Maddy’s Star
Wishing Star Series Book 1
Kate Rosebrook
Copyright 2013 by Kate Rosebrook
Smashwords Edition
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Please visit www.katerosebrook.blogspot.com for information
on the next book in the Wishing Star series.

To my family, especially my husband and kids
for supporting me and making
time for my writing career.
Also thanks to Kimi
for encouraging me and reading my
rough drafts–even when they were really rough.





Chapter 1

Maddy tamped down the dance of nerves in her belly as Lake Serenity came into view. The layer of fog over the water slinked across the surface and toward the surrounding homes, covering the little valley she’d called home nearly ten years ago.
She curved around the southern end and slowed at the sight of Serenity Falls. It spilled into the lake, disturbing the glassy water. It looked bigger than the last time she’d seen it, tranquil from afar but massive and unforgiving up close. That unsettled torrent of fresh water had gobbled the pieces of metal she and her friends had thrown over the edge.
They’d been like children making wishes on stars in the night, believing that the pieces of the Wishing Star they’d throw in would change their lives–would make their dreams come true.
What had she wished for?
A real family. A husband and children. Something so simple.
Her fiancé David had died a week before their wedding. Simplicity didn’t seem to be part of the plan for her life.
Maddy wrung the steering wheel with a sigh and split her attention between the road and her phone. She scrolled down to Grace’s number, pressing SEND. A sharp sound screeched against her ear. She jerked her hand away. Feedback? The shrill lasted a few seconds, blaring as she cruised past the sign that welcomed new visitors to scenic Serenity Falls.
Instead of a welcome, however, words of warning filled her vision. Across the green and cream wooden sign, block letters formed two simple words.
LEAVE NOW.
She jammed her foot on the break pedal and her tires skidded along gravel at the side of the road. Her breath clogged and the phone clattered in the console as her car shuddered to a stop.
The engine hummed softly, eerily quiet compared to the sharp shriek of the phone and the wild thumping of her heart.
Maddy met her own eyes in the rearview mirror, brown pools of surprise. She squeezed the steering wheel once and then rolled those eyes, telling herself that graffiti was no stranger to this part of the world. That’s all it was. Graffiti.
She put her car into reverse and backed it toward the welcome board until it came into view again. The sun peeked around the clouds, the engine rumbled quietly. Her cell phone lay silently in the console.
And the green and cream sign sat undisturbed, Welcome to Serenity Falls flowing in a pretty font.
Maddy swallowed.
That’s not what it said before. Before it said something different, something…
Maddy wasn’t sure. She’d been trying to use the phone. She’d been distracted.
She retrieved the phone and put it to her ear. Silence. It, too, looked undisturbed. Grace’s number wasn’t there, only the sunny picture of a yellow daisy she’d set as her screen saver a few months ago.
She found Grace’s number and pushed SEND again. Her hand hovered a safe distance from her ear.
“Hello?”
Anxiety stalled the words in her throat.
“Hello?”
“Grace?” Maddy returned the phone to her ear.
“Maddy? Hi–are you here?”
She blew a quiet breath through her lips. “I’m almost there.” Her eyes strayed to the sign again, uncertain. Still, it welcomed her. “I’m going past the Falls.”
“I’m at the store.”
“I’ll come there, then.” Another glance at the sign. “Is Kara there yet?”
“Not yet. She called and said she’d probably be awhile longer.”
Maddy nodded to herself. She should have figured. Kara kept busy and, of the three of them, was the least likely to want to return to Serenity Falls. 
She put the car into drive but kept her foot firmly on the brake pedal.
“Are you doing okay?” Maddy asked her friend.
Grace chuckled on the other end. “Riley asked me that three times today.”
“He did?”
“Yeah, because he knew you were coming.”
“Really?”
“And he said he has something to tell us.”
“Us?” Distracted by the conversation, she pulled her eyes away from the sign and joined her car with the road once more. “You and me us?”
“All three of us.”
Lake Serenity passed to her right and shimmered out of sight with a gentle curve in the direction of town. It felt odd heading this way. Into town instead of out of it.
After Maddy had thrown her piece of the metal trio of stars, she’d said goodbye to her friends and soon after driven away from Serenity Falls for good. How could the idea of returning home create such a battle between her heart and her mind?
She tried to relax her hands on the wheel. She’d loved this place when she was younger. Good memories could still outweigh the bad.
“What is it?” she asked Grace.
“He said it’s something that Grandpa wanted us to know.”
The first mention of Grandpa Moore sobered Maddy more than she would have liked. She hadn’t been able to come for his funeral several months ago. Even a year after David’s accident, she still hadn’t been up to making a trip back here.
“I’m almost there,” Maddy repeated.
“I’ll see you soon.”
She returned her phone to the console and slid the window down halfway. Wind attacked her hair, but she kept her hands on the wheel.
Was she just seeing things because she was nervous about coming back?
Maddy bit her lip. No, that was Kara’s thing. Letting her imagination run away with her. She was the writer. And she’d probably have a creative reason for what had happened. Or Grace, she’d sensibly explain it away and life would move on like it normally did.
Maddy’s eyes returned to the rearview mirror. But she’d seen something. Unlike her friends, she could neither understand it nor explain it away.
Leave now? She’d hardly even arrived. Her car thrummed along the only road from the lake to town, less than a mile from downtown Serenity Falls.
No, she had to come back. She needed the comfort of home. Needed friends. Needed to know what kept dragging at her to return, why she couldn’t forget the star and her wish. Her hand shook slightly and she squeezed the wheel tighter. Forget the sign. She had to figure out how she was going to tell Grace that she wasn’t just coming to visit, she was coming to stay.
Two miles past Lake Serenity, the sun crawled out from behind the clouds permanently. It warmed the brick on the buildings downtown and lured shoppers to browse. Maddy stopped outside Moore’s Antiques and got out only to lean against the door of her car.
She propped her sunglasses on top of her head and scuffed her sneaker on the ground. The motion made her feel like a kid again. Or maybe it was the store. More days than she could count had been spent inside the tiny building, charmed by old books and trinkets and pieces of history that made her mind whirl with intrigue.
She stepped away from her car. The wind fluttered her hair, tickled her cheeks. Her gaze lingered on a heavy bucket of wild orange poppies before she walked inside.
~ ~ ~
“Riley, you don’t have to stay here all afternoon,” Grace said to him.
He tilted a smile at her in a way that said he was going to stay anyway. And because she hated it when he acted like an older brother, he reached out to fluff her hair.
“I’m serious,” she warned, smacking his hand.
He chuckled and she went back to work, fluttering her hands across the countertop to organize pens and shift papers. Typical Grace. The more stressed she was, the more she got done. Riley snatched the mechanical pencil on the edge before she could grab it.
“I think I’ll stay a bit.” He tapped the pencil against the edge of the counter. “I don’t have a showing for another hour.”
“Ahh….” She gave an elaborate nod. “I see.”
“What do you see?”
“You’re waiting to get a peek at Maddy.”
Riley lifted one corner of his mouth, not planning on denying it. “I’m intrigued.”
“You’ve met her before.”
He stopped the pencil. “Yes, but that was a long time ago. Back when girls were still gross.” He grinned. “How long is she going to be here?”
“I don’t know, she didn’t say.”
A customer approached. With a quick flourish, Riley flipped the pencil twice and settled it within Grace’s grasp. “Like I said, I’m intrigued.”
He chuckled again as she rolled her eyes before greeting the woman with a smile.
He was intrigued. Serenity Falls wasn’t all that big. A newcomer intrigued everyone. And this particular newcomer, one of Grace’s oldest and best friends, made for even more interest. It didn’t hurt that he’d seen a picture of her last week and her laughing eyes and dimples had already charmed him.
Riley crossed to the adjoining room, nudging a floor globe into place as he passed. He skirted around the large armoire Grace had been trying to sell him for over a year and adjusted a flowered hat that had tipped askew from the upper edge of an oriental screen.
He’d been in the antique store enough times to know exactly where everything went. But these days, instead of helping out his grandfather after school like he used to, Riley worked as a real estate agent.
And Grandpa…Riley gave an inward sigh, staring out the window at the reflection of the sun on his car. He missed him. Probably not as much as Grace, but he still missed the man that had been like a parent to both he and Grace.
The door sounded at the front of the store. He shifted, peeked around the armoire, and saw Madison McGee. Her gaze traveled first to the counter, where Grace still stood with the customer, then wandered to the room he stood in and connected with the armoire he lingered behind.
He ducked back. The instinctive motion brought a low laugh from his throat. Those wide brown eyes looked nervous. Staring at her probably wasn’t going to help her feel more comfortable. When she walked over to the armoire he moved to the other side and came up silently next to her. She lifted a delicate hand and traced a finger down one of the heavy oak doors.
She looked almost exactly like the laughing girl from the picture, one from just before her wedding. It hadn’t been that long ago. The thought nearly stopped him–nearly caused him to wait for Grace to introduce them instead. She’d lost her fiancé, the man she’d loved. Thinking about her dimples, or anything else, probably wasn’t appropriate.
But the faraway look in her eyes, the one that spoke of memories long past, made him speak up. “That armoire is from the late 1800’s.”
Her gaze shot to his and he got his first straight on glimpse of eyes the color of melted chocolate. She dropped her hand as though he’d caught her stealing something, and fidgeted with the strap of her purse.
“I’m sorry.” Riley couldn’t help the smile that sprung to his lips. He moved back a step and settled his hands into his pockets. “You looked interested in the piece.”
“Actually, I was just waiting–there was someone at the counter and I didn’t want to interrupt…” She brushed at her hair, casting dark waves over her shoulder. “I didn’t realize there were two of you here.”
“No, I don’t work here.”
“But I thought–”
“Oh, the armoire.” He grinned and shrugged. What had he thought? That she might remember him? Her eyes betrayed uncertainty, not quite masked by her smile. Though that smile didn’t hurt. “Well, Grace has been trying to sell me this piece for months. She said it would make my living room classier.”
She grimaced, her smile turning sympathetic. “Sounds like Grace.”
“You’re Madison, right?”
“That’s right. How did you know?”
“Grace has been expecting you.”
Maddy opened her mouth to respond. When nothing came out, he grinned. “I’m Riley.”
No, she definitely hadn’t recognized him. Color crept into her cheeks and he fought to keep his grin from spreading. “It’s been a long time,” she finally managed.
“It has been.”
“I guess I should have known–I mean, Grace said you were here earlier. I…”
“Like you said,” he told her, reaching out a hand to touch her arm briefly, “it’s been a long time.”
Her eyes widened. She shifted to slide her hair behind her ear and he pulled back, tucking his hands into his pockets again. Was he making her nervous? Or was it simply being back in Serenity Falls?
The same kind of jitteriness he’d seen in Grace all day. In fact, his sister had been like this since their grandfather died. Talking more about her friends from the youth center. Hunting for an excuse for their reunion. Now, inexplicably, it had all come together.
Unusually perfect timing considering they all needed to be here for another reason none of them were aware of. He squeezed his hand around three tiny envelopes in his pocket. One for Grace, one for Kara, and one for Maddy.
She’d recovered from his words, from his gesture, and now her eyes danced in question. Her smile dazzled, jolted his senses. Had he told Grace he was intrigued? Was that the word he’d used? Didn’t seem to measure up to the zap of attractiveness that had just zoomed all the way to his toes.
The customer left and Grace beckoned them over.
Riley watched as Maddy turned, the way her chestnut hair swished across her shoulder blades as she walked to the counter and wrapped her arms around his sister. He strolled in after her.
“It seems this lady here is interested in your armoire,” he told Grace, sliding his palm down the leg of his pants before he propped his elbow on the counter. What was with him? Just because she’d turned that smile in his direction with stunning force didn’t mean anything. She hadn’t even recognized him.
“Really? You mean you did my job for me?”
He nodded.
Grace smiled at Maddy. “I’m glad you came so soon. It’s good to see you.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be here sooner,” Maddy began. “I–” She broke off at the hitch in her voice.
“It’s good to see you,” Grace repeated. Her gaze met Riley’s and he straightened.
“I have to be going but it was nice to meet you,” he said before they could start talking again. Grace held his gaze, a subtle curve to her lips he knew very well. Like she was reading his mind.
He turned before she could make a comment, which he felt certain she would, and nodded at Maddy. He walked through the front door, propped open by an antique leather suitcase. Sunshine engulfed him.
Riley dug in his pocket for his keys, and he paused just off the curb. Laughter trickled out into the parking lot. He cast another peek inside. Saw Maddy lift one hand to twirl a piece of hair and the other in explanation as she told Grace something.
Intrigued? He let out a short laugh. Floored was more like it.




Chapter 2

Maddy shaded her eyes from the glare of the afternoon sun. It sprinkled warm rays of light across a town that still felt all too familiar. Just like the antique store. And the armoire. Once, in her youth, she’d hidden behind the doors of that very piece…
And she’d thought she could forget all these things. That coming back to Serenity Falls would be easier or different than it had ten years ago when she’d been seventeen, naïve and full of hope for the future.
And then there was Riley. She pulled her sunglasses out of her bag, settled them on her face, and scanned the street. Nothing familiar about him–nothing except those eyes. Almost like Grace’s but with their own unique tint. Grace’s eyes looked like the ocean off the west coast, sparkling blue in the warmth of a summer sun. Riley’s were more like waters in the Caribbean, aquamarine, warm and soothing.
Why hadn’t she been able to place that sooner? Why had her mouth gone dry and pulse picked up speed? She wasn’t ready for feelings like this.
Heat crawled up her neck and she snatched a hair tie off her wrist. She pulled her hair into a long ponytail and moved toward the street. Better to forget that awkward meeting–and his smile.
She frowned and paused at the edge of the street. An old truck chugged past, window down to reveal a giant, smiling Golden Retriever that watched her with interest. She followed the truck and the dog’s speculative eyes until they moved out of sight.
That’s right. Even the dog could tell she had no idea what she was doing.
Maddy had nowhere to go. No home, no job, only a good friend and the prospect of a new future. The thought should have encouraged her. Should have boosted her confidence. She could be anyone she wanted. She didn’t have to be the same girl she was when she’d left Serenity Falls. She didn’t have to be a victim.
But if she wasn’t Madison McGee, the shy young girl who’d wished for a real family, then who was she? Even after her father’s death, she still felt like that young girl who had been under his control.
And still no family.
Across from Moore’s Antiques, a seemingly permanent fixture of Serenity Falls’ historic district, stood the coffee shop and book store Grace had directed her to, a place more conducive to waiting. Grace didn’t close the store for another forty-five minutes and she’d quickly waved off Maddy’s offer for company.
Maddy crossed the street and smiled at a woman walking with a stroller, trying to ignore the swirl of emotions that trailed after her. When she’d left Serenity Falls so long ago, she’d left more than her friends. She’d walked away from her past and was content on leaving it there. The familiar streets and the antique store brought it all back way too fast. And the waterfall at the lake…
Panic edged its way into her mind and she blinked quickly to clear the familiar moisture that had begun to pool. She swallowed hard. Move on.
That was the only thing she could do now.
The café and bookstore was new to Serenity Falls, aptly named Serendipity. The word scrolled across the warm, brick background in fun black letters, echoing the look of other buildings on Parker Street.
Maddy knew serendipity. A blessing, an event of chance or luck, good fortune. Meeting her two good friends, Grace and Kara, at the youth center had been serendipitous. So had meeting her fiancé.
That was also the past.
Today, a hot cup of coffee and a good book would have to suffice.
The chill in the breeze hinted of fall, driving most downtown shoppers indoors. Maddy counted a small handful of people perusing the shelves or indulging in some hot beverage or another. Warm maple bookshelves were stuffed with an eclectic mix of fiction and non-fiction. The rich colored burgundy carpeting led to the tiled floors of the café. It, too, had a warm, cozy feel with colors reflecting a distinct Tuscan style.
Maddy browsed the shelves, scanned the best sellers and new releases, and then moved on to contemporary fiction. She gave a low chuckle at finding a book by her old friend Kara Jensen, entitled Midnight Pond. Of course, it was under her alias, Elise Bombay. It was Kara’s first novel, a moving story Maddy had seen touches of herself and Grace in.
“Good book.”
Maddy looked up, snapping the book shut. No nametag, but she’d seen the man helping another customer. He couldn’t have been more than a few years older than her, and his gray eyes crinkled with a smile.
She nodded. “I enjoyed it.”
“I’m Elliot. Can I help you find anything?”
“I’m not really sure what I’m looking for.”
“Are you a Bombay fan?”
Maddy held back a smile at the pseudonym. “You could say that.”
He scanned the shelf briefly. “Sorry to say that’s the only one of hers I have right now. She hasn’t released anything in awhile. There’s rumor of a potential release…ah, next October, I think.”
“Really?” Kara might have mentioned something in one of her e-mails, but Maddy couldn’t remember. With her fiancé’s accident and the following year preparing to sell the house, she’d done a poor job at keeping in touch.
Elliot nodded. “I believe it’s called Wishing Star.”
Her heart jolted. Was Kara really writing a book about that night? About the star?
Anxiety dropped into the pit of her belly. What if she wasn’t the only one who thought about the star? Maybe she wasn’t the only one who couldn’t stop thinking about that night or their wishes.
“I could be wrong,” he said. “If you’d like, I could check for you–”
“No, no–it’s fine.” Maddy gathered herself enough to give him a reassuring smile. “I’m sure you’re right. I’ll look forward to that.”
“Me too.” He glanced toward the counter and caught sight of a customer. “Duty calls. Let me know if you need anything.”
“I will. Thanks.”
She watched him return to the counter, quick and efficient with the computer and the customer. Maddy pulled her gaze away, quelled the uneasy feeling about the star, and decided on coffee.
Her sneakers gripped the russet tile as she made her way to the counter. She lifted her chin but saw no one behind the cases of pastries and cookies. By the time she’d settled on what to order, Elliot had returned.
“I’ve always found that caffeine is a good place to start,” he commented, eyes dipping to her empty hands.
“I agree.” Her smile turned amused when he stepped behind the counter.
“What can I get for you?”
“I was told that Serendipity has the best caramel lattes in town.”
“That’s true. And I must say, whoever you’ve been speaking with around here has excellent taste.”
“That’d be Grace over at Moore’s Antiques.”
He gave an easy smile. “That woman has done wonders for my business.”
She fiddled with the edge of a basket at the corner of the counter. Tin boxes of mints rattled inside. “Do you do all the jobs around here?”
“It’s a transitional week for our employees.” He shrugged. The steam of the espresso machine hissed and dispersed into the warm air of the café. “So this week, I’m manager and employee–as well as latte extraordinaire.”
Maddy removed her wallet from her purse. “Being that you’re the manager, I should probably let you know what wonderful service I’ve had here today.”
Elliot grinned. He emptied espresso into a chocolate colored coffee cup, and continued with milk and flavoring. “As one of my newest, most valued customers, this latte is on the house. And, any friend of Grace is a friend of mine.”
“That’s really kind of you–you shouldn’t.”
“I insist.” He slid the mug carefully across the counter. “Just don’t tell the boss.”
Maddy laughed and pulled an imaginary zipper across her lips.
She brought her coffee to a nearby table aside a nice set of French doors. They led out to a tiny patio with wrought iron furniture that completed the Tuscan image perfectly. At least this place didn’t bring back any bad memories.
“That’s a serious look.”
She jerked her gaze up. Grace stood aside her table, head angled in question.
“Daydreaming,” Maddy said, shifting in her seat.
“About what?”
“Absolutely nothing. It’s kind of a nice break. I’ve been nervous about coming back and it’s been hard to think about anything else.”
Grace settled at the table, her smile gentle. “I understand. You came down here without knowing what’s going on–and I really appreciate it.”
“It’s not just that, it’s…” She waved a hand vaguely.
“Your dad,” Grace said with a nod. “Grandpa. Everything.”
You forgot the star. But Maddy didn’t say it out loud, only sipped her coffee.
“My place isn’t that big but you’re more than welcome to stay...well, for however long you’re planning on being here.”
Maddy tapped her nails against the side of the cup. “That’s another thing.”
“Oh?”
She nodded. “I was sort of...actually, I was planning on coming back before I even found out about Grandpa Moore.”
“Coming back to Serenity Falls? What for?” Grace grimaced. “I’m sorry–I didn’t mean–but with what happened to David–”
“No, it’s okay. You’re right. It is weird. And it’s not like I was really here that long in the first place. But...when I was here, it really felt like home.”
Grace reached across the table and touched her hand. There was a depth of understanding in those jewel blue eyes that was unique to her and only one other person. Kara. They were the only two who could understand what Maddy had gone through in her life. Who knew her history as well as she did.
“Probably the thing you want most right now,” Grace reasoned softly, “is home.”
Maddy nodded, not surprised for the second time that day to find tears pooling in her eyes. “I know it was almost two years ago, but after David died, I felt like I really didn’t belong there anymore. The wedding was only a week away and we’d bought this beautiful house to move into. It was going to be my first home–my first real home. So I stayed there awhile, but it wasn’t right. I thought a lot about moving back here. And when you called, by that time, it seemed like the right thing to do.”
Grace sat back. “No wonder you got here so quick.” She narrowed her eyes at Maddy, her lips parting slightly. “Wait, you said moving back here.”
She nodded.
“Moving back here,” Grace repeated. “Like coming back to live, to stay?”
Another nod.
“Oh.”
Maddy laughed. “Good ‘oh’ or bad ‘oh’?”
She reached across the table. “Definitely a good ‘oh.’ Maddy, you belong here. I know it.”
Her throat ached. Grace was always so definite, so sure. She swallowed hard to stall the emotions from coming back.
Elliot made his way across the café and paused to pick up Maddy’s empty cup.
“Short on help today?” Grace asked him.
“Paris went back to school this week,” he said. “She can only work evenings now.”
“Even weekends?”
“Some weekends. And Brian is sick so he couldn’t come in early.”
“I see. So you’re looking for daytime help?”
He grinned. “Why? Are you job hunting?”
Grace shrugged. “Well, you know my secret passion has always been books and bistros.”
“It’s a café,” Elliot said, shaking his head. “All right, Moore. I am looking for daytime help. You got someone in mind?”
Grace glanced at Maddy briefly. “Maybe. I’ll let you know.”
“You do that.” He welcomed another customer and smiled at them. “No rest for the weary.”
He moved toward the counter again and Maddy folded her hands on the table. “That’s quick work. You got me a place to live and a potential job all in one afternoon.”
“No sense in wasting time.”
And that had been Grace since they were kids. She hardly ever sat still, always had some sort of project going on, and believed there was no better time than the present to do everything that needed to be done.
“So Kara’s coming for sure?” Maddy asked.
“She said she was. Maybe not for a few weeks, though. You know Kara–as Ms. Bombay, she’s always managed to keep quite busy and last I heard she was trying to wrangle a book signing. And, she’s working on a new book.”
“I heard,” Maddy murmured. “Well, good for her.”
Grace nodded. She shifted in her seat and tilted her head in Elliot’s direction. “I think we’d better get out of his hair.”
Maddy stood as well. Her stomach still danced with nerves. “I think I’ll take you up on your offer to stay over.  At least for tonight anyway.”
“Sleepover!” Grace pumped her fist into the air, making Maddy laugh.
Maddy followed Grace outside and looked to the sky. The clouds were clearing. Soon, night would be upon them and the first stars would come out.
~ ~ ~
Riley pulled to the curb at Grace’s tiny rental home right behind Grace and Maddy. When he stepped out, he saw Grace freeze in her driveway with her hands on her hips. Chuckling, he reached inside for the box of pizza he’d brought.
He met both women at the door.
“Riley,” Grace said, something like warning in her tone.
He lifted his offering. “Pizza.”
“Shouldn’t you be working?”
He aimed his gaze in Maddy’s direction and smiled. “I finished early.”
He’d made sure to finish early. Because he wanted to see Maddy again. Because he was tired of carrying around these envelopes.
Grace unlocked the door and bumped into him rudely when he held the screen for Maddy. He smiled. “Hi, Maddy.”
Her eyes skirted to Grace’s before returning to his. “Hi.”
“You just came to bring pizza?” Grace asked, dropping her purse on the table by the door. She tossed her keys next to it.
“That’s the kind of response I get when I bring food?”
Grace paused, turning to look at him with calculating eyes. She gave a slow smile. “You’re right, Riley. That was nice of you. But I think you might have come for another reason.”
“Than just to be nice?” Riley laughed and headed toward the kitchen, continuing before she could say anything else. “I know you’re trying to get settled so I won’t stay long. I just wanted to give you what Grandpa told me to give you.”
He heard the quiet shuffle of feet and Grace peeked her head around the corner.
“What did you say?”
Maddy appeared next to her.
Riley drew plates out from the cupboard and set them on the counter. “Remember, I told you before–”
“No, before you said Grandpa had something to tell us.” She glanced at Maddy. “All of us.”
Riley nodded. “Something to tell you–something to give you. Same thing.”
“Not exactly,” Maddy said. “And Kara isn’t here yet.”
“I know. But since I don’t know how long you’re staying and Grace said Kara wasn’t going to be here for a few weeks, I figured I’d better tell you what I have to tell you and then you can both go from there.”
They came into the kitchen. Maddy immediately went for another cupboard while Grace put her hands on her hips again. He turned and brushed Maddy’s arm as he reached past her. Warmth lingered even as she scooted away.
“Here, let me,” he said.
He retrieved three glasses before she could protest and lowered them to the counter, resisting the urge to look over at her.
“What is it?” Grace asked.
Riley reached into his pocket, pulled out three small white envelopes and passed two of them to Grace and Maddy. Maddy ripped the sealed flap and dumped out the contents of the envelope. The small, shiny object dropped into her palm. A key.
Grace removed hers as well.
They looked to Riley in unison. He tapped the other envelope against his opposite hand. “The same thing for Kara,” he explained. “One for each of you.”
“A key?”
He nodded.
“To what?” Maddy asked.
“To your new home.”
Dozens of unasked questions filled the silence. He understood their surprise. The same confusion and amazement he’d felt when his grandfather had told him he wanted to give the house away after just purchasing it a few months prior.
“I don’t understand,” Grace said. 
“I don’t understand much of it myself.” He handed Grace the extra envelope, then turned to the counter again to grab paper towels. “Grandpa bought a house about two years ago, but then he got sick. Right after, he told me he wanted you three to have the home.”
Maddy hands twisted together, knuckles white. “Why didn’t he say anything?”
Riley averted his eyes. “I think…with everything you were dealing with, he didn’t want to give you all something else to worry about. I drew up the paperwork and everything, and then he got sicker. I guess he thought he would tell you when you all got together.”
“But he didn’t have time,” Grace murmured, putting her key back into the envelope.
“He wanted you all to be together again,” Riley said with a nod. “I think that’s most of it.  And he wanted you all to have the house.”
“But you don’t know why?”
Riley shook his head. “Let’s eat,” he suggested. “Then I’ll tell you the rest of what I know.”




Chapter 3

When Maddy woke the next morning, it took several long moments to orient herself. She was in Serenity Falls again. After almost ten years, years in which she’d been too afraid to return, she was here.
She walked to the mahogany dresser in Grace’s guest room and grabbed her brush off the top, examining herself in the round mirror. She lifted the ends of her chocolate brown hair and frowned. Split ends. Not enough time to get her hair cut. After she’d sold the house, she’d come here as quickly as she could.
Maddy settled her nerves by winding her hair into a long braid that flopped over her shoulder. Serenity Falls may feel like home, and one of her closest friends still lived here, but it didn’t mean her history here didn’t still hold painful memories.
Maddy started to turn, but her eyes caught on a photograph at the corner of the dresser. Her lips curved in a smile. It was a picture of her, Kara, and Grace the first summer after the three of them had met. One of the greatest summers of her life. She’d also met Mr. Moore, Grace’s grandfather and she’d discovered the youth center, her home away from home.
And thus had been the beginning of the new Madison–or Maddy Lynn as her new friends often called her. Madison from the broken home, daughter of an alcoholic father, had become Maddy, a young woman who wanted more for her life than what she was seemingly destined for.
How strange that destiny had brought her back to Serenity Falls. Back to Grace and her charming brother Riley. And an unexplained silver key…
The smell of bacon wafted into the room. Maddy left her memories and uncertainties in the room and joined her friend in the tiny kitchen.
“Sunday morning buffet,” Grace told her, offering a contagious smile.
Memory crept in, warming her heart. Sunday morning buffet had been a tradition a full decade ago. Every Sunday morning, Kara and Maddy would join Grace and Grandpa Moore at his house for breakfast. They’d each help fix something and then they’d eat an eclectic meal before the four of them would head off to the youth center together for volunteer day.
She seated herself at the round table next to the window and eyed the wide spread Grace had put together.
“Fruit and toast,” Grace said pointing, “and eggs, bacon, and pancakes.”
“You went all out.”
Grace shrugged. “Of course.” As if it were natural to pick up where they’d left off. She set a glass of orange juice in front of Maddy. “So eat a lot because somehow just the two of us have to finish all this.”
Maddy unfolded her napkin. “It’s weird having breakfast without Kara here.”
Grace speared a piece of cantaloupe with her fork. “It’s been a long time since we’ve done this.”
Maddy tried not to let the guilt get to her. She’d been in touch with both Grace and Kara over the years but keeping up their friendship had been tough–and keeping up traditions impossible.
“She said she’d come, though,” Grace continued.
“If she knows Grandpa Moore wanted her here, she’ll come.”
“Right.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here for the funeral.”
Grace met her eyes and ran a hand across her tousled blonde hair. She looked like a little girl despite her gray slacks and soft black sweater. Pink slippers peeked out from under the table.
“I know what you were dealing with,” Grace replied.
“It had already been over a year.” And there went the guilt again. Why couldn’t she have been stronger? Grace wouldn’t have fallen apart like she had. “I should have been here.”
“Maddy, Grandpa knew what was going on in your life. Like Riley said, that’s probably why he didn’t tell us sooner about the house. And you being here for the funeral wouldn’t have bothered him. It’s being here now that he would’ve wanted.”
“But for you,” Maddy protested. “I should have been here for you.”
“Riley was here. And, you know...Grandpa knew it was his time. He was fine with it, so we were, too.”
Maddy tried a smile but her lips wouldn’t move. She couldn’t accept it as easily. After David’s death, loneliness had crept up on her with claws that dug in and held tight. She’d only recently started to believe she could move on, that life went on. And now Grandpa Moore…
She swallowed and asked Grace, “Why did Grandpa Moore want the three of us to have the house together?”
Grace set down her fork and swirled her orange juice in the half empty glass. “Grandpa told me one time that he felt like we–you, me and Kara–all met at the center for a reason. And that one day we’d all be back here together again.”
“Because of a house?”
She shrugged. “Maybe.”
Maddy ate a bite of toast and thought this over. “You think he decided to give us the house because he wanted us all to be back in Serenity Falls again?”
“I don’t know. Maybe he just hoped it would get us all here together.”
“I don’t suppose Ms. Bombay is aware of this,” Maddy mumbled, finding the information hard to digest.
Grace grinned. “Kara doesn’t want to come back, but she’s still going to come. That’s a start. And I agree with Grandpa. I think we met at the youth center for a reason. Maybe that reason is the house.” Maddy raised a brow and Grace propped her chin in her hands. “Maybe that reason is something big, something we never would have thought of on our own.”
Maddy let possibilities swirl through her mind for a long moment. Then she narrowed her eyes. “You know, you’re doing a whole mysterious thing.” She paused, then added, “Just like your brother.”
When Grace didn’t respond, Maddy lifted her eyes. Grace gave a slow smile. “You think Riley’s mysterious?”
She opened her mouth, but the words stalled in her throat. Grace chuckled. Maddy promptly bit into a piece of bacon and tried a nonchalant shrug. The fact she was even thinking about Riley at all rattled her. She frowned when she couldn’t stop his teasing smile from flashing through her mind.
“Well.” Grace straightened in her seat. “I thought being mysterious made me charming. Sorry. Try the eggs–they’re good.”
Maddy sighed. “How’s the youth center? Do you still help out there?”
“There’s the guilt,” Grace said with a grimace. “I don’t mean you’re making me feel guilty. It’s just–after Grandpa turned the store over to me, I’ve been so busy. I hardly had any time to stop by there. And I felt bad about it, but I always made excuses.”
Maddy nodded.
“And once Grandpa died...well, I couldn’t bring myself to go back.”
She met Grace’s gaze. “You haven’t been back since then?”
“Nope. But Riley goes by there a lot–to help out mostly. He says there aren’t as many kids stopping by but he thinks that’s probably because of the funding. The place hasn’t been kept up well since before Grandpa died.” Grace wrinkled her nose. “And then there are all the things they’ve built around it. Diversions, Riley calls them. He tries to protect me, but I know the harsh reality of strip malls and other kinds of modernization.”
“Strip malls?”
“Oh, Maddy.” Grace sighed. “You should see it. They built a movie theater–one of those big multiplexes–just down the street from the center. And there’s a Starbucks almost directly across from the church.” She rolled her eyes. “I have nothing against chains. Don’t tell Elliot, I even went for a cappuccino once. It’s just...”
“A reminder,” Maddy filled in knowingly. “That things can’t stay the same forever.”
Grace bobbed her head in agreement. “And the youth center was such a good influence to all the kids, so if they’re all drinking their frothy drinks and watching movies all day, who’s going to volunteer there or around town? Who’s going to help out on senior day at the hospital?”
“Senior day.” Maddy sighed at the memory. She finished off her orange juice. “You’re right. It’s sad.”
A comfortable silence settled over the table. Maddy’s mind strayed to the key again and then to yesterday and her odd drive into Serenity Falls. She hadn’t thought about the words on the sign or the strange screech of the phone again until now. After everything else that had been on her mind, it didn’t seem to matter. Even now she still wasn’t sure what to make of it. What would Grace think if…
Grace stood from the table. “Are you still okay with meeting Riley to see the house?”
Maddy nodded. As ready as she’d ever be.
~ ~ ~
Riley led the way to the house, his navy SUV cruising smoothly down the paved road toward Lake Serenity. The first week of September yielded a cool breeze in the midst of a sharply bright glare of sun. He lowered his window and glanced at the houses on the hill as they passed. He’d sold one last week to an old high school friend just returning to Serenity Falls.
It seemed like a lot of that was going on lately, friends returning to their roots. His friend Nathan had said it was time to settle down. He wondered about Maddy. Was she trying to settle down? How long was she planning on staying in Serenity Falls?
Long enough, he hoped, to get Grace out of her rut. Grandpa’s death had taken its toll on her. She wasn’t as enthusiastic as normal. She worked too much, and even though he knew she was struggling with the antique store, he wished she’d take some time off. She hadn’t been to the youth center in months though he’d invited her several times. And now she had to deal with a new piece of property Riley wasn’t even sure why she had inherited.
It would weigh on her, he knew, but there wasn’t much he could do about that. Grandpa had left her, Kara, and Maddy the property and its land because he felt like they would do with it what was meant to be done–whatever that was.
Riley looked for the familiar wooden mailbox, just yards before the curve of the road and the scenic spill of the Falls. His sister’s new home was a winding gravel road away from the water.
The chipped white paint of the house looked dull even in the bright sun. It hadn’t seen much care over the years. He’d initially tried to convince his grandfather against purchasing the house but Grandpa had been adamant.
Very little his grandfather had done surprised Riley, but when he’d relinquished the keys only a few months after the purchase of the home was finalized, Riley had been shocked. “I thought I was supposed to buy this place for me–or my plans,” he’d said, “but I guess I was wrong.”
Soon after, he’d died and Riley was left with the responsibility of getting the keys to their rightful owners.
Riley jerked his keys from the ignition and got out. Grace’s car crunched along the gravel and pulled to a stop next to his. He leaned against the hood and watched as they stepped out, sharing a laugh. The quick glimpse of Grace without worry lining her features or a trace of sadness in her eyes made him smile.
And Maddy…Riley pushed himself away from the car. Yeah, he was still trying to figure that one out.
“There are two houses on the property,” he told them. “A guesthouse out back and the main house. Which would you like to see first?”
“The main house,” Maddy said.
“Good choice.”
“I feel kind of weird about going in here without Kara,” Grace said.
“I know. But what if Kara doesn’t come for awhile?” Maddy asked. “Maybe we’ll see why Grandpa Moore was so interested in the house.”
“Good to go?” Riley asked.
They nodded.
“All right.” He tipped his head toward the house, ready to play tour guide. “Let’s go.”





Chapter 4

The old house stood two stories high, reminiscent of the Victorian homes in the oldest part of Serenity Falls. Except that this house wasn’t in downtown Serenity Falls. It was near the lake, just before the spot where Maddy had skidded to a halt by the side of the road.
With Grace in the driver’s seat, Maddy spent most of the drive questioning what she’d seen at the lake. Had she really seen what she’d thought she’d seen? She tried, but she couldn’t blame it all on nerves–she knew she’d seen something.
In front of her new home, Maddy’s scanned the structure. The paint peeled all along the siding and the shutters. Weeds covered the ground and seemed to be willing themselves to breach the wraparound porch and potentially overtake the entryway altogether.
Maddy bit her lip. The place did have character. A squirrel ran across the eave, scurrying to the opposite end of the house before disappearing over the roof. She smiled. With some paint, the place may even have a little charm.
The inside of the house, Riley explained to them, had seen better days. But the property was structurally sound and most of the work was cosmetic. Maddy saw potential, but when she stepped out the back door at the end of the downstairs hallway, the property wedged itself into a soft spot in her heart.
Outside the door was a good-sized deck, laden with two rusty chairs facing a line of tall trees. And off to the left, a perfect spot for a garden. She could picture it all very clearly. A spot for flowers, vegetables, a generous lawn... an ideal space for kids. To help take care of the place and keep out of trouble.
An ideal space for kids? Where had that thought come from?
Maddy paced to the edge of the wooden slats. She had spent days and days at the youth center when she was a teenager doing various types of maintenance. That included giving the place visual appeal with flowers and tending to the tiny potted garden she’d introduced to the center. But it kept several of the kids there interested in something creative and kept them off the streets.
“What are you thinking?” Grace asked. She paused just outside the back door, squinting in the sunlight.
“That this place needs a garden.”
“A garden.” Grace chuckled. “I remember you brought us our first pot of flowers at the youth center. And you’d water it every day. Then other kids brought more and you made sure they all got taken care of. But that–well, that was nothing compared to what this could be.”
Maddy looked back to the area beyond the deck. Could this place be something more? Was Grace thinking the same thing?
Maybe that’s why Grandpa Moore had given them the home. Because with Grace’s practicality, Kara’s creativity, and Maddy’s passion, they could make it into something more than just a rundown old house. Something better.
What else would three grown women do with a place they all owned together?
Sell it, was Kara’s likely answer. It made the most sense. Maddy frowned. It didn’t seem right.
Maddy looked further into the yard and spotted Riley. A sea of overgrown weeds billowed around him and a few sunflowers bowed above his tall frame, his muscular shoulders relaxed against his button up shirt.
Grace linked arms with Maddy, a familiar gesture she’d done since they were kids, and pulled Maddy to catch up with Riley. “Let’s check out the guesthouse.”
The tiny home sat across the gravel road that wound around from the front of the house. Trees cast it in a soft shadow and cocooned the sides for more privacy. Inside, the guesthouse had a charm of its own, with only five cozy rooms and a fireplace.
“It reminds me of you,” Grace said.
Maddy turned to her. “What do you mean?”
“Just that it looks like a place you would be comfortable in–and you could make your own. It’s cute. I don’t mind having a roommate, don’t get me wrong, but if you wanted something of your own...”
Maddy looked around again, her eyes met Riley’s from across the room. He looked curious. Had Grace told him she planned on staying permanently?
“I couldn’t,” she said quietly to Grace. She fiddled with the strap of her purse.
“Why not? It’s yours right?”
“I can attest to that,” Riley said. He divided his attention between them and a pile of books on a worn table. “It is yours.”
“It’s ours,” Maddy argued. “Yours and Kara’s, too.”
Grace laughed. “I already have a place to live and I like it just fine. And Kara–I don’t know, maybe you can be roommates. Though when she mentioned the visit she also said something about one of the suites at the hotel.”
The image made Maddy smile. “I can believe that.”
“High maintenance?” Riley questioned, still looking over the books.
“He said it, not me,” Grace said. “What are you looking at over there, Riley?”
“Books.” He gestured to the stack. “I think Grandpa wanted these to go to the store–or to you. His place was overflowing with books. I thought we’d gone through them all, but I guess we missed these.”
“I wonder why he brought them here.”
Maddy made her way to the heavy table, the only piece of furniture in the room. A layer of dust coated the surface and several thick books. Riley slid his hand across the cover of one of the books, exposing its name in gold lettering. 
“Look at all these,” Grace said. Her eyes narrowed on one in particular. “I think some of these used to be in the store.”
“I imagine all of these used to be in the store.”
“Then why are they here?”
“Maybe Grandpa didn’t want to sell them,” Riley offered.
“Again–why?”
Maddy studied one on the corner, a familiar one from Moore’s Antiques–from her youth. Her stomach danced with a mixture of interest and uncertainty. “Too important,” she murmured.
Silence settled over the room. When Maddy looked up, Riley’s eyes were narrowed on her face. She felt color creep into her cheeks and shrugged. “You’re right, maybe he didn’t want to sell them.”
When he looked back down, she swallowed hard. Here it was again, another reminder of her past. More specifically that night at the Falls, the night that all their wishes began to come true…
“We could take them with us,” Maddy said with a nod. “Maybe you could see why he wanted to keep them.”
“Good idea.” Grace began to scoop up some of the books.
Riley followed her lead. “I guess we’re all done here.”
“I guess. Maddy?”
“Right.” She piled a few books in her arms as Grace went for the door and disappeared outside.
“I’ll get the rest of these.” Riley smiled at her.
Maddy turned to follow Grace and heard an echoing beep from her purse. She shifted and peered down. A text message on her phone. Her brow furrowed. Kara? She wasn’t expecting to hear from anyone else.
“Everything okay?”
She lifted a smile at Riley’s question as she dug in her purse. “It’s just my phone.”
Maddy’s hand closed around it and she peeked at the screen. One message. She swiped the screen to view it and a short note popped up.
Welcome back. Love, Daddy
She yanked her hand back as if the phone had burned her. Two books slipped from her grasp and landed with a loud slap on the hardwood floor, and the phone followed with a sharp clatter.
“Maddy?”
Her heart jumped straight to her throat.
“Are you okay?”
She dropped to her knees and reached for the books with trembling hands. “Clumsy,” she whispered. The words caught and she tried again. “It slipped” –her eyes flashed up to his with a forced smile– “and then the phone. I hope I didn’t break it–”
He knelt down as well and stretched to retrieve the phone.
“No, Riley–”
He paused when she gripped his hand. Then he tilted the phone in her direction. “It doesn’t look broken.”
She caught a glimpse of the sunny daisy and her world seemed to tilt. What happened to the message? She took the phone from him and shifted to stand. He cupped a hand beneath her elbow to lift her to her feet.
His eyes pierced her, aqua sea waters clouded over by an oncoming storm. “Are you sure you’re okay? You seemed…”
“I’m fine.” She eased out of his grasp and forced another smile, trying to ignore the concern in his blue eyes. “I just dropped the books and when I tried to grab them the phone fell and–”
She broke off and waved her hand in a gesture of nonchalance.
“Let’s go,” she whispered hastily. 
His smile didn’t quite reach his eyes, but she turned and hurried out of the house.
~ ~ ~
That night, over a spread of Chinese food and a bottle of wine at the low coffee table in her living room, Grace caught Maddy off guard.
“Riley’s into you.”
Maddy fumbled one of her chopsticks and gave a nervous laugh. “He’s being nice–he’s your brother, he has to be nice to me.”
“Trust me, Riley doesn’t have to do anything. And besides, he told me so.”
“He told you he doesn’t have to do anything?”
Grace chuckled and shifted her legs. “No, he told me he’s interested in you.”
Not after today. After today, he probably thought she was crazy. Besides, he didn’t even know her–she wasn’t exactly the best in relationships.
“That’s not true,” Maddy finally answered.
“Yes, it is. When you were looking at that armoire yesterday, he said he liked the view.”
Maddy choked on an egg roll. “Grace.”
“Well, he did say you were pretty,” Grace replied, giving her a pointed look. “And I know for a fact that he wasn’t talking about the armoire. He hates that armoire.”
“He told me you keep trying to sell it to him. Maybe he’s just being difficult because you won’t leave him alone.”
Grace folded her hands on the table. “I see.”
“See what?”
“You’re on his side.”
“No, I’m not.”
Grace raised her brows. “Yes, you are. But he needs that armoire. It would be perfect for his house. You’d agree if you saw his living room.”
“I don’t know antiques like you do. I’ll take your word for it.”
“Take my word for it,” Grace retorted, shaking her head. She worked at scooping up rice with her chopsticks. “You know you spent just as much time in the store drooling over all those antiques as I did.”
“Drooling. Very attractive. No, I didn’t.” Maddy folded her legs and sighed. “I’d be kind of sad if you sold that armoire. To anyone else, at least.”
“Why’s that?”
“I think I might miss it.”
Memory lit in Grace’s eyes. Had she forgotten that day?
Maddy had only been living in Serenity Falls for five short weeks when she hid inside that oversized armoire to escape from her father.
Ever since her mother had left, she’d been responsible for keeping the house up. On that warm day, her first summer in Serenity Falls, that meant going for groceries. But at fifteen, she didn’t have a license yet. She was surprised when her dad offered to drive her and agreed because she didn’t think she could carry all the bags by herself.
They’d only driven three blocks before she realized he was drunk. She should have noticed sooner. She usually did. But this time she was thinking about Grace, a girl she’d met last week. Maybe she could leave when her father was at work tomorrow, and go back to the youth center, just to see the other kids again. And maybe talk to Grace, maybe have a friend. She hadn’t told Grace anything about her father or really anything else about herself, only that she’d just moved to town.
Three blocks away from her new home, with Daddy driving, he ran a stop sign. A car traveling in the opposite direction blew its horn and swerved to the side of the road.
“Oh, shut up!” Daddy shouted. “People around here…”
Madison looked over at him, noting the slur of his speech. She clung to the handle at the door.
He cursed, words punctuated with two angry jabs at the steering wheel. “They think…just because they’re not in the big city, everything has to be so perfect!”
She shifted in her seat. Her hand tightened as he drifted back and forth between the lanes. She wished a police officer would see them, pull him over. She wished she had a driver’s license. She wished she was old enough to finally leave…
Another horn blew outside her window.
She jerked in a breath. “Daddy…”
“‘Daddy’ what?” he snapped.
Maddy jammed her feet against the floorboard, bracing herself.
“‘Daddy’ what?” he asked, swerving again. They neared downtown Serenity Falls. More cars traveled on the streets. People walked the storefronts.
“Be careful,” she said softly.
Without warning, he slammed on the breaks, jerking the car to a stop in the middle of the road. Tires squealed in protest and Maddy’s seatbelt jerked taut. Her braids flopped over her shoulders.
“Are you trying to tell me what to do?” he yelled. His hand shot out and her head snapped sideways with the blow. A pulsing throb echoed through her jaw. She swallowed hard twice before she could raise her head again.
“Madison, you little–”
She jerked her seatbelt off and threw open the door. Her heart slammed in her chest as she jumped out of the car.
“Madison–get back here!”
Her feet slapped against the pavement and she hit the sidewalk in three long strides. She needed to make it to town. Main Street, where there were people. Where there were witnesses.
His engine revved. She’d never run from Daddy before. And now he was coming after her.
Stores–she saw stores lined up and down the street. She knew none of them–except for the one on the corner. Moore’s Antiques. Grace had said her grandfather owned it.
Without thinking, Maddy veered toward the store. She glanced back. Her father slowed the vehicle and came up over the curb. He shut off the car and managed to get surprisingly steady feet beneath him to come after her.
Maddy brushed past people. No stopping–she had to get away. She grasped the door handle and burst inside of Moore’s Antiques. Grace turned startled blue eyes in her direction. A man with similar eyes appeared from behind the counter. Her grandfather?
“Maddy?” Grace said.
She jerked her gaze around the store. Her eyes settled on the armoire. Frantic, Maddy went for the piece of furniture. She nestled inside of it and swiftly closed the doors.
Outside, in the quiet of the store, a loud voice.
“My daughter, Madison, I just saw her–” Fury coated his voice. The kind of anger that came about after several hours at the bar.
“Your daughter?” Grace asked softly, calmly–almost musical with a hint of amusement–while Maddy slumped inside the armoire, praying her father didn’t find her. “I didn’t see anyone, did you Grandpa?”
“No one.”
Maddy loved that armoire. Her father never found her that day. And though she eventually had to go home that evening, it was worth it. It was the first time she’d stood up to him–in her own way.
He’d died two years after Maddy left Serenity Falls. So where had that message on her phone come from?
Grace shifted and raised herself to the couch. “I’m glad you’re back. Glad that for now, you’re here to stay.”
“Me too.”
Grace arched one eyebrow. “I know you Maddy Lynn. Just like I know you know me.”
Maddy tipped her head up but didn’t respond.
“There’s something else you’re not telling me.” Grace’s lips moved in a kind smile. Maddy’s throat dried. “You recognized the book from the guesthouse today. You recognized it from the store.”
She lowered her gaze in relief. She couldn’t tell Grace about the message on her phone. It sounded too crazy. She focused her gaze on her half-eaten egg roll. She had recognized the book. Each of them had looked at it when they were younger–before the night at the Falls.
Grace gestured toward the door. “It’s still in the car. I could go get it.”
“Why?”
“Because you said it was important.”
“It’s the book with the star in it,” Maddy said. “The Wishing Star.”
Grace didn’t even blink. “You’re sure?”
“I’m sure.”
“More rice?” Her hands fluttered out. She looked in need of a distraction–always busy. Always trying to get something done.
“No thanks.”
They sat in silence for several minutes, Maddy sipping her wine and Grace using her chopsticks as a spear and taking no mercy on a saturated piece of broccoli.
The more they sat, the more Maddy became convinced she was making something out of nothing. The star and their wishes were just a game, something they did for fun–to pretend they had brighter futures and more hopeful paths.
She stood and started collecting the dishes. Grace followed suit and they quietly cleaned up the rest of dinner. After they said goodnight, Maddy flopped in a chair in the living room with a sigh.
Her mind flashed through pictures of her fiancé. Pictures of her drive back into Serenity Falls and the warning on the sign. Pictures of that night at the Falls. That horrible message she’d gotten in the guesthouse.
She leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Returning to Serenity Falls was bound to cause anxiety, that’s all. There were demons here that had nothing to do with superstition and stars, and Maddy knew she had to face them sometime.





Chapter 5

She angled the rearview mirror to check her hair. The wind from the drive over hadn’t pulled any hairs stray from her tight, sleek ponytail. Maddy examined the rest of her look. Did it say confident?
She gave a decisive nod. Sure it did.
Maddy hadn’t thought any more about the Wishing Star last night. Instead, she’d established a strategy. If she was going to be back in Serenity Falls permanently–or at least as permanently as she could fathom right now–she needed a purpose. She needed a place to live. And in order to get that, she needed a job.
Maddy slung her purse over her shoulder and marched along the sidewalk to Serendipity. She shielded her eyes from the sun and spotted Grace’s car parked at Moore’s Antiques. No, she’d get a job first and then tell Grace.
Inside Serendipity, soft music poured from speakers overhead, the same music she’d noticed the first time she’d come in. Maddy started for the counter and saw Elliot’s head peek around from one of the tall bookshelves.
“Maddy.” His full body came into view. At her surprise, he smiled. “Yeah, Riley told me your name. He was by this morning–coffee, black. Same thing everyday.”
Riley was talking about her? She watched Elliot move behind the counter and tried to remember why she was here instead of how sexy Riley had looked standing among the sunflowers at the house.
“Riley mentioned you were an old friend of Grace’s,” Elliot said. “Used to live here.”
“Briefly.”
“Right. So what can I do for you today?”
“May I have an application please?”
His eyes narrowed. “An application?”
She nodded. “You’re still hiring, right?”
“That’s right.” But he still didn’t move.
“Would you prefer a resume? I should have brought one–”
“No.” Elliot laughed. “No, I wouldn’t prefer a resume.” His brows rose. “Are you serious?”
“Very serious.”
“All right then. I hate applications,” Elliot told her, coming around the counter and leading her toward a table in the café. “So if you have time for an interview...”
She boosted herself onto a high stool at the round table. “I have plenty of time.”
Across from her, dressed in casual slacks and a collared shirt, Elliot didn’t look like he could be anyone’s boss. Besides how close in age they were, he was laid-back. She could handle that. Elliot could be a friend. It was Riley, with his laughing smile, that she was having trouble with. Was her heart really ready to be feeling these feelings again?
“I didn’t know you were looking for a job.”
“I didn’t either,” Maddy replied truthfully. “But I think I’ll be staying in town for awhile and...well, I need something. This seemed like a good fit.”
“Hmm. Staying in town for awhile? Like an extended visit?”
Maddy smiled, realizing how it sounded. “No. I am officially moved back.”
“Really?”
She took a deep breath and nodded. Saying out loud made it even more real. “Really.”
“Do you have any experience?”
“I read a lot,” Maddy told him and grinned. “I have a pretty good grasp on what’s popular in the market today. I’m good at customer service, so I would do well with recommendations to customers. I also worked at a coffee shop in college and just after for about...three years total.”
Elliot nodded. “That wasn’t long ago?” She shook her head. “So you wouldn’t need much training.”
“I hope not. I just need familiarize myself with the equipment and your menu.”
“Fortunately right now it’s not too extensive. I was thinking of expanding it soon but–that’s for another day.” He paused and tapped his fingers on the arm of his chair. “I’m pretty flexible with hours, but ideally, I’d like someone during the daytime. Monday through Friday because Paris said she can work weekends now, too. Saturdays. And Brian works weekends and most evenings as well.”
Maddy held out her hands agreeably. “Anytime is good. You’re the boss.”
“We’re off to a good start already.” Elliot laughed and reassurance followed swiftly at the warmth in his eyes. “I think you’d be great with the customers, so...when can you start?”
“Really?”
He nodded and stood. “The store could use someone like you and it would help me out having someone who could be here during the day. Consistently.”
“I can start right away.”
His sigh spoke of relief. “That’s good because I could really use the help. It would be great if you could come back later this afternoon for a little training and then maybe start officially–tomorrow?”
“Tomorrow’s good.”
They discussed pay and Maddy agreed with his offer. It felt good to have a task, and motivation to move on from her past.
“Good. Just fill out the top part so I have all the employment information for now.” He lifted his light gray eyes and gave her a smile. “We open at eight, so if you could be here around seven to prepare the café, that’d be great. And you’d be off by 3:30, or maybe a little closer to four then, because Paris gets here in the afternoon.”
“Sounds good.”
“You’ll be in the café for now. I think if you could do most of the work over there, that’d help.”
She nodded.
“Of course I’ll teach you the computer system and you can help out with the bookstore if needed...what else?” He looked at her, eyes narrowed in thought. “Dress is casual, but appropriate–I don’t think you’ll have a problem.”
“I agree.”
He smiled. “We can work out all the rest later.” Elliot paused. “What does Grace think about this?”
“I haven’t told her yet.” Her eyes strayed to the door when a customer slowed on the sidewalk and decided to come in.
Elliot grinned. “Won’t she be surprised?”
“That’s for sure.”
He switched to business mode when the customer walked by, offering help if it was needed.
“I’ll get out of your way,” Maddy told him.
He nodded. “After lunch okay?”
“I’ll be here.”
He held out his hand to shake hers. “Welcome to Serendipity, then. Only one more rule.”
“What’s that?”
“Don’t ever, ever, call the café a bistro.”
Maddy laughed and paused at the door. “That’s grounds for being fired, then?”
He nodded. “See ya.”
She waited for the door to close behind her before lifting her face to the sun and giving a wide smile. What better to make her feel like she belonged here than getting a job?
She decided to walk across the street to Moore’s Antiques and share her good mood. She paused at the corner to wait for a break in traffic. Baskets of clearance items sat outside the craft shop on the corner. The one closest to her read, “Independence stars, 60% off.”
Inside a large tin bucket were several dozen stars, all sizes and colors.
She let her hand hover over the bucket, daring to reach out and connect with that image from her past. She’d have to deal with this star thing–at least, deal with her concerns about it.
Maddy squeezed her eyes shut tight for several seconds, ground her teeth together to pull her back to reality. One thing at a time. The last car passed and Maddy crossed the street.
First a job, then a home.
~ ~ ~
Riley came to a stop at the curb directly in front of Grace’s one-story home. Wildflowers bowed on their long stems, guiding him in a haphazard path to her doorway. He frowned at the weeds. Grace usually kept up on those. But since Grandpa died…
Grace’s response to his entrance was a brief grunt she must have meant as a greeting.
“What are you looking at?” He paused next to her when she didn’t look up.
She held up a book, flashing the cover in his direction. He reached out to catch it before she flipped it open again. “Is that the book you brought from the guesthouse yesterday?”
Grace nodded. She pulled the book from his grasp and kept her eyes focused on the page.
“Interesting reading, I take it.”
“Very interesting.”
He glanced around. Maddy’s car hadn’t been out front. “Where’s Maddy?”
Though she kept her head down, Riley caught her smile. “Work.”
“Excuse me?”
This time she raised her eyes and a brow, indicating she’d rather not be interrupted. The phone rang and she gave it the same look she gave Riley, complete with a frustrated swipe at a stubborn hair that had fallen over her forehead. But she stood from the book to answer it. Her smile and warm hello made him curious who was on the other end.
She paced in his direction, caught his eye, and turned back around. Riley sighed. He’d wait.
Grace had said work, right? Maddy was at work? Last night she’d been unemployed. She’d only just returned. Last night, as far as he knew, she was only here for a visit. Ambitious little thing if she’d already managed to find and start a job.
And a bit of a mystery, too. What had happened yesterday at the guesthouse? What would it take to get Maddy to feel more comfortable around him?
Riley helped himself to a glass of water and opted to sit on the front porch, away from glaring eyes. The early evening sun hovered behind a spread of thin clouds, shadowing his spot on one of the Adirondack chairs. Wind chimes hung from the eave and tinkled with a soft breeze.
Every several minutes Riley heard Grace’s voice carry through one of the open windows, a musical rush of words that reminded him of his mother when she’d gotten excited. He tilted his glass and let the ice cubes clink against the side. Why was he thinking of their mom? They hadn’t seen her since they were kids.
The quiet rumble of a car’s engine caught his attention. A slow smile came across his lips when Maddy pulled to the curb behind his car.
When she stepped out, he slanted sideways in the chair to get a more direct look. Her soft brown waves were pulled into a tight ponytail, swishing back and forth across her shoulder blades. The brown slacks and short-sleeved teal sweater she wore were casual and comfortable–and gave him no idea at all where she’d found a job.
He shifted again when she looked at him, and stood with a nod as she approached.
Her brow furrowed. “Is Grace home?”
“She’s on the phone. I thought I’d give her some privacy.”
Her eyes flashed across his face. Then she dropped into the chair opposite the one he’d vacated. “Then I’ll keep you company out here if you don’t mind.”
“Not at all.” Riley seated himself again. He followed the swing of her foot after she’d crossed her legs and held in a smile. “Grace said something about you and work.”
Her cheeks tinted pink. “News travels fast.”
He gave an amused nod.
“I got a job at Serendipity.”
Riley leaned forward in his chair. “I didn’t know Elliot was hiring.”
“It wasn’t official yet.”
When he didn’t respond right away, Maddy’s soft chestnut eyes widened with curiosity. “What?” she asked. “That’s more than surprise.”
He laughed. “I am surprised. Grace said you were only coming to Serenity Falls for a visit.”
“She thought I was.” Maddy lowered her purse to the ground and her foot stopped swinging. “I thought I was at first.”
“So you’ll stay awhile?”
A hummingbird fluttered to the feeder at the edge of the porch, drawing her gaze. Extending the suspense. He wanted her to say yes.
“I’ll stay awhile.”
He leaned back in his chair, spying a flash of iridescent emerald green and deep scarlet before the hummingbird flew away. “That was quick work, finding a job so soon. Not what I thought you’d go for.”
Her mouth opened, as if in protest. “Not the kind of job you think I’d go for?”
“That came out wrong.”
She laughed. “Oh?”
He folded his arms across his chest and had to chuckle. Good job. What was he going to do next, insult her? “I like it,” he said after a moment. He gave a decided nod. “I get to see you every day on my way to work.”
Maddy glanced away, then to his amusement, turned back and looked him directly in the eye. Her cheeks gave her away again, even as she said, “You and your sister are quite a pair.”
He grinned. “I can see why you and Grace became friends so quickly–you balance her out. And that’s good news.”
“Good news?”
“Sure. If you can stay friends with Grace this long, then there’s hope for me.”
Maddy gave a slow smile, as if searching for more in what he’d said. It traveled all the way to her eyes, melting them like chocolate. “We’ll see about that.”
“I was going to stop by the youth center tomorrow night,” he said. “Would you like to come?”
“I’ve been wanting to go by there. I’d really like that.”
He knew the look of fondness in her eyes was reserved for the center alone, but it did his heart good knowing he’d be the one to take her there.
Grace leaned out the front door, stopping his next comment. “Kara said she’s going to try to make it out here by the end of the week.”
Maddy stood and Riley got up to hold to door for her. “Really?”
Grace nodded, though she looked serious. “Maddy,” she said, “I think you should look at this book.”
~ ~ ~
After Riley left, Maddy leaned against a counter in the kitchen and sipped a glass of ice water. Grace dropped the book with a thud on the counter next to her.
She recognized it immediately, everything from its thickness to the brittle pages and sturdy leather. The front cover read, Tribal Practices and Related Objects.
It sounded simple enough, but Maddy knew from the sneaky glances she’d taken at the contents when she was young that it wasn’t simple at all. The book was a veritable encyclopedia of tribal idols, methods of worship, religious practices and ancestral rituals. The only reason it had really interested her as a teenager was the fact that Grandpa Moore had deemed it off limits.
It, along with a crate full of additional books and curious items had arrived for Grandpa Moore at the antique store one hot, summer day, shortly before her birthday. The book still had a little of that forbidden fruit feel, making Maddy pause and meet Grace’s eyes.
“It’s in there,” Grace affirmed. She opened the book and began parting the pages. They crunched with age and lack of use. A musty smell greeted Maddy’s nose.
Whatever had intrigued her about the book so long ago returned. It drew her in, page after page until Grace reached the Wishing Star.
A sketched image of it graced the top of the page, just like she remembered. The base star was the widest, a medium sized star next, and the smallest star on top. All metal, they hooked smoothly together and in turn came apart with a simple twist.
One became three. Three pieces of metal, one for each of the girls.
Maddy’s eyes scanned the page, information that sounded vaguely familiar but also like a fairytale from her youth. A myth or a bedtime story.
“Just like you remember it?” Grace asked.
Maddy gave a slow nod, her gaze still glued to the page.
“All of it?”
Her eyes came up briefly.
Grace slowly turned the page. And, on the back, there was more.
“I don’t remember this,” Maddy murmured.
“I know.”
The first page about the Wishing Star read like an endorsement for the product, your wishes come true. But the second page...it was the red flag, the Attorney General warning, the consequences.
Maddy dragged her eyes away from the page.
“I wonder why we didn’t look at this before,” Grace said.
Maddy was unnerved by Grace’s seriousness. “Would it have mattered?”
Grace sighed, tapped her fingers on the counter for a good five seconds, then finally said, “I guess it wouldn’t.”
Maddy closed the book, shutting out the image of the star and the words, shutting out the idea that they had missed something important all those summers ago. “What’s wrong, Grace?”
Grace hefted herself onto the counter and rested her hands on her knees. “I can’t stop thinking about that star.”
“Me either.”
“Is that why you came back?”
Her mouth opened soundlessly. It sounded stupid but she started to nod, and then changed her mind and shook her head.
“Which is it?”
“It’s not the only reason I came back, but part of it.”
Grace’s blue eyes were thoughtful, hooded by heavy eyelids. “Do you think there’s more to it, then?”
Maddy hesitated. “More to...what?”
“The story. The star.”
The book lay heavily next to her, filled with Eastern lore and superstition, trinkets and baubles and myths. Who really believed in any of this? And even so, what did it matter? It was just a memory–and they’d only been kids.
She pushed away from the counter and refilled her glass with water. “It’s just a myth. And the book is just a book.”
“You’re right. That’s all it is.”
“And Grandpa Moore just kept the book because–”
“Because it’s a good addition for the store. It’s old–an antique.”
“Right,” Maddy agreed.
“There was something, though...” Grace’s eyes flicked to the book. Then she laughed. “I’m supposed to be the practical one here. It’s like breaking a mirror and buying into that whole seven years of bad luck thing.”
Maddy smiled and twirled a long piece of hair from her ponytail. “And anything bad that happens after that is part of the bad luck.”
“Exactly. Last time you were here was when we went up the Falls with the stars. And I guess now that you’re back...all of that is coming back, too.”
Maddy took Grace’s mind off the star by talking about Kara, and after an hour of reminiscing, she almost managed to forget the star, too.




Chapter 6

By the time he arrived at Serendipity, Riley had already been on the phone for forty-five minutes with several clients and set up viewings for two houses. He needed coffee before his day got even more hectic.
With one foot on the sidewalk, he heard his name being called from across the street. He spotted his old friend Nathan jogging across a break in traffic.
“Riley, hey–how’s it going?”
“Can’t complain. It’s going to be a busy day, though.”
Nathan nodded and looked to the café. “Still have time for coffee, right?”
“Always time for caffeine.”
Nathan followed Riley through the door, triggering a soft chime that announced their entry. They turned left, allured by the aroma of brewing coffee and baking bread. Just feet from the counter Riley caught his first glimpse of Maddy. Her thin frame was blanketed with an apron she’d folded at the bottom to help match her height. Her chestnut hair rested high in a bun, cheekbones flushed with the warmth of exercise and most likely the heat of the oven. Her brown eyes brightened when she saw him.
“Riley!” She glanced behind her and considered something. “The timing is a little off, but you can wait a few minutes right?”
“Wait for what?” he asked, unable to keep the smile from his voice.
“Coffee black, right?” He nodded. “Almost done brewing. And for your friend?” Her welcoming smile encompassed Nathan. “What’ll you have?”
Maddy’s enthusiasm was contagious, her unaffected warmth a far cry from the shy girl Grace had warned him about. Her charm was working on Nathan, too. He returned her smile. “What would you recommend?”
“Let’s see...caramel latte? I’m really good at making those.”
“Sounds good.”
She worked the cash register like a pro and told them she’d deliver their drinks when they were ready. Riley led the way to a tiny table next to the terrace. The French doors stood wide open, allowing the warm breeze of morning air to billow its way inside. Summer held on with a vengeance.
“She knows how you like your coffee,” Nathan commented, crossing one ankle over the other knee. He folded his arms across his chest.
“Isn’t that something?”
Nathan’s hazel eyes followed her as she glided across the kitchen and finished with their order. “How do you know her?”
“She’s my sister’s friend.”
“Your sister. Right. Grace.”
Riley nodded, impressed Nathan had remembered. Grace was a whole four years younger and they hadn’t spent much time with each other’s friends. Just here and there at the youth center.
Maddy approached with two colorful mugs and placed them gently on the table.
“Thanks.” Riley slid his mug in front of him. “Maddy, this is Nathan.”
She smiled. “Nice to meet you. Are you the Nathan who just moved into one of those pretty houses up the hill on the other side of town?”
“That’d be me. News travels fast.”
“Funny.” She glanced at Riley. “I was just telling Riley the same thing yesterday.”
Riley scanned her face, noticing Maddy’s eyes were rimmed subtly with red. Tired? Maybe she hadn’t slept well the night before. It brought to mind Grace’s look yesterday. Concerned–exhausted. Unsure.
Usually it had something to do with the store but she’d been looking at that book when he came over…Is that what she’d talked about with Maddy after he left? What was up with a simple book? It had to be something else.
He’d ask Grace about it later.
Maddy excused herself to continue with work. He watched her move across the café, footsteps quick and smooth. Riley shifted in his seat and turned back to Nathan.
A knowing smile lifted the corners of his friend’s mouth. “Should I change the subject or do you want to talk about it?”
Riley laughed. It had been the same way in high school. Nathan was an observer and he usually seemed to know exactly what Riley was thinking.
“Different topic,” Riley finally said. He wasn’t sure what to make of Maddy, only that she drew him in. But it had been less than two years since she’d lost her fiancé. If she wasn’t ready to move on, he could be her friend, but it didn’t stop him from wanting more.
Nathan shrugged good-naturedly and took a sip of his latte. Eyebrows raised, he said, “It’s good.”
And just like that, they moved on.
“It was thinking...barbecue at my house,” Nathan said.
“When?”
“Sunday. Invite your sister. And Maddy, of course.”
Riley nodded. “Will do.”
~ ~ ~
Shortly before Paris arrived, Maddy had cleaned the kitchen, stocked the display cases, balanced the drawer and, in a few moments of quietness, started another pot of coffee. Her feet ached in her comfortable sneakers. But she leaned against the counter and smiled. She’d made it through her first day.
Elliot introduced her to Paris when she arrived. Maddy got her first look at the 19-year-old. Long and thin, blonde hair pulled high in a tight ponytail. She had on dark pants and a pink T-shirt. Dimples on both cheeks when she smiled, which she did a lot. Maddy liked her right away.
“Elliot told me he’d hired someone–look at the kitchen, it’s so clean!”
Elliot laughed. “Maddy’s a fast learner.”
“Looks like,” Paris replied.
“Thanks for the instructions,” Maddy said. She’d realized why Elliot was so attached to Paris. She knew what she was doing. And more, she did it well. To make Maddy’s first day easier, Paris had labeled the pastries and cooking times on those placed in the freezer, labeled the cabinets where things went, set aside coffee beans for each maker and written, “Good Luck!” on the cash register. All from a girl she’d never met.
Paris nodded, walking behind the counter. She promptly turned to Elliot. “Oh, I like her. Look how nice everything is. And clean.”
Maddy chuckled as Elliot turned laughing eyes in her direction. “Don’t mind her,” he said, “she’s just been deprived.”
“Of what?”
“Of someone who knows what they’re doing. And she’s probably grateful I don’t have to get back there and help anymore.”
“No offense,” Paris called out to him, “but that’s totally true!”
“I acted like I knew what I was doing but mostly I just made messes. No offense taken.”
Paris peeked around the corner briefly, dimples winking. “Good.”
Maddy removed her apron. She hung it on a peg at the far wall and collected her purse.
“You did great today,” Elliot told her. “We’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Thanks.”
Paris called out a muffled goodbye, already busy at work in the kitchen.
Maddy gave Elliot a wave and exited the store. She stopped on the sidewalk and debated. Riley wouldn’t pick her up for another two hours. Across the street, a flower shop sat sandwiched between a gift store and an ice cream parlor. She watched for a break in traffic, then jogged across the street, forgetting the dull throbbing of her tired feet.
A stunning arrangement of vivid mums lined the sidewalk. Metal shelving and hanging pots displayed an array of colors and sizes. Grace could use some of these on her front porch.
Maddy entered the store and browsed for several minutes. There was a happy compromise of indoor and outdoor plants. Annuals and perennials. Sun and shade options. A section of colorful garden decorations charmed her and she was caught by the sound of twinkling wind chimes. She’d gotten something similar from David on their second date.
Maddy missed having a place to grow plants and flowers, to customize her own style and preference. She loved seeing things grow and knowing it was her work that made it flourish. David had understood that about her right away. He’d brought her flowers for the balcony of her tiny apartment and watched her plant them the same day.
She sighed. She couldn’t live with Grace forever. Serenity Falls wouldn’t truly be home again until she had a place of her own. Maybe she could ask Riley if he knew of something inexpensive for rent.
Running her fingers over a colorful porcelain pot, she gave in. She picked up one decorated with fall leaves, the color of burnt ember and auburn fading into a chocolate background. And the other two were simple burgundy pots she planned to accent with bright yellow blooms.
She loaded up with a sack of potting soil and dozens of colorful, healthy mums. If she had time, she’d plant them before Riley came this evening.
When Maddy finally got to Grace’s, she was alone. She changed into a dark pair of jeans and a simple sleeveless shirt the color of aquamarine. She chose the backyard, minus the glare of the warm sun to do the planting.
In the cool shade of the tiny yard, she sank to her knees at the edge of the porch. She drove her hands into the cool soil and started scooping it into the pots. The simple task took her back to the youth center, after she’d gotten to know Grace and Kara and visited every day her dad would let her. The more she got to know Grandpa Moore and her new friends, the more she believed that one day her life would be different. And she’d believed other things, too. She’d believed in the Wishing Star.
“Now that’s a nice picture.”
Maddy jerked back. The pot she’d pulled her hands from wobbled and soil dropped from her hands. Riley stood, back against the rear door of the house, hands in his pockets. Shoulders relaxed, he looked like he’d been standing there for some time.
She stood quickly and took a swipe with the back of her hand against her cheek, sure she’d smudged it with dirt somewhere along the way.
“You have a habit of doing that,” she told him evenly, trying to still her heart.
He pushed away from the door and strolled casually to meet her by the flowers. “Doing what?”
“Just showing up out of nowhere. Unannounced,” she added. Maddy straightened her shoulders, checked her watch and narrowed her eyes on him. “You’re early.”
“I know. I didn’t want to wait.”
Maddy blamed the warmth in her cheeks on the hot afternoon sun.
“If I had known you were coming, I wouldn’t have gotten myself covered in dirt.”
Riley’s blue eyes squinted with a smile. “You look cute.”
She started to fold her hands, remembered they were covered in dirt and forced them to her sides again, her throat dry. She wasn’t supposed to be cute, she was supposed to be nice. His sister’s nice friend. But did she really want to be friends with Riley? Only friends? What if he wanted something more?
“Don’t stop on my account.”
Maddy blew out a quiet breath. She shrugged and knelt down again. Working was better. It kept her hands steady. Maybe she should cancel the evening, tell him she was tired from a long day at work.
But she really wanted to visit the youth center. And visiting it with Riley…that might make the experience better.
“Can I help?”
Hands in the burgundy pot once more, Maddy gestured with her elbow. “That one’s for Grace. You can put it on the front porch if you want.”
Riley lifted the pot and disappeared from the backyard. She lowered herself to the ground with a thud. Her heart thumped with possibility. She tilted her head up, letting her eyes wander across a puff of clouds. It had been almost two years since David’s death. Was she ready for something new? 
She’d thought she was going to be with David forever. What if something happened? If it didn’t work out, or the person she fell in love with got hurt again? She couldn’t stand to lose someone else.
Maddy gave a quiet sniffle and patted the soil around the mums. A thick mass of mustard yellow petals danced to different heights in perfect contrast to the burgundy porcelain. They would make a charming addition to the terrace at the café. Flowers were always a good idea.
She heard Riley’s approaching footsteps and stood. Dusting off her hands, she nodded at him. “All done.”
He admired the pots a moment, hands resting loosely on his hips. He’d dressed the most casual she’d ever seen him, with jeans and a T-shirt. She hardly noticed when he looked at her face again, eyes narrowed. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” she said automatically. She took another swipe at her cheek.
“Really?” His voice was almost gentle enough to cause Maddy to break down. “We don’t have to go tonight.”
“No, really, I want to. Please.”
“The flowers look nice.” He offered a soothing smile. “We can go whenever you’re ready.”
Maddy nodded. “Just let me wash my hands.”





Chapter 7

Maddy rolled down the window in Riley’s SUV, closing her eyes briefly as a warm breeze blew her hair. The afternoon was beautiful with the mass of trees all thick and leafy lining both sides of the street they drove on.
She’d driven down this very road the day she had left Serenity Falls nine years ago.
With a scholarship to a university 120 miles away and the knowledge she’d never have to see her father again, she’d said goodbye to Grace and gone. By then, the oldest of the three, Kara, had already made her break for freedom and left Serenity Falls two weeks before. Maddy packed her bags while her father was gone, at the bar she figured, and took out on her own. A bittersweet trek in the light of a beautiful dawn, down this very road.
“Brings back memories?” Riley asked.
Maddy turned her attention away from the window and focused on Riley, silent for a moment. His strong hands loosely gripped the steering wheel. Much more at ease than she felt.
“What?” he asked.
“Yes, it brings back memories. I was just thinking that this is the same road I went down when I left Serenity Falls for college.”
“Grace said you graduated early and got a scholarship.”
“I did. I guess…well, I was eager to get out of here.”
He kept his eyes on the road and didn’t respond.
“Well, not exactly out of here,” Maddy amended, watching the trees again. The wind jerked her hair in front of her face and she pulled it to the side, holding it still with her hand. “I liked living here, even though it was only for about two years. Mostly I was just eager to get away from home.”
Understanding flashed in Riley’s eyes when he ventured a look in her direction.
But her gaze returned to the display outside the window. Homes and fences passed by, trees fluttered and swayed in the breeze. Why had she said that? It didn’t matter, it was a long time ago. What was it about Riley that made her want to open up about her past?
“Did you ever see your dad again after you left?”
Her fingers tightened on the armrest. “No.” Maddy took a deep, quiet breath. “No, I didn’t. He was in jail for two years and then died from liver disease.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I couldn’t be.” Maddy gave a hollow laugh. She focused on his hands again, the slide of his palms as he turned the wheel, and the strong muscles in his forearms. “That sounded really harsh. I was upset over his death. I just meant that I can’t be sorry that things went the way they did for us. We basically had no relationship, and I have to believe that after I left, our relationship was how it was supposed to be.” She swallowed. “I have to.”
“It’s not healthy to live in regret. You both had a path to choose and you did what you could.”
She studied his profile, emotion churning in her chest. “That’s a nice thing to say.”
Especially because she still felt bad she hadn’t come back to visit him when he’d been in the hospital. She just hadn’t been strong enough. And she’d already been with David then, happy in the safety of her new life without her father and his abuse.
Riley flicked on his blinker. The youth center sat at the end of the road, buried in the trees. He turned off the car and his eyes held hers for a long moment. She couldn’t read what hid in the depths there, but she immediately felt exposed. Why was she talking to him about her father?
“I’m sorry. Terrible topic of conversation–”
“Maddy.” Riley shifted in his seat to face her. “Don’t be sorry. You can say whatever you want to me. Sometimes the only thing that helps is talking about it. Besides, I’m a good listener.”
He was. Too good because she didn’t talk to anyone but Grace and Kara about her father.
Riley’s hand found hers, giving her fingers a squeeze. She froze, heart thumping, until he nodded his head toward the youth center. “Come on. Let’s check it out.”
Maddy climbed out of his car, breathing in deep. When she looked at Riley again, after the emotions had settled, she saw the carefree smile of a man she could one day maybe confide in again.
~ ~ ~
Riley led Maddy into the worn-out entrance of the youth center, determined to keep the situation light and keep his hands to himself. For the most part.
“It feels so different.” Maddy paused inside the door at the stairs. Her rested on the banister, delicate fingers gripping the wood. “It’s still familiar, but it feels different.”
“Adults don’t see things the same way kids do.”
“You’re right.” She angled her head in his direction, a curl of mahogany hair brushing her cheek. “I think part of it’s because Grandpa Moore isn’t here.”
“I know. The place itself didn’t change right away when he died, but you’re right–it felt different. It feels different now.”
The first floor appeared empty except for he and Maddy. Footsteps moved upstairs but he figured most of the kids had either gone home for the night or had never come in the first place. It wasn’t like this when his grandfather was here. There wasn’t someone around for the kids to talk to. Nowadays, they were usually at the movie theater or the mall. Some of them took the bus to the city. The youth center didn’t have much to offer them anymore.
“How often do you come here?” Maddy asked Riley as they passed the stairs.
Riley lifted one shoulder in a casual shrug. “At least once a week, sometimes more. I‘ve been helping Mike with some of the repairs lately–you know, old building.”
“Mike?” Her eyes scanned a dozen or more pictures that spanned the length of the hallway under the stairs.
“He’s owns the land and the building. He’s tried to keep the place going, but he’s got another business so he doesn’t have much time. If things hadn’t happened so quickly I might have–”
He broke off. Maddy looked at him, curious.
“It doesn’t matter,” he continued. “Just things I would’ve liked to have done differently.”
Like help out more with the youth center. Like try to keep it going. Somehow. He hated the idea that the youth center had gone downhill so quickly after his grandfather’s death. Maddy didn’t pursue the topic and he tossed an easy smile in her direction, giving her a gentle nudge with his elbow.
It was innocent enough. As much as she could deal with right now. But maybe, when she got to know him better, there could be more.
The building held two floors of rooms, most of which had ceased to serve any real function other than taking up space. There had once been a room full of books. Now it held only a small shelf of paperbacks and two very old chairs. A ping pong table and foosball table still stood in the center of the corner room on the main floor, though they had seen better days. Riley knew they were the same ones from his youth.
Because his grandfather had practically raised him and Grace, he’d spent more days than not at the youth center. And Grace as well. It meant a lot to him to keep it going the way Grandpa had tried to.
His grandfather wanted a place for fellowship. For teens who had nowhere else to go, who needed a positive environment and couldn’t get it at home. Teenagers like Kara and Maddy had been.
“It’s changed,” Maddy murmured, following him into the kitchen on the main floor. Her voice was thick, and he reached out, fingers brushing the back of her shirt.
The door from the outside opened and a young girl came in, pausing in front of him and Maddy with a wave. “Hey, Riley.”
He returned her greeting and put his hands in his pockets. “Maddy’s a friend of Grace’s. She knew Grandpa Moore.”
The girls’ face lit. “I’m Tracy. We really miss Grandpa Moore around here.”
Maddy nodded. “I miss him too.”
“Mike’s around here somewhere,” Tracy told Riley. “He said he wants to talk to you.”
He turned to Maddy. “Would you like to look upstairs?”
“I don’t want to get in your way, Riley. I can go up there by myself.”
“I’ll find him along the way,” Riley assured her, taking her arm and turning her back toward the stairs. “I wanted to talk to him about setting up a fundraiser for the youth center.”
Her eyes lit. “Really? You’d do that?”
Riley smiled, warmed by her interest. He gave her elbow a squeeze. “Really.”
“The center means a lot to you, doesn’t it?”
“As much as it means to you and Grace.”
He led the way upstairs, and, passing by Mike’s office and not seeing him inside, followed Maddy to the balcony off the media center. Large sliding glass doors opened to a cozy deck, adorned with two chairs and a round plastic table between them that was missing half a leg. Riley had propped it up with a brick until they could get newer furniture.
The flower pots, save for a wilting plant in the corner, were empty. He watched Maddy take this in with a passing glance, then lean casually on the rail. The view extended over the parking lot and Riley spotted Mike standing by the building with a kid he’d seen before. He cast the man a wave and got a beckoning hand in return.
“I think I’ll stay out here for a few minutes,” Maddy told him.
Riley nodded. “All right. I’ll be back.”
He closed the sliding door, watching her for an additional moment before turning to find Mike.
~ ~ ~
Maddy released a heavy breath and sat in one of the plastic chairs. The flowerpots were empty, the rest of the place was mostly empty and torn up. Riley was too enthusiastic. She couldn’t be as encouraged as he could at how the youth center had turned out.
This place was only a vague shadow of what Grandpa Moore had worked so hard to develop. How could an environment like this help anyone when they had no real reason to come in the first place?
A gust of wind swept across the porch, and a quiet tinkle caught her attention. Brows furrowed, Maddy tilted her head upward. A flicker of light flashed by her eyes and she stood halfway from the plastic seat. Tucked up under the eave, she saw a wind chime.
It flickered in the sunlight, a reflection off what appeared to be three pieces of metal. Three…stars.
Her mouth opened instinctively, torn between surprise and irritation. Stars again?
“Madison…”
Her head jerked in the opposite direction. Her name–she’d thought she heard her name.  Just a soft whisper on the wind, but…
She moved away from the chair and leaned against the balcony rail again. Movement caught her eye. Out beyond the parking lot, in the midst of the trees, there was something.
“Madison.”
Her heart stumbled. She’d heard her name. She whipped around to the sliding glass door. Nothing. And the parking lot. There was no one there.
Her gaze traveled past the tinkling wind chimes and out to the trees again, heart hammering in her chest.
Leaves rustled, the shadow of a cloud passed over the sun, and a man stepped out from behind a tall tree. He stood stock still, a piercing gaze meeting hers, terrifying her even from that distance.
Her father.




Chapter 8

“Maddy?”
“No.”
She whipped her hands off the rail and stepped back.
This can’t be happening, he’s dead, he’s–
“Maddy?”
She stumbled on a chair as she retreated. Her back hit the door and she pressed her hands to the surface. Riley’s face moved into her line of vision.
“Riley?”
“Madison–” He reached for her.
“Don’t call me that,” she snapped, eyes jerking to his. She pulled away from him. “My dad called me that–”
“I’m sorry, just wait a minute.”
She squeezed her eyes shut tight. Calm down, it’s just Riley. There’s no one else but Riley. When she opened her eyes again, Riley stood still in front of her. His aqua eyes searched for more than just an assurance she was okay. Tension lingered at the edges of his mouth.
She moved around him and looked out over the rail, pulse still racing. A small patch of trees had already begun to turn yellow, drawing her gaze directly to where she’d seen the figure. Peaceful. Two squirrels chased each other up the tree and a few leaves drifted toward the ground. No one was there.
“Maddy?” Just a feather light touch of his fingertips against her shoulder.
“Riley…” she began, mind whirling from disbelief. She eased around to face him and lifted one hand to her mouth. “I’m sorry…”
“Are you okay? What happened?”
She swallowed hard. “I thought I saw…” What? Her father? That was impossible. She swallowed again, forcing a smile. “I’m fine. Did you find Mike?”
“I did.”
The sun neared the horizon, making the metal stars burn with an orange glow. What if these stars, the stars from ten years ago, had something to do with seeing her father?
And the sign when she drove into Serenity Falls. And that horrible message on her phone.
The idea of it caused panic in her stomach. She reached for the door, hand locking around the handle. “It’s getting late.”
“Maddy.”
She smiled at him again. Pushed through the embarrassment and worry. “Ready?”
To her relief, he only nodded, and didn’t say anything when she went straight to the car so they could leave.
~ ~ ~
During the rest of the week, Riley had showings in town and in neighboring towns, which meant too much time in the car and too much time thinking.
More than one thing that happened at the youth center earlier in the week set him on this course. His conversation with Mike weighed on him, a heavy stone that nudged at his heart every time he considered it. Maddy’s episode on the balcony downright baffled him. And he felt like he couldn’t do anything about either.
On his way back into town from another showing, he stopped by Moore’s Antiques to see Grace. The store resonated with silence. Only one patron browsed the shop, taking interest in the floor globe he spun as if looking for a specific country.
“Hey.” He spotted Grace behind the counter and reached out to tousle her hair. More for a sense of normality than to annoy her.
She frowned and slapped his hand away like usual. “What are you doing here?”
“Nice to see you, too.”
“I’m about to close up in fifteen minutes. You come to help?”
“Do you need help?”
He came around to the other side of the counter and nudged her aside. She reached to grab the book she’d been looking at off the counter.
“What’s that?” he asked, grinning.
“Nothing–Riley!”
He blocked her with his body and snatched the book away before she could grab it. The top of her head didn’t even reach his chin. He only had to lift his arm.
“Reading on the job, I see.”
“Riley–”
He lowered his arm and narrowed his gaze on the page, smile dipping quickly into a frown. “The Wishing Star? What’s that?”
Grace crossed her arms. “Nothing. I was just doing some reading. I already finished adding the receipts and I was kind of bored.”
“I don’t believe you,” Riley challenged.
“Believe what you want.”
Grace bid the costumer a good evening and walked to the front door with the key.
His eyes scanned the page, then he closed it halfway to get a look at the front of the book. “Is this the book you and Maddy got from the guesthouse?”
Her voice came at him partially muffled. “One of them.”
“Is this what you were looking at earlier this week?”
“I don’t know, I can’t remember.”
“I think you can.”
“Riley.” Grace pocketed the key and returned to the counter. Her steady, almost defiant gaze, met his.
He straightened. “What?”
“Something else is going on,” she guessed. “With you.”
He watched as she fiddled with the pens on the counter, returning them all to a jeweled holder that had been there since their grandfather had opened the place. How did this conversation get turned back on him?
“I think…” he began, still debating as he spoke “…maybe I’m just tired. Maybe you’re tired. It’s been a long week for everyone.”
“It has,” she agreed.
“How’s Maddy doing?”
“She’s been quiet. And busy. Work every day. I’ve seen her a few times for dinner.” Grace shrugged and met his eyes. “I’ve been busy, too.”
“And distracted.”
She put her hands on her hips.
He tapped the book. “This is what you were looking at earlier this week. Distracted enough by it, you barely noticed I was there.”
Grace sighed. She straightened more items near the counter and then made her way across the dark carpet into the other room. She paused in front of the armoire, pushed the doors closed all the way and moved on.
“I keep having dreams,” she said.
He dropped the book on the counter and wandered in the direction of her voice. “Dreams about what?”
“About that star.”
“From the book?”
She glanced over. Nodded.
“That’s strange. Did you read the book when you were younger or something?”
“Or something.”
Riley crossed his arms and leaned against the frame of the wall that separated the two rooms.
“They started before Maddy came back. But since then…I’ve had a lot more.”
“You think it has something to do with Maddy?”
Without hesitation, Grace replied, “I know it has something to do with Maddy.”
He watched as she went back to the counter. Her finger jabbed at the buttons on the phone, changing it over to the answering machine.
“They’re just dreams, though, right?” Grace shook her head and shifted more items.
Riley stood opposite her at the counter again, resting his forearms on the cool surface. “Grace?”
“Yeah?”
He reached out for her arm. “Grace.”
“What?” Her blue eyes flicked up to his.
“There’s more to the story.”
Again, she sighed. “I don’t know. It could just be a dream–dreams.”
“And if it’s not?”
“Then I don’t know what to think.”
She busied herself again and Riley stood back. “I think you need to decompress.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning you seem stressed.”
“You seem stressed.”
Riley laughed. “Maybe. So you’d better come on Sunday, then.”
“Sunday? What’s Sunday?”
Riley gave her a serious look. Her smirk was almost, but not quite hidden, as she turned for her purse. “Oh, right. The barbecue. At the mansion.”
“Funny,” he commented. He followed her toward the door. “Maddy’s coming. It’ll be good company.”
“We’ll see.”
Amused, Riley watched as Grace pulled her key out again. He needed to decompress, too. And if Maddy planned on coming, he thought he might be able to get his mind off the youth center for a bit.
~ ~ ~
Maddy followed Grace to the front door of her home, plastic bags draped over both arms.
“We got way too much stuff,” she said. One of the bags split in two and sagged to the floor, spilling the contents just inside the doorway.
On a whim, they’d opted for a pizza party, and were now loaded down with bags of pepperonis and mushrooms and dough–and near a dozen other toppings. They’d also splurged on chocolate, which was a necessity.
“Way too much,” Grace agreed. She spotted the M&M’s they’d bought and retrieved them from the items on the floor. Then she scooped up what she could and made her way to the kitchen.
Still chuckling, Maddy used her foot to roll the container of pizza sauce. She hefted the groceries onto a counter, then withdrew a bowl from the cupboard. The M&M’s clinked against the glass as Grace poured them in.
The doorbell sounded and Grace looked up, her eyebrows raising.
Maddy’s mouth dropped open. “Why are you looking at me? I didn’t invite anyone over.”
Grace smirked. “That wouldn’t stop Riley.”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?” she asked, even as warmth crept into her cheeks. Even as her heart picked up speed at the thought of seeing him without any warning.
Maddy went after Grace, making a small leap over a bag of shredded cheese. Bowl still in hand, she followed Grace to the front door and Grace pulled it open.
“Kara!”
Maddy was the first to reach forward and give her a hug. “I thought you weren’t coming until tomorrow.”
Kara shrugged, waving the comment away with a whip of her hand.
“Excellent welcome,” she said, dipping into the bowl of candy. “But I like the ones with the nuts.”
Grace rolled her eyes at Maddy and shut the door behind Kara.
Kara dumped her jacket and purse unceremoniously on a chair in the living room and stepped her heeled foot high over the bag of cheese to make her way into the kitchen. She indulged in another handful of M&M’s and plopped down at the kitchen table, grinning at Maddy.
“You cut your hair,” Grace commented. “Again.”
Kara flicked the ends. “Like it?”
“It makes you look older.”
Maddy snickered, but said, “I think she meant more distinguished.”
Grace started putting away the groceries. “Sure, that’s what I meant.”
Maddy helped Grace, listening to Kara’s rendition of an angry passenger aboard her flight and feeling like she’d gone back in time ten years. Except now they were all grown.
 Kara was taller, sleek in dark jeans, a designer shirt and heels. Her auburn hair reached to her shoulders, iron-straight with bangs that cut across her forehead. She had always been so put together and sure of herself.
And Grace. Only six months older than her, but so much more grown up than Maddy had ever been. Short, sophisticated haircut, no nonsense, just like Grace. Though she was barely over five foot, her personality was larger than life. Why had it taken her so long to come back?
“Are we making pizza?” Kara asked, rising in her seat.
Grace pulled a pizza stone from next to the oven. “Yep.”
“Mushrooms?”
Maddy grinned at her. “Of course.”
Kara rubbed her hands together with a mischievous look. “Just like old times. Except this time the drinking is legal.”
“On it,” Maddy said, grabbing a bottle of wine from the counter and opening it. When she’d poured three glasses, she joined Kara at the table.
“So are we going to talk about why we’re all here?” Kara asked.
Grace turned from the refrigerator. “You mean Grandpa?”
Kara shook her head.
“She means what Riley had to tell us.”
“No, that’s not what I meant.” Kara propped her arms on the table, fingers tapping the base of her wine glass.
Indulging her, Grace put her hands on her hips and asked, “Then why are we here, Kara?”
“Because of the Wishing Star.”






Chapter 9

Maddy’s hand froze on the table. Grace’s mouth opened in surprise.
“What?” Kara asked. She picked up her wine and took a long swallow. “I figured you would have heard about my new book by now.”
“Your book,” Maddy said, remembering suddenly what Elliot had told her the first day she’d been back in Serenity Falls. She remembered to breathe then, too. Just a book.
“Of course my book.” Kara brushed her hair off her shoulder. “What did you think I meant?”
“You’re writing a book about the Wishing Star?” Grace aimed a wary look in Maddy’s direction.
Kara nodded. “Appropriately titled Wishing Star, of course.”
“Why?”
“What’s the matter, Grace?” Kara said. “It’s just a book.”
“But why did you decide to write it?”
Kara gave her a look that bordered on bewilderment and then turned that look to Maddy. Taking another sip of wine, she leaned back in her seat. “I just...” She waved her hand vaguely. “I just kept thinking about it. I was going to let you read it first–before it’s published. That’s partly why I came. I wanted you to know about it.”
“You kept thinking about it?”
Kara frowned. “This isn’t that big of a deal. And I thought we were going to make pizza.”
Maddy looked to Grace, who finally shrugged. They got to work on the pizzas, slipping into their lifelong personas with as much ease as they’d all become friends. An antique store owner, well-known novelist, and a coffee shop employee. Quite a mix.
Attaining a permanent career had never been a desire for Maddy. She’d gone to college to get away from her father. But all she really wanted in life was to make a difference in a quiet and unassuming way. If she could do that with a family of her own and a simple job, that suited her fine.
Or maybe at the youth center.
The idea passed through her mind like an afterthought, but didn’t go away. She jerked her head up when Grace nudged her elbow. “What?”
Grace held out the envelope with Kara’s key. The house. Maddy had nearly forgotten.
“What are you guys whispering about over there?” Kara asked. She’d already bitten into a slice of pizza.
“Tell her,” Maddy suggested. She ripped paper towels off the holder for napkins.
Grace dropped the envelope next to Kara’s plate.
Kara’s green eyes lit. “Presents?” She ripped the envelope and dropped the key into her palm. She frowned. “A key to your house? ’Cause after tonight I was planning on staying at the hotel–”
“It’s not a key to my house,” Grace said.
Kara looked over at Maddy. “Don’t tell me you got a place around here.”
“Kara, you’re so tactful.”
“How am I supposed to know?” She bit into her pizza again. And then, around a mouthful, she added, “You guys are acting strange–”
“It’s to our house,” Grace said.
Kara continued to chew, brow furrowed slightly.
“A house Grandpa Moore left to us,” Maddy said.
“What?”
Grace pulled out her own key and set it on the table. “Grandpa Moore bought a house in Serenity Falls. And he decided to leave it to us.”
“You and me us?” Kara asked.
“All three of us,” Maddy told her, producing her key as well.
Kara sat back, setting her key next to Grace’s. Her chewing slowed and several moments of silence passed before she raised a brow. “So the plot thickens.”
~ ~ ~
“That’s your sister, right?” Nathan asked, gesturing to Grace’s car.
Riley followed the motion. He nodded.
“She looks different.”
Riley chuckled. She did. She’d inherited her grandmother’s height, or lack thereof, but virtually nothing else was the same as that young, awkward girl Nathan had met when they were kids. Her hair was shorter, layered in soft waves, and if her personality hadn’t been so witty and sharp, he’d wonder if she were related to him at all. That and the blue eyes, though hers were lighter and wider just like their mother’s.
They stood in the wide circle drive outside Nathan’s new hillside home, just behind Riley’s car. After Grace and Maddy got out, they saw another woman Riley vaguely remembered.
“Who’s that?” Nathan asked.
“I think that’s Kara.”
He’d seen a recent photo of her. City girl, Grace always said. Here in person, she looked...glamorous. If that was the word for it. Hip and confident and very tall.
“Interesting group.”
Riley glanced at Nathan and grinned. He was right. All three, walking side-by-side, were an intriguing sight. Kara tall and confident, Grace slight and sophisticated, and Maddy evening out the group with her buoyant step and radiant smile. “It’s the first time they’ve all been back together in Serenity Falls since they were teenagers.”
Nathan raised his brows. “They’re close, though?”
“They have been ever since they met at the youth center.”
Nathan shielded his brown eyes from the sun. “That’s right, the youth center. We used to go there sometimes and I remember Grace was over there a lot. Do you still stop by that place?”
“I doubt I will for much longer.”
“Why’s that?”
Riley looked over and felt that same twist in his gut as when he’d discovered the news. “It’s closing at the end of next month.”
“No kidding.”
“Don’t say anything, though,” Riley cautioned as the women approached. “I haven’t told Grace yet.”
He pushed himself away from the car and they went through introductions. To his relief, Grace behaved herself around Nathan, not once commenting on the size of his new house or where it was located even though she was against all the new growth in Serenity Falls.
“I thought she wasn’t coming until later today,” he said.
Grace glanced at Kara and smirked. “If she ever did anything completely predictable I’d probably die of shock.”
Riley laughed out loud, then caught Maddy’s eye and smiled at her. She waited as the others walked toward the house.
“Mind if we talk for a minute?” she asked.
He tipped his head down to meet her eyes, hands itching to draw her closer. To lean in and catch a whiff of her shampoo. “No problem.”
He waved the rest of the group on, with Grace’s curious eyes flashing back at them more than once before she entered Nathan’s home.
Maddy’s fingers twisted together and he took a casual lean against the car, trying to set her at ease. Was she planning on telling him about what happened at the youth center?
“Glad to have Kara here?” he asked when she didn’t say anything.
Her smile was one of the nicest things he’d seen all morning. “It is. Grace convinced her to stay over and we made pizza and listened to her stories about rude people on the airplane and her near-death experience.”
“Near-death experience?”
Maddy’s laugh rang like the tinkle of chimes. “She always thinks something’s going to happen on the plane. Kara loves to exaggerate.”
He chuckled. A handful of yellow leaves on a nearby tree fluttered in the breeze, a few strays falling to the gravel drive.
“I wanted to ask you something, Riley.”
“Sure.”
“I don’t know if you ever hear of rentals around the area when you’re working, but if you do...”
Surprise hit him first, then confusion. She wanted to move already? Already prepared to settle down? “You’re looking for a place to rent?”
She nodded. “I’m going to be living here now, Riley. Permanently.”
The spurt of happiness he felt at those words warred with concern. Riley glanced toward the house.
“I do come across rentals here and there,” he began, “but I’m sure Grace wouldn’t mind if you stayed at her place for awhile.”
Maddy gave another of her sweet smiles. “I’m sure she wouldn’t.”
“But you’re ready to find your own place,” he concluded. It was the least he could do to help her. To make the transition easier.
“I think I am.”
He’d thought she was going to tell him about the youth center, to tell him about what had scared her so much on the balcony. It wasn’t any of his business, but he wanted to say something anyway.
Instead, he decided to confide in her about the youth center.
~ ~ ~
He didn’t look like he wanted to help her. He looked concerned–like he had that evening at the youth center.
There was no way she could tell him what had happened. It made her sound crazy or at the very least overly stressed. Returning to the same town she’d lived in with her father after her fiancé’s death was enough to do that–so how would her friends believe her?
Not to mention that there was no way her father could have been outside the youth center. Her father was dead. She’d seen the death certificate. She hadn’t gone to the funeral or visited the grave–she hadn’t been able to go there–but she knew he was dead.
No, she couldn’t tell Riley what had happened.
“It’s okay,” she said softly after a long silence. “You don’t have to look if you don’t want to.”
His fingers connected with her arm. “No, it’s not that.”
“What’s wrong?”
Riley looked to the house while warmth from his hand sent swirls across her forearm. “I was kind of hoping you’d stay with Grace for just a little longer.”
She smiled. “I wasn’t planning on moving right away.”
His expression remained serious. “The youth center is closing.”
“Closing?” A swift arrow of shock pierced her heart.
“Shutting down. Next month.”
“Riley.” Maddy cleared her throat. “Does Grace know?”
“Not yet.”
“You found out earlier this week.” No wonder he’d been so quiet when they’d left the youth center.
Riley nodded.
“I’m so sorry...” She wanted to reach out, to comfort him, but she couldn’t make herself move. “Are you okay?”
“Me?” He gave a short laugh, fingers squeezing her arm again. “I know the center means just as much to you but somehow you’re thinking of everyone else first.”
“Riley...”
“I’m okay.” He nodded. Blew out a breath.
“Good,” Maddy whispered, easing back. “I see why you want me to hang out at Grace’s for a bit. Don’t worry, I’ll be there as long as she needs me.”
Riley’s eyes sparkled in the sunlight, something more like amazement in his eyes now.
“What?” she asked.
“Nothing,” he said abruptly. “Let’s go have lunch.”
~ ~ ~
Kara had been in million dollar homes before. Nathan’s house nowhere equaled any of those but it was still impressive. They entered into a wide, tall foyer with marble floors that echoed their footsteps. Primarily her snakeskin Gucci pumps.
This Nathan had good taste.
To her right, stairs wound up to the next floor. Imposing. And yet stylishly comfortable.
Kara tried to focus. This was not one of her books, though it was good Wishing Star material.
She laughed inwardly. Anything was good Wishing Star material at this point. She hadn’t written a word on it in over four weeks–a dangerous and irritating new record for her. Her agent had warned her not to take this project on. She was a suspense novelist, not a contemporary, Oprah-book-club-make-you-bawl-for-three-hours kind of novelist. All her agent’s words of course.
But typically, when she couldn’t get something off her mind, it was time to get it on paper. It had been that way with Midnight Pond. And, because the Wishing Star and the events of that evening at the top of the Falls seemed ever present in her thoughts and dreams, she figured it was due for writing down.
Too bad she’d stalled about five chapters in.
She’d hoped being here would inspire more words. Help her bring the story to a close. But instead, here she was in her old town, and all she could think about was the promise she’d made to never come back to this place.
Once Maddy and Riley joined them, Nathan led them past a formal dining room into a large kitchen. Warm cabinets complimented wide, granite countertops, all bordering a massive island that yielded a generous spread of appetizers.
She might have gone for one if her gaze hadn’t been drawn by the long row of windows on the opposite side of the kitchen. “Nice view.”
Grace and Maddy joined her at the window.
“I can see the youth center,” Grace pointed out.
Kara leaned close and recognized the building. “Me too.”
Her lips dipped in a frown. She shouldn’t think about it. It was the one place in Serenity Falls that she actually missed–the one place she actually might have returned for.
Too bad. That’s the life you chose for yourself so deal with it.
“You can see the lights from the carnival, too,” Nathan said, joining them. “When it gets darker.”
“They still do that end of summer festival in town?” Kara asked.
“Every summer,” Riley said.
He opened the back door and led them onto the deck. Nathan already had the grill going. Piled high beside it was a plate of hamburgers and similarly, one of hot dogs and chicken.
“You are not doing the grilling,” Nathan told Riley.
“I like my burgers medium, not well done–charred–”
“I can do medium.”
“Since when?”
“Would you like me to grill?” Grace asked, stopping their conversation.
Nathan laughed. “You’re a guest.”
“But she can grill,” Kara put in. Maddy nodded.
Riley ruffled Grace’s hair. “Already trying to take over.”
She smacked his arm.
Kara felt a smile tug at the corners of her lips and she turned. This is the life you chose for yourself. She had to keep reminding herself of that. It was too familiar being back here with friends. It triggered a longing inside her she was afraid to explore.
She gripped the balcony rail and looked out over the town, a hint of a breeze tickling the ends of her hair against her cheeks.
“Are you okay?”
Maddy. She didn’t have to look to know it. Just like when they were kids. Maddy was always concerned about everyone else, always there for everyone else.
“I have no idea what I’m doing here,” Kara admitted.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, I promised myself I wouldn’t ever come back to Serenity Falls.”
Maddy’s kind brown eyes met hers. She put an arm around Kara’s waist and gave it a squeeze. “It’s not this place, Kara. It’s just what happened here.”
Kara let her guard slip a little and she lifted her arm around Maddy’s thin shoulders.
“You are so tall,” Maddy murmured.
Kara laughed, a release of tension she desperately needed. She turned to face the other direction and nodded toward the grill. Maddy looked over as well. Grace was giving Nathan direction on the burgers, making Riley’s shoulders shake with laughter.
Maddy’s eyes lingered on Riley, and Kara watched, interested by the new friendships developing here.
She ignored the subtle flicker of envy. It didn’t matter. She didn’t plan on staying long anyway. As soon as things got settled, she would go home. Back to normal. Back to comfortable.
“What do you think about the house Grandpa Moore left us?” Maddy asked, nudging her arm.
Kara tucked her hair behind her ears as another breeze blew by. She’d left the key with her luggage at Grace’s house. “I don’t really know what to think about it.”
“It’s ours now,” Maddy said, serious. “We should talk about it.”
Kara shrugged and pushed herself away from the balcony rail. Ownership of the house meant an attachment to Serenity Falls she wasn’t quite ready for.
“I’d just as soon leave it to you and Grace,” Kara replied, dismissing the conversation for another time. “Come on. Let’s eat.”





Chapter 10

It was her 17th birthday and the last day of summer school. Maddy had worked out an arrangement with the principal. If she took summer classes, a heavy load of summer classes, she could graduate early. It put her that much closer to getting out of Serenity Falls and to being away from her father.
“Come on,” Kara said, nudging Grace’s arm impatiently. “It’s going to be dark soon.”
Grace nodded but continued totaling sales on a notepad. The antique store stayed busy in the summer and Grace helped her grandfather out every day. Maddy and Kara tagged along most days so they could all spend time together.
“Where are we going?” Maddy asked. She shuffled her bulky purse on her shoulder, and grinned simply for the fun of it. She didn’t care that today was her birthday. All she cared about was finishing school. She’d had her last day today and it felt wonderful. It meant there was nothing else tying her to Serenity Falls. Nothing except her friends.
“The Falls,” Kara said, rolling her green eyes. She flicked her long ponytail off her shoulder and hissed, “Come on!”
“Okay, okay.” Grace tossed her pen on the counter.
“The book,” Kara prompted.
Grace glanced toward the back office and grabbed her bag. “’Bye Grandpa!”
“Happy Birthday, Maddy. You girls be good!”
Kara laughed, holding the door for both girls. “Not if we can help it.”
“Kara,” Maddy chided with a frown. She grabbed her arm. “Let’s go.”
Grace drove, past Parker Road and Main, away from town and the crowd of tourists. The Summer Festival had already started and people were out, drinking fresh lemonade from one of the kiosks or following their noses to the sweetness of funnel cakes. The fireworks would start at dusk. The Ferris wheel lit up the night, spinning circles of glowing color in the darkness.
But they rode away from all this, until the lights faded behind them and tall, southern trees were their best company. These and fresh summer air blowing through the windows.
“I didn’t even read the whole thing–” Grace began.
“Who cares?” Kara automatically dismissed her concern. “It’s a Wishing Star. You make wishes on it and they come true.”
“Really? You really believe that a wish on one of these stars is going to come true?” Maddy asked softly from the back seat.
Kara glanced back at her, eyes sympathetic in the moonlight. “I do.” She reached out a hand, comforting, like an older sister. “But you don’t need wishes to get out of here. You’re doing that already–all on your own.”
“That’s not what I’d wish for anyway,” Maddy murmured. But the wind blew through the window and Kara had turned around and no one heard her.
“Grandpa says that those things from the box–” 
“What things?”
“Those little trinkets and decorative things–some of the stuff from the same box the star came in–some of them are tribal idols.”
“Tribal idols?” Maddy leaned forward.
The light faded, drawn to the horizon behind a grand speckle of elms and oaks.
“She means those remote tribes out in Asia–”
“Africa.”
“Africa,” Kara continued without missing a beat, “where they have those scary rituals and sacrifice chickens and worship evil spirits and stuff.”
“It’s not funny,” Grace told her. She turned on a dirt road just before the Serenity Falls welcome sign. She switched on her brights and illuminated the road to the top of the Falls. “Some of this stuff is real. It’s serious.”
“Whatever.” Kara giggled and pulled on her sweater. “It’d make a good creepy story.”
“I’m just saying.” Grace kept both hands firm on the wheel. “If you believe in something, even just a simple object, it can be powerful.”
“They’re just stars,” Kara said, resting her arm on the windowsill.
Three pieces of metal that were part of a myth. Maddy agreed. Besides, it didn’t hurt to believe in something bigger–to have wishes and dreams and hopes for the future. Those were what kept her going all those years living with her father.
“We’re here.”
Kara jumped out of the car before Grace could put it in park. She emerged with a bag Maddy hadn’t noticed before. Grace also pulled her bag from the back seat, filled with the contraband they’d taken from the antique store.
A vast sky of orange, purple and blue dimly lit their way. Leaves and twigs crunched underfoot. Maddy could hear water rushing loudly, giving her the sense that they were much closer to the edge than they really were.
But Maddy knew exactly where they were. This was a favorite spot of hers. She and Kara and Grace had come up here only last week, staying out late to see a meteor shower. She’d had to sneak out, of course, but her father had come home from the bar and collapsed in bed only one hour prior. She knew she wouldn’t hear anything from him until late morning.
“I just stepped on something really squishy,” Grace complained.
Kara snickered. “A squirrel?”
Maddy laughed out loud and realized it came out nervous.
A light flicked on. Kara whipped the flashlight to the forest floor.
“Wet leaves,” Grace said in a hushed voice.
“Too bad.”
Grace mumbled something else and Maddy laughed again. Kara was right. This would make a good scary story. The wind blew droplets of chilly water off the Falls and she trembled.
“It’s right over there.”
Kara and Grace looked to where Maddy pointed. A clearing appeared. A few steps closer and the trees opened up to a sharp drop. And in the distance, far below, was Lake Serenity. Maddy smelled the fresh scent of water waft past her.
Kara motioned them to the edge. The water from the Falls roared in the night and they had to raise their voices. “Let’s look at the stars,” she said, eyes glinting with a flicker of the flashlight.
Grace lowered the bag and they all knelt to the ground, knees sinking into the depths of wet leaves. She pulled out and opened the box. Inside, all alone, was the Wishing Star. She removed it from the box.
Maddy looked to Grace, who had picked up the flashlight. She couldn’t read the emotion behind those sapphire eyes. Kara’s, however, were lit with anticipation.
“Three wishes,” she said softly. “That’s what the book said.”
“One for each of us.”
“Hold on.” Kara reached into her bag and pulled out three plastic cups. She handed them out. Then she reached inside again and produced a bottle.
“Kara?”
Kara grinned wickedly. “Champagne. I stole it from my mom’s stash.”
They each filled their cup. Kara held hers out. “To Maddy on her 17th birthday!”
The cups knocked together with little sound. Giggling in the night air, they drank together. The fizz tickled Maddy’s nose, and she laughed again, feeling like a rebel and feeling free.
“It’s your birthday,” Kara said. “You get to go first.”
Maddy set aside her cup as Kara reached for the star. She twisted the top piece of metal, trying to remove it.
“What are you doing?”
“They come apart. Remember? That’s what the book said.”
“Then what?”
Kara removed the smallest star on top and handed it to Maddy. The metal rested like a weight in her palm, intriguing and dangerous at the same time. Moonlight flickered off the surface.
“What do we do?” Maddy asked.
“You make your wish.”
“And then what?”
“And then throw it out over the Falls.”
“It says that in the book?” Grace gave Kara a doubtful look. “Make a wish and then throw it over the Falls?”
“Dispose of it, get rid of it, whatever.” Kara shrugged, keeping her eyes on the star. “Just make your wish. You first, Maddy.”
Maddy squeezed the star tight in her palm and stood from the forest floor, boots crunching. She stepped cautiously to the river, then jumped. She landed smoothly on the nearest rock, large enough to hold her and her two friends, large enough to take her right to the edge.
She looked over at Grace, then Kara. Her two best friends. Then she closed her eyes and made her wish.
~ ~ ~
Maddy stirred from sleep. The star...
She had wished for a family–a real family. And she’d almost gotten that with David. She was so close.
She pushed aside the covers and sat up on the couch. She’d given up her room for Kara after Grace had convinced her to stay another night. Maddy fumbled for her watch but couldn’t find it in the darkness.
“I thought I heard you.”
Maddy jumped. She looked over and spotted Kara at the end of the hallway, her eyes adjusting in the dimly lit room. Kara flipped the switched on a small lamp by the entryway and padded over in thin slippers. She joined Maddy on the couch.
“What are you doing up?” Maddy asked.
“What are you doing up?”
“Yeah, what are you guys doing up?” Grace asked. “It’s three in the morning.”
Kara gave a soft laugh, amusement indicating she’d been awake for awhile. “I was being quiet so I know I didn’t wake either of you up.”
Grace rounded the couch and joined Maddy and Kara. She tucked her bare feet beneath her. “What’s going on?”
Maddy shifted. “I was dreaming.”
Moonlight shimmered through the window. A soft blue tint covered the living room and the three women who sat side by side. The last time they’d been together in the hue of a low moon was that night at the Falls.
“Of the star,” Maddy added when neither of her friends said anything.
“Then I’m not the only one,” Grace followed up smoothly.
“Me too.”
They both looked over. Kara only shrugged.
“I’m writing a book about it. Of course it’s going to be on my mind.”
“When did it start?” Grace asked.
Kara didn’t answer.
“About when you decided to come back?”
Kara crossed one leg over the other and swept a hand through her hair. “I guess.”
“You, Maddy?”
“No.” Maddy shook her head. “No, I haven’t had any other dreams.” Maddy bit her lip hard. She needed to tell them. “There was something else, though.”
Grace plucked at a piece of fuzz on one of her pink slippers. “What?”
“I don’t know if this has anything to do with the stars–it couldn’t–it’s just...” Maddy twisted her hands together. “I’ve been seeing things.”
“Seeing things?” Kara frowned. “What kinds of things?”
“Just...” Maddy waved her hand vaguely, unsure she should have said anything at all. “Just words on a sign, telling me to leave. And I thought I saw my dad–”
“Wait, your dad?”
“Your dad’s dead–”
“–but how?”
“I don’t know,” Maddy said more loudly than she meant to. And then, softer, she said again, “I don’t know. It felt real. Like he was really there. It was horrible.”
“When was this?” Kara asked.
“When I went to visit the youth center with Riley.”
Grace put a comforting hand on her leg. “Are you sure you saw what you did?”
“Grace, I–”
“She said she saw it,” Kara interrupted, her eyes serious on Grace’s.
“Maybe it was just someone who looked like your dad–”
“I’m sure,” Maddy said, confident. “I’m sure I saw something that looked so real...well, I would have believed it if I didn’t know my dad was dead.”
“Do you think maybe…” Grace lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “Maybe you’re just stressed about being back?”
Maddy didn’t answer. It was typical of Grace, trying to make sense of it all.
“I mean maybe you’re just trying to work through everything that happened.”
“Come on, Grace,” Kara said. She wrapped her arm around Maddy’s shoulders. “She said she saw something and I believe her.”
“We just don’t know why.”
“I told you,” Kara said. “I think it might have more to do with the star than we think.”
“How do you figure?”
“It was the last thing we all did together...the book, that same book that told about the star–it said something about our fortunes being granted, but only for a time–”
“How do you remember this stuff?” Grace asked.
Kara stood, moved around the coffee table and began pacing. “I have a good memory. Anyway, in my book, these three girls make their wishes on the stars.”
“Just like us,” Maddy said.
“Just like us. But it’s only good for a short time and then...”
“Then what?”
Kara paused. “Their fortunes are reversed.”
“What do you mean reversed? Then what happens?” Maddy asked, leaning forward on the couch.
“I don’t know. I’m not there yet.” Kara crossed her arms. “I’m just saying it could have something to do with the star. I wished to be away from Serenity Falls forever, but here I am.”
Maddy looked at Grace. “And I wished for a family...”
Grace didn’t answer. But they all knew what had happened to Maddy’s dream.
“Do you still have the book?” Kara asked.
Grace nodded.
“We could look at it, just to see.”
“I already have. Most of it anyway.”
“And?”
“Some of it–well most of it–was stuff that we just skipped through the first time.”
“We should look at it again, then,” Kara said, stopping once more. “Soon.”
Grace stood. “It’s late. We should get some rest.”
“I want to know exactly what Maddy saw,” Kara told her.
“Later.”
Kara frowned but didn’t argue. Her shoulders moved in a shrug and she started toward the hallway. “I’m checking into the hotel tomorrow–let you have your house back.”
“You don’t have to, Kara–” Grace began.
“I’m a city girl. It’ll be best.”
“It’s not like this is rural country, Kara,” Grace called after her. “Serenity Falls is a lot bigger than it used to be.”
“If you say so, Grace. Goodnight, Maddy.”
“’Night.” Maddy looked to Grace and smiled at her expression. She adjusted her blankets. “She’s right, you know. I mean, there is only one movie theater. And no Macy’s.”
Grace laughed. “The sacrifices we make.”
“Goodnight Grace.”
“See you tomorrow.”
Maddy snuggled under her covers, curling her hands around the fabric. Kara’s thoughts were making a little too much sense. Maybe Grace was right. Could it be stress? Something that simple?
Or was there more to the star than any of them ever considered?




Chapter 11

Riley was up at 6:30, just like every other morning. When he flicked open the blinds in his bedroom, revealing a meadow of trees, he also spotted a dismal charcoal sky. Perfect weather for bad news. 
He planned on telling Grace about the youth center tonight.
Maybe she wouldn’t take it as hard as he thought, since she hadn’t been back there in months. But it was Grandpa Moore’s baby, and he knew that wouldn’t sit well with her.
Riley showered and dressed in a casual pair of slacks and a dress shirt. He poured a bowl of cereal and took it with him to the front porch.
There was a chill in the air that streamed off the early morning fog snaking up the street. But far above, patches of blue dotted the sky. The sun struggled to be seen.
Riley sat in a folding chair on the half-finished porch. Not the most comfortable, but he’d remedy that eventually. Pine wood planks completed the deck base and he’d purchased the wood for the support beams and the roof. He still planned on a railing, and needed to stain the wood and seal it, but he figured if he accepted help from the few offers he’d gotten, he could finish the entire project before winter. In three or four weekends if he was ambitious.
After he ate, Riley drove into town, passing the antique store with a long glance. He didn’t see Grace’s car, which either meant she’d had a late night and decided not to come in early or she’d realized life didn’t revolve around work. Maybe Kara and Maddy would get her out of her funk.
This helped ease some of the concern he’d had about Grace the last several weeks. If he couldn’t get her to tell him what she was dealing with, maybe she would talk to her friends. Maybe her friends were part of it.
He flipped on the radio for background noise.
She had seemed more on edge since Maddy had arrived. And he kept finding her reading that book they’d found at the guesthouse. He had no clue what it was about but he planned on finding out.
As far as Kara and Maddy, he didn’t know either of them well enough to draw any conclusions. Kara had seemed a little quiet at dinner the other night, but otherwise friendly and more on the opinionated side. And Maddy, well…he was having trouble finding anything but nice things to think about her.
In fact, he was having trouble thinking about much else besides her.
Riley parked his car outside the coffee shop, but headed across the street first. Colorful fall blooms lined the sidewalk. Mums. He smiled. They must have been what brought Maddy over.
Entering the store, Riley went straight to the pre-made displays. He already had something in mind.
“Anything I can help you with, hon?”
Riley grinned over his shoulder at Pamela. “Maybe so.”
“Oh, Riley, I didn’t know that was you.”
“It’s me.” He made his way to the counter.
“Business or personal, hon?”
His gaze skimmed the orchids in the corner and the large sunflowers behind the counter. “Personal.”
“A lady friend?”
Riley smiled.
It seemed to be enough for Pamela. “Because I’ve got rose bouquets–pinks and yellows. They usually charm the ladies,” she continued, a sweet smile on her bright red lips.
“I have a feeling this one would be charmed by just about anything. Something simpler, though.”
“Simpler...bright wildflowers?”
“More subtle.”
Pamela’s eyes lit. She smoothed back her graying hair. “A man who knows what he’s looking for. Hold on a tick.”
Amused, Riley waited while she hummed her way toward the back of the store. She scooped up a tiny round glass vase with a cluster of purple daisies, and returned to him.
“What do you think?”
He grinned. Perfect. “Exactly what I was looking for.”
Riley paid, indulged Pam with a bit more conversation, then carried his purchase directly across the street. Warmth from the heater billowed around him when he entered, and he slowed his stride.
“You didn’t have to,” Elliot said as Riley passed by the book counter.
“They’re for Maddy.”
“Hey.” Elliot’s voice took on a tone of mock warning. “If you’re trying to woo her away, to come work with you, it’s not going to happen. We need her here.”
Riley laughed. “It’s just a thank you gift.”
Which wasn’t entirely true. He wanted to thank her, for understanding about Grace, for her concern about him. But more, he wanted to give her something special.
Elliot pointed. “In that case, she’s over in the café.”
There were three customers ahead of him, typical for a weekday morning. How Maddy managed to keep everything straight and keep a smile on her face at the same time he had no idea. Apparently multi-tasking was her thing.
She saw him and waved before ducking to grab a cinnamon roll out of the glass display case. She lifted an amused smile as she talked with the woman in front of him. Her brown eyes danced and the shift in his heart had his hand curling tighter around the vase of flowers.
What was that all about? How could this woman he barely knew have such a big effect on him?
“Coffee, black,” she said when he reached the front of the line.
“Make it a large this time.”
She paused long enough for him to see the concern in her brown eyes. She turned, snatching a cup and moving to the coffeepot with swift, practiced movements.
Two other patrons lined up behind him and he realized he shouldn’t have brought flowers to her work. But he wanted her to have them. And he was too eager to wait until the end of the day.
“Long night?” she asked when she turned to face him again.
“No, but I’m anticipating a long day.”
Curiosity bloomed on her face. Her eyes strayed to the flowers and she tilted her head in question.
“They’re for you.”
“Really?”
He slid the flowers over and enjoyed the sweetness of surprise and wonder on her face. “Really.”
“Why?” she murmured, lashes cast down as she continued to look at the vase. Then she laughed and looked back at him. “Hold on. I meant to say thank you first, and then ask why you went out of your way to bring me flowers. Which are beautiful, by the way.”
“You’re welcome and it wasn’t out of my way.” He reached for his wallet. “I wanted to say thanks for being so understanding about the youth center. I shouldn’t have asked you to stay at Grace’s longer. I can look for any open rentals today–”
Maddy laughed again. “Riley. You don’t have to look for anything today. And, of course you should have asked me to stay with Grace. You’re her brother, you care about her. It’s exactly what you should’ve done.”
Riley ripped the edge of a dollar bill as he tried to slide it from his wallet. The flustered motion made her smile and he deliberately set his hand over the top of the next bill and pushed it across the counter calmly. He watched the reflection it made on the bulbous vase.
Maddy made his change and her eyes strayed to the customers behind him.
“I’ll get out of your way.” He wanted to talk to her longer, to tell her he was going to talk to Grace about the youth center. To ask her to dinner. Bad timing. “I’ll see you later.”
“Thank you, Riley,” she said, sliding the vase closer and tracing a finger across one of the violet petals. “I’ll see you soon.”
With that promise and a little more ease in his step, Riley smiled politely at the patrons behind him and made for the door.
“Don’t worry,” he told Elliot on the way out, “the conversation was strictly personal. No business.”
“That’s what I like to hear. Hey–you still need help with your deck?”
Riley paused mid-step. “Actually, yeah. Got plans for this weekend?”
“Work on Sunday, that’s it.”
“I’ll let you know about Saturday. I’ll order pizza and see if I can scrounge up some more help.”
Elliot nodded. “Sounds good. Let me know.”
As far as Riley knew, it was going to be a fine mid-September weekend. Excellent for building. But he needed to recruit. Grace, of course, because she insisted on helping. And she was remarkably deft with tools. So maybe Maddy would come along, too.
Riley angled toward his car and shuffled through the names in his cell phone until he found Nathan’s number.
~ ~ ~
“Finally,” Elliot said, making his way into the café with a sigh. Maddy smiled at the relief in his voice.
She leaned heavily against the counter, feeling her own kind of relief. It had been far too busy to get any organizing done, let alone cleaning. The lobby was halfway decent but behind the counter was a sight better left unseen.
“Nice flowers,” he commented, gesturing to the daisies.
Maddy pressed a telling hand to her cheek and turned to grab a broom from the corner. “Riley brought them.”
“I saw that.” He came over to her register and did a brief check to make sure she didn’t need any change. She swept along the tiles, waiting for him to say something else.
Finally, she said, “So?”
“So what?”
“What are you thinking?”
“A guy brings a girl flowers, there’s not much left to interpret.”
“It was a thank you gift,” she protested automatically. She settled the broom against the wall and reached for a rag next to the sink.
“Right.”
Maddy narrowed her eyes at him. “What?”
He laughed and closed her drawer. “What do you mean ‘what’?”
“What aren’t you telling me?”
Elliot feigned a look of innocence. “You might be angling for Riley in the friend category, but I’m pretty sure he’s not thinking friends.”
“Elliot.”
He moved away from the register, paused, examined the flowers a moment. Then shrugged. “He’s a good guy, so he’ll be patient if that’s what it takes.”
“Patient,” she echoed. It was a whole different story when Elliot put it into words like that. Flowers and smiles and pizza. Of course Riley was interested. She also hadn’t done this in forever. David was her first love and now…thinking of loving again was almost a foreign concept.
“Do you want him to be patient?” Elliot asked. He smiled. “Because if not, I could tell him to hurry up.”
“Elliot!” Maddy said, laughing.
“Or I could tell him to back off.”
She smirked. “That’s nice of you.”
She started to admit she was good with Riley’s speed, slow and steady, when someone came through the door.
“Good afternoon,” Elliot said.
“I just woke up a couple hours ago. It’s still morning to me,” Kara told him.
Maddy laughed at Elliot’s look.
“Elliot, this is Kara. She and Grace and I are all friends from our younger years.”
“Oh, so you’re Kara.” He made his way around the counter and offered his hand. “I’m Elliot.”
Kara took his hand but looked to Maddy. “What does he mean, ‘So you’re Kara’? Have you been talking about me?”
“Elliot and Grace are friends.”
“She told me two of her friends were coming to visit,” Elliot continued. He narrowed his gaze some. “You look familiar, though, have you visited before?”
Kara gave Elliot a laughing smile, pulled back her hand, and shook her head. “No, I haven’t been back in almost ten years.” She skirted around him and met Maddy at the counter.
Maddy gave an inward laugh. Grace probably hadn’t told him Kara was a writer, which was probably why he recognized her, and it didn’t look like Kara was going to divulge that information.
“So this is where you work.”  Kara nodded. “Very nice.”
Maddy removed her apron. “It is. I really like it. It’s good to feel useful.”
Kara looked at her watch. “So I thought maybe we could go check out the house.” She reached into her pocket and flashed her key. “You know, just for kicks.”
“I’m almost finished here–”
“It’s fine,” Elliot replied. He looked curious but only reached for her apron and said, “It was a busy day. You deserve to get off a little early.”
“Are you sure?”
Kara nodded her head before he could respond. “He said you could. You should take advantage of having a great boss.”
Maddy laughed and angled a look at Elliot. “Don’t mind her. She’s just excited to be back.”
“Don’t mind her,” Kara retorted, raising her brows, “but she’s a terrible liar.”
“So you’re not happy to be back,” Elliot concluded, seriousness in his pale eyes.
“Unfortunately, no. But I’m happy to see Grace and Maddy.”
Maddy touched her arm briefly in understanding, then turned to the counter.
“Hey–where did you get those?” Kara reached for the daisies Maddy held.
“An admirer,” Elliot offered, helping her out.
Kara’s eyes widened in interest. “Does this admirer’s name happen to start with an R?”
Elliot grinned. “Sure does.”
Maddy took Kara’s arm again, encouraging her in the direction of the door. “We should go. I’m supposed to be taking advantage of having such a great boss.”
“Oh, she’s blushing,” Kara remarked. “It’s so cute!”
“And a tell-tale sign of what those flowers are really about.” 
Kara pulled back a minute, intrigue dancing in her eyes. “Do tell.”
“Don’t tell,” Maddy said. “Come on, Kara.”
Her cheeks burned. What if Kara thought it was too soon? Her grin said otherwise.
“Oh, fine,” Kara said. “We can gossip later. Good to meet you, Elliot.”
“Good to meet you, too.”
They stepped from the café and bookstore into an early afternoon in Serenity Falls. Only a hint of a breeze blew past, cooling Maddy’s heated cheeks.
“He’s cute,” Kara commented.
Maddy choked on a laugh.
“I’m just saying...”
The clouds were still heavy from this morning and Serenity Falls lay in shadow. The sidewalks were calm, with only a few people strolling down the way to Ruby’s diner, a popular hang out that used to be a small bowling alley.
“It still looks the same,” Kara said. She slipped dark glasses over her eyes even though the sun was secure behind a blanket of clouds. “It feels the same, too.”
Maddy nodded. “We used to love this place.”
“Is that why you decided to come back?”
“It is. Despite some of the things that happened here.”
“Which is exactly why I decided to stay away,” Kara murmured. “Because of the things that happened here.”
Maddy kept silent a moment, her gaze lingering on the purple daisies.
“You’re brave, Maddy.”
She looked up, unable to see the emotion in Kara’s eyes behind the glasses. “You’re brave, too.”
Kara gave a soft laugh and sighed. “I do better at running away. I can face reality better in my stories.”
“Reality is that you’re here now.” 
“Though I still can’t figure out why.”
“The house maybe.”
“Maybe.”
Maddy’s gaze traveled across the street. “Should we see if Grace wants to come?”
Kara moved toward her vehicle, one she’d rented at the airport. “I already did. She said she had to talk with Riley so we should go without her this time.”
Talk with Riley. About the center probably. She should tell Kara, too. It was their place, the place where they’d all come together.
“I’ll drive,” Kara offered. “You navigate.”
Maddy carried the flowers in her lap as they pulled away from Serendipity. “Toward the Falls.”
“Ah,” Kara replied. “Of course.”
She drove them down Main Street and toward Lake Serenity.




Chapter 12

Riley realized when he got to Moore’s Antiques that he should have brought flowers for Grace, too. Bad news was easier to deliver with flowers–at least in his experience.
“Oh, Riley,” Grace said when she saw him, the surprise on her face uncharacteristic of her. She had a stack of papers on the counter and gave him a worn smile. “I didn’t realize how late it was.”
“That busy, huh?” he asked.
She shrugged. Downplaying the situation. Typical Grace.
“What I really want to do is spend time with Maddy and Kara. I want to make sure they’re doing okay. I know Kara doesn’t want to be here.”
“You should.” He stopped on the other side of the counter. “You should take a break and go spend some time with them.”
“You know I can’t right now, Riley,” Grace said, setting her hands flat on the papers. “I have to get this done.”
“What can I help with?”
“You don’t have to help with anything.” She brushed off his offer as usual. But she smiled at him, though it was a little tired around the edges. “Don’t worry, I’ll get it done.”
“We can talk later, then,” Riley said. “So you can get this finished.”
Grace checked her watch and apology rushed across her features. “We were supposed to have dinner. I’m sorry, Riley, I just got a little behind. Can we talk here?”
Riley glanced around. He’d hoped to ease into the conversation some, buy her dinner first and use it as a happier prelude to the conversation. But here they did have privacy and privacy might be better.
“I guess we could do that.”
“Chairs.” Grace gestured to the office.
“Let’s sit in there.”
They seated themselves in the tiny office, two chairs facing each other, and file cabinets surrounding them. “You keep doing this, you know. Telling me you need to talk to me. And then I spend the whole day or whole week–or whatever–coming up with all kinds of scenarios about what you might have to say.”
“Anything good?”
She shook her head. “Not really. One scenario is that you took a new job and decided to move up to the city.”
“I wouldn’t ever make that kind of decision without talking with you first. Besides, Serenity Falls is my home–for as long as I can see anyway.”
“And you’re not joining the circus?”
He laughed. “Tempting, but no. I can barely even juggle.”
“That’s true. But I bet you’d look great in a clown suit.”
He nudged her shin with his foot. “Funny.”
“Payback for making me wait and worry all day.”
“Fair enough.”
Grace’s familiar blue eyes grew more serious. “Is it about Maddy?”
Caught off guard, Riley leaned back in his seat. He pulled the pen from his pocket and tapped it against his knee. “What do you mean?”
Grace crossed her arms. “I get to be protective here because Maddy’s one of my closest friends and she’s been through a lot. But you’re my brother and I don’t think I’ve ever met a better man in my life.”
“Thank you, Grace. That means a lot.”
She nodded and played with the hem of her sleeve a moment. “So if you like her, you just have to be careful because Maddy’s not likely to believe she could ever find someone like David again. And if she wasn’t looking in your direction, I’d be inclined to agree with her.”
Maddy was looking in his direction? The idea gave his heart a pleasant squeeze. He decided to be honest with Grace. “I do like her. And it is a dilemma because I have to be careful. I know that. But then, I’m good at being patient.”
“That you are.” She smiled again and he was reassured by the warmth in it. “But that’s not it, is it?”
“What’s not it?”
“That’s not what you wanted to talk to me about.”
Riley shook his head. He continued to tap the pen. Better just to come out and say it. “It’s the youth center, Grace. It’s closing down next month.”
Her features didn’t change at all, but her eyes locked on his. Finally, she said, “Next month.”
He nodded, doing his best to gauge the situation. To make out the emotion behind those guarded eyes. She reached out slowly and gripped his pen, stopping the tapping motion. He settled it back into his pocket.
“I couldn’t go back,” she said quietly. “After Grandpa died. It was too hard.”
Riley knelt in front of her. “I know.”
“No, you don’t,” Grace replied, an ache in her voice that pierced his heart. “You went back. You still tried to hold that place together–”
“Grace,” Riley began. But he could think of nothing more than to put his arms around her and hold her until that tough exterior melted. She stiffened at first, but then let her head sink to his shoulder. He heard a sniffle.
“I miss Grandpa,” she said, voice muffled by his shirt.
He nodded and smoothed his hand down her back. Grandpa had been a father to Grace. The only father she’d ever known. The youth center had been his passion. And now, only four months after his death, it was moving on as well.
“You should go there,” Riley suggested. She stiffened but he only nodded. “Before it closes. I could go with you. Or you could go with Maddy and Kara maybe.”
At the mention of their names, she pulled back. Her eyes shone bright with unshed tears. Riley almost wished she would break down. That once, strong put together Grace would let her vulnerable side take over. So she’d accept his help. So she’d get it all out and maybe, hopefully, feel like she could share the burden.
But she only scooted back in her seat and said, “Maddy and Kara. They’re out at the house right now. The house, Riley,” Grace prompted when he didn’t say anything. “Maybe that’s why Grandpa bought the house.”
“Because of the youth center?”
Grace stood abruptly. “That’s what we’re supposed to do with the house.”
“Grace, hold on.” Riley stood as well. “Are you saying you think the house should be a youth center?”
She bobbed her head up and down. “Yes. That’s exactly what I’m saying. That’s why Grandpa gave us the house–so we’d do something with it. He probably didn’t know what that was, only that we’d do the right thing.”
“And you think this is the right thing?”
“I think so.”
“What about Maddy and Kara?”
She turned toward the door. “I guess we’ll see.”
Riley reached for her arm. “Grace–please just think this through.” She started to respond and he shook his head. “I’m not trying to be the big brother and tell you what to do or to try to talk you out of it. I just want to make sure you’re sure.”
“Okay.” Grace put her arm around him in a brief hug.
“And I’m behind you no matter what.”
She smiled but he thought he saw a slight tremble in her lips. “I told you–the best guy I’ve ever known.” She made her way to the desk and grabbed a set of keys. “Will you lock up for me?”
He accepted the keys and watched, baffled, as she left the stack of papers on the counter and made her way to the car. Riley could only shake his head, amazed at how they’d gone from talking of Maddy to the closing of the youth center and suddenly Grace had a new project.
But Grace didn’t have his patience–she was used to jumping right in. He exited the store and locked up behind him.
~ ~ ~
“This is not what I expected,” Kara said with a frown.
Did it matter? Maddy couldn’t be more thrilled with the place. So much potential. She knew Kara would come around once they had a solid plan.
Maddy stood in the entryway of the large house and watched as Kara walked close to the walls, stepping over random pieces of debris and grimacing at the dirt and dust.
They’d stopped by Lake Serenity first, at Kara’s request, and stood facing the waterfall, both no doubt recalling memories from many summers ago. Kara noted the homes nearby, the few random stores and a gas station that had encroached on the property around the lake. Evidently the house Grandpa had left them was not as secluded as Kara had expected. In fact, it was only a hillside away from the very northern stretch of the city and hardly more than a long, winding trail away from the lake.
When they arrived at the house, Kara was vocal as she took it all in.
“Spider webs, gross.” She walked gently in her fancy jeans and heeled sandals, keeping her arms away from the walls.
“What were you expecting?” Maddy asked, voice echoing in the spacious room.
Kara placed her hands on her hips. “Something cozy, quaint. A summer home. Like all those others out on the lake.”
“Most people live in those year round.”
Kara shrugged. “You know what I mean. A home. This is...a project.”
“I like projects.”
Kara smiled knowingly in her direction. “I know you do. What kind of project, though, I wonder? Maybe Grandpa Moore just wanted to flip it and sell it.”
Maddy sighed, taking in the potential once more. “I don’t think so. Or he would have just said that. I think it’s supposed to be something more.”
Kara put her hand on Maddy’s shoulder and met her gaze. “You have an idea. I can see it in your eyes.”
She did. It had been brewing for days–and it looked a lot like the youth center she remembered from her childhood. But she couldn’t bring herself to say it aloud, afraid the ideas were only her own. Or far too ambitions, or outright ridiculous.
“Let’s keep looking, then,” Kara suggested when Maddy didn’t answer. She made her way toward the stairs.
Maddy trailed behind, her excitement building anyway. Each new room she envisioned as something different. Something useful. If Grandpa Moore were here, he’d see it, too. Not the rooms exactly, but the vision. The idea that they had the opportunity to do something to help someone else.
“What’s that?” Kara pointed out the window.
“A guesthouse,” she said. It looked more like the quaint summer home Kara spoke of than the one they stood in now. “I guess the previous owner lived there for several years before selling the whole property. Compared to the house, it’s in pretty good shape.”
“That’s interesting.”
“Why do you say that?”
“You live here now, right? In Serenity Falls, I mean. And then you just happen to get a key to your own house when you get here. It fits.”
“It’s not mine,” Maddy explained as she’d done with Grace. “It’s ours. Grandpa Moore left it to all of us.”
Kara only shrugged. She moved away from the window. “Those are just details. I’m only saying, if you want some place of your own for awhile, you have one. Here–or in the guesthouse if it’s more livable.”
Maddy reached for a closet door, frowning. She didn’t want this place for herself, she wanted something bigger. The door squeaked when it opened.
“What’s that?”
She glanced at Kara and to the closet again.
“On the door.”
Maddy’s gaze traveled to the top of the door, riveted. Three stars were painted in faded brick red just above the trim.
“Stars,” Maddy murmured, looking back to Kara.
“I see that.”
Maddy released the doorknob and stepped back.
“It’s sort of eerie, isn’t it?” Kara whispered.
“It’s not the first time I’ve seen something like this.”
“Me either.”
“So we agree this isn’t a coincidence?”
“Some kids probably just painted them up there though–”
“But the fact that we saw them after seeing other things–”
“Right.” Kara returned her hands to her hips. “Grandpa Moore did always say there’s no such thing as coincidences.”
Maddy processed this and nodded slowly. “Right. It’s here for a reason. We saw it for a reason.”
“We need to look at that book,” Kara said firmly. “That’s why I came. To get all this sorted out.”
“I’m glad you saw this, too. I’m glad you don’t think I’m crazy about thinking there’s more to the Wishing Star.”
“Unless we’re both seeing the same things and we’re both crazy.” Kara laughed. “My mind is running away with me.”
Maddy looked over at her. “What are you thinking?”
Kara ran a hand through her hair and began pacing. Her sandals clicked against the hard floor. “I’m thinking...sticking to the premise that all this is happening for a purpose, it seems like we’re being reminded of the star for a reason.”
“Is that good or bad?” Maddy wondered aloud.
“I haven’t decided. But we definitely need to look at the book closer. We all made these silly wishes but in a way they all seemed to come true. Until recently, things were going well. But then...well, we all came back. And we can’t stop thinking about the stars. And things are changing in our lives–not necessarily for the better.”
Maddy didn’t ask Kara for specifics. She knew Kara’s struggle with her new book was part of it. And the fact that she’d finally returned to Serenity Falls was a big, and bad, experience for her.
“And those things you saw. Seeing your dad…” Kara looked at Maddy. She held out her hands, seemingly unable to find the words. “That’s screwed up.”
“It is,” Maddy said softly. “And it really felt to me like it had something to do with the star.”
A noise came from downstairs.
“What’s that?” Kara asked.
They heard a voice.
“Grace?” Maddy asked in a whisper.
Kara nodded. “It’s Grace.”
Maddy went for the stairs first.
“Maddy,” Kara said, following her. “I believe you. I think you’re right. And I think we need to figure this out.”





Chapter 13

“Do you really have to make popcorn for this?” Grace asked.
Maddy watched Kara, feet bare, pad toward the kitchen to retrieve snacks.
“We don’t know how long it’s going to take,” she called back in a sing-song voice. “And I’m hungry!”
“She has a point,” Maddy said. “Go get the book and I’ll help her.”
Maddy left the living room and went for the cupboard with the bowls. Kara pulled at the plastic wrapper on the outside of the popcorn bag.
“Did you work on your book today?” Maddy asked.
Kara ripped the bag. “That was my intention.”
“But?”
“Evidently staring at the wall was a much better use of my time.”
Maddy winced. “Writer’s block?”
“There’s no such thing as writer’s block,” Kara mumbled, irritation coating her voice. She tossed the bag into the microwave and jabbed at a few buttons.
“Then what do you call it?”
“Annoying.” Kara gave an apologetic smile. She brushed her hair behind her ears. “I don’t know. But this has never happened before. I wanted to write this book, but my agent disagreed. I decided to write it anyway. And I started and it was flowing. And then...Grace called about Grandpa Moore. And I kept thinking about the star–nothing like what’s in the book. I was just making that up, loosely based on what had happened when we were younger. But something about it was wrong.”
The kernels began to pop and the bag expanded inside the microwave. “What was wrong?”
Kara sighed. She pulled herself up to sit on the countertop. “I kept thinking about that night at the Falls and I just kept wanting to write about us. About our dreams and our wishes. But that left the rest of the story unfinished.”
“I thought you had more, stuff about the wishes backfiring or whatever.”
Kara gave a humorless smile. “I guess it just came to me that way–a kind of ‘what if’ for our situation.”
“You mean you thought about writing the story that way because you thought it might be that way in reality? With us?”
“Not initially. At first, I just thought it would be cool for a story. But then it started to make too much sense. Because then I couldn’t stop thinking about the star. And Grace asked if I would come back to visit, and I hated that idea. Between the two, it just started to seem like there was more to the star than we originally thought.”
Kara leaned over to peek inside the microwave. The popping slowed and she pressed the button to open the door. “Any M&M’s left?”
Maddy nodded. She went for the pantry. “We’d better get those, too.”
Grace was already in the living room, feet tucked under her on the chair furthest from the kitchen. Worry etched the corners of her mouth and sat heavy on her brow.
The thick book lay in the middle of the coffee table. Waiting.
Maddy and Kara seated themselves on the couch together and held onto the bowl of popcorn when Grace waved it away. She reached for the M&M’s and poured a few into her hand before settling back into the chair.
“So,” Kara began, eyes straying to the middle of the table.
“Go ahead.” Grace didn’t move from her position. “Page 281.”
Kara lifted the heavy book to her lap and flipped through the pages. They crinkled as she looked for the correct page. “Voodoo dolls. Twisted.”
“Really?”
Kara nodded and continued flipping.
“There are all sorts of interesting–and disturbing–things in here,” Grace said. “Weird stuff. Different religions and ways to worship the gods–”
“The gods?” Maddy asked, watching Grace. Thunder grumbled outside, a faint reminder of the storm clouds they’d seen earlier in the day. She folded her legs underneath her to warm her feet.
Grace nodded. “Or whatever it is they believe in.”
Kara stopped and placed her finger on the page. “Okay, here it is.”
“Read the first part,” Grace suggested.
Kara skimmed through, angling the book toward the lamp on the table behind her.
“There’s a little history…the African origins of this super rural people group that believe in the star and its power. In fact, it seems to have quite a large following. How old is this book anyway?” Kara flipped to the front, and frowned, not appearing to find what she was looking for. She flipped back. “Anyway, the stars usually come in groups of three.”
“Because they think three is a good-luck number,” Grace added.
“Right.” Kara looked up. “So ours was one wish each, three total. But it can also be for one person, who gets three wishes total.”
Maddy and Grace waited as she read more.
“Okay...” Kara said slowly. “So they believe that the gods created the heavens by tossing their dreams and visions of the earth and its people out into the sky...”
“The sanctuary of the gods–the heavens created from the palms of their hands,” Grace said.
“How many times have you read this?”
Grace shrugged. “Plenty recently. Enough to know that not all of it is very clear to me.”
“All right,” Kara continued. “So these people believe the gods created the heavens out of their wishes and dreams, blah, blah, blah. Oh, and they display these literal metal stars in their houses as a kind of tribute to the gods. They believe they can feel the power of the gods through the stars.” She scanned the page and read, “‘The stars are a gift from the gods. Make a wish and release the star into the night sky; the gods will oblige.’”
“‘The gods will oblige’,” Maddy repeated. “Meaning, make your wishes come true.”
“Yes.” Grace shifted and flipped on the other lamp next to her as the dark of night crept further into the home. A flash of lightning lit the room briefly. “And that was pretty much where we stopped reading before. Make a wish, one for each of us, and then our dreams come true.”
“They did,” Maddy murmured. “We thought they did.”
“Almost.”
Grace was right. Family was Maddy’s dream. She’d been so close with David, but somehow it had all fallen apart.
“But there’s more,” Grace reminded them. “The stuff we overlooked back then.”
Kara flipped the page. Her eyes moved quickly. Maddy heard the sky follow up with a rumble of thunder.
“‘The years of fortune will only continue if the gods are repaid their debt.’”
Maddy’s hand froze as she reached for the popcorn. It sounded like a warning–and it didn’t sit well with her. “What does that mean?”
“The next line,” Grace prompted.
“‘Return the stars to the gods and a decade will continue a lifetime.’” Kara opened her mouth, closed it, then looked up and opened it again. “What?”
Grace gave a grim smile. “Exactly. I read that part yesterday. I wanted to see what you thought of it.”
“‘Return the stars to the gods’?” Maddy asked. “Does that mean we’re supposed to get the three stars back together? And then what?”
“Maybe just returning the stars to each other–”
“How are we supposed to do that?” Kara glanced around like she was missing something. “Didn’t I have a glass of wine somewhere? No? We can’t get the stars together–we tossed them over the waterfall.”
“We don’t know if that’s really what it means,” Maddy said. They could get carried away if they didn’t focus. “Pay back the debt could mean anything.”
“But it says return the stars–”
“Okay,” Grace said. “Maddy’s right. We don’t know for sure what that means. What about the decade continuing a lifetime part?”
“It just means that our fortunes, as it said, will continue the rest of our lives.” Kara looked at an M&M in her hand, then popped it into her mouth. “Right?”
“By why say a decade?” Grace wondered.
Maddy leaned over to look at the book. Another flash of lightning flickered off the windows. “Does it say anything else?”
“‘...a decade will continue a lifetime’,” Kara repeated, and then her eyes left the page.
“What?”
“‘At the end of the years, should the stars not return, the gods will be angry.’”
Thunder followed, grumbling like a territorial lion. Like a preamble to that retribution.
“Do you think what I saw fits into all of this?” Maddy asked quietly.
“Your father, you mean?” Grace’s blue eyes were wary. “And the sign and the message?”
Maddy nodded.
“I don’t know.” She rubbed her fingers on her temples.
“All this...” Kara gestured to the book. “It’s just a myth. Gods getting angry, wishes coming true. This isn’t reality here.”
Maddy sighed, feeling Kara’s disbelief. Stars, little pieces of metal, did not have the power to make or change someone’s destiny. There was a path for their lives that might be determined by something or someone, but definitely not by an old myth.
“But how do we explain everything that’s going on?” Grace asked. “The dreams, what Maddy saw...”
Kara sighed. “I don’t know. But this–this is crazy. We don’t really believe this, do we?”
Maddy gave a grim smile. “We did ten years ago.”
~ ~ ~
Yesterday had been long, with lingering clouds and a slight drizzle. But when Riley woke this morning, the sun loomed full in the sky. Beat warm on the front of the house, claiming the day for its own.
Riley’s refrigerator sat full of cans and bottles, drinks he’d bought in anticipation of company later in the day. He was up for the company. He hadn’t seen Grace since he’d given her the news of the youth center. He’d been unable to speak to Maddy for longer than a few minutes each time he went for coffee–and that wasn’t enough for him anymore.
By the time he’d taken out the trash and prepared the tools in the garage, Grace and Maddy pulled up. Maddy shielded her eyes as she stepped from the car. She gave him a warm smile and a wave. He pulled in a long breath. Dinner. He’d ask her to dinner today.
“No Kara?” Riley asked, meeting them at the stairs.
Grace wrinkled her nose. “She’s not an early riser.”
Amused, Riley checked his watch. It was already after ten.
“She’ll be along eventually,” Maddy assured him.
Grace pointed to the street. “There’s Elliot.”
Riley reluctantly pulled his eyes away from Maddy. He lifted a hand in a wave, checking the street for Nathan’s car as well.
“You should show Maddy around,” Grace suggested. Her eyes twinkled in the sunlight and he held in a smile. Good idea.
Riley gestured to the house and led the way inside, walking into the spacious living room.
“Nice.” Maddy turned and stood in the space between the door and the window. “It could go here.”
“Excuse me?”
She laughed, her long ponytail swinging when she moved to point. “The armoire–the one Grace keeps trying to sell you. It could go here. It would fit perfectly.”
Riley chuckled. “You look so sweet saying that. Did she put you up to it?”
“No, I just agree with her.”
“With both of you trying to persuade me, it’s going to be harder to say no.”
She lifted her shoulders and her brown eyes softened. “I’m not trying to persuade you. I guess I just have a soft spot for that armoire. I remember it from the first time I went into the antique store.”
Do it. Ask her to dinner. He took a step closer.
“What’s next?” she asked.
He turned toward the kitchen and nodded. “We’ll continue the tour here.”
Why couldn’t he just say the words? He wanted to spend time with her. She seemed open, less reserved than she’d been in her first weeks in Serenity Falls. But would she say no? Would she decide it was too soon?
Maddy followed him through the house. She commented here and there on the color of the walls, on a picture or a book he’d placed randomly on a surface or shelf. She lingered at a window upstairs, taking in the view.
“My office is just over there,” he said. The smell of her shampoo, something like peaches, wafted in his direction. Her hair looked like a silk waterfall spilling down the middle of her back.
“That’s close. Hey–there’s the Ferris wheel.”
He didn’t look, but instead watched her smile. “The Summer Festival runs through next week.”
She turned to him and met his eyes. “We should go.” Her hands twisted together and her gaze faltered. “I meant–all of us should go–to the festival.”
Why hadn’t he thought of that? It was a Serenity Falls tradition.
“You’ve probably been dozens of times,” Maddy said at his silence. She returned her eyes to the window. “I just thought–”
“No, we should go.” Riley wrapped his fingers around her elbow, saw her give a noticeable swallow. “We have a whole group here–maybe tonight if we’re not too tired we could all go. That way Kara could come too, if she wanted, before she leaves again.”
“That’s a good idea. You’re right, Kara would want that.”
He heard the sound of the door downstairs and voices carried up to them. Of course. Never the right time. He let his fingers slide from her arm, warmth leaving his hand. “Nathan must be here.”
“I think I’ll use your restroom before we get started.”
He nodded and made his way downstairs. Nathan stood in the kitchen, talking with Grace and Elliot.
“Riley.”
“Hey.” Riley shook Nathan’s hand and laughed when he saw Grace’s tool belt.
“She’s serious about this,” Nathan said.
Grace rolled her eyes. “Somebody has to be serious around here or the work never gets done.”
“We ready then?” Elliot asked.
Riley nodded, leading them outside. When Maddy didn’t show up after several minutes, he called to Grace, “Be right back–I forgot my sunglasses.”
Inside, he said Maddy’s name but didn’t hear anything. Frowning, he headed upstairs where he last saw her.





Chapter 14

Maddy aimed toward the bathroom. She could still feel the warmth of Riley’s fingers on her arm, the jump of her heart when he turned those ocean blue eyes full on her face. So different from David, but still so sweet. Someone she could trust. Someone she was beginning to believe she could have a relationship with.
Her heart thumped harder and she released a laughing breath. Who knew coming back to Serenity Falls would actually be a good thing?
As she neared the door, something made her stop. A scent so intense and full of memory she froze in her tracks. The smell…it was the kind of cologne David used to use.
She gasped, backing against the wall. Maybe Riley used the same kind, maybe he’d recently put some on. Don’t jump to conclusions…
She stepped away from the bathroom. The scent lingered.
“Riley?” she called softly, trying to calm her racing heart.
She walked to his bedroom door. The smell intensified. Maddy set one foot into the room. She turned and her heart slammed against her ribs.
This time it wasn’t a scent, a happy memory dancing on a breath of air.
There were two words splashed up on the wall like graffiti. Like the Serenity falls sign. David’s Dead.
The smell evaporated and the blood drained from Maddy’s face. She stumbled back a few steps and then pressed herself against the wall outside the door, letting it take her weight.
“Maddy?”
She turned her head to see Riley. He moved closer and she didn’t smell anything like the cologne she remembered so well from her past. If it wasn’t his, if he wasn’t wearing it, then where had it come from?
“Get Grace, please,” she managed.
He didn’t hesitate, just nodded and went for the stairs, calling Grace’s name.
Maddy needed to see the room again, to see if the words were still there, but she couldn’t bring herself to look. She just needed...some shred of sanity right now. Grace would help.
“Maddy?”
“Oh, Grace,” Maddy murmured. Riley hovered over her shoulder, mouth tight with worry.
“Are you okay? Was it...?”
Maddy nodded without having to hear the rest of her question, knowing that Grace would understand.
Grace glanced over her shoulder. “Can you get a glass of water?”
Riley left again and Grace leaned closer.
“What happened?”
Maddy covered her mouth with her hand. “I’m sorry. I saw something. I was thinking about David and then I thought I smelled cologne–the same kind he used to wear. And I followed the smell to Riley’s room. On the wall–there were words. Big words–”
“What did it say?”
“‘David’s Dead.’”
Grace grimaced. She straightened and looked toward the room. “Okay. Hold on.”
Riley returned with a glass of water. He slipped a strong, steady hand beneath her elbow to help straighten her. Maddy took the glass, avoiding his eyes. He looked like he might move in for a hug. She couldn’t do it. She’d break down entirely.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m okay.” Her voice shook.
“You’re pale.”
Grace stepped back out. She gave an almost imperceptible shake of her head.
“What is it?” Riley asked, noting the exchange.
Grace seemed torn between telling him the truth and keeping the secret. She looked to Maddy.
Maddy nodded, ignoring the vulnerability that came with opening up. She wanted so badly for someone to comfort her, to figure this whole thing out for her. She’d been prepared for stars–for another encounter with her father, maybe. But never a reminder of David. Never an attack on a memory she actually cherished.
“You believe me, Grace,” Maddy murmured.
Grace slipped a comforting arm around her shoulder. “Of course I do.” She looked to Riley and touched his arm. “Not right now, okay? Let’s just get out into the sun. Do something normal.”
Maddy eased away from the wall and met Riley’s eyes. He didn’t seem to agree, but he took the glass back and led the way.
~ ~ ~
Elliot watched Kara Jensen pull up in her little rental car and step out of the vehicle, looking more like she was ready for an evening out on the town than a day of labor and building. But then, he doubted very much she planned on getting her hands dirty.
Elliot chided himself for the thought. That wasn’t fair of him to assume. Some people could work just fine in high-heeled boots and jeans that made their legs look a mile long. He couldn’t forget the leather jacket.
He tapped his fingers against his knee. It wasn’t the clothes really, it was the fact that he knew her from somewhere and he couldn’t remember. There was something so familiar about those green eyes, her narrow nose and pronounced cheekbones. He didn’t normally forget a face–so why couldn’t he place Kara Jensen?
He propped his arms on the stair behind him. The warmth of the sun burned through his jeans, but he didn’t move even as she walked up the driveway. Robins chattered in the tree above as he watched her, all the way to the step below where he sat.
“You look puzzled,” Kara said. “Don’t worry if you’ve never built a deck before, Elliot. Grace will tell you what to do.”
He chuckled and glanced over at Grace. She pulled a measuring tape out of her tool belt and leaned over a two-by-four. “No, that’s not what I’m puzzled about.”
“What is it then?”
Grace let the measuring tape slide back into place and joined them on the stairs. She did a long, slow scan of Kara’s outfit. “Seriously?”
Kara frowned. “What?”
“Not planning on helping I take it?”
“I’ll supervise.”
“Good luck,” Grace muttered, rolling her eyes at Elliot. He wisely kept his mouth shut.
“Actually,” Kara said, “I’m trying to figure out what Elliot is so puzzled over.”
Grace propped her foot on the stair next to him and looked down to meet his gaze. “He doesn’t look puzzled to me.”
“No, now I’m amused.” He flicked the strap of her tool belt. “Did you borrow this from Riley?”
She looked offended. “No, it’s mine.”
He pulled his legs up and got to his feet. “Well, then, I guess I’ll just go back to being puzzled.”
“Why?”
“I can’t figure out where I know Kara from–”
Kara shook her head. “Probably nowhere.” She came up the stairs, and when she reached the top, she stood nearly as tall as him. “I probably just look like someone else you’ve met.”
Not very subtle. What are you hiding, Kara Jensen? And where do I know you from?
“Well, sure he probably recognizes you,” Grace said to Kara.
Elliot knew he didn’t imagine it when Kara nudged Grace.
“I doubt it.”
Grace put her hands on her hips. “Don’t tease the guy, Kara.”
“I’m not doing anything but trying to spend a nice day with friends. So are we going to work or not?”
“Are ‘we’ going to work?” Grace said.
“I can measure something or hammer something.” She brushed back her bangs with an irritated gesture. “Just tell me what you want me to help with.”
Grace turned as Nathan, Riley, and Maddy appeared. “Okay, people. We’re going to do the railing first. You two,” she said, pointing to Elliot and Nathan, “grab the wood around the side of the house. And you,” she said to Riley, “set up the power saw. Kara, you can help me measure, I guess.”
Maddy cleared her throat. “What about me?” She linked her hands behind her back and smiled. “I want to do the saw thing–cut some wood.”
Elliot held back a smile as Grade nodded.
“Okay, help Riley. Everybody good?” She nodded at the few murmured replies. “Get to work.”
“Yes, sir.” Maddy saluted her.
Elliot snickered and caught up to Maddy as she made her way down the stairs.
“Typical Grace,” she commented.
“Oh yeah?”
Maddy nodded and slipped on her sunglasses.
“Are you okay?” he asked. She looked pale and tired, mouth strained at the corners.
“Fine.” Maddy lifted one shoulder. “Though I don’t know how much help I’m going to be. I’m not very good at building things.”
“I bet you’re a natural.”
Maddy kept in step with him and tucked her hands in her pockets. “Elliot?”
“Yes?”
“Do we have any books on African religion at the store? Something about their culture and how it ties to their beliefs?”
“African religion? Like something about the rural kinds of tribes or just general religion?”
“Tribal stuff, I think. You know, like myths about the gods and the religious idols they worship...”
Elliot paused, cocked his head in her direction. “We have some general books on a few countries,” he said slowly, mentally running through the store’s inventory. “But they probably only have real basic facts about religion.”
“It’s about this artifact at the antique store. Grace and I just wanted to know more about it–we had some questions.”
“Oh.” He nodded at the explanation. “Well, I could check. You might have more luck at the library, though. Drew could help you. He took over after his mom got sick and he probably knows everything they’ve got in that place. Or he could have it sent over from another location.”
“That’s a good idea.” She smiled. “Thanks, Elliot.”
“Sure, no problem.”
He watched as she went to help Riley. Strange question. Not as perplexing as Kara. Nathan waved him over and he rolled up his sleeves to help with the wood.
~ ~ ~
Maddy slipped off the protective goggles and wiped them on her shirt. She grinned over at Riley. “Now, this is fun.”
With a little guidance from him, Maddy had managed to cut a pile of wood–her contribution to the deck. And if she could do this–if their modest little group could build a deck–maybe they could get the house together, too. Maybe they’d make the house Grandpa Moore left them something new and fresh. Something good.
Riley wiped the back of his hand against his temple. His eyes sparkled like turquoise stones in the sunlight. The events from upstairs in his house slipped from Maddy’s mind when he smiled.
“Sawdust,” he murmured, brushing his fingers over her arm.
Maddy felt herself leaning toward him, like his hands were magnets, drawing her in his direction.
“Two more,” Grace said, appearing behind them. Maddy broke eye contact, kneeling back down to the saw.
Grace gestured to the pieces of wood that sat in a pile next to the machine. “Then you can help with the support beams.”
“How about she helps me with lunch instead?” Riley angled his watch to see the time.
Grace copied his motion, glancing at her own watch. She shrugged and turned. “Probably a good idea.”
Riley grinned at Maddy. “Dictator,” he said. “She’s actually giving us a break, though. We’d better hurry before she changes her mind.”
Grace looked over her shoulder at him. “Very funny.”
Maddy put her hand in his when Riley reached out to help her up. His fingers were strong and warm around hers.
“Thanks.” She brushed off her shirt and then laughed when she realized sawdust covered the rest of her. “I’m going to get this all over your house.”
He reached to brush her cheek with his thumb. “I’m not worried about it.”
Maddy’s heart wobbled. “Thanks,” she murmured, twisting her hands in front of her. “And thanks for understanding about what happened upstairs.”
His eyes said he wanted to ask more, but he only nodded. “No problem.”
Riley walked up the stairs and Maddy followed. The progress so far was amazing. The rail was almost complete. It spanned the length of the porch and slanted down the stairs to provide a hand rail.
Maddy noticed that Kara had followed through with her word. She was busy hammering something on the far end of the deck, down on her knees, intent on her assignment. Elliot kept her company, gesturing to her next task.
“Looking good,” Nathan said. He wiped his hands on his pants. “Please tell me you’re overriding the supervisor and letting us stop for lunch.”
“I heard that,” Grace said from the other side of the deck.
“Oh, good, I said it loud enough then.”
Riley laughed. “I’ll go order the pizza and you guys can head in when you’re ready.”
Maddy joined Kara as Elliot moved away to help with another task.
“This is why I came back to Serenity Falls?” Kara placed another nail and narrowed her eyes. “To build a deck?”
“And so you can take satisfaction in a job well done.”
Kara glared at the hammer, but went to work on a nail anyway.
Maddy sat, waiting for the hammering to stop, and leaning her back against the house. She drew her knees up. Across the porch, Grace gestured to something Nathan was doing. He laughed and Elliot reached out to nudge her arm in a friendly way, shaking his head.
She couldn’t hear what they were saying but the easy exchange made her smile.
“All done.” Kara gave a deep sigh. “Not too bad.”
She set down the hammer and moved to sit by Maddy. She drew her knees up as well and rested her arms across them.
“Elliot still can’t figure out how he knows you.”
Kara jerked her head back and forth. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Why don’t you want him to know?”
“It’s not just him, it’s everyone here in Serenity Falls. In fact, I’d just as soon keep it all quiet.”
“But why?”
“Because Kara Jensen and Elise Bombay are two different people.”
Maddy frowned. She pulled her bandana off and shook it out.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Kara continued, reaching to wipe dust off one of her boots. “Just because I use a different name to write under doesn’t make me a different person. But it feels like it. Elise is the confident one, the one who writes what she wants and doesn’t have to deal with her past. Kara is...the one who had to come back here even though she didn’t want to. I don’t like equating the two–that involves all sorts of explanations and questions. People asking about the past and where I came from and why I left. All things I’d rather not discuss.”
“It’s part of what makes you who you are,” Maddy offered.
“There’s good and bad to that.”
She nodded. “Of course. But it’s both the good and the bad that make you who you are. That’s why you’re such a good writer, Kara. You put those emotions and the weight of your experiences into your characters.”
Kara gave a soft laugh. “Most of my stories are suspense, Maddy. It’s the nature of the character to be suspicious and the nature of the story to produce drama in their lives. I’d have some trouble with the plot without all that.”
Maddy nodded, glancing vaguely toward the sound of hammering at the edge of the deck.
“What’s going on?” Kara asked. “You’re distracted.”
“The star.” Maddy massaged a spot over her heart at the reminder of David.
Kara met her eyes. “Did something else happen?”
“This morning–”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“I was here–upstairs. I couldn’t say anything.”
“It’s getting worse–whatever is happening.” Kara frowned, eyes narrowing.
“I’m starting to wonder if we really are supposed to find those stars somehow.”
Kara gave a choked laugh. “Find the stars?”
“I’m serious. I–”
“Hey, you two,” Grace called from the doorway.
Maddy glanced over and heard Kara sigh at the distraction.
“Ready to go in?”
“Riley’s ordered pizza,” Nathan told them, wandering over to their side of the deck.
“Right.” Maddy accepted his help up. “I’m starving.”
She glanced back at Kara. Her friend met her eyes but didn’t say anything. Even after they started inside, she didn’t make any effort to continue the conversation. Or give any indication that she wanted to.
But Maddy couldn’t dismiss the idea. It made too much sense to her. Each of the women had been given years of fulfillment in their wishes, just short of a decade. And now, because the stars hadn’t been returned, the “gods” were starting to get angry.
It sounded ridiculous–the whole thing. Maybe they really did need help. Maybe they needed Riley–a new set of eyes and ears. Maybe they needed more. As far as Maddy was concerned, something was happening whether or not her friends believed her or understood it. The ball of dread in her stomach said it would get worse before it got better.




Chapter 15

That evening at the Summer Festival, the streets were full. Families milled about, children propped on father’s shoulders, and friends talked and laughed. Vendors prepared food and drinks, and lights from rides and games glittered in the evening air.
“It’s like nothing ever changed,” Nathan said.
Riley glanced over. “You haven’t been back since we were kids?”
“No.”
He didn’t question the faraway look there but knew Nathan had come back to Serenity Falls for more than just a change of scenery. “Do your parents still live at that place out on the lake?” 
Nathan nodded.
“Elliot has a place out there, too.”
Elliot nodded as they crossed the street to meet the women parked on the other side. “It’s on the south side, not too far from the new market.”
“The market.” Nathan nodded. “My folks complain about that place all the time–and everything else they’ve built over there. They still shop there, of course.”
Elliot laughed. “Of course. Because it’s convenient. Grace says it everyday, too, though–”
“What do I say?” Grace asked, sliding her arm through Riley’s.
“How they keep building and building around here, changing the town–”
“I know,” she replied with such passion Riley couldn’t help but share an amused smile with Nathan. “They should just leave things how they are. Your shop is fine, though, Elliot–but everything else–”
“Thanks, Grace.” Elliot smiled. 
“Where to first?” Riley asked.
“The Ferris wheel,” Maddy spoke up from behind him. “That’s always where we started when we were kids.”
A dozen or more rides were scattered in the parking lot of the library and community college, which stood next to each other at the southeastern edge of Parker Road. The Ferris wheel loomed over them, rotating in the night like a thousand colorful stars swirling in the air.
It had been a long time since Riley had come to the Summer Festival like this. With Grace, and with friends. It made Serenity Falls feel more like home. He stopped to get tokens, intending on stealing Maddy away for the ride. Coins purchased, he reached back for her hand.
“Ride with me?”
Her hand slid into his. He wrapped his fingers around her cool ones and saw Kara grin and grab Elliot’s arm. “Come on!”
He knew that left Grace and Nathan. Riley gave an inward chuckle. They’d manage.
Hand still closed around hers, Riley passed off the token to the attendant and waited for the next car to come around. Once Maddy settled next to him in the seat, he stretched his arm along the back of the car.
It was stop and go as the rest of the passengers were loaded in, lifting them up and into the night. Riley took the opportunity to turn to Maddy. Her hair hung past her shoulders, warm soft waves he wanted to reach out and touch. She’d dawned a light sweater to guard against the breeze of the evening and dashed on a hint of perfume that drifted in his direction. Or maybe it was her hair…
He shifted and tried to focus his thoughts. “Thanks for the help on the deck this afternoon.”
“It looks so good and we almost finished.” She smiled up at him. “I was glad to help. Maybe one day you can return the favor when I find my place.”
“Of course. I can help you look whenever you’re ready.”
“We’ll see how it goes. I’ll probably give it a little more time.”
Riley returned the smile with an easy one of his own. He leaned back to look into the car below theirs as the wheel moved again.
“Oh, Riley, don’t.” Maddy’s hand shot out to grasp his arm with cool fingers. “You’re making us rock.”
Riley grinned as he caught a brief wave from Grace. “Don’t like heights?”
She loosened her fingers with a nervous laugh. “I have to do it, though. It’s tradition. And that’s why we always do it first–to get it out of the way. So, no tipping please?”
“No tipping,” he promised.
Humor flickered in her chocolate eyes and she slid her hand back to the bar. He wished she’d move closer, hold onto him again. “Guess you probably should’ve ridden with someone else if you wanted to get the full experience.”
“No, I wanted to ride with you.”
They moved again and Maddy’s hands tightened on the lap bar. Then without warning, they were going round and round, the dark of night hovering over them in full now. The moon had risen and it lingered over the hills straight ahead. The skies were clear and white pinpoints of light glittered in the cool, night air.
“See,” Maddy said, loosening her hands. “I just had to get used to it.”
They made their second loop. A tinkle of laughter came from above.
Maddy grinned. “That’s Kara. Now, she wouldn’t mind the tipping.”
Riley waited a beat, and then asked, “Are you okay?”
She glanced over. “Of course, I–”
“No, I mean from earlier,” he said with a gentle smile. “At the house.”
He couldn’t help it. He had to ask. He needed to try to make some sense of the worry he’d seen behind those soft brown eyes. And he wanted to help.
“Riley...” Her hair brushed across her cheeks and then swept back as they rounded the top again.
He pressed his hand over hers on the lap bar and it disappeared beneath his. “You can tell me.”
Her hand flexed, then flipped to link with his.
“I don’t know,” she murmured. “Something isn’t right.”
“I want to help.” Even if he had no idea what he was helping with.
“I know.” Sadness lingered at the corners of her mouth. “Today in your house I thought...well, I was reminded of something about David. And I thought I saw something.”
“Saw what?”
She sighed and gave a small smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes. “Something I shouldn’t have seen.”
What had she seen? Why the vagueness?
The ride slowed to a stop. They were the first to get off, and they waited for the others to reach the ground.
“Let’s enjoy the carnival,” Maddy said, watching the Ferris wheel. “Just for tonight. And not talk about this now.”
Riley touched her elbow with a squeeze that he meant to be reassuring. He reigned in the questions he wanted to ask. She was right, it wasn’t the time. “I think we should get cotton candy.”
Maddy laughed, chocolate eyes warming again. “I agree.”
~ ~ ~
Maddy couldn’t recall having laughed so hard or talked so much in one evening in years. Probably not since David had been alive. She’d needed it so much. And it put what was happening with her–and the star and her friends–into perspective. There was something going on, she couldn’t deny it. But she knew she wasn’t alone.
And what about Riley? He’d said she could tell him. Something in her heart told her he was trustworthy.
They all ordered lemonades and pretzels. Maddy sat next to Nathan at an otherwise vacant table, waiting for Riley and Elliot to return with the food. Grace had taken Kara over to a booth and they were throwing darts at balloons in an effort to win something.
“Did I hear Riley say your parents still live in town?”
Nathan folded his hands on top of the worn and scratched table. “They’ve lived in Serenity Falls most of their lives.”
“Do you have brothers or sisters?”
“One brother, John. He lives in the city with his wife and my nephew. He’s two.”
Maddy propped her chin in her hands. “Do you see him a lot?”
Nathan smiled. “As much as I can. More before I moved back here. I have a picture–”
She scooted forward on the bench and waited while he flipped open his wallet. “My only nephew,” he said with a grin. “I have to.”
Maddy accepted the wallet-sized photo. The picture showed Nathan playing in a sandbox with a cute little boy who still had chubby cheeks and a baby grin.
“He’s cute.”
“That’s Colby.”
“I’ll bet that was one of the harder parts about moving away. Did you live close?”
“We did–me and my ex-wife. The divorce happened just before Colby was born, though.”
“Oh, I’m sorry–” Maddy stopped. “I didn’t know you were married before.”
“Riley probably wouldn’t have mentioned it.” Nathan slid his sneaker across the pavement, watching as he crushed a leaf. “It was difficult.”
Maddy shifted in her seat and saw with relief Kara and Grace returning to the table. She touched Nathan’s arm. “Look–they got a goldfish.”
Kara held up a glass bowl. “Look what we won.”
Riley and Elliot returned as well, with hands full of food and drinks.
“You got a pet,” Elliot said.
“Oh, no.” Kara immediately set the glass on the table. “I won it for Grace.”
“I don’t have time for pets” Grace scowled at the fish.
“It’s just a goldfish,” Elliot said.
“Then you take it.”
Elliot opened his mouth to respond but she was already picking up the fish and pressing the bowl into his hands.
Maddy laughed. “A mascot for the bookstore.”
He looked at the fish and then back at Kara, doubt clear on his face. “Are you sure?”
“Oh, yeah.” She grinned. “You can name him Wordsworth or Tolkein or something.”
“You can’t call a fish Wordsworth,” Grace said.
“Why not?”
“It’s a fish.”
Kara frowned. “So?”
“What would you call it, then, Grace?” Riley asked.
Grace wrinkled her nose at the fish again. “Sushi.”
“Disgusting,” Maddy said.
“Thank you.” Grace dropped herself onto the bench next to Maddy and bit into a pretzel.
“Okay, Sushi,” Elliot said, tapping on the side of the glass softly. “You’re our new mascot. But you better remind me to feed him, Maddy.”
“I’ll try. If nothing else, he’ll be a smart fish, hanging out around all those books.”
Grace stood again. “Come on, Maddy. Kara and I want to talk to you.”
They moved from the table, heading in the direction of the carousel. Her friends linked arms with her companionably, trapping her in the middle.
“So, Maddy,” Kara began, her green eyes mischievous, “we were thinking...”
“You were thinking what?”
Grace squeezed her arm. “We were thinking that you should move into the guesthouse.”
Maddy stopped walking. “What?”
Kara pulled on her arm to keep her going. “The guesthouse at the place Grandpa Moore gave us–”
“I know what you’re talking about,” Maddy said quietly. “But the guesthouse isn’t my place.”
“Okay,” Grace reasoned, slowing her pace, “we’re all supposed to decide what to do with it. And since we all can’t agree on that right now–”
“She means me,” Kara said.
“Since we’re not going to do anything with it right now,” Grace amended, “we figured somebody should at least get some use out of the guesthouse.”
But what about Grace? Maddy had told Riley she’d stay with her awhile. “You guys, maybe we should just wait.”
“You don’t want to stay there?” Kara asked once they reached the carousel.
Music played cheerfully in the background. Kids and their parents bobbed up and down with happy smiles.
“No, it’s not that–”
“So you do want to?” Grace asked.
Maddy sighed and watched the horses. A little girl giggled and waved to her mother who stood outside the ride taking pictures. A breeze blew past, whirling her hair off her shoulders. She turned back abruptly and looked at her friends, making a decision. “All right, I’ll be honest. I have two dilemmas with moving into the guesthouse.
“The first is that I sort of told Riley I’d stay with you awhile, Grace.” Maddy continued at the look on her face. “Don’t be mad. When Riley found out about the youth center, he was upset.”
“He always does that I’m-your-big-brother-so-I-know-better routine, but–”
“He was worried about you,” Maddy said. “I don’t think he thought you’d turn right around and decide you wanted to open another youth center.”
Grace smirked. “No, I bet he didn’t see that one coming.”
“So I wanted to help reassure him. I told him I’d stay with you awhile longer. And I wanted us to be able to spend time together.”
“Maddy, that was nice of you. And don’t think I don’t want you at my place. We just thought you might like something of your own. And we thought,” she glanced at Kara for confirmation, then shook her head and said, “I thought it might help us all figure out what’s going to happen with the house.”
Maddy nodded.
“And besides, you know you liked that little place. It was cute and charming. And close to the lake but not too far from work. Pretty much perfect for you.”
“I know,” she whispered. It was perfect.
“So what’s your other dilemma?” Kara asked.
“I just really wanted the place to feel like ours. All three of us together–because I know that’s what Grandpa Moore wanted.”
Maddy felt irrationally emotional and she rubbed absentmindedly at her eyes. She couldn’t seem to help it. The smell of cotton candy was sticky and sweet in the air, the horses behind her bobbed in time to a happy melody, yet she had tears in her eyes.
Grace moved forward and put her arms around Maddy. “It’s just the guesthouse, Maddy. It’s just a great little place that you already love and can get started at. The actual house is still ours.”
“I know,” Maddy said with a slight hitch in her voice. “But...”
“But nothing.” Kara wrapped her arms around both girls. “It’s still our place. Nothing is going to change that unless we all agree.”
Maddy sniffed and nodded. She breathed in deeply. “Okay.” Then she backed up, straightened her shoulders and nodded again. “We’d better ride some rides or something; I don’t want to spend the rest of the night trying not to cry.”
“I bet Riley will win you a teddy bear to cheer you up,” Kara said with a grin.
Grace laughed at the comment. She met Maddy’s eyes with a twinkle in her own. “I bet he would.”




Chapter 16

Rain slid down the window, distorting her view of the street outside. Yellow blurred into burgundy, blending together the mums and pots Maddy had set at the edge of the stairs.
“It’s not supposed to stop for a few days.” Elliot propped his arms on the counter in the bookstore. He looked at the glass bowl and watched Sushi swim back and forth a few times before reaching under the cash register to retrieve a container of fish food.
Both sides of the store were quiet, empty. It had been a slow day, giving Maddy time to call Kara and enlist her help. She expected her friend any time now.
“So I pulled out what I could find,” Elliot said after returning the fish food to its place under the counter.
Maddy reached behind her to retie her apron straps. “Pulled out what you could find about what?”
He lifted a stack of three books, setting them heavily on the counter. “Religion. African tribes, religious idols–”
“Elliot.” Maddy traced her hand over the top book. “You didn’t have to do that.”
That’s why she’d called Kara. So they could take the next step in figuring out the star. Research.
He gave a quiet laugh and gestured to the room. “As you can see, I had time. Is there anything specific I can help you look for?”
Maddy balked. She fiddled with her ponytail, wrapping the end of her hair around her finger. Elliot could help them and he was willing. But how could she explain this to him? Would he even believe it? Stars and words on signs and dead fathers in the forest.
It makes me sound crazy.
The door opened and Kara came through with a rush of cool, moist air. She carried a giant red and white umbrella, which she lowered, shook outside, and then dropped into the corner behind the door.
She raised her brows when she saw them both standing at the counter watching her. “Hello, Maddy. Elliot. Sushi.”
Maddy grinned. “You’re wet.”
Kara frowned at her jeans, splattered with dark wet drops. “I know. What were you thinking getting me out in this kind of weather?”
“Giving you break,” Maddy answered, laughing inwardly at the subtle look of warning Kara gave her in case she decided to mention writing. Or Elise Bombay. “You know, from the hotel–whatever daytime television shows you were watching.”
Kara smirked. “Right. Like you really need me here. I can see you’re so busy.”
“We’re feeding Sushi,” Elliot told her.
“Oh, good!” Kara smiled at him. “See? He’s a good pet.”
“Yes, very obedient.”
Kara leaned down to peek at the goldfish. He pecked at the food, oblivious to her stare.
“Elliot found some books that might help us.” Maddy pointed at the stack. Kara turned curious green eyes in her direction. “For that thing you and Grace and I were looking up.”
“I might be able to help more if I knew the specific object you’re looking for,” Elliot said, picking up the first book. “Or, like I said, you could check at the library.”
“I was planning on that next,” Kara said.
The phone on the desk rang. “Excuse me,” Elliot said.
Maddy nodded her head toward the café and Kara followed, her shoes clicking on the tile.
“I didn’t tell him about the star,” Maddy said immediately.
“Okay.”
“I only told him I was helping Grace research something.” She lowered her voice some. “An artifact from the store.”
“Okay.”
Maddy narrowed her eyes at Kara.
“What?” Kara ran her hands through her hair and frowned at her jeans again. “Did you think I was going to be mad at you or something?”
“Or something.”
Kara shrugged. “Maddy, I don’t care. If it helps us figure this out–if there’s anything to figure out–then it doesn’t matter who helps us.”
“So you think we should tell him what we’re looking for?”
“Sure. Why not?”
“You think Grace will be mad?”
“Why would she be?”
“Because logically there’s really nothing that connects the Wishing Star to what’s going on. And I’m not really sure Grace believes they’re connected either.”
Kara rested one of her hands on her hip and tapped a painted fingernail against her belt. Elliot’s voice was friendly in the other room as he talked to a customer. She gave a slow smile. “Well, I guess it’s up to you if you want to say anything. I mean, you actually have to live in this town.”
“Kara–”
“Come on. You and I both believe there’s something to this.” She let a low hiss of air escape through her lips. “That’s enough for me. It won’t hurt to do some research, right?”
Maddy nodded, though she wasn’t convinced. After all, nothing had happened to anyone else. She was starting to lean toward the Maddy’s crazy explanation. “No, I guess it wouldn’t hurt.”
~ ~ ~
Riley stopped in to see Grace after lunch. He’d already been by to see Maddy and get his coffee this morning. And though he wouldn’t have minded another visit, he figured he’d better let do her job.
Music played softly at the counter. A barstool sat next to Grace but she stood, drumming her pencil against the base of a lamp with a rhythmic tink that mimicked the sound of the rain outside.
“You’re the fourth customer of the day,” she said. “Congratulations.”
He winced. “That slow, huh?”
Grace dropped her pencil and boosted herself onto the stool. “It’s becoming the norm.”
Her words disturbed Riley. He’d started to worry the store wasn’t running as smoothly as it had in the past. But he also worried Grace’s heart wasn’t in it like it used to be.
“Grace, is there a problem with the store?”
She shook her head, blue eyes guarded. “It’s under control.”
“Grace–”
“Riley, there’s too much else going on to deal with this right now.”
“What else is going on?” He lowered his jacket to an additional chair next to the counter and moved to stand across from her. “Something you’re actually going to talk to me about?”
Grace opened her mouth in defense, but then closed it and raised a brow.
“I’m sorry,” Riley said. “But I’m frustrated because I want to help and I feel like I have no idea what’s going on.”
Grace propped her chin in her hands. “Did you talk to Maddy this morning?”
“I stopped by for coffee like I usually do. Why?”
Had Maddy said something to Grace about his visit? She’d been so sweet, so hesitant, he hoped she hadn’t changed her mind.
Grace arched a brow, the corner of her mouth tilting up in a half-smile. “That grin of yours tells me the visit was for more than just coffee.”
“I asked her to dinner.”
Grace’s response was a simple pat on his hand. “Good.”
They sat in silence as the rain tapped on the roof. The store felt too still and silent.
“We do need your help,” Grace said. Her blue eyes searched his. What she was looking for, he didn’t know. “Even if it’s just to help reassure Maddy that everything is okay.”
“What do you mean?” he asked, not prepared for the sincerity in her voice.
Chin still in her hands, she pursed her lips in thought. “I don’t know for sure, Riley. I can’t even really explain it all to you without sounding a little crazy.”
“Does it have to do with that book you keep looking at?”
She straightened and nodded. “We think it might.”
“‘We’?”
“Me and Kara and Maddy.” She paused, then added, “It involves all three of us.”
Riley held her gaze as a dozen questions went through his mind. She hopped off her chair and walked to the back office with a few fluid steps. He heard the slide of something heavy, and she returned with a book. The book. She pushed it across the counter.
“You should probably start by reading this.” Grace tapped the cover. “I marked the page.”
Riley pulled the book in front of him. Tribal Practices and Related Objects. Not very specific. He flipped it open, found where she’d marked, and read, “The Wishing Star.”
Grace nodded.
“Read it and see if you can figure out what it means,” she suggested. “And then come by tonight. We’ll all be there. Maybe we can finally make some progress.”
~ ~ ~
Elliot joined Kara and Maddy at the table in the café. He appreciated the slow business today and the cool and rainy weather. The perfect day to kick back with a good book. Suspense or mystery, perhaps, because those were his favorites. Or…one on African religion, as seemed to be the case this afternoon.
Kara reached across the table and grabbed the book on the top of the stack. She set it in front of her and looked up. “The Wishing Star,” she said in Elliot’s direction. “That’s what we’re looking for.”
Elliot jerked his head up. Kara had already begun flipping pages. His gaze traveled to Maddy’s.
“What?” Kara mumbled. When no one responded, she lifted her head.
Elliot had heard of the Wishing Star before–or at least, he’d heard the name. In fact, he’d said those very words to Maddy the first day he’d met her. He’d been telling her about a new book that was coming out…
“Am I wrong here?” Elliot asked Maddy. “Or is this the same Wishing Star?”
“It’s the same thing.”
Elliot rubbed a hand across his jaw. Something wasn’t adding up. Kara’s look of confusion told him there was more than one person at this table who didn’t have all the facts.
Kara snapped her book shut and tapped her nails against the cover. Her green eyes were calculating. “What?”
“I remember,” he told her calmly, “there’s this book by an author you might know–actually the book hasn’t been released yet.  But it has the same name.”
Kara started to say something, and then glanced at Maddy, who had become very interested in her own book. “What book is this?”
“A novel. Suspense. The author’s name is Elise Bombay.”
When another awkward silence ensued, he sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. It wasn’t long before Kara spoke again.
“How do you know this?” she burst out, lifting her hands in obvious frustration. She scooted her chair back, hopped down, and started to pace. “It’s not like I’ve told a lot of people–”
Elliot heard Maddy’s quiet laugh behind her book. She lowered it and he watched as she tried to soothe Kara.
“It’s doesn’t matter, Kara. It’s fine–”
“I know,” Kara answered, not placated, “but how did he even remember?”
Elliot frowned at her gesture to him. “Me? How did I remember about the book?”
“He has a good memory.”
“I do,” Elliot said absentmindedly. He shook his head. “But what do you mean it’s not like you’ve told a lot of people?”
“Tell him, Maddy,” Kara said, continuing to pace.
“Kara–”
“Well, he already knows something.”
Elliot gestured to the chair Kara had vacated. “Will you please sit down and tell me what’s going on?”
She stopped and glared at him.
“Please?”
Kara sighed, gave in, and returned to the table. She rested her hands flat and tapped the surface a few times with her fingers.
“Okay.” Elliot looked between Maddy and Kara, from amused brown eyes to troubled green ones. “I wasn’t trying to make anyone upset. All I wanted to do was help.”
“You are helping,” Kara murmured, though it didn’t sound like she meant it.
“But…?”
Maddy stood up this time. “I’m going to get us all coffee. And Kara, you tell Elliot why he thinks you’re so familiar.”
She moved into the kitchen. It wasn’t until he heard the clink of cups at the counter that Kara gave another heavy sigh and met his eyes.
“I’m a writer. I use another name to publish my books under. Elise Bombay.”
“Okay,” he heard Maddy say with laughter in her voice. “That was quick and to the point.”
Elliot barely noticed when Kara got up and began pacing again. Kara Jensen was Elise Bombay? No wonder she’d looked familiar. How had he not made that connection?
He turned in his seat, irritation giving way to curiosity. And why hadn’t Kara wanted him to know who she was?
“So you’re researching the star for your book?” he said, keeping casual.
Maddy came around the counter, holding two mugs by the handles. She paused. Kara glanced over and shook her head slowly.
“No, that’s not quite it either.”





Chapter 17

It hadn’t taken Riley long to read through the few pages about the Wishing Star. One page about its benefits, and the next about its drawbacks. But it was just an artifact like all the others Grandpa Moore had in the store. What did it have to do with Grace and Maddy and Kara? It also didn’t explain why it worried them so much.
Riley arrived at Grace’s shortly before dark, his wipers swishing through solid drops of cold rain. He drew the heavy book under his jacket, exited the car and jogged to Grace’s doorway, shoes splashing in shallow puddles. The rain splattered his hair and jacket and he entered without a knock.
He set the book on the table in the living room and slid gingerly out of his jacket. Water beaded off the sleeves and fell to the floor.
“You’re dripping.” Grace bustled over to grab his jacket and return it to the tiled entryway.
He hadn’t even seen her enter the room and hardly had time to watch her go before she came back in and gestured to the kitchen. He followed her, and the smell of something spicy.
Maddy stood at the stove in the kitchen, a wooden spoon in hand and purple apron around her tiny frame. Food sizzled in a skillet. “Grace, I–oh, hi Riley.”
Those brown eyes lit with a smile and his pulse bumped up in speed. “Hi, Maddy.”
“You’d think I have nothing else to wear. Every time you see me I’m in an apron.”
“I don’t mind,” he said. “In fact–”
“He’s a sucker for a woman in an apron,” Grace said with a straight face.
Maddy’s cheeks turned red and Riley bit back a grin.
“We’re making fajitas,” Grace said. She stood at the center island and started chopping bell peppers. The knife lifted and landed with a thud against the cutting board.
“Can I help?”
“Not much else to do. Kara will be here soon.” Grace moved one of her shoulders in a shrug. “You can sit and relax until she gets here.”
Riley went for the refrigerator instead and found a beer on the top shelf. He leaned in close to the stove, brushing up against Maddy. “She’s right you know,” he said in a low voice. “I am a sucker for a woman in an apron.”
The corners of her lips quirked. “Lucky you since that’s part of my uniform.”
He chuckled and took a seat at the round table next to the window. The shades were shut, but he could still hear the patter of rain against the roof, the streets, the cars. Usually he liked to watch it fall. But tonight he was more interested in what was on the other end of the kitchen.
He wasn’t quite sure what was so attractive about a sock-footed woman cooking in a cozy kitchen, but he enjoyed it nevertheless. Strips of steak sizzled before her and she stepped aside as Grace tossed in a variety of colorful peppers. Maddy caught his eye and her lips lifted in a secret kind of smile.
Why hadn’t he asked her to go to dinner tonight instead of this weekend? He didn’t want to wait. He wanted to spend more time alone with her and discover more about her. Every bit he learned, every moment he spent with her, he wanted more.
He heard the sound of the front door opening and an irritated voice yell, “Help!”
Maddy relinquished the spoon and wiped her hands on her apron. “I’ll get it.”
Grace finished washing her hands at the sink. She watched as Maddy left the room, then grabbed a towel and smirked at Riley. “You’re practically drooling.”
He took a long swallow of his beer and offered it to Grace. She grabbed it and took a swallow as well.
“I’m not going to dignify that with an answer,” he said.
She laughed. “It’s about time you asked her to dinner.”
“I know.” If she hadn’t been Grace’s friend and hadn’t lost a fiancé not too long ago, he might have moved faster.
She took another swig of his drink and nodded. “Just making sure.” She walked to the stove. “She tell you about the guesthouse?”
“What about it?”
“She’s thinking of moving in.” Grace folded the towel and returned it to the rack. “We just have to convince her to use it.”
Kara and Maddy came into the kitchen with Kara in mid-sentence. “So I don’t know how I got elected to do all the research.” Her cheeks were tinted red from the cold. She glanced over when she saw Riley, and lifted her hand to her forehead as if she had a headache.
“You spent the whole afternoon at the library, isn’t that like your home away from home?” Grace asked her with a smile.
Kara made a face at her and turned to Riley. “I didn’t know you were going to be here.”
“It’s really good to see you, too.”
“That’s not what I meant.” She looked to Grace.
“We need help figuring this out,” Grace said simply.
“Fine,” Kara replied immediately, “because we sort of told Elliot, too.”
“What?”
“Just that we were looking for information on the Wishing Star,” Maddy said in a soothing voice. She reached out and adjusted the heat on the stove. “Come on, let’s eat first. We’re going to confuse Riley.”
“You didn’t tell him anything else?” Grace asked, moving to the cabinet to get plates.
“No.”
“Sure you did,” Maddy said coyly. “She told him about Elise Bombay.”
Grace opened her mouth.
“The writer?” Riley asked.
“Oh, boy.” Kara sighed and collapsed into a chair opposite Riley. “Where’s my drink?”
“Okay.” Grace set the plates on the table, snagged another beer from the refrigerator, and looked Riley in the eye. “Remember how I told you that Kara is a writer?”
He gave a slow nod.
“Yeah, she’s Elise Bombay.”
Riley didn’t answer.
“That’s about the same reaction Elliot had,” Maddy said, lifting the pan off the stove and carrying it over to a hot plate.
Kara rolled her eyes, grabbing the beer from Grace. “Now that it’s all out in the open and I can’t hide behind my anonymity anymore, can we get to this?”
He leaned back in his chair as Maddy sat at the table. They all wisely kept their conversation off the topic of Elise Bombay.
Riley enjoyed the dynamic between the three women as they ate. They talked about work, the youth center, movies, books, and any number of other topics like they’d just picked up on a conversation where they’d left off.
When he had a chance to get a word in, he said, “These fajitas are excellent.”
“That’s his segue into talking about the book,” Grace informed Maddy and Kara.
Riley shrugged good-naturedly. She couldn’t blame him for being curious. Grace traced a finger on the side of her cold, frosted glass.
“I read the book.” Riley slid his plate to the side and rested his hands on the table. “I read everything it said about the Wishing Star–twice.”
“Did it make sense?” Maddy’s brown eyes searched his.
“Some of it.”
“Tell us your impression–what you got out of it,” Kara said.
Riley crossed his ankle across the opposite knee. His impression…that was more difficult than it sounded. “It seems like–to put it plainly–it seems like a myth. A myth in a culture that believes in gods and good luck charms. People who put their faith in objects for the manifestation of good fortune.”
“Yes, it sounds like a myth, but people really believe in this kind of stuff,” Grace told him, her blue eyes serious.
“I know they do. They believe all sorts of things.”
“I think,” Maddy said quietly, “these things are as real as people make them.”
“If someone were to believe in the power of the star, then what?” Grace asked. “It would be real?”
Riley held Grace’s gaze, trying to draw out more than what she’d already told him. “Is that what happened? Is that why you’re asking?”
Neither Grace, nor Maddy, answered so Kara sighed and spoke up. “We found the stars at the antique shop when we were younger. We read the book, too, and made the wishes. And now something’s happening. We think it has to do with the stars. Something started when we came back and it’s not good.”
~ ~ ~
“We need coffee,” Kara said to no one in particular.
Maddy started to move off the couch, feeling like she needed to do something. “I’ll make some.”
“Sit down, Maddy,” Grace told her firmly. “You make coffee all day. I’ll do it.”
Maddy settled against the cushions again and twisted her hands in her lap. It was one thing to talk about books and do research about the Wishing Star–it was another to explain what had happened because of the star. Riley sat next to her on the couch, turned slightly in her direction. How could she tell him what happened?
“Here are the books Drew gave me at the library.” Kara knelt at the coffee table. “He said there might be a few more in the reference section but I couldn’t check those out.”
Riley cleared his throat and leaned forward on the couch, resting his elbows on his knees. “What exactly are you looking for in those books?”
“More about the star.”
“We don’t know what we’re looking for,” Maddy said honestly. Her voice pitched lower when his eyes held hers. “Not unless it’s a sort of Cliff’s Notes to what the book said about the star. Preferably something more specific.”
“Yeah, and what we’re supposed to do about it,” Kara added.
Grace returned, dropping herself into the nearest chair with a sigh. “Okay, so where do we start?”
“It would really help if you started at the beginning,” Riley answered, gaze leaving Maddy’s.
Kara continued to page through the book she’d opened. Grace gave an absentminded nod. “The beginning. Sure, we could that.”
She felt relief when Grace told the story. No off the track details, just the facts. They found the star at Grandpa Moore’s store. They made wishes. And they believed in the stars, that was key. Then they all moved on in life feeling as though their paths were on point–wishes granted. Until things started to change. Maddy lost David, she couldn’t get the star out of her mind, and they’d all returned.
“Since you’ve both been back,” Riley said to Kara and Maddy, “what’s happened?”
Kara shrugged. “We saw those stars in the house,” she said, looking at Maddy, “but otherwise…”
“It’s just been me,” Maddy whispered, clasping her hands tightly and keeping her eyes down. “I’m the only one who’s seen anything.” She considered this with a new revelation. “Maybe it’s just me…”
Kara reached out and touched her leg. “It’s not you, Maddy.”
“Then why am I the only one who’s seen anything?”
“Maybe this is just starting with you.” Grace looked at Maddy, and then narrowed her eyes in thought. “Maybe…”
“You threw the star first,” Kara said suddenly. She closed the book she was looking at with a snap. “You made your wish first, Maddy, and you threw the star first. Maybe that’s why this has started with you.”
Maddy held her gaze. “And if we’re supposed to return the stars, like the books says, then mine was the first to go–”
“So it should be the first that needs to be returned.” Grace nodded. “It makes sense.”
“The book did say the stars need to be returned. You think that means literally?” Riley asked. “You threw the stars over the waterfall.”
Kara gave a short laugh. “Yeah, that is a dilemma.”
“I think it’s literal,” Maddy said. “It sounds literal. And the rest of what’s happening–it’s real. What I’ve seen feels so real.”
“What have you seen?” Riley asked softly. When she didn’t answer, he reached out to curl his hand around hers.
“I saw my dad,” she said, reliving that rush of fear she’d felt on the balcony. “He said my name, Madison, like he always used to say it. He was standing there, in the trees, calling my name.” She squeezed Riley’s hand tighter, relieved when he didn’t pull away–when he seemed to believe her. “And at your house, Riley, I thought…it felt like David was there. I walked to your room and inside there were words on the wall. ‘David’s Dead.’ That’s what it said, in big letters like–”
“Maddy,” Riley soothed. He slipped his arm around her shoulders. “It’s okay. That’s enough.”
Maddy swallowed the words and leaned against him. Her shoulders lifted, tight and tense and the hitch in her breath made her throat raw. Tears pooled at the corners of her eyes, making her vision swim.
“Coffee,” Grace decided in her quiet, sure voice. “I’ll pour the coffee, we’ll just relax–”
Maddy felt another catch in her breath and she stood abruptly. She rubbed her forehead, feeling the start of a dull ache. “I’m sorry. I’m tired. I think–I think I’ll just go to bed.”
“Maddy–”
“It’s okay.” She gave Grace a brief hug as she passed. She barely turned to toss a quick wave at Kara and Riley, who had stood, determined to get to her room before the emotions spilled over. “Goodnight.”
She quickened her pace to reach the spare room. Once the door was shut, Maddy sat on the edge of the bed, unable to stop the flood of tears. She hadn’t cried over David, cried about her father, let the emotion escape with the decision of her move…she hadn’t done these things in weeks. Or years. Or never in some instances.
Maddy sunk to her side, curling her knees up, and smothered her sobs with her pillow.
~ ~ ~
Riley returned to the couch but his eyes still strayed to the guest room where Maddy had disappeared. “Do you think she’s okay?”
Grace nodded and handed him a mug. “Drink this.”
Kara joined him on the couch. She held her own mug. “Don’t worry, Riley. I’ll see if she’s okay before I go.”
Kara’s offer gave him more reassurance but he wanted to go in there himself. He wanted to give her a shoulder to lean on or cry on. To take care of her.
“She also saw a warning on the Serenity Falls sign,” Grace told him in the midst of his thoughts. “The first day she got here. And a message on her phone when we visited the guesthouse.”
Memory hit him with a sharp slap. That day in the guesthouse when she’d recoiled from her phone as if it had just bit her–that had been because of the star.
Riley sipped gingerly at his coffee. It was hot and strong, the way Grace liked it, but it was welcome. What he’d heard from the women tonight was not what he’d been expecting. And it was far more intense than he would have imagined.
“It said, ‘Leave now’,” Grace continued. “The sign.”
His teeth clenched. Her father at the youth center, a reminder of her fiancé, and words telling her to leave on her first day back in Serenity Falls. All things to hit at her weak spots.
“We think this might be happening because the book said to return the stars–and we haven’t,” Kara said. “Is that what you got from the book, too?”
“If it’s literal and the stars do need to be returned then it would make sense. In the book…” He sighed and said honestly, “This sounds ridiculous, but in the book it said the gods will be angry if the stars aren’t returned.”
“And because Maddy threw the first star, this is all focused on her. She’s the first one who needs to return the star,” Grace said.
Riley squeezed his hands around the mug until the heat was too much to take. He didn’t like it. It made sense, but he didn’t like it. “Okay, so if everything the book said is accurate, you only have ten years to get the stars back.”
“Wait,” Kara said, grabbing his arm, nearly causing him to spill his coffee. “You think we only have ten years?”
“A decade. That’s what it said.”
Grace gave a grim and matter-of-fact smile. “Perfect. I was hoping we could overlook that part–but you’re probably right.”
Riley set his mug on the coffee table and shook his head. “I still don’t buy it.”
“What?”
“We’re talking about stars here, inanimate objects. They don’t control your lives–”
“You said it was the belief in the stars.”
“It is.” Riley scratched his chin. “It is. But this is–”
“Insane,” Grace said. “I know. And hard to believe.”
“But we believed it then.” Kara’s gaze was level with his.
Riley considered this and realized it did make things more complicated. “I know,” he said reluctantly. “So that means we might have a problem.” Riley stood then, a thought entering his mind. Something he hadn’t considered before. “You believed it then, believed it as your lives continued, and whatever power you gave it then has followed you to now.”
“Like it has a life of its own.” Kara leaned back against the couch cushions. “That’s creepy.”
“What exactly are you saying, Riley?”
“The stars are evil. There’s evil surrounding them and in believing in them.” He pocketed his hands, glancing to the guest room again. “Which means you have to get those stars back.”





Chapter 18

“Hey, what are you doing?” Maddy twisted her head to look at Kara as she pulled off the main road. Instead of heading toward the city, Kara turned down the long familiar street leading to their inherited house.
“Grace wanted to meet us here for a few minutes.”
Maddy narrowed her eyes. “I thought she had to work.”
Kara shrugged, but wouldn’t say anything else.
“You guys are doing something sneaky, I know it. Is she coming with us?”
Kara shook her head. “I don’t think so.”
Maddy propped her arm along the windowsill. The trees littered leaves on the street, paving the road with auburn and gold and deep orange. It made the house Grandpa Moore had left them a charm to visit.
The gravel crunched as they approached the building. “Kara…”
“Oh, look.” Kara pointed. “I think she’s back in the guesthouse.”
“Kara,” Maddy tried again, giving a grudging laugh. Kara parked them in front of the guesthouse and put on the break. She got out of the passenger seat. Grace’s car settled in front, still clinking as the engine cooled.
Kara disappeared inside the small home. Maddy had no choice but to follow. When she stepped through the door, she stopped right away.
“Surprise?” Grace said, looking unsure.
Kara made a face. “I know, I’m a horrible actress. I told you she wouldn’t believe whatever story I made up.”
“No, it’s not that.” Maddy moved further into the room and already noticed the change. “I’m surprised…what is this…?”
Grace hurried over and linked arms with her. “Okay, you can say no, but we thought we’d help you with your new place.”
Kara nodded before Maddy could say anything. “You like this place, we both saw it. And you need somewhere to live–”
“And despite what Riley said, I’m okay by myself–”
Maddy laughed at Grace’s comment. “All right, I get it.”
“See?” Kara said with a proud grin. “We got you started.”
Maddy let her gaze travel the length of the room. The floor had been swept and a cozy, worn chair sat in the corner of the living room. A familiar, wood table with decorative legs stood on the other side, just outside the tiny kitchen.
She moved forward and ran her hand along the surface. “Is this…?”
Grace nodded. “It’s from the store. Consider it a house warming gift.”
“Grace.” Maddy caught her in a hug.
“Hey–me too!” Kara interjected. “Mine’s in here.”
Maddy followed her, excited now, into the back bedroom. It was near empty, save for the queen sized four poster in the middle of the room. It was loaded with fluffy pillows the color of a pale blue sky, and a down comforter.
“You got me a bed?” Maddy asked, amazed. “How?”
“Riley helped get it in here. And Nathan because he heard we were moving stuff–”
“It’s a guy thing,” Grace said.
Kara laughed. “Right. So, it’s a start.”
“It is,” Maddy murmured, overcome with emotion. “You guys…”
She accepted another round of hugs, not knowing how to thank her friends. Not for what they’d done–they knew that was appreciated–but for taking the initiative to get her into the guesthouse. She hadn’t realized until now how much she wanted it.
“I have to get back to work.” Grace gestured to the door. “Sorry. Riley’s covering for me.”
“It’s fine,” Kara said. “We’re going anyway.”
“Have fun.”
Kara and Maddy walked out with Grace and waved goodbye. They both got in the car as well and were soon on the road to the city.
“We plugged in all the appliances and cleaned up some but there’s still a lot to do.”
Maddy shifted in her seat to smile at her. “It’s perfect. Fixing it up will be the fun part.”
“I’m glad,” Kara said. She brushed her hair back with an absentminded swipe. “I really need a haircut.” She glanced over and added, “We thought the guesthouse might help keep our minds off the star, or at least give us a distraction.”
“It’s good you did. You can help me,” Maddy told her, voice lifting an octave in her excitement. “I’d like to paint and I have to get all my stuff out of storage. That was really nice of you and Grace. And Riley.”
Kara nodded. “He felt pretty bad about the other night.”
Maddy chewed on her lower lip and squeezed her hand around the seatbelt. “I just–I couldn’t talk about it then.”
“That’s completely understandable. Riley knows that, too. He felt bad because you even had to talk about it in the first place.”
Maddy sighed. Her eyes strayed to the homes, the trees, the cars outside her window. “I feel like whatever is causing all of this, causing me to see and feel these horrible things, is trying to–to get at me where I’m most vulnerable. Does that make sense?”
Kara glanced over. “Like it’s trying to target the memories or dilemmas in your life that are the most difficult to deal with. It goes along with what Riley said.”
“What did Riley say?”
“After you went to bed, Riley said he thinks whatever this is–this power–well…basically it’s evil. So, consequently, it doesn’t have our best interest at heart. If it knows it can disrupt our lives, it’s going to keep doing it.” She flexed her hands on the wheel. “And it’s going to play dirty.”
Anger flickered inside. Taunting her with the memory of David was definitely playing dirty. “So what do we do?”
“I think we kind of concluded that we literally have to get the stars back. Which also means the timeframe is literal.”
Maddy’s head jerked in her direction.
Kara shrugged, offering a reassuring smile. “Right, you weren’t there for that part either. Riley thinks we only have ten years to return the stars. Sort of like what you were trying to say.”
Air pooled in her lungs. Of course she’d considered it, but it was easier to put it out of her mind. But now more was happening, and she couldn’t ignore it as easily. She released the breath in a sharp hiss. “Do you think that’s right?” 
Kara licked her lips and glanced in the rearview mirror. “I want to deny it with every fiber of my being, which is a pretty good indication that it’s probably true.” She frowned. “Yes.”
“I was afraid you were going to say that.” 
“Listen,” Kara said, pausing at a stoplight and looking over, “we’re not going to figure this out if all we do is stress about it. In fact, that will probably make it more difficult. Let’s enjoy the evening.” She smiled. “And your date tomorrow. And then we’ll figure it out. The more time that passes, the more we learn anyway.”
Maddy tried to be reassured by that–and the fact they all seemed to be on the same page. Even Riley. There was comfort in knowing he knew what was going on. That the moments at his house upstairs or out on the balcony at the youth center wouldn’t go unexplained. Even more reassuring was that he believed them. He believed her.
But if they only had ten years and Maddy had been gone for more than nine of them…
“It’s my treat,” Kara mentioned, “so we’re doing it all.”
“Doing what all?”
“Manicures, pedicures, facials,” she rattled off, on familiar ground, “and hair.”
Maddy reached up automatically, touching the ponytail she found she’d been wearing a lot. “I wouldn’t know what to do with it. It’s been the same forever. I don’t know…”
“Well, I do,” Kara replied without hesitation. “We’re almost there. Oh, and we could look for a new outfit, too, if you want. For tomorrow night.”
“I don’t even know where we’re going for dinner.”
“I do.”
“What?”
Kara smiled and flicked on her blinker. “I asked Riley.”
“Kara.”
“I was curious so he told me.”
“And?”
“Oh, it’s good,” she said, nodding. “Yep, you’ll like it. Nice, but not extreme. Just out of town but not too far. You’ll like it.”
“Kara, you’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”
Kara parked the car. “Of course. I get to live vicariously through you.”
~ ~ ~
Kara was glad Maddy had decided to trust her with the outfit and her hair because it had been worth it. Maddy had always been low-key, modest, simple–in a wonderful Maddy way, of course. She was fine with it and David had loved that Maddy.
But this was the new Maddy, the woman she was now in Serenity Falls. Independent, confident–or getting there–and a knockout if Kara said so herself. But there was also much of the old Maddy, who Kara loved dearly. Always, always looking out for everyone else, trying to make good out of the bad. Endlessly sweet and sincere.
“You look so good,” Kara said for the second time since they’d returned to the car. They neared Serenity Falls and night was growing close.
“I’m still getting used to it.”
“You don’t like it?”
Maddy pulled down the visor again and checked the mirror, as much as she could see in the dim light. “My hair has different colors in it.”
“Highlights.”
“And I have bangs.”
Kara smiled. “Sort of. It just frames your face better.”
“Well, yeah. I guess it does.” Maddy tilted her head, gave it a small shake and let her hair fall over her shoulder. Kara saw her give the mirror a smile. “It does.”
“Grace is going to be speechless.”
“I’d like to see that.”
Another dark curve led them to the edge of Lake Serenity. The sky dimmed to a rich, royal blue at the horizon. Stars appeared in the crisp night.
“You have to let me help you with your makeup tomorrow night.”
Maddy laughed. “I don’t have much.”
“I do.”
“Right. What was I thinking?”
“Are you nervous?”
Maddy shifted in her seat. “I think I am a little. No, a lot.”
“Maddy…”
“It’s been awhile. With David it was so easy. We just met when we were with friends, in college, and ended up spending most of the evening together. There really wasn’t a first date or dressing up–or going out to dinner at a restaurant you won’t tell me the name of.”
Kara chuckled. She slowed for another curve and glanced at Maddy. “I know it’s different. But different doesn’t have to be bad.”
“But does it have to be so scary?”
Kara put a comforting hand on her arm.
“I know, you’re right. It doesn’t have to be bad.”
The lake loomed to their right. In the moonless night, it looked like a great dark hole in a deep valley. Even the lights from homes on the other side did little to brighten the ominous surface. Kara flipped on the heater, feeling a sudden chill in the car. Her eyes moved between the road and the lake. There were three metal stars somewhere in those waters…how would they ever find them?
“Kara!”
She jerked the wheel. Something dark and quick darted in front of the car. She pulled to the right as the thing–it looked like an animal, a large one–dashed past her bumper. She hit the brakes and the car skidded on gravel at the side of the road, narrowly missing a tree.
The vehicle settled to a stop, unevenly parked on a hill of dirt and what she assumed were rocks. Maddy had her hands braced against the dashboard, her eyes wide.
Kara’s heart beat wildly. “Are you okay?”
She nodded. “You?”
“Yes. Was it a dog?”
“It looked like a dog–a big one. Or maybe a wolf.”
“A wolf…” Kara let out a quiet breath. “That was close.” Her hands still shaking, Kara turned off the car and leaned back in her seat. “Did we run over something? Rocks?”
Maddy reached for the door handle. “Let’s see.”
She removed the keys from the ignition, then reached in the glove compartment, relieved when her hand closed over cold metal. A flashlight. Once outside, Kara flipped it on.
“Over here.” Maddy waved at her.
Kara rounded the car. Her breath gathered in the cold air, lifted, then vanished in the night. She shined the flashlight on the front tire and leaned in close. “It’s flat.”
“What?”
“Look.”
Maddy bent closer as well. She sighed. “You’re right.”
“Was it a rock?”
Maddy scanned the area. “I don’t know. I guess it’s possible.”
“Wonderful,” Kara said, feeling the cold beginning to seep through her sweater. “Do you know how to change a tire?”
“Do you have a spare?”
Kara stood from her crouch, careful with the rocks and gravel littering the side of the road. The water was so close she could hear it lapping against the shore. The waterfall roared in the distance.
“Did you hear that?” Maddy whispered.
“What?”
Gravel crunched on the other side of the road. Kara swung the flashlight in that direction. She saw trees, skid marks on the road, displaced gravel…
Maddy shifted close to her side. “Maybe it’s the dog–wolf, whatever. Maybe it was hurt.”
Gravel crunched again. A sound, almost like footsteps. Kara shined the flashlight on the trees and along the road. She stepped forward a few feet.
“Kara–”
She stopped. “I’m just looking.”
A low, grumbling noise sounded. At first so quiet, so deep, Kara thought it might be distant thunder. Then the noise grew louder.
“There.” Maddy pointed with a shaky finger.
The flashlight reached easily to the wolf. Large, darker than she’d expected, and hairy. Eyes glowing the color of embers from a fire. It crouched low in a menacing stance, grumbling out a warning. Kara grabbed Maddy’s arm with the strength of a vise.
“Is that what ran in front of the car?”
“It looks like it,” Maddy whispered in return. “It is a wolf.”
“I don’t think it’s hurt.”
“I don’t think it’s happy.”
The wolf growled louder and stepped forward with one purposeful paw. Kara let the flashlight slip, the reflection bouncing off the ground, and then the trees as she struggled to right it. The light flickered off.
Maddy’s grip tightened on her arm. “Kara–”
The wolf moved forward one slow step at a time. He raised his head, staring them down with menacing eyes. Its growl increased in intensity.
Maddy backed up. Kara moved with her, keeping her eyes on the wolf. A shiver shook her body and she bumped into a car.
“Get in, we should get in–”
Kara grabbed for the handle, pulled. The door didn’t open. 
“It’s locked.” Maddy’s voice rose.
“I didn’t lock it–”
“The keys!”
Kara fumbled in her pockets, willing her hands to work. They refused to bend, shaking like the rest of her. The growl reverberated in the night air.
“Hurry, Kara–”
“I am! Maddy!”
The wolf crouched, looked ready to attack. Its eyes glowed; jaws open in a hungry smile. Kara instinctively moved in front of Maddy and poised herself for an attack.
It snarled and started to spring.





Chapter 19

The glare of headlights cut through the night. Distracted, Maddy’s eyes moved away from the road for a second. When she looked back, the wolf was gone. Still frozen in the icy grip of terror, all she could do was stare.
The wolf couldn’t have run away, not that quickly, not without them seeing. It was ready to spring, to jump like a rabid animal. Then suddenly, in a split second, it vanished into the night.
Maddy was vaguely aware of a car slowing to a stop on the other side of the road. She was more aware of Kara turning, her face pale, almost white–obvious even in the poor light.
“Are you okay?” Maddy asked her. She grabbed her friend’s arm. “Kara?”
“I’m okay.” She drew a shaky breath. “It’s gone–the wolf.”
“I know.”
“Do you think…?”
Something to do with the star. The thought came immediately. Of course. It was the same feeling she’d gotten when she saw her father in the woods behind the youth center. The same slap of shock when she’d seen the words, David’s Dead.
“Maddy? Kara?”
The women looked over as one.
“Elliot,” Maddy breathed, relieved to see him. “What are you doing here?”
“I was on my way home from work–is everything okay?” His eyes narrowed, concern racing across his features. “Is it your car?”
“Yes,” Kara said, finding her voice quicker than Maddy. “Yes, we got a flat tire.”
He peered closer at her face. “Are you sure you’re okay? What were you looking at when I pulled up?”
“There was an animal in the road,” Maddy said quickly. “That’s what made us swerve.”
“You have a flashlight?”
“It’s not working–” Kara broke off when she flipped the switch. A strong beam of light appeared. Maddy saw her grit her teeth and hand it over. “It’s this one over here.”
Elliot followed Kara to the other side of the car. Maddy let her gaze sweep the opposite side of the street. Nothing there but Elliot’s car. The night seemed less dark now, not nearly as menacing, but she shivered anyway. Cold seeped through her jacket. She wanted to get out of here.
She joined Elliot and Kara, shoving her hands into her jacket pockets.
“Do you have a spare?” he asked.
“It’s a rental, there should be one in the back.”
Elliot rose from his crouch. “I could change it if you’d like, or give you a ride home and we can deal with it tomorrow.”
Kara looked over at Maddy. “If it doesn’t take too long, could you just help us change it?”
“No problem.”
Elliot got to work and Kara held the flashlight for him. Maddy stood next to her, pulling her jacket tighter around her as the night cooled even further. The stars above twinkled as though they’d all decided to come to a party. It was dazzling–and eerie.
“I believe you, Maddy,” Kara whispered when the wind picked up. Water lapped on the shore behind them.
“About what?”
“All those things you saw. The sign, your father…”
Maddy looked over. “I thought you believed me before.”
Kara gave her a grim smile. “I really believe you now.”
~ ~ ~
Riley had to check his step as he crossed the street to Serendipity. He wasn’t going to help Maddy by worrying about what had happened last night, but he still felt the need to check in on her. Just to see for himself that she was all right.
Riley gripped the door handle tight. A wolf? What was it doing out there on the road? What was it doing intentionally going after someone? Kara or Maddy could have gotten hurt.
Inside the bookstore, Elliot loaded books onto a shelf. He nodded a greeting to Riley and continued working. Maddy was out among the tables of the café, a wet rag in hand. She angled a smile in his direction and moved toward the counter.
“Hold on.” He caught her arm before she could round the counter for the coffee. Her eyes registered surprise. “Are you okay?”
Surprise changed to understanding. She set the rag down and crossed her arms. There was something different about her this morning, something he couldn’t quite place in his state of mind. 
“Have you been talking to Grace?” she asked.
“I just came from over there.”
“She told you about last night, then.”
Riley gave a curt nod.
“Well…” Maddy grabbed the rag again and moved behind the counter. “Then you know what happened.” She snagged a mug off the counter next to her and turned to him, bracing a hand on the surface. “Are you going to drink it here or do you need a to-go cup?”
“Would it be too much to ask for assurance first?” He shifted to stand on the opposite side of the counter, but captured her hand beneath his. “That you really are okay?”
Maddy’s features softened. “I’m really okay, Riley. And so is Kara. Scared us to death, though.”
“Not funny.” He didn’t like that assessment, but it was better than what could have been. He squeezed her hand. “I’m going to help figure this out. I don’t like this happening to you.”
“Me either,” she murmured, looking down to their hands.
He slid his thumb across her knuckles and then released her. “To go, I think. Because I won’t be such excellent company.”
“Riley–please try not to worry.”
He couldn’t promise that much but he did say, “I’ll be better company tonight.”
She switched the mug for an insulated paper cup. “You still want to go?”
“I do. As long as you want to.”
“I really do.” She filled his cup.
He paid for the coffee. “I’ll see you at 6:30 then?”
“6:30.”
Riley left Serendipity with an increased urgency to figure out what was behind the star–or at least how to stop it.
~ ~ ~
“Was Kara able to find some place to get a new tire?”
Maddy brushed the broom along the floor. “I think she got out earlier this morning to find something. Thanks again for stopping to help us last night.”
“It wasn’t any trouble. I’m glad I came along when I did.”
Maddy moved the broom again before asking, “Are there a lot of animals out by the lake? Do you ever see any around your house?”
Elliot ran a hand through his thick brown hair and shifted his weight from one foot to the other. His pale eyes were thoughtful. “Sure, on occasion. Raccoons mostly. I saw a fox last summer.”
“What about…wolves?”
Elliot met her gaze, the steadiness of it unnerving her. “Wolves.”
Maddy smiled and kept sweeping, trying to act nonchalant. “I just thought…well, what we saw last night was bigger than a raccoon. I thought it might be a wolf, but you know, it was probably a dog.”
“I guess it’s possible, though it would surprise me.”
“A dog, then,” Maddy concluded, reaching for the dustpan.
“You don’t seem so sure.” Elliot gestured to one the café tables. “Have a seat.”
“Elliot,” Maddy said. “I’m almost finished. Paris will be here soon.”
He nodded. “I know. And she’ll appreciate what you’ve already done.” He scooted a chair out with his foot. “Take a break. I’ll even pay you for it.”
She rolled her eyes with a laugh. “If you insist.”
She set aside the broom and joined him at the table.
“What did it look like?”
Maddy held his gaze. “Honestly?”
“Honestly.”
“A wolf.” When he didn’t respond, Maddy continued, “I saw one at the zoo once–and what we saw last night looked exactly like that. But bigger. And…it had dark hair.”
He rubbed a hand across his jaw. “Sounds like you got a good look at it.”
“We saw it again. After we swerved to the side of the road. That’s what we were looking at when you got there. It…tried to attack us.”
“Attack you?” He leaned forward and braced his arms on the table.
“It was growling and sort of stalking us from across the road. It looked like it was getting ready to jump right at us, then you pulled up.”
“Scared it off, then?”
Maddy gave a slow nod. “You must have.”
Elliot leaned back in his chair again, crossing one ankle over the other knee. “I like you, Maddy. And Grace is a good friend. Your other friend Kara is…interesting.” He offered a smile. “But it seems like you three are really close.”
“We are,” Maddy said softly. She shifted in her seat.
“It also seems like…how do I say this? You’ve been distracted the whole morning–”
“I’m sorry, Elliot. I know it got busy and I fell a little behind–”
“No, Maddy.” Elliot reached out a hand to reassure her. “That’s not what I mean at all. You’re doing an excellent job. I just feel like, as your friend, you seem like you’re worried about something. I just wanted to let you know you can talk to me if you need to. I know you have your friends. And Riley. But, if you need to talk, if you need help with anything, I’m here.”
Maddy sighed. Then she slipped off her chair and gave him a hug. “I really appreciate it, Elliot.” She snatched the broom, because if she didn’t, she’d probably break down and tell him everything right there. And it wasn’t just her decision. “I’m going to finish up here so I can get going.”
She saw him nod, eyes still thoughtful, wondering what he thought was going on. It didn’t make that much more sense to her.
She waited until Paris came in, stayed a few minutes to talk, then said goodbye to Elliot and left Serendipity. She planned on meeting Kara at Grace’s house to prepare for the evening.
It was a quick drive in the cool, gusty afternoon. But to Maddy it seemed to take forever. The anticipation of this evening had taken hold early this morning and built all day. It was a good train of thought that kept other ideas from popping up. Would she think about David during dinner? Would she be able to relax enough to enjoy the night?
And what about the star? It had tried to invade her happy thoughts all day. She’d turn to make a latte and think of the stars at the house she and her friends had inherited. Or she’d grab for a cinnamon roll and remember the toothy grin of the wolf creature from the night before. Then she’d ring up a sale, smile at the customer and wonder how in the world they were supposed to find three stars in a lake full of water.
When Maddy arrived at Grace’s house, she noted the lawn had been raked and wondered when Grace had found time to clean it all up. Kara’s car was already parked along the street. Maddy walked by the front tire and saw it had been replaced. 
Inside, she dropped her purse on the table by the door. She slipped out of her shoes immediately and followed the sound of pages flipping to the living room. Kara looked comfortable in a chair, two books across her lap and a pad of paper on the arm of her seat. A glass of wine sat on the table next to her. She jotted something on the paper before looking up.
“Hey there.”
Maddy sat on the couch. “What are you doing?”
“Making notes.”
“About the star?”
“Yep.” She held up the notepad. “All kinds of useless stuff. But at least it makes me feel like I’m making some kind of progress.”
“Did you find anything new?”
Kara set the pen on top of the paper and leaned back in the chair. She extended her arms in a long stretch. “Well, I did find a few things in this book. Most of it’s pretty general but it might be worth taking another look at. Mostly I was just making notes about what already happened and highlighting the key things we know so far.”
“Which are?”
Kara looked down. “The stars have to be returned in the order they were thrown–as far as we know. So yours, mine, then Grace’s. We have until your birthday next year to find them all.”
“That’s right,” Maddy murmured, surprised she’d forgotten already. “It was my birthday.”
“You wished for a real family,” Kara continued. “And so far you’ve seen things regarding your father and David.”
“What about the sign and the wolf last night?”
“I think those were maybe just to scare us.”
Maddy considered this with a belated nod. “I guess if whatever power is behind this star doesn’t want us to find the stars and return them, it might tell me to leave, like the sign did.”
“Though it seems kind of contradictory that the book would tell us to return the stars but the power behind the stars wouldn’t want us to.”
“It makes sense in a weird sort of way. It wouldn’t want us to because then we have to deal with this kind of thing for the rest out lives.” Maddy met Kara’s eyes. “The distractions, the uncertainties, all the things that have scared us–or are going to scare us. It’s evil.”
Kara held her gaze for a long moment, then abruptly looked away. She checked her watch. “We should get started.”
Maddy looked to the clock on the mantle. “We have two hours.”
“Then we’d better get to it,” Kara said, closing the books and dumping them on the coffee table. “We can talk more about this later, get everyone’s opinions.”
Was she stalling? Or did she really think they would need two hours?
Maddy stood and followed Kara into her bedroom. Kara pulled out Maddy’s outfit and turned. “Okay, you shower first and I’ll get all this ready.”
Maddy watched her for a minute, her intent search to find the right shoes and accessories. Just like when they were younger. Maddy moved toward the bathroom, laughing when she heard Kara talking to herself. Grace was like a mother figure, always trying to do the logical thing–the responsible thing. And Kara…Kara was like her sister.
Maddy had already been friends with Grace a full month before Kara showed up, wandering into the youth center to look at Grandpa Moore’s collection of books.
She’d been nonchalant when she’d told them she lived between Serenity Falls and the city, in a trailer park that might as well have had its own zip code. Maddy interpreted it that Kara didn’t really think it fit in. Kara didn’t really fit in either. She seemed far too confident and sure of where she was going to have wandered into the youth center by chance.
It wasn’t long before she told them that she’d run away.




Chapter 20

Now that he’d had most of the day to wind down, Riley realized exactly what was different about Maddy. When he saw her again, standing in the living room of Grace’s house, it hit him hard. A haircut and makeup to start with. And the black dress…it was simple but it looked perfect on her, quickly erasing all the sweet images he had of her wearing an apron behind the counter at Serendipity.
There was something else, too. A smile reserved just for him, a smile that didn’t speak of hesitancy but instead said she was eager.
He kept his hands to himself as Kara and Grace stood like little mothers waiting to say their goodbyes.
“You look really beautiful,” he told Maddy.
“She does, doesn’t she?” Kara asked proudly.
Maddy blushed. “I think we should go.”
“Right. Our reservation is at 7:00.”
“Don’t forget your jacket,” Grace said, holding it out.
“Or your purse,” Kara said.
Maddy laughed. “Thanks.”
When they got into the car, he scooped her hand into his, bringing it to his lips. “I’m glad you said yes about dinner tonight.”
Her lips curved. “I’m glad you asked.”
Shortly, they were on the road, heading north. The restaurant he was taking her to lie just south of the city, a charming little two-story Italian place he’d been to a handful of times in the last several years. Taking Maddy was a good excuse to go back.
He’d thought a lot about the star, a lot about what he could do to help Maddy, Grace, and Kara get through what they were dealing with. But there was remarkably little he could think to do to fix the situation and he hated feeling helpless. His best idea so far was to talk with Elliot or Nathan, or both, to get extra feedback. New sets of eyes. Anything.
Riley kept all these thoughts to himself as he drove through downtown Serenity Falls. The Summer Festival had ended and the streets were calm. He turned away from town and took them north, hands loose and relaxed on the wheel.
“I really appreciate you helping Kara and Grace with the guesthouse,” Maddy said.
He glanced at her. “Of course. I wanted to.”
“I love it. I’m going to make Grace and Kara help me paint and shop for more furniture.” She stopped and laughed, waving her hand. “Girl stuff. Anyway, thank you.”
He’d done it because he knew how much she’d enjoy it, and because she deserved a place of her own. And if it helped keep the stress of the star at a manageable level, even better.
The buildings tapered away and Lake Serenity came into view, water sparkling in the light of a waning evening. He started to say something else when he felt Maddy tense beside him and looked over to see her eyes focused on the lake.
“You were here?” he asked. “Last night?”
“Just ahead. By those rocks.”
“Grace said you thought you saw a wolf.”
Maddy nodded. “Kara and I both did. I don’t know what else it could have been.”
He believed her. Knowing what he did about the star, knowing what Maddy had already experienced, he was inclined to believe almost anything was possible.
“We don’t have to talk about it now, if you don’t want.”
“I don’t mind.” She shifted in the seat next to him, letting him take her hand again. “I just haven’t quite figured it all out yet.”
“What did it do?” he asked. “The wolf?”
“First it ran in front of the car. And then Kara swerved to try to avoid it and we ended up on the side of the road.” She sighed. “I guess at that point we thought it was a dog or something.”
“Of course.”
“And then we got out and saw her front tire was flat. But before we could do anything about it, we heard growling from across the road where we thought we saw the dog–wolf–run to.”
He squeezed the wheel. “It was standing on the other side of the road? Growling? You didn’t go over there first or anything?”
“I know it sounds crazy–”
“No, Maddy,” Riley said, his concern rising to the surface again. “Even if it was a dog, which you and Kara both don’t think it was, it still probably wouldn’t have turned back after running across the street. Not just to stand there and growl at you.”
“I know. We tried to back up and get in the car, but the door was locked even though Kara said she didn’t lock it.”
“And the wolf followed you?”
Maddy shifted again. “It tried to. It was coming after us from across the street, really slowly. And it just–it looked horrible, Riley. Yellow eyes glowing in the dark. And it was like it was stalking us, purposefully trying to scare us. Just when it was about to jump right at us, Elliot pulled up.”
“What did the wolf do?” Riley tried to keep his voice even.
“It disappeared. I glanced away for one second and when I looked back it was gone. There’s no way it could have run away that quickly without one of us seeing it. There’s no way, Riley.”
Tension rolled off her in waves and he almost wished he hadn’t encouraged the conversation. They were supposed be having a good evening. But he couldn’t table the subject that easily. He wanted her safe–and last night she wasn’t.
New topic. It would be best.
He kept silent around another curve before casting her a smile. “During a few summers in high school, I went to Nathan’s house a lot. His father had all this old wood, long boards and worn-out planks tossed out in the backyard. Scraps he said he’d do something with one day but never had.” He saw her shoulders relax some and kept going. “I guess because we were bored and because it never occurred to us to do something productive–I mean, really productive–we decided to build a boat out of the wood.”
“A boat?”
Riley glanced over and nodded, relieved to see the lighthearted twinkle returning to her eyes. He rubbed his thumb across her knuckles.
“A little row boat, nothing big or fancy. But we’d see all these canoes out on the lake and people fishing and we figured–hey, that’s where the really big fish are. And how hard was it to build a boat really?”
“Harder than it looks?”
He chuckled. “Right. Harder than it looks. It took us the better part of a month, which doesn’t sound too bad, except that we’d spend hours on it each day. We’d be out there until midnight, hammering away until Nathan’s dad would come out in his robe and mutter something about waking up the neighbors.” This time Riley’s smile came quick and easy. “That was probably the most time I ever spent away from the youth center.”
“Did you finish the boat?”
“We finished it. Late morning one Saturday, a hot day in the middle of summer. We grabbed our fishing gear, ignored the life jackets and dragged the boat out to the shore. It was so heavy it took both of us to push it into the water.”
“And it floated?”
Riley nodded, enjoying the memory. “We had makeshift oars that were basically scraps, too, but they did the job. We got out to the middle and caught three fish before it sank.”
“Your boat sank?”
“It did.”
“What did you do?” Maddy asked, her sweet voice tinged with amusement and concern.
“We left the fish and the oars and swam all the way back to shore.”
She laughed. “Even all wet, that sounds like fun.”
“It was. We got back to Nathan’s parent’s house and his dad was sitting on the deck out front. He looked over at us and said something like, ‘When are you two going to finish that boat?’. We’d gotten so excited about finishing it and getting it out on the water, we hadn’t even thought to show it to anyone.”
“Did you try to build another one?”
Riley moved his shoulders in a shrug. “Nah, we were through with boats after that. If I remember correctly, that was the summer the youth center needed a new coat of paint. So Grandpa got me and Nathan over there to help and we spent the rest of the summer painting and teasing Grace.”
Silence settled between them, the lake long behind them. “Thank you, Riley. For the story.”
“Anytime.”
~ ~ ~
All the tables were full, but the restaurant was pleasant and quiet. Conversations were low and earnest, candles lit in frosted vases, and calm had settled over their table next to the window. With Riley keeping the conversation going, Maddy forgot all about the wolf and the lake, and let herself relax.
“Dessert,” Riley suggested, offering her the menu the waiter had dropped off.
“Oh, I can’t, I’m too full.”
“We’re not in a hurry.” He smiled. “Take your time ordering and maybe you’ll be hungry again by then.”
He reached out to trace his finger along her forearm and she swallowed, pulse racing. She hadn’t been this close to someone since David. Hadn’t wanted to. Maddy cleared her throat. “What would you recommend?”
He grinned and pulled over the menu. “I know just the thing.”
The waiter returned to take their order and Riley leaned back in his seat. “Are you still enjoying your job?”
Maddy smiled. “I really am. I like having something productive to do during the day, even if it is serving coffee. And Elliot is really great. I feel comfortable, like I’ve been there for months.”
“I’m glad. It’s a change from the city, even if you did already live here for a few years.”
“I love Serenity Falls.” Maddy slid her glass around the table in an absentminded gesture. She was surprised to find that she meant it. Like she’d told Kara, it wasn’t the place, it was just what had happened here.
“I know what you mean.”
She shifted in her seat and her eyes flicked up to his. “Is that okay if I ask you something?”
“You can ask me anything you want.”
“Grace doesn’t really talk about your parents much. Do you remember them?”
An unidentifiable emotion raced across his face. “I remember my mother some. She and my dad were together until I was five–they were never married, though. He left a year or so before Grace was born.”
“But then he came back?”
“No.” Riley shook his head and his eyes lowered briefly to something on the table. His fingers tapped on the armrest of his chair. “No, he didn’t come back. That was the last time we saw him. My mom had another boyfriend, some guy who was around for several months. Then my mom got pregnant with Grace.”
Maddy opened her mouth to ask the obvious question, but couldn’t manage to say it aloud.
“Grace is not my real sister–I mean, to me she’s the same as a real sister. We grew up together. But she’s actually my half-sister.”
“I didn’t know, Riley.”
He shrugged and a sincere smile tugged up the corners of his lips. But he looked young and more vulnerable than she’d ever seen him. Except for this morning, in the coffee shop, when he’d come in worried about what had happened with her and Kara last night.
“Grace probably doesn’t even think to mention it,” Riley said. “She was so young anyway. Then my mother decided to leave probably about four years later. So we came to live with Grandpa, here in Serenity Falls. We were a family. Not a traditional one, of course, but that’s not unusual these days.”
Maddy felt the ache inside, knowing the pain of not having a mother. Hers had left as well, unable to cope with her father’s temper. But she’d never known much about Grace’s mother or her feelings about her childhood.
“Did you ever see your mom again?” Maddy asked softly.
“No. Neither of us has. Grace talked about her a few times when she was a teenager, but I think it was more out of anger than anything else.”
“I’m sorry, Riley.”
He smiled at her and she didn’t see even a hint of sadness lingering in the depths of his blue eyes. “I think growing up with Grandpa in Serenity Falls was probably one of the best things that could have happened to us. Grandpa started working on the youth center when I was about eleven or twelve. Well, you knew him so well, you know how he felt about kids. He loved them and he was so compassionate. He never liked to see kids without some kind of direction, without anywhere to go or anyone to trust.”
“I know,” she whispered. Grandpa Moore had been one of the best people she’d ever known. She regretted that David hadn’t been able to know him better. She found it a strange twist of events that she was now having dinner with his grandson, whom she’d hardly known a month ago, and trading stories about him.
“Grace was there with him at the youth center every day. It was a passion they shared, a good place for Grace to focus her energy.”
Maddy smiled at the waiter as he delivered their dessert, a giant piece of chocolate cake drizzled with more chocolate on a decorative white plate.
“It’s really good,” Riley said.
“Are you going to share with me?”
He reached for a fork. “Sure.”
Maddy had the first bite. “You’re right, it’s really good. Rich.”
“A cavity waiting to happen, I know.”
Maddy ate another bite, thinking about what Riley had said and thinking about Grace.
“I hope Grace decides to go back to the youth center,” she said. “Before it closes.”
“Me too.” His fork hovered over the cake. “The kids are having a kind of party in a few weeks before it closes. I thought you and Kara and Grace might all like to come and see the center one last time.”
“That would be perfect. I know Kara really wants to go by. And Grace would regret it if she didn’t.”
“She would.”
“I’ll help convince her. I’ll tell her she owes it to me for being so sneaky about the guesthouse.”
Riley chuckled. “We’ll see if that works.” He accepted the bill from the waiter.  “Speaking of the guesthouse, I have something for you.”
“For me?” Maddy set down the fork and pulled back in her seat.
“A housewarming gift.”
“Riley–you didn’t have to. You already helped out–”
“Don’t worry,” he said, paying the bill. “It’s nothing big. Ready to go?”
Maddy nodded and gathered her jacket. She slipped her arm through his and let him lead her out of the restaurant into the cool night air.
~ ~ ~
Riley wasn’t ready for the evening to be over. If he had to pop the trunk to show her the gift in order to keep her next to him a little longer, he was all for it.
“I wanted to drop it off at the guesthouse for you, but there wasn’t time.”
Maddy stopped at the back of the car and tipped her head up. She lingered there, her dark eyes sparkling, lips parted in a quiet breath. He reached out and slid his thumb across her cheek. She shivered.
“You’re cold.”
Maddy’s lips trembled. “I’m nervous.”
He slid his arm around her and turned her to face the trunk. “Let’s look at the present then. No wrapping paper or anything,” Riley admitted, squeezing her shoulder. “I’m a horrible planner.”
Her quiet laugh reached his ears. “It’s okay.”
He opened the trunk and she peered inside. The box sat picture side up and when Maddy realized what it was, she lifted her head again to give him a wide smile.
“It does espresso and coffee,” Riley explained. Completely random, but something he saw and thought she might enjoy. “I know you make coffee all day, but I thought you might like it at the house.”
“Of course I will.” Maddy peered closer and smiled again. “It will give me an excuse to have company over. Thank you, Riley.”
She leaned into him for a hug. His arms came around her immediately to absorb the gesture. She held on tight, arms around his waist, and he rested his cheek against her hair. He allowed himself to close his eyes briefly and picture a lifetime of moments like these–sweet and simple. He didn’t know if that lifetime was with Maddy or not, it was a bit soon to tell, but something about the way she fit against him felt right.
Riley ran his hand gently down the length of her soft brown hair, then made himself pull back. “I’ll deliver it to your new place when you move in.”
“I’d like that.”
When she didn’t pull away, he eased in, lowering his mouth to hers. He heard her breath catch, felt the soft tremble of her lips even as she reached her arms around his neck. Her body was slight against his but the kiss hungry. His fingers tangled in her hair.
“Riley,” she murmured against his lips.
“Yes?”
Her breath came in a rush and she laughed, hands loosening from around his neck. “Nothing–you keep surprising me.”
If he was keeping her off balance but she wasn’t running away, he figured he was doing something right. She shivered again and he let his hands slide down to hers before gesturing to the car. “Come on. It’s cold.”




Chapter 21

The lake sparkled with the crystal reflection of a warm early afternoon sun. The sky expanded in an impossible color of deep blue and the air was perfect with a hint of a breeze that no more than stirred the air. It felt more like summer than fall.
And they were hunting for the past.
Maddy drew in a deep breath. Memories of the lake landed in every category from good to bad but in this brief moment, it looked beautiful.
“This is ridiculous,” Grace said.
Maddy lingered for another moment and then, with one last look at the view, resigned herself to return to the reality of today. It was well into October. If they were right about the interpretation of the star, they had less than a year to return the pieces of the artifact.
“Yep,” Kara agreed, propping her hands on her hips and gazing out over the water.
“What exactly are we supposed to be doing?”
“Looking, feeling, anything that might help.” Maddy ignored Grace’s pessimism. The sun drifted behind a wispy cloud, and Maddy settled her sunglasses on top of her head.
“I don’t know how it’s going to help,” Grace muttered.
Maddy sighed and this time fought for patience, failing before she’d even given it her best effort. “Grace. If you don’t want to do this, then don’t.”
Grace opened her mouth to reply, but Kara quickly moved between them. “No bickering, ladies. We’re all here, I want to see what’s in that wicker basket you packed over there, Maddy–and Grace, it’s your day off. Enjoy it–it’s a nice day.”
Maddy shrugged, knowing she was going to stay regardless. She needed something more to go on. Where was the star? How was she supposed to find it? If visiting the lake helped her in any way, she was willing to try.
“I feel pressured.” Maddy caught Grace’s eye. “I’m supposed to be the first one to find the star and I haven’t done anything.”
“Don’t say that,” Kara said. “You’re the one who’s trying to get us all to figure this out.”
Maddy crunched a leaf beneath her shoe. She didn’t feel encouraged.
“I’m sorry, Maddy.” Grace put her arm around Maddy’s shoulders. “Kara’s right–”
“Thank you,” Kara said.
Grace rolled her eyes. “She’s right, you’re trying to figure this out. And it shouldn’t be all your responsibility. We each threw a star and we each made our own wishes.”
“We have to stick together,” Maddy said softly. “We have to help each other.”
“I know.”
“So where do we start?” Kara shielded her eyes, already covered with glasses, and looked out across the lake.
“Let’s walk a little, around the shore. Then maybe go back up the Falls and…I don’t know, see if anything strikes us.”
Maddy grabbed the basket she’d packed and led the way. The water lapped lower than usual, making for an easy path along the shore. They walked toward the Falls, following in each other’s footsteps next to the cool water.
“If I were a little metal star,” Kara said quietly, “where would I be?”
Maddy smiled. She had no idea.
Grace is right, this is ridiculous. But it was necessary. She had no other clue how to begin their search.
She kept her eyes open, scanning the water for anything out of the ordinary. The stars had been shiny, each painted its own color. Hers had been bright red, but after years in the water and a dump over Serenity Falls, the paint had probably chipped off and turned dull.
But every time Maddy saw a stone or a patch of algae, her heart jumped a little. Until she peered closer and realized it was nothing unusual. Twenty minutes of this ridded her of most of her hope.
She paused at the edge of the trail up the side of the waterfall. “What do you think? Should we stop for lunch?”
Kara pointed at a wooden picnic table under the shade of tall trees with speckled yellow leaves. As they sat, Maddy opened the basket and offered sandwiches and homemade potato salad and lemonade.
“When did you have time to do this?” Kara retrieved a napkin from the depths of the basket.
“When I was on hold last night with the delivery company.”
“Did you get it all figured out?”
Maddy nodded. “Yes. They’re going to deliver everything next weekend.”
“Good.” Kara smiled at her. “We can decorate.”
“I have to paint first. So if you have any time this week in the evenings, please come by in paint clothes. I promise to feed you if you help.”
“I’ll come by,” Kara said.
“Me, too. And I’m sure Riley will help.”
“Elliot said he would, too,” Maddy said. “And Nathan when he stopped in Serendipity with Riley yesterday.”
“Full house,” Grace murmured.
“Why don’t you like Nathan?” Kara asked her bluntly. Grace looked prepared to protest but Kara shook her head. “No, we both see it, don’t we Maddy? You’re so…guarded around him.”
“Being guarded is not the same as disliking someone.”
Kara scooped up a spoonful of potato salad, but didn’t put it in her mouth. She narrowed her eyes at Grace. “I think he likes you.”
When Grace didn’t answer, Maddy added her agreement. “She’s right, I think he likes you. He always asks about you when he comes in to get coffee.”
“No, he doesn’t.”
“Yes, he does, Grace.”
She deliberately ate another bite of sandwich.
“It’s because he likes her,” Kara said with a twinkle in her eye.
At that, Grace looked up again. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“She’s defensive.”
“Kara–”
“It doesn’t matter.” Grace shook her head. “We don’t have anything in common, he lives in this huge house, he’s been married before–”
“Wait, what?” Kara looked to Maddy. “Married?”
Maddy nodded.
“How did you know?”
“He told me,” Maddy said. “It doesn’t matter. I think he’s a good guy. I like him.”
“Good, then you talk to him.”
“That’s not what I meant. I bet you have more in common than you think. And who cares if he lives in a huge house, which in my opinion is not all that huge. And it’s very pretty.”
“It’s huge,” Grace muttered, causing Kara to laugh. She pointed across the lake, distracting them. “You see that house on the edge there?”
“The green one?” Kara asked.
She nodded. “That’s where he used to live when he was younger. I think his parents still live there.”
“Really?”
“And that,” she pointed closer to where they were sitting, across the bridge and just past the market, “is Elliot’s house.”
Kara looked in that direction and raised her brows. “Remember when we all used to want to live in one of these houses on the lake?”
Maddy remembered. “The guesthouse is close, though.”
“It is.” Kara reached for her lemonade. “What time do we have to be at the youth center tonight?”
“Six.”
Grace sighed. “I want to go, but I don’t–it’s so final. Unless…”
“Unless what?” Maddy asked.
“Unless we use the house for a new youth center.”
“You still have that idea in your head?” Kara frowned.
“Yeah, it’s hanging out in there still.”
Maddy chuckled. She wanted to discuss the idea of the youth center with her, wanted to be part of the decision, but right now there was so much else to think about. The youth center could wait–even her move could wait. The star could not.
She gathered their trash from lunch. “Are you ready to keep looking?”
Kara tapped her fingers on the table. “Do you really think we’re going to find anything?”
“Honestly?” Maddy sighed. “No. But I’m hoping we’ll get another clue.”
“I hope it isn’t the kind of clue that has eyes that glow yellow and long fangs and a predisposition to growling.”
Maddy looked over at Kara, amused with the summary but not with the picture it conjured in her mind. “Me too.”
~ ~ ~
It was a teenager’s attempt at an inexpensive but festive party and it made Riley smile the moment he stepped into the youth center. The concentration of decorations hung in the main room just off the hallway to the left.
Tracy caught his eye and waved. “Hey, Riley.”
“Did you do this?” He gestured to the balloons and streamers.
She smiled, something she hadn’t done much of when she’d started coming to the youth center two years ago. “Me and Kylie. Shawn helped a little, mostly with blowing up the balloons. He has a lot of hot air.”
Riley chuckled. “You guys did a good job. Do you need help with anything else?”
“The table for the drinks.”
He followed her to the kitchen, noticing along the way that many of the pictures and items that had made the youth center what it was had been removed. It looked bare and empty. Riley grabbed the folding table and tried not to think about Tracy and where she’d go to hang out next week. Or Kylie and where she would end up when the situation got too tense at home. Or Shawn, who had just started coming to the youth center regularly about two months ago. He used to spend his days with friends whose idea of fun was to spray paint the side of buildings and pilfer small items from local stores. He’d stopped when he’d started coming to the youth center. Would he begin again once the youth center was no longer available to him?
It made Riley feel sick inside. It made him want to call Grace and tell her he’d do what he could to help with her idea of the youth center because these kids had to have some place to go. But that was just the quick solution and a gut reaction. It didn’t mean it was right…at least, he hadn’t thought about it that far yet.
“Grace is coming tonight,” Riley told Tracy, trying to distract himself from his thoughts.
Her face lit. “Really?”
“She’ll be here soon.”
“I miss Grace. She always used to tell me about all these old things she had in her store and where they came from.”
“Just like Grandpa.”
Tracy smiled. “Right. Just like Grandpa Moore.”
He settled the table in the corner of the main room. Tracy found Kylie and they started adding bottles of soft drinks to the surface. He heard voices out at the front of the building and recognized Grace’s. When her face appeared around the corner, he waved her in. Kara and Maddy followed.
“It’s so festive,” Maddy said.
Grace cast a look around the room. “The kids did this.”
“This is the last weekend the center is open,” Riley reminded her with a nod.
Grace reached for Kara’s arm. “Come on, let’s look around.”
Riley watched them walk from the room, hearing Tracy’s voice in the hallway when she spotted Grace.
“This is hard,” Maddy said. Riley looked over. Her gaze traveled around the room, taking it all in. “Are you doing okay?”
Riley pulled a chair over for her and then sat next to her. “It’s hard, like you said. I’ll miss the place, of course. But the hardest part is not knowing where any of these kids are going to end up.”
Maddy reached out and slid her hand over his. She gave it a comforting squeeze. “I understand. It feels like leaving home and knowing you can never come back.”
More kids and some adults came, laughing and joking, reminiscing in waves. He talked a lot, mostly with the kids, letting them know even though the youth center wouldn’t be there, he would. Mike made an appearance and Riley spoke with him briefly about helping move some of the rest of the furniture, and discussed a few of the charities they’d both worked with together.
He meant to return to Maddy after a little socializing, but by the time he came back she was gone. Neither Kara nor Grace were in sight either. He made his way upstairs, checking the rooms as he walked. Very little was left and most of it was trash or close to it. He paused in the doorway to one of the back rooms. The one with the balcony. The women sat outside, deep in conversation.
It made him feel better that they were together. And, not wanting to interrupt, he walked from the room to give them time alone.
~ ~ ~
“So, what do you think?” Grace asked.
Kara couldn’t sit still and listen to Grace’s plans about the youth center at the same time. She needed to be able to move. It was easier to express herself if she wasn’t confined by a chair.
She wanted to say no because it was a gut reaction. Don’t involve yourself in something else here. She just couldn’t seem to get herself to do it.
“Are you sure?” Maddy asked.
Grace nodded. “I’m sure. It’s too hard coming back here and knowing this is it. These kids…okay, Kara, think of it this way. What would have happened if you didn’t have the youth center to come to? Or if it had closed after you’d started coming? Where do you think you would have ended up?”
Kara knew where she would have ended up–maybe not specifically, but it certainly wasn’t here. Or at her home. Maddy and Grace had lived closer to each other and had been able to go to school together. Kara went to school in the city and tried to avoid home as much as possible. The youth center had been her only link to her two friends. And her only link to a world that was halfway livable. She couldn’t have stayed at home.
But that didn’t mean she could commit to opening a youth center. She couldn’t stay in Serenity Falls. It reminded her too much of her mother and that tiny trailer on the edge of town. It reminded her of everything she wanted to leave behind. What she’d wished to leave behind.
“I know what you’re saying, Grace, and I know why you’re saying it.”
“But?”
“But nothing. If it’s your dream, if it’s what you feel is right, I think you should do it.”
Maddy nodded her head. “She’s right. You should do it.”
Grace ran her hand through her short hair, eyes looking tired but excited. “I know I should do it, but I also know I shouldn’t do it alone.”
Kara leaned against the balcony railing and sighed. She slanted her gaze at Maddy but still couldn’t answer.
“Grandpa wanted us to have the house together. It’s not just me who believes this is our project. He believed it too,” Grace said.
Maddy smiled. “I want to help. I don’t want these kids to have nowhere else to go. I can’t stand to think that there isn’t a place to get more out of life than what some of these kids are born into. They need the fellowship and guidance and I think,” she glanced at Kara, “between the three of us, we could do it.”
They both looked to her again. She rubbed her eyes, feeling torn. So much of her wanted to leave Serenity Falls–that was simply instinct. But there was a bit of her that enjoyed being back, that had a longing to be settled somewhere already. Not here necessarily, but somewhere. And, except for the past, Serenity Falls was a nice little town. Her best friends were here.
“I don’t know…”
“It’s our place, together–”
“Trust me.” Kara held up a hand. “I’m not arguing with the idea of the youth center. Use the house, please, you have my permission. My issue is how much I’m going to be involved.”
“You’re involved,” Maddy told her softly. “You’re involved already, by being back here. You’re back here because of the house, but you’re also back here because of the star. That, at least, is not going away. Until we find the stars, all of us are linked to Serenity Falls whether we like it or not.”
“Thank you for that uplifting assessment,” Kara muttered.
“I’m not trying to pressure you, I just don’t want you to not do this because it means you’ll be in Serenity Falls for awhile. I don’t want you to give up this opportunity if you actually are interested just because it’s in a place that has an unfortunate link to your past.”
Kara wanted to argue that because it was true. She hated that. Nothing made her want to argue more.
She made a face at Maddy because she was irritated, and shook her head because she didn’t want to give in so easily. But finally, after scuffing her foot on the ground, she grudgingly said, “Okay.”
“What was that?” Grace asked.
“I said okay.” Kara met her eyes. “On one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“This is not permanent. I want to help because it’s the right thing. But I’m staying because of the star. Once that’s figured out, then…I don’t know. I’ll probably be going.”
Grace’s smile was smug. “If you say so.”
“I’m helping, not staying,” Kara repeated.
Maddy stood and caught her in an excited hug. “This is going to be so good. We should tell Riley!”
“You tell him.” Grace leaned back in her chair. “He’ll want to hear it from you. Then he can come pester me about it later.”






Chapter 22

“I’ve never been to a painting party before,” Nathan said as he entered Maddy’s new home wearing a pair of cargo pants and a dark T-shirt. Riley came in behind him. Nathan offered her a plastic sack. “My contribution.”
She peered inside and saw extra paintbrushes and tape. “Good thinking. Now everyone will be able to paint.”
“That was my plan. It’ll get done faster that way.”
Maddy laughed. “That’s a good thing. I’d like to do all the rooms.”
“Tonight?” Riley asked, glancing around.
“This week, before the movers come.”
“That’s ambitious,” he remarked, eyes crinkling with a kind smile. “I brought drinks. To keep people happy.”
“Also good thinking, though the fumes might do that.”
“We’ll ventilate.” Riley went to the closest window in the living room and opened it halfway.
Cool evening air drifted through, nipping at Maddy’s cheeks. She tried not to think about how quickly the days were passing. What else could she do besides what she was doing? After all that she’d gone through, just getting by, living one day to the next, seemed to be enough. Tossing a missing star into the mix was hardly fair.
“Need help with the drinks?” Maddy asked Riley.
“Sure.”
Maddy followed him out into the fading light, wrapping her arms around herself as they stepped off the porch.
“Everything okay?” Riley asked. Their shoes crunched against the gravel as they neared his car.
Maddy gave an absentminded nod, trying to focus on his words instead of her previous thoughts.
He reached out and entwined their fingers, warmth and strength in his grip. “You don’t seem so sure.”
Better now with his touch, with the strength of his presence. But she still couldn’t shake the worry. “Nothing else has happened.”
“You mean with the star?”
“Right.”
“And that worries you?”
“Yes. Doesn’t it worry you?”
Riley stopped as they reached the car, releasing a heavy breath. He captured her other hand and met her gaze directly. “Yes and no. I want this to be dealt with but I don’t want you to have to be the one dealing with it.” His gaze traveled to the darkness in the trees around the house. “And I worry about you being out here alone.”
Maddy shook her head. “It’ll be fine.”
“You don’t know that. That’s why I worry. We don’t know what to expect. I care about you, Maddy. I want you safe.”
His words went straight to her heart. So quick and sweet, she felt off balance. “I don’t think…I don’t think anything physical can happen,” she said, trying to reassure him. “It’s just been reminders, to scare me.”
Riley’s eyes remained serious and steady on hers. “We don’t know that.”
Maddy pulled from his grasp, doubt edging its way into her mind. She paced away, saw the moon rising full into the chilly night, and turned back. “Riley. Nothing like that has happened so far.”
He placed his hands firmly on her shoulders, stopping her movement. “And I don’t want it to. But there’s a power here that probably won’t limit itself to words on a wall or visions of your father. The wolf–”
“Riley.” Maddy reached up to touch one of his hands. She didn’t want to think of all the things that could be or could have happened, she just wanted to figure out how to deal with what she had. “I’m more worried about finding the star so we can just get all of this to stop.”
He sighed and dropped his hands. “I know. But I would feel better if you were careful.”
“Of course I’ll be careful.”
He didn’t seem to appreciate the easiness of the answer but he accepted it. Before he could reach into his car, she stepped closer, wrapping her arms around his waist. “I know you’re worried.”
He lifted her chin with his finger and offered a smile. “Just stick close, how about that?”
Maddy nodded, pressing closer when he bent to kiss her. His hand traveled in a lazy circle on her back and she shivered. “I think that’s a good idea.”
His laughter warmed her. She turned when she saw headlights. “Looks like Elliot’s here.”
They waited for Elliot and went into the house as a group. Grace had taken charge and handed out rollers and opened the cans of paint.
“It’s pretty,” Kara said, catching sight of the color. “Is this just for the living room or everywhere else, too?”
“The living room and bedrooms.”
“I’m rolling,” Elliot said and made his way toward Grace. She passed over a roller.
“I’ll do the corners,” Kara offered.
Maddy grabbed a step stool and joined her on the wall closest to the kitchen.
“So you haven’t changed your mind, have you?” Maddy asked, dipping her brush and stepping up to make a blue line close to the ceiling.
“If you’re talking about the youth center,” Kara said, coating her own brush, “then no. But thanks for asking.”
Maddy grinned at her. Kara continued painting. “Come on, you know it’s going to be fun.”
“Oh yes, fun. Like it was fun telling Elliot about Elise Bombay.”
Maddy choked back a laugh. “I guess…your idea of fun and my idea of fun aren’t quite the same.”
“No kidding.”
“Kara, you’re a really good painter.”
Kara glared at her. “You’re trying to distract me with a compliment?”
“Is it working?”
Kara paused, looked up and smiled sweetly. “You know what would really make me feel better?”
“What?”
Kara lifted her paintbrush and wiped a long line of blue down the side of Maddy’s pant leg. “That.”
Maddy opened her mouth in surprise. Kara was quick. She snickered and ran, brush still in hand.
“That was totally uncalled for,” Maddy said.
Elliot and Riley looked over. “What?”
Maddy gestured to her blue leg. Her pants were old, a pair she planned on throwing away after she finished. But now she was going to be sticky.
Elliot laughed and then hid it quickly with a cough.
“I see you hiding behind Nathan over there,” Maddy said to Kara.
“How did I get involved in this?” Nathan looked down at Kara who had ducked close to his feet to start painting near the trim.
Grace stopped rolling. “Now, kids, it’s too early for horseplay. If you waste all your paint on Maddy’s leg then we won’t have enough for the walls.”
“Gee thanks, Grace,” Maddy said, stepping down from the stool. “My leg’s not that big.”
Grace struggled to keep a straight face. “Hey, it’s your house.” She put her roller to the wall again. “If you only want half your walls done, then by all means, come see if Kara likes blue hair.”
“Hey!” Kara protested. “Don’t give her any ideas.”
Maddy laughed and dipped her paintbrush again. She climbed the ladder and sent Kara a smile. “I’ll just let you worry over there. Just let you keep looking over your shoulder to see if I’m coming to retaliate.”
“That’s vicious.” Riley shook his head. “Making her wait in suspense.”
Maddy looked down at him as he wandered over to her wall. “I’m not as innocent as you might think.”
He considered this, eyes locked on hers for a long moment. Then he smiled and shook his head. “No, that’s not true. I think my first impression of you was right on.”
She paused with the brush in mid-air. “What was your first impression of me?”
Riley moved his roller slowly up and down the wall. “Do you really want to know?”
“Now you’re making me wait in suspense.”
He chuckled. “Maddy…you are not innocent–that’s a terrible word for it. Pure, maybe–in your heart. Generous and kind. Compassionate, gentle, considerate. And beautiful.”
Maddy felt more than saw a large drop of blue paint fall from her brush and splatter against the step stool she stood on. Her mouth went dry.
“That was your first impression?” she asked softly, lowering her paintbrush. “You gathered all that after the first time we talked?”
He shook his head. “No, I gathered all that after your first smile.”
Her heart gave a distinct flutter. Voices and laughter came from across the room but it all seemed so far away. His blue eyes held hers with steady purpose and a strong reminder of those first few months with David hit her. Excitement, anxiety, and concern all mixed together. After the years with her father, even though she longed for a true family, she still had to make a special effort to trust that she’d find the right man. Someone nothing like her father.
Now…what if something happened to Riley? What if she fell in love again and something happened like it had with David?
Riley had begun painting again and Maddy released a long breath. She raised her paintbrush to the wall as well and tried to calm her heart.
~ ~ ~
“So were you going to talk to me about it?” Riley asked Grace.
He crouched next to her as she capped the rest of the paint cans. Heavy lids covered her blue eyes, the first thing he noticed when she looked up at him.
“Talk to you about what?”
“The youth center.”
She gave a tired smile. “Of course I was. But I know Maddy already told you.”
“I wanted to hear it from you, too. I know this is your vision.”
“We all want to do it. It means a lot to Maddy and Kara, too.”
“I know it does. But I think it’s most important to you.”
He expected Grace to be diplomatic and protest that it was theirs, all of theirs, equally. But instead, she nodded. “You’re right, it is. It’s something I think I should have realized earlier. It’s not the antique store, that’s my job and I thought…” She shook her head but didn’t elaborate. “This is what I’m supposed to be doing.”
“I know.” Riley grabbed her hand and squeezed it. “And I’m happy for you–and Kara and Maddy. Those kids from the youth center will be happy, too. There were difficult feelings to deal with last night–some of them even felt a little betrayed. They were upset. It’s good for them to know there are still people in this town that care about them.”
A breeze blew through the window nearby. She lifted her chin and her hair fluttered slightly. “I think Grandpa would like this.”
“I think he would, too. I’d like to help, if you need it.” He grinned. “I’ll let you supervise, of course.”
Grace laughed. “Well, as long as we have that understanding.”
Riley stood. “I’ll help you finish up so we can all get going.”
“Riley.”
He turned back.
“Thanks for saying what you did–you know, about the youth center.” She paused and tilted her head at him. “Did you know that Nathan’s been to half a dozen countries? To build homes and visit orphanages?”
“He told you that?”
She nodded.
“He was trying to impress you.”
She frowned. “So he was just making that up.”
“No, he wasn’t making that up. He’s probably gone on more trips than that.” Riley smiled at her, knowing she’d always wanted to travel. “But he was trying to impress you.”





Chapter 23

Maddy watched as Paris slid a batch of muffins into the oven. She set the timer, then turned and placed a gloved hand on her hip.
“So I still have to figure out what to do because my first two ideas were not the best,” Paris said.
Since the weather had cooled, Maddy had seen more of Paris and appreciated the extra help in the café. Paris had the last few days of the week off from school and was now telling Maddy her assignment for a school project.
“What were your first two ideas?” Maddy asked.
She turned, continuing to listen to Paris as she started a fresh pot of coffee and made sure none of the tables had been vacated and needed to be cleaned.
“We just have to coordinate and manage some kind of event or day that helps out an organization or a business. So I was going to help out my friends’ work because they wanted to start selling fries, too, so I figured I could do a promotional thing. But then they decided against the fries.”
Maddy smiled and started the coffee machine.
“And the other was a fundraiser. I thought I could maybe organize something for a business or…” Paris shook her head, turning her attention back to the counter. “I couldn’t quite get it all together.”
Maddy’s hand stilled on the coffee machine as an idea surfaced. “How long do you have for this project?”
“Until December because that’s the end of the semester. I should have started by now. The project is the final for the class.”
Maddy washed her hands and moved over to the counter to help with the muffins. She pulled out baking sheets while Paris stirred the batter.
“I think the fundraiser idea sounds good,” Maddy said.
“But a fundraiser for what?”
“The youth center.”
Paris paused with a ladle in her hand. “I thought the youth center had closed. Didn’t Elliot say something about it a few weeks ago?”
“It did.” And for the first time she felt excited to share the news of the new youth center with someone else. “We’re opening a new one. Grace and Kara–another friend of ours–and me.”
“You are?”
Maddy nodded. “We have this big house and all these ideas and…”
Paris joined in her excitement. “That would be perfect for a fundraiser. You could use it to get the center started!”
Maddy laughed at her enthusiasm. “We could.”
“That’s a great idea. And there are so many ways we could raise the money.” Paris scooped the ladle in the bowl again and glanced over her shoulder at Maddy. “This is going to be so great.”
“I’ll talk with Grace and Kara and see what they think.”
She saw Nathan come into the café and waved.
“Thanks,” Paris said. “And, Maddy, leave that star alone.”
Her feet froze on the tile. She turned back slowly. “What?”
Paris glanced over her shoulder again and raised her brows. “I didn’t say anything.”
You’re just hearing things, Maddy. You’re on edge. It was bound to happen eventually.
She swallowed, trying to ignore the words. But the feeling of uneasiness lingered as she walked to the counter, an unsettled weight in her stomach telling her something wasn’t right.
“Hi, Nathan,” she said, ordering herself to focus.
“Hey. I just came by to meet Riley for a coffee.”
Maddy checked the clock on the wall. “He should be here soon. He always comes at the same time every morning.”
“Predictable, huh?”
“Predictable,” she agreed. Something she happened to like about Riley. She summoned a smile. “Something cold or warm today?”
As he considered his options, her eyes strayed to the window. A familiar figure moved past, an easiness in his stride that unsettled her further.
“Maddy?”
She jerked her gaze back to Nathan’s, startled. “What?”
“Are you okay?”
She tried another smile. It came out forced and thin. Her stomach swirled with nerves or shock or…she wasn’t quite sure what. She’d thought she’d seen David. Outside the window.
“We have a new pumpkin spice latte that’s really good,” she told him automatically.
“That’s sounds good. I think I’ll try it.”
Maddy turned for a mug, unable to silence the swirl of thoughts in her mind.
“You don’t belong here…”
She whipped around. Her eyes jerked back and forth across the café. David’s voice–she was sure of it.
Her stomach tightened and a wave of nausea rolled over her. She looked at Nathan. “What did you just say?”
His brows drew together and he shook his head. He glanced behind him to where she’d been looking. “I didn’t say anything. Maddy, you don’t look well–”
“I feel like…” More nausea and dizziness. Unable to help it, she bent over, trying to support herself against the counter. The mug shattered on the floor.
“Maddy!”
She heard Paris’s surprised voice, saw Nathan coming around the counter. And she sank to the floor, afraid she would fall. Afraid the darkness at the corners of her vision would overtake her entirely.
“Leave now…”
~ ~ ~
Riley heard a voice of alarm when he entered Serendipity. He exchanged a brief glance with Elliot, who was manning the bookstore desk, and they both hurried into the café. He was surprised to find Nathan skirting the counter.
Riley followed him, edging past Paris and kneeling quickly when he saw Maddy. She slumped on the floor, leaning over with her hand braced on the cool tile.
“Maddy.”
Her cheeks were drained of color and she looked like she was going to be sick.
“She was just standing there and then she sort of crumbled,” Paris said, moving back to let Elliot around as well.
Nathan crouched on her other side and Riley shifted closer, peering at her face. He took her hand to help her sit straighter and it felt limp and like ice in his own.
“Riley…” Maddy mumbled.
“It’s okay. What happened?”
“I just…” Her gaze encompassed Nathan and Elliot before settling on him, her brown eyes stricken and a tad blurry. “I felt sick and I was dizzy…”
She still didn’t look completely balanced. “Just take a minute,” he urged.
She pulled her legs up and leaned her forehead against her knees. Her voice came out muffled. “I thought I saw him.”
“Who?”
“David.”
Nathan’s brows drew together. Riley only shook his head, mouthing the word, “later.”
Elliot leaned down. “Why don’t you move her to a table?” He lowered his voice. “Paris and I will take care of the customer.”
Riley put his arm around Maddy. She helped herself stand up, gripping Nathan’s arm. “I’m okay.” She looked over at him and gave a small nod. “Really. I’m okay.”
Nathan released her, but Riley kept his arm firm around her waist until they made it to the table.
The customer followed their progress with curious eyes. Elliot quickly greeted her with a smile and an offer for hot chocolate and started the order. Paris scurried around the corner and dropped off a glass of water at their table before she got back to helping Elliot.
“I’m okay,” Maddy repeated after they sat down. She pressed her palms to her cheeks briefly.
Riley scanned her face, noting the shadow of embarrassment. She also still looked pale and worried. The star. Had something else happened?
Nathan hovered by her chair as Riley sat down. They exchanged looks again and Riley found himself wishing they could discuss this openly in front of him.
“I think…it was just hot and then–I must have forgotten breakfast.” Maddy’s quiet laugh had an edge to it and she averted her eyes, looking down at the table. Then she started to stand. “I’ll just–I’ll go help.”
“Maddy–” Riley’s voice came out exasperated and he tried to catch her arm.
Elliot had already noticed her standing. He shook his head and effectively blocked her way. “You’re due for a break anyway. I’d feel better if you sat for awhile.” He ushered her back to the chair. “What happened? You look pale.”
Maddy waved a hand, trying to dismiss the episode. She reached for the water, obviously looking for a distraction. A hint of tension still lingered at the corners of her mouth and her cheeks lacked any hint of color.
“I didn’t eat breakfast,” she said with a small shrug. “And I was baking and moving around–it was hot.”
Elliot looked over at Paris, who had acquired a broom and dustpan to clean up the shattered mug.
Paris met his eyes. “I can do this, Elliot, if Maddy isn’t feeling well and she needs to go home. It’s not that busy.”
As Elliot considered this, Riley gave him a nod. “That’s a good idea.”
“No, it’s not a good idea,” Maddy protested. “What if it gets busier? Riley, stop nodding your head, I can see you.”
Riley caught Nathan’s amused look. Maddy’s humor had returned and that was a good sign.
Elliot settled his hand firmly on her shoulder. “Tell you what. You head on home and take it easy for a few hours. Call back after lunch and if we’re busy then–and you feel better–you can come back and help. If we’re busy.”
Maddy took a deep breath, irritation flickering in her eyes when she glanced at Riley. “Fine. But I really do feel okay.”
“I know. Just give us a call later. And relax, Maddy, okay?”
“Okay,” she mumbled. “I’ll get my stuff.”
“I’ll make sure she gets home,” Riley said after Maddy was out of earshot.
Elliot gave a distracted nod. “Something’s off, I can feel it.”
“Yeah.” Nathan scratched his jaw, looking to Riley. “You acted like you knew what was going on–like there was more to it than what Maddy said.”
He could have used a sounding board–and the extra sets of eyes–but it wasn’t his place to say anything. He’d work on Maddy, try to get her to agree. And if not…maybe he’d get that sounding board anyway. It was safer for everyone if they had extra people to stay on the lookout.
Maddy came around the counter, her purse slung over her shoulder, a slight frown on her face.
“We’ll talk,” he suggested to Elliot and Nathan. He stood when Maddy reached the table. “I’m going to have to take a rain check on the coffee.”
Nathan gave an easy smile. “Not a problem. I hope you feel better, Maddy.”
“Thanks.”
Riley settled his hand on Maddy’s back and led her to the door.
“Aren’t you going to stay for coffee?” Maddy tossed him a glance, pausing before they exited Serendipity.
“I’ll pass this time.”
“You don’t have to walk me out–”
“I’m going to take you home.”
“Riley–”
He pushed the door open in the midst of her protest. A cool blast of air hit them in the face. The sun hadn’t parted the clouds yet and he doubted it would. He stopped on the sidewalk outside, turning to her. She had both her hands hidden under the jacket folded across her arms and Riley gently took it from her.
“Let’s put this on and then I’ll take you home.”
Riley helped her slip into her jacket and when she faced him again, she arched one brow.
“What?”
“You don’t have to take me home. I have my car.”
“So do I.” He flashed a smile. “Come on, you don’t want a chauffeur for a day?”
“You have to work.”
He reached out and settled his hands on her arms. “I’ll call in sick.”
“Riley, come on. You have a job–I have a job. We should both be working.”
He decided to be direct. It seemed to get through to her better. “I’d feel better being with you, even though I know you feel fine now.” He traced the back of his hand down her cheek. “I don’t want you to be alone. And I’m a good listener.”
“Riley.” Her breath came out in a cloudy puff and her eyes traveled down to the buttons on his jacket. “I thought I saw David. This is making me feel crazy.”
He stepped closer and pulled her into a tight embrace. Maddy hung on, a desperateness in the way her fingers clenched on the back of his jacket. He hated that there was nothing he could do for her. He hated that he couldn’t solve the problem.
“Just tell me something normal,” she murmured against his chest. “Something that has nothing to do with the craziness of the star.”
He smiled into her hair. “You smell like banana nut muffins. Banana nut muffins are my favorite.”
She gave a muffled laugh. “I’ll have to remember that.”
“Come on, you’re cold. And I still haven’t delivered your present yet.”
She smiled at him when he took her hand, and turned toward his car. “Well, I guess if you refuse to go to work then we might as well do that now.”
“That’s the spirit.”
Riley opened the door for her, then walked around to his side. He peered out over the top of the vehicle. It looked so normal. The town, the cars, the pale sky that hinted of snow. Whatever Maddy had seen was not normal. Whatever had happened back in the coffee shop was a direct attack on her–and her alone.
Riley reached for the handle, realizing Maddy was waiting for him. He needed to figure this out.





Chapter 24

“Are you really going to take the whole day off of work?” Maddy folded her feet beneath her on the couch.
Riley looked over his shoulder from the kitchen. “That’s the plan.”
“I’m home now.” She plopped a suede pillow onto her lap. “I promise I won’t go anywhere until I call Elliot. You can go back to work.”
“Your car is still at Serendipity. If I leave, you’re stuck here.”
She frowned. Why hadn’t she thought of that? Maddy slipped the band from her hair and ran her fingers through the loose strands.
“We could go get my car,” she suggested.
“I think it’s going to take me awhile to figure this thing out.”
Riley had brought in her gift and set it up on the counter in the kitchen. He’d gotten it assembled quickly but he was having a little more trouble operating it. He was using it as an excuse not to leave–she knew it. Pretending to be distracted with it so he’d be able to stay longer.
Goose bumps rose on Maddy’s arms. It was probably better this way. What if David showed up again? What if something else happened? She didn’t want to be alone. But she didn’t want him to have to babysit her either.
“I told you I can do that,” Maddy reminded him softly.
“I’m not even going to touch this other side. I’m just trying to make a pot of coffee…” He mumbled something else to himself. She heard the sound of running water and then, “All right. There we go.”
Maddy sighed and let him finish in the kitchen. Working would keep her mind off all this. Helping Riley in the kitchen would too. But keeping her mind off of it didn’t help her figure out how to find the star.
Her gaze wandered across the living room. The house was coming along. She had furniture, knick knacks, even, and the house was starting to feel like home. It didn’t even smell like paint anymore, just the subtle scent of warm vanilla from the candles she’d lit on the mantle. The cozy flicker of light helped her forget the dismal day outdoors.
Riley continued to move around in the kitchen, removing coffee cups and spoons from the drawer, making himself completely at home. She turned on the couch and folded her arms along the back.
“Do these go up here?” He gestured to a box full of vases.
“The top cabinet above the refrigerator.” She shook her head when he started to pull the vases out. “You don’t have to put those away.”
“It’ll feel more like home when all these boxes are gone.”
“Riley.” Maddy stood, feeling useless–feeling more like she should be at work. “Then I’ll get the coffee.”
The pot was almost full. Maddy pulled out a small dish of sugar for herself. She couldn’t drink it black like Riley.
He maneuvered around her to grab the last vase, arm brushing hers. “See? That’s better.”
He had cleared off the counter and moved the box over to the corner of the dining room where the rest of the empty boxes were stacked.
“Thank you.”
Riley leaned against the opposite counter, watching her as she poured their coffee. When she turned to hand him his, he offered an easy smile. His sandy hair was ruffled some from their short trek in the wind. Maddy hadn’t even noticed he was wearing a simple sweater and dark jeans today. Not his typical outfit for work unless he wasn’t going to show any houses. She felt better about that, realizing maybe he wouldn’t get too behind taking the day off.
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked.
Maddy pressed against the counter, letting it support her weight. She needed to tell him. She needed to tell Grace and Kara as well, in hopes that it might help them make more progress with finding the star. But it involved David. She still wasn’t comfortable talking about David around Riley.
“You said you saw David.”
“I thought I did.” She turned, added sugar and cream to her mug and stirred. When she twisted again, he stood in the exact same position, arms relaxed across his chest. Waiting for the rest of the story.  “No, I know I saw something. And I know for sure I heard him.”
“Heard him? Saying something?”
Maddy nodded. She lifted her cup, found her hand was shaking, and returned it to the counter. “He said, ‘leave now.’ Like the sign I saw the first day I came back to Serenity Falls.”
Riley didn’t speak for a long moment. “That’s interesting.”
“Why?”
“Because it was a warning, telling you to leave. Like the sign. But it was David saying it–someone you trust. Almost like he was trying to help you, instead of everything else, which has been trying to scare you.”
“You mean you don’t think this was something from the star–or at least, not something negative?”
“No, no, I still think it was meant to be a warning, something negative.” Riley uncrossed his arms and came to stand next to her. She tipped her head up. “I just think this might have been a new tactic.”
“Really?”
He gave a short nod. “Was there anything else?”
“No–wait.”
“What?”
“I also heard him say, ‘You don’t belong here.’”
His jaw clenched.
“And,” Maddy continued before he could say anything, “before that, I was talking to Paris. And I saw Nathan and I waved and went to help him and…” She tried to remember exactly what she’d thought she’d heard Paris say. “And I thought I heard Paris say something–something like, ‘leave that star alone.’”
He grabbed her arm gently. “Wait, Paris said that to you?”
“No, I don’t think she did, but I heard a voice that sounded like hers. I turned and asked her what she’d said, but she said she hadn’t said anything.”
His gaze moved away briefly in thought before settling back on hers. “All things trying to get you to feel like you either shouldn’t be looking for the star, or you shouldn’t be here in Serenity Falls at all.”
“I know.” She frowned.
“That’s not a bad thing.” At her doubtful look, Riley moved to stand in front of her. “Okay, something trying to get you to leave is a bad thing. But in the grand scheme of the Wishing Star, something trying this hard to get you to leave is very telling.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because it means you’re supposed to be here. It means you’re doing something right by sticking around.”
“The youth center–maybe that’s the good thing.”
One corner of his mouth lifted in a smile and he shrugged. “There are probably more things you haven’t thought of. Also, something telling you to forget about the star means that you’re doing something right in looking for the star. Like the book said, that’s probably the key to getting all this to stop. If you find those stars and get them out of your life, all this stops.”
“You really think so?”
He moved closer, bracing his hands against the counter on either side of her. “I really think so.”
Maddy swallowed, looking into his eyes. “It helps to hear that.”
She leaned in slowly and brushed her lips across his.
“I’m glad,” he said, voice husky.
His body trapped hers against the counter and her heart beat wildly as she smelled woodsy cologne, felt the muscles of his chest. He dipped his head to trace his lips across her cheekbone and down to her neck.
She shivered, curling her fingers against his sweater. “If you’re trying to distract me,” she whispered, “it’s working.”
She heard the rumble of laughter in his chest.
“I wasn’t trying to distract you–I think you were trying to distract me.”
Her lips curved. “Maybe.” It was nice to know she could do that. That there was still something more in her to give to someone else.
Riley met her eyes again. “I have one more suggestion, though.”
“What?”
“I think we could use some help with the star. An extra set of eyes or two. And someone else to be there.”
“Help?”
Riley nodded. “I don’t think it would hurt to tell Elliot what’s going on–maybe even Nathan, too. For one, so there’s someone around in case…anything happens. And for another, that’s two extra minds to give input.”
“In case anything happens.” Maddy lifted a brow at him. “You mean, so there’s someone around to protect the women?”
Riley dipped his head with a chuckle. “Hey, you said it not me.”
“That’s what you were thinking, though.”
She blinked when Riley cupped her face between his hands. “That’s exactly what I was thinking. I don’t like this, Maddy. I don’t like not being able to be around for you if something happens. It would make me feel better knowing someone is there.”
“There are people around most of the day, Riley–”
“Not people who know what’s going on, to make sure you’re okay. And there’s no one here, at your house–”
Maddy gave a soft laugh. “What? Are you going to move in now?”
He smiled. “Well…”
She ignored the flicker in her stomach. “I just moved in.”
“Kara, maybe. She could stay here instead of the hotel and–”
“Riley, hold on.” She reached up and set her hands on his, pulling them away from her face. “Can we just deal with what happened today and then go from there?”
He set his hands on his hips. His jaw clenched and Maddy could see his struggle for patience. “Okay.”
She picked up her mug again and put it to her lips. The coffee was hot and it warmed her all the way down. She was startled when Riley reached for her mug, took it gently from her hands and then met her gaze again.
“No, actually, that’s not okay.”
“What?”
He held onto her hands and shook his head. “It’s not okay because I care about you. This is probably horrible timing. I know you still care about David and I can’t imagine how hard it is for you to deal with seeing him again and deal with me, here, wanting to spend time with you–but that’s the way it is. I can be your friend if that’s all you can handle; I can keep my distance if that’s what you need, but I can’t let you deal with this alone. I want–no, I need–to know there is going to be someone else there for you in case this kind of thing happens again.”
Too many emotions whirled through Maddy for her to get a quick grasp on the most important ones. “I don’t…know what to say.”
Riley retreated, giving her space like he’d offered. He located his mug on the opposite counter and lifted it. “You don’t have to say anything. Only that you’ll consider me telling Elliot or Nathan–preferably both.”
She could still feel the warmth of his hands on hers, the trace of softness when he’d touched her face, the heat of his lips against hers. “I understand what you’re saying.”
It was everything else he’d said that she didn’t know how to handle. The feelings he had for her…what if she couldn’t reciprocate? What if she couldn’t give anything more back?
“I think,” Maddy said, pressing on with the star because she didn’t know what else to say, “I’d like to go back to the lake.”
He settled his mug to the counter again. “Why?”
She looked at her feet and bit her lip. “I feel like there’s something I’m missing. That maybe, if I go there, I’ll discover the next step to finding the star.”
“Maddy?” She watched his feet shuffle in her direction before she lifted her eyes to his. His fingertips skimmed her cheekbone. “I’ll go with you.”
~ ~ ~
Riley hadn’t been oblivious to the struggle on Maddy’s face when he’d told her his feelings. Her eyes had widened, lips parted, like she wanted to protest. But that’s how they did things in his family. Straight forward and up front.
Maddy was getting to him and he needed to make it clear where he stood with her.
When she called Elliot to check in, Riley took the moment to call his secretary and let her know he wouldn’t be in for the rest of the day. Maddy returned from the kitchen as Riley sat on the couch.
“What’s that face for?” he asked with a laugh.
“He said they don’t need any help and Paris could use the overtime anyway, so I might as well take the rest of the day off.”
Good. He didn’t want her to go back to the coffee shop today. And selfishly, he wanted to spend the afternoon with her.
“I’m sorry.”
“No, you’re not.”
“No, I’m not.” He stood, smiling at her expression, and held out his hand. “If it’ll help, though, I’ll buy you lunch. And after that, if you still want to, we’ll head over to the lake.”
“I still want to.”
He nodded, unsure what she expected to find there, but willing to take her anyway. He found his jacket on the back of a chair at the kitchen table. “Wherever you want to go, it’s fine.”
Outside, the sky had grown dim. Humidity hung in the air and stung his cheeks. They got a quick lunch, keeping their conversation light, and then went to the lake. When they arrived, he pulled out his cell phone.
“I’m going to give Grace a call.” When Maddy angled her head at him, he said, “I don’t want her to hear something and worry.”
“You’re right. Kara was supposed to stop by later, too, and I don’t want her to worry.”
He nodded and dialed the number, keeping his eyes on Maddy as she went down the short rocky slope to get closer to the water.
“Moore’s Antiques, this is Grace.”
“Hey, Grace.”
“What’s up?”
“I’m with Maddy at the lake. She had–there was another episode at the coffee shop this morning.”
“Were you there?” Grace asked, lowering her voice.
“I was. So were Nathan and Elliot. They seemed a little suspicious.” Riley paced away. “She said she saw David and she heard his voice.”
“She said that to Nathan and Elliot?”
“She said it to all of us, Grace.” Riley closed his eyes at the image. “She almost passed out. She was already on the floor when I came into Serendipity.”
“Oh, Riley…” Grace’s voice became muffled and he heard her brief exchange with a customer. When she returned, she sounded upset. “Is Maddy okay?”
“She’s fine.” Riley paced back, craned his neck when he didn’t see Maddy, then relaxed again when he found her perched on a large rock. “Elliot sent her home from work because she looked so pale.” He chuckled quietly. “She did not like that much.”
Grace gave a soft laugh. “I guess if she was up to disagreeing, she must have felt okay.”
Riley nodded to himself. “I wanted to tell you so you didn’t worry in case you tried to find either of us.” He paused and then, because it had bothered him more than he’d thought to see her crumpled on the floor, he said to her, “We need to figure this out.”
“I know.”
“I think we should get Elliot and Nathan to help us or–”
“Riley, they don’t even know what’s going on.”
He expected the protest and only continued calmly, “That’s why we’ll tell them.”
Silence lingered on the other end, but disapproval radiated through the phone.
“I’ll give you my reasoning later and try to convince you otherwise. We’re going to take a look around here for now and let you know what goes on.”
She sighed. “All right. Take care of her, Riley.”
“That’s my plan.”
Riley placed the phone in his pocket, noticed Maddy had left her hat and gloves in the car and reached inside for them. He shoved those in his pocket as well and joined her next to the water’s edge.
“Now what?” he asked.
“Let’s walk.”




Chapter 25

They’d walked a quarter of the way around the lake, managing to avoid the topic of the star altogether. Try as he might, Riley couldn’t read the emotions on her face. Was she worried? Thinking about the episode at Serendipity? Thinking about their conversation back in her house?
She hadn’t mentioned that either. But she also hadn’t hesitated when he’d reached out and taken her hand as they strolled next to the choppy water. She’d only smiled up at him, easing the confusion in his heart some and chasing away doubts he had that she felt nothing in return.
They were bonded by a bigger issue right now. The star. But in the future he hoped the relationship had more to stand on.
When they came to end of the level trail, Riley stopped. “What do you think?”
“The same thing Grace did when we came here last time.”
“What’s that?”
She smiled. “This is ridiculous.”
“Sounds like Grace.”
“That’s probably not the best mind set if I’m planning on finding anything.” Her eyes traveled across the lake, searching for something he couldn’t place. “The waterfall, maybe. Because that’s where we threw the stars.”
Riley examined the trail, and the sky. The somber spread of oppressive pewter clouds. “It doesn’t look good.”
Maddy followed his gaze. “You don’t have to come with me if you don’t want to.”
He dipped his hand in his pocket, allowing for a smile at the comment, and pulled out her hat and gloves. “If you’re trying to get rid of me, it isn’t going to work that easily.”
She frowned as he pulled the hat snug over her head. “Is that what you think?”
“Hands.”
She obligingly held them out.
“No, that’s not what I think.” He put the gloves on, amused at her subtle pout. “Would you like me to tell you what I really think?”
Gloves on, Maddy dropped her hands to her side and narrowed her eyes. “I’m probably not going to like it.”
Riley shook his head. No, she wouldn’t. He needed to be here for her, to make sure she was safe. Plain and simple. But he doubted that’s what she wanted to hear. Just like she hadn’t wanted to leave the coffee shop.
Maddy shrugged and didn’t follow up on the question. “It’s cold, I know. But I’d really like to look up here.”
“I understand.” He pulled her jacket closed at the top and snapped the button. She frowned again and he chuckled. He grabbed her hand and urged her toward the trail.
Her cheeks were already flushed red and it was only getting colder. Riley could feel the cool spray off the waterfall. A gust of wind whipped icy water in their direction. Maddy didn’t say anything about it, looking determined to do what she’d come here for. He wished she would talk to him. What was going through her mind?
“How are the plans going for the youth center?” he asked.
They’d fallen into step one in front of the other in order to navigate the narrow path with more ease. Maddy glanced over her shoulder. “We’re going to meet there next week and try to figure out the best place to start. Oh, and talk with Paris about the fundraiser. It’s been…” She paused and then looked back with something close to apology in her eyes. “It’s been hard to concentrate on that.”
“I bet Grace has a whole list of ideas already.”
“I’m counting on it.” The path leveled some and Riley joined Maddy at her side again. She gave a wry smile. “You don’t suppose we could just rent a bunch of scuba gear and cover the whole lake that way?”
Riley grinned. “That’s something to consider.”
“It would take forever but I’m sort of running short on ideas.”
“I know.”
She was right, short of scouring the whole lake, there weren’t a plethora of other ideas. What were they missing?
Maddy paused when they arrived at the end of the trail. “We stood right at the edge. Over here.”
She moved off the path and found her way through the trees. Leaves and broken branches covered the forest floor. He dodged a moss-covered stump. When was the last time he’d been at the top of the Falls? As a teenager maybe? Before college?
The waterfall stood over two stories high, spilling into the lake in an unhindered rush of icy water. There was no way the stars could be anywhere near where they’d started. How would they find them?
Maddy pointed to a rock several feet from the edge of the river. “This is where we threw the stars. From this rock, almost a whole decade ago.”
He watched as her eyes scanned the water, maybe hoping the stars would be there waiting for them. An easy fix. He’d hoped something similar.
“I’m going to look over here,” Maddy said.
“Maddy–be careful.” Riley reached out instinctively. But she was already jumping to the rock, her sneakers landing smoothly on the wet surface.
She released a long, slow breath and took in the rush of water and the steep drop in front of them. Then he saw her close her eyes briefly, keeping perfectly still on the wet rock. She shook her head, opening her eyes again. “This doesn’t feel right.” He saw confusion in her brown eyes when they met his again.
“What isn’t right?”
She hesitated.
“Come here.” He held out a hand. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”
Maddy’s feet left the rock and she returned to solid ground next to him.
“What is it?” he asked, not letting go of her hand once it was nestled in his own.
“It doesn’t feel like we’re looking in the right place for the stars–”
The noise startled them both. A sharp snap of a twig and the sudden sound of intense, deep rumbling.
“Riley–” Maddy gripped his arm and pointed. He narrowed in on the area, and his body froze. “It’s the wolf, like we saw before.”
It stood no more than twenty-five feet from them, its paws shielded by a low lay of prickly foliage. The deep growl pierced Riley’s soul. The wolf’s eyes glowed the color of a bright yellow moon, reaching all the way to their spot by the river.
He instinctively grabbed Maddy and placed himself in front of her. Her hands gripped his arm and jacket, tight on the material in back.
“What do we do?” she whispered.
He ignored his first instinct to tell her to run. Instead, he pulled in a quiet breath. The wolf wasn’t real. It was part of the evil from the star–something sent to scare Maddy. But it wasn’t real.
“Close your eyes,” Riley told Maddy. It wanted them afraid. He wasn’t going to let that happen.
“What?” Her grip tightened. “Riley–”
“Close your eyes.” He felt her obey, trusting him as she leaned against his back. “Don’t be scared. It’s trying to get to you, to scare you.”
The wolf rumbled with another low, sinister growl. Maddy pushed closer to him.
“Relax.”
He tried to follow his own suggestion and keep his breathing even. The wolf looked so real and so hungry, but it held its distance. He felt Maddy’s hands soften on his jacket.
And in the blink of an eye, the wolf was gone.
~ ~ ~
Her lips quivered. Maddy kept her eyes shut against those of the menacing wolf. Something about the moment felt intensely familiar. She’d done this before. Not along the side of the road with Kara but before. She’d squeezed her eyes tight against this same terrifying image when she’d been young…
Endless seconds passed, and then suddenly Riley turned in her direction. His fingers curled beneath her chin, tipping her head up. “Maddy?”
Her eyes fluttered open. Riley’s blue ones were inches from her own. “The wolf–”
“It’s gone,” he assured her.
She peeked around him. Nothing. Only forest remained, dense trees, the rush of the river, and light drizzle. Maddy tilted her face to the sky and cool mist settled on her skin.
“What happened? Where did it go?”
She faced Riley again as he shook his head. “Disappeared.”
Maddy flexed her gloved fingers on his jacket, still gripping his arms. “Riley, I know why we keep seeing the wolf.”
He started to turn toward the trail, but paused at her comment. “You do?”
She nodded.
He wrapped his hand firmly around her arm and ushered her away from the river. “We should get out of here. Get out of the cold. Get away from the river and the lake. Then you can tell me.”
“Riley.” Maddy struggled to keep up with his long strides. Her feet tangled in the brush and slid on the damp leaves. “It’s gone.”
“I know.” But he wouldn’t let go. “I don’t get a good feeling being around here, though.”
Her foot caught on a root and she tripped. Riley tightened his grip to try to catch her, but she still stumbled to her knees. He knelt down by her. “Maddy, I’m sorry. Are you hurt?”
She took a rough swipe at her hair. “No. I’m fine.”
She accepted his help up but stopped to brush off her jeans. As she rubbed her gloves together to get the rest of the dirt off, Maddy shook her head. “You and Grace–I told you what was going on, but you both act so surprised when something happens. Kind of like you didn’t really believe me.”
His hands dropped into his pockets and he sent a wary gaze in the direction of the river again. When he looked back, his eyes swept past hers, dark blue waters of a stormy sea. Troubled.
Maddy tucked her chin into her jacket and mumbled, “Riley, I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay.” He lifted one cheek in a brief smile, then gestured to the path. She stepped in front of him. “Maddy–”
“No, please. I’m really sorry.” She pulled at the fingers of her gloves, drawing the wet material away from her skin. It had been an emotional day, with more than one incident related to the star. At this point all she should be doing was realizing how fortunate she’d been that Riley had been here with her. “I shouldn’t have said that to you.”
His eyes softened, taking on the familiar look of worry that had been all too present today. “I understand, Maddy. You’re right, I was surprised. But not because I didn’t believe you before–”
“No, I know you believed me.” Maddy lifted her hands to cover her face briefly before she let them slide down her cheeks. She evened out her breathing and felt Riley pull her gloved hands away. “I’m sorry.”
“Maddy.” He drew her close, trapping her against his chest. Her cheek became wet against his jacket, but she held on. “Don’t apologize. I was just worried, I thought it would be better to leave.”
“How did you get the wolf to disappear?” she asked, voice muffled against him.
“I remembered it wasn’t real.”
“Riley.” Maddy pulled back and set her gloved hands gently against his cheeks. “Thank you.”
“What for?”
“For being here for me,” she said, then gave a soft laugh, “and for believing me.”
His hands closed around her own, capturing them in a grip that was strong and gentle at the same time. His kissed her hard and she backed up a few feet until she hit a tree. The bark rubbed against her jacket and a sigh came from her throat, her hands still tight in his.
When his mouth left hers, she felt his breath warm on her cheek. “Are you okay?” he asked.
Her eyes flashed open, and she was hardly aware she’d closed them to begin with. “Yes.”
He ran his hand down her hair, lingering at her shoulder. “You’re cold. We should go.”
“I don’t think the star is out there. But the wolf–”
“We’ll talk about it,” Riley said, leading her once again down the trail. He walked slower this time but kept her firmly in tow, hand wrapped tightly around hers.
~ ~ ~
In Maddy’s house, Riley started a low crackle of flames in her fireplace, hoping to chase away the rest of the chill from their walk in the woods. By the time they’d returned, the rain had begun to fall in earnest, and tapped against the roof and windows.
After changing, Maddy joined him in the living room wearing an oversized sweatshirt that he might guess was an old one of David’s. She’d put on a new pair of jeans and warmed her feet in a comfortable looking pair of fluffy slippers. She’d twisted her hair back and tucked her fingers in the ends of the sleeves.
She smiled. “You made a fire.”
He replaced the fireplace screen and gestured to the couch. “You doing okay?”
Maddy dropped onto the plush cushion next to him and nodded. She pulled her feet up underneath her.
“So tell me about the wolf.”
“I remembered something.” The glow from the flames flickered off her face and danced on her hair. “From when I was younger.”
“About a wolf?” he encouraged when she didn’t continue.
“Sort of. I used to…try to leave the house. At night, when my dad came home. Those nights I knew he was really drunk, I would stay out of his way, of course. But if he started yelling, like he usually did, I would try to get away. Go outside and hide in the trees.” She lifted her lips in a small smile. “One time he told me there were wolves outside, horrible ugly black wolves with eyes that glowed and long, sharp teeth. I didn’t believe him at first but then I had a nightmare about a wolf walking outside the house, waiting for me to come out…” She shook her head with a humorless laugh. “I can’t believe I forgot this.”
Riley caught her arm, brushing back the long sleeve to capture her hand. He gave it a squeeze.
“I think I only had the dream two or three times, that same wolf outside. Fangs, glowing eyes, the whole thing. But whenever my dad would come home angry and I wanted so badly to run away, I always had that horrible image of the wolf in my mind and I was too afraid to go outside.”
The fire crackled and Riley glanced over. The flames had lowered but still glowed strong. He considered what she told him about the wolf and it fit right into what they’d already discovered about the star–or the evil behind it. It was trying to scare Maddy and doing so with the memory of her father. It was also using Maddy’s memory of David. Most likely because David was still a tender spot for her, where she was vulnerable.
The linking factor between the two was family. It was what Maddy had wished for, a real family. Now this evil was striking at the heart of that dream and using the most underhanded tactics. Riley’s biggest concern was whether or not these attacks were real enough to do any harm.
The wolf had looked real enough. What would have happened if it had come closer, if it had tried to attack?
“What are you thinking, Riley?” Maddy’s hand tightened on his with the question.
“What were we talking about when you noticed the wolf?”
She cocked her head. “I don’t know…something about the star.”
“You were standing on the rock,” he prompted. Something about what she said made him think they were on the verge of discovering more. What was triggering these attacks or how to find the stars.
She gave a slow nod. “And I was thinking…I was trying to figure out how we were going to find the stars in the lake.” She pressed her lips together and narrowed her eyes. “I was thinking maybe the stars weren’t where we thought they were.”
“You said it didn’t feel like the stars were where we were looking,” Riley nodded. “That’s right. What did you mean by that?”
Maddy shook her head. “I don’t know. It was just a thought–”
“Yes, but what were you thinking before you said that?” He caught her eye. “Try to remember, Maddy.”
She sighed and leaned her head against the cushions. She closed her eyes, a small frown crossed her features, and then abruptly leaned forward. “I was thinking that something wasn’t right. It felt like…like I said, the stars weren’t where we were looking for them.”
“Why?”
“Because…” Maddy paused again. “Okay, in the book it said that once we made our wishes we were supposed to toss the stars out into the night or something like that. Basically, we were supposed to get rid of them. But if we’re supposed to return the stars, it doesn’t make sense that we’d be able to find them in the same spot–not after how we got rid of them.”
“So the stars aren’t at the lake?”
Maddy frowned but nodded. “Maybe. Maybe we’re supposed to be looking somewhere else.”
Riley raised his brows. The stars weren’t even at the lake? He tapped his fingers against the couch cushion. The idea made sense in an odd kind of way. It was at least worth considering. There was little hope in finding the stars at the bottom of the lake or under the waterfall or wherever they’d landed anyway.
But still, how could the stars be anywhere else?
“Maybe that’s why, each time I’ve gone to the lake, I haven’t gotten the sense that the stars are even there.”
“That’s a good idea, Maddy. We should see what Kara and Grace think.”
“It might be a good idea, but it doesn’t help. If the stars aren’t at the lake, then where are they?”
Riley rubbed his thumb across her knuckles. “We’ll find them.” He had to believe they would.




Chapter 26

Maddy waited for Kara and Grace on the front steps of the new youth center, quieting her thoughts long enough to enjoy the warmth of the sun on her face and appreciate the subtle breeze. It was a nice day for the middle of November.
Paris was also meeting them later in the afternoon to discuss the set-up for the fundraiser and Maddy figured the busier she kept the better. Riley planned on talking with Elliot and Nathan today. He’d invited her to come, but she’d had the excuse of meeting the others at the house, and she’d rather be here anyway. It was hard enough explaining it all to Riley in the first place.
Maddy heard Grace’s car before she saw it. It came up the road, tires popping on the gravel, and slowing to a stop several feet in front of the stairs.
She saw it on their faces the moment they exited the car. Riley had told him his plan, too.
Maddy rose from the stairs, shielding her eyes from the sun. Grace walked past her and mumbled a hello.
Kara followed, rolling her eyes. She paused in front of Maddy. “She’s not happy.”
“I see.”
“I heard that,” Grace called from inside the house.
“She doesn’t like to ask for help.” Kara followed Grace’s voice with Maddy in tow.
“I don’t need any help,” Grace said.
“I rest my case.”
Maddy shut the front door behind them. Their voices echoed in the large space of the entryway. “This is not what we’re here for.”
Kara nodded. “You’re right.”
Grace plopped her bag down heavily on the floor and crossed her arms. “If you’re both okay with what Riley’s doing, then it’s fine. I’m outnumbered.”
“I’m okay with it.” Kara flashed a charming smile.
“Grace,” Maddy said, trying to sound reasonable, “Elliot and Nathan were both there when I saw and heard David in the coffee shop. They might be around when something else happens. It’s good to have them on our side.”
“Just because they don’t know what’s going on–something that’s personal, by the way–doesn’t mean they’re not on our side.”
“But it does mean two less people that might be able to help us.”
“Help us with what?”
“Figuring out where to find the stars or making it all stop.”
Grace looked away, tapping her toe on the ground.
“Okay, settled then?” Kara shrugged out of her light jacket and tossed it on the stairwell.
“Maddy, you still have to tell us what happened at the lake,” Grace reminded her. “Riley said you saw the wolf again.”
Maddy nodded. “But it gave me an idea.”
“It did?”
“Let’s get started and I’ll tell you about it.”
~ ~ ~
Elliot stretched his legs out in front of him, using the distraction to find something somewhere in his mind that sounded halfway logical. It was difficult under the circumstances.
“This is not what I was expecting,” he finally managed.
Sunlight streamed through the sliding doors at the back of his house, where Nathan and Riley had met him to explain what was going on with Maddy. What was going on with Grace and Kara, too.
The round, wooden kitchen table sat next to the back door, affording them an excellent view of the lake. A few canoes and rowboats were out on the water. Some held fishermen, others moved across the lake at a leisurely pace in the warm sun. Elliot would have liked to have gone out there today, with some interesting company, but now he understood Riley’s urgency to get together.
He’d seen the subtle change in Maddy over the last four or five weeks. She was still a wonderful worker, still smiling and happily greeting customers, but her eyes were often clouded with worry and there was strain in her greetings.
But missing stars and wolves and dead fiancés? That wasn’t the first or most logical explanation on the list.
“I thought the same thing when they first explained it to me.” Riley twirled a glass of water on the table in front of him. “Grace had been looking at the book; I kept catching her reading it here and there. And she always seemed worried. She won’t admit it, but I know she still is.”
“Can I see that?” Elliot gestured to the book Riley had brought.
He slid it over. Elliot looked at the picture first, trying to get an idea of what exactly they were searching for. He read a little about the star, discovered basically what Riley had just told them. He sat back in his seat.
It didn’t occur to him that Riley was misinformed. Or perhaps the women were making something bigger out of a tiny artifact. He knew Riley and Grace–probably even Maddy–well enough to believe them when they said this was real.
Nathan seemed to be on the same page. “So you said they did what the book told them, ‘released the stars into the night’?”
Riley nodded. “Exactly like the book said. And since then, particularly since Maddy and Kara have been back in Serenity Falls, other things have been happening. It sort of follows what the book predicts.”
“What sort of things?” Elliot asked. “Like the wolf?”
Nathan tapped his fingers on the table. “I’m a little lost here.”
Riley slid the book back in front of him. “I’m going to do the quick sum up and then I can tell you more specifically what they–mostly Maddy–has experienced so far.”
Elliot listened as he explained the rest of what was in the book. The promise of wishes granted and the deadline on returning the stars. Also, the part about the gods being angry if the stars weren’t returned. It sounded like a fable.
“In the last few weeks, Maddy has started to see things–things that shouldn’t be possible for her to see. She’s seen her father, who died years ago. And her fiancé, who also passed away just about two years ago.”
“Is there significance to seeing these particular people?” Elliot asked. “Why them?”
“To scare her,” Riley answered simply.
Nathan nodded. “They’re under attack.”
Elliot still didn’t know what that meant. But Riley sighed and leaned back in his chair. “I’m glad we’re all on the same page. The book says their task is to return the stars in order for this to end.”
“It sounds like their task is a lot more complicated than that,” Elliot said. Nathan nodded his head in agreement. “Tell us the rest and we’ll go from there.”
~ ~ ~
Paris arrived shortly after Grace and Kara and they spent a good hour working on the details for the fundraiser. Her idea was simple, but Maddy felt it would be effective.
She’d already begun work on an auction that would take place at the beginning of December. Paris had accumulated a list of businesses and organizations around the town she’d either already spoken with or planned on speaking with. Everywhere from Starbucks to the library. They were either donating money or objects that could be auctioned off or sold at the event.
Grace planned on donating an antique piece from the store. Kara offered to see if she could get several autographed books from other authors or friends in the publishing industry. Maddy felt she had little to offer as far as valuable objects went, but she was willing to donate her time. She could help set up, help Paris find donations, anything.
Once Grace had suggested Paris talk with a few kids from the old youth center, maybe Tracy and her friends, they had a fairly solid plan. Now they just had to get the word out about donations and the auction.
They walked Paris out, and Maddy waved as she drove away.
“She’s ambitious.” Grace followed Maddy back in from the porch. “I like her.”
“Me, too,” Kara said. “I can’t believe she’s doing all this for the youth center.”
Maddy nodded. She looked around the large room, thought of all the space upstairs and knew they would need the money. But for now, the biggest thing they needed was their creativity.
“What do you have in the bag?” Maddy asked.
Grace smiled. “Plans.”
“Let’s have a look.”
Kara plopped on the ground, frowning at the dust. “We’re going to have to get some furniture in here eventually.”
Grace and Maddy joined her. Grace unzipped her bag and removed a large binder.
“Talk about ambitious,” Kara murmured as Maddy laughed.
“It’s just a few ideas.” Grace opened the binder. “What we might want to do with some of the rooms upstairs. Ideas on how to fund particular projects. We worked a lot with the church at the old youth center. You guys remember. And stuff further down the road, like community service kinds of things. I also eventually want to get the word out to all the kids from the old youth center. Some of them live in the city and it would be good if they could let their friends know about this place.”
“So what are kids into these days?” Kara folded her legs in front of her. “What would be beneficial for them here?”
“Whatever gives them a safe and positive environment.” Grace flipped to a page marked with a blue tab. “I have music, books, computers, games, movies…what else?”
“Like you said,” Maddy told her, “chances for community service projects. But as for different rooms in the house…a place to listen to music, of course. And the books are a good idea. They just need a place to hang out. Maybe we could talk to those kids from the other youth center. See what their ideas are.”
“And get them to help.” Kara bobbed her head up and down with the idea. “They aren’t going to have a place to go to for months–we should have them help out here. Painting and moving things, fixing up the outside. I’m sure some of them would like to come by and see what we’re doing.”
“You’re right,” Grace said. “I’ll ask Riley who he thinks might be interested.”
“So where do we start?” Maddy scanned the room again. “In the house?”
Grace flipped another page and pulled out a sheet with a layout of the entire house. “This is what we have now,” she said, setting it before them.
“You’ve been busy.”
Grace shrugged, but her blue eyes twinkled. “I was excited. Let’s figure out what we want for each space, then we’ll go from there.”
~ ~ ~
“What was Maddy’s wish?” Nathan asked.
Riley shifted in his seat, relieved that his friends not only believed the extreme story he’d just told them, but seemed to be trying to find a solution. They were making progress. “She said she wished for a family–a real family.”
Elliot nodded. “And all these things happening to her, they have to do with family, right?”
“Right.”
“Seems to me,” Nathan said, rubbing his knuckles along his jaw, “this is more about her issue with family than it is about finding the star.” He winced. “Sorry, ‘issue’ was probably not the best word.”
“But I know what you mean.” Riley drummed his fingers on the table. “The attacks on her correlate to her wish.”
Elliot nodded. “Star or not, Maddy’s vulnerable in these areas.”
“What about these attacks?” Riley wanted to sort out as much as possible. “The wolf–is that real? It looked real to me, so real I worried for our safety.”
He continued to drum his fingers a minute before Nathan spoke again.
“I’d guess they’re like the stars. The women believed in the stars, so the power behind them is real. If they believe what they’re seeing–the wolf, Maddy’s fiancé and all that, they feel real.”
“That’s why what you did with the wolf in the forest worked,” Elliot said. “You recognized the wolf was there to scare you and wasn’t real. Once you knew that, believed it, the wolf disappeared.”
“I think for Maddy, knowing why she longed for a real family so badly is going to be a good clue as to how these attacks are getting to her. And…” Riley sighed. “Maybe figuring out how to stop it.”
“You should talk to her about that,” Nathan said.
Riley looked out the window, watching a few small boats bob on the lake, and wishing he were there right now, enjoying a long afternoon with Maddy.
“That might be a little more difficult,” he said. “She doesn’t like to talk to me about her father or David.”
“We’ll be there for her,” Elliot said. “I’ll keep an eye at work.”
“I’ll stop by here and there, offer to work with them when they’re at the house,” Nathan continued.
Riley looked back to his friends, grateful they were so easy to accept something that seemed so out of the ordinary. “Stick close to her–that’s a good start. We’ll deal with the rest as it comes.”




Chapter 27

“Are you my escort for the night?” Maddy asked from behind the counter.
Kara grinned. “Riley called, said he had to work late and he wanted to make sure you didn’t have to go home alone.”
“He’s probably going to come by later anyway.”
“It’s fine. He just wants to make sure you’re okay. And you’re not alone.”
Maddy wiped at the counter with slow, half-hearted circles. “If it’s not him, it’s Elliot or Nathan or you.”
“It could be worse.”
Maddy laughed. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It could be Grace all the time, following you around with that big binder making plans for the youth center.”
“Come on, you know you’re having fun with it.”
Kara shrugged, but her lips curved in a smile. “It is kind of fun. I’m ready to get in there and start, though. We already know what we’re doing with half the place, she should just let us start tearing things apart already.”
“I think that’s what she’s trying to avoid.”
Kara shifted her purse on her shoulder and leaned against the counter, fingering through a basket of individually wrapped chocolates. “You almost ready?”
Maddy nodded. “Paris is in the back. I’m good to go.”
She gathered her jacket and purse, said goodbye to Paris, and joined Kara at the door.
Elliot came out from behind a bookshelf, books piled in his arms. “You leaving, Maddy?”
“Yep.”
He looked to Kara. “You too?”
Her lips quirked. “Yes, Warden, I’m here for Maddy. Don’t worry.”
“Just checking.”
Maddy opened the door for them, and they stepped outside to the empty sidewalk. “He hasn’t said anything since Riley talked with him.”
“What do you mean?”
“He hasn’t said anything about the star. He hasn’t talked to me about it at all.”
“Is that a bad thing?”
She shrugged and zipped her jacket. The wind picked up and the sky looked like rain, heavy clouds making a canopy over the town. “It’s just weird.”
“Maybe he doesn’t want you to feel uncomfortable.”
“I do when he doesn’t say anything.”
Kara laughed. “Get in your car and I’ll follow you home. Then we can talk.”
Maddy gave in and hopped into her car. She flipped the heater on and dropped her purse in the passenger seat.
Nothing had happened since she and Riley had seen the wolf at the Falls. Since then, however, she’d seen Riley just about every evening. He either dropped by Serendipity to meet her for dinner after work or made sure someone else was there with her most of the evening or until he had a chance to come by. He was being protective and Maddy could understand why. Seeing the wolf had made the situation real for him.
She switched on her headlights to compete with the gloom. Tree branches drooped and stretched, looking lonely without their leaves.
Her cell phone rang. She fumbled in her purse, keeping her eyes on the road. In the rearview mirror, she spotted Kara still following close behind. She recognized Riley’s number and smiled. “Hello?”
“Did I catch you in the car?”
“I’m on my way home.”
“With Kara?”
Maddy sighed. “Yes, she’s right behind me.”
“Sorry I couldn’t come meet you. I had a showing that ran late and there are a few things I have to do at the office before I call it a day.”
“It’s okay, Riley.”
“I’m going to come over after work, though.”
“Riley, Kara will be there.” Maddy checked her mirror again as she turned toward the house. “It’s fine if you go home.”
She heard the shuffle of papers and a sigh that sounded amused. “We’re going to try something, okay?”
Maddy hesitated. “Okay.”
“Repeat after me.”
Maddy passed the main house, dropping her speed. “Okay.”
“‘That’s so nice of you to offer to come over, Riley.’” He paused and waited for her to repeat what he said. “‘And since I know how much you enjoy my company, I’d be happy to have you over whenever you’d like.’”
She chuckled.
“I’m sorry,” he said, a smile in his voice. “I didn’t catch that.”
She stopped in front of the guesthouse, settling her foot gently on the break. “I am happy to have you over whenever you like.”
“Because you know that I want to be there.”
She put the car into park and let his deep voice and the words he said sink in. “I know.”
“You do?”
“Yes.”
Riley’s laughter was warm. “Then I guess that little exercise was just to humor me.”
“No, I see your point.” She gathered her jacket and purse and stepped out of the car. “It feels like I’m inconveniencing you–”
“You’re not.”
“I know. So I shouldn’t keep bringing it up, right?”
Kara walked over from her car, raising her brows at the phone. Maddy shut the car door.
“You’re not inconveniencing me, Maddy.” He paused, started to say something else, but seemed to change his mind. “I’ll see you soon.”
Maddy heard him hang up and she looked at the phone, wondering what he’d been about to say.
“Who was that?” Kara asked, walking side by side with Maddy to the front door.
“Riley.”
Kara put her arm around Maddy’s shoulders, corners of her lips lifting in a smile. “How sweet.”
She pulled out her keys. “He’s sweet.”
“He totally digs you,” Kara said, bopping her hip against Maddy’s.
“Kara.”
“Just saying. Come on.” She waved at the lock. “It’s cold!”
~ ~ ~
“What are you making?”
“Grilled cheese sandwiches, because you hardly have any food here and I don’t have all night.”
Maddy watched Kara turn a burner on at the stove and shuffle through three drawers before she finally found a spatula. “Why not? You don’t want to stay and visit when Riley gets here?”
“I have to pack.”
Maddy dropped the stack of mail she was holding onto the counter and boosted herself up, narrowing her eyes. “What do you mean pack? Did you finally decide to find a real place around here?”
“No. I’m going home.”
Maddy’s mouth opened in surprise. “What?”
Kara settled the sandwiches on the skillet and gave Maddy a level look. “I need to get some things in order.”
“What kind of things?”
Kara waved the spatula. “You know, check my mail, establish a forwarding address, pack more clothes–that kind of thing.”
Maddy’s mouth popped open again. “You’re coming back. You’re doing all this so you can come back to live here.”
“It’s only temporary,” Kara said firmly. She turned up the heat on the stove with a flick of her wrist, clearly irritated. “So don’t start getting all excited.”
“Of course I’m excited.” Maddy hopped off the counter. She wrapped her arms around her friend in a spontaneous hug, causing Kara to stumble and frown. “You have to move in with me.”
“I have to move in with you?”
“Yes–no. Well, you don’t have to but I think you should.”
Kara gave Maddy an absentminded pat with her free hand. Then looked around. “It would be better than a hotel.”
“And we’ve never been roommates before.”
“And Riley will appreciate it.”
“Yeah, that too.”
Kara laughed. “I guess I could. Besides, after you find the star, I guess I’ll probably appreciate the company too.”
Maddy sobered at the comment. Kara was right. Once Maddy found her piece of the star, Kara was next. She’d have her own demons to deal with.
Kara flipped the sandwiches. “Do you think Riley might have something to do with how you find the star? You know, because your wish was for family?”
Maddy’s mouth went dry. “Why would you say that?”
“Riley was there when you saw the wolf, so he’s totally involved now. And well…you like him, right?”
Her laugh was punctuated with nervousness. “Sure I do.”
“No, I mean, you really like him. The same way you liked David before he asked you to marry him.”
She backed into the counter. Kara had said marry. And she’d talked about Riley in the same context as the word. Kara slid the sandwiches onto two glass plates and brought them around to the table.
When she didn’t move, Kara put her hand on her hip. “You need a drink? Something strong?”
Maddy shook her head.
She couldn’t think about marriage, couldn’t think about Riley like that. She was afraid to. That’s why she couldn’t tell him how she felt about him. It was the one thing she’d wished for and her dream had been crushed when David died. She couldn’t do it again.
“I’m afraid,” Maddy said finally. She shuffled to the table to sit with Kara. “What if that’s really how Riley feels? What if he actually thinks about the future–us in the future?”
Kara placed her hand on Maddy’s. “I can pretty much guarantee he thinks about your future together. Judging by the way he looks at you.”
“Kara.” Maddy pushed her plate away, suddenly not hungry anymore. “That’s not helping.”
Kara squeezed her hand. “Honey, you’re going to have to deal with it eventually. Just like you’re going to have to deal with your dad.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, there’s a recurring theme here in the attacks against you. They’re all about family. I know you’ve noticed. Dealing with Riley might be part of that and dealing with your dad is probably going to be a big part as well.” Kara slid Maddy’s plate back in front of her. “Finding the star might require you to face the past even more closely than you already have.”
Tears blurred her vision. “You’re right.”
Kara’s green eyes flashed with alarm. She pushed herself out of her seat and came to kneel next to Maddy. “Don’t cry.”
“No, you’re right. I do have to deal with this. And face my past.”
“What are you thinking?”
“I think I should go back to the house.”
Kara frowned, rubbing her hand over Maddy’s leg. “What house?”
“Where I lived with Dad. That’s the first place. If I can do that, then I might be able to deal with the rest.”
“Are you sure?”
She nodded. “I am.”
“Do you want me to go with you?”
“Would you?”
“Of course.”
“Right now?”
Kara stood. She glanced toward the window. The light spread thin and dark clouds still gathered with purpose. “Are you sure you don’t want to wait? Riley is coming over soon.”
Maddy got up as well. “I’ll call him.”
~ ~ ~
Riley shut down the computer and searched his desk for his car keys. His cell phone rang and he eased it out of his pocket, recognizing Maddy’s number.
“Is everything okay?”
Her quiet laughter reassured him. “Hi. Yes, everything is okay.”
“I’m sorry.” He lifted the files on the corner of his desk. “I was just getting ready to leave.”
“You’re still at the office?”
“I am. But once I find my keys I’m leaving.”
“No, don’t. I mean, you can leave, but don’t come over here.”
He dropped the stack of files and frowned. “Why not?”
“Kara and I are going to run an errand.”
He spotted his keys next to the computer. He snatched them up and ran a hand through his hair. “Maddy.” He hesitated before moving to the door. His secretary had already left, leaving a small lamp illuminated in the corner of the entryway. “Does this errand have anything to do with the star?”
“Well…we were talking and we sort of thought that remembering some things from my past might help to find the star.”
He flipped off the lamp. “Where are you going?”
“My old house.”
He grabbed his jacket from the rack in the corner and stepped out of the building. “The house you and your father lived at?”
“Yes.”
His hand tightened on his keys. What if someone else lived there now? Maybe all they wanted to do was drive by and it would be safe. But the idea still worried him.
“I can meet you there.” He hopped into his car. “It’s close, right?”
Maddy said something to Kara he couldn’t quite make out. It sounded like they were getting in a car. “I think we’ll be okay. Kara’s going to be with me the whole time.”
Riley held in a sigh. She was right, if Kara was with her, it probably would be fine. There wasn’t much more he could do if he was there. But this was exactly the kind of thing that had triggered her attacks in the past.
“Maddy, just be careful, please.”
“I will.”
“Call me if anything happens,” he told her firmly. “Even if you just need to talk. I can still come over later.”
“Riley.” She paused. Remembering their conversation from earlier, maybe. “I’ll call you if something happens. I promise. Go home, relax, and don’t worry.”
Easier said than done. But what else was he supposed to do? “Okay. I’ll keep my phone close by.”
“Riley, I…”
He heard a car start in the background. “Yes?”
“Nothing. Have a good night.”
“You, too.”
He flipped the phone closed. He couldn’t go home, he couldn’t relax like Maddy had suggested. Too many thoughts in his head.
Riley switched on his headlights and drove to the antique store. He saw lights on inside and Grace’s car still parked in the lot. Of course she was still there. She didn’t seem to care if it was Friday, which it was. Or that it was late, which it was. She stayed until the work was done.
Riley grabbed two coffees from Serendipity before making his way over.
A brief knock on the glass got her to look up. When she saw him, she came to unlock the door.
“I brought coffee. Can I come in?”
She arched a brow as she took the coffee. “I thought you were going over to Maddy’s.”
“She and Kara are running an errand.”
Grace frowned. “What errand?” 
“Going to the house Maddy used to live at with her father.”
Grace didn’t respond, only brought her coffee back to the counter.
“What are you thinking?”
“That’s going to be hard. She hated that place.”
His teeth clenched. Definitely not what he needed to hear. Grace saw his expression and she immediately reached out to touch his arm.
“She’ll be fine. Maybe it’ll be good. She needs to deal with everything that happened with her father.”
Riley gave a rueful smile. “I would prefer to be there.”
Grace smiled back and sipped her coffee. “I know.” She tilted her head. “So, you’re pretty much in love with her then?”
He choked on his coffee.
Grace laughed, her blue eyes dancing. “You’re cute, Riley.”
“This is definitely not the time to be making fun of me.” He dabbed at his chin.
She boosted herself onto a stool. “I’m not making fun of you. I really do think you’re cute, especially when you’re in love.”
There was nothing wrong with the idea of love. Not in his head. But to hear it said out loud, by his own sister, was another thing. Had everyone else come to this conclusion, too? Did Maddy have any idea?
“I see you’re not denying it.”
“Grace,” he warned. “You know I’m going to remember this when you’re in the exact same situation.”
“Me? Love?” She pursed her lips, looking unperturbed. “An unlikely predicament–at least in the near future.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because you never know. I wasn’t exactly expecting Maddy to come along when she did and look what happened.”
Grace gave another charming smile and dismissed his comment by turning the conversation back to him. “Yes, look what happened.”
Riley shrugged out of his jacket and tossed it on the other end of the counter. “I don’t think Maddy’s at the same place I am, so don’t say any of this to her.”
“Of course.”
“But do you think she’s at least halfway there?”
Grace’s smile was tender. “Riley, I know Maddy cares about you. She might not be able to say it, but I can see it. But she’s struggling because she’s already lost someone close. And she’s probably worried it could happen again. Getting close to you is a risk. It’ll probably take more than just her feelings to make her believe this will work.”
“What will it take?” Riley asked, toying with his coffee cup rather than drinking what was inside.
“An assurance, probably.” Her eyes were gentle on his. “I think if she were to tell you out loud she truly cares for you, it would feel like she’s just setting herself up for something terrible to happen. If she knew for sure that it would all turn out all right, then things might be different.”
“But there are no assurances like that in life.”
“No. But it would be nice if there were, wouldn’t it?”
He sighed. “I can be patient.”
“That you can. And Riley, it’ll happen. One thing I know for sure is that Maddy always follows her heart.”
“Good for me, then.”
“Great for you.” She gave him a soft pat on the cheek. Her jewel blue eyes twinkled again. “You already have her heart. She just hasn’t realized it yet.”







Chapter 28

“I feel like a spy or something,” Kara said, trying to lighten the situation. “I should have worn my ski mask.”
Maddy’s brows drew together. Kara couldn’t tell whether the expression was exasperation or reluctant amusement but it made her laugh. The noise sounded too loud and high pitched in the silence of the night.
The chill of the evening nipped at her cheeks, air thick with moisture that had yet to reach the ground. The moon was bright white, full and misted over with thin clouds. Kara shivered in her jacket and wished she’d brought gloves.
If Maddy found her star, she’d be here–in this same position–soon. The evil behind the star was playing dirty with Maddy. Kara swallowed. She didn’t want to think about what it might do to her.
Standing close to the curb, Kara noticed a “For Rent” sign sitting haphazardly in a front window, reflecting the dingy appearance of the rest of the house. No wonder it wasn’t rented out. It was poorly kept. Overgrown weeds littered the entire front lawn. The screen door rested against the house instead of sitting on its hinges and a basement window had a jagged hole as though someone had thrown a rock through the glass.
The entire house looked eerie and out of place in the quiet neighborhood.
“I could definitely use this in my book,” she whispered.
Maddy looked over again with narrowed eyes. “I’m happy for you, Kara.”
“Okay, sarcasm, I get it.” She shrugged and leaned against the car. “So what do we do now?”
Maddy shook her head. Her breath came out in a misty plume. “I don’t know. This is not what I wanted to do with my night.”
“We should come back tomorrow. Or next week. Or never.”
“No.” Maddy shook her head again. “No, I’m supposed to do this.”
Kara gazed up at the moon. All good, creepy material for her book. At least she’d made progress on it. She’d managed to develop characters that didn’t altogether resemble her close friends, as difficult as it had been. And their stories were similar but not page for page what was happening in real life. At this point, any progress was good.
“I think I’m going to look around,” Maddy said.
Kara watched as she moved away from the car and started up the sidewalk. “You’re not going in there are you?”
“I don’t know, why?”
“Besides the fact that it’s illegal?” She glanced over her shoulder. “Riley would kill me.”
“Don’t be dramatic, Kara. Riley wouldn’t kill you.”
Kara pushed herself away from the car and followed, even more spooked by the place the closer they got. “If I called him right now and told him this place was abandoned and you were planning on going inside, he’d drive straight over here and stop you himself.”
“That’s why you’re not going to call him.”
“Do you think this is funny?”
Maddy paused and turned to Kara with serious eyes. “No, it’s not funny.”
Kara linked arms with her. “Then let’s just look around–quickly–and go. I do not want to see any wolves or ghosts or hear any voices or whatever else might happen because of the star.”
Maddy and Kara crept to the side of the house. With a gloved hand, Maddy wiped dirt off the window and peered inside. “The kitchen,” she whispered. She lingered for a few seconds, then said, “Let’s go around back.”
Kara squeezed through the opening in the fence. A dog barked a few houses away, piercing the solemn night.
“Just a dog,” Maddy said.
“Thank you, I gathered that.” Kara loosened her grip from Maddy’s arm.
“My bedroom.”
She followed Maddy to the next window, relieved when Maddy only stood on her toes to peer inside. “I snuck outside this window so many times…”
The house was at the end of a cul-de-sac, surrounded by trees in the back. The wind blew, rustling leaves and whirling through the branches. If she were a wolf, that’s exactly where she would hide…waiting, stalking, growling…
“Kara.”
She pulled in a sharp breath. “What?”
“Are you ready to go?”
She nodded vigorously. “Do you need to do anything else?”
Maddy leaned against the house. “I thought it would be hard to be back, hard to see this place. There are bad memories, of course, but it’s not like seeing my dad. This is just…it’s just a house.”
They walked quietly across the lawn, snuck back through the fence to the front of the house, and loaded themselves into car. She started the engine and felt the warmth from the heater kick in almost immediately. She warmed her hands in front of the vent.
“So this isn’t the place you needed to go, then?” Kara asked.
“No.”
“Any other ideas?”
“Not yet. Let’s go.”
~ ~ ~
Kara stayed for another hour after they returned. When Maddy grew too tired to talk anymore, she promised Kara she’d be okay alone and walked her to the door.
She found comfortable pajamas in her dresser and shuffled to bed. She gave a long sigh of contentment when she slid under the covers. She loved this bed, loved this place. It felt so much like home. Nothing like the house she’d visited earlier this evening.
She’d lived there for over two years but even her own bedroom hadn’t been the haven she needed or should have been able to expect from a home. Not like Riley’s place. A real home he loved.
Maddy shifted to her side. Why was she thinking about Riley’s place? Why had Kara said what she did at dinner? Did he really think about their lives together–a future together?
Her eyes drooped, shutting out the dimness of the room. Maybe she could handle it. Maybe…
Sleep came quickly. The dream was a memory from that night after she’d returned home from Moore’s Antiques. The first day she’d met Grandpa Moore. The day she’d hid in the armoire.
She finally went home, late in the evening, having nowhere else to go, knowing she was going to have to face him eventually. He was in the backyard, sitting in a lone lawn chair in the middle of dying grass.
“You are such a bad little girl.” His voice came out scratchy, the greeting a reminder he still remembered what had happened earlier in the afternoon.
Maddy backtracked into the house and went for her room. He was already after her, footsteps heavy as he clambered down the hall. He snagged her arm when she’d nearly reached the door. The blow that followed caught her right across the cheek, the same one he’d slapped earlier in the day, and she stumbled. A fiery ache spread across her jaw.
“Horrible, rotten little girl, Madison…”
Maddy’s head twisted on the pillow. Her eyes opened slowly to the present and she sought out the alarm clock. It felt like she’d only been asleep for a few minutes. The bright, red lights read 1:45 am.
Her cheek and jaw throbbed.
“Madison…”
Her heart slammed into her ribs. She didn’t dare move. Was it the wind? A lingering memory of the dream? Maybe she was still dreaming.
She waited endless minutes, listening for the sound again. Wind whistled and trees rustled. The old house creaked, settling on its foundation. But no voice.
The leftover rush of adrenaline still moved through her body. Maddy sat up, unable to return to sleep again. As her eyes adjusted, she could to make out the form of the dresser, the doorway to the bathroom. A chair materialized in the corner. All familiar items. All things that were supposed to be there.
Then one of the shadows moved.
Maddy sucked in a sharp breath and jerked against the headboard. Her hands gripped the covers. Her eyes were trained in the corner. She willed herself not to blink, afraid she’d miss something.
More time passed in silence and she finally pulled her gaze away to look at the clock. 2:03. She reached out and flipped the lamp on by the bed.
The light sucked away the shadows. Her fingers loosened on the covers.
Maddy pushed back the comforter and dropped her feet over the edge of the bed. She slid her into fluffy slippers next to her nightstand. Silence hovered around her, teasing her. Hadn’t she seen something? A movement in the corner?
She distinctly remembered locking the front door. None of the windows were open and they were also locked from the inside. A mistake. It had to be.
She wished Riley were here. She wished she could call him and lock herself in her closet until he got here. Where had she left her cell phone? In the kitchen?
Maddy’s mind swirled with visions of people hiding in the shadows, behind doors, around corners. She tried to get rid of the images and willed herself to move. If she looked around, she’d find that nothing was there and then she could go back to bed. Or grab her phone and bring it with her, in case she was still worried.
Maddy walked quietly to the doorway of her bedroom and peeked around the corner. An empty dark hallway. She inched down the hall and flipped the switch at the end, illuminating part of the living room and the kitchen. She backtracked and turned on the lights in the other bedroom and bathroom. By the time she’d made it out the living room again, her steps grew less cautious.
For good measure, she turned on the light in the kitchen as well. Once every light in the house was on, her shoulders started to relax. Maybe it was better she hadn’t run from her room to call someone when there was clearly no one here.
She lifted her hand to her cheek with a wince, remembering her dream. Her jaw ached vaguely like her father really had reached out and hit her, like it was more than a memory.
When Maddy reached to turn off the light in the kitchen, she heard something like scratching by the front door. She paused.
The wind? It had to be the wind…
She bypassed the door and padded to the window. Her hand trembled as she parted the curtain. She could see the main house in the distance, only the closest part of it illuminated by the high moon. Trees swayed in the wind. Her car sat in a shadow closer to the house.
Something ran by her car. Just another shadow, but large enough to be a man.
Maddy reeled back from the curtain and then froze in the middle of the living room.
“Madison…”
There was no mistaking the voice this time. Deep, and scratchy, almost musical, just like her father’s had been when he was drunk. But this time it was behind her. She whipped around, eyes traveling to the end of the hallway.
Movement had her backing swiftly into the door.
Her father. She’d seen her father inside her house.
~ ~ ~
Riley shifted in bed and drew himself onto one elbow. He opened his eyes and peeked at the clock. 2:05. What had woken him up? Something was off…
He sat up, unable to place where the feeling of worry had come from. He hadn’t heard from Maddy, so evidently everything had gone okay. He made sure Grace had made it home. So why was he awake?
His heart pounded as though he’d awoken from a nightmare. He tossed back the covers and stood. His cell phone lay on the nightstand next to his home phone. Why couldn’t he shake the feeling of worry?
Maddy?
Riley sighed and dressed quickly. He shoved his feet into sneakers and made his way downstairs without tying them. He didn’t care that it was the middle of the night; he needed to make sure she was okay.
Riley hopped in his car and nearly called her just to make sure. But if she was sleeping, he didn’t want to disturb her. Better to drive by. Take a look, make sure everything appeared normal.
He jumped when his cell phone rang from the console. “Maddy?” He heard a sharp breath on the other end. “Maddy?”
“Riley…” Her voice came through a whisper.
“Maddy? Are you okay?” He pressed harder on the gas, a natural reflex to the anxiety in her voice.
“I saw him–he’s in my house.”
Riley’s heart leaped in alarm, fingers tightening on the steering wheel. “I’m on my way. Are you okay?”
“Please hurry.”
“Maddy, don’t hang up the phone–Maddy!
Riley lost the signal. He tossed the phone on the seat and picked up more speed. He didn’t know who the person in her house was, but Riley had a pretty good guess.
~ ~ ~
Maddy slid down against the refrigerator, her phone still in her hand. Riley, please hurry. Keeping her eyes frozen on the entryway to the kitchen, she reached to the drawer above her to grab a knife.
Maddy scooted further back against the cabinets, gripping the knife like a vise.
“Horrible, bad, little girl…”
A whimper escaped her lips. This time she squeezed her eyes shut, remembering the wolf, remembering what Riley had told her in the forest.
“You’re not real, you’re not real, you’re not real…”
Loud banging made Maddy jump. Her eyes shot open.
“Maddy!”
She stood and ran to the door. “Riley!”





Chapter 29

The full weight of her body hit Riley the moment the door opened. He took a step back and reached up to capture her arms. Her face had drained of color, brown eyes wide with fear. She held a kitchen knife in her right hand.
“Maddy–” He peered around her into the house. “Who was here?”
She didn’t release him. “My dad.”
Riley gripped her hand firmly and pried the knife loose. “Let me look around the house.
“He gone–I think he’s gone.”
He gave a short nod. No doubt he was. Or more likely, he had never been there in the first place. It was just another evil tactic, another cruel way to torment her.
He met her eyes. “I’ll look anyway. I’ll–” He broke off, tilted her chin up. “What’s this? Did you fall?”
“What do you mean?” She raised hand to her cheek, pressing it over a spot of red, like the beginning of a bruise.
“Stay here, let me look.”
Riley did a quick sweep of the house, not expecting to find anything out of place, let alone a person lingering in the corners. Every single light in the house was already on and everything was just how it should be. When he returned to the living room, Maddy still stood by the door, hand on the knob as though she was ready to bolt.
He deposited the knife on the kitchen counter, vaguely noticed her cell phone on the floor, and moved back to her side. “Should we go?”
She shook her head. “No.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m sure.” Her voice shook slightly but she lifted her chin. “I’m not going to let this scare me out of my house.”
Riley touched her cheek. “Good for you.” He peered closer, tracing a line softly down her cheekbone. “Now, what happened?”
Her hand pressed against her cheek once more. “What is it? Is it red?”
He nodded.
“I had a dream about him. And he was…” Her voice broke and she looked away.
“You can tell me,” Riley said softly. “Please, Maddy.”
To his surprise, Maddy covered her face with her hands and began to sob.
“Maddy…”
He put his arms around her. She stood still for a moment and then couldn’t seem to hold back any longer. Her body sagged against his and he held her while she continued to cry. When the sobs grew quieter, he led her to the couch and kept his arms around her firmly until her crying subsided.
~ ~ ~
Maddy must have dozed for a short period of time. When her eyes opened, she was still on the couch, arm pillowed under her head. Riley was gone. She sat up quickly and a blanket fell off her lap.
“I’m here.”
She twisted at the sound of his voice behind her. Her head felt heavy and her eyes tired and sore. But relief rushed through her. “What are you doing?”
“Thinking.”
The room was still dim around them, night pressing against the windows. “What time is it?”
He checked his watch. “Almost 3:30.”
“Oh, Riley, I’m sorry…”
His smile lit his eyes and caused tired wrinkles. “It’s fine–you should rest.”
“You should have just gone home.”
Riley came around the couch and sat next to her. “I’m staying.”
Maddy folded her legs next to her, too tired to argue. She wanted him here. Why hadn’t she asked Kara to stay?
“What are you thinking?” Riley asked.
Maddy shook her head. His eyes remained trained on her face, no doubt in search of answers to what had happened tonight.
You can trust, Riley. He needs to know what’s going on.
She sunk her hands into the sleeves of her flannel pajama shirt. She focused her eyes on the tiny design of color. “I was thinking that it felt real, it was real to me, my father being here. And this,” she touched her cheek, “it felt real.”
Riley’s eyes traveled to the spot she’d touched, then moved to hers as his brows drew together. “It’s almost gone now.”
“I can barely feel it. I think…it was real for the moment, real because I believed it. But once I realized there was no way my father could be in the house…”
“It faded.” Riley nodded. He cupped her cheek and smoothed her hair back with his other hand.
Her vision blurred with tears at the gesture of tenderness. She swallowed the ache in her throat.
“Maddy,” Riley said, voice thick. She could hear the desperation there, the longing to help. “Please tell me.”
“It was just a dream,” Maddy said, voice soft. “In my dream, I was back in a memory of the first summer I moved here. I was going to go grocery shopping and my father said he would drive me. But he was drunk and swerving all over the road and I told him to stop. He slapped me–” She felt Riley’s hand tense on her cheek. She just leaned into it and gave him a tired smile. “So I ran. I ran to the antique store and Grace was so surprised she didn’t say anything and I hid right inside that big armoire.”
“The armoire.”
Maddy nodded. Her smile faded. “After I went home that night, my father was so angry. He tried to finish what he’d started.”
He thumb slid across her cheek, and then he drew her close. “I’m sorry, Maddy.”
She smiled into his shoulder and a hot tear slid the length of her face, lingering on her chin. “I’m not. That was the day I met your grandpa.”
Maddy wrapped her arms around him and closed her eyes, cushioning her head on his chest.
“I love you, Maddy.”
She tensed. Her hands flexed against his back. His arms tightened around her, stopping her from pulling away. “Don’t, please. You don’t have to say anything. I should’ve–it was bad timing.”
It took her a long moment to settle back into his arms. Why couldn’t she say anything? That she truly thought she might have found love again? Even that she cared for him?
But he only stroked her hair and soothed her saying, “Just relax.”
And she listened because it was easier than being vulnerable, than opening herself up to the unknown.
When Maddy felt her eyes droop again and her body went limp, she tried to speak. “You can leave if you need to…”
“I don’t need to. Relax,” he said again, fingers like a soft breath on her cheek. “Sleep now.”
Safe in his arms, she fell asleep.
~ ~ ~
Riley eased out from underneath Maddy, grimacing at a kink in his neck. She curled her arm under her cheek and snuggled into the pillows.
Careful to keep quiet, Riley stood from the couch and checked his watch. 9:00. Sunlight streamed through the blinds in the kitchen and Maddy’s breathing remained soft and steady.
He stretched his arms and rolled his shoulders, surprised he’d slept so long. He made his way to the bathroom, washed his face in the sink and decided breakfast would be a good idea. He could use the time to think, maybe try to figure out something that would distract them for the day.
In the kitchen, Riley placed the knife Maddy had been holding last night in the sink. He retrieved her cell phone from the floor. It needed to be charged but he had no idea where her charger was so he placed it on the counter.
The kitchen was small–Riley was used to his own–and he filled the counters quickly. Eggs, bacon he’d found fresh but unopened, bread for toast. There was also fruit in the refrigerator. He peered over the top of the counter when he heard shifting on the couch. But when Maddy continued to sleep, he got to work on the eggs and bacon.
He shuffled around until he found tongs and a spatula. With the bacon sizzling, he turned again for the refrigerator and saw Maddy lingering at the edge of the kitchen.
“I was trying to be quiet,” he said with a smile.
“You didn’t wake me up.” Her warm, chestnut eyes moved around the kitchen, lingering over the items on the counter. When they landed on him they were mildly astonished. “You’re making breakfast.”
“Very astute.”
She laughed and tucked her hands into her sleeves. She still wore pajamas from last night, a checkered pattern and pants that were too long on her petite form.
“Would you like some help?”
He shook his head and propelled her to the table. “Have a seat. Orange juice?”
“Sure.”
His hand lingered on her shoulder before he turned, filled her a glass, and brought it to the table.
“How did you sleep?” he asked once he’d dropped the bread in the toaster and flipped the bacon.
“Not bad.”
Her eyes were red, he could see that from where he stood. But that probably had more to do with the emotion of the night than lack of sleep. Her cheek showed no lingering effects, no bruise, no red marks. But last night it had been real. And if the mark on her cheek had been real–at least last night–what else was real? The wolf?
“What’s wrong?” she asked, wide eyes steady on his face.
Riley switched gears in his head and cast her a smile. “Nothing at all. I was trying to figure out what we should do today.”
“I was thinking about that, too.”
“No old houses, no lakes, no places that spark memories–bad memories, at least–from the past,” he listed off. “But other than that…”
She gave a wry smile. “Okay, then, I have no ideas.”
Riley chuckled. He scooped eggs onto their plates, buttered the toast and added some bacon. He delivered breakfast to the table.
“Thank you, Riley.”
“Of course.”
She worked on the eggs for a few minutes in silence, her delicate fingers relaxed on the fork. When she raised her eyes to him, they were curious. “So what were you thinking? About today?”
Riley returned his orange juice to the table and reached for a piece of toast. “Something I forgot to talk to you about earlier this week.”
“What is it?”
“I’ll have to show you.”
“Does it involve going out into public? The prospect of actually seeing other human beings?”
“Potentially.”
Maddy groaned and looked down at her pajamas. “I’m a mess.”
His voice rumbled in a deep laugh. “Not from where I’m sitting.”
“Like you would really tell me if I looked bad.”
He set down his toast and shifted in his seat to face her fully. “I wouldn’t lie to you, Maddy, about anything.”
Her eyes swept down, lashes touching her cheeks. Her hand stretched across the edge of the table and covered his. “I know.”
Riley flipped his hand to link with hers. “Why don’t you hop in the shower, relax, do whatever it is you women do and get ready? I’ll use the time to make some phone calls.”
“That sounds good.”
He turned back to the table. “But finish your breakfast first so it doesn’t get cold.”
~ ~ ~
Maddy did as Riley suggested and relaxed. She washed her hair and went through her closet, looking for something warm, comfortable, and fun. Something that made her feel good. She fixed her hair like they’d shown her in the salon, waving it so it reached the middle of her back. She even put on earrings and some perfume, because it felt nice to partake in a normal ritual. And because she enjoyed wowing Riley.
He said he loved me! She hadn’t forgotten what he’d said last night. And because that was one of the last things that had happened before she’d finally fallen asleep, everything else sort of paled in comparison, which was a decidedly good thing.
Maddy wanted Kara or Grace here, someone she could talk to. She never thought she’d meet someone again, someone she cared about as much as David. But here it was, a few years later and she’d met Riley. And he loved her. If only she could reciprocate those feelings. Or at the very least tell him why she struggled so much with sharing those feelings.
Did she love him? Maddy’s heart fluttered and she sat on the edge of the bed a moment. Did that mean yes? She swallowed hard. Maybe.
She also needed to talk with Grace and Kara and let them know what happened last night. She had no idea how it would help, only that it strongly affirmed her father was at the heart of it all.
She felt it, she knew it. Something about him was the key to figuring this all out.
Maddy wandered down the hallway, pausing at the end when she saw Riley pacing. He rubbed an absentminded hand across his chin and turned to walk the other way. How could he look so refreshed after sleeping on the couch all night?
His step was light as he moved, listening with interest. “That would be perfect.” He said a brief farewell before ending the call. When he turned, he looked startled to see her. His eyes were extra blue today, probably from the lack of sleep, but warm. He shoved the phone into his pocket.
“Maddy, I didn’t know you were there.” A slow smile came to his face. “You look good.”
“So do you.”
He shrugged, dismissing the remark, and leaning his hip against the back of the couch.
“We’re going to try something, okay?” She took slow steps in his direction until she stood right in front of him.
He grinned. “Okay.”
“Now, you have to repeat after me.”
“Repeat after you, yes, I think I remember the rules to this game.”
“Say, ‘Thank you for the compliment, Maddy, though I’m quite aware that I look great.’”
He laughed but managed to get the words out.
“And,” she continued, “‘I promise I will go to my own house tonight so I can get some sleep.’”
“Maddy.”
She slid her hands into his, with a smile she made as charming as possible. “You’re breaking the rules.”
“As I recall, you broke the rules a little yourself last time.”
She sighed. “I’ll compromise, then. I will promise to talk to Grace or Kara about either staying with them or having one of them come over here if you promise to get a better night of sleep.”
He lifted a hand to brush a stray hair off her cheek and gave a serious nod. “I think I can handle that.”
“Good.” She went to the closet to retrieve her jacket, cheek still warm from his touch. “I should talk to Grace and Kara anyway, about last night.”
“Don’t worry. It’s all taken care of. We’ll meet them at Nathan’s later this evening because he promised to cook for everybody. Elliot will come, too. I think being around friends instead of being home will help.”
She pressed her lips together briefly. “You’re right.”
He opened the door for her and they walked to his car.
“Where are we going?” She slid into the front seat. “Is it far?”
“Not far at all.”
Maddy spent most of the ride thinking. What else was she missing? If her father had something to do with finding the star, then why hadn’t something happened when she’d visited his old house? And why did it have to happen at home, at the guesthouse?
Someplace she was comfortable in…
When Riley stopped in front of a large house on the opposite side of town, Maddy looked over, distracted. “Where are we?”
“The former estate of John P. Wilsher and his wife, Eleanor.”
Maddy sent him a questioning look. “Am I supposed to know these people?”
He reached over with a chuckle and squeezed her hand. “No, you’re not. Come on, let’s get out.”
Maddy exited the car and waited for Riley to join her on the driveway. They parked just beyond the gate, far enough back to get the full scope of the house. It was a large, bordering on imposing. But the grounds were attractive and immaculate, lawn stretching wide and trees surrounding the property.
“Is someone home?” she asked.
“No, but don’t worry, they know we’re here.”
Maddy followed Riley up the drive. A lock box held the door shut and Riley quickly dialed in the code.
“Are you selling this house?”
He led her inside. “I’m trying to.”
“Why?” She looked around in awe. “It’s a beautiful home, why do they want to move?”
“Unfortunately, Eleanor passed away a few months back and Mr. Wilsher has decided to move to Washington to be closer to his kids.”
Maddy frowned. “That’s sad.”
The house was open and empty, most of the furniture gone or covered in white sheets. Riley kept his hand on her back and led her to a great room, large enough to hold most of the guesthouse. The room was almost completely full of furniture, so much so that she could hardly maneuver her way around.
A small film of dust coated the room, making her nose itch.
“Eleanor used to love donating to charities and helping out the church.” He scooted around a long, wooden bench. “When John decided to move, he realized he didn’t need all this furniture. But he mentioned he’d heard about this little auction for a youth center coming up at the beginning of December.”
Maddy’s heart jumped and she looked around at the amount of furniture, beautiful old and new pieces in the room. Works of art and sculpture. Even a grand piano. Her eyes widened.
“I mentioned I knew the women who were going to open the youth center, told him all about this adorable one with a penchant for all things coffee” –he grinned– “a little quiet though, and not at all inclined to accept my help–”
“Riley,” Maddy chided with a laugh.
He smiled at her and took her hand. “Anyway, Mr. Wilsher thought his wife would have loved to help out the youth center and he wanted me to tell these three women he’d be delighted to donate every piece in this room for the auction.”
“Every piece?”
Riley nodded.
Maddy looked around in wonder. “Grace and Kara are going to be so excited.”
“You can tell them tonight.”
She coiled her arms around his neck and found his lips with her own. He slid a gentle hand behind her back, and returned the kiss. Did she love Riley?
Maddy closed her eyes tight. She did.




Chapter 30

Riley was relieved when Maddy decided to visit with Kara and Grace in the afternoon instead of going back home. He didn’t feel good about leaving her for long, but with company, it eased his worry some.
Knowing she was safe and distracted, Riley returned home, showered and changed, happy to be in clean and wrinkle-free clothes. His bed was still unmade from when he’d left in a hurry last night and clothes were tossed on top of it.
Despite what had happened last night, he was glad Maddy had opened up to him some. It had been poor timing when he told her he loved her, but it was done now and he felt good about it. He tried not to think about the rest. Tried not to think about how tense she’d been when he’d said the words, and the fact she hadn’t said anything in return.
Time. That was what she needed. Grace had already told him it was going to be hard for Maddy. He only wished he could be as patient about it as he’d told her he’d be.
Riley left for Nathan’s house early. He wanted a chance to talk with him before the women arrived. He figured Elliot would show up a bit early as well. On the surface, it was a simple evening with friends. Maddy needed that. But he wanted the group to know what had happened. He wanted everyone on the same page.
Riley enjoyed the sunshine as he drove. He’d seen a brief report on the weather at Maddy’s this morning warning of a cold front coming in early tomorrow. It had been an inconsistent fall. In just over a month, it would be Christmas.
At Nathan’s house, Riley pulled his car all the way around the drive, leaving room for the others. Elliot was only a minute behind him. He got out with an armful of bags.
“What’s all that?” Riley walked over to lend him a hand.
“I’ve got potatoes–a whole lot of potatoes…” Elliot peered into the bag. “Some veggies and dip, chips, beans–”
“If I knew we needed all this, I would’ve stopped by the store.”
Elliot relinquished a bag with a shake of his head. “Exactly why Nathan didn’t tell you. You had other things you were dealing with. How’s Maddy?”
“Right now, I imagine she’s doing just fine. She just found out about a large donation for the youth center auction.”
“No kidding.”
Riley nodded. He reached the door, knocked briefly, then edged it open.
“Kitchen!” Nathan called.
“I’m glad she had some good news today to follow up whatever happened last night.” Elliot made his way to the sound of Nathan’s voice.
“Me too.”
Nathan greeted them with a nod. “Steaks,” he said, gesturing to the counter. “We’ll just let them marinate for awhile.”
“Sounds good.” Riley hadn’t had anything since his half-eaten breakfast and his stomach rumbled.
“I’m glad you called.” Nathan returned the meat to the refrigerator. He held up a beer and when he got nods from both Riley and Elliot, passed two over. “I wanted another opportunity to have everyone over again anyway. Hopefully to diffuse some stress.”
Elliot nodded. “Good call. Maddy’s been tense.”
“So has Grace,” Riley said. He popped the top on his beer, took a swallow. “This is escalating.”
They sat together at the table. Riley relaxed in the seat, nursing his beer, and enjoyed the quiet until Elliot finally said something.
“Probably better spill it now before everyone else gets here.”
“Probably true.”
“What did you mean it’s escalating?” Nathan asked, hazel eyes curious.
“Last night was the worst it’s been. Maddy was terrified. It was so real to her she actually believed her father was in her house.”
“He was in her house?” Elliot leaned forward.
“It’s worse than that. She had a dream about him first–a memory from when she was younger. One where he’d gotten abusive. When I got to her house she had a bruise on her cheek, as though…” Riley gripped the beer, knuckles turning white.
“So the wolf…”
Riley gave a curt nod. “Right. Real bruise, real wolf.”
“Real danger,” Nathan said. “So it’s about her father? Or at least part of it?”
“I think she figures the same thing. Earlier in the evening yesterday, she and Kara went to the house Maddy used to live in with her father.”
“But nothing happened there,” Elliot concluded from Riley’s expression. “Because it’s the man not the place.”
Nathan nodded. “I agree. She was probably expecting something to happen there, and if it had, she would have been more prepared. But instead it got her at her home. That was worse. She wasn’t expecting it and it probably made more of an impact. Just like using her memories of David to get at her, using the most vulnerable points in her life.”
Riley heard voices at the front door and glanced in that direction. Talk first, then dinner–so they could end the evening on a good note.
~ ~ ~
After her afternoon with Grace and Kara, after the laughter and sharing the good news of the new auction items, Maddy could see her predicament in a new light. She knew exactly what to focus on in her search for the star. Her father.
“You look so nice today,” Kara told her as they walked up to Nathan’s house. “I love your hair this way.”
Maddy grinned. “It was your idea.”
“I did a good job then.” She looked over to Grace. “You’re next.”
Grace chuckled. “Thanks, Kara. I think I look just fine. Besides,” she said, running her hand through her short hair, “there’s not much else you can do with this.”
“Grow it out some, sweep the bangs to the side. All sorts of possibilities. Besides, Grace, you’re always so busy with the store and the youth center, you need to pamper yourself.”
“I don’t need pampering,” Grace protested, reaching for the door.
“You need it, trust me.”
Grace gave up on the conversation, looking at Maddy with a shake of her head.
Nathan greeted them at the doorway. “Glad you could make it.” He motioned them into the kitchen. “Something to drink?”
“Please tell me you have wine.” Kara’s heeled boots clicked on the tile. “Something red.”
“Check,” Nathan said.
He opened a bottle while Maddy went for the table to join Riley and Elliot. Riley smiled and slid a chair out for her. She took it and he reached for her hand immediately.
“You guys look serious,” she said.
Elliot raised his brows, his expression turning from serious to amused.
Riley brushed her hair off her shoulder and squeezed her hand. “They’re serious because I was telling them about last night.”
“Wow.” Grace wandered to the table with a wine glass in hand. “You guys sure know how to throw a party.”
Elliot grinned. “We’ll play Pictionary next.”
“I wanted to get the serious stuff out of the way first so we could all relax,” Riley said.
Maddy shifted in her seat when all eyes turned in her direction. She bit her lip and looked to Riley.
“I told them you saw your father at your house,” Riley began.
“I did.”
“Inside your house?” Grace asked. Nathan pulled out a chair for her and she took it, giving him an absentminded “thanks.”
Maddy nodded. “Inside my house.” She sighed and tried to tell the story without all the details, without the emotion. “I was having a dream about my dad, about that first day I came to the antique store and met Grandpa Moore.” Grace gave an encouraging smile. “When I woke up, I heard his voice. I still thought it was part of the dream but then I thought I saw something in my room. After I looked around, out by the kitchen, I saw him at the back of the hallway.”
“What was he doing?” Kara propped her elbows on the table.
“Nothing, just walking by. But he was inside the house.”
“You said you heard his voice?” Nathan mentioned. “What did he say?”
Maddy hesitated. She realized how hard she was gripping Riley’s hand but she couldn’t let go. “The same thing he always used to say…how horrible I was, how bad… all things from the past. That’s why it felt so real.”
“That wasn’t the only thing that was real,” Maddy heard Riley murmur under his breath.
His tension spread to her but Kara shot a reassuring smile in her direction. “I wonder why you didn’t see anything when we went to your old house.”
Elliot glanced over. “We were talking about that, too. It seems like your father is the key to all this. So really, it wasn’t the house or anything about it that you keep facing. It’s your father.”
“That’s why he showed up at the house.” Maddy swallowed, accepted a glass of wine from Nathan, and drank before she spoke again. “Because that was worse, that was harder to handle. Every time I think I’m getting closer to figuring this out, I’m wrong. I thought going to his house might help, I thought that was standing up to him in a way–”
“It was.” Riley rubbed his other hand across the top of their linked ones.
“No, it wasn’t. I never did when he was alive. I was too upset, to scared to even go to his funeral–”
Maddy broke off suddenly, words halting in the midst of realization.
“What is it?” Riley asked.
Maddy licked her lips. “I didn’t even…try to say goodbye. I thought it would be easier to let it go that way, but…” Tears blurred her vision. “But that anger and hurt is still here, always still here.”
She hadn’t even noticed Nathan leave, but when he returned he set a tissue box in front of her. Maddy pulled one out and gave a choked laugh. “Thank you.” She drew in a quiet breath. “I think I need to go to the cemetery.”
The silence lingered and in the distance Maddy could hear the consistent tick of a clock. Kara was the first to speak up. “I think it’s worth a try.”
She saw another few nods. Maddy looked to Riley.
He gave her a tender smile. “Kara’s right. I think it’s worth a try.”
Maddy reached for another tissue. She laughed. “I’m really hungry.”
“I’ll start the grill,” Nathan said.
“I want to see pictures!” Kara called after him.
He stopped at the back door. “Pictures of the grill?”
Grace smirked.
“Pictures of all the places you’ve been,” Kara said as if it were obvious.
“I’ll bring out the albums in a few minutes.”
Maddy watched as everyone dispersed, stretching and engaging in their own conversations. Riley stayed next to her.
“Not tonight, okay?”
She tilted her head.
“The cemetery.”
The corner of her lips tugged into a smile. “I guess I could wait. Tomorrow, maybe.”
Relief flickered across his face. “I can go with you, if you want.”
“We’ll see. I’m not sure if this is something I have to do on my own or not.”
~ ~ ~
Riley wandered out to the grill, keeping Nathan company while the rest of the group spread photo albums on the table in the kitchen.
Nathan poked at a potato covered in foil. “Almost done.”
Riley gave absentminded nod.
“You doing okay?”
He tried to refocus his attention on Nathan. “Doing fine.”
“You’d be a better liar if your eyes didn’t give you away.”
“Thanks for pointing that out.”
Nathan smiled easily, leaning against the rail of the balcony. “You’re worried about her.”
“It’s hard not to be.”
“I understand. It’s a complicated situation.”
“Complicated,” Riley said with a sarcastic laugh. “Yeah, that’s one word for it.”
Riley glanced over when Kara peeked her head out the door. “That is a scorpion, right?”
“Yep.” Nathan nodded. “Scorpion. Right.”
Riley was amused when Kara shouted, “See, I told you, Grace!” and headed back inside.
“That was China, I think.” Nathan shrugged and pulled one of the steaks off the grill. “Yeah, China. A lot of scorpions live in the Himalayas. We found that one in the back of the bus.”
Nathan pulled off the rest of the steaks. Riley helped him with the potatoes. Before he could move for the door, however, Nathan stopped him.
“It’s a good idea, the cemetery. She has a point about not being able to say goodbye, about still feeling all the anger. That might be why her father can still hurt her so much, even though he’s not around anymore.”
“If this is it, though,” Riley said, “if this is the moment of confrontation…I don’t expect it will be easy. Or quiet.”
“No,” Nathan said, honesty in his eyes. “It won’t.”
It didn’t encourage Riley, but it did help that Nathan was on their side. That the rest were helping out, too. If Maddy didn’t want anyone else with her when she went to the cemetery, he was going to try to convince her otherwise.
“Go with her, Riley,” Nathan said. “Even if you have to wait in the car. And we’ll be nearby.”





Chapter 31

The group met at Serendipity the next day, because Kara insisted on coffee before they made a final decision. When they finished, Maddy stood outside Riley’s car, shivering in her coat. She shoved her hands in her pockets, torn between being grateful everyone was there and embarrassed because this might not be it–it might be another trip just like her visit to her father’s house.
A useless one.
No, not useless. If she could find some kind of closure, it would still be worth it.
“You still want to go?” Grace asked, linking her arm through Maddy’s.
“Yes, I still want to.” They waited. Maddy managed a smile, her gaze encompassing everyone one of them. “I could really use some company.”
“Of course,” Grace said. Kara linked arms with her on the other side, a gesture of support.
“We’ll follow you,” Elliot added, exchanging glances with Nathan, who nodded.
Riley reached out and set a hand on her shoulder. “Ready?”
She nodded. She pulled Grace with her and whispered, “Can you guys go with Elliot and Nathan?”
Grace didn’t question the request. “Sure.”
Maddy watched as Grace subtly caught Kara’s arm and guided her in the opposite direction. She hopped into Riley’s car, needing these few minutes alone with him.
He glanced around. “Just us?”
“Just us.”
Riley started the car, paused, let his hand drop from the keys. He looked over.
“I’m sure, Riley.”
He chuckled softly and put the car into reverse. “Yes, ma’am.”
The drive was a careful one. The car heated and blew warm air in her face while the snow fell harder outside. Her heart stumbled in an irregular beat when she turned to Riley.
“You’ll come with me, right?” she asked.
He reached out and took her hand. “Of course.”
“Riley…”
“Hmm?”
“It just…it means a lot to me that you’ve been here for me.”
Riley nodded and squeezed her hand. He kept his eyes on the road. “And I will be. It doesn’t stop, not after today, not after we figure all this out.”
She turned her head to the window, caught up in emotion. The cemetery came into view, headstones lined up row after row, looking calm and almost serene in the swirl of white snow.
“Maddy?”
She turned her attention back to him and swallowed. Riley pulled over to the side of the road and parked the car. Though she still had gloves on, she covered their linked hands with her other one. “I have to tell you something, Riley.”
He pulled his keys from the ignition and shifted in his seat to face her. His blue eyes were so soft, so gentle…Maddy knew she had found the same thing here with Riley that she’d had with David.
“I’ve never said this to anyone besides David. I love you, Riley. I–”
Her words were silenced with a swift kiss, his lips soft and warm on hers. It was brief and sweet. When Riley pulled back, his hands cupped her face. “I couldn’t help it,” he said. Maddy’s heart sang at the relief, the love, the happiness she saw in his eyes. “I love you, too.”
Maddy heard the sound of car doors shutting behind them. “I still need to do this.”
“Of course, I know.” He released her and reached to tug her hat down over her ears. “Okay, let’s go.”
~ ~ ~
Riley kept Maddy’s hand snug in his own. He didn’t want her out of his sight the entire time. Six of them walked into the cemetery amidst sharp wind and flakes of snow. They stayed behind Maddy, letting her lead the way. Rows of headstones stretched into a snowy oblivion.
“It’s all the way on the other side,” Maddy whispered. He felt her shiver.
“What is it?” Riley asked.
“I don’t know…” Her gaze traveled across the many headstones. “It’s that same feeling I got before when I was at Serendipity.”
“Do you feel sick?” Elliot asked. “Dizzy?”
“A little sick.” She shook her head and closed her eyes briefly. “It’s not that bad.”
Riley turned his head sharply when Grace bumped into him from the other side. “What–?”
“Your wolf,” Nathan murmured.
He and Elliot ushered Kara closer to the group. Sure enough, the dark wolf sat on its haunches, several rows from them, eyes vigilant. In the light of the afternoon, those eyes looked normal but calculating. It didn’t growl or move. It watched.
Riley put a steadying hand on Grace’s shoulder.
“It’s…” She seemed unable to finish her thought. Before today, she hadn’t seen anything to do with the star.
Elliot reached out, nudged Kara. “Go, just keep going.”
Nathan nodded. “Right. We’ll stay, make sure the wolf doesn’t try to follow.”
Riley grasped Maddy’s hand tighter as the wind picked up. Grace stuck close. And with Kara on the other side of Maddy, they continued through the endless rows. Snow coated their jackets and dusted the grass. Visibility lessened and his jeans grew wet with the thick snow.
“Don’t look, Maddy,” Kara said after a moment, grabbing her friend urgently. “Don’t–”
Maddy turned at the same time Riley did. At the edge of their periphery, leaning against a headstone as though it was a warm, sunny day, was David. He stretched his legs out before him, crossed at the ankles. His hands sank deep into his pockets.
“Oh, David…” The heartbreak in Maddy’s voice pierced Riley’s heart.
“It’s not real,” Grace said.
Maddy released Riley’s hand, but she didn’t step forward. David looked real, flesh and blood. Sadness lingered in his dark eyes and his head hung slightly. He met Maddy’s gaze, a solid connection.
“Why’d you leave?” he asked softly. “You came here to forget me?”
Maddy shook her head. “No–”
She stepped forward, but Kara blocked her path. “Remember, Maddy. Remember the coffee shop, remember hearing his voice. None of that was real. And neither is this.” She put her arms around Maddy and hugged her tightly. “Not real.”
“I love you, Maddy,” David whispered, his voice just a breath on the wind.
Riley’s throat constricted at the sound of her sobbing. But Kara was there, followed by Grace, who knew this pain of hers better than he did.
“It’s okay,” Grace soothed, her hand sliding down Maddy’s hair.
Riley looked back to the gravestone, but no one was there.
He moved to the women and touched Grace’s back. “He’s gone.”
Maddy looked over Kara’s shoulder and saw for herself. Her cheeks were streaked with tears. She wiped at them with her gloved hands, attempting a wobbly smile. Riley let her recover, walking next to her without touching her. She led them further into the cemetery. He glanced back but saw no evidence of Elliot or Nathan. Or David and the wolf, for that matter.
“We’re almost there.” Maddy turned at one of the headstones on the end, moving ahead of them.
“Maddy, wait–”
The wind whipped more fiercely, billowing snow around them. It whirled like a giant white sheet, stunting his view.
Where was Maddy? Where was Grace?
She had been the closest when he lost sight of the women. Suddenly he couldn’t see any of them. He called out. There was no answer.
Riley pushed forward, feeling as though the snow was three feet deep instead of just a dusting. “Grace? Kara?”
He turned and immediately realized his mistake. Now he wasn’t sure which way Maddy had gone.
“Riley?”
He was surprised to find Grace just feet from him. He grabbed her arm quickly. “Stay close.”
“There’s Kara,” she said, pointing.
He reached out for her and saw her relief when she realized who it was.
“Where’s Maddy?” she asked.
“Maddy!”
“This way.” Grace pointed.
“Stay close,” Riley said again, moving forward slowly. He kept his breathing even. Maddy was strong, she could do this.
~ ~ ~
A blizzard attacked her. Wind whipping, snow slapping her cheeks. It came up without notice. She was walking next to her friends, Riley close by, and then suddenly they were gone. She turned in circles, but couldn’t find Kara or Maddy. She couldn’t see anyone, had no idea which direction to look.
“Riley!”
Her shout was swept away by the wind. She could see better if she headed in the other direction. She had to, this is why she came.
“Madison…”
Maddy whirled, heart pounding wildly. No one.
“Madison…”
Maddy continued the direction she could see.
“You’re such a bad girl.”
The voice sounded so close. Something touched her arm. She yelped and turned, only to find more snow and wind.
“He’s going to hurt you, too…”
Maddy turned again. Who’s going to hurt me? Riley?
She saw movement on the other side of her, catching a quick glimpse of her father. Instead of pursuing him, instead of moving to where she was already headed, she stayed where she was. And closed her eyes.
“You’re not real,” she whispered to herself, the quiet mantra coming first. “You are not real.”
The wind settled some and Maddy found herself directly at the foot of her father’s headstone. She looked around but saw no one. No Kara, Grace, or Riley. No Nathan or Elliot. Not even her father.
She knelt in front of the headstone. She dipped her head, the words she wanted to say battling with what was in her heart. She should have done this a long time ago–should have found closure somehow.
“I hated you,” she whispered. Her voice broke. “I did. For a long time. You…hurt me. But more than that, you made me feel alone.”
A tear made an icy descent down her cheek. It splattered against the ground. She released a sharp breath and saw it rise heavenward in a foggy plume.
“I don’t think…I don’t think I ever once told you I loved you because you were never a real father to me. And that’s why I wanted a family so badly. A real family.”
She heard voices and looked over her shoulder. She saw Kara, Grace and Riley. She held out a hand to make them stop. The wind had settled abruptly and only a few flakes drifted around her.
“But I forgive you,” Maddy said finally. “I forgive you because I think you didn’t know any better. Mom was gone and you had to do it all on your own and…you were terrible at it.” Her breath caught and more tears fell. “But I still forgive you.”
She shifted and gave a nod. “Okay,” she whispered. She hadn’t been able to do it when he was alive but it felt good doing it now.
Maddy braced herself with her hand, leaning in dead grass and dirt and snow as she tried to stand. She only saw the metal because her hand was so close. Her brows drew together and she eased back down, brushing away the dirt and cold flakes.
It was the star. 
The first piece to the Wishing Star. Faded from time, nearly colorless now, only a hint of red at the center of the piece.
Maddy grabbed it and her breath caught. She whirled to the group and saw Nathan and Elliot had joined them. She held on tight to the star and walked in their direction. Riley got to her first, eyes scanning her face, hands gripping her arms before he crushed her against him.
“Are you okay?”
She laughed, unable to help herself. “I’m okay.”
He buried his face in her neck, wrapping his arms tightly around her waist.
“Riley.” She laughed again. “Actually, I’m better than okay.”
He pulled back a few inches and met her eyes. “Why’s that?”
Maddy held out her palm for the rest to see the metal star resting in her gloved hand.
“The star,” Kara breathed, her eyes widening.
They all looked at it, everyone except for Riley. He pulled her close again and tucked her head against his shoulder. “I love you,” he whispered.
“I love you, too.”




Chapter 32

“I wish Kara was here,” Maddy said from the passenger seat.
Grace turned on Parker, angling her car toward the community center under skies blanketed with heavy clouds.
Grace nodded. “I know. She’ll be back soon, though. Definitely for Christmas.”
Maddy relaxed in her seat. She hadn’t stressed about the star or about her relationship with Riley at all since the day at the cemetery. Since then, nothing unusual had happened. The star was stored safely in a small box at the guesthouse, waiting to be joined with the other pieces Maddy was sure they would find.
Today was the auction. Close enough to Christmas she expected a lot of visitors.
They drove through historic downtown Serenity Falls. All the store fronts looked festive with white lights that glittered in the dismal morning. There were wreaths on doors and big, bright red bows tied around light poles. Pretty, ornate garland wrapped just about everything else.
The community center came into view.
“Are you helping me at the auction booth?” Maddy asked.
“No, Riley said he’d help you.” Grace looked over and grinned. “I’ll be in charge of the money.”
Paris had set up the community center with two key areas. One side was the silent auction, where people could browse the more expensive items and then make a bid. They’d determine the highest offer and the winner of the item at the end of the day. On the other side were additional items businesses and people had been donating the last several weeks.
Grace parked the car around the back of the building and she and Maddy entered through the rear door.
Even from the back, the place looked amazing. Maddy had been at the community center the last few days to help with what she could, but she knew Paris and probably Tracy and her friends had stayed much later last night to finish everything up.
Paris had thought of everything, from decorations to food and drinks, to drawings for gift baskets that had been donated by the bakery. The auction didn’t open for another half hour and Maddy had already seen dozens of cars out on the street.
They found Paris walking through the booths, a clipboard in her arm.
“Maddy!” She hurried over. “Hi, Grace.”
Maddy hugged her. “Oh, Paris, you did such a good job!”
Her dimples winked. “It was fun. Look at all this stuff.”
“I can’t believe you got so much in here,” Grace said with a smile.
“I am so going to get an ‘A’ for this project.”
Maddy laughed. “Do you want us to go to our areas or do you need help with anything else before we start?”
“No–we’re all set. You can get ready to start.”
Maddy linked arms with Grace as they headed toward the front of the building. “It’s hard for you, isn’t it?”
Grace looked over. “What’s hard for me?”
Maddy smiled. “Having someone else organize all this. Letting her have all the responsibility.”
Grace made a face at her, but mumbled, “Yeah, it is. After this, though, the youth center is my project.” She shrugged. “You know what I mean.”
“Of course I do. I’m just there to help and to keep you motivated. And I love the youth center. It’s going to be so good to see it open.”
“The beginning of the summer. That’s my goal.”
Maddy opened her mouth in surprise. “Grace, that’s so soon.”
“What’s so soon?” Riley asked, coming up behind them and slipping his arms over their shoulders.
“Grace wants to open the youth center at the beginning of the summer,” Maddy said, looking over her shoulder at him.
“That’s determination.”
Grace squirmed out from underneath his arm. “Exactly. We can do it, I know we can.” She turned toward the other room. “Gotta get to work.”
“This summer, Riley, she really thinks we can get it done.”
Riley grabbed her hand and turned her to face him.
“That’s only six months,” she continued.
He still didn’t respond. Only smiled at her.
“What, Riley?”
He laughed. “I love you.”
“Well, sure, but that’s not going to help us finish the youth center in six months.”
Riley grabbed her for a hug. “You sound like Grace. Too focused on one thing.”
Maddy smacked his arm. “I am nothing like Grace, which is why we will get the youth center done. Different minds, the same task.” She took his hand and led him toward their table. “And Kara, too. She’s a hard worker when she wants to be.”
“Speaking of Kara.”
Maddy glanced up and saw her friend helping Elliot in the food and drink area.
“Kara!”
She turned, gave a radiant smile and enveloped Maddy in a hug.
“I didn’t know you were back, why didn’t you call?”
“I wanted to surprise you.”
Maddy laughed. “So you come in and go straight to Elliot.”
Elliot grinned.
Kara crossed her arms. “No, I asked Paris what she needed help doing and she told me to help Elliot.”
“If you say so.” She glanced toward the front of the building as people started to enter. “Time to work.”
~ ~ ~
Riley enjoyed watching Maddy happy and stress-free. She chatted with people and made suggestions and organized the bids for the auctioned items. She’d gotten into his heart–faster than he’d thought possible. But he was ready for the rest of his life with her.
He saw Kara walk over to visit with Grace and turned to Maddy. “Hey, I’m going to check and see how Grace is doing. Are you good here for a few minutes?”
Maddy laughed and waved him away. “Of course I’m good here. Take as long as you want.”
Before he even made it to Grace, she’d already struck up a conversation with another member from the community.
“This is going so well,” Grace said when she saw him.
He nodded. “Maddy said there’s a bid for just about everything out there.”
“And we’ve probably already sold half of what’s been donated.” Her eyes sparkled.
“I’m really happy for you guys.”
Kara nudged him with her elbow. “What did you really come over for?”
“To share in the joy?”
She snickered. Grace smacked her arm and Kara straightened out her smile. “Sorry. I just meant Riley hasn’t left Maddy’s side all day, so I’m sure there’s another reason why he came over to talk.”
“What is it, Riley?”
He shifted and crossed his arms. “I’m struggling a little with Maddy’s Christmas present.”
“You still have two weeks,” Kara said with a grin. “Don’t you guys like to wait until the night before?”
He gave her a mild look. “I can’t. Grace will nag me too much if I do.”
“Hey!”
Kara moved her shoulders in a shrug. “Just ask her to marry you already, that’d be a great present.”
He didn’t respond.
Kara’s mouth opened. “That’s what you’re going to do, isn’t it? Riley!”
Grace grabbed his arm. “Really? Is that what you’re going to do?”
“That’s what I’d like to do,” Riley said honestly, “I just don’t know if it’s the right time.”
Kara grabbed his other arm, shaking it with her excitement. “It’s definitely the right time!”
He looked to Grace, seeking wisdom. Her blue eyes met his seriously. “Kara’s right.”
“Oh, I love it when you say that.” Kara looked to Riley and pressed her lips together, contrite. “Sorry.”
“It’s not too soon?” Riley asked.
“No.”
“No.” Kara squeezed his arm. “This is one thing Maddy wouldn’t want to take more slowly. She’s done the engagement and the planning and–all of it. I think, right now, she just wants to be able to be with you.”
Riley nodded. He could understand that.
Grace smiled at him. “I see what you’re doing, Riley. You’re trying to plan it all out in your head. You want to do the surprise and plan the nice dinner and get the pretty ring when you ask her. Don’t sacrifice anything you want to do, but don’t do more just because you think Maddy will miss it. If you went over there and asked her right now she’d probably drop everything she was doing so she could tell you over and over again how happy she was. Then she’d find everyone else in this building she knows to tell them the good news.”
Kara nodded. “She’s right. That sounds like Maddy.”
“Go do it,” Grace said, nudging him.
Riley stepped away from her. “No way, not right now. I might not make a huge evening of it, but I’m not doing it right here. Especially not with you two standing over here watching us–and you better not say anything to her. I’ll know if you do, Maddy will tell me.”
“She will not.”
“She won’t be able to keep it a secret. I’ll be able to tell.”
Kara chuckled. “Yeah, you’re probably right. But you’d better do it soon or else I won’t be able to keep the secret.”
“Be patient,” Riley advised. But he knew he couldn’t wait much longer either. And he’d gotten the reassurance he needed. “I won’t make you wait too long.”
~ ~ ~
Maddy gave Nathan a wide smile when he wandered in her direction. He carried a bidding slip and a paper cup with steam rising from the top.
“Did you find something you like?”
Nathan gestured behind him. “That grand piano is really nice. It would look good in the parlor.”
“By the window?” Maddy asked and Nathan nodded. “I think it would look great. But I didn’t know you played the piano.”
He chuckled. “Not well. This would give me a reason to practice.”
“Grace can play the piano,” Maddy told him, stacking the other cards and placing them aside.
“Really?”
“Yeah. Grandpa Moore used to have a small one in his house. She’d always play songs at Christmas and sing and stuff…”
When her voice trailed off, he raised his brows. “What?”
Maddy smiled at him, inwardly amused. “Grace would probably kill me if she knew I told you this.”
His smile widened. “I’ll keep it a secret.”
“Thank you.”
“Can you play?”
“Grace taught me how to play Chopsticks.”
“It’s a good place to start.” He tapped his card on the table. “I’ll think I’ll take another look at the piano.”
Maddy watched him wander in that direction, smiling at Kara and Grace as they made their way to her table.
“Paris says we’ve already earned twice as much as she thought we would,” Grace said.
Maddy’s heart warmed. “This is so…”
“Kick ass,” Kara finished for her, dropping into a fold up chair that Riley had brought over from the utility closet. “We can buy a ton of books for the media room.”
“We can actually get furniture for the rest of the house,” Grace added.
“We can make the best garden in the whole town,” Maddy said with another smile. She looked to Kara. “Is it going to be okay?”
“What do you mean?”
“Staying here to work on the youth center?”
“I have to anyway, Maddy, to find the star.”
“But nothing has happened yet, has it?”
Kara shook her head. She looked down at her boots. “Not yet.”
“Maybe it won’t,” Maddy said.
“No, it will.” Kara looked up again. “We know it will. But when it does, I know you guys will be there.”
“And Riley,” Maddy added.
“And Riley.”
“And Nathan and Elliot.”
Kara laughed. “And Nathan and Elliot. The six of us.”
“The six of us,” Maddy echoed, looking to Grace.
Grace rolled her eyes. “Yes, technically there are six of us.”
“Grace.”
“Fine, whatever. I know everyone will help.”
Maddy smiled. “And then you’ll have the youth center. And Kara, you’ll have your new book. And me…”
“Yeah,” Grace said. “What will you have?”
“I know what she’ll have,” Kara said, her lips twitching with a smile.
“What?”
“Riley and a whole bunch of little baby Riley’s–”
Maddy kicked Kara’s boot. “Kara.”
“What? It’s true.”
Grace chuckled. She grabbed Kara’s arm and hauled her out of the chair. “Leave Maddy alone. We have to get back to work.”
“All work and no play makes Grace a very dull girl,” Kara sang, following reluctantly.
“It makes me a very productive girl, is what it makes me.”
Maddy watched them argue all the way back to Grace’s table. Her mind traveled to what Kara had said about Riley. No hint of trepidation appeared in her heart. It was a good image, one she wasn’t afraid to believe in again. And with Riley. That was the best part. She missed David but knew if he was aware of what she’d found, he’d be happy for her. Happy she’d found love again and the openness of heart to believe that a real family, a happy family, was possible.
The End

Coming December 2013

Book Two
In
The Wishing Star Series
Kara’s Star

