







A Bride for Connor 
The Berwyn Island Trilogy 
(Book One)



Olivia Teese


Copyright © 2013 by Olivia Teese

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be distributed to other persons or re-sold without permission from the author. Please purchase an additional copy for each recipient if you would like to share this e-book. This is a work of fiction and any similarity to any person dead or living is coincidental.

Cover Image: Sergii Dashkevych (Dreamstime.com)

SMASHWORDS EDITION
Table of Contents
Copyright © 2013 by Olivia Teese
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35

Chapter 1

Monday

Berwyn Island, Caribbean

Connor strolled into The Conch Shell, a worried expression etched on his handsome chiselled face. The cozy seaside café was quiet, a handful of customers scattered about the room. It boasted a simple and cheerful décor, varying shades of orange and chocolate. Sprigs of white bougainvillea in green vases adorned each table. The cool evening breeze and its refreshing salty scent, mingled with the tantalizing aroma of freshly brewed beans, calmed Connor’s spirit slightly. He dropped his tall, six foot four, well-built frame into a chair and ran a hand through his dark, perfectly cut and styled hair. He surveyed his surroundings while adjusting the tie of his dark grey Lanvin suit, chest heaving with irritation and despair. This was the first time he had set foot inside the quaint establishment and it was also the closest place he could escape to, after receiving upsetting news from the family lawyer just minutes ago. Mr. Chargings had informed him that there was no way to escape the mandate of his late grandfather’s wishes. Connor could not imagine what would possess Edward Handsumm to impose such extreme measures regarding the 3H Empire. Kristin noticed when the towering, immaculately groomed man had entered the café and sat at a table by the door. She gasped. He was sculpted like a dreamy god. Her heart hammered at ninety miles per hour. Kristin felt as if a thousand humming birds were trapped in her generous bosom. She instantly forgot about the patrons she was about to serve as her eyes remained fixed on the exceptionally attractive stranger. He emanated confidence and effortless sophistication. Connor caught her intense stare and gaped like a stunned fish. He thought the waitress was the most exquisite creature he had ever seen. She had full breasts that strained provocatively against the blouse of her blue and white uniform and a tiny waist that could be spanned with one of his large hands easily. Her hair was a lustrous curtain of gold. Time stood still. The tray Kristin was holding filled with cups of piping hot coffee, tilted and crashed to the tiled floor. Her nervous hands shook and she planted them on her chest in an attempt to still the tremors. Kristin and Connor were impervious to the spreading pool of brown liquid and mug shards on the ground or the looks of curious amusement. The only audible sounds were the waves crashing onto the beach and their laboured breathing.
“My goodness, you are the sexiest man I have ever seen in my life!” Kristin exclaimed, running towards Connor. She fell to her knees in front of him. Connor leaned forward, their faces a breath away from each other. Kristin let a tentative hand drift to his face which was covered in faint stubble. 
“But why do you look so distressed?” she asked softly, concerned, looking deeply into the most disarming pair of grey eyes.
Connor drank in the vision of perfection that knelt before him. He was dying to taste her peaches and cream skin and strawberry coloured lips that begged to be kissed breathless. Connor felt a tightening in his groin so powerful, he could almost hear the threads of his pants stretch to the point of tearing. He placed a hand over her delicate one, his mind brimming with erotic images of him burying his burgeoning manhood into that nest of nectar that was ensconced between her thighs.
“Sweet, gorgeous woman,” I am distressed because in order to take over the family business, I need a wife. It was stipulated in my grandfather’s will.” 
“Ohhh,” cooed Kristin sympathetically. 
“I can remedy that situation for you,” she remarked. Connor’s face lit up with hope and was helplessly lost in her alluring eyes, which were as bright and green as sunbathed emeralds. They pierced him to the core.
“Tell me how,” he whispered fiercely. His heartbeat thundered in his ears like the hoof beats of a hundred stallions.
“I have to get a husband, it’s the only way for me to stay in this country,” she gushed. “My work permit expires tomorrow and marriage is my only option to avoid being deported.” Connor framed her heart-shaped face with his hands, his thumbs making circles on the blissfully soft skin of her high cheekbones.
“It seems we can save each other.”
Kristin nodded and spoke in a low urgent tone. 
“But it has to be a marriage in name only. I need a husband. But I don’t want one. Say you understand?” Her pleading eyes melted his heart as quick as a glacier on the sun. 
“Yes. Yes I do.” Connor knew in his mind that it would be virtually impossible to be wed to such a gem of a woman and not being able to claim her body and soul.  
“What is your name?” Connor asked the beautiful waitress.
“Kristin Luvleigh,” she replied. Connor pulled her right hand into his and shook it gently. 
“I am Connor Handsumm, your future husband, and we are going to be wed today.” Kristin smiled at him warmly. Her face was beaming with relief but inside she was battling a wave of fear.  I have to keep my secret from this man until after the wedding. I can only pray he does not go digging into my past and find out who I really am.



Chapter 2

Connor sat in the sleek limousine, taking in the sight that was Fontabelle Square. It reeked of decay. Burnt out buildings jutted out of the neighbourhood like angry rotten teeth. Garbage was scattered along the pavements and vagrants were rummaging through the refuse in search of food. It was a heart breaking sight for a man who was in the business of acquiring and developing luxury properties. Connor found it inconceivable that a beauty such as Kristin resided in such a filthy environment. She was a diamond in a landfill, Connor thought to himself. He had just left Mr. Chargings office with the marriage agreement for him and Kristin to sign. Connor had rushed over to the attorney’s office immediately after Kristin agreed to marry him. It was mandatory for all three Handsumm brothers to marry if they wanted to have full control of the particular area of the 3H Empire they wished. Connor watched Kristin as she came down the stairs of her apartment block. It was one of the very few which appeared to be habitable-just barely. As Kristin crossed the street Connor watched her, mesmerized. No woman ever had such a bewitching effect on him. He admitted to himself that it was customary for him to fall in love in the blink of a long-lashed eye. But there was something special about Kristin Luvleigh, he couldn’t quite explain. A gust of wind tossed her golden mane about her face. She was dressed in tight jeans that fit her as snug as a denim candy wrapper and white tee shirt. She carried a valise and a wine coloured handbag. Kristin paused when she reached near the car and flicked a glance at her old home. She was elated to be rescued from her crappy apartment with the threadbare mattress she slept on, the one rickety chair, tiny fridge and microwave. She didn’t own a stove. In the valise were two work uniforms, a pair of strappy heels, her work shoes, a pink summer dress, towels and toiletries. At twenty-four Kristin felt an utter failure. She had fled her hometown, Culpepper, burdened with shame. Travelling island to island she grabbed any job that passed her way including: babysitting, plant nursery assistant and volunteering at several health institutions. Six months ago she arrived in Berwyn and quickly found a job waiting tables at the Conch Shell. But now the tourist season was trickling to a halt and she only had a few days of employment left at the cafe. Kristin was desperately hunting for another job but possessing only a high school education drastically reduced her options. She thought about the thirteen dollars and odd change in her purse and the eviction notice tacked to her apartment door. There seems to be nothing in the world I am good at-no-great at. And my mother has never passed up an opportunity to viciously drill that fact into my head. Connor got out of the car and held the door open for Kristin. The driver Gordon, a burly man in his mid-fifties, tossed her belongings unceremoniously into the trunk. Kristin slid inside the vehicle admiring its plush tan interior. She felt like a princess. Connor joined her seconds later and Gordon started the engine and exited Fontabelle Square. Connor presented Kristin with the agreement and the marriage licences he had secured for them. 
“Pastor Wilson from St. Matthias church has agreed to do the ceremony. We’ll be married in a couple hours.” 
“My goodness that was fast,” Kristin said startled, but happy. 
Their fingers brushed as she took the envelope from him. A bolt of unsettling heat shot up her arm and coursed rapidly through her body. Connor’s breath caught in his throat and was pleasantly surprised to see goose bumps fan out over her skin. Kristin deeply inhaled in an effort to steady her nerves and clear her head. She pulled the papers out and scanned them briefly. Connor plucked a gold-plated pen from his jacket pocket and offered it to her. He watched her with eagle eyes in apprehension as she rested the documents on the top of her thighs, scrawled her signature, returned them to the envelope and handed them back to him. Connor was immensely relieved. He was hoping she would not scrutinize them to ensure they corresponded with the verbal agreement they made earlier; they would separate discreetly after one week, she would be paid half a million dollars they would divorce one year after she became a citizen.
“Thank you, thank you for being my hero,” she said in earnest, resting a hand on one of his muscled thighs. Connor flinched at her touch, lust blazed powerfully through his loins. She leaned into him to plant a kiss on his cheek. He caught her lips hungrily with his, letting his tongue delve into the soft warmth of her mouth, his hands settled at her waist. Kristin froze momentarily then the hesitance dissolved, her hands travelling up Connor’s broad firm chest as she responded to his kiss with unexpected passion. They moaned in unison. Suddenly Connor felt something hard against the back of his head. Kristin had flung him away from her and he fell backwards against the car door.
“I can’t, I can’t,” Kristin muttered, rubbing her hands together and staring out the car window.
“No man has ever-I’ve never-I can’t.” Connor’s mouth fell open as he realized what she was attempting to say and a look of astonishment registered on his face. 
“My God!” Connor uttered.
“I want to remain this way Connor. I want to wait for love. So you understand we could never make love. Ever.” Connor sat up straight.
“But Kristin-”
“No. We stick to the plan. A marriage in name only.” She insisted emphatically.
“But Kristin, here in Berwyn Island, marriages have to be consummated to be official,” Connor informed her. Kristin’s face fell with disappointment. 
“Do you know how I got stuck here in the first place?” She turned to face Connor “I followed a man who I thought loved me here to Berwyn, only to find him in the mouth of another woman.” Kristin blurted out angrily. “Satan curse the day I met Johnny Gates.” Connor’s eyes went as wide as dinner plates.
“Johnny Gates?” he repeated. “Christ almighty-that’s my brother!” Connor exclaimed. On his way to the lawyer’s office he had made two phone calls. The first one was to his brother Daniel who was in Golden Cay and the second was placed to Johnny in Barbados. He had phoned them to share the news and invite them to the wedding. Connor wisely refrained from sharing with her, that Johnny was going to be present when they exchanged nuptials.





Chapter 3

Kristin stood at the chapel entrance wearing a strapless, ankle length ivory gown. It was cinched at the waist with a braided silver belt and her hair was swept into an elegant chignon. At her arm was Connor’s driver Gordon in his chauffeur uniform and cap. He would be giving Kristin away. Connor stood at the altar with Pastor Wilson, staring at his breath-taking wife-to-be. Her beauty however was somewhat shadowed by her tightly set mouth and clenched jaw. His mind jerked back to the bridal boutique, Beautiful Belle, where they stopped at just over an hour before. Kristin had ranted about his brother until his head felt as if cathedral bells were bouncing around inside it. She practically threw a tantrum with the sales staff, snapping at them and tossing about dresses that she didn’t care for. The dressing room was a launch pad for lace and satin missiles. After she had vented Kristin apologized profusely for her behaviour and Connor had tipped the sales clerks very generously for the abuse they sustained. He was in disbelief as to how small the world really was. Johnny had been adopted into the Handsumm family when he was eight years old. Connor and his brother Daniel had welcomed Johnny from the first day their grandfather had brought him home twenty years ago. Connor and Daniel were twelve and ten respectively back then. Johnny had changed his surname just a few months before Edward’s passing. He had held on to the Gates title for sentimental reasons, which ultimately had caused him great sorrow. The organist struck up the customary wedding tune and Kristin stomped down the aisle. She came towards them as a soldier would in a march past. Gordon was practically running to keep up with her and he stumbled several times. Pastor Wilson’s eyebrows drew together in an arch of curiosity and his lips curled upwards slightly. Connor fidgeted with the tie of his Isaia tuxedo and cleared his throat. When the couple reached to where he and the pastor were standing, Kristin slanted Connor a glare that could shatter diamonds. The ceremony proceeded with grunted responses from the bride and sedate answers from the groom. Gordon kept his eyes averted to the chapel roof as though he was seeking an escape route. When the sealing statement was made by the pastor, Connor gave Kristin a swift peck on the lips and tugged gently on her arm to lead her out of the chapel. Just as they neared the exit, a woman dressed in a turquoise halter neck dress was hurrying in their direction followed closely by a man decked out in a tuxedo.
“Amanda!” Kristin squealed in excitement. “Connor this is my friend Amanda,” Kristin informed her husband. She and Amanda exchanged a long, hard hug. 
“I’m so sorry I missed it but a couple hours’ notice is crazy.” Amanda said as Kristin released her. “But congrats hun, I’m so happy for you. Kristin swung around suddenly when she heard a familiar voice greeting Connor. It was Johnny. Johnny was almost as tall as his brother Connor but the similarities ended there in terms of resemblance. A loud crack pierced the air as Kristin’s hand made contact with the face of her husband’s brother. 
“You son of a bitch! Goddamn you Johnny for screwing with my life!” Kristin exploded. Connor breathed a long sigh of relief that she used the word screw and not the alternative. He dragged his new wife away from his Johnny as she wound up her arm to deliver another blow. Gordon hustled to the limousine.
“Jesus Christ Kristin! We are still in the Lord’s house!” Johnny ground out. “I can explain everything if you just give me a chance.” Connor groaned in embarrassment and mentally struggled with the fact that his brother had been with his wife.
“Is this the Johnny that dumped you for that whore from the launch party?” Amanda asked Kristin who nodded tersely. Kristin’s eyes were boring into her brother-in-law’s with fire. Another sharp crack echoed in the church as Amanda backhanded Johnny, who stared at her in shock as he rubbed his burning jaw. Pastor Wilson rushed towards the commotion, his dark robes bustling about him.
“My children, please, this is a church,” he reminded them in an urgent, pleading voice. Johnny backed away from the livid women. Amanda pulled Kristin aside.
“You didn’t tell me he was so hot,” she whispered. Amanda shamelessly admired Johnny’s muscular physique and black wavy hair that brushed his shoulders. His cobalt blue eyes and sexy mouth gave Amanda shivers. The man exuded masculinity and virility. She winked at him. 
Kristin nudged Amanda in the ribs, who was twirling her red long curls as she continued to ogle Johnny. 
“You are awful,” she chided. They both snickered softly. Johnny scowled at Amanda but there was a glint of mischief in his expression. He returned Amanda’s wink. Johnny thought Amanda was positively hot, with her ivory skin, smoking curves and fiery waist length hair. He made a point to avoid hot-headed women but this one threatened to bring him to his knees. Connor was ashamed at the trio’s outrageous behaviour but knew he was no better than the people who stood before him. He offered deep apologies to the pastor and then ushered the two women out of the chapel and towards the limousine. Johnny followed them at a fair distance. Connor kept listening for a fork of lightening to strike him for the web of deceit he was spinning where Kristin and their marriage was concerned. When she found out what he had done to her he could almost feel her hitting him like she did Johnny. But Kristin probably wouldn’t be using her hand and he held no false hopes that his head would still remain on his shoulders with the force he knew she would surely might use without mercy.
Chapter 4

It was sunset when Gordon pulled the limousine skilfully under a porte cochere of Mahogany Ridge Mansion. The Handsumm home was a splendid Jacobean structure, boasting Dutch gables, coral stone finials and a Georgian styled portico. Kristin gaped in awe at its beauty and the spectacular gardens that surrounded it. Gordon hastily exited the vehicle. He yanked the doors open for his passengers, retrieved Kristin’s bags and disappeared into the house. The ride home had been quiet but emotionally charged. Connor was the first to break the heavy, smothering silence.
“Kristin, could you and Amanda sit by the gazebo please, I need to speak with Johnny.” Johnny followed his brother who was heading through the expansive gardens of the estate. He was dreading the imminent awkward conversation. Connor halted by a koi pond and straightened his tie.
“Alright little brother, what’s the story?” he began.
Johnny jumped right in telling Connor how he and Kristin met at North Mercy Clinic in Bequia, where he was receiving physical therapy for a minor leg injury he sustained in a motorcycle accident. Johnny paused momentarily when Connor’s eyes narrowed at him. Johnny had told no one about the accident, not wanting to suffer through more lectures on the dangers of riding a Ducati at suicidal speeds. He plunged ahead before Connor could interrupt him. Kristin was volunteering at North Mercy and they started dating after he completed his treatment. Johnny was quick to make the point that they were never intimate. A weight shifted from Johnny’s shoulders and he sighed inwardly in relief. Connor was insanely pleased that Johnny had not had sex with his wife. He observed Johnny’s discomfort with undisguised pleasure.
“She always said she was waiting for love and deep down inside we knew we didn’t have that.” Johnny said. “But we did have good times…..” his voice trailed off. 
“So what happened next?” Connor pressed on. 
“As you know I had to come here to Berwyn for the launch party for my race track project. I came without Kristin.” Johnny blew out a hard breath before continuing. “I had left her a breakup note but she never got it and flew out to see me. Kristin saw me kissing one of the models.” Johnny shrugged and shook his head solemnly. “I didn’t mean to hurt her Connor but you know how I am with relationships. I couldn’t do it to her face. No woman has ever treated me so kindly without an ulterior motive and you know how complicated life is when you’re a Handsumm billionaire.” Connor remained silent for several seconds before replying, digesting what Johnny had said .
“You’re a fool little brother and a raging whore but I at least respect your decision for doing the right thing in letting her go, even if it was a chicken move.” 
Johnny laughed lightly. Connor stepped closer to him and smashed his fist into his younger brother’s face. Johnny crumpled to the well-manicured lawn.
“What the hell was that for?” Johnny barked.
“Defending my wife’s honour,” Connor replied rubbing his knuckles. He was mystified as to why he snapped like a dried twig under a giant’s foot. 
“She still has it you ass!” Johnny yelled. Connor hunkered down next to his brother and hauled him to his feet. Johnny brushed off his dishevelled suit and smoothed it with his hands.
“I know but I can’t explain it Johnny. I just felt the irresistible urge to punch you.” Connor couldn’t understand how his emotions had spiralled so out of control so suddenly. It was uncharacteristic for him to lose his composure so easily. Johnny frowned at Connor then his mouth fell open.
“Connor, are you in love with Kristin?” he ventured. Connor looked his brother dead in the eyes.
“You know how you are when it comes to matters of the heart. You fall so eas-”
Connor silenced Johnny with a wave of his hand.
“She’s the love of my life Johnny,” Connor confirmed in a serious voice.
“Okay then,” Johnny said. “I must say this time seems different somehow,” he added. The two men grinned at each other chuckling then proceeded to make their way back. Guilt weighed on Connor’s conscience, he felt like a hypocrite for chastising Johnny for what he had done to Kristin, when the very foundation of their marriage was built on betrayal.
Chapter 5 

Kristin and Amanda were engrossed in animated chatter when Connor and Johnny returned. 
“It’s time we went inside,” Connor announced. 
“I would like to talk to Amanda,” Johnny said. Amanda snorted at his request. “Don’t you think you should be talking to Kristin?” she asked.
“I will but I want to have a word with you first,” Johnny replied. Amanda folded her arms across her chest and tapped her heeled foot on the floor of the gazebo in annoyance. Kristin cleared her throat and walked over to her husband, observing Johnny and Amanda with muted interest.
“I’ll give you two a few minutes,” Connor said taking his wife’s hand. I’ll give Kristin a short tour of the gardens in the meantime then we’ll head inside. Harold is probably catching a fit by now.” Connor had phoned his butler to give him the news that he had found a woman to marry and to prepare a meal for four unexpected guests. During their conversation Connor also learned that they had a visitor at Mahogany Ridge . Margaret Handsumm was as welcome to their home as a swarm of cockroaches bearing the swine flu virus. She was conniving and greedy and Connor dreaded facing her. He could handle Margaret but knew the evil woman would relish targeting his new wife Kristin. He predicted the evening will quickly transform from a celebration to a possible altercation, especially with Johnny discovering she was at the house. He needed to have a very important conversation with his bride.
Chapter 6

Connor and Kristin stood beside a grand four tier fountain in the gardens. Connor wedged his hands in his pockets, Kristin watched him with curious eyes. 
“There is a very undesirable guest in our home- aunt Margaret. She is here to bilk us.” Kristin sat on a nearby bench, arranging the folds of her gown so it wouldn’t brush the dewy grass and offered Connor her full attention.  Her husband proceeded to fill her in on Margaret, her mission to make them miserable and a slice of family history. Their grandfather Edward Handsumm had cut her out of his will for reasons he never disclosed. The first time they ever met her was the day after Edward had died, ten days ago. Margaret had left Berwyn when Connor was just two and Daniel was a baby. Susan Handsumm had died giving birth to her last child, Daniel. Harold, the butler, was hired shortly after along with a babysitter. They had never even heard their aunt’s voice on a telephone call, so of course they were completely surprised when she had shown up at the house bearing an armload of anthuriums, eyes filled with tears, offering them condolences. The day after the funeral Margaret had lamented that her money was gone, the companies she had invested in had folded in the recession. Connor had promised that he would have funds transferred to her bank account by the time she reached back home in Aruba.
“That was a couple days ago,” Connor said. “She called two days after I wired the money, livid, telling me the amount I sent was an insult.” 
“How much did you give her,” Kristin asked.
“Two million,” Connor said. Kristin was astounded.
“My goodness and she wants more?” Kristin asked incredulously. Connor murmured yes.
“Now she’s back insisting that she deserves more but she is not getting another penny. I bet grandfather is clawing at the roof of his casket at the fact that I obliged her in the first place.” Kristin stood up and placed a hand on Connor’s chest, gazing at her husband, his eyes slightly clouded in sadness.
“I’m sure he would understand if he were here,” she said softly. Connor felt a warm surge of emotions crash through his body. He let his hands remain in his pockets for fear that he would be swept away in the moment and kiss his wife until she stopped breathing.
“I love you Kristin Handsumm,” he declared. “You have my heart and soul trapped in the palms of your hands.”
Kristin tiptoed and placed a brief kiss on his cheek.
“I do not wish your heart sweet one. I want to go my own way in seven days as you promised. This love talk is crazy and irrational. Love-is crazy and irrational ”
Connor’s heart instantly deflated at her statement. How can I make this woman fall for me, why won’t she let me love her?
“Let’s get the others and have dinner,” Connor said stepping away from Kristin and leading the way. Kristin felt awful for hurting Connor’s feelings but she did not want any misunderstandings about what they really were. Man and wife in name only for one week, no complications and there was nothing her husband could do to change things. She fell into step beside Connor and they made their way back in silence.













Chapter 7

“You always jump into your friends’ battles without question?” Johnny began. Amanda marched over to Johnny and wagged a finger menacingly in his face. 
“You don’t think what you did to Kristin was just cause for what you got!” she bit out. 
“You judged me without knowing the whole story,” Johnny shouted back.
“I know enough,” Amanda threw at him. But she saw something in his eyes she couldn’t explain and for a fleeting moment she wondered if his words bore some truth. 
“I can’t stand women like you,” Johnny drawled in annoyance. Amanda planted her hands on Johnny’s chest with the intention of roughly shoving him. He caught her arms, pinning them at her sides as he pushed her against a column of the gazebo. 
“On the other hand,” Johnny murmured, bringing his face within millimetres of hers and staring into her sky blue eyes. 
“Women like you make me hot.” Johnny pressed his lips against hers, firmly prying them apart, seeking entry. Her flowery scent and luscious lips intoxicated him. Amanda struggled for a few moments then her tongue danced with Johnny’s. He freed her and she slipped her hands inside his jacket and around his waist, drawing him closer. Amanda felt herself drowning in Johnny’s addictive kiss, losing control. She suddenly pushed Johnny away and slapped him soundly. Johnny stared at her, bewildered.
“Why can’t you just admit you want me as much as I want you,” he asked in irritation, massaging his jaw.
“I have to pretend I don’t want you to ravish me. I have to tease you, blow hot and cold until one day we make love that blows each of our minds,” Amanda explained. Johnny’s face contorted with disbelief. Amanda rushed around him and ran down the steps. She stopped short when she saw Kristin and Connor approaching. Amanda wondered if they saw her and Johnny kissing but did not dare ask. Johnny muttered a string of expletives under his breath. Had his father been a pirate he would have been proud.
“It’s time to go,” Connor said. The four of them entered Mahogany Ridge mansion.
Chapter 8

The butler was posted at the door as they made their way into the spacious foyer. Harold was a tall distinguished looking man, smartly attired in black pants and a crisp white long-sleeved shirt with a black bow tie. He had greying hair at his temples and wore an expression of utter displeasure. Next to him was a woman who resembled a premenstrual shrew, outfitted in a long grey dress with cap sleeves. Margaret Handsumm’s silver streaked hair was scraped back into a severe bun and she regarded her nephew with frank disdain. 
“I am glad you arrived when you did sir, I was about to chop all four heads off this wretched dragon.” Connor glanced at his brother who had murder simmering in his eyes, then met his aunt’s icy stare. He knew Johnny would be very upset that he did not give him a heads up about Margaret. Connor did not regret his decision especially considering the catastrophe involving her and Johnny at grandfather’s funeral ten days ago. He still shuddered a little inside when the memory presented itself.
“My apologies for not giving you a proper greeting.-I welcome you to Mahogany Ridge mansion,” Harold cordially addressed his guests. Amanda and Kristin just nodded, totally absorbed in the scene that was unfolding.
“Connor dear, I thought by now you would know that the trash is kept outside the house. Margaret piped in a derisive tone, her eyes trailing to Kristin. Amanda lunged at Margaret. Johnny reacted quickly pulling her back to him in a bear hug as Margaret took two hasty steps backward. 
“Do not speak to my wife that way Margaret Handsumm,” Connor warned, drawing himself up to full height. Kristin’s eyes shimmered with tears.
“I want you out of this house first thing in the morning. And no-not another penny!” he stormed. Connor rested a palm at the small of his wife’s back and ushered her into the dining room. “Let’s have some dinner.” The others followed him leaving a chagrined Margaret with her bosom heaving in fury as she went up the stairs with her nose three miles to the sky. Harold seated them at the grand dinner table and promptly filled their glasses with chilled water. Cream of tomato soup and caviar brioche, followed by glazed ham and herbed potatoes with spicy asparagus were eaten quietly. Kristin stole a few concerned glances at her husband. His body was rigid with tension. She desperately wanted to talk with him, ease his pain but knew it would have to wait until later. An unfamiliar feeling crept into her heart, it was so powerful, it made her catch her breath. Kristin dismissed the emotion as just worry for Connor. Harold cleared the dishes to make way for dessert.
“Great man,” Johnny said in a sombre voice, looking up at a portrait on the wall of the dining room. 
“That he was.” Connor agreed in reflection, pausing with fork in hand, also focusing on the picture of their late grandfather, Edward Handsumm. The two brothers resumed eating.
 “So Amanda what do you do?” Johnny asked. The absence of conversation was too weird for him. Amanda lazily took a sip of water before speaking.
“If you must know I work as a maid at Coconut Bay Hotel.” Johnny stared at her intensely.
“I hope that’s not a look of pity Johnny Handsumm. I may not have been privileged like you to have hundred dollar bills as pacifiers but I have lived! Amanda said hotly. Johnny’s eyes widened at her outburst and sly grin crept onto his face. The butler appeared to serve dessert and top up their glasses with wine and water.
“Where did that come from, did my kiss make your panties catch fire?”
Chapter 9

Connor and Kristin’s heads snapped around at Johnny’s question.
“He kissed you?” Kristin squealed in shock. Connor glared at Johnny who ignored him.
“Amanda sweetie, you have not lived until you have experienced a Handsumm orgasm.” Kristin nearly choked on her wine. She coughed violently. Harold patted her gently on the back. He remained composed and went about his tasks as if he had not heard a word of the fiery exchange.
“For Christ sake Johnny what is wrong with you?”  
Connor demanded. Amanda jumped up from her chair abruptly, knocking it over backwards. Johnny smiled tauntingly at her and raised his glass of wine.
“If you slap me again I might slip my tongue somewhere else this time,” Johnny threatened. The woman unravelled him like no other ever had-she made him crazy.
Kristin grabbed Amanda’s arm. “Please, please sit back down,” she begged. Amanda was seething with anger. She yanked the chair back on its feet and slowly lowered herself onto it, her eyes never leaving Johnny’s. They tucked into the delectable white chocolate crème Brule´.
“I take it Daniel couldn’t get a flight out from Golden Cay with the short notice you gave him,” Johnny said to Connor.
“He is organizing the annual rum festival,” Connor replied in a clipped voice. 
“I would love to stay and spend some time with you and your new bride but I postponed several meetings to come here so I need to get back as soon as possible.” 
“I understand and thanks for making a special effort, I really appreciate it.”
“No problem big brother,” Johnny said.
“I also need to get going I have to work the early shift tomorrow,” said Amanda. 
“Harold, could you please call Vincent and tell him to get the helicopter ready. Johnny is returning to Barbados. Also get Gordon to bring a car around to take home Amanda.” 
“Certainly sir,” the butler responded and returned to the kitchen.
Kristin’s asked Connor in amazement. “You have a helicopter ?”
“We have four,” Connor informed her. “There is one for each Handsumm brother.”
“And the fourth one?”
“Oh, that one is for when we get bored of travelling in the others,” Connor elucidated.
“Oh,” Kristin said. She decided not to be dazzled by the luxuries of a billionaire lifestyle, after all her time as a Handsumm was going to be extremely brief. She turned to her friend.  
“I would say visit me soon but after one week, I will be out of Mahogany Ridge.” Amanda squeezed Kristin’s hand noting a faint look of unhappiness in her eyes and wondered what was going on. She stole a glance at Johnny Handsumm and chided herself for letting him get under her skin. He was infuriating yet made her want him beyond comprehension.
“We’ll see each other soon enough,” she promised. The two lapsed into conversation about planning a girls’ day out while Connor and Johnny discussed business. Harold announced a few minutes later that the transportation for Amanda and Johnny was ready. Everyone got up and filed out of the dining room.
Kristin walked with Amanda to the limousine while Connor and Johnny stood in the doorway.
“Kristin is a great girl but I don’t want you setting yourself up for disappointment, you can’t make her love you back,” advised Johnny.
“She will,” Connor stated confidently. “She will.”
“You might have a chance after she gets a dose of a Handsumm org-” Johnny broke off his teasing when he noted the reprimanding look on his brother’s face. He smirked and clapped Connor lightly on the back. 
“I can’t wait for when it’s your turn to find a wife,” Connor said to Johnny.
“I’ll call and let you know when I’m flying back in,” Johnny replied, discounting his brother’s comment. He dashed down the front steps, heading towards the north of the mansion where the helipad was located. Connor smiled at his brother’s hasty departure. Daniel and Johnny had at first relished the fact that he had to get hitched first as he was the one to be in charge of the empire. Now it was their turn.
“Have a good trip Johnny,” Connor called after him. Kristin joined her husband by the doorway, waving goodbye to Amanda.
“I need to check my cell phone for messages,” Kristin told Connor.
“Harold put your things upstairs, second room on your left. I’ll join you in a few minutes.” Connor said. 
Kristin went inside the house. Connor waited several moments then followed, heading for the study which was two doors down from the master bedroom. He pulled the envelope from his pants pocket which contained the marriage contract and tucked it under his day planner then left to join his wife. A few minutes after he closed the door Margaret sneaked down the corridor and into the study.
Chapter 10

Kristin sat on the mammoth-sized four poster bed in Connor’s bedroom, still donned in her wedding dress. She stared in horror at a text message displayed on the screen of her cell phone. 

From>Julia Luvleigh
‘coming to see you. I want my money’

Kristin’s blood pressure started to escalate. She was glad she had tied the knot quickly. But she didn’t think that Connor would causally look the other way when he found out who her mother was just because they were married. It would be a public nightmare for the Handsumm family. Kristin breathed deeply and tried to block painful images of the past that started to crowd her mind. She heard the door open and nearly fell off the bed, startled. Kristin slipped the phone into her handbag which was on the nightstand. A small relief was that her mother only had Fontabelle Square as her last address. She would have some time to gather her thoughts and hatch a plan. Connor came in and began to undress, he seemed preoccupied. Kristin admired his magnificently toned body and tiny beads of sweat dotted her forehead as a torturous longing invaded her body. Connor was oblivious to the fact that he had an audience. When he stripped down to his underwear Kristin panted loudly and shot up from the bed, nearly tripping over the hem of her gown.
“Oh my, that is a quite a large, bulge you have there husband. When that special time comes I don’t know if that will fit inside me.” 
Her statement shook Connor out of his reverie, who initially gave her a blank look then laughed softly at her flustered state.
“Kristin you have nothing to worry about. When we make love, my size will be the last thing on your mind.” Kristin did not appear convinced. Connor went over to where she was standing and pressed his lips against each of her earlobes and massaged her back with his large hands. Kristin remained still as she fought to breathe evenly.
 “When I take you dear wife, there will only be one word on your tongue-more,” Connor assured her. But Kristin could not imagine begging for more of his impressive endowment but the thought of making love with Connor still sent delicious tingles up her spine. 
“I’m going to take a shower. I’ve been in these clothes too long,” Connor remarked, when she did not respond to his affections. He stepped away from her. Kristin glanced down at her clothes.
“Me too but I have to make a call first,” Kristin said, fishing her cell phone from her bag. Connor noticed her hands shaking slightly as she retrieved her phone. She is probably thinking I want to have sex tonight. He didn’t mind if that particular event occurred but he was hoping it would be with a willing wife. Connor dropped his underwear, stepping out of them without a shred of shyness. Kristin blushed several shades of pink and red. His lack of modesty had a crippling effect on her.
“I-I-I will be back in a f-few minutes,” she stammered and ran from the room as if she was being chased by hell hounds with machetes. She hurried down the corridor to find an area where she could speak in private. Kristin went onto the terrace and dialled her mother’s number. She did not see Margaret ease by. Margaret quietly entered the study and immediately began to rifle through files on Connor’s desk. She wasn’t certain what she was looking for but she was hoping to discover something that would deliver leverage on her selfish, greedy nephews. Margaret did not see Harold who was in the sitting room adjacent to the study, polishing a side table. When Harold saw Margaret slink by, he quickly chucked away his feather duster and hid carefully behind the door that was ajar. Immediately after informing Connor that his guests’ transportation was ready, Harold had slipped into the sitting room to roar in laughter at the entertaining dinner conversation. He heard the soft whir of the copy machine and shortly after, Margaret exited the study. He waited several seconds then headed towards her room. Harold heard a voice, hushed and urgent, coming from nearby. He spotted Kristin on the terrace who appeared very agitated and was pacing up and down like a peacock on steroids. Her conversation could not be easily heard but one sentence drifted clearly through the open doors.
“I am married to a billionaire now so getting you a quarter of a million dollars is a cakewalk!”
Harold was appalled. He had predicted growing fond of Kristin, she appeared sweet though a little naive- a stark contrast to Connor’s previous girlfriends. The Handsumm brothers were like sons to him and now Edward was gone, he was even more protective of them. It seemed that Kristin was a gold digger just like the others that preceded her. The thought ‘gold digger’ reminded Harold of where he was going before he overheard Kristin’s treacherous words. He continued to Margaret’s bedroom. The door was unexpectedly open and a blue and black striped suitcase was on the bed but she was nowhere to be seen. Harold sneaked inside and heard movement in the bathroom. He quickly scanned his surroundings and spotted a sheaf of papers sticking out of Margaret’s hand bag in a green wing chair. When he unfolded them he received another crushing shock. Harold was dumbfounded, disappointed. The list of devious minds at Mahogany Ridge had now grown longer. A list he never would have imagined, Connor’s name would be on. 

Chapter 11

Tuesday

“More, oh God Connor!” Kristin moaned loudly. She felt an orgasmic tide rip through her and she arched her hips off the bed. 
“Kristin!” Connor shouted his wife’s name. Kristin’s eyes fluttered open, a sheen of perspiration covered her body. She looked around and realized that she was still tucked under the covers in a tee shirt and panties. It was only an erotic dream! It was Connor shaking her and not an earthquake of pleasure. Kristin gasped in embarrassment. Connor grinned wickedly at his wife. Her load moans had jolted him from his sleep. 
“You’re having a grand time without me,” he teased. Kristin sent him a scathing look and scrambled from the bed. When she had returned to the bedroom last night after making her calls, Connor was worried about the anxious mood she was in. He was very curious as to what could have made her so unsettled. He decided he would tackle the matter later that morning. Connor got out of bed, he was only clad in underwear and the sight of his half naked flesh made Kristin feel dizzy with lust. There was a firm knock on the door. Connor handed Kristin a fluffy cream coloured robe and donned a black one himself. She hastily pulled it on, tying it tightly.
“Come in,” Connor commanded. It was Harold.
“Good morning,” the butler greeted them. His voice had a heavy undertone. 
“Hi Harold,” Kristin replied smiling. Connor walked over to him. 
“Good morning,” he said. “Can you call Jane and tell her I won’t be in the office until later this afternoon and also get Max to arrange breakfast for us at Susan’s?”
“Of course,” Harold answered, quite taken aback. Connor had never to his knowledge, taken a woman to dine at Susan’s except Diane. Harold knew in that moment how deeply Connor must actually feel for his wife. He sincerely hoped that things worked out in Connor’s favour this time, though from what he witnessed last night, he seriously doubted they would. Connor’s relationship with Diane Selman was a catastrophe. Harold thought Diane one of the coldest, calculating and conniving people he had ever known in his life. He would never forget the day Connor found ‘The List’ that Diane had created. It had devastated him. 
“May I speak with you in private for a few minutes,” Harold asked, lowering his voice. Connor observed Harold’s unusually stiff demeanour and his request sent off alarm bells. Something was very wrong. But Connor had special plans for him and his wife and wanted nothing to mar the day. 
“As soon as we return Harold,” Connor told him. Harold nodded in disappointment.
“Is Margaret still here? Connor asked.
“No, the geriatric heifer left about an hour ago.”
Kristin snickered at the butler’s comment. She really wanted to squeal in laughter but restrained herself. 
“Oh by the way sir, a Mr. Clerk called from the immigration office. He wanted to inform you that he would be paying you and Kristin a visit this afternoon at one ‘o’ clock. Also a Ms. Nosee from the It People magazine wants to do a lunch interview with you and your wife.” Connor sighed heavily in displeasure. He had intended to spend several hours during the morning period romancing Kristin. 
“Tell Ms. Nosee we’ll do the interview tomorrow here at the house,” Connor instructed. 
“Very well,” Harold said, turning to leave then pausing. He faced Connor and Kristin with slight discomfort showing on his face.
“Uhm, Mr. Clerk also indicated that you have until six tomorrow evening, to have sex and finalize your union if you haven’t already-his words.” Harold turned abruptly and left the room, closing the door behind him. Kristin stared at Connor.
“After all the hours we’ve been together, you can’t talk to me first before making such decisions- interviews are a big deal Connor”.
“I’m so sorry sweetheart,” Connor said, feeling terrible for excluding her. 
“And I am really, really sorry for my aunt’s behaviour last night.” Kristin told him it was fine.
“So pretty soon I won’t be a virgin anymore,” Kristin said sadly. She sounded as if someone had just informed her that her best friend had died.
“Will making love with me be so devastating?” Connor asked. 
“Yesterday at the cafe you made me feel like I was the only man in the world.” Kristin flung herself at Connor, grabbing his face with her small hands and gazing up into his eyes. Connor wrapped his arms around her, instantly aroused. “I’ve never wanted a man so badly,” she admitted, then wriggled out of his embrace.
“You’re giving me a lot of mixed signals Kristin,” Connor stated. 
Kristin started to twist her hands and pace the large bedroom.
“I want you Connor, I don’t want to-I mean sometimes I’m not sure but I’m certain that’s what it is,” Kristin rambled. She stopped pacing, looked at Connor then dashed into the bathroom, mumbling that she was going to take a shower and get ready. God I love that woman Connor thought. He heard his cell phone vibrate. He headed to the antique oak writing desk in the corner of the bedroom and picked it up. He had a text message.

“I’m pregnant! we need to talk. I’ll be in town tomorrow, will visit you in office.” 

Connor was astounded at not just the message but who sent it. A bitterness rose in his throat, threaded with anger and anxiety. Diane Selman was the last person on earth he wanted to set eyes on.
Chapter 12

Connor and Kristin left Mahogany Ridge in a navy blue Audi with Gordon at the wheel. It was one of several luxurious cars owned by the Handsumms. Connor refused to give his wife any details about where they were headed. Kristin was worried she may be over or under attired in her pink sundress. In ten minutes they arrived at an airstrip north of the island. A jet was on the runway, its engines whirring. There was a huge hangar to the west that housed two small aeroplanes. Gordon stopped the car and got out to help his passengers. Connor led Kristin to the waiting plane. He introduced her to the pilot Mr. Flyman and ushered her to a seat. Mr. Flyman closed the cabin door and went to the cockpit. Kristin marvelled at the beautifully appointed interior. The decor was as grand Mahogany Ridge’s. There were avocado and off-white wing chairs and an oversized sofa. Fresh flowers were carefully arranged in a crystal vase in the centre of an elegant, coffee table. Champagne was chilling in a large ice bucket. Connor popped open a bottle of bubbly and filled two champagne flutes. He handed one to Kristin while raising his glass.
“To our one day anniversary Mrs. Handsumm,” he toasted. Kristin broke into a sunny smile as they glasses clinked. As they took off Kristin asked Connor to tell her something about Berwyn. Since she had been to the island the most she ever got to do was work. She never got the opportunity to explore and indulge in the island’s culture. He started by telling her how the island got its name from a French war boat that had sunk off the east coast of the island in 1919. The population was not large but was a rich mix of several ethnicities. He promised to take Kristin on an island tour whenever she wished. Twenty minutes later they landed on another island called Baliceaux and a limousine whisked them away and they arrived at a marina shortly after. They got out and Connor led his wife towards a gigantic yacht. Captain Seaman appeared and helped Kristin and Connor aboard the grand vessel.  
“Oh you sly devil Connor,” Kristin exclaimed. “So this is Susan-she’s beautiful.” Connor laughed at her animated expression. He was pleased at her reaction. 
“I’m glad you approve. You know how the magic can fade quickly from a relationship after you’ve been together for several hours like we’ve been.”
Kristin walked around the deck admiring the boat and her husband, who looked simply divine in Hugo Boss jeans and a snug fitting black tee shirt. Connor showed her to a table laden with a delicious spread for breakfast. A bouquet of white orchids adorned the centre of the table. There were platters of pastries, sliced fruit, berries, fruit juice, caviar, bacon, croissants and white wine.
“You did all this for me,” Kristin whispered, visibly impressed. 
“I did it for us,” Connor corrected. Captain Seaman manoeuvred the yacht from the marina and out to the turquoise sea.  Connor went over to the table and pulled out a chair for his wife. Kristin took the offered seat and placed a cloth napkin in her lap. Connor joined her, opening the bottle of wine and filling their glasses. They toasted for the second time that morning. Kristin could not recall when last she was courted in such a fashion-if ever. She put strawberries and caviar onto her plate. The sea breeze was cool and very relaxing and the waves’ movements were musical.
“So dear wife, tell me something about you,” Connor said buttering toast.
“Well,” Kristin started, swallowing a mouthful of berries.
“I’m from Culpepper.”
“Amanda too?”
“No, she is from Turtle Bay. We actually met at the airport here in Berwyn, we came in on the same flight on our first visit here.”
“Oh,” said Connor sipping his fruit juice. “What about your parents?”
“Father dearest has been living in Paris since I was born, I’ve never met him. My mother and two sisters live back in Culpepper. My mother sells property and my sisters work for her.”
“Oh that’s great. We would have something in common to talk about when we meet,” suggested Connor, who excelled in the field of luxury property development and sales.
“God no!” Kristin almost shouted, her eyes filled with panic.
Connor was totally confused and surprised at her outburst but did not comment. Her nervous disposition worried him. Connor reflected on the previous day and concluded everyone seemed to be acting crazy. His mind zoomed back to the dinner time debacle. Usually Connor was able to keep Johnny in line to a certain extent-the man could try the patience of God with very little effort. Amanda was a fireball and she seemed to drive Johnny absolutely nuts and he returned the favour in kind. He punched his own brother and Kristin was growing more anxious and jumpy with each passing hour. The only two people who were still acting normally were Gordon, who always ran away from drama and Harold, the rock of the family.
“Why did you leave Culpepper?” Connor asked Kristin.
“A change was desperately needed,” Kristin replied with a slight frown. Connor did not pry into the matter any further. 
“So what do you do for fun Mrs. Handsumm,” Connor attempted to lighten the mood.
“Actually I like taking photographs-well I used to. My camera was stolen when my apartment was broken into a few months ago.”
“Oh that’s unfortunate.” Connor finished his juice and sat back in his chair. He ate very little as his appetite seemed to dislike him that day. Diane crept into his mind no matter how hard he tried to squash thoughts of her and the news of her pregnancy out of his mind. 
“Your turn husband,” Kristin announced.
“Well our father died in a plane crash. Edward adopted Johnny when I was twelve-Daniel was ten then. Johnny’s father had died in a fire at a factory that belonged to grandfather so I guess he felt a sense of duty to him. Johnny’s mother had disappeared from the hospital after she gave birth to him so his father had been raising him alone.”
“Oh no, that’s terrible,” Kristin whispered. “How come he’s a Gates and not a Handsumm?” Kristin asked.
“Actually, Johnny became a Handsumm recently, just before grandfather died. Johnny had kept his name this long because it was all he had left of his family. He has been trying to find his mother for a long time despite her abandoning him. He finally did a few months ago but she made it clear that she didn’t want to be a mother then and certainly does not want to be one now.” Tears filled Kristin’s eyes. She cleared her throat and sipped her wine.
“I overheard you telling Johnny at dinner that you were still mad at him about the funeral, what was that about?”
Connor stood up and shoved his hands in his pockets, the subject clearly made him upset.
“For starters Johnny disliked Margaret on sight-with good reason. At the funeral she was wailing like a lunatic, which was ludicrous and shameful. Everyone knew she has not set foot in Berwyn since our mother died-she and Edward were estranged. Anyway Johnny got mad and accidentally bumped into her and she fell into the grave. Then she started to really cry at the top of her lungs. The incident made front page news.”
Kristin gulped down a giggle. She didn’t want Connor thinking she made light of something that was bothering him.
“So what does Daniel and Johnny do?” she asked.
“Daniel manages elite membership clubs and Johnny runs a chain of automotive stores, racetracks and a cricket team.”
“That’s amazing but I love what you do better,” she said smiling at him. Connor sat back down smiling, pleased at the flattery. 
“On another matter-I’ve arranged a temporary account so you can have some spending money and as we speak, a rack of designer clothes for all occasions is being delivered to the house for you.” Kristin glowed with excitement.
“Thank you so much.” 
Connor saw Kristin grimace.
“Are you alright?” he asked, concerned.
“My shoes are killing my poor toes,” Kristin replied.
Connor went over to his wife, knelt before her and pulled off her shoes. He started to massage her feet; rose coloured nail polish adorned her tiny toenails. Kristin’s eyes fluttered closed as sweet sensations overcame her. Connor was happy to relieve his wife’s discomfort but realised he started to endure some of his own as a painful erection set in. He started to kiss her calves, his mouth travelling up her legs as a hand slid under her dress. Kristin bolted from her chair.
“We can’t do this here,” she protested. Connor stood up.
“We can go down below sweetheart,” Connor offered.
“No, we can’t have sex here on this yacht-that’s too, too wild! She exclaimed. Connor was stunned speechless. He walked away from his wife and headed to the rails of the yacht, leaning heavily on them, staring out to the sea. Kristin went over to her husband and rested a hand on his back. His flesh felt firm under her touch and her heartbeat quickened. Kristin removed her hand and started to push the straps of her sundress off her shoulders, then slid it down her body until the pink fabric pooled at her bare feet.
“Connor,” Kristin huskily called out her husband’s name. Connor turned around and to see his wife half naked. He gripped the rails tightly. He wanted nothing more than to ravish her gorgeous body, to take her right there on the deck and show her how much he wanted her. 
“No,” he uttered heavily. Connor walked away and joined the captain by the wheel. Kristin pulled up her dress hastily and sat back at the table, bursting into tears.














Chapter 13

Connor poured himself a snifter of brandy at the mini bar in the study. He was a little irritated at Harold, who had practically hauled him up the stairs as soon as he and Kristin had entered the foyer when they returned from their little trip. Connor was livid with Kristin. She was stressing him out with her schizophrenic antics.
“Alright Harold, out with it. What is so life and death that you were staked out waiting for me.”
“I know about the marriage agreement,” Harold said as Connor reclined in a huge red armchair in the corner of the room.
“Harold of course you know ab-”
“No, no Connor. I know about the agreement,” Harold stressed. Connor regarded Harold with suspicion.
“Exactly what do you know?” Connor asked.
Harold walked over to where Connor was sitting.
“You have Kristin believing she only has to stay with you for one week when it is actually fifty-two,” Harold hissed in anger. Connor rose from the chair to stare at the butler in surprise.
“How did you-”
“Oh and I thought that was the craziest part until I read the baby clause. Are you out of your mind Connor Robert Handsumm!” Harold shouted.
“The woman barely wants to spend twenty-four hours as your wife. How in hell do you propose to make her have your child?”
Connor and Harold watched each other for several heated seconds.
“Listen Harold,” Connor said filling his glass almost to overflowing with more brandy. Tension was beginning to consume him.
“I have a plan okay. I will make her love me and she would want to have my child before the week is up. She never has to know about the details.” 
Harold gawked at Connor
“What happens if-no- when she walks out of Mahogany Ridge first thing on Monday? Do you really plan to enforce the contract?”
Connor slammed the glass on his desk. Its contents erupted and splashed onto documents lying next to it. 
“Harold this is none of your business. But I will offer her more money-double. Everything will work out. Stay out of it.” Connor warned, looking pointedly at Harold.
“You are actually rationalizing buying love?” Harold asked in sheer horror. He could not believe what he was hearing. 
“What is your plan if she finds out what you did?” 
“She won’t Harold.” Connor grunted in annoyance.
“I did,” Harold reminded him. “And before you ask I did not invade your privacy.”
Connor grunted again and resumed drinking his brandy, walking over to the tall windows and looking out over the estate. Harold wanted to tell Connor about Margaret but saw no point in it at the time and their conversation had left him grossly disappointed. Harold left the room without another word but returned shortly after to inform Connor that Mr. Clerk had arrived. Connor nodded and kept his back to him.









Chapter 14

Margaret Handsumm snapped at the taxi driver to hurry. He snapped back that he was going as fast as he legally could. Margaret patted a brown envelope resting on the top of her handbag. A wicked smile was plastered on her face. It matched the black skirt suit she was wearing. Since Margaret had discovered the marriage contract between Connor and Kristin she had been brainstorming how best she could destroy her nephews. Selling the story to the tabloids would kill two birds with one stone. She would get money in her hand and squash the Handsumm image into the mud. On the downside she could end up being sued for breach of privacy and theft but Margaret was beyond caring about those consequences. Although Margaret wanted more money, the urge to make them feel pain was greater. She had a stroke of luck when she called the immigration department to find out what the penalty was for marrying solely for status. It so happened that the person she ended up speaking with was an old acquaintance, Geraldine. 
“Now why would you want to know something like that Margaret? You won’t be trying to ruin your nephew Connor this afternoon now would you,” Geraldine had asked in jest.
“Of course not Geraldine,” Margaret had laughed in response. Margaret thought quickly. 
“Connor is a good boy. It’s his wife I mistrust actually. I think she is marrying him to stay in the island and for his money.” 
“Are you sure Margaret?” 
“Yes, positive. I actually want to stop the little wretch. Could you be a dear and tell me what time their appointment is?” Geraldine had hesitated, saying she did not want to cause any trouble but Margaret convinced her that there would be greater trouble for Connor if his devious wife had her way. Margaret had rushed to change after obtaining the time for the interview from Geraldine and called a taxi, ordering the driver to get to Mahogany Ridge as soon as possible. Margaret was beside herself with joy. I will make you all wish you had just given me the money.
Chapter 15

Connor and Kristin sat next to each other on a sectional sofa in the sprawling living room. They held hands and smiled at each other as Mr. Clerk gathered his forms together. Kristin really wanted to walk out of Mahogany Ridge and never return and Connor was angry and frustrated with his wife’s indecisiveness and mood swings. Harold stood behind them. Mr. Clerk was an odd looking little man; large glasses perched on an unusually large nose, beady eyes and a bald head.
“So have you consummated the marriage as yet?”
Connor’s brows arched in surprise, the man certainly wasted no time. Kristin coughed lightly. “Well up to this morning I was calling my husband’s name.” Kristin replied jokingly.
“So is that a yes or no,” the officer asked drily.
“No,” Connor supplied. The officer asked several questions pertaining to how long they were in a relationship and how they met. They told the officer they had been involved since the evening before. Mr. Clerk informed them that the minimum required time was six hours so they were in the clear. 
“Do any family members reside here,” Mr. Clerk asked, looking around the room. He told them that there would be a meeting arranged with their peers and relatives as witnesses to the authenticity of their marriage, before finalizing Kristin’s papers.
“Up to this morning yes but they are no longer with us.” Harold said.
“Did they die?”
“No but we wish they would,” Harold replied.
Kristin nearly fainted and Connor fiddled with the tie of his Armani suit, his mouth in a hard line. He wanted to strangle Harold. Mr. Clerk informed them that Kristin needed to learn a skill from an accredited institution so she could be employable and not become a burden on the state. Kristin cringed. 
“That would be all,” the officer said and packed his briefcase. “You should get a reply within six days. Good bye.” The officer got up to leave and Harold escorted him out and returned.  As soon as the butler closed the door Kristin and Connor got up from the sofa, relieved from the show of pretence. 
The doorbell rang and Harold disappeared, reappearing less than a minute later with Mr. Clerk at his side. Beside Mr. Clerk was Margaret. 
“This woman claims to have some information that proves your union is false. That your marriage is for the sole purpose of your wife gaining citizenship in Berwyn Island,” Mr. Clerk accused.
Kristin froze. Connor watched his aunt with venom. Harold remained calm. Margaret gave them a smile that reeked of malice. She pulled an envelope from her handbag and handed it to Mr. Clerk
“It’s all there,” she said in a triumphant voice.
The officer took the envelope and whipped out the papers inside to examine them.
“What the hell is this?” he enquired, highly annoyed. “These are travel brochures.” 
Margaret gasped and snatched the papers from Mr. Clerk’s hands. She stared at the brochures in disbelief then she looked at Connor and Kristin, both visibly relieved and Harold, who was wearing an impish grin. 
“You tricked me!” she screeched at Harold who kept silent. She didn’t know how but the butler had found a way to screw her over.
“I know what I saw officer.” Margaret started to argue.
Mr. Clerk grunted and left hastily. Margaret opened her mouth to speak but Harold interrupted her.
“You were so cocky you didn’t even bother to check the documents before rushing over here. Get out. You can walk back to the car or I will throw you at it!”
Margaret trembled with rage. She took one last look at them and marched out the door. Kristin was looking back and forth between the butler and her husband, totally confused. 
“What the hell just happened?” Kristin demanded. 
“I will explain everything later,” Connor told his wife. Harold shot Connor an ‘I told you so’ look and headed for the kitchen. Connor started to leave the room.
“I need to talk to you about something,” she called after him. Connor stopped and turned around. He returned to the sofa. Things between them were still uncomfortably tense. After they got back home from the morning trip Connor locked himself away in his study and she was left alone admiring her new wardrobe in gloom.
“I’m listening,” Connor said flatly. Kristin remained standing. She breathed deeply. Her mother had been messaging her incessantly and Kristin was losing her mind. Julia wanted her money before sundown. Kristin felt sick to her stomach for what she was about to ask her husband and did not want to lie to him but she was not courageous enough to tell him the entire truth. She could not bear him finding out about Julia from someone else or heaven forbid the media. Connor gave her an impatient stare. 
“I need a quarter million dollars. My mother is blackmailing me. And my mother does sell property but not houses or villas. She is a hooker and so are my sisters.” Harold, who was coming down the hallway with a tray of refreshments, stumbled and nearly fell over his own feet as he was about to turn into the living room.
Chapter 16
	
Kristin fished the cheque out of her bag and slid it across the table next to her mother’s glass of iced tea. They were at a little café just outside of the city. It was practically empty.
“Every penny you asked for”, Kristin said staring at her mother who was dressed in a white tight fitting dress. Julia Luvleigh and her youngest daughter strongly resembled each other. Kristin wondered why such an attractive woman would wear two feet of makeup. Her hair was loosely curled, eyelids plastered in a blinding blue eye shadow. Her lips were ruby red and the cologne she wore was stifling. 
“I haven’t seen you in months and those are the first words out of your mouth,” Julia drawled. “I had to find out about your wedding on the news.”
“What did you expect mother, for me to shower with hugs and kisses and raving about how much I love you-please!” Angela took a sip of her drink. 
“I expected an apology from you for destroying my business, you and that Kyle Sexy boy. Your naiveté nearly landed me in jail.”
Kristin did not reply just regarded her mother with disgust.
“So I see you not only moved up, you hooked up with the big rollers.” 
“We all don’t have to sprawl on our backs to get ahead in life mother,” Kristin snapped.
“Oh please, you little fake sanctimonious slut. You think a nobody like you could win over a Handsumm with just a bat of your eyelashes. It’s the honey between your legs darling. Grow up!”
“He loves me,” Kristin hurled at Julia. 
Julia burst into mocking laughter.
“You naive twit,  men like Connor Handsumm get what they want on their terms, don’t think for one minute his affections are genuine. It’s a game some of the privileged love to play and you wear the title of a pawn well. I hope you aren’t fooling him with your tale of virginity-we all know Kyle Sexy bit that cherry a long time ago.” Julia pulled a cigarette and a lighter from her bag. She lit the cigarette and leaned back in the chair. Kristin got up, infuriated. 
“I don’t ever want to see you again. Just hold up your end of the bargain and take my picture off that damned website. Take your money and leave me the hell alone!” Kristin’s voice started to crack. 
“Why can’t you love me like how you love Carrie and Stephanie. Why do you have to be a bitch to me all the time?”
Julia shot up from her seat and slapped Kristin hard across the face. It sounded like a gunshot. Julia snatched the cheque off the table and stuffed it into her bag as her daughter watched her in shock. 
“I maybe a whore Kristin Handsumm but that doesn’t mean you get to speak to me like I am one.” Julia Luvleigh walked out of the café. Kristin left and headed towards the waiting limousine. She climbed in and gave Gordon the address for Le Grand culinary school.
“You okay miss,” Gordon asked, spotting the large red mark on her left cheek. Kristin just nodded not trusting herself to speak, scared she would start to cry and never stop . Julia Luvleigh got into a cab and rattled off her hotel location. She watched her daughter leave in the sleek luxurious vehicle and detested her youngest daughter even more.  Julia had no intention of holding up her end of the bargain. Julia intended to ruin Kristin Handsumm at any cost. She unlocked the screen of her phone to look at a photo stored on it. It was of Kristin with her hands crossed over her bare breasts and wearing a red lacy thong, lying on her back on a huge four poster bed. A caption at the bottom of the photo read “you’ll have sweet dreams if you taste my sugar”.


Chapter 17

Connor sat behind his huge antique wooden desk, long legs outstretched, a snifter of brandy in one hand with the lights off. He wished the sun would leave the afternoon sky so he could be in complete darkness. He had instructed his secretary Jane to hold his calls. Connor felt as if Kristin had punched him in the heart with an iron fist. After she had delivered the jaw dropping news he had not uttered a word in reply. He had just written the cheque, handed it to her and left for work, trying to understand why she had kept such vital information from him when she had ample time during their courtship at the café. He also had great trouble figuring out how a mother could blackmail her daughter- it was evil and disgraceful. Connor shuddered inside at the thought of the media discovering such a juicy morsel of information. He also deliberated about the argument that occurred between him and Harold and knew that a great apology was due to the butler who was like a second father to him. Richard Anonymous drank himself to death after their mother Susan died-the grief was too much for him to bear. It seemed his children were not enough to convince him to remain in the land of the living. Connor finished his drink and got up to pour another when Jane buzzed to announce that Mr. Envest had arrived. Connor smiled, thinking that was the best news he had heard all day. Mr. Envest was an investor he had been trying to land for his new project, Diamond Cove. It was a luxury resort he was planning for Redonda; an island privately owned by the Handsumm family. Connor felt his chest swell with pride and excitement; now that Mr. Envest had agreed to come on board with the project, financing would be sound and secure. Connor told Jane to let him in, switched on the lights and pulled the required documents to be signed from a locked drawer of his desk. Mr. Envest walked in and greeted Connor shaking his hand vigorously. He was a tall slender man in his late sixties, with a cheery disposition.
“Good to see you young man.”
“The pleasure is all mine,” Connor returned. 
“Well I know you have a plane to catch soon so let’s proceed,” Connor slid the papers and a pen towards Mr. Envest as he sat. Mr. Envest cleared his throat and hesitated, regarding Connor with apprehension.
“I have a few concerns-well one actually.” Mr. Envest crossed his legs and Connor sat down, smoothing his tie. 
“Connor, your wife is going to be a bit of a problem,” Connor sat forward in his chair, flummoxed at the statement.
“Mr. Envest with all due respect my wife is no one’s business but mine, I don’t see how she could possibly be an obstacle in our business deal.”
“She is a waitress Connor. Do you know what that would do to my image?” Mr. Envest asked. He pulled a folded sheet of paper from his jacket pocket and placed it on the desk.
“I took the liberty of having an addendum drawn up. You leave your wife and I will happily sign on to Diamond Cove.”
Connor stood up slowly, anger and disgust simmering, hands planted firmly on the desk. Mr. Envest squirmed in his seat and refused to meet Connor’s fierce stare. 
“Get. Out!” Mr. Envest scrambled from his seat and hurried towards the door.
“Let me know if you change your mind,” he called behind him rushing out. Connor hurled the brandy snifter behind Mr. Envest’s disappearing back; it connected with the door jamb and shattered. Connor ran his hands through his hair and sat down hard in disbelief. It was inconceivable that Mr. Envest could be so shallow; now he had to hunt for a new investor. Grandfather Edward had dealt with him for years. Connor remembered when they received the news that Edward had collapsed at a meeting; he had suffered a heart attack. By the time they had reached the hospital they barely had time to say goodbye. Connor thought he would die along with Edward when he stopped breathing. Connor’s train of thought automatically shifted to the will which continued to puzzle him as to why Edward had imposed such rules upon them. Within thirty-one days of his passing all three brothers must be married. Connor was to be first as he was to be at the helm followed by Johnny who had seven days to complete the deed after him. Daniel, had the luxury of being last with more time-thirteen days to find a wife after Johnny. Connor was mystified as to why Daniel was awarded so much more time than his brothers. Edward’s right hand man, Simon had overseen operations until Connor was wed. If any of the brothers exceeded the allotted time, 3H would be liquidated and the funds distributed to several charities. The Handsumm brothers would receive a lump sum that would support their lifestyle until death. But 3H was their legacy and all three brothers had agreed to keep it alive at all costs. Edward was a great man, firm but loving and very supportive. Connor sometimes wondered if he was in his right mind though, when he drew up his last will and testament. What really was interesting was that there was no stipulation as to how long they were to stay married. They could easily divorce once they had assumed their chosen duties. Jane hurried into the office.
“What just happened?” she asked, staring at Connor with great adoration and concern. She was a plain featured woman dressed in a white ankle-length skirt and long sleeved grey blouse. She had brown, dull hair cut in a bob and glasses perched on a pointed noise. Connor explained what transpired between him and Mr. Envest. Jane smiled dreamily from ear to ear. Connor found her reaction odd but surmised she was reflecting on a happy moment. 
“Get those documents from my sight, cancel my other appointments and do not disturb me for the rest of the day,” Connor ordered. Jane’s smile disappeared. She nodded and promptly left with the agreement. 
Jane returned to her station, her back rigid and her teeth clenched. Connor was actually standing up for that bitch of a nobody. She was hurt and disappointed that she had to find out about his marriage in the society pages of the Berwyn Post. I’ve worked my ass off for you since I started here three weeks ago. I deserve better-you deserve 
better-me!  
Chapter 18

Harold entered the kitchen with an armload of freshly washed kitchen towels. He was very upset and disturbed by news that Gordon had given him a little while earlier. He saw Kristin sitting in the breakfast nook crying softly, a large angry-looking bluish, purple mark on her left cheek. The towels fell to the floor. Harold hastened to her side offering her his handkerchief, which she buried her face into promptly.
“My God,” he uttered. Kristin began to cry louder. Harold dashed out of the room and returned with a bottle of ointment and a cotton wool pad. Gordon had called him from the car and told him about the heated conversation he witnessed from the limousine and the ferocious slap. Harold gently removed the handkerchief from her hands and rubbed the delicate area on her face with the ointment then set it aside. He sat beside Kristin and embraced her until the sobs subsided and then got up and filled the kettle with water and switched it on; popping a camomile teabag into a white mug with yellow daisies. He returned to the breakfast nook, sitting opposite Kristin. Harold didn’t want to push her into talking but was very eager to find out details of what had happened-he had been anxiously awaiting her arrival home.
“I made a horrible mistake,” Kristin whispered.
“I’m a horrible person just like my mother.” Harold remained silent, letting Kristin spill her emotions. 
“She’s right-I’m good for nothing,” Kristin continued. 
“You are not a horrible person, don’t ever let me hear you speak that way again about yourself,” Harold said, his heart going out to her .
“You want to talk about what happened?” Kristin shook her head. 
“I can’t tell you-I want to but I can’t. You will think I’m dirty and good for nothing too,” she insisted. 
“I overheard your conversation earlier- I know your mother is blackmailing you,” Harold also told her about what he had heard when she was on the terrace, about her having access to Connor’s money.
“It was just a sarcastic statement I was making to m-”
“There’s no need to explain,” Harold interrupted. He wondered what she had done that was so terrible she could not speak of it. Kristin was touched deeply by Harold’s attention and concern. She desperately wanted to clear her soul of its burdens but she felt it would have been more agonizing to reveal the truth than to keep it locked up inside. Harold got up to finish the tea.
“How did registration go, did you find a class to sign up for?” he asked stirring sugar into the amber fluid in the mug.
“It was a disaster,” Kristin muttered, her eyes misting over with fresh tears. Harold brought over the tea and resumed his seat.
“Registration was a disaster?” Harold asked in disbelief watching Kristin take a sip of the steaming herbal brew.
“I signed up for a basic cooking class at the Grande Epicurean, Le Grand’s classes were all booked up. The classes actually started today so I had orientation and my first lesson as well. I-I blew up a microwave,” Kristin told Harold. The butler bit back a smirk and remained silent. 
“The chef, Francois asked us to scramble some eggs. I wrapped two in aluminium foil shook them really hard and put them in the microwave. It blew up; luckily no one was nearby when it happened.” Kristin said in a small relieved voice. Harold was on the brink of barking in laughter, he thought he was going to have a heart attack trying to suppress it.
“T-There’s tomorrow sweet pea, you can try again,” Harold said in a partially squeaky voice.
“Francois has banned me, I can’t go back,” Kristin complained, lowering her head. Harold nodded, making a mental note to call the institute and have a talk with Francois. Kristin looked up at Harold and smiled.
“You’re so good to me Harold,” she said. Harold clasped her hands in his.
“You are married to Connor so you’re like family-my family,” Harold told Kristin. She started to weep again; Harold watched his handkerchief become saturated with tears. They sat in silence until she became calm.
“Harold, what was Margaret up to earlier?” 
“She got her hands on a copy of the marriage agreement between you and Connor. I found out and switched it, she obviously was too overjoyed to double check it before she rushed up here to wreak havoc,” the butler explained.
“Wow, she’s really out for blood. Thank God for you Harold-oh that reminds me I have to speak with Connor. I need to thoroughly read that contract-I didn’t the day we signed it because I was so excited.” Harold nearly stopped breathing.  
Kristin finished the tea and got up, heading for the kitchen sink. She washed the mug and teaspoon and placed them in the dish rack. Harold could not believe his eyes. She was the first woman any of the Handsumm brothers had ever brought home, that cleaned up after herself. 
“Harold, how come I haven’t seen any maids here at the mansion?” Kristin asked, picking up the towels from the floor and folding them neatly. She placed them on the counter. Harold could not hide his astonishment. 
“I-uh we have a cleaning service about twice a week,” Harold replied. 
“Oh, okay, I was wondering if you had to manage this huge house on your own.” Kristin walked over to Harold and gathered his hands in hers; she raised them to her lips and kissed his knuckles, looking directly into his eyes.
“Thank you so much for caring about me-for me,” Kristin spoke in a soft voice. Harold blushed and replied it was truly his pleasure.
“I think I will visit Connor at the office, we need to talk. I’ll see you later Harold.” Kristin released her hold and left the kitchen. The butler hurried to the phone on the wall and called Connor at his office but the line was persistently busy. Harold placed another call to Vincent, the family pilot. 
“Could you get me some information on PUD Services?”
“PUD?” 
“Yes you heard me correctly-PUD.”
“Harold you could get life in prison if you get caught.”
“I rather it be me. If Connor or Johnny find out about what happened today, they would do the same thing.”
“I’ll get right on it.”
“Thanks.”
Harold set the receiver back in its cradle and began to make preparations for dinner. He didn’t know who Kristin’s mother thought she was but no one assaulted and threatened a Handsumm and got away with it. Blackmailers almost always came back for more money and Harold wanted to ensure that not another 3H cheque crossed the palms of the treacherous hooker.
Chapter 19

“Hi, I’m here to see my husband Connor Handsumm.” Jane Syco examined the blonde beauty in front of her from head to toe then broke into a wide wooden smile. 
“Certainly,” she replied, ringing her boss. Jane’s face was in pain trying to maintain the fake expression.
“You can go right in,” Jane pointed to Connor’s office door. 
“Thanks.” Kristin replied and entered her husband’s office. She had meticulously applied her makeup to conceal the bruise. Connor sat on a sofa in the corner of the room with the lights off and the blinds drawn, his arms spread across the top of the seat. Kristin joined him, looking around momentarily to admire the marvellous furnishings. 
Connor watched her with detached eyes. The jacket and tie of his grey pinstripe suit were thrown on a nearby chair. The first few buttons of his shirt were undone revealing a few dark curls of hair. Kristin nervously smoothed the skirt of her blue Valentino suit as a sweet heat pricked her skin.
“Connor, I came to apologize for the way I acted on the yacht and how I just sprung the news on you about my mother and asking you for money.” The words all came out in a rush and Kristin took a long deep breath. Connor stood up and walked to the middle of the room, sliding his hands deep into his pants pockets. He backed Kristin at first then turned to face her. The blank look was gone, replaced with hurt and tired eyes.
“I would do anything-anything for you. And it pains me whenever I think about how you would never get to know how much I mean that, how much-how much I love you.” Connor’s voice began to falter and he paused before speaking again. Kristin swallowed a hard lump forming in her throat.
“I apologize too Kristin. I’m sorry for pushing my love on you that is clearly not wanted. I promise you it won’t happen again.” Kristin rose from the sofa and went to stand in front of her husband.
“I’m sorr-”
“Don’t apologize for not feeling the same as I do,” Connor interrupted her, his eyes blazed with frustration. Kristin looked up at her husband in silence meeting his gaze. 
“You have three more events of pretence to suffer through. The interview tomorrow, we have to go on a honeymoon and there has to be a reception ball.” Connor stepped back and walked towards his desk. “I’ll get back to you with the details.” Kristin watched her husband in awe. He was treating her like a business matter.
“As for consummating our marriage, I’ll leave the initiating to you-can’t have it being said that I rushed you into receiving my larger than average endowment into your virginal domain. I need to make some calls; I’ll have Jane give you a tour of the building if you wish before you leave.” Kristin wrenched open the door and marched out of the office past Jane sitting at her desk. Jane smiled as she watched Connor’s wife leave. Trouble in paradise-perfect. Jane got up and closed the door to Connor’s office. She took a look around to see if anyone was in the area then took out a key from her bosom. She unlocked a drawer at the bottom of her desk and pulled out a large bag. She went through the contents with great pleasure. There was a lock of Connor’s hair she snipped when he had fallen asleep one evening in his office. She sniffed it and got aroused. There was also a pair of cufflinks she stole from his office and a tie. Also in the bag was a white silk shirt with a large sherry stain. Jane had accidentally spilled it on Connor’s shirt just to get the opportunity to whip out her handkerchief to help wipe the red fluid from off his chest. The items all brought her closer to Connor and she especially liked the newest addition to her collection- the addendum Connor had sent out of his office.
Chapter 20

Wednesday

Kristin woke up the following morning to find Connor gone, she was alone in the huge bed. She yawned loudly and stretched like a cat in her sheer white nightie. Kristin did not get much sleep as she had spent countless hours dreaming about Connor ravishing her, finally making her a woman. Since their conversation at the office the day before, they had not spoken a word to each other. Connor had eaten his dinner in the study avoiding her. Kristin sat up and pulled back the blankets and swung her feet off the bed. She found herself sliding helplessly to the floor, landing on her backside. She realized her panties were wet from her erotic dreams. 
“Oh my,” Kristin gasped, struggling to get to her feet. She grabbed a towel and hurried to the shower after regaining her balance. She donned a pair of jeans and a white blouse and made her way downstairs. Harold had promised to give her some cooking lessons to help her along until she found another class to join. When she reached downstairs Harold was putting out fresh eggs and other ingredients for her to make breakfast.
Good morning my dear,” Harold called out cheerily. 
“I have great news, Francois is taking you back,” Harold announced. Kristin bounced up and down in glee.
“”How did you convince him Harold?” Kristin asked. Harold waved a hand in the air and came from behind the island and perched on a stool, waving his hands with a flourish.
“The floor is yours. We are going to start with fried eggs and bacon-simple stuff,” he told Kristin who gave him a loving peck on the cheek before heading around to the stove.
“I’m ready,” Kristin said excitedly. 
“Where’s Connor by the way?” Kristin asked trying to sound casual.
“He left early to play some tennis. He should be back soon to prepare to go to the office. Harold loved her enthusiasm and wouldn’t dare destroy it by telling her how he got her back into the cooking class. Harold had paid Francois a visit when Kristin went to visit Connor at his office. He informed Francois that if Kristin wasn’t allowed back at Grande Epicurean; he would get Connor to buy the building and then evict him. Francois didn’t miss a beat, exclaiming ‘of course’ and even cooked for Harold after. 
In a few minutes the kitchen was filled with a burnt aroma and a smoky haze filled the kitchen. Harold had the fire extinguisher in his lap armed and ready. He admired Kristin’s tenacity-she was on her sixth try at frying eggs. Kristin completed the meal an hour later and presented it to Harold. A circular black disc of what used to be an egg and 
bacon strips that resembled tyre marks on an ivory plate. Harold gave a large grin and told Kristin he gave her zero for the dish but ten points for effort and one hundred points for not burning the mansion down. Disappointment shadowed her pretty face and Harold gave her hand an affectionate squeeze. He was making an effort at giving Connor’s wife a helping hand because he did not want her ridiculed. They had only known each other for two days but he had a soft spot for her. He remembered the injured look on her face when Margaret had insulted her. No one deserved that woman's poisonous tongue. 
“Now now dear, don't get disheartened. You will get it down pat some year-uh day,” Harold assured Kristin. A small smile crept into Kristin’s face and Harold felt a little twinge in his heart. The warm moment made him a little regretful that he had no children of his own. Harold sat Kristin down and fixed her a real breakfast of apple honey pancakes and coffee.
“A little comfort food for my best student,” Harold told her. 
“Now I have some chores to do but I will check on you in a bit and remember the interview is at noon.”
“Thank you Harold, I will read some cookbooks in the meantime and maybe try something else. Harold nodded and left the kitchen, making a sign of the cross on his chest. He phoned his boss as requested; Connor wanted to be kept apprised of the morning’s events so far and how Kristin was progressing. Harold told him it was a culinary disaster. He was touched that Connor still cared for his wife-there was still hope. When Harold returned to the kitchen some time later, it was to find Kristin sitting at the table with two plates of food before her. 
“Brunch is served Harold. Voila!” she said in a sing song voice.
“Oh, did you order from Naru's,” Harold asked, admiring the beautifully plated fare. Kristin laughed out loud.
“No silly. I present to you- ginger glazed mahi mahi with saffron basmati, almond crusted zucchini and white chocolate raspberry creme brulee.” Harold's jaw was dangerously close to hitting the tiled floor. 
“You-cooked-this?” Harold asked, stunned. He grabbed a fork and sampled the food. He savoured the bite of fish he took.
“Ambrosia!” Harold exclaimed. Kristin jumped up and down with joy. She and Harold embraced as if they were old friends. Connor walked in and saw the butler and Kristin exchanging an intimacy he desperately desired to share with this wife. 
“You have arrived just in time Connor. I cooked my first meal,” Kristin announced proudly, the tense state of their relationship momentarily forgotten. Connor shrank back against the kitchen wall, his hands clasped to his chest. He was trying to disguise his horror with a smile that failed to reach his mouth. Harold gave his employer a discreet nod to indicate that the food was fit for human consumption. He thought Kristin was the sweetest, most backward cook he had ever encountered. The three sat down to partake in the scrumptious meal and Kristin basked in the constant stream of compliments. Harold was glad that her spirits had lifted exponentially over the past few hours. She had confided in him that adjusting to Connor’s lifestyle and the hoops that they had to leap through to put on a show for the public was quite overwhelming. Kristin barely touched the food; she was besides herself with joy.
“I am so glad you all love it and that you're so proud of me. Connor beamed at his beautiful wife who looked ten times more delicious than the meal she prepared in her sexy white blouse and jeans. He mentally chastised himself and reined in his emotions. Last night was torment for him sleeping next to Kristin and not being able to touch her. It burned him greatly the day before to cancel all the romantic plans that he had made for him and his wife, after their talk. He had rented an entire restaurant for them to have a very fancy dinner to celebrate their two day anniversary, booked a gourmet breakfast on the Deep Blue submarine and even arranged for them to have a moonlight picnic on a catamaran. But it was the special gift he had bought her that cut him the most- he would have to make arrangements to get rid of it. He turned to Harold with a humble look in his eyes.
“About yesterday, I’m sorry for disrespecting you Harold I-” 
“It’s alright Connor, I understand.” Harold cut in. Connor nodded and excused himself to get ready for work, his mind drifting to Diane. He had arranged to meet her at Club Snobbe´ instead of his office since he was already meeting a client there. He had also promised to take Jane to lunch there for working an extraordinary amount of overtime. Three birds with one stone-excellent, thought Connor. He got a very unpleasant sinking feeling in his stomach. He knew the possibility that Diane’s baby was his, was very slim but that did not calm him in the least.
Chapter 21

At midday sharp Ms. Doris Nosee from The It People magazine arrived and Harold ushered her onto the patio. He had prepared a special spread for the occasion; smoked salmon and caviar canapés, artichoke and goat cheese bruschetta, chickpea crostini, lemon dill mushroom tartlets and pinot noir poached figs for dessert. There was also a decanter of special blend rum and iced tea with vodka. Harold watched Ms. Nosee, a wisp of a woman in a grey pants suit and pink spike heels tuck into the food before Connor and Kristin could make an appearance. He snorted lightly in disgust and returned to the kitchen. Kristin and Connor graced the patio a few minutes later. Connor was dressed as sharp as usual in a custom tailored suit and Kristin wore a printed stretch crepe dress that brought out her emerald eyes. When they were settled into chairs next to each other, Ms. Nosee paused shovelling down the hors d’oeuvres to gift them with her attention. She pulled a notebook and pen from her huge pink bag.
 “So you have a Handsumm for a husband Kristin, how is it catching one of Berwyn’s most sought after men.”
“It’s like a dream and you know what they say about the Handsumm brothers, their magnificent bulges and the orgasms they produce.” Connor pulled at his tie and poured himself a glass of rum, wanting the patio to swallow him whole. Ms. Nosee broke out into raucous laughter.
“I’ve heard the stories and many of us can only dream,” she gave Connor a saucy wink. Kristin rubbed her hands mortified-she could not believe she had just uttered those words. Connor must think her a complete ditz.
“What about you Connor, how is married life going?”
“It is refreshing not having a refined snob in my arms but you know what they say about a box of chocolates,” Connor replied. Ms. Nosee cocked her head inquisitively.
“No, no I don’t,” she said. Kristin’s eyes zeroed in on her husband’s waiting for his reply.
“You never know what type of you will get or if it will melt in your mouth,” he explained. Ms. Nosee howled in laughter, smacking her hands on her thighs. Kristin’s face was scrunched up in confusion. 
“I don’t get it,” Kristin mumbled. Ms. Nosee whispered to Kristin that she didn’t either. Kristin’s frown deepened.
“So Kristin, what is taking you guys so long to spout babies? You have been together for over two thousand minutes.”
“I don’t want kids,” Kristin said firmly. Connor heart plummeted to the floor. His plans had become unravelled in a heartbeat. He was hoping that even if he could not make Kristin fall in love with him, that he could get her pregnant and the baby would definitely make her want to be with him forever and love him as he did her. He knew he had no other choice than to have their contract changed as soon as possible. Harold had informed him that she was very keen on reading it more thoroughly. Kristin had no desire to be with him far less bear him an heir. Connor’s spirit broke into a thousand pieces. Doris asked them several questions about how they met and their plans for the future Kristin and Connor could barely muster the energy to pretend they were experiencing wedded bliss. She and Connor did not have even a small bite of the lavish food Harold had so lovingly prepared. Their appetites had simply evaporated as the personal questions were posed. Doris, however, made sure the butler’s efforts were not wasted, each platter was left bare. 
“Ms. Nosee it has been a lukewarm pleasure but I need to get going,” Connor interrupted getting up from his seat. Harold materialized to show Ms. Nosee out.
“Oh it was really great chatting with you all also.”
“Are you going to the office?” Kristin asked her husband.
“Yes,” he replied curtly, leaving the patio and his wife without another word. Kristin stared after her handsome husband. She helped Harold clear the dishes then headed upstairs to get her handbag. She felt a strong urge to get out of the house and clear her head. Kristin paused momentarily as she came down the stairs to admire the grand house. She had never really taken the opportunity to appreciate the eclectic mix of mahogany furniture and modern upholstered pieces or the several paintings of landscapes that graced the walls. Kristin’s mood was growing dimmer by the second; in less than five hours she and Connor needed to sleep with each other in order for their marriage to be official. The whole affair made Kristin feel like a whore. In order to get what she wanted she had to have sex with Connor. She squirmed in her skin as she concluded that she was no different than her mother. She contemplated calling Amanda for advice but thought her friend would just scold her and tell her she was being silly. A flood of panic rushed through her body and Kristin knew she had only one option where her situation was concerned, if she were to retain her dignity.
Chapter 22

Kristin walked into Club Snobbe´ feeling a little intimidated by its patrons. Everyone was immaculately attired in designer clothing and fine jewellery. Kristin was appropriately dressed in red silk sleeveless dress, diamond necklace and heels but that didn’t stop her from feeling a little out of place. She had asked Gordon to suggest a nice place to have lunch and he had told her about Club Snobbe´, where the Handsumm’s had membership. Kristin hadn’t eaten since breakfast and was starving. The maître’d promptly found her a table on the terrace as soon as she had uttered her name. Kristin set her bag in a chair and swept the club with her eyes. It was a beautiful place with an intimate setting. A waiter came, introduced himself, poured chilled water in the goblet and took her order; green salad and stuffed chicken. Kristin spotted a familiar face, Connor’s secretary Jane Syco. Kristin got up and headed to the table where she was seated with three other women. 
“Hi,” Kristin greeted the ladies who regarded her as if she had walked in naked.
“Hi Jane, I was wondering if I could join you all?” Kristin asked. Jane smiled broadly at Kristin. This is my lucky day! I have been racking my brain trying to figure out a way that our paths would cross again. Jane reached over to the seat next to her and pulled a small pink envelope out of her bag. She handed it to Kristin who took it with a very confused expression on her face.
“Uhm what’s th-”
“Sweetie, you really should be serving us, not dining among us,” Jane drawled, giving Kristin a condescending look. There was a collective gasp around the table at the smoothly delivered barb followed by hushed giggles. Kristin stared at the woman in shock for several seconds before walking away. She felt the need for a strong drink and headed towards the bar but stopped short when she spotted Connor there with a tall voluptuous, pregnant woman in a yellow dress clinging to him. The woman kissed him at the side of his mouth then pulled away and patted Connor on his shoulders, laughing out loud at something he said. Kristin turned away devastated and furious; they didn’t even notice her. She headed back to the terrace with her eyes brimming with tears, legs trembling. It seemed her reluctance to reciprocate his love had driven him into another woman’s arms. Kristin ached to know who she was-if it was an ex-girlfriend-was the baby his? She grabbed her bag and ran out of the club and climbed in the limousine. When she was seated, she opened the envelope Jane gave her and read the folded paper inside. Kristin’s heart shattered into a million pieces.
Chapter 23

Connor lay in his bed on his back, staring at the ceiling. It was rare for him to be home at a quarter after four on a weekday evening. He was in deep thought about the direction his life was taking. He had returned home a little while ago with a bastard of a headache. He had asked Harold for Kristin but no one seemed to know where she was. Connor squeezed his eyes shut and tried to erase the thoughts of the conversation he had had with Kristin earlier. He felt like a calloused heel for the way he had addressed and treated her but his patience was being shredded. Connor started to nod off when he heard a loud rapping on the bedroom door. Harold appeared before he could move or say come in. Loud angry voices and expletives floated through the doorway. Harold was holding a dustpan that held the remnants of plates and teacups. 
“I think you better come downstairs right now Connor,” Harold said staring pointedly at the contents of the dustpan. Connor frowned at Harold, not very receptive to the interruption.
“Why, what’s happening, can’t it wait until later?” Connor asked in irritation. Harold shook his head vigorously. Connor noticed smudges of what appeared to be pastry crust and cream on the butler’s waistcoat. He looked up at Harold with questioning eyes.
“Seven words- Amanda and Johnny under the same roof.” Connor sprang from the bed to pull on a pair of pants and a shirt. 
“You might want to get some tear gas,” Harold suggested, swiftly turning on his heel and leaving the bedroom. When Connor reached downstairs the floor of the dining room was littered with broken china with bits of pastry in between. Johnny, who was dressed in a designer leather outfit, was glaring at a livid Amanda, who had perspiration practically soaking through a blue snug fitting, jersey dress.
“Don't think you will ever get a chance to stick your tongue down my throat again Johnny Handsumm.” 
“Oh yes, the way you moaned for me while you were enjoying my oral skills Monday night, really convinces me it will never happen again,” Johnny drawled sarcastically.
“If you come near me again I will slap you back to Barbados.”
“Hmm, so you like to spank?” Johnny let his gaze travel up and down Amanda’s body. Amanda released an exasperated screech and grabbed a teapot from the side table and hurled it at Johnny who deftly sidestepped the missile, which collided with the wall and shattered loudly. Johnny chuckled at the infuriated Amanda, whose head looked about ready to explode. She couldn’t keep her mind off Johnny who looked absolutely divine in his leather pants and jacket, dark tee shirt and boots. She wanted to kiss him senseless and that emotion just made Amanda angrier. Connor and Harold stood at a safe distance observing. Harold was now armed with a vacuum, a large refuse bag and a broom. 
“I figured it would be more sensible to wait until they’re finished,” Harold said in a low voice to his employer. 
“Excellent decision,” Connor assented, taking minor comfort in the fact that the side table was now empty. Harold had not too long prepared pumpkin pie and scones for tea, placing them on the side table, when Amanda and Johnny showed up.
“Amanda is going to find herself pregnant the very first time they sleep together,” Harold remarked. Connor tried to erase the images Harold’s statement conjured from his head. But the butler was usually right.
“You’re a sadistic little minx,” Johnny told Amanda who was now standing with her hands clenched at her sides, bosom heaving. Johnny just wanted to drag her clothes off and make love with her in the china rubble. The two stood watching each other intensely. 
“Johnny what are you doing here, I thought you had pressing business to attend to?” Connor asked, trying to break the palpable tension.
“And what’s with the leather?”
“I came to have that talk with Kristin. I rode the Ducati here from my apartment in Hastings.” Johnny replied, not taking his eyes off Amanda. Connor was relieved Johnny was staying in the city and not at Mahogany Ridge.
“I came to pay my friend a visit but this egomaniac here seems to think that his kiss was so unforgettable and feels the need to rub it in my face.” Amanda bit out.
“Well she isn’t here at the moment-in fact no one knows where she is.” The last words seemed to capture Johnny and Amanda’s attention.
“Did something happen?” they asked simultaneously. Connor and Harold shrugged. 
Harold recalled Gordon seemed a little out of sorts earlier after he brought home Kristin. He was picking flowers from the front garden when they had arrived back home. Kristin had hurried into the house and Gordon had sat in the car for several moments before parking, staring after her. When he got back inside, he looked for Kristin but she was nowhere to be found. 
“I tried her cell phone numerous times but it kept going to voicemail.” Harold said. He had just assumed she had probably taken a walk around the estate to clear her head. He knew there was some tension between her and Connor. Amanda looked at Harold and Connor.
“I hope she’s okay.” Connor didn’t like the direction the conversation was taking. 
“Listen everybody just calm down Kristin is fine.” Connor realized his words found no root with the others and more distressing-not with himself. 
“Hey, what is that?” Amanda asked, pointing to a white envelope propped against a gravy boat in the oak hutch. Everyone’s eyes followed Amanda’s hand. Connor walked over and took out the envelope which was marked ‘Connor’ in an elegant scrawl. He noticed it had a slight bulge. Inside was a single small sheet of cream coloured paper. 
“It’s from Kristin,” Connor announced. Harold, Johnny and Amanda gathered around him with bated breath. Connor peered inside the envelope to see what was creating the bump. Kristin’s wedding rings. Connor pulled out a chair and sat down in slow motion as a searing pain ripped through his heart. His hands shook as he held the note and read it out loud.


“Dear Connor,

I am so sorry I failed you. I cannot fit into your world. I suck at everything, I can’t even cook you an egg. I believe that gorgeous woman you were kissing at Club Snobbe´ is perfect for you- sophisticated and well bred. It is evident I am not good enough for you. Believe me when I tell you, there is nothing I would love more than for you to unvirgin me-I do care deeply about you but this whole arrangement makes me feel like a whore. It’s sex in exchange for money no matter what angle you view it from. So I’m leaving. I will just return to my homeland and if destitution is my fate, so be it. Tell Harold I love him and goodbye and not to be angry with Gordon- I told him not to say anything. Tell Amanda and Johnny I am sorry and I send my love.

Kristin

Connor felt three pairs of blazing eyes on him. He jumped up to face them.
“I did not kiss Diane Goldfinder,” Connor said firmly. Harold dropped the vacuum; it clattered loudly to the floor. Harold’s face burned with anger and disgust.
“She kissed me Harold and even so the woman is pregnant and married,” Connor said walking towards the mini bar to pour himself a brandy.
“Pregnant?” squeaked Harold who looked as if he was about to catch a stroke. Connor noticed the horror on the man’s face.
“It’s not my baby,” Connor almost shouted. Connor was immensely relieved when Diane had given him the news. Harold dropped heavily into an ivory coloured accent chair in relief. He was remembering ‘the list’ Diane had created. Connor had found a spreadsheet with a list of suitors noting their current net worth and other detailed personal information. Connor was at the top of the list but after careful reading had realized it was not because he was the wealthiest. All the other men on the list were over sixty years old and next to Connor’s name Diane had put ‘baby machine’. Connor started to pace the room when he spotted a brochure on the floor, partially hidden under the side table. It was from P.U.D and addressed to Harold.
“Harold, why in God’s name are you checking out sniper services?” Connor asked, staring at the butler who jumped up from his seat. Amanda and Johnny exchanged curious glances then stared at Connor, then shifted their attention to Harold.
“This is a brochure from P.U.D. It’s an acronym for pushing up daisies,” Connor explained. Johnny and Amanda frowned but asked no more questions.
“It’s for a special matter,” Harold said. Connor finished his brandy, already forgetting about P.U.D, his mind on his wife. Connor’s could barely breathe when he read the letter; he didn’t realize that Kristin was having such a difficult time adjusting to his life. He was so busy being in love with her he didn’t really focus on Kristin, the woman, her needs. Connor had no idea that their agreement made her feel cheap. And why would she think she wasn’t good enough for him? He married her as he found her without hesitation.
“I need to find my wife,” Connor said firmly. Johnny watched his brother who looked as if he was in physical pain as he dragged a hand roughly through his hair. He was breaking out into a cold sweat and started to hyperventilate.
“I don’t like this,” Amanda whispered in worry. Johnny sighed loudly, wondering what the hell was going on and feeling helpless. 
“Where could she be?” Connor muttered. He felt as if he would lose his mind. Harold went to his side and patted him on his shoulders.
“Where it all began,” Harold supplied. He looked at Connor who quickly interpreted his statement. Connor fled out of the house with Amanda and Johnny following closely behind. The loud chime of the grandfather clock put Harold in a mild panic. It was four forty-five. Connor had an hour and fifteen minutes to find his wife, make wrong things right and consummate their marriage. Mr. Clerk from immigration had made it clear he would be at Mahogany Ridge at one minute past six, sharp, with a confirmation of consummation form to be signed by both parties. Time as usual, was on no one’s side.
Chapter 24

Gordon sped through the countryside in a silver grey Bugatti, the vehicle which was practically airborne, was chosen from the Handsumm collection of cars solely for its speed. Palm trees, white sands and the blue ocean seemed to merge into one multicoloured line as Gordon kept his foot jammed on the accelerator. Johnny kept up with the powerful car on his black and red Ducati, his ebony wavy hair whipped madly in the wind. Connor and Amanda remained silent in the backseat, both their minds preoccupied with Kristin. Gordon nearly missed an intended turn and the tyres squealed in protest as he made a hard left. He braked sharply in front of The Conch Shell. Johnny geared down his motorcycle and parked next to the Bugatti. Connor leaped from the car and paused as he took in the quiet atmosphere. The area was unusually quiet, it was a popular tourist spot. Connor figured out why quickly as he noticed several businesses had vacated the area. He turned his attention to the cafe where he and Kristin met; it was also a victim. He did not see Kristin anywhere; it appeared that Harold was wrong. Johnny, Amanda and Gordon also desperately scanned the area to no avail. 
“Stop,” Connor said suddenly raising both his hands. The others froze where they stood. Connor could hear a sound, barely discernible. He walked around to the side of the building and looked through the alley. He saw Kristin sitting on an orange crate with her face buried in her hands, sobbing. Her valise was on the pavement next to her. She was wearing her wedding dress. Connor could not move right away, the scene weighed greatly on his spirit and conscience. Kristin’s sobbing subsided and she wiped her face in her gown.
“Wife?” Connor tentatively approached. Kristin slowly looked in his direction and fresh tears started to stream down her cheeks.
“Look I’m very, very sorry. If I knew you felt-”
“Like a prostitute,” Kristin uttered. Connor walked closer until he was standing just a few feet away, his face a portrait of anguish.
“I will give you the money, you can go on your way and I will find another wife.” Connor offered, the words felt like acid in his mouth. Kristin gaped at her husband.
“You would do that?” she asked incredulously. 
“I would torpedo the sun if that is what you wish,” Connor replied. He wished his wife would just comprehend the magnitude of his love.
“What about that paper you signed agreeing to divorce me to close a business deal because I’m just a waitress?” Connor nearly fainted. How in devil’s name did she know about that document-that he did not sign. Jane Syco!
“Sweet pea, my secretary had to have stolen that document and forged my signature. I threw that man out of my office for what he proposed. I don’t know why but it seems she wanted to hurt you-or us-I really don’t understand it.” Connor made two more steps, closing the gap between him and his wife, staring down into her bewitching green eyes.
“You did that for me?” she asked in disbelief looking up at him. Connor nodded slowly. Kristin stood up to face her husband, their bodies making contact. She tiptoed and cradled his face in her palms, gazing adoringly into his gorgeous grey eyes. Connor slipped his hands around her waist, savouring probably the last embrace with the woman he loved more than anything.
“You giving me the money will not solve my problem.”
“But I’m giving you the money, no strings att-”
“That is the problem Connor,” Kristin whispered.
“I-I don’t understand.”
“You are a string-the string that I can’t seem to cut, to ignore. The string I don’t want to cut or ignore. I don’t know what I’m feeling for you but all I know is it makes me feel alive and I want to explore it and see where it goes.” Kristin gushed. Connor crushed Kristin’s lips with his. Johnny wolf-whistled, Amanda jumped up and down squealing and Gordon wiped a tear from his face.
“Hey time’s running out. You two could do it in the alley I mea-”
“Shut up!” Amanda shouted at Johnny.
“You are the most disgusting, unlikeable ass I have ever met!” Johnny watched Amanda, stunned. He knew he got under her skin but didn’t think she was actually disgusted by him-didn’t like him. Johnny felt a piercing sensation in his chest. 
“I will never bother you again,” Johnny remarked. 
“Never.” He reiterated. He marched over to the Ducati and climbed on. Amanda was startled by his declaration that he would never trouble her again. But strangely it did not bring her any relief, in fact she found herself experiencing a profound disappointment and a sense of loss. Connor reluctantly stopped kissing his wife and tugged her towards the car. 
“We have to go now,” he said. Johnny gunned the engine of the motorcycle. Gordon was already behind the wheel.
“Are you going to Hastings?” Connor asked his brother pausing momentarily.
“No, I’m heading to Get Drunk or Die. I’m happy for the both of you, now get out of here for God’s sake.” Kristin turned towards her friend.
“Wait, Amanda we-” 
“Don’t worry about me,” Amanda told Kristin. 
“Just go.” Kristin hurried to the car with her husband and Gordon sped off. Amanda walked down the street and hailed a taxi.
“Where to pretty lady,” the driver asked looking back.
“Get Drunk or Die,” Amanda instructed. Amanda was going to say Coconut Bay Hotel, she was due to start her shift in minutes but somehow her tongue had a mind of its own. It always misbehaved when Johnny Handsumm was present.






Chapter 25

Kristin and Connor kissed each other greedily in the back seat of the car on the way back home. Gordon pulled into the driveway of the mansion at five minutes to six and practically leaped out of the car and disappeared. The sky was a brilliant burnt orange as the sun began its descent behind the horizon. Connor marvelled at Kristin’s womanly scents, wildflowers mingled with oranges. He pushed her gently onto her back as she quickly whipped off his shirt then her hands relieved him of his belt. Connor pulled off her braided belt and peeled the wedding dress from her body and it was quickly followed by her bra and panties. Kristin lay before him completely naked. She gasped as his hands caressed her from the soles of her feet to her thighs and then travelled up her stomach. He filled his hands with her breasts and Kristin whimpered in pleasure as his tongue found her nipples and sucked gently. Connor pulled away from her quivering body just long enough to rid his body of the rest of its garments. Kristin stared at his rock hard manhood, nervous but eager. Connor’s fingers slipped between her legs and found her centre of pleasure. His fingers rubbed gently and Kristin arched her back spreading her legs wider, giving her husband more access to her aching body that was begging for release. Connor fingers delved with ease in and out of his wife’s warm, velvety cleft, as she grew wetter and wetter by the second. Kristin’s moans grew louder and louder driving Connor insane. He felt so hard he thought he would explode. He removed his hand and sat down, pulling his wife up and onto him. 
“Hold on baby,” he whispered fiercely. She wrapped her arms around his neck and Connor grabbed her thighs and pulled her down onto his waiting shaft. She cried out at he surged into her. 
“It will get better,” he breathed into her ear as his hands slid onto her backside and he bucked his hips upward, forcing himself deeper, bringing them closer. Kristin’s nails dug into Connor’s shoulders as he thrust wildly into her body. His wife’s cries of discomfort quickly transformed to cries of ecstasy; she rocked her hips against him, her head thrown back, breasts bouncing tantalizingly. Kristin felt a pressure building deep from within and then it exploded. She gasped loudly then screamed as her body was racked with a powerful orgasm that seemed to tear her in two. The windows of the Bugatti cracked then shattered, showering Connor and Kristin with glass. Connor stroked harder and deeper as his climax overtook him. He groaned then shuddered violently, spilling his seed deep inside Kristin’s quivering body. Kristin fell against her husband’s chest exhaling loudly. Connor was breathing heavily as he held his wife tightly against him. He peeked around her shoulder flicking a glance at the time display. It was one minute past six. A grey sedan pulled up next to the Bugatti and Mr. Clerk got out and approached them. Connor grabbed his shirt and pants and draped them over his wife. Mr. Clerk handed Connor a document and a pen, keeping his gaze averted from the erotic scene. Connor took them with one hand placing them on the seat. He scribbled his signature and handed the pen to Kristin. 
“Sign quickly love,” Connor urged. Kristin put her signature on the document then promptly fainted.
Connor handed the items back to Mr. Clerk who looked at Kristin with considerable concern.
“Are you sure she’s alright?” Mr. Clerk asked, peeling off a copy of the confirmation of consummation and giving it to Connor who practically snatched it.
“Yes, she’ll be fine,” Connor said waving the officer away. Connor kissed his wife’s forehead affectionately. He couldn’t wait to tease Kristin about experiencing a Handsumm orgasm.
Chapter 26

Amanda strolled into the bar, her eyes scanning the dimly lit establishment for Johnny. Tendrils of cigarette smoke and boisterous laughter filled the air. Amanda didn’t think Johnny would be hanging out at such a place given his status-not that the Handsumms came over as snobs. The crowd was light, only a few tables were occupied. She spotted Johnny sitting alone in a corner with two glasses of dark liquor. He tossed one back and stretched out his long muscular legs. The bartender was watching Johnny with serious eyes. He pointed at Johnny and wagged a finger.
“Now look here, I don’t want the police at my place tonight.” Johnny raised the second glass in the air and swallowed it one go. 
“I hear you Ben Shot,” Johnny replied. Amanda weaved through the tables until she reached Johnny in the corner. She stood in front of him and folded her arms. Johnny’s leather jacket was thrown across the back of a chair. Amanda could not help but admire the ripples of muscle through his shirt.
“You want something?” he asked looking up at her.
His dark blue eyes seemed to hypnotize her.
“I-uh yes-you,” Amanda stammered. Johnny did not reply, he leaned back in his chair and watched her intently. Amanda’s eyes lowered to Johnny’s pelvis and her lips parted slightly as her breath caught in her throat. Johnny Handsumm’s manhood seemed to be fighting to leap out of his pants.
“I-I don’t know why I’m here or what I’m really searching for,” she said uneasily. Johnny got up slowly from the table and pulled Amanda around it, pushing her against the wall, his hands planted on either side of her head. Their eyes locked and Johnny slowly lowered his head and brushed his lips against hers. The smell of the alcohol mixed with Johnny’s manly heat intoxicated her. Amanda moaned and raised her mouth to deepen the kiss but Johnny drew back his head. 
“Is that what you want?” Johnny murmured. Amanda gulped and shook her head.
“No-yes, I want this but not you,” Amanda groaned in frustration, she couldn’t seem to form coherent sentences. She hung her head in embarrassment. Johnny’s hands dropped from the sides of Amanda’s head. His eyes were alight with irritation and desire. He slid a finger under her chin tilting her head so she was forced to meet his eyes again.
“Be careful Amanda, if you don’t know what you want, stay away from me because I will give you what I think you need. And that is me sweetheart. All of me.” Johnny returned to his seat leaving Amanda to mull over his words. She remained still for several seconds then headed to the bar, calling for vodka and cranberry juice. Johnny observed Amanda from where he sat as she quickly downed four drinks and frowned in disapproval. Get Drunk or Die was no place for a woman to be hitting the bottle alone- it was always filled with leering bastards. Before Johnny could blink, a tall brawny man sidled up to Amanda and squeezed her backside. Johnny leaped from his chair so suddenly that it upended and he charged across the room. Johnny’s fist shot through the air and landed square in the man’s face, sending him sprawling several feet across the floor. The punch happened so quickly Amanda did not have time to react to the man’s groping. She hopped down from the stool and ran behind Johnny who was now picking the man up by his neck with both hands. Blood dripped from the man's mouth onto his white shirt and he gagged as Johnny’s hands clamped around his neck like a vice. Ben Shot was yelling at the top of his lungs for order. Some patrons cleared out of the bar and others remained as spectators. Amanda jumped and threw herself onto Johnny’s back.
''Johnny let him go please,'' Amanda begged. A short rounded man came in with a large red can in his hand. He flicked a glance at the commotion then carefully walked towards the bar.
''Hey Ben where do you want the gas?'' Ben was still barking across the room at Johnny, demanding he put the man down.
''Gimme a minute Charlie,” Ben Shot yelled. Ben wanted the disturbance to cease but hell or high water couldn’t pry him from behind the bar- it was safer there.  A woman with messy blonde hair, dressed in a short denim skirt and red halter top ran at Johnny and punched his arm.
''Hey, you, take your hands off my Robbie!” she screeched. Amanda released her hold on Johnny, sliding off his back. As soon as Amanda's shoes touched the floor beneath her, she backhanded the woman. Robbie's girlfriend stumbled backwards, crashed into another woman passing by who in turn bumped into Charlie.  The trio collided with a table where two men were sitting smoking, seemingly oblivious to the melee. Bottles of beer, a bowl of nuts, the table and the two men went sailing through the air. Amanda straddled the woman who hit Johnny and started to punch and choke her alternately. Orange flames erupted from the floor, where a cigarette that had flown from one of the men's mouths had landed in a pool of gas; the cap from the petrol can was dislodged as Charlie had hit the ground.
''Fire. Everybody get the hell out!'' Ben Shot hollered in panic. Johnny threw Robbie, whose eyes were ready to pop out of his head, onto the ground then broke a chair on his back. He frantically searched the bar for Amanda. He spotted her astride Robbie's girlfriend, her hands busy. He dashed over to them and hauled Amanda off the woman then rushed to help Ben grab the fire extinguishers which were located in the corridor that led to the restrooms. The men attacked the fire as the remaining patrons in the bar stared on in shock. Amanda watched the men battle the fire and couldn't help but think it was all her fault; her restless loins wanted to start a fire in Johnny not Get Drunk or Die Bar.
Chapter 27

Thursday

Kristin and Connor lay in bed naked, entwined, facing each other. Connor loved the feel of Kristin's skin which was as soft as frangipani petals. His hands lazily roamed the contours of her body. Kristin felt like a queen seeing the effect she had on her husband who couldn’t seem to keep his hands or eyes off her. He watched her as if he was seeing her for the first time. They had made love throughout the night and into the wee hours of the morning. Both blissfully tired. They had watched the sun rise minus a stitch of clothing on the balcony. The view was breathtaking; at the back of the house was a vast area of towering mahogany trees as far as the eye could see. Connor had informed her that’s how the house got its name. It was very romantic seeing the sun float slowly above the tree tops. Kristin had asked him about the woman who was draped all over him at the club and she was satisfied with his explanation that Diane was the one who kissed him, which in reality, she witnessed for herself. Connor talked about the list and how he had told Diane when they broke up that she was as cold and heartless as a vampire and vampires couldn’t reproduce. She had also been trying to trap Connor into marriage with a baby. Diane had then suggested a bet-the prize being the right to say ‘I told you so’. She had actually wanted to see Connor to apologize for her evil deeds and was over the moon at expecting a child, with a husband who was actually not even wealthy-just rich. It was a major improvement for Diane’s character. She did not neglect to gloat about winning the bet. Connor was grateful for the closure. Diane was of Connor's past; Kristin was his present and future. 
''So I was thinking we could honeymoon in Jamaica or Curacao but we need to leave today- what do you think?'' Connor asked. He was not going to make the same mistake of excluding her from any decision making, twice. During the night when Kristin had dozed off Connor had phoned Mr. Chargings and asked him to create a revised contract. Connor couldn’t bear to lose Kristin now, it would kill him.
Kristin pressed her lips to her husband's and murmured that she didn’t give a damn where he took her. Connor decided on Curacao and also asked for her input on the reception ball he wanted to host for that coming Saturday. Kristin's answer was the same as for the first question.
''Can you live without me as I make two calls sweet pea?'' Connor asked in jest.
''Barely,’’ was Kristin's reply. Connor sat up in bed and retrieved his cell phone from the nightstand. Kristin listened as her husband spoke with an event planner at Only for the Elite. He rapidly fired off a string of details, thanked then made two more calls. One to Johnny and his brother Daniel to inform them of the ball. Connor inhaled deeply when he finished his calls and looked over at his wife.
''I would love to spend all day here with you love but I need to have a talk with Jane Syco,'' Connor said. Kristin’s face went stiff at his statement about the hateful woman. Connor got out of bed. 
“Come-we’re both going,” Connor instructed and headed for the bathroom. They showered and got dressed. Connor donned a suit and Kristin dressed in a simple sleeveless green dress and bone coloured heels. Harold knocked on the door as they were preparing to leave the bedroom. Connor pulled it open to see Harold in slacks and a polo shirt with a thick white envelope in his hand.
 ''What's going on,'' Connor enquired, puzzled at the butler's lack of work attire and staring curiously at the fat envelope.
''Amanda and Johnny are in prison sir,'' Harold stated.
''Prison?'' Connor and Kristin asked in unison.
''Yes, prison. This is their bail money,'' Harold indicated, waving the envelope. 
''What the devil did they do, have sex in the street?'' Connor shouted. Harold shook his head. 
''I prefer we wait until we get to the station- we should go now, Gordon is waiting.'' The butler didn’t dare tell his boss what the two had done at that moment-he was afraid Connor would snatch the money and burn it. Connor knew Harold was hedging; he always had a soft spot for Johnny which he did not envy but sometimes Johnny used to get away with borderline murder when they were kids. Harold looked at Kristin for several seconds then went over to hug her tightly.
“It’s wonderful to have you back with us my dear.''
''Same here Harold,'' Kristin replied, returning the hug just as hard. She remembered how she had packed her things and snuck out of the house and walked down the road to meet a taxi she had called in advance, before she got back home on the day she ran away. Kristin still felt awful about what she had done-especially to Harold. They hurried down the stairs and headed for the waiting limousine.
Chapter 28

Connor, Harold and Kristin sat opposite Sergeant Cuffs in his office. Amanda and Johnny sat off to the side next to each other, wearing sheepish grins. Between them they had decided not to call anyone- they preferred to spend the night in jail than face Connor's anger especially considering the china smashing tantrum and Johnny's recent relentless provocation of Amanda. Connor was glaring at them with death in his eyes. Kristin had her arms folded across her breasts, her red painted lips set in a line of fury. Harold just kept his eyes trained on Connor in case he flew across the room to choke the leather suit off his brother. Amanda Purty and Johnny Handsumm were arrested for disturbing the peace and causing the fire at Get Drunk or Die bar.
''Sergeant Cuff, I will spare-Johnny-will spare no expense in repairing Ben Shot's bar.'' Johnny and Amanda's faces clouded with horror. 
''Mr. Handsumm, I am afraid that is impossible,'' the sergeant said.
''I don't understand,'' Connor said frowning.
''There is no more Get Drunk or Die. It was razed.''
Connor breathed deeply and ran a hand raggedly through his hair as embarrassment and rage shook him to the core
''You rocked last night,'' Johnny complimented Amanda. 
''The way you tackled Robbie's girlfriend, it was one of the hottest things I've ever witnessed. I love to see a woman who can handle herself.'' Amanda blushed deeply.
''Thank you. When you punched Robbie I wanted to tear your clothes off. I never thought someone defending my honour could be such a turn on.'' Johnny tucked a stray curl of Amanda's hair behind an ear and she leaned into his touch.
''Seriously. Here. At the police station?” Connor barked. Johnny and Amanda ceased conversation. Connor paid the required amount of bail, completed the necessary paperwork and obtained Ben Shot's contact information. Connor’s hand trembled in fury as he recorded the numbers in his cell phone.
''When are you returning home Johnny?'' Connor asked his brother.
''Well actually I am going straight to my apartment to pack-”
''Excellent, let's go,'' Connor interrupted, rising from his chair. He held the door open for the others to exit. When they got to the limousine Johnny asked Connor to give him a few minutes to speak with Kristin. Connor nodded and got into the car and Amanda followed suit. 
''I didn’t mean to hurt you Kristin, I was stupid and insensitive a-'' 
Kristin silenced Johnny with a hearty embrace.
''Johnny I know and I’ve forgiven you. We loved each other but weren't in love and things got screwed up. You need to forgive yourself now and move on,'' Kristin kissed Johnny on the cheek and released him. Johnny was beaming with relief that she did not hold a grudge against him for his foolish actions. Johnny said goodbye and climbed onto his Ducati and roared down the street. Amanda stared after him with adoration through the car window. As Kristin joined the others in the car she noticed the starry look in her friend's eyes and silently celebrated- it seemed her friend was in love but didn’t have the slightest clue. She didn’t know if love would ever think her worthy enough to grace her with its presence but she was thoroughly enjoying what she had at the moment with her husband-whatever it was.
Chapter 29

Connor stormed into the 3H corporate building. Kristin had to step very quickly to even stay within a few feet of her husband. When he arrived at Jane's desk, he slammed his palms onto its surface and glared at his secretary. The sunny smile Jane had when she first saw Connor appear, quickly dissipated. She glanced at her boss' wife-the woman made her sick to her stomach-she despised her.
''Hi boss, I am getting a slew of calls for invitations to the reception ball so we need to update t-''
''Get your things and get the hell out of this building,'' Connor punctuated each word vehemently. Jane's eyes zeroed in on Kristin with raw hostility.
''You turned his mind against me?'' Jane shouted in an accusatory tone. Kristin refused to answer the bitter woman, she was not worthy of a reply.
''Don't make me repeat myself,'' Connor threatened. Jane stared at her boss, appalled for several moments before picking up her bag.
''I will need to get a box t-”
''Get out-I will have the rest of your things delivered to you!'' Jane quickly gathered her belongings and scrambled from her station, heading for the elevator. She smiled coldly at Kristin and waved before she stepped inside it. The smile made Kristin cringe. 
''Something is wrong with that woman Connor,'' Kristin said quietly. 
''She is a disgusting creature,'' Connor said as he paced outside his office. Connor felt frustrated and outraged-now he had to look for a new secretary. He stared at the mountain of paperwork on the desk and sighed loudly.
Kristin watched Connor wear a hole in the carpet as the wheels of his mind turned. He called Jane a disgusting creature but Kristin believed the right adjective was dangerous. And she was clearly in love with Connor.








Chapter 30

Connor and Kristin arrived at their private villa filled with excitement. After putting away their bags Connor made them pina coladas and they headed for the beach. Connor watched his wife’s hips sway provocatively in her white and gold two piece swimsuit like the turquoise waves in the ocean. They relaxed on a large towel and soon after were making passionate love under the setting sun and into the night when the silvery moon hung in the sky. Connor was convinced he was the luckiest man alive as he cuddled with his wife after they had both experienced draining climaxes. He played with her golden hair, kissed her face and every inch of her. He loved every feature of her body, especially the cute little clover-shaped birthmark on her right buttock.
''I love you and I know one day you will feel the same way and say it back. I’m a patient man, I will wait for you my love,'' Connor promised. Kristin kissed Connor fervently. 
''And I am committed to this journey Connor, no more running,'' Kristin assured him. Connor smiled, deeply contented and delirious with joy. 
''Nothing or no one can stand in our way,'' Connor whispered and began to make love to his wife, who surrendered without hesitation.
Chapter 31

Margaret sat on a chaise lounge in her living room, sipping a glass of Bordeaux. She smiled broadly as she thought of how relaxed Connor and his crafty butler must be feeling not knowing what was in store for them. She had commended herself for faxing a copy of a document she had found on Connor’s desk, besides the marriage contract, to her home, before leaving the study. The marriage contract angle which had failed paled in comparison to the interesting information she had gotten her hands on. She couldn’t wait to tear their world apart but she needed to be patient. Timing was everything. 

Back in Berwyn in a suburban development, Jane Syco was burning her stolen collection of Connor’s things in a can in her backyard. She stared at her cell phone screen with a breaking heart at tweets Connor was posting about him and his beautiful wife on holiday in Curacao. She had read an article in The It People magazine earlier that day by a Ms. Nosee that made her want to vomit. The article was titled ‘the billionaire and the waitress- a sweet charming fusion’. Jane wanted to strangle Kristin for stealing the love of her life. A particular tweet caught her attention. It was one he posted seconds ago, a picture of his two brothers with a caption ‘who is next?’ Jane smiled dreamily as one of the gorgeous Handsumm brothers caught her eye. She ran inside to hook up her phone to her laptop and downloaded the picture. She printed it, took a red marker and wrote the words ‘so in love with you’ at the top and pinned it on her bedroom wall. In the heart of the city, Julia Luvleigh was shopping for a gown to wear to her daughter’s reception ball. She couldn’t wait to give Kristin a very special wedding present.  
 Chapter 32

Friday

Connor and Kristin fed each other berries, whipped cream and champagne in bed. Connor had received a call from the temporary assistant, Colette,  that he had hired for the office until he returned-an investor was ready to get on board. Celebration was in order.
''So are you nervous about the reception ball?” Connor asked Kristin. She shook her head vigorously.
''You will be by my side, I have no fears,” Kristin told her husband who was extremely flattered by her confidence in him. Connor didn’t want to dampen the mood but there was a question weighing on his mind.
''Has your mother left Berwyn?”
''I believe so-well she is supposed to anyway. She has not called or texted me since I gave her the cheque.” 
''No Margaret, no Julia, no Jane, life is perfect,” Connor remarked. He also wanted to know what her mother was holding over her head but did not want to end up with a sour moon instead of a honeymoon. He decided to let her tell him the story on her own-if she ever did. 
''I have a great idea,”' Connor said drawing his wife closer. Kristin gave him a coquettish smile.
''As to how you can cool down,” Connor continued. 
''But I am not hot,”' Kristin protested.
''You are about to be my love.” Connor claimed Kristin’s mouth possessively then her body. Kristin was on cloud nine. She only needed Connor and smelling salts and heart medication for the arrhythmia she developed over the past couple days. Connor gave her orgasms that made her faint regularly and sent her heartbeat out of sync but it was a very welcome side effect. Kristin experienced what true bliss was, making love and spending time with Connor. She had no intentions of being robbed of such a beautiful gift and most certainly not by her mother, who was not a threat to her anymore. A great weight had been lifted from her soul and Kristin felt for the first time in her life that she had a true chance at happiness.
Chapter 33

Saturday

Kristin and Connor sailed gracefully across the dance floor in an elegant waltz, smiling and gazing into each other’s eyes. Kristin was wearing a stunning white, voluminous gown studded with sequins and Connor wore an Armani tuxedo. 
“You couldn’t look more beautiful than you do at this moment,” Connor whispered to his wife who blushed severely.
“And you grow more handsome every day Mr. Handsumm,” Kristin breathed. They slowly kissed and continued their journey across the room. He was just a little disappointed that his brother Daniel could not make it but he promised to visit in a few days. Harold watched the pair from where he was standing near the front door. He was taking a much needed break; throwing the event at such short notice was hectic and tiresome but he loved every minute of it. The house was full of guests dressed to the nines, chattering, mingling and dancing and the food looked heavenly. It was a perfect night for the event, the ebony sky was clear and studded with endless stars. Harold gave the caterers specific instructions to serve all food and drink in plastic ware; he didn’t want a repeat of the great china affair from earlier in the week. The butler was overjoyed that Connor had finally found love and hoped Johnny and Daniel soon followed suit. He observed Amanda and Johnny stealing glances at each other as they stood outside under the porte cachere. Harold smiled at the thought of them becoming a couple-the two spitfires would drive each other insane. A woman in a black and silver dress entered the mansion, pausing just in front of Harold. She was looking around the room in a desperate fashion with a cell phone in her right hand. Harold went on guard instantly and stepped sideways to get a better look. He was alarmed when he realized she was the spitting image of Kristin. Her mother! The woman started to advance across the room and Harold quickly looked around to see where Connor and Kristin were. They were heading for the back patio. Harold hurried behind the unwelcome guest and when he got close enough, stamped a foot on the hem of her gown that was trailing on the floor. Julia Luvleigh tripped and fell to the floor on her face. Her cell phone skated across the floor onto the patio. Connor and Kristin turned around hearing the commotion. Connor bent over to pick up the cell phone, seeing Harold hauling a woman from the floor to her feet. He was startled at the striking resemblance she had to Kristin, minus the half foot of make up. She could only be her mother. Harold was holding Julia Luvleigh by the neckline of her dress, she was struggling in his grasp. Harold turned to her, lowering his voice.
“If you don’s top wriggling around so much-like the repulsive worm you are- I will toss you over that balustrade.” Julia calmed down considerably. Harold wanted to choke her until daylight. Kristin stared at her mother in fury but she was also terrified inside.
“What are you doing here you were supposed to disappear after you got your money!”
“I came to bring you a wedding present sweet daughter,” Julia said smoothly with a sly expression on her face.
“What the hell is this?”
“It’s my mother Connor, Julia Luvleigh, I don’t know why-”
“No-why are you on a website for prostitutes?” Connor was holding up Julia’s cell phone with the display pointed away from him. Kristin uttered a shocked gasp. Harold saw the photo and quickly lowered his eyes. He did not believe for one minute that Kristin was a prostitute. It showed a webpage with a photo of Kristin in a provocative pose and lacy blindfold. Connor knew it was Kristin even though her face was not revealed because of the clover-shaped birthmark on her right buttock. Connor could not believe his eyes. His touch had disabled the screen saver when he picked up the phone. Kristin was a prostitute? Julia smiled devilishly. Kristin faced her husband with pleading eyes.
“Please, you must believe me, that picture is not what it looks like. I have never sold my body-”
“Did you pose for this?” Connor demanded with raw disappointment and hurt in his eyes.
“Yes but-”
“Did you give permission for this photo to be used on this website?”
“I did connor but-”
Connor slammed the phone to the ground and it shattered to pieces with a loud crack. Julia bristled in anger.
“Hey that’s my-”
“Listen, you have more serious things to worry about. If those two don’t reunite, I suggest you start writing your obituary.” Harold whispered fiercely to Julia, who paled instantly and went still when she saw the lethal look in his eyes. Kristin grasped Connor’s face in her palms and he pushed her away. She started to weep. Harold tightened his hold on Julia’s neck.
:Why-why would you do something like this?” Connor asked in anguish. Kristin wiped her tears with the back of her hands and breathed deeply.
“When I was eighteen I was dating a boy named Kyle Sexy who was actually an undercover detective. He used me to get information about my mother’s prostitution business then had it shut down. My mother blamed me for her nearly being jailed and losing her investment of over a quarter million dollars. She restarted the venture and insisted I use a photo of me to help generate business-after all it was my fault that everything went to hell. But another girl would go out when bookings were made-not me. In fact my mother played on my guilt and did all this just to hurt me and make me look like trash-she loved every minute of it.” Kristin faced her mother as she spoke the last sentence. 
“You always said I thought I was better than you and my sisters. I am. It’s not just about what you all do it’s who you are. Greedy, jealous, self absorbed and malicious. I pity you Julia Luvleigh.” Kristin turned back to her husband as her mother stared at her with an open mouth. Her daughter’s last five words cut her to the bone. Connor was staring at the floor, numb.
“I love you Connor Handsumm. You must believe me-look me in the eyes and tell me you believe me,” Kristin whispered. 
“I can’t,” Connor whispered back.
“You can’t?” Kristin asked with despair in her voice.
“I can’t because I don’t have to,” Connor said raising his head.
“I can see the truth-I can feel the truth in my heart.” Connor pulled his wife into his arms and kissed her fiercely. They locked lips for several moments before pausing for breath.
“So it took a crisis for you to declare your love,” Connor whispered against his wife’s mouth.
“Better an awkward moment then never.” Kristin whispered back. They both laughed softly. Harold smiled, satisfied. He dragged Julia from the patio and made his way around the side of the house heading toward the front where Gordon was standing by the limousine. Harold beckoned him with a wave and continued down the driveway towards the Bugatti. There had been a delay in getting it taken to the garage for repairs as the specialist mechanic was overseas. Harold held Julia by the neck and waist and tossed her through a window space into the backseat of the car. He dusted his hands and turned towards Gordon who had caught up with them.
“Take this garbage to where she is staying to collect her things and take her to the airport. Make sure she boards a plane and that it takes off with her in it. If she refuses-come and get me.” Gordon tipped his hat smiling and got into the vehicle. Harold saw Amanda and Johnny running towards him. The Bugatti left the driveway swiftly.
“What’s going on?” Johnny asked. 
“I’ll let the others fill you in,” Harold replied, retracing the path where he came. When they reached the patio Connor and Kristin were standing holding hands and staring into each other’s eyes. Harold walked over to Kristin placing a hand on her cheek.
“Don’t worry, that woman will never get to put her hands on you again,” Harold assured her.
“Her mother hit her?” the others asked in unison, stunned.
“I thought you got that bruise when we-er-were you know……..Connor’s voice trailed off as he stared at his wife. She grinned at him.
“No. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you ab-”
“That’s okay sweet pea,” Connor said. He could not imagine how a mother could be so horrible to her own flesh and blood. He suppressed a wave of anger.
“So that’s why you had called P.U.D,” Connor exclaimed turning back to Harold. 
“I’ve abandoned those plans for now sir,” Harold said. He wished nothing more than to see Julia dead but could not live with the fact that he would have been involved in taking Kristin’s mother away from her. Connor smiled at him. Amanda wanted to tackle Julia Luvleigh and rip her hair and nails out. She felt a bit hurt that Kristin was keeping things from her but reminded herself that she was not very forthcoming with certain details about her life either. Kristin wondered what in the world P.U.D was but set the thought aside and proceeded to fill in the others on what had taken place. 
“Well thank God that witch is gone-I would have killed her with my bare hands,” Johnny ground out. The others nodded their approval. Johnny turned his attention to Amanda. She looked like a goddess in her jade gown. He walked over to her and touched her chin tenderly with a finger. Their eyes collided and a heat raged between them. 
“Marry me,” Johnny whispered. Amanda’s eyes widened at the proposal and the others watched on in amusement and surprise, breaths held.
“Johnny Handsumm I will marry you on one condition,” Amanda replied holding his finger.
“Hell must first freeze over,” she said kissing his finger and winking at him. She walked back into the house. Johnny just stared after her. Connor walked over to his brother and gave him a consolatory pat on the back.
“Sorry little brother,” Connor said. Johnny just shook his head slowly.
“There is nothing to be sorry about because I am marrying that woman,” Johnny said with pure conviction.
“Johnny you heard the woman she said-”
“I heard her Connor. What she doesn’t know is that hell froze over the day we met.” Harold rolled his eyes and Connor chuckled loudly. Connor suddenly lifted his wife into his arms. The butler and Johnny watched them smiling.
“We didn’t do this when we first got married and I thought there is no better time than right now. I am taking you over the threshold,” Connor stated. Kristin laughed out loud as her husband stepped into the house while Harold and Johnny applauded loudly.
Chapter 34

Monday

Julia Luvleigh stood in the line at First Carib bank, holding the cheque she received from the Handsumms. She was dressed casually in jeans and a gypsy-styled blouse with an unbelievably thick layer of make up plastered on her face. There was a woman at the teller ahead her and Julia tapped her foot impatiently. She had an appointment with a tabloid newspaper reporter in half an hour- she was about to become even richer-by one hundred and fifty thousand dollars richer. Julia was going to share Kristin’s racy photo with all of Berwyn; she couldn’t wait to read the story when it was published. Julia thought that her good-for-nothing Kristin did at least one thing right. Paid her what she was rightfully due. The girl had wrecked her life and how was she punished? By landing a wealthy man who seemed to love her beyond comprehension. Bitch. The woman moved away from the counter and Julia walked towards the teller. She suddenly started to feel dizzy and gripped the counter tightly. The customers in the bank became blurry convoluted images. Her body felt weak and her chest seized with incredible pain. Julia collapsed on the floor gasping loudly for breath. The guard and a few patrons rushed to her side. Julia’s body seized three times violently then went still, blank eyes looking up at the ceiling of the bank. The fingers of her right hand were still clutching the cheque when her heart had ceased beating. 
Chapter 35

Connor drove his Mercedes through the picturesque countryside of Berwyn with his wife at his side. They had just left the immigration office, where Harold, Johnny, Gordon and Amanda swore on the bible that their union was true. Connor had called Mr. Chargings when he had a moment alone and had the great pleasure of informing him to destroy the contract-it was no longer needed. Connor had already burned the copy he had at home. Kristin was clicking away madly with the camera he had bought her. He had taken the day off to give his wife a surprise and he couldn’t wait to see the expression on her face. Kristin was deeply touched Connor remembered she loved taking pictures. She was keeping something very important from her husband and it was killing her. She didn’t want any more secrets between them-it was a destructive path. Kristin was convinced that if she spoke the words, it would make it all too real and bad things will result. She was torn. After a half hour’s drive Connor turned off the main road and headed down a winding road towards the ocean, where a large house sat on the cliff edge. Connor cut the engine and gazed at his wife. 
“Welcome to our new home,” he whispered. Kristin dropped the camera.
“Oh my God Connor it’s beautiful,” Kristin exclaimed jumping out of the car and running towards the white and blue structure; her orange dress whipping around in the wind and her handbag swinging around wildly in her hand. Connor laughed at her excitement and got out the car to run behind her. Connor unlocked the door and they walked slowly inside. He couldn’t bring himself to sell the house he had bought the same day he and Kristin had the falling out at his office. Kristin jumped into her husband’s arms and kissed him loudly then started running from room to room like a beautiful mad woman. Connor was watching her in amazement, smiling, when he remembered something very important. 
“Dammit,” he muttered, running to find his wife. It took him a few minutes to find her and he did-exactly where he didn’t want to. Sweat was seeping through his white polo shirt and Connor dried his damp palms on his jeans. He watched his wife standing by the crib in the nursery which was painted in a bright yellow with butterflies and dragons on the wall.
“I’m sorry Kristin, I bought this house before I knew you didn’t want children I-”
“Stop Connor. I didn’t want children because at the time I saw no future for us. We were only supposed to be together for seven days. But I would love to have children with you,” she whispered. Her eyes misted over with tears and Connor went over to embrace her but she put up a hand stopping him.
“I have something to tell you. I didn’t want to because I though I would be punished-we would be punished for what I said that day at the interview,” Kristin began. She opened her handbag and pulled out an envelope.
“What are you talking about?” Connor asked, lost.
“I thought because I said I didn’t want children out of spite, that the Fates would take him or her away from us,” Kristin replied, pulling a pregnancy test stick out of the envelope and placing it in the crib. Connor peeped at it to see two navy stripes looking back at him. Connor regarded his wife with great joy. 
“Come here you silly gorgeous woman,” Connor said pulling his wife into his arms. He looked into her eyes.
“Are you happy?” 
“Ecstatic”
“Then all is well sweet pea,” Connor said. 
“I have something to confess too,” Connor told his wife who looked up at him with curious eyes.
“I lied to you the night of the ball,”
“About what?”
“I said you couldn’t have been more beautiful that night,” Connor explained.
“You are now twice-no three times more beautiful than Saturday,” Connor whispered. Kristin giggled.
“I love you three times more than the amount of money you have,” Kristin said.
“And I love you more,” Connor replied.
“I know,” Kristin breathed. Their mouths slowly met and fused and the rest of the world faded away.

Thank you for reading  ‘A Bride for Connor’, Book 1 of the Berwyn Island Trilogy.

**********

To receive updates and previews on Book 2 
‘A Wife for Johnny’, visit me at:

Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/oliviateese
Facebook Page (Writer): http://www.facebook.com/oliviateese

Or email oliviateese@outlook.com




