One Night In Heated Snapshots
Book One


By
Ashley C. Harris



Praise for Ashley's Novels

"One Night in Heated Snapshots by Ashley C. Harris was a good quick romantic read that will have a part two to it... This author really works her magic with these two characters in her presentation of them. I liked the twist and turns of these two coming together showing the family controversy, much growing up, perusing a career and then even love.. I found the characters were well developed, colorful, believable and well portrayed only helping to give the readers a good romantic story."
-Arlenas Book Reviews


"Memorable characters and plot momentum will keep the reader fully engaged right up to the pulse-pounding, dramatic conclusion with a stunning ending that I didn’t see coming! Shock Me is a gripping beginning to a new series. I, for one, look forward to the future adventures of these characters."
 -Lusty Penguin


"Shock Me by Ashley Harris is a story with new, fresh premise and I believe that fans of paranormal young adult novels will be thrilled to read it. I was completely hooked after reading prologue.. Ashley Harris managed to masterfully confuse you and leave you wanting more."
-Ja čitam, a ti?

"I loved this book so much I finished it in one sitting.. Where do I sign up for the second book's blog tour? I'm so excited." 
-Endless Reading

"I think the summary for this one doesn't begin to really summarized Shock Me. In a way, I found it misleading because there's so much more to it. I couldn't stop reading it once I started. The story hooked me up from the beginning to the end. Most especially the ending. I'm glad that it was written in a third person's point of view. It made it easier for me to understand them. The story itself was written very well and the mysteries surrounding it kept it more interesting and better. It's like when one secret was revealed there's another secret."
-Musings In Fiction Alley

"Shock Me is a very nice, light read. It is a fast-paced action book with a little romance, and it is a perfect way to pass some time. It was good enough that if the author wrote a sequel to Shock Me, I would definitely read it... "
-Books With Pizzazz



Also By
Ashley C. Harris

THE SHOCK ME SERIES
Shock Me

Sparks

Collide

THE ONE NIGHT IN SERIES

One Night In Heated Snapshots

One Night In Close Exposure




One Night In Heated Snapshots

Book One
Of
The One Night In Series..



Ashley C. Harris
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright 2013 by Ashley C. Harris. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce, distribute, or transmit in any form or by any means. For information regarding subsidiary rights, please contact the Author.

www.ashleycharris.com

Cover design by Amber Harris : http://www.amberhdesigns.com/


Second Smashwords Edition September 2014

The author acknowledges the copyrighted or trademarked status and trademarked owners of the following wordmarks mentioned in this work of fiction: Nerd, Business Accounting, College Professor, Olympic, Olympics, Swim Team, Swim Champion, Beer Pong, Pot, Jock, Breezeway, Kate Middleton, Ryan Phelps, Michael Lochte, Italian, Latina, Miami Beach, Soda, Red Bull, Mile High Club, New Jersey, Jersey Shore, Mario Lopez, Will Smith, 'Welcome to Miami', Miami Airport, Miami Grand Hotel, Heat,Vivid Image, Grand Palm, African Refugee, Bar and Grill, Grilled Cheese, Spanish, Pina Colada, Dancing With The Stars, Reality Star.



Dedicated to: 
The king of kings. Prince of peace.
Jesus Christ,
 the one who is, was, and is to come....



Chapter One

Beth’s business accounting class seemed to stretch out into infinity. Her professor was supposed to dismiss the class ten minutes early but he held them over, talking about everything except the study questions for the next exam.
“One day soon, you’ll all be graduates searching for jobs, going on countless interviews, and wishing you were back here sitting in my class studying for this test! You’ll wish this was all you had to worry about,” the professor spat with a hateful, slightly insane smile. All college professors were slightly insane in Beth’s opinion. Did they really think their students, once free from four to five years of heavy studying and unpaid internships, were going to wish they were back in this little grey room aspiring for more tests?
Absolutely not!
Another four long, terrible minutes later, the class was finally dismissed. Beth stood stretching; she couldn’t get outside to the fresh air fast enough. The day had come and gone and it was now dark outside. There were hardly any stars in the sky, nothing for her itching hands to capture with her camera phone. Her classmates swarmed around her, walking in heavy fogs, half-asleep due to their late night classes. Surely there is something interesting afoot, if only for a moment …
All she could see was a couple near their college’s late night study cafe. Their age, either young freshman that were barely eighteen or almost thirty somethings still on campus to earn their doctorates, was unknown. She could only see their slender frames as their lips began meeting. The woman pulled away, giggling. Was this their first kiss, first physical encounter?
Before Beth even knew what she was doing, she slid the touch panel on her smart phone open, turning her camera app on. Holding her phone up, she watched as the man caressed the woman’s cheek and pulled her back to him. Beth clicked her phone, capturing the stranger’s lips meeting again, more desperately and heated this time. All thoughtless heavy passion took over in each of her shots. Then the two shapes melded into one, disappearing into a shadow as one of a hundred late night study hookup’s ensued.
I wonder if they even know each other?
Beth spied a few wondering eyes looking her way, her fellow business students questioning what in the world she was doing. Not only was she staring openly at a couple devouring each other in the distance, but she was taking pictures of it all. As if Beth was some kind of a pervert or something. Gosh it's not like I have my smart phone on zoom. She rolled her eyes back at those who questioned her, not caring what they thought. She wasn’t just a boring business major, she was also doubling as a photography major and now she had half of this week’s photography assignment done. Score.
She hurried home, not at all afraid of the night, moving to the beat of her stomach growling as she ran up her apartment stairs to her door. Oh my gosh! Please not tonight!
Beth’s footsteps came to a screeching stop as she came eye to eye with perhaps the most adorably handsome and most annoying guy on the planet, her neighbor, Sterling Johnson. He was most annoying because where he went the entire men’s swim team and a league of female bimbo groupies went with him. He was either always gone away at swim meets and all day practices, or he and the other swimmers were at his place next door, screaming, partying, and playing pranks on one another; keeping every neighbor that was trying to study and sleep up all night in the process. And because Sterling was the best swimmer their college had ever had—bringing their school tens of thousands in endorsements and the promise of him one day competing on an Olympic level—Beth and the other students could call and complain about the swim team all night and no one ever did anything about it.
Sterling was sitting, rocking back and fourth, on the ledge that was between their doors on the second floor. His light blue eyes made contact with Beth’s own blue pair, sending a shiver down her spine as she nearly tripped over her own two feet. The females that were standing next to him and the other swimmer by his side turned and made eye contact with Beth. The girls looked at her with, ‘back off, we got here first,’ faces. Well unfortunately for them Beth lived here and she had to get through.
“Hey, Bethany,” Sterling mouthed as he held his phone up to his ear, waiting for someone on the other end to answer.
“It’s just Beth,” she corrected him, pushing past the bimbo girls and unlocking her apartment. He always acted friendly with her even though they weren’t on a friendly basis in any way possible. She’d had to knock on his door many nights, screaming and nagging at his company to quiet down. No, they weren’t friends. Not at all.
The fact that he called her Bethany was so aggravating. She didn’t want anyone calling her that, most of all him. Yet, ever since move in day last year when their RA posted her full name for everyone to see, Sterling hadn’t stopped calling her by it. God, I loathe him.
Getting past the small crowd, she slammed the door behind her, shut her front window, and quickly started to make dinner. She had tons of photography homework and her only prayer was that she wasn’t woken up at all hours of the night by the hot, way too gorgeous, swim champion next door.

***



Her prayer went unanswered. Beth’s father always told her when prayers turned out that way it was for a reason. That God was working behind the scenes, doing something exciting. Well she found that hard to believe as music thundered into her apartment on Sterling's loud speakers like a friggin bomb was going off next door.
The beating sound actually made the photos and papers on her desk blow all over the place, like a storm was brewing. She called the RA’s, put a pillow on her head, and even tried earplugs, but none of it was working. Finally Beth knew she would have to take measures into her own hands.
She threw on jeans and an oversized coat to cover the fact that she didn’t feel like putting on a bra. Barely able to think, she rushed to the bathroom, combing out her long blond hair and pulling it into a ponytail. Why she felt the urge to look somewhat decent she didn’t know. She grabbed her camera off the wall, looped it around her neck, and chose not to think about it.
Stepping outside into the cold night, she marched quickly past one of the drunk swimmers that was talking to a gyrating, big breasted redhead at the front door. Once inside, Sterling was the entire party’s focus of attention. People cheered as he won every single beer pong round, forcing his rivals to drink until their stomachs blew and they vomited everywhere. So gross!
Beth turned her flash off and brought her camera up to eye level, beginning to take pictures and video of everything all at once, catching a dozen dreadful, slothful faces in every frame. She was looking for something truly incriminating, and it took only two seconds to find it.
One of the shorter swimmers with jet-black hair was smoking pot with a girl on each side of him. He took a puff and handed it off to the girl on his left who was admiring his swimmers muscles. The type of muscles and hard defined abs that made these guys feel like gods when they were merely just drunk mortal boys about to go down.
A few more snaps and Beth was satisfied. She turned around, taking more pics as she left, including a picture of Sterling’s face as his eyes met her camera’s lens. Snap! Beth bolted for the door, moving quickly, but Sterling was just as quick. He was on her tail as they stepped onto the porch near her door.
“What do you have there, Bethany?” he called after her as she pulled out her key. She wasn’t afraid of him. He was big and strong, a total jock tool, but Beth knew that he was not capable of hurting a woman.
“I don’t respond to Bethany!” she reminded him.
“Fine, what do you have there, Beth?” He stepped in front of her, gently stilling her hand on the doorknob as he looked down at her tired, frustrated face.
“What I’ve got is Sterling Johnson, future Olympic athlete, giving out pot at his party. Sounds like a headline that should sell decently, don’t you think?”
“I don’t smoke pot or anything else for that matter,” he told her honestly, his voice filling with what was possibly a little fear, or maybe the rise of a challenge.
“That’s not what these photos will say. Maybe you should try keeping better company.” She fought against his hand to turn her doorknob. His warm, gentle touch on the ice-cold knob was almost too much to bear. Especially with the way he looked at her, like he could see down to her soul. She forced her eyes away, trying not to think about his golden brown hair that still seemed soft and flawless after hours of partying and getting down. His dark blue sweater showed off how long, lean, and ripped his chest was. He he looked like Ryan Lochte, but with the abs and height of Michael Phelps. It was enough to make girls everywhere swoon, and Beth had to fight hard not to swoon herself.
“Ok, Beth, what do you want?” he asked her.
“A decent night’s sleep before my exam! It’s what all your neighbors have wanted all year, but you continue to party all the harder every time we ask for some consideration.”
“Ok, I’m sorry. I’ll turn the music down. Happy?”
She looked up, meeting his gaze, still majorly pissed off as she rattled the doorknob. He removed his hand but remained blocking her way as she opened her door.
“Come on, truce?” he asked her again, turning his voice all flirty. Gosh, did he get away with everything this way?
Before she could answer, a blast from the music still pounding at his place sent two frames on her wall crashing down. They landed onto a stack of photos, causing them to fly everywhere in a chaotic mess. A few of them actually escaped out her front door before she could chase them down. Sterling managed to catch one. In his hand, he held the still wet photo of the blurred couple kissing that she had shot earlier that night. He looked down at it, taking it in, and then to Beth.
Her face turned bright red as she ripped the photo out of his hand. “It’s for a class assignment,” she mumbled, embarrassed and mad at herself. “And unless you plan on shutting down the party, count on these photos—” She held up her camera, “—being all over the news tomorrow night!” Then she pulled her door shut, quickly slamming it in his perfect face.
About five minutes later, his music was turned off and she heard the shouts of the party moving elsewhere. Finally she could get some sleep and think of something else other than Sterling Johnson and the way his deep voice was enough to take her breath away.

***



“Come on Caleb, the party’s moved elsewhere,” Sterling told his best friend, as he helped him off the floor. Caleb was so drunk and out of it, there was no way Sterling was going to let him wander too far alone. 
“All the girls are gone?” Caleb asked confused.
“Yes,” Sterling laughed. “Do you see any of them around?”
Caleb moved his eyes from the left to the right, seriously searching like a drunken fool for a female to pop out.
“I don’t believe it.” Caleb hiccuped, as he rubbed his finger through his bright red hair. “Where you are, hot girls follow.”
Sterling half-rolled his eyes and grinned as he dropped his heavy friend and fellow swim mate onto the couch. Sterling’s reputation around this place had evolved into something he didn’t even recognize half of the time, and he never went for the girls that made it too easy. He chuckled as he stepped into the shower thinking about Bethany, the girl next door. The only one who had never made anything at all easy for him. That girl will always loathe me.
Halfway through his shower, as Sterling’s mind began to wind down from all the celebrating he and the team had done after winning their swim meet, he heard his phone go off. The ring coming from it was the ring he’d programmed specially for his sister. Given that it was the middle of the night, he knew something had to be extremely wrong for her to be contacting him right now.
He got out of the shower, not bothering to throw a towel around himself as he answered the phone. What he heard on the other end was enough to make his blood boil. 



Chapter Two

The next morning, Beth nearly ran into Sterling again as he was coming up the stairs from what had to be swim practice. Who could party all night after winning a swim meet and then get up for practice so early the next day? Beth shook her head in disgust and purposefully took the elevator to avoid him.
Later in Business Management, she took her exam while her friend Tara covered for her in their black and white photography class. Beth and Tara always covered for each other in classes, it was the only way they could both survive being double majors in classes that constantly clashed; they owed each other.
“I need a favor!” Tara called on the phone, panicked.
“Of course, anything,” Beth reassured her.
“My models for our intimacy assignment in photography just totally bailed on me,” she told Beth in a rush.
“You mean the assignment due today? In only a few hours?” Why did Tara constantly leave things until the last minute? This trait was probably going to cost her friend entry into Vivid Image Magazine’s big traveling photography contest that every photography graduate was gunning for. With that contest in mind, Beth had worked extra hard on her assignment all of last week and then edited in the blurred couple kissing from the other night for a final sizzling effect.
“Yes, yes, I know, I should have worked on it last night instead of partying, but now it’s due and I need you and one other person to play model for fifteen minutes while I snag some kind of passing shot.”
“Me, model? I’m sure we can find someone else—”
“I’ve tried calling everyone! No one answered except you, and I need you big time. Please, you’re tall, blond and beautiful, and the photo will be blurred anyway, so please?”
Twenty minutes later Beth walked into the photography studio, not excited and very time conscious as she heard the sound of cameras flashing.
“That’s great, really great,” she heard Tara say. Tara’s voice was strangely high, excited over something or someone.
Beth heard the sound of a deep voice chuckling and then asking Tara if she wanted him to take his shirt off.
“Yes, please!” she heard Tara squeak as Beth walked in. Again, Beth stopped right in her tracks, her train of thought totally gone by the sight of a half naked Sterling Johnson in front of a green screen in their photography studio. Beth had seen him shirtless a million times, but each time was enough to make her knees buckle. What was he doing here?
“Beth, great! You’re here. Now we can really get started. Would you by any chance be willing to take your shirt off, too?” Tara asked her, as Beth stood there flabbergasted.
Sterling’s smile deepened as he looked Beth up and down. “Yes, Bethany, by all means, please do.”
“Not in a million years!” Beth snapped at him, then she turned her fury on Tara. “What’s he doing here?”
“He’s the only decent guy who volunteered to help a photographer out as I trekked up and down the breezeway begging. What’s the problem?” She looked at Beth, demanding silently she play nice so Sterling wouldn’t bail.
Beth grabbed Tara tightly by the wrist and pulled her close, whispering, “I can not take a picture with him,” she hissed.
Tara looked at her desperately. “Please, you owe me.” She looked back and fourth from Beth to Sterling, who was pretending to check his phone with the biggest smile on his face, as if he enjoyed getting under Beth’s skin. “I mean look at him, he’s absolutely gorgeous. There could be worse jobs. It’s this or I take a photo of you tonguing your own hand,” Tara continued to whisper. “Please, it will only take fifteen minutes.”
“Fine.” Beth finally agreed. She walked up to Sterling and stood near him awkwardly.
“Fabulous!” Tara yelled as she not so gently pulled Beth’s hair out from its bun and fluffed it, before taking a step back and grabbing her camera. “Ok, look sexy!”
Beth made the mistake of meeting Sterling’s smile as he took a step two inches closer to her. He was silently laughing and she wanted to deck him. Tara snapped a few shots. “Ok, this isn’t smoldering at all. Can you guys, like, touch?”
Another step and Sterling placed his hand behind her back, his fingers making her shiver. He placed his other hand on her hip and moved closer still as Tara instructed him. Their foreheads were nearly touching as Beth tried to avoid his deep gaze.
Gosh, this cretin doesn’t just have a six pack or an eight pack, it’s like he has enough muscle indents to make an actual twelve pack! As if that wasn’t all, his shoulders and arms were long and strong.
“Beth? Hello, Earth to Beth.”
 She snapped her head up, embarrassed she’d totally zoned out.
“Will you do it?”
“Do what?” Beth asked. Wasn’t she surely doing enough?
“Take your shirt off,” Tara insisted.
“No way!” Beth snapped, taking a big step back out of Sterling’s arms.
“Come on, you’ll have a bra on which is practically like a bathing suit and that way I can get a picture of bare shoulders touching bare shoulders. Your face won’t be in it, promise.”
“What’s the matter, perfect Bethany,” Sterling whispered. “Are you afraid?”
Anger pulsed through her. The nerve of this guy. No, she wasn’t so much of a good girl that she was afraid; in fact she happened to be wearing one of her deep blue Victoria Secret bras that had the greatest push up effect. She just didn't think Sterling deserved to see her in it. But after his insulting challenge about her being too perfect and nervous, she made a thoughtlessly quick choice and peeled her shirt off, shocking Tara and Sterling both.
“My face ends up in this and you’re dead,” she told Tara as Sterling just openly stared, his gaze traveling from her cleavage to her face. Really, as if he hasn’t seen a full chest before. Beth secretly prayed she looked sexy. Oh, please God.
The way Sterling walked up to her was definitely different this time, it was like he was hesitant to touch her for a moment. And then there it was again, his warm, rough touch running down her spine. They looked at each other, two people who always got under each other’s flesh and refused to back down.
Tara began snapping photos as Sterling pulled Beth close. She leaned into him just to let him know he wasn’t going to make her nervously shiver this time. At least not where he could see anyway.
Tara went crazy, loving and oozing over every shot. “Can you put your lips on her neck,” she asked before Beth could say no. Sterling looked up at Beth as he did so, in an almost haunting manner. His lips were soft and gentle, and his eyes never left hers as he kissed her throat, giving her a preview of forbidden things she and this athlete could do.
Tara’s camera stopped. “Crap, the battery! Please—” She held her hands up frantically before Beth could move away. “Just give me two seconds!”
She rushed off to get a battery, leaving Sterling and Beth alone with each other. In what twilight zone am I really doing this right now? Beth wondered as Sterling looked back and fourth from her sexy bra to her face with a cocky smile, making her very annoyed.
“What?” she hissed at him with dagger eyes.
“Since I’m helping your friend out, do I get those pictures from my party the other night deleted?” he asked.
“Oh, so that’s why you're doing this?” she accused him. Of course Sterling Johnson wasn’t that nice.
“No, not at all,” he answered. She didn’t believe him. “I’m always willing to help a photographer out,” he told her as if that made perfect sense. It didn’t. “But will you?”
Tara returned as Beth looked up at him, wishing she had worn super high heals so he didn’t seem so damn tall and handsome. “No,” she told him. There was one week of school left filled with exams and she’d blackmail him the entire time.
He pulled her back, very close to him, until all skin was touching skin, as if to rebel against her words. Tara loved it, getting super close to them as she shot their bare shoulders and the bottom half of their faces. Beth had never realized how awkward and intruding it could be to be in front of the camera as the photographer went wild, breaking the third wall. Tara was so close as Sterling leaned down one last time to fake kiss Beth’s neck, and then in Tara’s last flash, he kissed Beth’s mouth.
His lips touched hers only for a moment, but the move made Beth go still. She didn’t expect how both hard and smooth, and pleasantly moist, the quickness of his lips would feel. Then of course, the shock wore off and she pushed him away angrily.
“That was great!” Tara screamed as she jumped up and down. “I’m going to have the best photos in the entire class! They're going to be SO HOT!”
Beth had her shirt on and hair up within two seconds. Sterling laughed as he slowly pulled his shirt on and walked past her. She expected him to say something cocky and crude, instead he only smiled as he rubbed his hand through his golden brown locks. “Since the first day I saw you,” he started to say, “I’ve dreamt and prayed about doing that. Guess God finally heard me.”
Then their school's legendary swimmer was gone, leaving Beth paralyzed. Not because she believed his comment to be true. It was ridiculous! He had access to every other girl on campus and Beth was a nerd if there ever was one. Yet talking about God and praying … How did he know those were the kind of random things that stilled her? What Sterling had just dared breathe couldn’t be true. And her lips enjoying his kiss, that couldn’t be true either.
I despise him!

***

Sterling left the photography building elated. He’d had the hots for feisty Bethany Jacobs since the day she’d moved in and he’d watched her climb their apartment’s roof to take photos of the stars. She was a photographer like his mother had been, but with the body of a blond, blue eyed Kate Middleton. She had perfect pouty lips and cheeks that turned red at the drop of a dime. Even the way she looked at him so crossly was sexy. It was enough to make him wish that everything he did didn’t absolutely annoy the hell out of her.
She didn’t respond to his flirting like most college girls. No, Beth had this deeper depth he found intriguing. He’d always wanted something to manifest between them before school’s end, but had pretty much accepted his fantasy would never happen. Until somehow, today, after he’d agreed to help a spazzing photographer, the girl of his dreams ended up being his fellow model. The girl he’d never truly be good enough for. So when the opportunity came to steal a kiss … who could blame him? If only he’d ever get the chance to steal more.



Chapter Three

Beth tried to forget about Sterling’s devastating words the entire last week of exams. He was away at a champion swim meet that was being broadcast all over. Even when he’s away I can’t escape him! When he returned after almost setting a new world record, he was surrounded by wild college swim fans as usual, making it easy for Beth to avoid him.
On the final day of black and white photography studies, she and Tara sat side by side. Their teacher handed them each a portrait face down, not giving any clues with her body language whether or not they had earned a decent grade, or whether she had qualified them for the Vivid Image post grad contest.
Beth froze when Tara turned over the photo of Beth’s cropped lips, shoulder, and neck next to Sterling’s. It didn’t even look like her mouth his full lips had landed on. Beth’s face turned bright red as Tara muttered “so hot,” and then went on reading her final grade.
Beth turned over her own photo. The photo their teacher had selected had been her favorite from the entire year. Beth was looking down at the picture she’d taken of a child on an African missions trip. The skinny refugee was looking up at the moon as it moved, causing everyone to watch as it covered the sun. Beth had been fortunate enough to snap the photo of a lunar eclipse. It was her favorite photo ever. At least this professor has some taste. She looked back to Tara’s photo. Maybe not …
Then Beth went on to read her final grade. An A! Not only that, her teacher had submitted her portfolio for the Vivid Image Magazine contest and they’d accepted it.
“Holy God, are you going to go?” Tara asked her.
Beth wasn’t sure. Going on this photography contest, that was also a chance for a future job, meant she would have to miss walking for graduation in order to be on a flight to New Jersey and then sizzling Miami, where the contest winners would be announced, this upcoming Saturday.
“Beth, you gotta go!” Tara urged her.
The only answer Beth could give her was a big fat, “Yes!” Beth was going to Miami.

***



“Going to Miami? You’re going to miss out on walking after five years of two majors, and a lot of hard work, for Miami? Are you kidding me?” Her mom nagged her on the phone as Beth packed everything up. It was raining and thundering hard outside, the perfect time to pack.
“Mom, it’s not like you can be here and this is a huge opportunity only a few get picked for each year,” Beth tried to tell her.
“Ok, explain this whole Vivid Image to me again.”
Beth rolled her eyes as she began to tell her mom for the third time. “Vivid Image, the largest photography magazine in the world, is allowing thirty-three northern college graduates the chance to compete in a one day, two state contest. All graduates who participate get their photos in the magazine’s upcoming student issue and the grand prize winner gets all their student loans paid off and possibly a traveling photography job offer. Mom, it’s so huge!”
“But if they offered you the job, Beth, would you really take it?” her mom asked her, stress in her voice. Did she miss the part about all her college loans being paid off?
“Of course, Mom, photography is my passion,” Beth tried to explain; it’s all she had wanted to do ever since she was a little girl.
“I just always thought you’d swing more towards a business type of position.”
She could still hear the nerves in her mom’s voice. It wasn’t because her mom was cruel. Beth’s father died on a mission trip and the thought of Beth traveling wore on her mother’s fears. But Beth was made to travel and do photography, and she could feel that in her soul. This place was not her home.
Thunder cracked and Beth lost reception. “Mom … Mom?” She hung up the phone and looked out at the rain through her front door’s small window. That’s when she spotted Sterling, alone for once, outside under their front deck awning. He was talking to someone on the phone in the rain. Figures he still has reception, thunder storm and all!
 She rolled her eyes as she looked at him, trying not to remember the shivering sensation of his lips tasting her own. He was facing halfway away from her, unaware of her presence. His face full of stress and anger. What? Has he got a swim fan knocked up or something? She found herself scooting closer to the door against her better judgment. Was it terrible to admit that as Beth preferred her own privacy, she didn’t always mind invading others as long as she didn’t get caught?
No need to ponder my flaws now, she told herself as she got within earshot. It was raining hard and she doubted she’d hear the conversation anyways.
“I don’t want to speak to another one of my dad’s secretaries! I want to speak to my dad!” Sterling was yelling over the thunder. Wow, she’d yelled at him several times for being too noisy, but she had never seen him get upset, not even once. His features through the small door window were livid. Beth actually pondered taking a picture she’d later blur out for a future assignment but then stopped herself. God I’m sick, she thought.
“He can’t talk, really? You expect me to believe he is not in there screwing his new—” thunder struck, stopping Beth from hearing, “—who he’s put in charge of pretty much everything over his children! Over my sister, who called me crying! She has nothing now.” There were more words exchanged, then Sterling laughed wickedly. “Oh, I’ll make him pay. Do you think I actually believe he cares about my swimming success? If he cares so much how come he hasn’t come to a single meet since I was ten!”
Instead of hanging up the phone, Sterling actually threw it over their apartment’s ledge. He was shaking. Dear God, I’ve never seen him like this before, she thought as she ducked under the window. She actually felt bad for him. Their college’s worshiped athlete had a father who hadn’t been to one of his meets in what, fourteen years? That was crazy. So was the sight of the usually cool and smooth Sterling angry as he stepped out into the rain and closed his eyes. Is he losing his mind?
Beth leaned her head closer, looking out the window as it seemed like something about him was changing mentally. As she took her next step closer, her front leg hit the door. Her heart raced but she told herself no one could hear her clumsiness over the sound of the pouring rain. She was wrong. Sterling’s blue eyes snapped open, making contact with her own nosey pair as she quickly ducked away.
Did he see me? Her mind panicked as she stayed crouched down for another full ten seconds. Why didn’t I use a camera lenses and watch this from afar! She thought to herself. A few minutes later Beth slowly peeked out the window again and Sterling was gone.
What Beth dreamed of that night was something she would never admit too, even if her life depended on it. She dreamt of being locked outside her apartment in the pouring rain and thunder. After many useless attempts to get inside, she turned to her neighbor, banging on his door. Hoping someone could help her get out of this downpour. No answer. Beth tried several more neighbors and nothing.
She ran under a half-broken ledge, crouching down, trying to hide her face from the rain. It was so hard to see. Then she heard a sound in the distance, the sound of a tree branch snapping … or perhaps someone coming her way.
“Hello?” Beth yelled. Then suddenly he was there, in the rain, soaking wet. Sterling Johnson. He was shirtless, like he’d been when they’d taken photographs together, and she felt hypnotized by the way the water slid off his chest. “Sterling?” She called out. “Do you know how we can get inside?”
Then he grabbed her, pulling her up into the rain. It was so chaotic around them, all they could see was each other. He pulled her close and instead of doing something useful he dared only to kiss her again … and then again. His arms were like electric shocks of lightning as they came around her trembling form. Then she was kissing him back and she couldn’t help herself any longer. The way he felt and tasted …
Then Beth woke up, sweating, unable to shake off what she had just dreamt. The truth was she wished she could go back to sleep so she could get more.



Chapter Four

She had arrived at the airport an hour and a half early. Going through check in and security had been a breeze. Now with a granola bar and computer tablet in hand, she sat outside gate C9 nervously reading an email from Vivid Image Magazine. Concentrate on this, not your dream last night! She commanded herself.
The email started out congratulating all the graduates in the contest for making it this far and showing interest in the magazine and it explained who this year's judge was over all the photos; a very young sexy-looking Latina woman who would meet them all at their second destination, Miami Beach.
Beth had never been to Miami, or Florida for that matter, and the excitement that shot through her was like drinking a double espresso. Her entire face lit up despite it being so early in the morning. She’d packed one bathing suit and some shorts and t-shirts. Hopefully that would be enough because all her other clothes were for more up north weather. This isn’t about clothes, it’s about pictures. She reminded her brain.
The next part of the email listed several places the graduates would be going before their final tropical destination. Some people would be going to Tennessee, Atlanta, Chicago, or the North Carolina mountains. Others would be going to Kansas City to photograph the damage from the recent tornadoes that had terrorized the area. Last but not least, the email touched on where Beth would be sent to; New Jersey. She would be there to capture the newly built city and how it had changed and remolded since hurricane Sandy’s kiss of destruction. It had been a good while since Sandy had touched down, but apparently there was still much more to be done. That’s what Beth needed to capture. This was right up her alley.
Beth didn’t get a peek of her competition until minutes before call for boarding; Sabrina Gomorra and Jack Farmers. Late as always … how professional. They were both the most wild and edgy of her college’s photography BFAs, and both were the professor’s favorites. They were also an off and on again couple, giving them an edge in this photography game because neither one of them would be alone this entire trip. They looked at Beth like beating her little lonely self would be easy. That sent an edge of competitiveness deep within Beth's pulse. Get ready... she thought. For once the cruel, overly confident, teacher’s favorites are going to be beaten.
Their plane’s seat numbers were called and they all boarded promptly. Beth kept her photography bag near her feet and wondered if the pillow she bought in the gift shop to lean back against as she edited made her look like a child. Sabrina made eye contact with Beth and the pillow and rolled her eyes. Her and Jack were in the seats across the aisle from Beth. Joy.
“Care to waist some time and play Mile High Club once we take off?” Beth heard Jack ask Sabrina. Gross!
Sabrina slapped Jack on the shoulder and giggled flirtatiously, calling him in with her fluttering eyes. “We have to concentrate on the task at hand,” she warned him. “But perhaps … ”
Beth closed her eyes against her pillow and faced away from them. The disgusting images they were putting in her head of the two of them wanting to hookup in the plane’s gross bathroom was enough to make her puke. Gosh, when is this plane going to take off? She thought as she tried not to think of her own perverseness from last night’s hot and sweaty dream. Kissing Sterling in the rain. Had her imagination gone crazy? Perhaps it was her subconsciousness’s final goodbye to a year long gorgeous and annoying neighbor because she knew she’d never see him again; unless it was watching him on a TV swim meet and that distance was just fine by Beth.
She heard the attendant call to whomever was waiting outside for standby. Beth was almost zoned out at this point until she heard a familiar high pitched laugh that sent her eyes bouncing open. Only one person laughed like that … the kind of laugh that shouldn’t come out of a man and stung your ears at all hours of the night. That was Sterling’s best friend and fellow swim mate’s laugh, Caleb Weiner.
Caleb laughed and bounced onto the plane, paying no attention to all the people in first class he was disturbing. “Told you standby and a Red Bull was all that was needed to get us here. Dude, we never fail!” Who Caleb was babbling to wasn’t revealed until they stopped in front of the seats that were right in front of Beth. Sterling Johnson! The world froze for a minute, and Beth wondered if she was back in another one of her spicy dreams. Was none of this real? Would a tired, slightly out of it looking Sterling push past the seats, pick her up in his arms, and ravish her again like he did in her dream last night?
A bright red hot flush went down her face as Beth blinked several times and then pinched herself. No! No! This wasn’t a dream. So what was happening? Caleb hoisted their luggage up onto the overhead as Sterling’s eyes first went to Jack and Sabrina, and then across the way to Beth.
“Hey!” Jack yelled at the swimmers. He had been in charge of all of this year's swim and sports photography, so he knew the guys well. “What the hell are you two doing here?”
“Plotting schemes and plans of havoc,” Caleb joked, and then Sterling did the oddest thing; he elbowed his friend, hard. It must have been because they were on a plane and you really shouldn’t talk about ‘plans of havoc.’ Sterling’s eyes returned to Beth’s, and he blinked just like she had, testing if she was really there in front of him. He looked surprised to see her and that made two of them.
“What are you photo nerds doing here?” Caleb asked Jack as Sterling took the window seat, putting him right in front of Beth. Awkward.
“We are here, all expenses paid, competing for a magazine called Vivid Image,” Jack bragged to Caleb. Beth noticed Sterling shake his head upon hearing the magazine’s name. Weird. This time Caleb elbowed Sterling as he continued to talk with Sabrina and Jack. “You don’t say … that’s cool. So that means you guys are all going from New Jersey to Miami Beach, right?” he asked them.
“How do you know where our final destination is?” Sabrina asked him, she had an interesting point.
“Anything with a grand prize of paying off student loans and getting to go to Miami Beach for free is worth remembering. I heard the contest mentioned over the load speaker in the breezeway yesterday, and it gave Sterling and I this great idea. Why not have a few days off before our next swim meet partying it up on the hot Miami shores and land of string bikinis? I have fraternity brothers in New Jersey, so the layovers no big deal to us.” He patted Sterling’s stiff shoulders.
Jack gave Caleb an approving nod, and then Caleb reintroduced himself to Sabrina as if she was Jack’s grand hot prize in life or something. Guy code was so transparent. All the while Beth sat there flabbergasted as she stared ahead at Sterling’s broad shoulders. He is going to New Jersey and Miami! What were the impossible odds of that? It didn’t make sense. Beth had prayed for no big distractions during this competition and had just been landed with the biggest, most annoying distraction of all.
And the plane hadn’t even taken off yet. 



Chapter Five

They were told all the turbulence would prevent them from using electronics so that stopped Beth from researching as much about New Jersey as possible. All she could do was close her eyes and pretend to sleep. At one point she was sure she heard Sabrina and Jack both getting up for the bathroom at once. A few people on the plane laughed at the sound of only one stall being open and shut, giving everyone a big idea on what was happening in there. Good God, it is like seven in the morning, is this really necessary? Then she wondered if Sterling was a part of the Mile High Club himself and grew even more frustrated with her head.
Sabrina and Jack’s unnecessary thrashing caused the newborn that was sleeping in the backseat of the plane to wake and start crying. The high pitched screams in the small space were enough to cause everyone to moan and gnash their teeth in despair. Beth’s eyes partially opened a crack, and she noticed Sterling turn and look back at her, as if to check and see if she was still asleep, then he turned and looked at Sabrina and Jack’s empty seats. Then over the screams and a half-dozed off mind, Beth swore she heard him whisper, “You really think I should do this?”
Caleb nodded and whispered back, “Hell ya, man.” Then he said some other words that were too hard to hear over the sound of the infant's tantrum. “You’ve gotta get some payback and finally prove your point once in your life.” Beth heard Caleb say next. What in the world were they talking about? Some kind of big swim scandal? “Especially if your inheritance is at stake.”
The two guys shushed up as Jack and Sabrina resurfaced. Jack was all smiles and tired enough now to sleep the rest of the plane ride, while Sabrina was getting nasty looks from everyone on the plane who couldn’t believe these college kids had the nerve to wake up a sleeping baby. Sterling and Caleb never said another word, and again Beth tried not to think about them. Focus, focus … soon you’ll be taking life changing photos.

***



It became easy not to think about Sterling the moment she felt the presence of someone sitting next to her in the empty seat. Her eyes popped open.
“Oh, I’m sorry mam, I didn’t mean to wake you,” said a smooth, deep, manly voice. Beth took in the view of the tall, cute Italian stranger that she had spotted in line for check in hours ago. “Do you mind if I sit here for a while. I have the seat next to the baby, and I can’t take it,” he said with eyes that looked like they had a major headache. Beth couldn’t blame him, she was getting a headache from the continuous cries herself right now and she was twenty seats away. And this guy was seriously hot! He was about thirty, wearing a nice business suit, and could pass as the Jersey Italian version of Mario Lopez. Immediately she sat strait up and removed the dorky pillow that was apparently a bad idea to bring. Please Jesus, don’t let me have bed head.
“No problem, I’m Beth,” she said with a smile as he reached out and shook her hand. He had a nice firm gasp. Hot …
“My grandmother’s name was Beth. What a beautiful name, it means temple right?”
Wow, he has brains too? “Ah yea, I think so,” she said shyly as she felt her face blush. At this point, she noticed Sterling turn all the way around and look at the guy who was sitting next to her, suddenly interested in what was happening. A thrill went down her spine as she wanted him to notice this and yet had no idea why?
“My name’s Jeremy,” the hotter by the minute stranger told her. “What brings you to New Jersey?” She told him a very short version of her photo contest, and how she needed to capture new things that had been built or re-built in Jersey since Sandy touched down. This got Jeremy started on his life in New Jersey and about his parent’s Italian bakery that was completely flooded, but now rebuilt on higher ground, and how the entire town came together, helping each other as they went up to a month without power in the freezing cold. His story sent a shiver down her spine. It was the kind of story Beth wished she could capture in a still image forever.
Then Jeremy mentioned how cool he thought it was that she was into photography and going for her dreams. Sterling didn’t turn his head again, until the pilot announced they’d be landing, and Jeremy suggested he give her his number just in case she got lost around the city. That made Sterling turn his head around and actually roll his eyes. How rude!
Beth choose to block it out; to not think about Sterling, the guy everyone wanted in their life. Who shouldn’t even be on this plane with her. Instead, she choose only to take in this totally cute, older, wiser guy. A man … and pretend the college boy she had been dreaming about last night wasn’t in front of her. After the number exchange, Jeremy went back to his seat and Beth’s hormones were stirred and excited for an adventure. A photography adventure! She reminded herself, as her fingers itched to hit her camera’s buttons.



Chapter Six

Getting off a plane and to the outside air always felt good, and New Jersey had fresh air like Beth wasn’t expecting. She was imagining a city like New York, with a touch of the TV show The Jersey Shore. Yet the air was fresh, the sky was blue, and there were lots of northern trees.
She went right into photography mode, all memories of the bizarre plane ride gone as she pulled out her camera and snapped everything that breathed. The coast of Jersey, the beach part, had been hit the worst and that’s where Beth needed to go. Looking at her watch, she warned herself she had four hours to do this and get back to the airport or she’d miss her flight and disqualify herself from the contest.
Oh the pressure …
She could handle it. Beth was a traveler. She’d been on mission trips in some of the poorest parts of the world as a kid, New Jersey should be cake. She hailed a cab and immediately asked the driver to take her to the worst hit areas still being rebuilt. He nodded like this was a common thing even though Sandy had hit the shores so long ago. Lots of time had passed and the world had forgotten most of it, moving on to other problems.
He drove past small cities and neighborhoods alive with construction. New roads being rebuilt, new plazas being put up on top of man-made new dirt hills of land. She got out of the cab when she saw a new giant house being constructed on the beach. It was being built up on this colossal supper dock that had to be almost twenty feet tall. A few feet away from where the men were building this, lay something that looked like a skeleton of a mansion that was there before this new one was ever conceived; its side walls and roof were in the water and had become a kind of sand dock. Why it hadn’t been removed Beth didn’t know, but what a photo. A new giant home being built up high, amidst an old drowned out house's bones. If another storm hit would this massive dock be enough?
Snap, snap … she took dozens of shots.
Beth was glad she wore running shoes as she walked through the sand, careful not to venture off too far from the main road. She could not lose track of time or an area with cabs. She stumbled upon a half-revived restaurant on the shore, where they were actually serving out of half of it as the other half was being constructed. People were laughing, children were playing, servers were moving with haste; all going about life with everything being reassembled around them. Beth snapped away, her camera was on overdrive and people looked up at her like she was a little crazy as she twisted her body in weird angles to get the right photos.
After almost an hour had gone by, and it hadn’t been a short drive to get to the beach either, Beth waited by the side of the road as she called a cab.
“Where would you like to go?” the driver asked her, and Beth truly had no idea. The Jersey Shore would be too obvious, that’s definitely where Jack and Sabrina would be heading, and Beth’s photos couldn’t be the same as theirs. They drove inland, by a massive university campus. How glad Beth was that she didn’t have to return to a building like this for more school. However, she did spy men walking back and forth from a truck, installing what looked to be generators into the grounds and basements of the school. This was kind of cool to get, the finishing details of a city learning to survive the terrible rumble of a hurricane.
She paid the driver and got out of the car, trying to look like just another student as she got shots of these men’s hard looking hands carrying new generators. Thank God for the invention of zoom lenses, Beth thought as she snapped intricate details. The clouds above her covered the sunshine, creating a dark shadow in all the pictures. Come on, come on, bring back the sun, Beth thought as she continued to take snap shots. Still in a shadow of darkness, Beth felt someone behind her and turned around, taking another shot. Snap!
A tall, heavy, rough looking character smiled at her, revealing a missing front tooth. “Hi,” he squeaked as Beth took a step back. Where in the world had this character come from? Had she been so consumed in her shots that he’d been standing there the whole time? “What a beautiful girl with a beautiful camera,” the stranger said as he stumbled, smelling of smoke and alcohol. Beth quickly looked around. The men across the street at the college were way farther than they looked to be through the zoom of her camera. She quickly glanced to the left and then the right … Beth was alone in the shadows. What had she been thinking?
“Do you want to take my picture?” the stranger then asked her. There was something not quiet right about him. Something void in his mind, alerting her that this guy who was so much bigger than her had some kind of problem. She took another step into the road, her feet ready to dart.
“Or how about I can take yours pretty thing?” he took another step, his hand reaching out, about to touch Beth’s camera.
“No!” Then she was darting away from him, across the road, through oncoming traffic. People honked as both she and the creep managed to make it across the street, but no one was stopping to help her. Her world became dizzy and panicked. The man was angry now, something perverted in his eyes. He grabbed again at her camera, trying to take it for himself. Steal it right in the grey of daylight.
This camera was part of Beth’s life. Her expression in a world of confusion, and her ticket to paying off her student loans. She pulled the camera cord, going in the opposite direction, pulling away from him as she continued to scream. Hoping someone, anyone, would come to her aid. No! Please God! I can’t get robbed right now!
The strap on her camera snapped, causing both Beth and the thug to fall. The camera came crashing down, landing inches away from her fingers. The creep actually stood back up, able to move way too fast for his lard filled body. His eyes were on the camera prize as he went to take it. She screamed again, desperate and shaking. Then suddenly a fist collided into the thief’s face.
Sterling’s fist.



Chapter Seven

Caleb had left Sterling a while back for the group of girls that were piled into his fraternity friend’s room, ready to start drinking in the middle of the day. Sterling, on the other hand, had hit the campus’s Olympic sized pool; ready to swim until his bones ached. He inhaled the air above the water in-between holding long deep breaths. He was trying to figure out what the hell he should do. Should he go along with his friend’s somewhat genius, and somewhat messed up, plan? Or should he spend the day in the water and then take the first flight back to his home campus and coach?
Coach Hurley would kick my ass just for thinking about this. For thinking of anything outside of training and winning. “Revenge and payback is nothing but a fools high,” his coach had always told him. Once out of the water, he walked outside into the cold shadowed air and looked at his watch. If they were going to go along with this, now was time to get going. I might as well forget it, just let fate be fate. He started to turn back to the indoor pool, when he heard a familiar scream.
Sterling turned, looking for the source of the sound. That’s when he saw her, Bethany Jacobs, the hot neighbor that had screamed at him a million times over to quiet down. She was here, on the university campus, laying next to the road as some big guy was moving in for her camera. Sterling’s swimmer legs plowed him forward. Muscles moving, adrenaline rushing, as anger shot through him before he could even process what he was doing next. His fist met the side of the guy’s face, sending his fat jaw wide open, spitting in shock as Sterling knocked him into the ground. He turned back to Bethany, every part of her was red and weak, her eyes tearing and that only angered Sterling more as the guy got back up and looked him up and down, making a decision. Sterling came back at him before he could make up his mind. He punched him again, hard in the stomach, and the guy yelped in pain. Something strange shone in his eyes as he whimpered away.
What does this douche have, some kind of an IQ problem? That didn’t excuse the fact that he was going to mug Beth right in broad daylight. Sterling watched him run, then turned back to his neighbor who was still on the ground. She reached for her camera and cradled it like an infant. He was down by her side in less than a second, getting his cell phone out.
“Can you move?” he asked her, his voice still hard with anger, as if ready for the thug to return.
Beth nodded but didn’t answer.
“Do you want me to call 911?” he asked her next as he gently pushed some of the hair that was draped over her petrified eyes out of her face.
“No,” she breathed and that’s when she snapped out of it, regaining the old Beth look of feistiness as she sat up. He helped her, getting her onto her feet, steadying her petite little body. “You, you … ” she looked at him in awe. “How are you here?”
“I took a flight here Bethany. I was sitting right in front of you,” he answered her slowly.
“I know that!” she snapped at him. “I mean how are you here, right before he … ” she was silent as she processed what that guy could have done to her.
“I was using the campus pool to get some extra swimming in. Don’t worry, I’m not stalking you,” he told her, and she looked at him like she wasn’t sure if that was true. Her eyes traveled up and down his still tense and angered torso as if recalling a memory.
“Don’t you want to thank me for saving you?” he asked her next. Still, even after all this, he could never do right by this girl.
“Thank you,” she finally admitted, then she blinked her eyes several times, holding her head. “God, I think I still must be dreaming,” she mumbled, sounding a bit crazy, but then again she had been knocked to the ground. Maybe she’d hit her head? He gently moved more hair out of her face as her eyes met his with nervousness.
“You sure you don’t have a concussion?” he asked her.
“I think I’m fine,” she said as she stepped away from him.
“Out of all places to photograph, you picked here?” he quizzed her, sounding a little more sarcastic then he meant to, but then again he understood more about this contest then she’d ever know.
“I found something somewhat interesting to photograph here, yes,” she told him matter-a-factly. “Not that you would understand anything about … ” she started lecturing him as she looked up at her watch, then she stopped. “Oh God! Oh God!” She let out a high-pitched whimper as she looked back and fourth from him to her watch. “We’re going to miss our flight!”
This was something he knew, and his non-sense of urgency heated her face in her usual mad at him mannerisms. “How can you just stand here? We need to get moving!” So maybe her yelling at him to get going was a sign the plan should take place? He didn’t know.
“Ok, calm down, we need to grab Caleb,” he told her and she shook her head, walking away from him.
“We don’t have time,” she started to say as he pulled her back to him. The movement panicked her further.
“If you think I’m letting you go off by yourself, on this campus, after what just happened … ” he told her sternly, his word on her safety becoming law. “We’ll grab Caleb and get going, but you're going to have to trust me.” She looked at him like she wasn’t capable, but the protectiveness in his voice seemed to stall her enough for him to take her hand and pull her towards where Caleb would be. In a room full of girls, booze, and trouble.



Chapter Eight

Beth could not believe she’d let Sterling talk her into this and waste precious time. He had saved her, but now she was in a world of insane madness. They found Caleb surrounded by three girls and he was trying to talk two of them into making out with each other. The sickness and weakness of boys needing more than one girl was enough to make Beth sick.
“Hey, bro,” Caleb smiled as Sterling pulled him out of the room like an annoyed older brother. “Does this mean we are still going for the plan?” Caleb asked him, not noticing Beth until Sterling silenced him. “You?” Caleb looked up and down at Beth’s still petrified frame. “What are you doing here? Or should I ask, what have both of you been doing together?” Caleb looked back and fourth from Beth to Sterling with suspicious eyes.
That’s when Beth let out an, “Are you kidding me!” response, keeping deeply hidden any desires she had for Caleb's best friend. At least she hoped she was keeping them hidden.
“Let’s just get going,” Sterling commanded Caleb like a dog as the two boys walked at a pace that was almost hard to keep up with due to their tall heights and long legs. Thank God Beth had been made to move. She eyed Sterling suspiciously as he called a cab.
“What plan is it you two keep talking about?” she asked him, hands on her hips. His handsome puppy face hardened, hiding something as he nonchalantly didn’t answer, frustrating Beth further.
“Shot gun!” Caleb yelled out as he hoped in the front seat of the cab. That meant Sterling and Beth were stuck sitting next to each other, and the space behind the cab did not look large. Sterling opened the door for her, his strong hands ushering her in as she buckled her seatbelt and tried to regain bits of sanity. She looked at her watch as Sterling sat down. More dread seeped in. “We are not going to make it,” she said as Sterling met her eyes.
He shook his head as he pulled out his wallet, and then said the strangest thing, “Have faith, if there is a way we’ll find it.” Then he handed the cab driver a wad of cash and in a deep stern voice told him they needed to get to the airport as fast as possible. However much he handed the guy, it made him blast off. The car went from zero to seventy instantly. If Beth had eaten lunch, she would have surely lost it. The cab driver began weaving in and out through traffic like a mad man, and almost running red lights over and over again.
“Wa-ho!” Caleb cheered, enjoying every second of the heart speeding journey. Beth gripped the hand rest in her door, not sure what to think of the whole thing. The driver sped through another yellow light. Cars honked as he made a quick turn through a busy intersection, the harshness of the turn making Beth feel like she was going to fall through her seatbelt onto Sterling’s lap. Her free hand grabbed the closet thing to it, gripping tight, until she realized that ‘thing’ was Sterling’s knee. “Sorry,” she mumbled as she moved her hand away.
He chuckled, reminding her with his eyes they had posed together shirtless a week ago for a photo shoot. That sent a rush of heat and fury to her face as she turned away from him, trying not to recall the brief contact of his lips on hers. The quick taste of him …
The cab driver screeched the brakes as they pulled up to the airport’s drop off, and before Beth could move to quickly to help with the rest of the cab fee, Sterling again took care of it. What, did the swim team’s sponsors feed these guys with cash or something? She thought as she said thank you and he and Caleb helped rush her through. They got right up to the ticketing area and that’s when the airport clerk delivered the bad news.
“I’m sorry kids but the plane is taking off now and you haven't even gotten to the security line yet.”
Panic and defeat pulsed through Beth, with regret at the forefront. Why hadn’t she just gone straight back to the airport after the beach photos? Why did she have to stop and take pictures of generators being installed? What had she been thinking? She had blown everything. Sterling turned to her, blue eyes meeting hers.
“Remind me of the rules of the contest again,” he asked her. She’d never told him the rules in the first place. He kept on talking, “You have to be in the lobby to check in by the time the CEO makes his speech right?”
“Technically yes,” she answered, not sure why that mattered now. Sterling turned back to the airport clerk. “Do you have any other flights leaving for Miami soon?” he asked the guy.
“Yes,” the man said after confirming it on the computer. “There is a flight leaving in forty minutes, but all three of you would have to pay for new seats and that’s very expensive to do half an hour before boarding,” the man warned them as if they were all just teenagers, they were all in their mid-twenties for crying out load.
“We’ll take them,” Sterling told the man. Beth looked at the five hundred dollar per ticket pricing and nearly went weak in the knees. She couldn’t afford that. College had drained her accounts of nearly everything.
“Sterling I can’t afford to … ” she started to tell him, but he ignored her as he pulled out his own credit card. There was no guarantee she’d be able to repay him, she was about to protest again when Caleb stopped her.
“Relax,” Caleb said as his tall side grazed her shoulder. “Sterling’s dad is loaded.”
Sterling didn’t say a word or meet her eyes as he paid the bill, but his jaw went a little stiff at the mention of his father. So, Sterling’s family was rich. Beth hadn’t seen that coming. He might have been a jock but he’d always acted pretty down to earth. Did he pay for everything amongst his friends she suddenly wondered? Caleb wasn’t even thanking him. She didn’t have time to mentally delve into this further, from there they had to rush again to security, and then practically run all the way across the large airport to their gate. When they finally came to a stop in line, Beth breathed what she should have been saying all along. “Thank you, I don’t know why you’d do all this, but thank you.”
Sterling leaned his head down close to her shoulder, whispering so only she could hear. “Maybe, just maybe, I’m not the annoying jerk you think I am.” His breath was warm on her neck, making her body want to shiver and her imagination want to stir. “Maybe I’m a decent guy.” His eyes met hers, as if trying to show her something deep within. She had to fight not to blink as this closeness reminded her so much of her dream. Of all her clothes wanting to melt right off …
“Maybe,” was all she could say back before their private moment was gone and the woman at the gate took their tickets.
“So we got two seats next to each other, and one in front of the other two alone,” Caleb started to say as he tried to read what his friend wanted. Again, their guy code was transparent.
“I better sit with Beth so some weirdo doesn’t come try to sit next to her again.” Sterling told his friend, and Caleb winked as he nodded. Weirdo. Beth’s thoughts went to the mugger but that guy hadn’t tried to sit next to her. Then she recalled Jeremy, the hottie from their first flight.
“The guy on our first plane was not a weirdo!” she told Sterling. “He was charming and a gentleman.”
Her defense made him roll his eyes. “He was a goof if there ever was one,” was all he said. That couldn’t be jealousy in his voice could it? They boarded the plane, and when Sterling went to lift Beth’s bag onto the overhead compartment she stopped him.
“I’m actually going to edit on the flight, but thanks.” He nodded and they both took a seat. She was pressed up against the window with Sterling’s arm touching hers. The way his skin was both cool and warm didn’t make sense to her, but even the smallest touch felt good.
Once the plane took off, they were finally allowed to turn on electronics. She wasted no time plugging in her camera to her laptop and getting to work. Beth started flipping through all her photos quickly, working with haste as she kept glancing at the clock. It was a two hour flight to Miami, then who knew how long from the airport. Would she make it? If she did, she’d have to have her top pictures ready to hand over to the magazine. She was feeling the pressure, and Sterling looking over her shoulder at every photo instead of watching the movie that was playing on the plane wasn’t helping.
“Wow, these are really good,” Sterling told her as he looked at the photos of the house shell, still halfway into the sea as people were rebuilding right next to it.
“Thanks,” Beth said. She kept on editing, trying not to look at him so she wouldn’t be distracted. “Hopefully they’ll be good enough.”
“Oh, I know they will be,” Sterling said, still looking at Beth’s work confidently, as if he could understand the art of good photography. Then he revealed something to her. “My mom loved taking photos, she even had her own photography business while she was alive. Taught me a thing or two.” His voice came out low and deep when he talked about his mom; there was a quietness to it, making her editing slow down as if something private was about to be passed between them.
“You’re mom passed away? I’m sorry,” she commented, her face finding his. This time it was Sterling who didn’t make eye contact.
“Don’t be, it happened so long ago. I was ten.”
“That doesn’t make it any less painful, I would know.” He turned back to her, as if this plane had become their own private space. Privacy amongst strangers was sometimes the most comfortable privacy of all. “My dad passed away when I was fourteen,” she admitted.
“What did your dad do, if you don’t mind me asking?” His face inched closer. Beth took a deep breath, trying not to get emotional.
“He was a pastor,” she told him.
“That makes sense,” he commented back, and she knew right away what he meant. What everyone always meant. Beth was a good girl or at least everyone assumed her to be. Sometimes that bothered her, but not today.
“So your mom had her own photography business?”
“Yea, she turned it into this big thing right before she died.”
“That’s why you like helping out photographers,” she said, putting the pieces together, remembering his past words at their photo shoot when she had thought he was being a smart ass.
He seemed to be thinking of the same moment as well. “Now you see I wasn’t lying.”
“Guess not.” It was amazing how both their minds switched from the voidness of death that they had in common, the loss of parents, to suddenly thinking about the moment when they had posed together half-naked a week ago. It was twisted how young hormonal minds could come on and off track so quickly. For the first time she felt like Sterling could actually be a friend, and half-smiles passed between their faces. A piece of Beth’s hair fell in her eyes and instantly Sterling was reaching across her, using his fingers to brush it behind her ear.
The move was intimate.
“I better get back to work,” she told him with rosy cheeks. Then she turned away from him and started editing like a mad woman. Doing anything but meeting the glimmer in Sterling’s gaze again. As she realized perhaps they weren’t so different … that was the scariest thing of all.



Chapter Nine

For an hour, Sterling watched Beth edit as she kept her eyes off of him. They were now only twenty minutes away, and right as she hit the save button the plane started to shake. Turbulence sent some people’s meals flying off their trays and woke Caleb and his loud snores awake.
The ‘turn off all electronics’ sign came on as the pilot instructed everyone to buckle their seat belts. They weren’t very far from Miami he told them all, they just happened to be flying into a storm. That was typical Miami, Florida. Of course it was raining when Sterling was coming home. Beth put her computer and camera away safely as their seats gyrated and bumped wildly.
The plane jarred to the right, sending Sterling’s hand onto Beth’s upper thigh, truly by accident. She felt so good in his grasp, her skin warm. Her face went bright red as he met her eyes. “Sorry,” he said as he moved his hand off her. Beth didn’t say anything, instead her body shivered right there in front of him, like she’d been filled with an electric charge, and that was so hot. Everything about Beth was hot, and it would be a lie to say he didn’t want her badly.
The plane jerked again and his hand fell to her thigh once more, resting there even higher. She didn’t push it away. The masculinity inside him roared to life, and it was hard to think of anything else but tasting Beth’s lips again. Of taking what he wanted even if it wasn’t right; even if he was here for the wrong reasons … reasons that involved Beth’s photo contest in ways she didn’t understand.
He didn’t move his hand off of her thigh this time, instead he waited as the plane stirred with more violent shaking. Waiting for Beth to give him an evil look or perhaps smack him across the face, which would be well deserved. Yet none of that came, and his imagination ran wild with things that would make Bethany Jacobs more than just blush. Imagining what it would feel like for his hand to go all the way up her thigh, reaching further …

***

Beth hadn’t been able to move or breathe. When Sterling’s hand rested on her thigh it felt … good. Good and dangerously wrong all at once. Was he interested in her? Did she want his hand to be there? YES! Her hormones screamed. The plane bounced as it went down, right into the heavy pouring rain. Welcome to Miami …
This wasn’t what Beth imagined when she’d first heard that famous song, ‘Welcome to Miami’ by Will Smith, as a child. She’d never thought of a bouncing plane, a ticking time clock photography deadline, or Sterling’s big hand on her leg and how good it felt. For a few moments it felt like they actually could belong together, and her body liked that idea. Snap out of it! she tried to tell herself, but the adrenaline of the plane ride and the heat of his hand was sending what felt like shock waves up her legs, making something inside her purr.
Finally they touched ground, and Beth dared meet Sterling’s hunter-like stare. He moved his hand but they kept glancing at each other, forbidden possibilities passing between their gazes.
“You two ready to roll?” It was Caleb’s voice that pulled Beth out of the trance first.
“Yep,” Sterling answered, and Beth dared to look down at her watch. They had twenty minutes to get where she needed to be, and everyone knew by the time all the travelers got the carryon’s down and slowly got off the plane, another fifteen minutes would go by easy. Caleb and Sterling were the first to stand in the aisle when they could, Beth wiggled her way between them with her camera equipment.
“Let me carry that for you,” Sterling’s voice commanded.
“You don’t have to do that, I got it,” she started to protest, but Sterling took the bags right out of her hand.
“We’ll get there faster if I’m holding your stuff, trust me.”
So she let him take her bags and the moment they were given permission to get off, the boys plowed through the small aisle, shocking some travelers as Beth followed. They were off the plane and in a fast jog in moments, and these swimmers could move. Sterling took the lead in front of them as Beth struggled to catch her breath and follow him through the crazy giant Miami airport.
Sterling knew his way around; they were to a row of taxi cabs in a few moments. Again he handed over a big wad of cash along with orders to get them to the Miami Grand Hotel as soon as possible.
“Yes, Mr. Johnson,” the taxi driver nodded, and Beth wondered how and why he knew Sterling’s last name?
Here we go … She thought as she took a deep breath and looked at her watch.



Chapter Ten

It took all of fifteen minutes to arrive. The difference between Miami and every other big city was definitely the sky she derived on the way there. Even on a dark rainy day, it was like you could still see bits of sunshine through the clouds. There were palm trees and green foliage laced between every building and graffiti covered wall; this definitely was a strange and beautiful tropical melting pot.
Humidity made Beth’s hair go super curly and wild as she hurried inside the hotel’s grand lobby. There were graduate students and clumps of people everywhere. It took her a full minute until she spotted Sabrina and Jack checking in with a woman in a black suit, they were receiving name tags. “You got this,” she heard Sterling whisper beside her, then he pushed her forward until she was in line right behind them.
Sabrina was the first to turn around, stopping right in her tracks when she laid her eyes on Beth. “You, how did you—” she started to ask rudely, but Beth pushed past her to the woman.
“Hi, I’m here to check in,” she said nervously, hoping to God that by some miracle she wasn’t too late.
The woman smiled politely. “Well you’ve made it just in time, what was your name?”
Beth let out a big breath of relief as she quickly gave the woman all her information. She really hadn’t thought she would get here. What were the crazy odds of everything happening the way it did? Check in ended with her handing over a hard drive of her edited photos, and she prayed they were really up to par, as she had been greatly distracted on the flight because of a different kind of heat that didn’t come from the Florida sun.
Beth found Sterling standing there in the middle of the hallway, as all kinds of graduates looked upon him and drooled at his tall swimmer’s body and his bright blue eyes. Eyes that were on her’s with a satisfied smile. Now what to say to the guy whom she’d spent all year yelling at, rescued her, and paid for her to get here? Oh boy …
“They let me check in,” she told him as he nodded with his hands in his pocket.
“See what happens when you trust me.”
What could she do besides nod, smile awkwardly, and try not to think about the way he was now looking at her. “Thank you so much for everything.”
“It was no problem, I needed to get here anyway,” he told her next, as all of Beth’s questions came back.
“You never told me why you and Caleb really wanted to come here,” she dared ask him. A half-serious look crossed his face, like he was still making up his mind. They were both standing so close now in the crowd. The doors to the lobby were being held open, making the whole room feel uncomfortably humid. Perhaps everyone needed to take a layer off. In Beth’s case … maybe a few layers.
The entourage the doors were being held open for finally walked inside. A group of ten of Vivid Image’s top magazine heads, here to judge the contest and give a speech to all the arriving graduates. The youngest of this entourage was the sexy Latina woman Beth had read about in Vivid’s email. She was in a short black dress and kept her sunglasses on even as she walked inside. They handed her a microphone as all the students were asked to form a half circle around the executives.
Beth turned to Sterling and Caleb, about to say goodbye, but found that both boys were suddenly gone.



Chapter Eleven

The woman who was in charge of the graduate photography contest and student issue’s name was Monica Gomez, all the contestants came to learn. Her speech was short, simple, and a bit emotionless as she congratulated everyone for making it this far. She explained that they needed to report to the hotel’s ‘Grand Palm Ballroom’ to print and hang all their photos. They also found out the top twenty graduates would be emailed the next morning if their photos were in the final round to be chosen. After Ms. Gomez finished, the next speech came from last year’s winner, and then a final long speech from Vivid’s grey haired CEO.
A short time later Beth stood in line behind three other graduates, waiting in a giant conference room as her photos printed. Then she’d have to mount and hang them gallery style. After that perhaps she’d collapse. She still couldn’t believe the manner in which she’d made it here. A day of travel and craziness was blurring as jet lag kicked in.
“That can’t be true,” one of the female’s in line behind Beth whispered.
“Oh it is,” another girl told her. Their whispers weren’t quiet at all. “Monica Gomez was a graduate photography winner only five years ago. She scored the traveling photographer job after she won and became personal assistant to the CEO’s daughter who used to run the student program. Three years into working for the company, Monica and the CEO were caught in bed together by his newest wife!”
“Holy crap, what happened?” someone else in the line asked the gossiper.
“The CEO’s daughter tried to have Monica fired from the magazine. Instead the CEO kicked his own daughter out of running the student program and gave her job to Gomez instead.”
Beth would have continued listening if it hadn’t been her turn to take her printed photos and walk off to her assigned space of wall. What a scandal if all that was true, Beth thought, but then again her mind was too much in a state of exhaustion from all the flights to think about it 
“Without wood a fire goes out; without a gossip a quarrel dies down,” her father would tell her if he was here. With that in mind she mounted her photos as professionally as possible next to her name; then grabbed her camera and snapped a picture of the set up to send to her mom. She said a prayer, hoping and praying that all this work and crazy adventure would lead to all her student loans disappearing. Please God … what a miracle and blessing that would be for any student who needed to pay off their bachelor's degree.
Soon after, she took the elevator up to her hotel room, finding the right door. She walked into the small and quaint tropical single and purposely fell right on top of the freshly made bed. She laid there for a few minutes, gaining some sanity and would have stayed there all night if it wasn’t for the fact that she hadn’t eaten since four that morning. After calling her mom, she quickly changed into her only bikini, shorts, and top. Down by the pool and the hotel’s beach there was an outdoor restaurant bar and grill. Her plan was to order a grilled cheese and call it a night.
Before leaving, she quickly looked in the mirror, making sure she looked alright. Feeling drab, she pulled her hair out of its long ponytail, shook it, and then looked at herself again. Trying to feel just a little bit sexy she spritzed on perfume. Why in the world does it matter how I look or smell right now? The answer was wrong and clear in so many ways … because Sterling could be down there. Of course he would be. Sterling will absolutely be at the pool, surrounded by hot gorgeous Floridian girls … joy.
Walking in a hurry, she made it past the large pool, putting her sunglasses on. She didn’t spot him until she was standing at the bar, about to order her food to go. Someone let out a load whistle behind her. When Beth didn’t turn the first time, she heard another whistle again. Turing around, there was Sterling at the furthest bar table in the back, sitting by himself. He’d changed into a long white, button down top. He wore glasses too, hiding his face like Beth was even though it was practically night. Through his light shirt, she could make out his ripped chest and swimmers arms. His full lips pouted as his face smiled, and he said to her loud enough for her and a few others to hear, “Do I really need to whistle again to get you over here?”
Beth walked up to him slowly, taking her sunglasses off. She was already feeling self-conscious in her shorts, and Sterling was staring at her legs. She could feel it. His gaze traveled up.
“I don’t respond to whistles, I’m not a puppy,” she let him know without trying to sound to bitchy; but somehow with him if she wasn’t shivering or tripping over herself in his presence, then bitchiness was always the easiest option to keep him away.
“How about hot food then?” Sterling held up one of his three plates. He’d ordered chips and guacamole, tortillas, black beans, and plantains, a full plate of chicken and broccoli, and he also had an over flowing Pina Colada in his hands.
“You ordered all that just for you?” Beth asked him. Each meal was enough to feed three.
“Yea, my eyes were a little bigger than my stomach,” he told her as he pulled out a chair. Beth sat down and leaned away from him nervously. She’d sit for a little bit, she owed him that much and more after everything he’d done, but then she’d get back to her hotel room. This being friends with Sterling was still unfamiliar territory.
“Can I help you?” One of the female servers came up and asked, as she eye’d Sterling with a side smile.
“Get this beautiful creature a Spanish plate and a Pina Colada please,” he answered for Beth.
“Wait, I don’t need that much, really,” Beth started to say as the waitress walked away, ignoring her.
“You’re in Miami,” he told her. “At one of the most famous hotels on the beach. Order the local food, trust me you will be glad you did.”
She was starving so she didn’t argue further, though she could have. “You seem to know a lot about Miami,” Beth told him, recalling how he knew his way around the airport and insisted the cab driver take a short cut to get to the hotel fast.
“I should, I was born and raised here,” he said as he took off his shades, revealing his ocean blue eyes.
“You’re from Miami?”
“Floridian all the way.” He took a sip from his drink as a giant white Pina Colada was placed in front of Beth. Her stomach growled loudly as she continued to smell his food while she waited for her own. As if sensing it, Sterling pushed his own plate in front of her.
“Dig in,” he nodded.
A little hesitant, she bit into the salted homemade tortilla chips that melted in her mouth, next she tried the sugary plantains and also the hot yuccas. She tried the spicy guacamole as more plates of food were put in front of her. It was all mouth watering and tasted magical on an empty stomach. She realized how hungry she was as she ate and ate, and Sterling joined her. They downed plates of food like pros and then Beth reached for her cold drink to combat the spice. It was strong of alcohol, something she’d usually hate, but in this outside humidly a cool drink felt good. All nourishment felt good at this point.
Sterling seemed impressed by her appetite as she caught him eyeing her. “So why move from Florida to go to school and train up north? This place seems perfect for a future Olympic swimmer to stay in.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “You’d think so, but Miami according to my family is all about art, expression, and photography. I was always the only one into sports and when my coach got an offer to train up north at our college, I went with him.”
“So how long has it been since you’ve been back here?” she asked over the Latin music that was turned on near the beach. People around them were drinking and dancing, the area filling up with more bodies by the minute. No wonder Sterling was always a party animal. Now that she knew he was from here, it made sense. He blended in with this tropical oasis. Florida was hot and breathtaking, even after a rainy day, and so was he.
“A year. Ever since my older sister moved out of the area I’ve had no reason to come back,” he said as his eyes drifted from her, talking about his family as if there was some sort of grudge.
“You have any other relatives here?” she dared ask him next as she looked around. The dancers on the beach in the moonlight were beguiling. They moved to the rhythm of the night like pros. Not knowing when she’d ever be back here, she pulled out her camera phone and began snapping pics. Sterling probably already thought she was weird, what would taking more photos of strangers matter.
“Only my father, but we don’t really talk much,” he told her as she snapped pictures. She turned back to him, the two full Pina Coladas she’d drank made it hard to pay attention. “I’m sorry to hear that,” she answered. He shrugged as he looked from the photos on her phone to her body language.
“Want to dance, Bethany?” he suddenly asked her, his eyes lit up with daring excitement.
“Oh no, I can’t dance,” she answered as she felt both her face and chest turn bright red with just the thought.
“Everyone can dance,” he tried to tell her as she shook her head. “Come on, one song, I promises it will be fun.” He stood, getting closer to her and looked down into her eyes. Why did he have to be so tall and breathtaking? Beth found herself standing up too, just to distance herself from his closeness, but then he took her hand. His warm touch made something inside her chest dance as he pulled her gently towards the dance floor. Soon they were in the middle of it and there was no way out.
Oh God, how did I get here? She thought as she tried to move her body, awkwardly clashing with the Miami locals that were grooving like they were on Dancing With The Stars. No amount of alcohol would have taken her fright away until Sterling spun around her, moving to the beat in the goofiest manner she’d ever seen. People around them looked and laughed at his silliness. You’d think this golden boy would be a pro dancer but that was not the case at all. His moves were silly and dorky, suddenly making Beth’s dancing look more decent as she tried to help him look normal. Sterling didn’t seem to care how bad he looked, as people laughed at him he laughed at himself. Gaining some of the crowds applause, Beth’s swaying and shaking to the music suddenly didn’t feel so awkward. After a few moments, everyone forgot about the two silly dancers and Sterling took ahold of Beth’s hands as they danced together some more. Their bodies touching as the moonlight was covered by clouds and the music spiked louder as they all partied in the dark.
Sterling pulled Beth to him even closer, his dance moves becoming solid and clean. She wondered if his bad dancing had been a way to relax her, but didn’t have much time to think about it because they were moving so close she could practically feel his breath down her neck again. Her body reacted to an electric pulse every time their bodies touched. He lifted her arms into the air and then traced his own hands down her until his fingers were gripping her sides and holding her hips. His head was leaning further and further down in the process, getting close to Beth’s face.
Her heart was beating against his chest a million miles a minute. This kind of thing shouldn’t have been happening, but it was and her body could barley handle it. She trembled against him as her hands fell against his shoulders. It would have made every kind of sense to pull away, instead he whispered, “I really want to kiss you right now.”
Beth didn’t know what to say, she’d lost her voice, her ability to talk or think. Then he lowered his face to hers, his full lips grazing hers once, then twice. Then he pulled her even closer, up onto her toes, her body molding into his as his lips grazed over hers again, and then her mouth parted and they were truly kissing at last, and it was fantastic, better than her dream as she surrendered to him.
Their kiss grew deeper and only until Beth finally needed to breath did she pull away. Sterling still held her up on her toes, gently in his arms, as he evaluated her shocked face. Their eyes met again, and Beth wanted to feel those incredible full lips of his against hers. She wanted him all over her, devouring every part she had. His hungry eyes seemed to glow just as impressively as the moon above him.
“I have to go.” It wasn’t what Beth wanted, in fact it was the sheer opposite. She wanted Sterling more dangerously than she had ever wanted any other guy. Wanted him pulling her close again, tasting her, but instead like a perfect gentlemen, the moment she spoke he let her go.
“You have to go now?” he asked her over the beat of the song, disappointment in his voice. She felt like a part of her soul was breaking.
“Yes, I have to go.” Then she turned away from him quickly. Leaving him in the dark, she darted back towards her hotel, never looking back.



Chapter Twelve

She tossed and turned in what was the most comfortable, softest hotel bed she had ever laid on. Eyes clenched closely tight, she tried to sleep. Tried to find that exhaustion that had plagued her earlier. Four hours had gone by, it was almost two in the morning, and Beth’s mind was awake and alive. Thinking about Sterling, about their kiss, about his words … His voice haunting her in her head, telling her imagination over and over again that he wanted to kiss her.
A whole year of loathing but now she saw it all so clearly. She’d wanted him from the moment she’d ever saw him. Her body hungered with excitement over things it could have done; could be doing right now. This was so wrong, wrong on every level, but she was fevered with want and wanted it all this second.
She sat up and tried to watch TV. When that didn’t calm her she checked all kinds of boring social media on her phone. Nothing was useful. Nothing equaled what was happening here in her real life. What did Beth do when she couldn’t calm her mind? She prayed and then edited photos. It was a geeky fact but that was her, and it was exactly what she needed to do right now.
Grabbing her laptop and throwing a sweat suit on, hair in a messy bun, she headed down to the hotel’s second floor where there was a wifi room for guests right next to the hotel’s gym and sauna. There was barely anyone around, most of the floor vacant except for the sound of one or two machines clicking back and fourth in the gym. What kind of people worked out at two in the morning? Beth couldn’t imagine. Crazy people like herself clearly.
Opening up her laptop, she plugged in her camera chip and began editing old photos from school. Her mind wanted to enhance and pick apart the few photos she’d taken in Miami, of this crazy city. Of the couples dancing earlier … right before she and Sterling had … No! No! No! She stayed away from that. After a while, she began feeling relaxed as she edited away. These were the kind of moments when she knew without a doubt she was made to be a photographer. What other kind of people were calmed from staring at pictures in the middle of the night?
The sound of a high pitched giggle made Beth turn. The wifi room was full of windows and she could see a couple coming out of the gym, laughing as they raced to showers together. Beth’s mouth dropped open when she recognized one of their faces. It was none other than Caleb, his laughing screech making her stand right up. He was unaware or didn’t care that anyone was watching him. His lips moving down a beautiful woman’s neck who had the body of a fitness model; their sexiness was over the top. They felt each other up right out in the open. Stopping short of the shower room for a moment, the woman’s hand ran right over his package as he backed her up towards the door.
The shocking scene took Beth’s mind right back to where it had been less than an hour ago. When she was in her room, unable to sleep, her imagination giving into every fantasy one could ever have about Sterling that was possible. Immediately Beth’s heart started beating, alerted that what she was thinking was wrong. That Miami was casting a spell on her, a spell on everyone here, as she watched Caleb and this over the top sexy Latina wrestle each other against the shower doors passionately. Caleb was kissing her neck again, revealing a full shot of the woman’s face. Oh my gosh! It couldn’t be … Monica Gomez.
Beth blinked, she was seeing wrong. No, it was her. Monica Gomez! Caleb was swapping tongue with the woman who was in charge of Vivid’s photography contest! The same woman, only five years their senior, rumored to have had an affair with Vivid’s CEO and was engaged to him now.
Caleb finally pushed her into the showers and they disappeared. The sound of their bodies coming together in passion echoed down the hall. Holy crap, I have to get out of here! Now Beth’s mind was split and tangled, thoughts of her own yearnings mixed with thoughts of what this woman could do to her if she knew Beth had seen her with Caleb. Could it jeopardize Beth’s photos in the contest? That was probably a ridiculous notion, but with her mind in so many directions, it was definitely time to go.
Of course the elevator was right across from the showers. Beth hurried, pressing the button for it to come to her floor. As she waited impatiently, she heard the drumming sounds from the shower stopping. Had everything ended that quick? God, where is this elevator? She pressed the button again, trying to rush it to come.
“Promise me you won’t tell anyone?” she heard Monica say to Caleb as they were coming towards the shower doors.
“Who would I tell?” She heard Caleb confirm.
Beth pressed the button again, the elevator wasn’t coming. It was too late. Both Caleb and Monica were going to see her. Overly panicked, Beth’s eyes found the closest room next to her, the hotel saunas, and dived in. Inside the dry heat, feeling ridiculous, she waited until she heard Caleb and Monica get on the elevator that finally opened and leave the floor. She also thought she heard the sound of a camera flash … but that wouldn’t make sense. I’m a photographer who is hearing things.
She opened up the sauna doors, beginning to sweat as cool air poured in around her from the hall. She had been in a sauna in sweats, what was she crazy? She pulled her jacket off, revealing her tiny shirt underneath it just as she heard someone walk by.
“Yea, I got the photo. It’s all taken care of, but man Sis I don’t know about this?” Said a deep, sexy, slightly burdened voice as someone came out of the gym room behind her. She’d recognize that voice from anywhere. It sent shivers down her spine, haunting her as Beth picked up speed, walking away quickly before he could—
“Bethany?” Sterling spotted her. Perhaps it was the sudden dash away that caught his attention. She heard him get off the phone as Beth stilled in her tracks, deciding to turn around even though right away she sensed trouble; the best, most delicious kind.
She turned and made eye contact with his lightly worked out, man in shining armor form, and right away she felt tiny and a mess. Her hair was in a bun, her face void of any makeup, and part of her midriff was showing. Why would this guy want her, in this state, when she’d been rude to him since the day they’d met? Yet he walked towards her, his eyes looking her up and down, over and over in amusement; going from her tiny top to her flushed face.
“What were you doing coming from a sauna at four a.m.?” he asked her, a puzzling smile settling over his face.
What to say that wouldn’t make her sound like a complete loser? “I was editing photo’s, I only stepped into the sauna for a moment.” Yep, a complete geek that’s what I’ve just told him I am. “What were you doing?”
He was hesitant before he answered. “I … was working out.”
“At four a.m.?” she asked him back, trying to make him sound partly crazy as well with no luck.
“I am suppose to be training for the biggest swim meet of my life next month,” he reminded her.
“Good point,” she said, her mind suddenly remembering something. “Crap,” Beth brushed past him, their bodies bumping in awkwardness, making butterflies in her stomach topple over as she remembered she left her laptop in the sauna room! Thank God it was a dry heat sauna and not a wet one. “I left my laptop in there,” she explained as she heard Sterling chuckle. Beth popped in the hot room, grabbed her laptop, and then spun back around into the hall. Sterling was right behind her and she almost bumped into him again.
She planted her feet into the ground stopping short, hugging her laptop as she stood against the sauna door only a few inches from him.
“You’re adorable you know that,” he told her like she was a small child.
Irritation filled her voice. “Are you making fun of me?” Her hands would have flown to her hips had they been free.
“Maybe,” he chuckled as she hit her hand against his arm; the move coming out playful; a new comfort between them that had never been there before. Beth felt her face turn bright red again as Sterling moved even closer to her, leaning one of his hands against the door behind her.
“If I over stepped by kissing you earlier tonight, Bethany,” he started to say, his voice turning gentleman-like and serious, “I’m sorry.” He held her gaze for a moment, and she was unable to breath. Her insides trembled, knowing what could come next. What she wanted to come next.
“Don’t be … ” she couldn’t think of what to say. “ The kiss was nice.” Everything inside her raced. Her answers were dorky, but it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered, except Sterling’s eyes deeply set on hers as he leaned his head down. Closing the space between them, his lips met hers again, kissing her lightly for a moment, gaining her silent permission before he grabbed her close, pushing up against her, kissing her more roughly. He was hungry for her and wanted more, and so did she.
Her body radiated with excitement. His hands fell down around her, finding her waist, her hips. Then one left her as it reached for the doorknob by her side, opening the door behind her as he walked them in. Their faces separating only for a moment as she took in that they were really alone together in a dark sauna, and they were making it hotter.
It was her that kissed him this time, pulling him back to her. Surprising them both, because she wanted this. Her body and her soul wanted this and there was no going back. Their tongues in unison as his free hand sailed up to her breast above her shirt and then sank down before coming back up to feel her again underneath. Her heart was racing, her body shaking, exploding as she let out a sigh when their lips parted and he began to kiss her neck. He took her down to the sauna’s laying area and as they came down onto it, wrapped into each other, his hand that was gripping her waist sunk lower, coming down between her. A part of her was squirming and exploding between her legs; anticipating his fingers as they explored.
Her body shook, as they kept kissing, sweat dripping down them both in a breathtaking exchange. It was like a scene from a movie, the walls around them starting to fog from all the heat building in the room. Beth let out several more gasps, and then his hands were up, coming around her again. Lifting her with him as he stood. He was carrying her, her body wrapped around him, as their lips still danced with one another.
Outside the back door of the sauna cool air stung them; coming all around, consuming as he carried her to the hotel’s small indoor pool room that connected to the sauna rooms. They were still alone, only themselves and a year’s worth of unresolved attraction and tension on the loose. He walked them a few steps into the pool. The water only grazing her feet lightly, cold against her overly hot skin. The shock of it brought her out of their kiss as he steadied her down off him. They were both standing a few steps into the water, uneasy on what they were supposed to do or say. Who could think when all they wanted was more?
“Is this ok?” he asked her, his voice heavy as he grazed her lips again. She nodded, needing his warmth as she pulled him back to her. Her hands searched underneath his gym shirt, feeling his hard abs and all their indents. He peeled his shirt off in two seconds. Gosh, was someone this good looking really kissing her so passionately like this?
Then he peeled her own small shirt off, revealing another one of her lingerie bras as he kissed her neck excitedly. They went completely into the water, keeping each other warm as she felt her sweat pants, so loose in the water, fall off. Her skin feeling just how big and alive Sterling’s was. He took her down, further into the pool against the wall. His hands exploring her again, making her thrive and scream, and then he was fully inside her, so large, and they were one.

***



Nothing came to an end in pool, in fact that was only the beginning. They rode the elevator up to the top floor of the hotel and it opened right into Sterling’s hotel suite. Then they were doing it again … unable to stop. Exhaustion didn’t come until they’d done it several more times, and then sleep entered their minds like a plague; deep, deep, sleep. Beth dreamed about her and Sterling back on campus, kissing in the rain. Melting with it as it poured down, altering them both forever. Little did she know that after their one night in Miami Beach, nothing would ever be the same again.



Chapter Thirteen

Sterling had come here with a plan and his sister’s approval of that plan on the phone, his best friend Caleb in tow to help him do the dirty work. They were suppose to prove something, even though his instincts told him it was all wrong; all of it. His coach, who was more of a father to him than anyone, would be so disappointed if he knew what Sterling was really up to.
Then she, Bethany, the beauty that lay in his arms; she had turned up everywhere, haunting his every move. Taking over his mind. His want and attraction for her winning over everything. He awoke before she did and stared at her raw beauty. She was a breathtaking, innocent girl, inside and out, and he wanted to do right by her. So, he moved slightly, carful not to wake her as he found his phone on the floor near his bed. He sent a quick text to his sister, telling her the plan was off. As the phone’s light made Beth’s eyes start to open, he quickly turned it off.
She took a deep breath when she realized she really was waking up next to him, in his bed and in his arms. Her facial expressions so easy to read, nervousness and uncertainty were flooding her now. He felt her pulse through her wrist in his hand speed up as she stared back at his naked form, twisted in the hotel sheets.
“We really did all that didn’t we?” she asked him, half worry and half astonishment filling her voice.
“Yep,” he said gently as he moved the strand of hair that was falling over her face behind her ear. Didn’t she see that she was so hot … so beautiful?
“What were we thinking?” she asked him next.
“I don’t think we were,” he said with a gentle smile and then slowly kissed her lips once more. Making her shiver in his arms, their kiss deepening as it calmed her down. It was like their first kiss all over again. Her body calming in their embrace as she lay next to him, both of them truly not believing this dream but enjoying the moment.
A few seconds later she jolted up, away from him. “Oh God, the photo contest! Can I see your phone?” she said in a panic. As he handed it to her, he quickly wished he’d deleted that text he sent to his sister. Beth flipped away from it quickly, hopefully not understanding what it could mean. She pulled up the internet, going to Vivid’s website, and pulled up the list of the graduate finalists who were announced this morning.
Sterling saw Beth’s name on his phone right as she did. Then the biggest, most unbelievable smile filled her face as she gasped, “I made it, I’m in the final twenty!” She kept staring at her name, not believing it as Sterling sat up, his arms coming around her shoulders as he kissed her neck.
“I knew you would,” he said, proud of her because he could have helped secure her name in this contest but he hadn’t needed to. Beth had done this all on her own. She was a truly great photographer.
“Let’s celebrate. Let me take you to a nice breakfast,” he offered, hoping she wouldn’t want to distance herself from him the way most people usually did the morning after waking up in bed together.
“Ok,” she said hesitantly, looking deeply into his eyes as her face flushed red with nervousness. Beth smiled, really smiled, and then she pulled his arm, bringing his body back to hers as they kissed, a real deep kiss. Beth was finally happy, he could see it, taste it, and he didn’t want the real reason he came to Miami to ruin that for her.
They kissed like they’d never kissed anyone in ages.

***



Later that day Beth got out of Sterling’s shower. Looking at herself in the mirror in awe, she practically didn’t recognize herself. Was she really in the penthouse with Sterling Johnson, showering after a night of becoming lovers? What did that say about her and her morals? It had all happened too fast, and she knew it, but everything still felt so oddly good. Like she’d entered a new chapter of her life unscathed. Her photos after yesterday’s craziness were really in the top twenty, and her and Sterling were actually good together. More than good, her body still felt a kind of left over high from last night. A high she’d never let herself feel before. God, who am I? She thought as she looked at herself.
Her stomach growled in response and that was enough to get moving. She dried off and dressed in the hotel’s robe, her clothes from last night were still wet so that was a no go. She’d given Sterling a key to her room and he said he’d be back with some clothes from her suitcase in a few minutes.
When she heard the elevator open, she left the bathroom to go meet him, but it wasn’t Sterling standing in the penthouse room. Beth jumped back, going back to the bathroom quickly, freaked out and hoping she was unseen. She wished the old man in Sterling’s room was a stranger, but she recognized him. It was Vivid’s CEO! Beth had seen his picture in the magazine half a dozen times and distinctly remembered him giving a speech after Monica Gomez’s speech yesterday. Why would he be up here? It didn’t make sense. 
Why? Oh why, would he be here? Oh God!
The elevator behind him reopened. Sterling stepped into his suite and then stopped when he saw the intruder.
“What are you doing here?” Sterling demanded, his voice becoming emotionally heavy and pissed.
Beth stayed in the bathroom, hiding and not understanding until the CEO breathed, “Well you charged the penthouse and all your out of control airline spending to my account. How did you think I wasn’t going to find out that you were here … Son?”



Chapter Fourteen

“Don’t call me son,” Sterling answered the man coldly.
Beth stayed still in the bathroom listening, not believing what she was hearing as everything she thought she understood changed.
“Well I am your father, despite the fact that you’ve used your mother’s maiden name ever since your swimming hobby took off. Thanks to my help might I add.”
Sterling’s face turned fiercely red, and Beth had only ever seen him mad one time before this, when he was on the phone many nights ago when she’d watched him outside her room, yelling at someone in the rain.
“Swimming ‘hobby,’ Dad? Swimming’s been my life since I was eight. Even when Mom was so sick that she was losing all her hair, she still made sure everyday that I was taken to swim practice because she believed in me. Where were you when she was sick? Oh yea, that’s right, you’d already left her by then and had taken half of her company from her!” Sterling’s eyes were so mad, his whole demeanor distorted upon confronting his father.
“Vivid was our company. Your mother and I both poured our lives and savings into this magazine. My half was more than owed to me.”
Sterling laughed. “Well you’ve given over half of your half away in your many divorce settlements. I guess Monica Gomez will be the next woman who gets a piece of the pie when you marry her without a prenup, like you have all the others.”
“Don’t you dare bring my future wife into this!” his father yelled back at him, his blue eyes just as fierce as Sterling’s, making them suddenly look very much alike. Sterling’s dad was ancient and worn down but Beth saw the resemblance loud and clear.
“Your future wife could be your oldest daughter’s younger sister! I still can’t believe you fired Stacy for that whore! Taking away her piece of the magazine for some ass, you’re disgusting!”
“Oh, you think you’re so high and mighty,” his father flung his hand at his son, dismissing him coldly. “You wait until you’re my age and see what decisions you’ve made. You wait until a few years from now when you get some girl pregnant that you’re not even prepared to be with. Why do you think I married your mother and stayed with her so long? To do right by Stacy and then by you. And how do you kids thank me? You don’t even carry my name or support the magazine’s events. Until you grow up, why don’t you lay off my company’s accounts or I’ll have your inheritance garnished all together!”
With that the man was gone. Sterling smashed his hand into a vase on the suite’s marble table, causing it to crash and shatter all over the floor as he stomped into his room with all his muscles bulging in anger.
Beth’s stomach sank, he probably had forgotten that she was in there. With her clothes on the table, not knowing what else to do, Beth quickly got dressed and pressed the button for the elevator. She needed to wrap her mind around things. All the bliss she was feeling had evaporated. Sterling had withheld a truth from her. He was the CEO’s son of the contest she was currently a contestant in. What else had he lied about? What else was going on? God, what had she been thinking? She’d slept with a boy she’d lived next to all year but barely knew. The morning after honeymoon was over as reality and feelings of regret hit her like a smack in the face. God, if her family only knew what she had done. She’d had a one night stand in Miami when her mind should have been on work.
She held her head down in the cold elevator, trying to think. Before it got on her floor, it opened two floors above hers and Sabrina and Jack stepped inside. They pressed the button for the lobby. Jack seemed happy enough. Beth had seen his name in the top twenty this morning. Sabrina on the other hand had eyes that were stained red and puffy, she looked just as big a mess as Beth. When the two girls made eye contact, Beth knew things were about to get even worse as Sabrina’s temper and bad sportsmanship took over.
“You! Your photos weren’t even that good. A house in the New Jersey water, who cares! How the hell did you make it to the top twenty and not me? You didn’t even make it to the plane on time, I know someone inside this contest had to be helping you!” she spat bitterly. “Your spot on that list should have been my spot! There’s no way you got this fairly!”
Beth stood there speechless. Any other day she would have ignored Sabrina’s insults but as Jack shushed her, Beth’s entire insides shook. The elevator stopped at her floor and she got off slowly, waiting for the door to close behind her until she sunk down on her knees. Her breath gone. Sterling, her lying knight in shining armor had long forgotten her.
Yesterday had he insured her photo in the contest? Pulled some kind of string behind his father’s back because he wanted to sleep with Beth? Had sex and not her photography gotten her all this? Beth felt lost, lost and shamed because she’d trusted someone she knew was bad, bad from the start, and she now questioned if her top twenty photo was a cheat.



Chapter Fifteen

Caleb was hungover and confused as he stood in the lobby in a long line for coffee. The whole point of this trip was to help Sterling prove to his father that his new fiancé was a super sexual philandering cheat. Caleb had gone out with her last night, and Sterling had captured the heated snapshot of the two of them together. He was looking at it on his phone as he read over his text that the plan was off.
“What the hell?” Caleb mumbled confused as Sabrina and Jack got in line for coffee behind him. Sabrina was ranting and raving about something and Jack was ignoring her as usual. Women …
Despite Sterling’s instructions to delete the photo, Caleb continued to look at it, admiring his handy work. That was until Sabrina saw it. “Is that who I think it is?” she asked him, and suddenly beyond Caleb’s or Sterling’s control, the plan was back on.

***



“Beth!” Sterling shouted as he knocked on her door. He’d been knocking for several minutes with no answer so he began to pound. “Beth, please open up, let me explain!”
When he’d seen his father in his hotel room, standing there smug and stern like an authoritarian when he’d been completely irresponsible most of Sterling’s life, he’d lost it. He’d yelled at his dad, broke a vase when he’d left, and stormed into his room in blind anger; a lifetime worth of resentment suddenly back alive in his mind. A few minutes later, when he’d fallen on his knees begging God whom he never felt worthy enough to talk to but prayed to anyway in his times of feeling alone, for some peace, that’s when remnants of his time with Beth had come to his mind and he realized she had been waiting for him, in his room. And now she was gone. No doubt she’d heard everything. Oh God …
He’d rushed down to her hotel room, only to find a closed door in his face. No Beth.
“Beth, please!” The truth was, as pathetic as it seemed, Sterling wanted this girl, enough to actually pray for a kiss, and then more. If that made him any less of a man, he didn’t care.
“Bethany!” No answer. He pounded, simply wanting to explain himself; tell the whole story of his mom, who started Vivid Image magazine, and his life after she died, but he never got to. The neighboring guest next to Beth’s room came outside to see who was pounding and yelling in the halls. After another few minutes, Sterling was forced to leave.

***

Bethany had been walking along the beach feeling the ocean’s cool breeze against the hot humidity on her skin. The weather here in Miami was very much like Sterling’s touch, to hot to handle and cool all at once. The memory of their night together crashed with her new information about him. The possibility of her own photography work not truly earning her a fair place in this contest was too much to bare. The more she thought about it, the more anger took over. As she was rounding the corner back to her room, she heard her name shouted, her entire name.
“Bethany!”
Only he ever called her that … Sterling. He was at her door, unaware she was down the hall watching him. Her entire form froze. Could that be true regret on his face as he knocked one last time? Then, after disturbing her neighbors, he left going in the opposite direction down the hall, leaving her.
She stood there watching him walk away, unable to speak. Did he regret forgetting about her, regret lying? Could he be sorry? Or did he just want another bed session after he’d already gone to the trouble of securing her photo in this contest? She felt overwhelmingly confused and still mad as she watched him disappear. Was he truly out of her life this time? After all college was done, and after tonight’s ceremony why would she ever see him again?
There’s too many questions in my head right now! She thought, as the only answer rang loud and clear. She didn’t just want to see him again, she hoped too.



Chapter Sixteen

“Your father canceled our rooms, Sterling, so what’s the plan? Coach is going to be expecting us home soon,” Caleb said as he grabbed food off the Vivid banquet buffet. He was chowing down while Sterling scanned the area. His eyes landing on Beth who was standing near her photography work while shaking onlooker’s hands. Her long blond hair was down and alive with curls. Her curves shown off perfectly in a little black dress and the small jacket she wore on top. Sterling began imagining what she looked like with no jacket when Beth turned around, as if sensing his stare.
Her face filled with deep frustration upon laying eyes on him. The energy between them kept their eyes locked on each other in the busy room; even as Beth continued to greet other people, her gaze never fully left him. Right after this event was over Sterling planned on talking to her. Before then he didn’t want to ruin her potential moment. He insisted to Caleb on staying in the most congested part of the crowd, to avoid his father spotting him and having another heated moment. It was amazing how this room, this environment of photographers was where his mother, sister, and father had always thrived. Sterling felt so out of touch here; his area of thriving would always be in the water.
The night went by quickly, and after a while Beth only looked his way every once in a while. He really hoped she was the winner, and it would all be fair and square, because he hadn’t used any of his influence at all.
“Time to announce this year’s winner,” Monica Gomez announced with a crafty seductive smile. She had an envelope in her hand, and any moment the winning picture would pop up on the computer screen behind her and she’d read the winner’s name. Sterling hoped and prayed the winner was Beth.
The winning picture came on board, and the entire crowd gasped.

***

Beth and everyone else froze. Any moment the music would clearly stop. Every top twenty college graduate had been hoping to see their picture, hear their name. Beth had been praying, forgetting about Sterling for a few minutes while her mind was finally on what it should have been, wanting to win. Now everything was very, very wrong.
The winning picture was not on the walls of any of the top twenty, it wasn’t even a picture from any of the other college graduates who hadn’t made it that far. The giant photo on the screen in front of everybody was of Monica Gomez, half clothed and being fondled by none other than Caleb Wiener, outside the hotel’s showers. The crowd gasped and Monica let out a shocking scream and ran off the stage.
With her gone, every Vivid employee at the banquet began to gossip and whisper as all the students started asking what was happening and who had won. Beth’s eyes went to a bright red Caleb, who was trying to back out of the room, mouth full of food, without anyone noticing. He had angry eyes on Sabrina, who was leaving the room next to him with a smile. They both were leaving behind Sterling, whose form was perfectly still and unreadable as Beth’s eyes went back to the photo.
It was all too familiar to her because she had been there in real time. Spying on Caleb and Monica last night, not by choice, as she hurried to leave. The only other person who had been on that floor, who would have been able to take a photo of that moment was Sterling. In fact, she had heard a camera flash right before she stepped out of the sauna and into his arms. Her face turned cold as all of Sterling and Caleb’s past whispers of a plan took hold in her mind. Then Beth understood all too well what had happened.
She found herself marching up to him; she was hurt, seeing red, unable to think about anything except for her annoying lying neighbor, who had invaded her contest, ruined this banquet, and slept with her right after securing the photo to do so.
“You did this didn’t you?” Beth found herself right in front of Sterling’s tall body. The crowd was wild around them, people beginning to leave. No one paid attention to Beth’s words except for Sterling, who for the first time was speechless. “This is why you came here?” she asked him again.
Sterling’s face looked angered as he shook his head and answered. “Yes.”
“You had your friend sleep with your father’s fiancé, and after taking the photo you what, thought you’d celebrate by sleeping with me?” Her voice became pained, shaky, her skin red with anger. No doubt her eyes were a burning bright blue, about to cry as she accused him.
“That’s not what my time with you was about. I—” he had no words, couldn’t finish. “The plan was suppose to be off. I came here only to talk to you.”
Beth shook her head as her face turned back to the heated photo on the wall, and then to Sterling. How could she believe anything that came out of his mouth? “I don’t believe you. You came here to make a big commotion, like you always make big loud commotions, and humiliate your father. You’ve ruined this contest for everyone.” With that she turned to leave, as more and more tears came out of her eyes. It was truly pathetic to cry over this but she was. She’d made nothing but mistakes, all for not. She’d missed walking in her graduation to be here, all to be screwed by Sterling Johnson in more ways then one.
She never wanted to see him again.



Chapter Seventeen


Four Years Later


Beth, now a more grown up version of herself, sat in her office, going over photo assignments. She knew the entire company she now worked for was super busy trying to produce a stunning cover that would out sell Vivid Image’s upcoming issue. Ironically it was because of that legendary magazine that Beth was even working here. It’s name along with one other was constantly haunting her.
Four years ago Beth had been a part of the Vivid Image graduate contests fiasco, the winning results of which had taken forever to announce. Apparently due to Monica Gomez being fired at the time, and the whole mess for the graduate issue that had taken place behind the scenes, all top twenty students had been named winners and each got a small portion of their student loans paid off; which was better than nothing for Beth. The cover image on the graduate issue that year was of Beth’s and one other winner’s photos. Having her work on Vivid’s cover—her current company’s biggest competition—helped her secure a more than decent job; one she needed not just to support herself but one other. Yet, she still wondered what would have happened if things had gone differently, and Sterling’s face came to her mind more times then she could control.
The summer after Beth’s graduation, Sterling had tried a few times to reach out to her, saying he was sorry for all the trouble he caused and so on. Beth had been out of Miami, home living with her mom, looking for a job, and wanted all memories of him behind her. That was, until she woke up nauseated in bed one morning, and found herself taking a pregnancy test.
What had one night of mouth watering passion in Miami cost? Everything… Or at least, it had seemed like that at the time. Now Beth lived a completely different life, she was no longer a girl transitioning into adulthood. She’d been forced quickly to become a woman and grown adult.
Over time Sterling’s name had became bigger and bigger in the press. He became one of America’s future Olympic eligible bachelors; but he never seemed to ever settle in a relationship, despite the many women that wanted him, and all the famous super models he was constantly on and off again with. Thinking about it made Beth shake her head. Why do I torture myself like this?
When her photography partner and best friend from college, Tara—whom Beth had helped secure a job here—came into the office all smiles, Beth knew right away something was up.
“What’s going on?” She asked her.
Tara smiled innocently. “Our next potential photography assignment is in the elevator, on his way up to discuss terms with the company. Having him here is going to blow our competition out of the bag. I wonder who they’ll choose to take his picture?” Tara stared at Beth with a scheming smile.
Beth eyed her suspiciously. Their company dealt with capturing photos of high end public figures and celebrities all the time. Who had Tara so excited that she didn’t want to spill his name?
“Who is it?” Beth asked her. Tara’s excited behavior reminded Beth of their old college days, back when Tara would drool over every hot fraternity boy that had walked down the hall.
“You’re about to find out,” Tara winked. “He’s getting off the elevator now and coming our way.”
Beth turned her head expecting a hot TV personality, or maybe a reality star, nothing out of the ordinary. Instead her heart sped up like it was on speed. Her eyes blinked unsure as she felt herself about to trip over her own two feet. Sterling Johnson, with his agent in tow, was walking towards her boss’s office. His blue eyes were about to fall right on Beth’s, who was in the glass office next door. He was even hotter than he had been so many years back. His lips just as kissable as she felt the pulse within her chest speed up. It became evident in that moment as her boss came out to greet him, right as their eyes were about to find each other again, that Sterling and Beth’s story wasn’t the least bit over. It was just getting started, and this time the photos these two would be creating would be the scandalous headlines everyone was dying to see. They had no idea what was about to be uncovered.

###



One Night In Heated Snapshots is the first of a two part series.
Written by Ashley C. Harris. 


Also By
Ashley C. Harris

THE SHOCK ME SERIES
Shock Me

Sparks

Collide

THE ONE NIGHT IN SERIES

One Night In Heated Snapshots

One Night In Close Exposure


For more information and news on Ashley C. Harris's upcoming books go to: 

http://www.ashleycharris.com/

You can also find her on:

Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/AuthorAshleyC.Harris

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/Ashley_C_Harris

Goodreads:  https://www.goodreads.com/AshleyCHarris

Tumblr:  http://ashley-c-harris.tumblr.com/


Special Thanks From The Author:

Special thanks to graphic designer Amber Harris, my parents David and Karen Harris, Mitchell Lane, and everyone else that encouraged me to pursue publishing this book. To my wonderful editor Cameron Yeager, who was amazing to work with in every way, and all the other proof readers who helped me.  To my publicists Danielle Barclay, Anjana Vasan, and everyone else at Barclay Publicity. The adventure of this series has just started and I thank you all.



Continue reading for a sneak peek of Ashley's newest YA novel

SHOCK ME



Chapter One -Sneak Peek

It was a hot summer day in East Applegate, too hot. Donna ran through the side door of her house. Her father was working out in the back, thank goodness, and wasn’t there to see her change. She ran upstairs as fast as she could and went straight into her bathroom; her hands shaking as she locked the door behind her. She turned on her shower and waited the prolonged minute for the water pipes to start. Then, as if she willed it, the water began to pour out.
She stepped in, not bothering to take her clothes off, and let the freezing cold water pierce into her as it always did every time this happened. Her body still shaking, she pulled the shower curtain weakly. Then she sank to the floor of the tub and let the water drain out her world.
Tears rolled down her tired eyes and merged with the rest of the water hitting her so violently. Even with her hot pre-electric skin merging back to normal, she still couldn’t stop crying.
“Donna!” Her dad called from outside her bathroom door.
Donna closed her eyes, willing herself to speak, wishing her dad would come back in an hour or so. “I’m in the shower, Dad!” she called out to him with her eyes still clenched shut.
“Well I’m about to get going,” he called out through the door.
“Ok Dad stay-,” she struggled to say the words, to hold herself together. Do anything but just sit in the pouring water and be anything but what she was turning into.
“-safe.”
“No, you stay safe,” her dad corrected her. 
She could barely hear him now through the door and sounds of the water pouring
down on her. 
“I love you darling.”
That was the last thing she let herself hear, then again, she submerged herself into the water. Letting herself shake once more. What was she? How could this be possible? This wasn’t some stupid TV show or comic book, this was real life.
She took a couple of deep breaths and hugged herself. What did Paul mean? How could he understand in moments what she was when she didn’t even know? His words hissed ever so slightly in her mind. Getting louder and louder every time she thought about them.
Run, tell no one about this! If they catch you they’ll kill you! She held her head, trying to make sense of it all.
Tell no one, run, about this, kill you, catch you, If they, kill you. The memory of his words were getting over whelming, all screaming to her at the same time, going in and out of order. They try, run, tell no one, they’ll kill you, run, run, run.
The water, which was freezing before, was now warm and numbing. Being neither cold nor hot, friend nor foe.
Shouldn’t she be used to this by now? Everything in her life was always falling apart before it had a chance to even be put back together. Her mom died giving birth to her. Her older brother David ran away from home when she was five. Her dad lost the farm and now did handy work for all the towns in between his searching for her brother. Her two best friends, Spencer and Rebecca, were avoiding her at all costs, and now, there was a more important issue happening. Finally, someone that could accept her, yet he brings the message of death. Great, what will life ruin for her next, what else was going to break apart from her?
The answer was as sharp as it was deadly: Everything...



Two and a half months earlier.
It was a bright and sunny morning. Donna tied her running shoes tightly, double knotting them. They were used and too big, like everything else she owned after losing eighteen pounds. Grabbing her water and thyroid medicine she was out the door, leaving her dog, Smoky, barking in her yard behind her. The sun had just risen about a half an hour ago, and the air was hotter than normal. She started jogging at a slow pace, waiting till she got to the main trail around the forest to really get herself going. She passed the outside of her neighbor’s large farm, which had a couple of horses and cows. Not anything like when Donna was a child and all the farms were filled with animals as far as the eye could see, but still, it was nice some of the town’s past remained.
Just as she entered the outside of the forest running trail Donna saw him: Ryan Applegate. He was too far off for her to make out his face, but she knew it was him. They were the only two that jogged this early besides Lulu, one of the elderly women from town who got her exercise in every day.
Donna slowed down a bit, running and jogging off and on, getting used to her old routine again. She looked off at some of the plants and things. Anything but stare right at Ryan dead on. They weren’t friends or anything after all, and she’d prove to be more of a dork than she already was if she kept on looking right at him.
He was wearing a new sweat suit, a bright blue one with white stripes down the sides. His hair, which he was letting grow out, shined and framed his face perfectly. His gaze concentrated on everything but her. This was their ritual.
Donna had hoped after spending a fun summer with Peter, who she had met in New York, that she wouldn’t like Ryan as much, but no, she was out of luck. When she saw him yesterday morning jogging, and then again at school that day, her heart had pounded just as quickly. Ryan looked just as good, if not better, than he had before she’d left.
After they jogged around separate paths, the path looped around and they joined each other running in the same direction. As the ritual went, they’d fall into the same
pace, running together side by side, as if they were friends or something. They never talked, Ryan always listened to his music, yet he’d never go ahead and lose her.
Donna did all she could to look straight at the trees, not at his big muscular arms, or his gorgeous face that should be on every girl’s bedroom poster. After two years of this she wasn’t super nervous running next to him, but it was hard not to concentrate on Ryan as being another reason besides gymnastics to be in shape.
They looped around the path, their ritual almost coming to its end, then as the path cut off at the park they both stopped together. The water fountain was right next to the parks bathroom. Ryan waited patiently still listening to his music as Donna filled her water bottle up for her jog home. Then she turned around, facing him as he went to fill his water bottle also. He smiled at her, this being the only smile he’d give her usually for the rest of the day.
“Hey,” he mouthed as she started past him.
“Hi,” she mouthed back, giving him a smile with equal kindness. For a mere second they were children again, being the best of friends and always so excited to see one another. Then the second left them, Ryan moved forward to fill his water, and Donna took a big drink from her bottle and jogged off. This ended their morning ritual, which took place Mondays through Fridays.
Donna went off, running now more than jogging, wanting to get home in time to shower before her dad did. Whoever got to the shower first got their desired temperature of water. The second would get either freezing cold or steaming hot.
She couldn’t help but smile at the memory of Ryan and then hated herself afterwards. Always after her and his tiny ritual she felt happier, excited even; he did that to her, he always had. Then at school he and the popular clique never paid attention to her, never at all. Unless it was Lynn, insulting her clothes or something. Shouldn’t she only smile at him if they were actually still friends as they had been when they were kids? Yes Donna, that’s logical, you should treat him how he treats you at school, like you’re not there, not cool, not anything.
Yet no matter what bad things she told herself about him, no doubt tomorrow she’d smile and say: Hi, hey, hello. Whatever phrases they went with. Every year since they started running together he’d leave behind a small card or trinket for her birthday or Christmas. She did the same for him as well. He’d leave it by the bench right next to the fountain and not show up for running so they wouldn’t have to actually talk when she’d find it, and she’d do the same. Leaving it at the old fort they’d built in a tree hole, or a birthday card she’d slip in his locker when no one was looking. They were like secret friends, who never actually hung out or talked.
Which really isn’t friends is it? Especially when your friends used to call me fat girl and you just would stand by, not even looking upset about it. She tried to stop herself from thinking about him any further.
This year is different, she told herself. This year I’ve been kissed; I’ve been on dates. I’m in the best shape I’ve ever been in, and this year I’m going to join the Virginia state gymnastic team for my age group. This year I’ll travel and barely set foot at East Applegate high. This year is the beginning of my escape!



Donna brushed a couple strokes through her tangled hair that was still mostly wet from her shower. She threw her ill-fitting, oversized overalls on and also her ‘fat jacket’, as she called it. It was way too big with very thin material, but it was the only jacket from Goodwill that fit her when she bought it at the time. Now she wore it with glee, loving how big it was on her. It still didn’t keep her warm at all but summer’s heat had stayed around longer this year; It was September and a record breaking 90 degrees. So she didn’t need to keep warm anyway.
She watched her tall, naturally thin father scarf down a couple of donuts and drink his stone black coffee. The donuts were left over from last night, his dinner.... The way he ate disgusted her, yet all her lecturing wasn’t going to stop him. She grabbed her protein shake from the fridge; it was barely cold.
“Dad, we really, really need a new fridge.”
“Yea, I know darling,” he told her as he stood up and grabbed his things to head out on one of his jobs. “Mrs. Robertson said she’d pay me today for fixing the hole in her ceiling last month. So-” he smiled, “-you pick one out and have it put on hold, and I’ll pick it up.”
She smiled at her dad’s feeling of satisfaction. They’d been so low on money lately, this time last year they’d gone without power for two weeks until he finally got enough cash to have it turned back on. Luckily, it was much cooler then. Being able to buy a new fridge when they actually needed it, not a couple months after it was broken, was a big deal.
Donna checked to make sure Smoky had enough food then headed out. School started in an hour, and it was about an hour and a half’s walk. She started out the door but then turned and went back for her thyroid medicine. It was a medication everyone in the town had to carry at all times because they were located so close to the Applegate power plant. The precaution began after a massive explosion that took place seventeen years back.
People still talked about the incident to this day. Half the power plant was destroyed in the catastrophe. As owner of the plant, Ryan’s father, Mr. Applegate, was blamed, so he donated millions of dollars to the town and soon was loved again as everyone’s big hero. Donna was still in utero at the time so none of it mattered to her. The only passing thought she’d ever had about the whole thing was about what her grandmother always whispered: that several people in the town went crazy after everything was blown apart. She wondered in the back of her head if that’s why her brother, David, had ran away as a kid. Maybe he’d gone crazy...



She walked into her geometry class twenty-five minutes after the bell had rung. Mr. Harris was in the middle of reviewing homework. Right as she opened the door he called out behind her, “Hello Miss. Young,” without even needing to turn to see if it was she who’d come in. The class giggled, and Donna gave a shy smile and went to her seat right next to Spencer.
After a moment Spencer turned around as he always did and whispered: “If you would ride the bus, you know, that big yellowish thing that comes to the end of everyone’s road every day, then you could get to school on time; grab a pop and come to class only five minutes late like normal people.” He smiled flirtatiously as he did with everybody causing Donna to roll her  eyes.
“Yea, but then I wouldn’t have a chance to burn off an extra three hundred calories every morning, and would inhale one hundred and fifty pointless ones in return due to your bad soda habits,” she whispered back.
“Be very, very, careful,” he exaggerated in a harsh whisper. “Very careful....” His face squeezed together like a cartoon character. “You’re starting to speak the winey oxymoron language of CRUELLA over there.” He nodded his head towards Lynn Eris, Ryan’s girlfriend, who was putting on bright pink lipstick while staring at herself in her compact mirror. “You know,” he continued raising his voice. ‘The evil queen who can’t stop looking at herself, counts calories, and skins small animals! Your typical crazy...”
Donna blushed and bit her lip to stop herself from giggling too loudly. Lynn was wearing a designer animal print purse and jacket; hence Spencer’s typical Cruella De Vil joke. He started making faces, mimicking her behavior, causing not only Donna but Susie to giggle too. Spencer, suddenly excited to get Susie’s attention, nodded his head and winked at her.  Her giggling stopped abruptly and she turned back to the teacher without giving him another glance. Susie wasn’t one of the popular people, but she was higher on the totem poll than both Spencer and Donna combined and wasn’t going to risk being seen flirting with him.
“Epic fail,” the guys behind Spencer laughed.
Spencer, now embarrassed, turned his head back around and faced the teacher.
“Aw, too bad,” Lynn whispered loudly enough for their entire row and the row in front of them to hear, in her usual mocking voice. “It would be much more entertaining to see him go out and then get dumped by someone who wasn’t imaginary.”
Everyone laughed, causing Lynn to smile as she played with Ryan’s fingers which were wrapped around her own.
“That’s enough, class!” Mr. Harris ordered, his lesson interrupted. “Miss Eris,  Mr. Klingalsmith, you both can find new ways to interrupt my class in detention after school.”
Lynn rolled her eyes at the teacher undaunted, as Spencer whispered harsh complaints.
And this, Donna thought, will always be my average day. The highlight of her week would be picking out a new fridge and possibly a pair of shoes on sale. She stared at the board, imagining every number the teacher drew was a gymnastic pose.
She had no idea what was really coming....

*  *  *



Trouble was on it’s way and Ryan could feel it. After school he, his older brother Randy, and Lynn sat at a table together with the rest of the cheerleaders. He was drumming his fingers anxiously. They’d all just finished football practice and were having a bite to eat before he, Lynn, and Randy headed off.
He looked at his girlfriend, for a moment wishing they could go somewhere alone, away from everyone else. She had looked so hot today, her neckline low and her tee shirt rising more and more every time she moved. She had been in such a racy mood earlier, but now... like her body, her personality always morphed. She’d gone from flirting, to cruel, to just plain annoying, ordering the other cheerleaders around; telling them when they messed up, and what they shouldn’t be eating, all while she ate what she pleased. She was a leader in the making; if ever put in charge of an army Lynn would be greatly feared; but sometimes he wished she’d give it all a break. That they could just be like a regular couple....
He heard the door start to open before the bell on it shook. Spencer Klingalsmith, the most annoying guy in Ryan’s class, and Rebecca Leopold, Donna’s other close friend, walked into the small town diner. Rebecca was laughing at Spencer’s stupid jokes as if he was Jim Carrey on TV or something. Ryan rolled his eyes. He wished Donna would stay away from that kid. Pick a different guy to hang out with, or preferably she could just hang out with Rebecca.
He looked through the clear glass window knowing where Spencer and Rebecca were Donna wouldn't be far behind. After a second he spotted her walking inside the shoe store across the street, her eyes staring at the running shoes on the wall. “I’m gonna get some air.” He got up from the table, taking his soda with him.
Spencer’s mom, one of the waitresses at the diner, handed Spencer some change from her pocket. It dropped from her hands causing her to bend over...
“Uh, yea, me too.” Randy got up quickly and started moving behind him while staring at Spencer’s mom’s behind. She was probably the reason Randy had chosen to come eat here in the first place.  His mom was hot; very hot, and young too. She’d had Spencer when she was only a teenager. Randy practically walked into her as she stood up straight, her butt supposedly grazing his hands by accident. Spencer gave both brothers very pissed off looks; as if he was tough or something. Spencer tough, ha, that’s a joke. Yet instantly Ryan felt on edge, watching his older brother closely. Making sure Randy didn’t start something regrettable with this guy. Being the town hot head defined Randy in ways most people couldn’t imagine, and it was Ryan’s job to make sure everyone stayed under control...
They headed outside, both leaning against the restaurant wall as Randy pulled out a cigarette and played with his lighter. It was un-believable because their mom had died from smoking and here Randy was cutting years off his life. The butt of his cigarette caught on fire without him even pretending to flicker the lighter on.
“You need to be more careful and use your lighter,” Ryan told him. “Dad would freak.”
“I am a lighter. LITTLE brother,” Randy corrected him. “Chill.”
Ryan rolled his eyes; lecturing Randy was like talking to a wall.
“So is this why you wanted to come out here?” Randy asked him, looking towards
Donna as she lifted up different running shoes from inside the glass window; she was looking at the prices no doubt.
“I needed to chill before training.”
“Sure,” Randy said in disbelief.
Ryan ignored him, watching Donna, his once childhood companion, try on a pair of running shoes. They were black and white with one thin pink stripe. Girlie enough for Donna, where on the other hand Lynn, looking as herself, would never touch them.
Donna looked at the price on the box several times and then handed the shoes back to the sales girl and left the store. She was wearing old fashioned baggie overalls on top of her blue gymnastic uniform. The blue lit up her eyes as the sun shinned down on her messy blond hair. Donna was the nice girl, the shy type of girl; who is kind and often over looked but when you do look, you saw that she was incredibly beautiful.
Their eyes met as she came towards the restaurant door and she took a deep breath bracing herself. As if she needed the extra strength just to walk by, and not embrace him like she used to when they were younger. Every time she did that, everyday when he had to see her at school and she took that brace yourself pose, it was like a punch to the gut. Every time... he wished he could say something.
“If it isn’t little Donny,” Randy barked while breathing out more smoke. Donna gave a half sarcastic, half embarrassed smile and kept walking by. Years ago Randy used to antagonize and bully Ryan and Donna both with all his older friends. To try and escape him they would run and hide in the woods for hours at a time, building forts and imagining dumb adventures. They had become so close back then, their bond was almost indescribable; up until right before the summer of Donna’s first trip to New York... When something terrible had almost happened and it was all Ryan’s fault.... 
‘It’s better this way,’  his fathers words echoed inside his mind, ‘Just keep her away’.  But he still always wondered, what would it be like if he and Donna were dating? If he could be just like her. Normal....

*  *  *



Chapter Two -Sneak Peek

Donna had strange dreams that night. Usually whenever she closed her eyes she was stuck seeing nothing but continuous grey; but tonight she dreamt of a cold, black, darkness settling over her town. Freezing everyone to stillness. She dreamt of her father and his own childhood best friend, Richard Applegate, Ryan and Randy’s father, struggling to keep warm, to not freeze to death like all the others. She searched outside for something to help them, but couldn’t find anything. Then a light came from underneath the ground. Like a hidden sun coming out to play; but before Donna could call her dad and Mr.Applegate, before she could tell them about the light, the ground started to shake. The light got brighter and brighter, and before she knew what was happening the fire underneath the ground started to explode. The last thing Donna saw before she opened her eyes was a hooded man in the distance; a man who had tried to hurt her years back, the first time her father brought her to New York. She saw the man’s haunting silver eyes, staring at her as the explosion, an electric explosion, swallowed up everything.
She couldn’t get back to sleep after that. She got up extra early to jog as she had the day before, and felt a strangeness she couldn’t shake. Not just in her head, like she normally would after having a nightmare, but her whole body felt off.
She opened the front door and took a few steps out without looking down. Something big had been placed on the bottom doorstep that she hadn’t anticipated, causing her trip and fall. Her water bottle went flying as she was forced to dive roll so she won’t smash her face against the rocks on the steps. Her gymnastics training, learning to fall without getting hurt, saved her as she rolled onto her legs; which were now covered with mud. That’s just great!
She looked at what she had just tripped over and had almost caused a broken neck. A box; a shoe box? She picked it up; they were women’s shoes? Here heart started pounding and she opened it fast, knowing what this could be. Am I still dreaming? She thought with shock and surprise. The shoes she had looked at yesterday, the ones she had wanted for over three months now but couldn't ever afford; they had been placed on her outside doorstep in the middle of the night.
Ryan must have done this. She thought. He was the only one who left gifts for her in secret without acknowledging it; but it wasn’t her birthday, or Christmas? What was so special about today? Why could Ryan do something so sweet, but then go back to not talking? Was she that big of a dork, so low on the totem poll, so pathetic that he had to... No, I’m not thinking negative, this is a new year! She slowly put the shoes on; of course they fit perfectly. Not that she believed he knew her shoe size, but he had probably asked the lady what size she had wanted. So now he knows I wear a size nine, compared to Lynn’s tiny feet! How embarrassing.
Still... thank you. She thought as if he were still there listening. She took a deep breath, then looked around for her water bottle. It must of rolled in the bushes or someplace. She didn’t want to track mud back inside so instead she took off, jogging hard. Not caring if she got sweaty because when Ryan left gifts he always avoided her hard for the rest of the day after word. She knew besides school she’d barley see him.  The real question was why?



Later, she got back to the house and found her dog throwing up all over the kitchen. Fan-freakin-tastic! She went to her dog’s puke filled water dish and cleaned it, then filled it with fresh water and set it next to him. He looked so sad.
“Its ok, boy, it’s ok.” She took him out back and hosed him off while her dad cursed at his old truck for not starting. Great, I’m going to be even more late than usual... As Donna was just about done cleaning her dog the water stopped coming out of the hose. No! Not today! Please not today! She tried turning it on and off repeatedly but it was clear their water had stopped again.
Feeling tired she emptied two water bottles on the kitchen floor to clean it. Then went up stairs to inspect herself in the bathroom. No shower today! Spectacular! She actually wasn’t sweating at all. That was a miracle in itself, but her face and knees were dirty. So she poured her last bit of water left on a face cloth and used it to wipe off her face, and then the mud from her knees; then she got changed.
After all that she had only drops of water left in her bottle. She downed it, not filling her thirst at all. Then she went down stairs and grabbed a protein shake and headed outside. Her dad was under his old truck, singing to himself.
“How is it?” she asked him.
“Oh,” he started. “Just a couple of things loose. Nothing I can’t fix.”
She listened as her father tightened things, suddenly she felt very thirsty and tired,
almost like she was going to faint. She leaned one hand on the car, popping her shake open with the other. Her eyes were shutting; she felt dizzy.
Her shake dropped to the ground as she lost her balance. She clutched both hands to the car catching herself.
“What was that?” her dad asked from underneath the car.
She went to talk, trying to wake herself up. Then she felt heat in her hands, while she was touching the car. It came quickly, coming up her arms and down into her chest. A feeling of quick heat like she had been pleasantly warmed up on the inside.
She took a deep breath, all of sudden she didn’t feel dizzy or thirsty. Only bits of tiredness remaining. “Nothing Dad,” she answered.
“Good, because I’m done,” he called out, coming out from underneath the car. “There is no beast your father can’t tame.”
Usually she’d roll her eyes and smile when he said that, but she felt, strange...
“Go get yourself another breakfast darling. I’ll drive you, I’m already behind, might as well be more.”
“No, I’m not, I’m not hungry any more.” It was true, her hunger had disappeared. In fact, she felt like she’d eaten so much that if she ate more she wouldn’t be able to move, yet she felt no food in her stomach? Today has been so bizarre! she thought to herself. Maybe I’m still dreaming?
Her dad put his keys in the car. It sounded like it was going to start, but then didn’t. He did it again, cursed, and tried once more. “What the, I just jumped the battery yesterday!” He complained, followed by curses.
“Dad, I’m going to walk, ok?” she told him and started off. That old truck was always needing fixed. It was as old as she was.



Donna walked into Mr. Harris’s class an hour late. He actually turned and looked this time. “An hour, Miss Young, I’m going to have to give you a detention this time,” he told her in a low voice.
Donna nodded and went quickly to her seat. She wasn’t mad. Mr. Harris was one of her favorite teachers and had always cut her slack.
“Shouldn’t she like, get a detention every time she’s late?” Lynn called out to the teacher, putting her nail file down.
Donna hid her face humbly, embarrassed, tired again, and out of it completely.
“Isn’t that like, the fair initiative to be done?” Lynn went on, enjoying the sound of her own voice as she spoke loud enough so the whole class could hear.
“Miss Eris,” the teacher corrected her, “why don’t you worry about showing up to your own detentions?”
“Like that will ever happen!” Spencer chimed in.
“You’ll have one today Miss Eris-,” the teacher went on, ignoring Spencer. “-and one tomorrow for not showing up yesterday. You, Mr. Klingalsmith, will have one also.”
“Hey! What did I do this time?” Spencer started but the teacher ignored him, turning towards the board. Lynn whispered insults loudly at Mr. Harris and then went back to filing her nails. Once the teacher was enough into his lesson, Donna laid her head down on her desk, her body feeling drowsy, and tired again.

*  *  *



At lunch Rebecca sat with Donna and Spencer at their “we don’t exist” table. Rebecca Leopold was short and very petite, all of ninety pounds with reddish brown curly hair and bright green eyes. She had liked Spencer since the sixth grade when he mysteriously moved to their town, and she and Donna had become his only friends. But Spencer, as usual, was telling his jokes while staring at every girl but her. Why can’t he ever think of me as sexy? She aways wondered. 
Donna was laying her head down on the table, which was unusual for her to want to sleep at lunch. Not that Rebecca had any classes with her, she’d been put in all advance classes since before she knew them both. She was already earning college credits through their school’s dual enrollment courses online and on the fast track to one day attend M.I.T ; the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
“What's up with you Donna, not enough sleep after all that partying?” Spencer asked sarcastically. 
“I don’t know, I don’t feel good I guess.” 
“I hate being sick, I’m sorry,” Rebecca sympathized. “You should drink a lot of water.”
“Yea, soup and stuff,” Spencer added through eating bites of his sandwich.
“I am kind of thirsty I guess.” Donna slowly started to rise then stumbled, catching the table to balance herself. She looked dizzy.
“Wow,” Spencer said, “Do you need me to walk you over?”
“No, I’m good.” Donna started off toward the water fountain. 
Rebecca wished she had been sick, maybe then Spencer would have offered to walk her somewhere. They had all been best friends since middle school, but ever since Donna had come back from New York this year Rebecca had noticed Spencer was looking at her like he did the other school girls. Would he ever look at Rebecca? Who wasn’t athletic like Donna, and didn’t have big breasts like Lynn. Her only talent was stopping computer viruses in her spare time. Would anybody ever look at her as more than a friend?
Paul Cohen walked over and sat next to her. She only knew him slightly. He was in all the same advanced classes she was, and they always won awards together. He’d constantly be the number one student at a subject, and she’d be number two. Not that it bothered her; he was two years older so she knew she was still in good standing.
“Hi, um, Rebecca,” he said slowly. He was always shy like that, fumbling on his words. Some days he wore his contacts, mostly though he wore his thick black glasses, which were constantly falling off of him.
“Hey Paul, what’s up?”
“Well, um, I know I didn’t meet with you guys for the practice presentation at the assembly. Do you think you could fill me in?”
“Yea, sure.” She smiled, “We a-”
“No, um, not here. I, ah, have something to do,” he interrupted her. He glanced around as if someone was watching him.
“I think you need to ease up on the coffee there,” Spencer commented at his strange behavior.
“No I’m, I mean,” he straightened his glasses as they fell down his nose, “I am, just busy that’s all. Have a lot on my plate.”
“Ok, well, let’s meet after school,” she told him. 

*  *  *



Donna walked down the hall towards the water fountain. She took a deep breath, steadying herself. Ryan was there filling his water bottle up. With her pulse speeding up a bit, she walked over, waiting behind him.
He turned around, facing her, looking at her for only a second then looking past her. His tall, muscular body only a foot away from her at school. She could smell his cologne and could not pull her eyes away from his chest. He looked like a movie star, hotter even. There was not one girl at the school that would resist him if he asked. They were all in love with him.
He looked at her feet; at the shoes he had bought her. Then she caught the tiniest smile on his face. She blushed, smiling back for a second also. Then he looked on, his attention caught by his older brother Randy who was coming their way, leaving all the football players behind him.
“I got the call,” Randy told Ryan, ignoring Donna’s presence completely. He walked behind his brother, getting a drink from the fountain himself, and cutting Donna in line; another barrier stopping her from drinking.
Then Randy turned and leaned against the fountain, his new four hundred dollar phone in one hand, and his lighter that he was tossing in the other. His eyes locked wickedly on Donna who still stood waiting to get a drink. It made her feel like a child again, with Randy and his friends, all older, pushing her and all the younger kids around.
He stared intensely at her, annoyed. “Shoo,” he ordered coldly.
She glanced at Ryan, with his ‘Ryan expression’, that ‘I don’t know you, you’re not cool.’ look, then turned and walked off. There was another fountain by the office, but she didn’t feel like walking that far. She went back to her lunch table as Paul, the nerdy senior, left quickly. Walking as if there were a stampede behind him. She remembered he used to work at the grocery store when she was in middle school, and she knew he was really smart like Rebecca, a nice guy. Always nervous, especially today....



Detention was only a half hour, but it seemed to take forever. You’re not allowed to sleep, otherwise Donna would have. You couldn’t write or draw either. All you could do was just sit and stare at the board. Jacob, a kid from her class, was sitting next to her, texting someone on his cell phone, hidden on his lap from the teacher.
“Ok, its 3:30, you all can go,” Mr. Harris told them.
A dean walked in. Not looking at the students, walking straight towards Mr. Harris. 
“What can I do for you?”
“I understand Lynn Eris had a detention today,” the dean started. 
Donna, Spencer, and the rest of the students got up to leave.
“Yes, she’s making up for the one she missed yesterday.”
“Yes, well, just as I told you a few months ago-,” 
“You mean the last time I tried to write her a referral because she had ten detentions, all unserved,” he interrupted. 
“Yes, just as I told you then,” the dean continued annoyed. “She is in a special program the Mayor organized and can’t be here to serve after school detentions. If you-” 
Donna and Spencer left the room, unable to hear anymore.
“I had no idea the Mayor had special programs being held at the local diner,”
Spencer said sarcastically. 
Rebecca joined them as they walked outside and Donna filled her in.
“Someone tell me what I need to do to get in the Mayor’s special program,” Spencer went on. 
“Date an Applegate boy, whose father funds the Mayor, the police station, and the fire department...” Rebecca went on. 
"Ok I get it, they’re father funds everything big flipping deal!" 
Donna never joined in when Spencer spoke against Ryan and Randy’s dad. Mr.Applegate was her father’s closest friend, and had been named as Donna’s Godfather years ago incase something ever happened to her dad. He had been such a wreck after her mother died and her brother ran away. Those years had been awful from what Donna could remember, until Mr. Applegate’s youngest son became her best friend....
Rebecca’s big college calculator slipped out of her sweatshirt pocket onto the ground. The sound brought Donna back to reality as she knelt down to pick it up for her.
“Can’t you store test answers in those things?” Spencer asked. 
“You could if you wanted to.” 
Donna felt that heat in her left hand again, as she held the calculator. She felt it, much less than earlier, travel up her arm and into her chest, then down all the way to her feet. Spencer, mean while, had put his arm around Rebecca; poring on all his charm.
“Now Rebecca, my best friend in the whole wide world, you have to hook me up with that thing next class.”
Rebecca was glowing now. Donna knew how much she liked him, he seemed to be the only one that didn’t. He and his mom were living in another world sometimes. The town still gossiped about the ten big bolted locks Spencer’s mom paid to have added to their small home’s door. Nothing too dangerous ever happened here. Why would they need that? Donna handed Rebecca back her calculator.
“Ouch!” Rebecca said when she took it. “You shocked me.”
Donna just looked at her, puzzled. She'd been shocked before, like when you touch the handle of an escalator, the static on your hands stays behind zapping the first person you come in contact with; but Donna had only touched a calculator? And don’t both people usually feel it? All Donna had felt was heat in her hand. Strange....



They walked down the long road by the forest. Donna’s house was furthest away. Spencer had been talking about how much he hated Randy and all the senior jocks hitting on his mom, but then changed the subject back to Rebecca’s calculator.
“I kind of,” she started shyly, blushing a bit, “figured out how to sync the calculator with my cell phone. Like if I want to text someone in class, as long as the signal has gone back and fourth at least once I can text a person from my calculator while my phone stays in my bag.”
“Say what! We can text each other during a test via our calculators!” Spencer started, “When did you learn this?”
She blushed, “I saw Paul do something similar in the seventh grade when they let us take the SAT’s early. He knows all the tricks and stuff. ”
“So you’ve been holding out on me for three years!” 
“It’s not like I’ve actually done it... used my calculator to cheat.”
“Come on, it’s time we start immediately; let me see this thing.”
She handed it to him. He took the cover off of it and hit the buttons a couple of times.
“How do you start it?” he asked. 
“Um, shift and then the button that says on,” Rebecca answered giggling, on cloud
nine. Donna was only half listening to their conversation, her body felt so hot and tingly. 
“What? It can’t be,” Rebecca was saying. 
“What?” Donna asked, pulling herself from her thoughts. 
“Its dead; I just put new batteries in it this morning.”
Just then a truck came screeching down the road, filled with jocks, coming straight towards them, fast. The sound of the music scared Donna, making her drop all her books and papers.
She jumped back to one side of the road as Spencer pulled Rebecca to the other. The truck drove straight through, not even bothering to stop, going about ninety miles an hour. It was a bright red Hummer truck, with fire designs on it; only Randy had a car like that in East Applegate.
“That guy is such a...” Spencer started to cuss when another sports car came zooming through next. It was Lynn’s bright pink convertible. She had the hood down and another cheerleader in the seat next to her. She was coming just as fast. She zoomed past them; Donna felt more heat as she went by.
“Followed by the next biggest... ” Spencer kept on complaining and insulting them, but Donna could no longer hear him. She walked slowly towards her books. Her legs felt like they’d fallen asleep all the way up. She had to concentrate on each step she took, as if it weren’t second nature to simply walk...
Another car started down the street, still far enough away that she could pick up her books. Donna shook, trying to get a hold of herself. She took a deep breath, trying to wake herself up. Then-
The car coming down the road was in the lane next to her, but then it swerved, coming at her fast. The driver looked up, all of a sudden just opening his eyes as if he’d somehow been as tired as Donna and fallen asleep at the wheel. She heard his brakes slam, as the car was only an inch away.
“Donna!” Rebecca screamed.
She didn’t move. Even if she had tried she wouldn’t of had time to. This was all happening in what felt like less than a second. She felt heat, shoot through her chest, to her face, down to her toes, and through to her fingers. Every limb in her body felt like it was falling asleep quickly, as if little dots inside her were jumping around. Then there was a brush of new heat, so hot, coming from the car as it hit against her flesh. The car was pouring in, surrounding her outside skin; and the top of her head itched, burning inside. Next the car passed through her, all the way through.

*  *  *



Spencer watched horrified, as the driver coming down the road swerved into the wrong side of the lane, right where Donna was standing. He started to brake but it was too late.
Then the car wasn’t hitting her. It was going through her. Donna’s body had become transparent, see-through. She glowed like lightning. Donna...The car passed right through her like she was some kind of ghost. A ghost made of electricity...
And then everything they had ever known changed forever.


Click Here To Download The Entire Novel
