The
Road
To
Goma
A Novel
By Katharina Franck
Published by Katharina Franck
Smashwords Edition
In Accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1975, the reproducing, scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and the theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), prior written permission must be obtained from the publisher. Thank you for supporting the author’s rights.
The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
Copyright 2013, Katharina Franck
Book and Cover design by Ingrid Paulson
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
*****
To my mother and father 
for giving me Africa.
*****
Table of Contents
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-one
Twenty-two
Twenty-three
Twenty-four
Twenty-five
Twenty-six
Twenty-seven
Twenty-eight
Twenty-nine
Thirty
Thirty-one
Thirty-two
Thirty-three
Thirty-four
Thirty-five
ONE
“Please, don’t do this.”
Angelina Carter glanced up from tying the shoelaces on her hiking boots and smiled. Karen Jacobs stood between her and the pack in the Land Rover, her feet firmly planted, spaced wide, her hands on her hips. Angelina rose, pushed past her, and lifted the pack to her shoulder.
“They need help,” she said, turning to look up at the forest-covered mountain. “It’s why we’re here, remember?”
“We won’t be of help to anyone if we’re dead!” Karen snapped, then paused and tried again. “At least, wait for the escort.” 
“They can catch up if they ever get here. I’m tired of waiting.”
She handed Karen the car keys and turned toward the tree line. “Stay,” she said over her shoulder. “I’ll be fine.”
Karen watched her walk across the field of yellow grass and considered her choices. Murder came to mind first, but then she remembered that she was trying to save Angelina’s ungrateful ass, so the conflict was obvious. Why did she care anyway? She didn’t even like her.
“Damn it!”
She wiped the sweat from her face with her sleeve and squinted at the sun, closing her eyes to its white heat. It was relentless in its effort to steam every drop of moisture from her body. Her shirt was soaked and the trickle of sweat running down her back was starting to irritate. She hated the sun. She was starting to hate it all. The heat, the dirt roads, her job, most of all Angelina. It wasn’t right. It wasn’t her job to keep Angelina alive. Not her responsibility to stop her suicidal impulses.
She took a step toward a huge rut in the road and looked back the way they had come. There was no dust cloud from an approaching vehicle. Slapping at the flies circling her head, she walked back to the Land Rover, reached in the window, and picked up the communications radio lying on the front seat. It was sputtering out static again. Before, it had been completely dead. The damn thing, like everything else, only worked sporadically.
“Bravo Yankee Six calling Tango Victor Two. Come in. Over.”
She adjusted the frequency and caught a few words that were quickly swallowed again. 
“Bravo Yankee Six calling Tango Victor Two. Please repeat. Over.”
Her only answer was static and she threw it back on the seat in frustration. Biting her lower lip, she looked back to where Angelina had almost reached the tree line.
“Oh, hell.”
It wasn’t a choice.
“Angelina, wait,” she shouted, then grabbed her hiking boots, took her pack from the trunk and locked the Land Rover. She scribbled a note, leaving it under the windshield wipers.
Angelina stood waiting in the shade of the giant trees and smiled as her companion approached. Karen paused and glanced nervously back at the road, her eyes searching. 
It was no use.
 Shivering in the heat, she turned toward the darkness under the trees that marked the beginning of the African rain forest.
***
She took her eyes off the path to glance at her watch, her foot slipping on the leaves that covered the muddy forest floor. Pausing to catch her breath, she inhaled gulps of wet air. The filtered green light under the trees did nothing to reduce the heat.
“Will you slow down?” she yelled, glaring at Angelina’s disappearing back. 
Angelina paused, looking up the trunk of a giant tree as it rose sixty feet to the canopy above, where massive branches spread out over the forest. Lianas as thick as a man’s body twisted around branches, reaching for the light above where they burst into blooms of red and purple. Through a gap in the canopy, sunlight streamed in, pooling on the ground and giving life to herbs and red- spiked flowers. Ferns grew among scattered light and lichens covered trunks in white and gray.
“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Karen muttered. “You know we’re going to catch no end of flack from the higher-ups.”
“Just think of this as a hike through a beautiful forest.” 
“You make it sound as if we’re out for a Sunday stroll, not in a jungle infested with trigger-happy soldiers who give the phrase ‘gorillas in the mist’ a new meaning.”
A couple of hornbills flew overhead, screeching like donkeys on steroids. 
“This place creeps me out,” Karen whispered. “You know there are leopards in here and warthogs with sharp teeth and pythons with enough venom to kill an elephant.”
“And lions and tigers and bears, oh my!” Angelina said, bringing her hands to her cheeks.
“Fine, make jokes, but this ain’t Kansas anymore.”
Angelina laughed, the sound absorbed in the spongy leaves around them.
“Still, my personal favorite is the forest buffalo,” Karen said.
“Why?” 
“Talk about a strange way to die.” She turned to look behind her at a rustling in the branches. There were only dark green shadows and she faced forward again, picking up the pace. “I read it in a book somewhere. If you don’t climb high enough in a tree to get completely away from the creature, it will lick the clothes off your legs. Then it starts on your skin, then the muscles, all the way down to your bones.”
The scream of a horrified monkey reached them from the left.
“Now you’re scaring the natives,” Angelina sighed.
“Good, because they scare me.” She stepped over a fallen tree trunk and the thorns of a nearby liana dragged through her hair. She tugged it free with a careless hand and blood rose to the surface of an inch-long rip on her palm. She raised her hand to her lips, sucking the blood from her skin. “This place is tearing me to shreds.”
“Why did you volunteer?” 
“It seemed a good idea at the time.”
“You don’t think you’re being a little paranoid?”
“Fear is not paranoia, it keeps people healthy.”
The sound of the birds echoed under the canopy. Taking bigger steps to keep up, Karen wiped the sweat running down her face and slid across the muddy path. It was a mistake, she thought. She could feel the hair on her body standing at attention despite the sweat that dripped from every inch of her skin. Her mother had taught her to pay attention to her instincts and her instincts were on full-blown, get-the-hell-out-of-here red alert. 
But then again, her mother had also told her to marry Dick the Prick and look how well that had turned out. She was divorced, childless, and stumbling toward her thirty-ninth birthday. It wasn’t fair. None of it was fair, least of all getting stuck with Angelina. A bee tickled the back of her neck, but she didn’t move it as it fed on her sweat. There would be more soon. She hated the bees. 
“I want to die the conventional way,” she said, the sound of her own voice reassuring her. ”I want to eat lots of junk food and give up exercise. I already worry too much, so I have stress down to an art. A little shortness of breath, a few chest pains, and I’ll collapse on my living room floor watching sitcom re-runs with a doughnut in my hand. That I can deal with.”
She jumped as something red and furry flew across the path in front of her. 
“Are you listening to me?” she snapped and smacked her hand against her arm, squashing a mosquito, blood staining her hand.
“You want to die with a doughnut in your hand.”
She sighed and wiped the blood on her pants. “The point I’m trying to make is I do not want to die here.”
Turning, Angelina stopped to look at her, causing Karen to come to a sudden surprised stop. “Most animals will leave you alone if you leave them alone,” she said, swatting at the flies around her face. “They don’t go out of their way to kill people, just like you don’t go out of your way to step on frogs. Animals kill in self-defense or surprise, very rarely in spite.”
“You forgot hunger.”
“The last time I checked we were still at the top of the food chain. So just watch where you walk and keep talking because you’re scaring them off just beautifully.” 
“Fine. I’ll just keep my paranoid delusions to myself.” 
“Thanks.”
Angelina turned toward the sound of a stream in the distance. The water moved lethargically among semi-stagnant pools heavy with slime, insects zigzagging over the surface. Colorful butterflies mobbed the mud, drinking water from the pools, their scarlet wings like sailboats. Catching one, Angelina examined it.
“Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?”
“Yeah, gorgeous,” Karen said, eyeing it suspiciously and waiting for giant teeth to emerge from its tiny face.
“Did you know they drink blood? It’s the protein they like.”
The wings flapped slowly then the butterfly flew up over their heads, disappearing behind the branches of a tree. Angelina returned her attention to the brown water of the stream, trying to judge its depth. Taking her pack off, she held it above her head and waded waist-high into the slimy water. She slipped, almost falling as the pack made balance difficult. Reaching the other side, she dropped it on the ground and turned. Karen stood watching the water nervously. 
“If we follow this stream, it will lead us to a path at the foot of the mountain that we can follow to the village. It’s on this side of the water so you’re going to have to cross.”
Karen looked upstream, thinking that if they made it out alive she was going back home on the next plane out. This was crazy, not in the books, out of the question, insane. Lifting her pack, she walked into the dark, warm water.
***
 It was the tiniest movement. A leaf rose slowly, barely moving the air around it. On the leaf sat a bee, not disturbed by the eyes that, inches away, looked past it to where the woman pushed through the waist-high water. He was completely still. He did not feel the thorns of a liana dig into his arm and he did not wipe the sweat that ran down into his eyes, stinging him. He knew that soon his patience would be rewarded and felt the hatred come to his heart. He could not remember a time when he did not feel the hatred. He carried it around like the gun at his side.
The loud one crossed the water now. She was not happy and complained like women do. The other one was stronger and quiet. She did not wake the spirits of the forest with her noise. But she was foolish because she was here in a place that swallowed people alive, fed on their flesh, and grew tall on their bones.
He had become used to the waiting, as he had become used to the killing. In the beginning, it had not been so easy, but since then he had seen things to change him. In the beginning, he had not yet done the things that made him a good soldier, and he had not yet been able to feel nothing. 
That was before, when he lived on the hill in his home country of Rwanda. When he lived with his brothers and the whore that was his mother. But he had taken care of her and that Tutsi cockroach she had married. She had disgraced him in front of his friends. She had not listened to his warnings and she had run off and married the Tutsi after his father’s death. He had no choice because he was a good Hutu. He had done his job and done it well. His father would have said he was a good son.
He had killed the Tutsi cockroach, cut off his hands and feet, and watched him crawl. Had watched him beg before he cut his head off. Only it had been a strong neck and his blade had not been sharp. It had taken much time and much blood. It was before he became a soldier. Before he had a gun and a uniform. 
He could still see his mother’s face that morning when he and his friends had blown their whistles outside her rugo. How she had come running out and thrown herself at his feet and begged him. He had been strong and righteous and he had brought the panga down on her neck. He had watched her scream and crawl away, trying to get away from him, he who was a good Hutu. But he had killed her, had cut off her head, then found the baby inside the rugo and had cut its throat. He did not like doing that. But every cockroach had to die because the babies would grow into big cockroaches. So he had blown his whistle and he had covered his body in the blood of the cockroaches and those who would help them. 
Now he was a good soldier. Now he could feel only hatred. Hatred for the white faces like the hatred he knew for the cockroaches. It was the white faces who interfered with the justice his people would take. It was the white faces who did not understand the importance of his job.
And so he waited and he watched. He was a soldier now; he would do his job. 
He would do it well.
***
The forest floor rose higher with every step. Breathing had been hard before; now it was like trying to breathe through a sponge, and their progress slowed. Monkeys screamed above and Angelina glanced up, seeing only the moving branches. She tripped on a root and swore, returning her eyes to the ground in front of her.
The tree trunks were covered with moss and dark green creepers. A little, brown tortoise munched on a fungus and withdrew his head, flattening himself as they walked by. Angelina stopped and hung onto a liana, willing her legs not to give in to gravity. From behind her came the ka-ka-ka of disturbed guinea fowl scratching in the undergrowth. She turned back, looking past the trees, trying to pierce the filtered light through the dense shrubs. 
“What?” Karen asked, stopping next to her.
“Something is following us.” 
“Of course something is following us. We’re a walking buffet for everything that bites.” She swatted at her neck as another fly bit her, adding to the intricate design of swollen red spots covering her body. “Will you go on before every bloodsucking creature catches up with us?”
Angelina scanned the trees again then turned back up the tiny path. It was just the forest, she told herself and walked faster. An hour later, they heard the faint sounds of children shouting.
“Do you hear that?” Karen asked, turning to her.
She nodded and pushed on. The path twisted away from the sounds and then back toward them, until the sudden brightness of a clearing blinded her. Blinking, she lifted her hand to shield her eyes from the glare of the sun. A broad path led between mud and wattle huts. In a clearing to the left, a giant mango tree shielded children at play. A woman kneeled outside her hut, grating a tuber over a wooden bowl, the baby on her back tied down with a blanket. She stood as they approached, then disappeared inside her hut.
The children caught sight of the strangers and their playing stopped. They grew silent. Walking toward them, Angelina smiled, trying to reassure them, but they retreated backwards then turned and ran up the path.
“That went well.” 
Six brown, floppy-eared goats lay under the tree, their jaws munching, and their blank stares following her as she walked toward the school hut. She dropped her pack on the narrow verandah of the cement block building and stretched her back, looking up at the corrugated tin roof where hornets’ nests clung. She glanced inside a door to her left. The mud floor was covered with bat droppings, the acrid smell trapped in the room despite the glassless window. Brown termite passages snaked up the walls to the roof. There were no desks. The school had not been used in a long time.
***
Karen stood and smiled as an old man in brown trousers and a dotted Minnie Mouse shirt limped closer. 
“You must not be here,” he said waving his arm in a gesture that they must go.
Not taken aback by the old man’s hostility, Karen smiled, then said, “We’re with the United Nations, we’re looking for refugees. A man at the camp said . . .” 
“Go,” the old man said, cutting her off with a shove to her shoulder.
Karen stumbled backwards, catching herself on the tree.
“Hey, you nasty little creep, quit shoving or I’ll bean you one,” she threatened, moving forward. But as his face came closer, she retreated, not wanting to get any nearer to his three teeth or the pus running from the corner of his swollen left eye.
“Refugees in camps,” he barked, then turned his back to her and walked away.
Frowning, she watched as he disappeared inside a hut.
“What did he say?” Angelina asked, coming up behind her.
“Just the usual pleasantries. Hello. How are you? Fuck off. ”
“He said that?”
“Not in so many words.”
“Did you ask him about the refugees?”
“Said they’re in the camps.” 
A dog trotted over the hard-baked earth in front of a hut and glanced at them. It stopped and lifted its leg to its ear, scratching before lying down in the sun to sleep. 
“Something is very weird about this place,” Karen muttered.
Twelve huts in good condition stood in the clearing, one of the mud walls still damp from a new coating, so where was everyone? She sat down again, rested her head on her arms, and watched the chickens scratching in the dirt. Angelina glanced around then headed for the hut the old man had disappeared into. She ducked inside and the old man bolted out, followed by three women.
“If you want us to leave, tell us where the refugees are,” Angelina demanded, chasing them. 
 They ignored her so she targeted the old man, who tried to avoid her by disappearing inside another hut. 
The second hut must have been empty since nobody came scurrying out. A loud bang scattered the chickens in front of the door. Dust and ash flew out, followed by the old man chattering loudly in protest. He turned on Angelina who followed right behind him. High-pitched sounds fired from his mouth as he faced her, his arms gesturing wildly. 
“You talk, and then we go,” Angelina shouted back, staring him down.
“You go, girl!” Karen shouted from under the tree.
The children returned to watch the excitement; a dog, his ribs visible under his skin, followed them as they came to stand in the shade of the tree. Keeping a safe distance, they watched as the little man disappeared behind a third hut.
Only Angelina doesn’t give up, Karen thought, and felt sorry for him.
Yelling erupted, things were thrown, and she hoped his aim was good. The villagers were starting to reappear, slowly making their way out of their huts and from the forest into the clearing. They looked nervous, their eyes darting between Karen and the forest trees behind her. She looked back, scanning the shadows of the forest before turning back to the noise coming from behind the hut. A black cooking pot flew through the air, and the children exploded into laugher and pointed, jumping up and down in enjoyment.
Catching one of the older boys looking at her, Karen smiled at him. 
“Hello,” she said quietly.
He smiled shyly at her.
“What is your name?” 
“Maurice,” he answered in a whisper, his eyes on the ground, his hands held tight behind his back. 
***
Angelina gave up following the old man and collapsed in an exhausted pile in the shade while the entire village stood in the clearing in an uproar.
“Well, it looks like you found the village people,” Karen said pulling a water bottle from her pack and taking a sip before holding it out to her. 
“Still leaves us short of a couple hundred refugees because that stubborn, pissy little man won’t tell me anything,” Angelina said taking great gulps of water. “We’ll just have to keep looking.” 
“They went west,” Karen said.
“Who did?”
“The refugees.”
Angelina gave her a blank look.
“They were here. They left yesterday morning because of reports of soldiers on the path we took. A little angel called Maurice whispered it in my ear,” she said, tilting her head in the boy’s direction.
“We can still catch up with them. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“What? And deprive these kids of the best entertainment they had all year?” 
Ignoring her, Angelina stood and headed for the schoolhouse.
“Angelina, wait, we can’t go after them today,” Karen yelled, miserable at the thought. “The sun goes down in three hours and every bone in my body hurts and I’m tired and hungry . . . and I’m talking to myself,” she trailed off. 
Frustration was eating away at her temper. 
“Angelina!” she shouted.
No reply.
She sat waiting, her head resting on her hands, her eyes closed. The villagers disappeared again and the children were quietly absorbed by the forest. Even the chickens stopped their scratching. The clearing was silent but for the sound of birds. A feeling of unease crept up her spine and she lifted her head and scanned the clearing. Maybe spending a night here would not be such a good idea after all.
“Angelina?”
Nothing.
She should have waited at the Land Rover and if she had listened to her mother, she wouldn’t even be here in the first place. She hated that her mother could still know more than she. She shivered, thinking the forest was creepier than usual. She got up and walked toward the schoolhouse. Coming round the side, she stepped onto the verandah. 
 “Maybe we should—” she started. Her voice trailed off.
Angelina lay face down on the ground, the muzzle of a machine gun pointed at the back of her head. The soldier holding it turned to look at Karen and smiled, his eyes bloodshot and arrogant. 
TWO
It was 6 am, the best time for a run and Josephine Carter was alone. She liked it that way. A coyote returning from his nightly hunt trotted over the dirt trail ahead of her, head hung low, eyeing her. He paused, sniffed the cool morning air, then shuffled into the high grass and disappeared. 
He was not disturbed by her presence any more than she was by his. He lived in tiny isolated pockets of wilderness surrounded by a busy city. The hills above the traffic were his home and trails for hikers cut through his living room. Every year new homes were built on a slope once covered by chaparral. Nobody really paid attention. She hadn’t at first. Not until a favorite back trail she used to run became part of an actress’s new dream home.
Reaching the top of the hill, she slowed to a walk, passed the doggy water fountain, and sat down on a bench overlooking a steep drop to the valley below. The San Gabriel Mountains in the distance were snow-capped and the sun was scaling the hills, turning the black shadows purple. She inhaled deeply, waiting for her heartbeat to return to normal. 
The winter air seemed clearer, cleaned by rain. It was her favorite time of year. She didn’t like the summer heat. It made her bad tempered, gave her headaches. In the summer she couldn’t see the mountains, wouldn’t even know the city was surrounded by them if she hadn’t lived in Los Angeles for seven winters. The smog made them invisible and gave the sky that burnt edge of dusty gray so dirty it made you want to hold your breath. In winter, the Santa Ana winds blew the smog out to sea. They were strong winds, blowing trucks over on freeway passes. 
A hawk soared up from the valley below, climbing to a view she envied. It was a good sunrise, pinks melted into orange. The blue sky settled in for the day. 
***
Approaching the front door, she heard the phone ring and trying to hurry, she dropped her keys.
“Shit!”
The answering machine picked up as she pushed the door open. Tripping over the rug, she reached the phone as somebody hung up, not leaving a message.
She headed up the stairs, two at a time, before turning toward the kitchen. She was always in a hurry, even on a Sunday. 
She poured herself some coffee, reached inside the pantry for the cereal box, and carried it to the center island. Something touched her skin and she saw a spider scurry over her hand. 
 She screamed, dropping her coffee cup and the box. The cup crashed to the floor and broke; the cereal box spilled its contents. Her fear of bugs was legendary among her friends. She sighed, and cleaned up the mess.
It was too early for a phone call not to be important. Even though she was available to her patients seven days a week, they hardly ever called at this time. Maybe Mrs. Armbruster was having another anxiety attack. She called at least four times a week, but it was too early even for her. Her maid never woke her before ten.
Not very hungry, she ate a spoonful of Cheerios before dumping the rest down the garbage disposal. She rinsed the dishes, put them in the dishwasher, and wiped down the already clean counter.
***
The phone rang and she reached for it, accidentally knocking files to the floor.
“Hello,” she said, scrambling to put the files back on her desk. 
“This is the operator, please hold for a call.”
Listening to the static, she reorganized her files. It had to be Angelina, somewhere in Africa. She was always in some backward third world country where a simple task like making a phone call was a problem on the same scale as balancing the national budget. She tapped her manicured nails on the table and noticed the polish was chipping on her left index finger. Time to make an appointment, she thought, intending to do that right after she spoke to Angelina. She probably needed money wired, or copies of her passport faxed to some embassy.
“Hello,” an unfamiliar male voice crackled over the line. “May I speak to a Josephine Carter, please?”
“Speaking.”
“Miss Carter, my name is Kevin Anderson. Your sister works for me at the refugee camp here in Mugunga. I am sorry to have to tell you this, but she’s been missing for two weeks.”
She listened to the static.
“Miss Carter, are you there?”
“Yes, I’m listening,” she said slowly, a bit confused and trying to keep a lid on the fear she could feel bubbling up. “Why have you waited so long to call me, Mr. Anderson?”
Angelina had disappeared before, she reminded herself.
“It isn’t unusual for some of our field officers to be gone for days, even weeks, in search of refugees in the forest.”
“Then why the alarm?”
The static sputtered as she waited for an answer. He hesitated and her muscles tensed in the space it took to breathe.
“Because the body of her companion was found this morning.”
“Oh God, that’s not good,” she said, giving into the fear. 
She inhaled sharply as she forced herself to calm down. Ignoring the burning tension in the pit of her stomach, her eyes focused on an old black and white photograph that sat on the edge of her desk. They were both ten in the photograph, blowing out birthday candles. Angelina wasn’t dead. Deep inside, in a place she couldn’t explain if she tried, she knew Angelina was alive. She cleared her throat, finding her voice.
“How did she die?”
“Miss Carter what we need—”
“How did she die?”
There was a pause, the static growing stronger from the silence.
“She was shot and her body burned.”
The image exploded in her brain. Getting up, she found her legs wouldn’t support her and quickly sat down again.
“Miss Carter, a search party did find signs to indicate that Angelina may still be alive. We have another search party leaving tomorrow morning. We are doing everything we can under the circumstances.”
“What circumstances?”
She thought she heard him swear, but couldn’t be sure. The static had taken over.
“Mr. Anderson?”
“I’m still here. We had better cut this short, the line is fading. We think it best that a member of the family be present. Can I get your fax number so I can send you details on how to get here?”
Africa? He wanted her to go halfway around the world to a country crawling with bugs? The thought threw her and she hesitated. She imagined Mr. Anderson waiting on the other side, his hand gripping a pen, a piece of paper ready to commit to her fax number and she was terrified of pronouncing those numbers. But Angelina was missing. Taking a deep breath, she gave him the number. She hoped he got it before the line went dead. 
Slowly, she put the phone down and sat staring at it. She had known this would happen someday, was only surprised it had taken this long. Her mind reeled with the sickening possibilities as she tried to follow a logical thought through the panic. Angelina had disappeared before, she told herself. The last time in Bolivia.
But this was different. An aid worker was dead.
Angelina was fine. In a couple of days Mr. Anderson would call again to say she was back, that it was a mistake, that he was sorry for the alarm. But what was she going to do until then? She needed to keep the panic down. Needed a distraction to keep the images at bay. What was she going to do with her patients? She grabbed a note pad, started a list. Then, once again in control, she made some phone calls. 
THREE
Kevin Anderson should’ve warned her. A little “ps” on the bottom of his detailed directions would have been nice. Just a little warning to leave all reason and logic at home because they weren’t needed in Africa. 
“Do not be upset, Miss Carter. The plane will come,” the airline clerk said.
Her flight from Dar Es Salaam to Kigoma was delayed for two days. She blinked at the airline clerk, opened her mouth, then closed it again like a fish out of water. She had no choice but to take a taxi into the city. 
Outside the airport, a man wrestled her luggage away and led her to a small red Fiat. The smell of beer reached her as empty bottles rolled out from under the seat. The car swerved around a pothole and her door swung open. She slammed it shut in time to prevent a pedestrian’s unhappy ending. 
Palm-lined streets were crowded with human traffic and she caught glimpses of ships tied up at the docks. Red-tiled roofs and old European style buildings surprised her. That they were falling apart did not. Neglect was the standard. A dusty haze settled on the city, turning orange in the setting sun. 
The hotel room had no air conditioning, no working phone, and no clean towels. It was a five star hoteli, the reception clerk kept repeating when she complained that her room had not been cleaned. When she was tempted to cross the street to a different hotel, the clerk informed her of the difficulty of finding another room. The city hotels were filled with aid workers and their families.
She stood on the terrace, waiting for her room to be cleaned. She watched those around her sitting at tables, sipping bottled water and Amstel beer. Waiters in dirty white aprons took orders from aid workers wearing T-shirts that proclaimed allegiance like a group of Star Trek fans. Tourists wore new khaki outfits ready for safari, their cameras and money belts close by.
An American couple argued with a waiter over the menu. The woman was a vegan vegetarian. She didn’t want her food cooked in melted butter and the waiter was puzzled. How else would one cook it? A blond man, one shade away from albino, ordered coffee in a thick Swedish accent. The man across from him ordered steak, well cooked. He emphasized the well cooked as he set aside the cutlery and pulled out his own.
A low, sultry laugh drew her attention to a woman with long brown hair. She sat leaning forward across the table as she flirted with a man in French. The woman reminded her of Angelina. It was the laugh and the tilt of her head.
 Tired, she closed her eyes and rubbed them with her fingers. She was dehydrated, her tongue thick. Maybe drinking red wine throughout the flight from London had been a mistake. Maybe some food would help.
There were no empty tables so she joined the throng of people walking along the sidewalk and went in search of a restaurant. She glanced at her watch. It was nine and the temperature was finally getting comfortable. The sound of conga rhythms filled the streets near the water as people flowed into dance halls, the cracked pavement suffering under the constant traffic. A crowd descended on a full bus as it stopped in a cloud of smoke along the street. It stood at a crazy tilt, threatening to fall over as people piled in.
A girl approached her with bread, boiled eggs, and fish. The smell followed her down the street long after the little girl had gone away. A man grabbed Josephine’s arm, his face close to hers, his breath stinking of alcohol. She pulled back and his grip grew tighter. 
“Please, you are rich. Give me money.”
Was he mugging her or begging? She didn’t want to hang around to find out and jerked her arm free, slipping into an Indian restaurant. He stayed on the street, watching her as she sat down at a table. She should have stayed at the hotel. The menu was non-existent so she ordered a meal by pointing at dishes around her and tried to ignore the man watching her. She ate her meal quickly, happy only that when she was ready to go, he was gone.
At midnight, her stomach cramps drove her to the bathroom and in the morning she opened her eyes to watch a cockroach, inches from her face, scuttle across the bathroom floor. Sucking vomit-flavored saliva down her sore throat, she pushed herself off the floor and stood under the shower in her silk pajamas. Turning the faucet, she waited for the water. The pipes groaned, gurgled, and shook, but there was no water. She climbed slowly out of the tub again and got dressed.
At midday, she took a flight to Dodoma. It was halfway to Kigoma, progress in the right direction. She could catch a connecting flight there, she was told. The airplane was crowded and old, the backrest on her seat broken. It would only incline all the way back. The flight was full so she spent the two hours sitting up. It was better than lying down in the man’s lap behind her, looking up his huge nostrils.
After sitting for six hours in the stuffy airport in Dodoma, she watched her long-overdue connecting flight approach the runway. It did not slow down and it did not lose altitude. She watched, astonished, as it flew over and disappeared beyond the horizon. There were only two passengers to pick up, the airline clerk explained, not enough to make a scheduled stop. It flew on to its next destination, Kigoma.
“Do not be upset, Miss Carter. In one day another plane will come,” the airline clerk promised.
She found another taxi to take her to another hotel in another neglected city. The young driver smiled at her with big white teeth as she checked under the seats for beer bottles. Satisfied, she got in and closed the door. He slammed his foot down on the accelerator and the little Nissan shot away from the curb, narrowly missing a pedestrian. 
 Fifteen lifetimes later, it came to a sudden stop in front of a purple hotel and she crawled out of the back seat and threw up on the sidewalk. She had never been so scared in her life. After recovering the muscles in her legs, she walked to her room and collapsed on the bed. She ate crackers and went to sleep.
It was after dark when she felt tiny feet crawl up her back. She screamed, jumped out of bed, and lunged around in the dark trying to dislodge the creature. It scrambled into her hair and held on. Finally grabbing it by a tail, she flung it across the room and flicked on the light to see it disappear into a hole in the wall. She spent the rest of the night sitting in a chair with the light on.
The next day the plane did come, but it departed two hours early so she missed it.
“Do not be upset, Miss Carter. Tomorrow another plane will come.”
She slept at the airport, on the dirty cold floor in front of the door that led to the plane that arrived on time the following day. Dripping sweat in her window seat, she glared out at the tarmac below to the luggage that sat on the runway, her three suitcases making up most of it. Her life depended on those suitcases. She needed everything in them: insect repellent, filters, purifying tablets, antibiotics, Imodium, bed nets, malaria tablets, and first aid kit. 
The flight attendant reassured her in broken English that her luggage would be put on the plane, and then returned to her conversation with a man in a business suit. Josephine made it to Kigoma. Her luggage did not, and that’s when she knew she was going to die. 
***
She stood outside the tiny airport building in Kigoma, looking at an old colonial town left to decay on the edge of Lake Tanganyika. The crumbling buildings were interspersed with tin shacks, absorbing the sun’s heat. It was dry and hot, the force of the heat oppressive. She could taste the air on her tongue, the dusty flavor sucking the moisture from her mouth. 
The main dirt road was lined with giant mango trees, their leaves covered in a layer of dust. Dogs lay panting in the shade and a woman sat under a bright red umbrella, selling fruit and swatting flies. A man in green overalls lay sleeping next to one of the two pumps at the BP gas station. Near the market on every patch of grass, Africans were stretched out asleep. Four days ago, she would have thought them lazy. Not anymore. Getting from here to there on this continent was something only crazy people and Westerners did. If you knew better, you stayed put. 
Her white silk shirt was sticky with sweat and brown with dust. Her Calvin Klein jeans felt heavy and uncomfortable in the heat. The blister on her right foot had popped hours ago, the pain now a dull throb. She looked down at her new boots. She had been so proud of them. They were the thickest, tallest, and most expensive the catalogue had to offer. Guaranteed to outlive you. In this place, that was hardly a stretch, she thought.
Brushing her fingers through her knotted hair, she looked back at the building behind her. She had never felt so tired, hungry, dirty, and disgusted as she did at that moment, and there was nothing she could do about it. Resigned, she picked up her remaining bag and walked back into the airport building. Someone who resembled an airline official sat behind the biggest, shiniest desk she had ever seen. Except for a phone and the papers in his hands, it was empty. She looked out to where a couple of small planes sat on the runway.
“Excuse me.”
The official finished shuffling his papers before looking up at her with a polite smile. 
“Yes, how I can help you?” 
“There was a UN plane here three days ago that I was supposed to take to Goma but my flight in Dar es Salaam was delayed, and I missed the UN plane. Can you tell me if maybe one of the planes on the runway could take me?”
He looked down at the papers in his hand.
“The UN plane to Goma, it leave three days ago,” he said, shuffling through his papers.
“Yes, I know. My flight in Dar es Salaam was delayed so I missed it.”
“You miss the flight to Dar es Salaam too. It leave yesterday.”
She stared at him and took a deep breath before continuing, “No. You don’t understand. I need to go to Goma, not Dar es Salaam.”
“No. Miss . . . ?”
“Miss Carter,” she answered, slowly gritting her teeth.
“Miss Carter,” he said, smiling with patience. “The flight to Goma, it leave three days ago. You miss it. I am sorry for this.” 
She put her bag on the floor and closed her eyes, taking deep breaths. It was all wrong. Everything was wrong. She came from a world where people made appointments weeks in advance and kept them. A world in which you could reach anybody at any time because everybody had a pager and a cell phone and a car phone and an office phone and a home phone with an answering machine, just in case. She didn’t have the skills for third world countries, didn’t know the rules, and it was draining her fast. 
The official watched her, puzzled by this white woman’s strange behavior.
 “Do not be upset, Miss Carter. In four days another plane will come.”
Her eyes snapped open. She launched herself across the desk, grabbing his shirt between her fists and pulling his face close to hers. 
“Look, you lousy Swissair wannabe, in four days I have puked my guts out on food not fit for a dog. I haven’t slept. I haven’t showered and my luggage has vanished. A taxi driver tried to kill me and the only living family I have disappeared in one of your damn bug-infested jungles and I hate bugs. Can’t stand them! Don’t tell me not to get upset. I’m upset. Very, very upset. Now get me the hell on a plane to Goma,” she screamed, shaking him by his shirt, “or so help me God I’ll stuff your head so far up your ass, I’ll wrap it around your spleen.”
The official looked stunned and sat unmoving in her grip.
“That sounds like a fatal condition. You had better do as she says,” an amused voice said from behind her. 
The words snapped her out of her temper and she released her hold on the shirt. Suddenly ashamed, she smoothed the wrinkles and straightened the collar. She tried a smile of apology, but failed. The official took a couple of hurried steps backwards before taking his horrified eyes off her, then turned and exited through a door, locking it behind him. 
She moved away from the desk, straightened her shoulders, and ran a hand through her hair. Then with the most dignified attitude she could scrape up, she turned to face the voice. She always felt like a bigger fool if the person watching was good looking. Right then she was feeling like a huge fool and didn’t think she should take all the blame. He could have had the common decency to be ugly. 
His sleeves were rolled up, revealing tanned, muscular arms matching his tanned muscular legs. His blond hair needed a cut, she thought critically, eyeing it where it escaped from under a baseball cap that made him look American. He was tall with broad shoulders. He must not have heard of sunscreen. Lines were etched in his face, but it was a face in which any flaw was quickly forgiven. His blue eyes watched her intently, his lips pulled in lines of amusement at her discomfort. He was beautiful, it was true. She frowned at him, figuring there was nothing else she could do in the situation.
“Having communication problems?” he asked.
“No. Transport.”
“Dr. Carter, I presume,” he smiled.
A smile shouldn’t have that kind of an effect on anybody, she thought, hating the nervous tongue-tied feeling that suddenly paralyzed her. Get a grip, she told herself, then realized what he had said.
“How did you know?” 
“You fit the description of ‘American white woman,’” he said, reaching for her bag. “Not many around.”
Not waiting for her, he turned and exited the building, forcing her to follow. 
“Wait a minute. Who sent you?” she asked, limping down the road after him.
“Kevin Anderson asked if I would take you up to Goma. It’s too late to fly today. We’ll leave first thing tomorrow morning. I’ve arranged a room for you in town.”
He walked fast, leaving her a great view of his tight ass.
“Do you work for the UN?” she asked. 
He turned to look at her and caught her eyes making a desperate scramble for higher ground. 
“No, I owe Kevin a favor.”
He didn’t elaborate and turned left between two rusty iron gateposts that led to a big house. The whitewashed building with a red corrugated tin roof stood shaded by trees and surrounded by a garden. Shutters hung askew and balconies sagged, but flowers exploded with color from every flower bed, giving it a welcoming charm.
He pulled a key out of his pocket and handed it to her. “This is the best hotel in town.” He pointed to a door. “That’s your room. Take a shower and relax for a couple of hours. I’ll fetch you when it’s time for dinner.”
“Okay.”
He looked at her then, pausing. Taking her bag from him, she unlocked the door and he turned to leave.
“Wait. You didn’t tell me your name.”
“Simon Frazer.” 
“Thank you, Simon.”
“You’re welcome,” he called over his shoulder and walked away.
She watched him disappear through the gates before closing her door. 
***
He drew a cigarette from a Marlboro pack then held it toward her, offering her one. She shook her head. They sat at a table on the verandah of the Railway Hotel overlooking the lake. The sunset fired the water, giving it a pink glow. The silhouette of a man paddling across the lake stood out against the glitter. Simon struck a match, cupped his hands around the cigarette, lit it, and watched her shift in her chair as the smoke reached her. 
She hated the smoke. He could tell by the way she tried to control her breathing, as if she had to think about doing something that was normally an automatic process. She pulled a disinfectant towel from her bag, pulled off the plastic, and cleaned her cutlery.
 “What brought you to Africa?” she asked uncomfortably.
Smoke, silence and germs. She didn’t like any of them and Africa had more than its share of them all. She wasn’t going to last. It was a pity, she wasn’t half bad looking.
“My mother. I was born here,” he said, answering her question after a silence.
“Here?”
He nodded. “My family owns a farm in Kenya.”
It surprised her. The thought that white people were born in Africa was not one that crossed many people’s minds. He should have been used to it, but he wasn’t. It irritated him. Made him feel like he had no right to his homeland because of the color of his skin. A racist idea no matter how you looked at it, and everything on the continent came down to race sooner or later.
“But your accent is British.”
“Boarding schools in England are known to produce those, if nothing else.”
“Sounds like an interesting childhood.”
Somehow the ‘interesting’ in her sentence didn’t sound like the good kind, more like a polite way of saying ‘you poor bastard.’ A waiter in a white uniform arrived to take their order and she scanned the menu suspiciously.
“The food here is safe,” he said, reading her mind.
 The waiter beamed at the compliment, straightening a little.
“In that case, I’ll have the steak. Well cooked.”
The waiter shook his head slowly. “I regret to inform you we have no steak tonight, Miss.”
Simon watched her as she looked at the menu again. He knew one thing about her by just looking. She wasn’t here by choice. Women like her didn’t make it to this part of Africa by choice. Her type preferred the luxury camps of Kenya where travel brochures included a picture of bathroom facilities. His eyes were drawn to her lips. They were full, almost too full. He frowned, thinking it was getting harder to tell which parts of a woman were real, and his eyes dropped to her chest. Too flat to be fake. Her hair was almost red and he wondered if she was as attractive without the make-up.
She asked for the chicken.
The waiter shook his head sadly. “I regret to inform you the chicken it is not good tonight, Miss.”
Her puzzled expression turned to doubt and she shot him a look. She sat up straighter and taking a deep breath asked the waiter. 
“What do you recommend?” 
She caught on eventually, he decided.
Smiling, the waiter answered, “Our fish is excellent tonight, Miss.”
“Then I will have the fish.”
“That is a good choice, Miss,” he beamed before turning to Simon. 
“The fish sounds good.”
The waiter left heading for the kitchen and she followed his exit with her eyes and frowned.
“You will get the hang of it if you give it a chance,” he said.
“Excuse me?”
“Africa,” he said. ”You can’t compare it to your standards. Try to understand it by African standards and it may teach you something.”
“I’m not here to learn something new. I’ve never liked a place less.” She paused and, taking a deep breath, looked away. “Sorry. My time here so far has been pretty brutal. I guess you must love it here.”
“You mean because I live here?” he asked. 
She nodded.
“I suppose I do,” he said and leaned back in his chair, an amused look on his face. 
She looked out over the lake, avoiding his gaze, and he followed her eyes over the water. Wild geese flew low, catching the last of the day’s sun on their wings. Their cries echoed across the lake, mixing with the sounds of the small waves washing up on the beach. The fishermen’s boats lay pulled up on the shore, the day’s catch done. 
“It’s beautiful in a way,” she offered and he turned to watch her again.
The scent of an expensive perfume reached him. Probably just part of the routine, he decided. She looked like the polished city girl she was, so she might as well smell like one. Her skin was smooth, slightly tanned, but free of any sign that would give away her age. No scars, no birthmarks, no wrinkles. Even her voice was smooth and modulated as if trained into control. He had never known anybody so unmarked by life and wondered how much longer she could pull it off. Judging by her present location, not too much longer.
“Aren’t you going to ask me why I’m here?” 
He gave her a sardonic smile. “Maybe I already know.”
“Do you?”
He hesitated before answering. “Why are you here?” he asked, refilling his glass of beer. 
“My sister works at the refugee camp. She disappeared a month ago.” 
He sat watching her.
“They have probably already found her.”
She said it as if she needed to believe it, so he nodded.
“I just want to find my sister and get out of here.” 
“Probably a good decision.”
“Why do you say that?” she asked, irritation clear in her voice.
“It will change you if you stay too long.”
She frowned and looked quickly out toward the lake where the lake birds swooped down over the water. “It’s just a place, like any other place. Why would it change me?”
“It already has.”
“You haven’t known me long enough to say something like that.”
He leaned forward. “This morning, at the airport. Have you ever threatened anyone like that before?”
She stared at him, refusing to admit it, then shrugged as if to say it didn’t matter.
“In a couple of weeks, I’ll be home and this will only be a bad memory.”
 He lifted his glass. 
“To bad memories then.”
***
Simon revved the engines on the DC3 and it raced down the dirt runway, hopping over bumps before picking up speed and climbing into the sky. Josephine relaxed her hold on the seat and looked down at Kigoma with its dirt roads and rust-colored roofs. She watched as it turned into a tiny speck dwarfed by the huge lake, then sighed and settled in her seat for the flight north. She had slept well and should have felt rested, but her muscles still ached.
“You’ve done this before?” she asked Simon, yelling over the noise of the engines. He pointed to the headphones on her left and she put them on, fiddling with the volume before repeating her question. “Have you been flying a long time?”
“A couple of days.”
She looked startled but didn’t comment, hoping he was joking.
She changed the subject. “Simon, what’s the system?” 
“Were you trying to make a phone call?”
She nodded. 
“The only way the operator will connect you is with a bribe. You have to say you want to be connected on the system. Somebody will come by your room to collect ten dollars and in seconds you’re talking to the world.”
“Isn’t that against the law?”
He shrugged. “They have to make a living somehow. The government hasn’t paid its people in decades. It’s quite clever of them, really.”
She might as well be on another planet. She thought about what he had said the night before about a place changing you. She couldn’t get it out of her mind and she turned to look at him, watching his hands on the controls. They were strong hands, the nails short and dirty, the skin probably hard. Working hands. What would they feel like on skin, she wondered?
Not liking where her thoughts were going, she looked down at the lake. Fishing villages dotted the dark blue shores, and beyond them, the savannah spread out from the lake to the horizon: a huge empty space. No roads. No buildings. No telephone poles. Just that huge emptiness that stretched from one horizon to the next. It was somehow comforting to know that great open spaces like this still existed. She just never wanted to actually have to deal with them.
They followed Lake Tanganyika north as it formed a natural boundary between Zaire on its western shore and Tanzania on the east. Hills spread from the shore inland, the trees around the villages cut well back. 
“What happened to the trees?” she asked. 
“Firewood. Every day villagers are forced to walk longer in search of it. You’ll see when we get to Gombe what it’s supposed to look like.”
Gombe turned out to be Gombe National Park. It was clear just how much the area’s trees had been devastated. In the park, thick trees covered the hills all the way to the lake shore and she stared down, thinking the name of the park sounded familiar. 
“Isn’t this where Jane Goodall did her research on chimps?” 
He nodded and she returned her attention back to the changing landscape. The further north they flew, the more the flat savannah gave way to dense, forest-covered mountains. They flew over the green slopes of Burundi, and its neighbor to the north, Rwanda. The hill country looked peaceful and it was hard to imagine it the site of genocide. This was where the images on CNN came from. Mutilated bodies and rivers red with blood. The mud houses looked deserted now, the twisting dirt roads empty and the fields peaceful. The population had migrated across the border into refugee camps.
“It looks so quiet now.”
“Bodies are still flowing down rivers into Lake Victoria.”
She turned to look at him. “It should have been stopped.”
“By whom?” 
“The UN.”
He snorted in disgust. “The UN condemned what was happening in Rwanda, and called it a civil war, a massacre, anything but genocide until it was too late.”
 “Why would they do that?”
 “Because if they had called it genocide then legally they were responsible for stopping it and punishing the killers. They stood on the side of the road and watched it happen, then sat down with the murderers and asked them to confirm their suspicions. Nobody wanted the moral obligation, not America, not Europe, and certainly not the UN. It wasn’t an official genocide until it was over, until there was nothing anybody could do anymore.” 
His anger surprised her and she studied him until he flicked a glance her way and she looked down at the black mirror of a lake below them.
The town of Goma was at the northern end of Lake Kivu, on the border between Zaire and Rwanda. At five thousand feet, Lake Kivu was the highest of the central lakes. It was situated in a rift formed by the surrounding mountains. Beautiful tiny islands and coves lay hidden by the steep, dark walls of ancient volcanoes. A group of wild geese flew in formation above the dark blue water below them, and then veered off as the plane’s black shadow skimmed the water’s surface.
They reached the northern end of the lake and a trail of smoke caught her eye. It stood out against the cloudless blue sky like a finger pointing the way to heaven. At first, she thought it was a forest fire, but the closer they flew the more she realized that it was coming out of the center of a cone-shaped mountain.
“What’s that?” she asked, pointing toward what she suddenly realized looked suspiciously like a volcano. 
“That is a volcano.”
“But there is smoke coming out of it,” she blurted.
“Active volcanoes do that,” he said, glancing at her. She didn’t seem impressed so he continued. “Nyiragongo is one of Africa’s most active volcanoes. It’s part of the Virunga Volcanic Chain and that town we can almost see, sitting at the foot of it, is Goma.”
“Goma,” she breathed.
Nobody had told her an active volcano was part of the deal. Disease, guns, snakes, and bugs she knew about. She was prepared for those, but an active volcano?
“Is it going to erupt?” 
“Nobody knows for sure.”
“Aren’t they monitoring it?”
“The volcanolocial observatory was abandoned when the unrest began.” 
“And when was the last time it erupted?”
“A long, long time ago, but the lava lake drained in 1977 and it only took an hour. The lava came within 600 meters of the Goma airport, killing seventy people.”
“That’s just great.”
He grinned. 
She ignored him and, squinting, tried to make out the white stuff at the foot of the volcano. It wasn’t until they flew over it that she realized the white was actually the light blue of plastic sheeting from thousands of makeshift tents. The shelters covered mile upon mile of barren black volcanic ground.
“Christ, that’s the refugee camp!”
He nodded. “One of them.”
“But all those refugees, why don’t they move them?”
“It’s not that simple. You can’t just move half a million people.” He noticed her horrified expression. “Don’t worry about it. The UN has decided to rehabilitate the observatory and they have a two-step evacuation plan all set up. If the volcano erupts, the first step is to turn your back on it, and the second is to run like hell.”
“That’s not funny.”
He smiled anyway and banked the plane sharply to the left. The sky above the town was stained brown, reminding her of the smog back home. They circled the crater filled with a glowing lava lake.
“The jungle to the left is Virunga National Park,” he said, his voice raised above the engine’s hum. “It‘s Africa’s oldest game park and attracts tourists because of its gorillas. Only now, the gorillas are threatened more than ever by local soldiers and refugees. The soldiers need money to finance their wars, and gorilla poaching is very lucrative.” He pointed out of the window on his side. “See the clearing that is being cut into the forest?” 
She leaned over to see where he was pointing and saw trees being cut down. Huge chunks were eaten out of the forest as if by a monster caterpillar. 
“The refugees need firewood so they come to the park. They are cutting into rare virgin forest. It’s one of the problems that come with refugee camps. The surrounding environment goes to hell.”
“Won’t the forest grow back after they leave?” 
“Sure, but it will never be the same.”
She turned away from his side of the cockpit and looked out of her window. Her eyes were suddenly captivated by the ridges of the mountains as they rose above the forest floor and curved west. Her heart sank as her mind registered what she was looking at.
It was gigantic.
The jungle was one enormous carpet of green as it spread west beyond the horizon. It was thick, impenetrable jungle and Angelina was down there somewhere. Her hands clenched into fists and taking a deep breath, she sat up straight and pulled her thoughts back from the panic. The plane descended, approaching the runway of a tiny airport crammed with planes, and she wondered if there was room for even one more small plane. The runway looked like a busy main street as people moved along it.
“Shouldn’t we wait until they clear the runway?”
“It’ll clear.”
“But the people . . .”
“They move.” 
The wheels skidded as they touched down and the old plane shook as Simon applied the brakes. She gritted her teeth and held on tight, closing her eyes as people scrambled out of the way or simply ducked under the plane’s wings. A man on a bicycle passed in front of them, not disturbed when they narrowly missed him.
Huge planes unloading cargo filled every corner of the tiny airport. Long lines of workers carried bags of grain on their backs and marched like ants between a UN plane and a hangar. They dumped the bags on top of others that formed the mountain of food sent from far-away governments.
White men and women in logo T-shirts walked around with clipboards and radios, checking lists, handing out papers. Soldiers dressed in fatigues and armed with automatic weapons stood watching the activity and guarding the store. Officers in jungle boots and tropical camouflage smoked cigarettes and watched them. Simon pulled into a tiny space between two Red Cross planes, their giant bellies empty. He cut the engine and smiled at her.
“Welcome to the Garden of Eden.”
“Garden?”
“It’s what they used to call the place.”
She opened the door and the smell of thousands of cooking fires and volcanic ash hit her hard. Coughing, she buried her face in her T-shirt and looked out across the haze at a Land Rover moving toward them. 
“Well, somebody’s burning down the garden,” she yelled over the roar of a plane taking off.
Simon grinned at her struggle to breathe and nodded toward the approaching car.
 “That’s Kevin,” he said, walking ahead.
A man so tall and thin he reminded her of a stick man unfolded his legs from the car and bolted toward them. He greeted Simon with a friendly handshake and a deep booming voice. Simon smiled, craning his neck to speak to the man. She grabbed her bag and joined them. Kevin Anderson introduced himself, giving her a limp handshake.
“Doctor Carter, hope the trip wasn’t too hard. See you only have one bag. Always liked a woman who travels light.”
“Please call me JC,” she said, deciding she would mention her lost suitcases later. “Have you found her?”
“Nothing yet. I’m hoping that with you here it will move things along with the local authorities. Come, we’ll drop off your bag,” he said, already moving toward the white Land Rover with the UNHCR logo on the door.
She looked back at Simon, swallowing her disappointment. A Boeing 737 screamed down the runway, filled with supplies.
“I’ll see you later,” he shouted. “I have to secure the plane for the night.”
She waved, then turned and got in the Land Rover, closing the door as Kevin floored the accelerator. They dodged across the airport between marching columns and she decided high speed must be some African road rule. There was no other way to explain why everybody felt the need to travel at the speed of light over broken roads.
The sun was fading fast but it was still hot and it was still sticky. She looked up at the red glow above the volcano, thinking that it only added to the heat down on the ground. Her eyes were itchy and irritated by the smoky air and she closed them, rubbing them.
“You’ll get used to it,” Kevin said, passing her a tissue.
She took it and wiped her eyes. “Nobody should be used to this. Is it always this bad?”
 “Afraid so. Between cooking fires and the volcano, there’s not much fresh air left.”
The Land Rover hit a rut, sending her flying out of her seat.
“Better put on the belt. It’s a rough ride from here. The last search party that headed after your sister hasn’t returned yet. They are following the tracks far into the jungle. We are doing everything we can to find her.” 
“How can I help?” she asked, struggling with the seat belt.
“I’m hoping the local authorities will respond to your presence here. They have been no help so far. You must badger them. I am still hoping she will come walking out of the jungle by herself. She is resourceful and knows it better than most of us do. Spent every moment she could in it.”
The Land Rover bumped over a roller coaster road and she clung to her seat, sighing in relief when they reached a paved road outside of town. She relaxed her hold. He swerved to avoid a man on a bicycle and her head slammed against the door. She sat, rubbing her bruise and glaring at him, waiting for an apology that never came. He reached for a communications radio that sputtered to life on the dashboard, listened to the words it spat out, then screamed into it about not interfering with local politics.

When they reached the outskirts of Goma, she rolled her window down to stare at the neglected old buildings. It looked like a ghost of the old colonial town it used to be. Built by Europeans as a fashionable resort town in the days when Zaire was a Belgian colony, the shops stood empty now, the restaurants boarded up. The walls were riddled with bullet holes, the windows missing, like empty eye sockets on a skeleton. The cobblestones of the large boulevards were washed away, the roads turned to dirt. Where colorful flowers had bloomed on sidewalks, now weeds grew and the buildings lay abandoned, their bright pastel paints chipped and fading. 
“I’ve arranged for you to stay at the Catholic mission in town. It’s the best I could do.” 
They headed down Ave. Karisimbi, the street looking deserted despite the brand new painted sign.
“The town was looted by government troops,” he explained. “They pretty much destroyed it. When we arrived, we rebuilt some of it. Kind of breathed new life into the place.” 
They drove through the center of town, a square surrounded by busy, open-air restaurants where aid workers sat at white plastic tables eating club sandwiches, drinking imported wine and speaking on cell phones. A post office and bank stood across the road, rows of white, logo-branded, urban assault vehicles parked in a row in front of them. Kevin negotiated the Land Rover through the four-wheel traffic jam and slipped down a side street lined with restaurants, hotels, and stores. It was a contrast to the rest of the town and she blinked a couple of times to make sure it was real. She looked back as the Land Rover passed down another road and the noises of the busy center faded. 
They arrived in front of a two-story gray stone building with shuttered windows, a huge, thick stone wall surrounding it. Kevin brought the Land Rover to a sudden stop and jumped out. She climbed out more slowly as he pulled a bell next to a small door in the wall. It rang, echoing down the dark road. After a few minutes, they heard a bolt pulled back; the door opened and a nun in a black habit smiled out at them. 
FOUR
A knock on the door woke her and she bolted into a sitting position, her heart pounding. She was covered in sweat and breathed deeply, trying to calm down.
Another knock on the door.
She fought the mosquito net, trying to find a way out, then stepped on the floor, and winced at the pain. Slowly she limped her way across the room and opened the door slightly, staring out from between half-closed eyes.
Simon stood in the hallway, his hair wet, combed back but already starting to curl out of place.
“Simon . . . hi,” she croaked and frowned. She opened the door wider and turned back into the room. 
“I came to say good-bye. I fly back to Kenya today,” he said as he watched her limp back to the bed and pull a sheet off to wrap around her body. 
She was wearing a T-shirt that barely came to the top of her thighs. 
“Must be some favor,” she mumbled. “The only reason you flew all the way out here was to bring me?”
“Yes.”
A man of few words. She wondered where he had spent the night; he hadn’t met her for dinner as he said he would. 
“Let me take a look at your feet,” he said, indicating that she should sit down.
Lifting her feet onto the bed, he took her right foot in his hand and pulled back the skin on a blister, causing her to flinch.
“Wait here.”
Like she was going anywhere, she thought, too tired to move, her muscles aching. A metal bed and a chair made up the furniture in the room that was even bleaker in daylight. On a mosquito-splotched wall hung a wooden cross. There were no carpets on the gray concrete floor and the bare light bulb did not work. She had used a candle for light. 
Simon returned with a first aid kit.
“You have to take care of these or they will fester. The moisture will grow fungi under your skin.”
Her foot jumped as he disinfected the blisters, the sting burning deep into her flesh. He finished off with a bandage, then stood up and walked across the room to open the shutters, letting the sun steam into the room. He turned back to her and pulled a piece of paper from his back pocket.
“You can reach me at this number if you need anything.” He hesitated for a second as if to say something more, but changed his mind. “Be careful,” he said, and headed for the door where he stopped again and turned to face her. “I hope you find her.”
She wondered at his offer of help. Maybe it was normal here to go out of your way for a complete stranger. Sister Mary in her black habit appeared in the doorway and she stopped wondering about Simon’s motives. 
“Miss Carter, there is a car for you at the front gate. I will show you the way.”
She grabbed her dirty clothes from the day before, wrinkling her nose at their odor of sweat. She dressed quickly and squeezed her swollen feet back into her boots. She limped down the stairs and through the courtyard, following Sister Mary as she wobbled from side to side like a giant penguin and wondered who she would have to kill for a cup of coffee.
A massive tree stood in the center of the courtyard. A monkey, fastened to a leash, played in the branches and screeched in annoyance as they approached.
At the front gate, a man stood next to a jeep. He was young, maybe in his early twenties. His white, long-sleeved cotton shirt had seen better days; stains that were not removable mapped out a past of hard work. But it was clean and perfectly ironed. He wore a straw cowboy hat and a pair of pink sunglasses with rhinestones on the sides. He had a strong face, the bones prominent, his dark skin tattooed with small dots in long lines. He smiled as she approached. Taking off his sunglasses, he reached out and shook her hand warmly, one eye fixed on her, the other on the sky. 
“Doctor Carter, good morning. I am Joseph Ningeni. You are hurt?” he asked, concerned by her limp.
“No, I’m fine,” she said, concentrating on the eye fixed on her. “Just breaking in new shoes.”
“Maybe it is the shoes breaking you?”
“That would be more accurate.” 
He stood silently, looking at her and shifting a little uncomfortably. 
“You are the same as Angelina.”
Puzzled at his remark, she looked at him blankly.
“Your face,” he said moving his hand over his own. “It is the same.”
“You mean twins.”
“Yes, that is the word. Twins. They let you live?”
“Excuse me?”
He stood, shifting between thoughts, then as if suddenly remembering his errand, he put his sunglasses back on and said, “Mr. Anderson say we are to go at once to the police station. If you are ready, we will go.”
She nodded, puzzled at his remark, but he turned back to the jeep, opening the door for her.
They drove through town listening to the rap remix of ‘Staying Alive.’ He sang along as they passed a market and she studied the goods for sale spread out on grass mats on the ground. People haggled for food, medical supplies, farming equipment, maize, seeds, oil, and plastic sheeting. A woman carried a tall stack of colorful plastic bowls on her head and turned toward the approaching car. She waited for them to pass, then crossed the street to the marketplace. 
JC looked at her, admiring the beautiful yellow wraparound skirt she wore. All the women wore them, she noticed. Long bolts of bright cloth in every color of the rainbow were wrapped around swaying bottoms as the women made their way from one end of the market to the other.
A few white aid workers strolled around the marketplace, children following in their wake. A woman in a Red Cross shirt pulled sweets from her pocket and handed them over. The children raced away with their loot. A man shouted a greeting across the street and Joseph answered with a short honk and two long ones.
Except for a few local rundown taxis, the trucks and cars on the road were branded with agency logos. A Red Cross truck cut in front of a World Vision Toyota, the Toyota honking loudly in protest. Every government and non-government agency in the book was represented. Business was good. 
A bar across the street was crowded with aid workers and soldiers. Uniforms from Pakistan, France, and Australia competed for space. Local officials in suits occupied tables under the avocado trees, studying laminated plastic menus in bright colors. Joseph slowed the car, waiting for a herd of goats to cross the street to the market.
“All the Europeans in town are aid workers or journalists,” he said, watching the scene. “The tourists don’t come anymore but I have never seen so many white people here. The old people say that in the days of the colony there were more. It is good; they must come.”
“Why is it good?” she asked, turning to him, startled when her own distorted reflection stared back at her from his pink sunglasses. 
“We have jobs now and money. Before it was bad,” he said putting the car in gear and swerving around a pile of trash in the road.
She glanced back, realizing the trash was a suitcase, its contents spilled on the road. She turned back to him as he smiled at her and hoped he had at least one of his eyes on the road. 
“I am sorry for the troubles with your sister,” he said with great feeling. “I was her field assistant for four months here before she moved to Mugunga.”
“Where is that?”
“It is another camp west of here.”
She opened her mouth to ask why Angelina moved to the other camp, but closed it again as they pulled up in front of an old two-story building. Whole sections of its roof were missing and the walls looked ready to crumble. If a line of people hadn’t been standing in front of it waiting to get in, she would have thought it deserted. The first floor seemed useable; the second was burnt, the walls barely holding up what was left of the roof.
“This is the police station,” he said and got out, slamming the door.
Reluctantly she followed him as he pushed his way through the crowd at the door and led the way into the stuffy building. Bullet holes riddled the walls and jagged glass remained in the window panes. There was no furniture, only a desk and a chair where a woman sat, painting her long nails bright pink. Joseph took his hat off as they approached and held it in his hand. Looking up and eyeing JC’s clothes, the woman dismissed them, waving her pink fingernails in the direction of a corridor.
The air was stale despite the open architectural style and JC pinched her nose at the strong smell of urine. They stepped carefully around those who sat on the floor or slept up against a wall. A man bled from a head wound, his eyes bloodshot, vacant.
The line continued into the corridor and at the head, a man sat at a tiny desk, wearing a uniform of mismatched parts and filling out reports on an ancient typewriter. He typed a few words, paused to slowly untwist keys that stuck, returned to typing a few more words, and repeated the whole process until his report was done. Everybody stood in the heat, buzzing with flies, patiently waiting their turn.
Joseph touched her elbow and led the way to an office on the right, knocking and waiting for a reply before opening the door. A man behind the desk sat in front of a mountain of paperwork, scribbling on a pad.
“Hello, Mr. Ningeni. Who have you brought me today?” he asked, leaning back in his chair.
“Chief Mzebeneni, this is Dr. Carter,” said Joseph.
The man stood up and walked around to her, his hand extended.
“Dr. Carter, I am very sorry about the unfortunate business with your sister,” he said, shaking his head. “Please sit down.”
He pulled a couple of plastic chairs from against the wall, and waited for them both to sit before walking around his desk and sitting down. Straightening his tie, he prepared himself for what was to come. He had the gaunt, overworked, harassed look of a government employee and shifted uncomfortably in his chair as if he wished he were somewhere else. His light blue dress shirt was soaked with sweat under his arms and his eyes darted between her and Joseph. 
“As I have said to that Mr. Anderson, we are doing everything we can to find your sister. It was not necessary that you come all this way.”
“Maybe not, but now that I’m here I might as well do something useful,” she smiled, trying to keep her anger under control. The anger had replaced the shock at realizing that the police force she had hung her hopes on was a joke.
The chief sat back in his seat and watched her for a moment—contemplating what? she wondered. He finally reached forward and pulled a file from the bottom of a pile. 
He scanned it briefly before glancing at her then read from the page in his hand. “Angelina Carter and Karen Jacobs left Mugunga camp on the morning of January 5th in search of refugees in the mountains. An escort was to accompany them into the forest. The truck with the escort had a flat tire, which was not immediately fixable due to the spare tire was missing. Your sister and Karen Jacobs went into the forest on their own. The following day the escort arrived and followed their tracks. They found the body of Karen Jacobs, a UN aid worker at the village of Kikwe. She had been shot and burned. They searched the area further, then brought what was left of the body back, having found no other remains. They did, according to this report, find signs to indicate that Angelina Carter may have left that village alive. The second search party has not yet returned,” he finished, closing the file again. 
“The search party, is it yours?”
He hesitated. “Dr. Carter, I am sure you know it is not. It is unfortunate, but I have not the manpower to spare. It is a UN search party of local soldiers and trackers they hired. I have every confidence that if your sister is still alive, they are sure to find her. I wish there was more I could tell you, but you must understand, the jungle, it is a hard place. Worse now. The refugees bring problems here, and there are rebel soldiers who live in the forest hiding from our government. It is a very bad place to be now. I assure you, my hands are tied.”
“Mr. Mzeke . . .” she started.
“Mzebeneni” he said, helping.
She tried again. “Mr. Mzebeneni . . .” 
He shook his head, satisfied and smiled.
She continued, “My sister is alive and all you have done is write a report. There must be something more you can do to find her.”
“Dr. Carter, you must understand. I have very few officers and very many reports of crimes that need attention. Have you not noticed the lines of people outside my office that need help? People murdered, vanished, property stolen. There are many urgent cases that arrived at my attention long before your sister’s disappearance.”
“Yes, but I must insist that you, as the local authority, do more to see that she is found. A report is not going to get her found. I can do better than file a damn report,” she said her voice rising as she gave in to the anger.
“I see,” he said and leaning forward, stared at her. “Tell me, Dr. Carter, it is my guess you want your sister’s case to have special treatment?”
She nodded, relieved to be getting through. He smiled at her and she smiled back, feeling a little more charitable.
“So that I can be clear,” he said. “Must I forget all my other cases and duties for her case because she is white or because she is American?”
Her smile faded.
He pointed a finger at her, stabbing the air with it. “I advise that you accept what we already know. Your sister is not coming out of that jungle alive. Go home, before something happens to you.”
“Is that a threat?” 
“Call it advice, Dr. Carter,” he replied coldly, his eyes direct and angry. 
He returned to his paperwork, dismissing them.
***
 “You must put your head in front of your words.”
“Right. Thank you.”
Joseph shrugged, unlocked her car door and she got in, careful not to let her skin touch the hot leather seats. She sat in the oven heat until a drop of sweat slid off her nose. She rolled down the window and turned to see Joseph talking to a woman wrapped from head to toe in a bright blue print cloth. She was young and pretty and Joseph enjoyed a minute more of flirtation until he noticed JC’s scowl. He got in and started the car, the diesel engine vibrating to life.
“Do you think she is dead, Joseph?”
“It is not an answer I know,” Joseph said, putting the jeep in gear. “But if you want the help of that chief you must not speak like that to him. It does not help.”
She stared out the window, knowing he was right. She hated this place. Hated that it might have taken Angelina and wasn’t ever going to give her back.
“What am I going to do?” she asked. “How am I ever going to find her here? I am completely useless in this place.”
“Don’t panic. You should see a feticheuse,” he said, his voice filled with enthusiasm. “I know one who is very powerful. She is good with cures and other things. She can tell you what you want to know. She can see many things that are behind you and more things that will come to you.”
“I don’t think a fortune teller is going to find my sister.” 
“No, for that we need a sorcerer but he is more expensive and I do not like him. You must go on your own if you wish it, or I will get my cousin Sean-Luc to take you. He does not mind the sorcerer because now he has no more problems with his uncle that would steal his wife. The sorcerer has put a powerful magic on his dick. But a feticheuse is better for the money, you must believe me.”
 She stared at him, one eyebrow raised, not sure he was being serious and realizing he was. 
”The feticheuse has helped me many times with problems of family.” After her continued silence he said, “Ukiona vyaelea vimeundwa.”
“Meaning?”
“In English, ‘When you see it float, somebody made it.”
“It’s all clear to me now,” she hissed, her voice dripping sarcasm Joseph had no trouble picking up on.
“It means one has to work for what one wishes. To find your sister you must work to understand.” 
“Understand? I’m having trouble understanding you and you speak English.” 
“You must listen. The jungle is not kind to strangers, it is true. But Angelina is not a stranger to it. She knows its dangers like she knows the names of all the birds. I never understand how she can like such a bad place and I warn her but she does not hear. She laugh at me when I say she must not walk in the jungle. If she must be there, then she must run.”
She turned to him. “If you know something about my sister’s disappearance just tell me and stop with the riddles.”
“What I say is that if she is alive in that jungle she can survive until they find her. You must maybe let Mr. Anderson know that he must not stop looking for her. This is more helpful. When they no longer try to find her, she will die for sure.”
“And how am I going to do that?”
“You must bring him proof that she is alive. A feticheuse can give you this proof. She will know this thing and then you can tell Mr. Anderson.”
There was a long silence.
“Joseph, if I don’t believe it, how will Kevin believe it?”
Finally, he said, “This is the problem with white people. They have little imagination.” He shook his head at the dilemma, then shrugged and continued, “So you must find something else that white people know as truth.”
“How?”
“I do not know this.”
“Great.”
“You must understand.”
”Understand what?”
“How life here is. You do not know the way of the Congo. You do not know the way of the camps. That is no good if you want to find your sister.” 
He made a U-turn, hit a huge pothole, then drove back a mile before turning onto a dirt road heading out of town. 
“Where are we going?”
“To the camp. If you want to skin a banana, you must first find the banana tree.”
“Of course. Why didn’t I think of that?” 
FIVE
The road to the banana tree had not been repaired in months. The volcanoes of Virunga stood clear against the sky on the right, old overgrown banana plantations on the left. Maybe they really were headed for a banana tree, she thought, staring out her window. They slowed to twenty miles an hour, stuck behind a truck that raised clouds of dust from the dirt road. Joseph drove close to the truck’s bumper, so she quickly rolled up the window. The air conditioner was broken so they sat sweating and bumping down the road. 
 She grabbed a piece of cardboard from the dashboard and fanned herself, finding some relief. Feeling sick and frustrated, she wiped the sweat from her face with the back of her hand. She would get used to the heat eventually, she thought, and only hoped she would not be in Africa that long. She had already wasted a week. She had planned to be away from work a couple of weeks, but nothing was going according to plan. She hated the lack of control.
A convoy of trucks passed on the opposite side of the road and Joseph pulled out to pass.
“What’s with all the trucks?” she asked, raising her voice as another one rumbled toward them.
“Tankers. They bring water from Lake Kivu to the camp.”
She nodded and turned back to her window. The grass on the side of the road was dry, covered in black dust. A burnt black patch revealed a group of workers chopping down trees and burning them. 
“Why are they burning trees?”
“The local people make charcoal to sell to refugees.”
She heard his words, tried to concentrate on them, on anything but the lack of air. She was slowly suffocating in the thick, hot sludge around her and forced herself to take small shallow breaths. She focused on the scenes flashing past the window, thinking that the closer they drove to the camp the more people crowded the landscape. 
 The vegetation grew less, the trees chopped down, only stumps remaining in the black volcanic rock. Long lines of women and children walked along the road, piles of firewood on their heads. Those that didn’t carry firewood carried furniture, pots and pans, chickens, a kitchen sink. A boy pushed an old man in a wheelbarrow; a woman followed him with a mattress balanced on her head. Nobody talked. A woman stopped and stood by the side of the road, a box balanced on her head. A baby wrapped in a sheet slept on her back and a little barefoot boy with eyes too big for his face clung to her skirt. In one hand, she carried a suitcase; the other was raised to help balance the load on her head. She waited for the car to pass before walking on in its dusty wake.
A low buzz slowly made its way into the car and she looked at Joseph, but he was looking the other way. Maybe the buzzing was in her head. She couldn’t concentrate, her mind obsessed with her lungs’ demand for air.
She rolled down the window, ignoring the dust from trucks ahead of them, and inhaled deeply, coughing suddenly as the stink of human excrement reached her. Only it was more than that. It was the smell of cooking fires, of disease, death and urine and it grew stronger until she couldn’t stop coughing, her lungs fighting for air. She rubbed her eyes, not seeing Joseph watch her, a smile on his face. By the time they reached a makeshift wire gate, she was breathing again; she had no choice. The buzzing, she found, was the noise of millions of people crowded together. 
Soldiers with automatic guns waved them through and they drove past a long line of new arrivals waiting to register. Shelters of blue plastic sheeting with the UN logo crammed every available square inch. The jeep was forced to a crawl as they joined a river of people. Joseph put his hand on the horn and kept it there, parting the flood, bodies and clothes brushing against the side of the car. She rolled up the window again.
Every inch of ground was covered with people, clothes, bundles, chairs, blankets, paper, shoes, chickens, children, and bodies wrapped in rush mats, rotting in the sun with the trash. There were no trees, no shade, not one single blade of grass. It was hard, barren volcanic earth covered in human waste, and buzzing with thousands of women coughing, children crying, and men shouting.
 They stood in the hot sun or sat on the ground. Some people waited, some walked, some worked, some didn’t. A man waved his fist at her as a woman waved and smiled, her front teeth missing. Children giggled and played in a brown puddle of water. A man banged on her window with his fist, shouting at them as they passed.
JC wiped her wet hands on her jeans and swallowed the lump in her throat. Her heart was beating a path to panic and she closed her eyes on the world outside the window. How did Angelina do this? Why would anyone put herself in this hell? 
Joseph parked the jeep next to a huge white tent, one of several grouped together that housed the relief efforts. He got out and slammed the door, pausing to see if she was following.
She watched him through the dirty windshield, her heart pounding, telling herself she was being ridiculous. She could do it, could open the door, and step into the world beyond the car. She turned her head to the faces staring in at her, watching her with vacant gazes, and froze. She couldn’t open the door.
 Joseph walked around to her side of the car and did it for her. The stench hit her hard, grabbing her senses as the flies swarmed in, covering her face, seeking the moisture from her eyes, her mouth, her nose. Joseph scowled at her as she brushed them away in manic movements. She stepped carefully to the ground and followed him as he made a path through the crowd of outstretched hands. Hands that brushed against her arms, touched her hair and held onto her clothes, feeling in the pockets. She pulled away, rushing to follow Joseph as he ducked inside a tent. 
The smell of people being sick sent her running back out, gulping for air and spitting out flies as they crawled inside her open mouth. Joseph followed her out, handed her a paper mask before turning her back toward the tent. She put on the mask, grateful even if it did little to stop the smell. 
Inside the tent, patients lay on straw mats on the black ground, most of them too sick to brush the flies from their faces. A doctor and aid workers wearing white gloves and masks moved between them.
At her feet, a little boy lay on a mat, naked and curled in a fetal position, his ribs threatening to pierce through his papery skin. His huge, watery eyes watched her in resignation, unblinking in a skull too prominent, too close to the skin. A toddler squatted in the dirt relieving himself. Joseph picked him up, kicked sand over the spot, then put the toddler down next to an aid worker trying to feed a baby.
“It is cholera,” said a man kneeling on the ground examining a woman. “It is the worst diarrhea. Dehydration is severe and replacing fluids in their bodies is almost impossible. The minute it goes down their throat is the minute it comes out again. Thousands have died. We get over one epidemic and the next one hits even harder. The strain changes, mutates, gets used to the treatment, and we have to start from scratch.”
He moved over to where she stood next to the little boy and picked up his wrist and touched his forehead.
“He will be fine. The medicines will work for him, but his real trouble starts after he is well. He has no parents, you see.”
“What will happen to him?” she asked.
He shrugged. “Maybe if he is lucky some woman out there with eight of her own children to feed will feel pity for him and take him in. Or maybe next week, when the cholera has gone and another epidemic sweeps through the camp, he will be back and who knows? Maybe luck will be with him and he dies.”
He moved down the row to give a pregnant woman an injection.
“James Kostello,” he said, standing up after a while and introducing himself.
“Josephine Carter.”
“You must be new.”
“I’m not a medical doctor.”
“She is a psychologist,” Joseph filled in from behind her.
“Ah. About time they brought you people in. All I can do is patch up their bodies. It’s their minds that really need help.”
“I’m not here on a professional basis.”
“That’s too bad.”
He turned back to his patients, kneeling over a girl. Her eyes were sunken and her fingers wrinkled as if she had been in water for too long.
“It is the lack of water in her body that causes the wrinkles,” he explained. 
 He gave the girl antibiotics then moved on. Picking up a man’s wrist, he felt for a pulse and listened for a heartbeat, then announced him dead. The body was wrapped in the straw mat it lay on and carried out by a couple of Red Cross workers. 
She followed the body to where it was piled on the back of a truck, on top of others like it, wrapped in straw mats or white shrouds. She caught a glimpse of a tiny hand among the bodies. As the truck drove off, she sat down in a patch of shade next to the tent.
“Dr. Carter, you have seen enough for today?” 
“No Joseph, I’m fine,” she said, standing up and moving on to the next tent, ducking into the opening.
“You must not go in there, it is the trauma tent,” Joseph said from behind her but she ignored him.
He didn’t follow her. It wasn’t one of his favorite places to be and he waited in the shade because it would not be long. She ducked back out of the tent, a hand clasped over her mouth and threw up, only missing half of his shiny boots. He scowled down at her as she wiped her mouth and stuck her head between her legs. 
“Sorry.”
“It is all right, my shoes will clean, Dr. Carter.”
“I’m not usually like this. I’ve just never seen cut off body parts before.”
“Yes, Dr. Carter.”
She sat still for a while, her eyes closed, then said, “Do you think you could call me JC?”
“You are not a doctor of psychology?”
“I am, but I prefer JC.”
“You are not proud of it?” he said and nodded. “I can understand this.”
“No, that’s not it,” she lifted her head to look at him. “And what do you mean you understand?”
“Only crazy people talk to crazy doctors and your sister say there are many psychologists in America, so there must be many crazy people in America. It must be a great sickness like the cholera here.”
“What else did my sister tell you?”
“Your sister, she says you are a shrink because you shrink heads. Here we have witch doctors to shrink heads. But we have no psychologist. It makes me think we are not as crazy as Americans.”
“You don’t think chopping up people is crazy?”
He shrugged. “It is war. People die in war.”
“Joseph, just call me JC,” she said, too tired to argue.
After a while, he pulled her back on her feet. “I think you should not see any more dead people. We will go to where the living are.”
They grabbed a soda at a camp market and Joseph showed her the food distribution shed where food was measured out for every refugee. Maize was the usual staple, but was in short supply so sorghum was substituted, he explained. An old man shouted at an aid worker. Holding his bag high, he pointed at it, furiously spitting out words. Joseph walked over to help.
“He say he was not given his usual share,” Joseph explained. “He wants more.”
A scale was brought over and his bag carefully weighed. It was the correct weight and Joseph explained to the man patiently that he would not be receiving more. He was led outside, still shouting.
“It happens a lot,” said Joseph. “Yesterday a man hit an aid worker when his demand for more food was not answered. Come, we will see if we can find Mr. Anderson.”
Following the road, they made their way across the camp on foot. Joseph joked with a group of children that followed them. He walked fast, his stride long but the children kept up, putting their hands in his pockets to check for something to eat. She was wiping the sweat running down her face when an explosion rocked the ground. She flung herself down, her arms covering her head. With her eyes tightly shut, she waited, expecting more explosions and gunfire, but it was quiet.
“Dr. Carter? You are all right?”
Carefully, she looked up. Joseph stood with the children in a circle around her, studying her curious behavior with interest, their hands on their knees, frowns on their faces. Why weren’t they taking cover?
“What was that?” 
“They are digging holes to bury the dead,” he said and pulled her to her feet.
“With dynamite?” 
“The ground is volcanic. It is very hard and you cannot dig a hole with a shovel.”
Joseph turned to the children and said something that sent them into a fit of laughter.
“Thanks!” 
“It was funny,” he said, shrugging.
“Why not just burn the bodies? Cremate them, I mean.”
“No, that is bad. It will cause great problems in the next life for the dead.” 
She shook her head in puzzlement then walked on, following him. They found Kevin at the reception center interviewing new arrivals, a group of young men around him interpreting. He stood up as they arrived, left instructions, and turned to JC.
“I have some things for you.”
He was a man in a hurry. His giant strides would come in handy with his busy schedule, she thought, and hurried after him. They stopped outside a trailer and he yanked the door open, letting it slam against a thin wall dented from previous openings. The walls in the office were covered with maps and lists of orders, the desk littered with paper.
 “I take it Joseph has shown you around.” 
Not waiting for a reply, he offered her a seat before arranging his limbs into a chair. It was too small for him but he ignored the fact, used to a world not big enough to suit him.
“How did your meeting with the police chief go?” he asked, lighting a cigarette, then offering her one.
She shook her head.
“It didn’t go well,” she said and told him what she thought of the local authority.
“Yes, we had the same conversation. Very frustrating. He is a lot more stubborn than I had expected. You must try again. All we can do now is pray and hope the second search party finds her. It is little, but what more is there?” he shrugged.
JC stared at him in silence for a minute as the flies settled in the room.
“I can’t do anything here to help. But you insisted I be here. Why?”
Dragging on his cigarette, he watched her for a moment. “It has been known to speed up the process if a family member were present.”
“Not here, not under these circumstances, and you knew that. You’ve seen the police station.”
He studied her for a while, then said, “It’s the agency’s policy, Dr. Carter. I don’t understand your sudden antagonism.”
She hesitated, looked away from his direct gaze. “I’m here because of protocol, because your rules say it. Fine. But you could have been honest with me. You could have told me. At least I could have been prepared.” She paused, looking at the map behind him on the wall, letting the anger dissipate then inhaled slowly.
“Nothing can prepare you for this place, JC.”
He was right and it wasn’t his fault. Any of it. He got up and unlocked a door with a key from a set hanging from his belt. He dragged a box off a shelf and put it on the table.
“These are Angelina’s things. Maybe you would like to hold on to them until we find her.” 
She wished he hadn’t done that. Wished he hadn’t given her the box as if it contained the last remaining things of a dead loved one, given in consolation to the living. He talked of meeting for dinner later and she nodded. He was called away so he excused himself, led them outside, and left. The box was heavy, the weight pulling her arms as she crossed the camp back to the car. Joseph offered to take the box, but she held on to it. Sweat rolled down her, face stinging her eyes, and her vision blurred, but she kept walking, following Joseph’s shadow in front of her and really wishing Kevin hadn’t given her the box.
***
They bought food at the market in town then drove toward the lake, the box on the back seat. Joseph turned off the dirt road onto a paved street passing under huge trees that enveloped them in a comforting shade. Behind huge guarded walls sat white mansions surrounded by acres of lawn and well-kept flower gardens. The difference between the town of Goma and the houses along the lake was astounding. 
“What are they doing here?” she asked, surprised.
 “Goma was a playground for rich white people when they ruled here,” he said, turning into a driveway. “Now government officials live here. The president has a palace here.” 
He pulled up at an old rusted gate, took keys from the glove compartment, and unlocked the gate, swinging it wide on its rusted hinges. She moved into the driver’s seat and drove the Jeep through as he closed the gate behind her. The overgrown driveway wound past the burnt skeleton of a huge house. Red rose bushes bloomed in a garden turned wild, weeds choking the flower beds. Creepers transformed the black remains into a vivid green. 
She parked the Jeep on the gravel of the driveway and they walked down to the lake. The blue water was clear and bright, the sky pale in contrast. Yellow wildflowers bloomed along the edge and swarms of white butterflies formed a moving carpet. 
“What happened here, Joseph?” she asked, looking toward the ruins.
He sat down in the shade of a tree and unwrapped their lunch of cooked chicken and bread.
“It was a bad business,” he said. “When the soldiers come, they destroy the town. They take what they want because they will kill you if you try to stop them. The man who lived here, he tried. He was from France, a good man.”
She sighed and sat down, trying to imagine what life must have been like in this place before it went bad. With a view of the volcano across the lake and the forest-covered hills, it was a dramatic landscape. A cool breeze off the lake even made it comfortable.
The colonialists had turned it into the Garden of Eden, she thought, remembering what Simon had called it. Only they had forgotten the ending, the part about being turned out. She looked away from the burned ruins and inhaled deeply the scent of jasmine growing along a nearby wall. 
She reached for some chicken, chewing on it absently and watching a pair of geese float by. The chicken was too spicy, so she left the rest for Joseph, eating bread and fruit instead. He ate quickly, and then took off his hat and sunglasses, put them on the grass beside him, and lay down, his hands behind his head. 
“Why do you have keys to the gate?” she asked. 
“My father was the gardener here. He has gone back to his village now. There is no more work for him. He talks of the days before the soldiers come. He liked it better when the white man ruled.”
“What about you?”
“To me, my eye! I do not know what it was like to live under white rule. Life is hard now, maybe it was not so hard then, but we are free. It is important to be free.”
“But now life here is hell.”
“It has always been bad for my people even when the white man lived here. It does not matter. You have a saying in your language, ‘Things will get worse before they get better,’ but here, sometimes I think life will not get better. It only gets worse.” 
“What tribe are you from, Joseph?”
“My mother was Hutu, my father Tutsi.”
He closed his eyes and she took it as a sign to be quiet.
She walked down to the water and sat at the end of the broken jetty. The surface of the lake was choppy and small whitecaps lapped at the thin sandy beach. Just off the shore, an African cormorant was diving for the tilapia fish that lived in the lake. A couple of pirogues transporting produce from a village paddled on the water. The canoe-like boats were made of wood and looked like they would sink under the weight of the cargo. She waved to the paddlers as they drew closer, the strong breeze carrying the spray from their paddles some distance. 
She took off her shoes and dangled her feet in the clear lake water, looking up at the volcano, following the ribbon of smoke into the sky. The cool breeze felt good and for the first time in days, she relaxed. It was a beautiful place, she thought, and looked back at the ruins of the mansion, understanding why it had been built there. Living here, a long time ago when it was first built, must have been like living in paradise.
Her minded drifted to the box. She walked back to the car, took it from the back seat, and sat under the tree next to Joseph. The cardboard was damp and she opened it carefully, wrinkling her nose at the smell. She pulled out dirty clothes stained with mud, and dumped them on the grass, wondering if they ever had been clean. She found a shirt she recognized, one she had been looking for.
The camera she had sent her sister for her birthday had only three pictures taken. She pointed it at Joseph and took a picture, the click of the camera loud. Then she held it at arm’s length and pointed it at herself. With an exaggerated smile on her face, she took her own picture then put it down and pulled a Walkman from the box. She pressed play, listening through the earphones to U2. Smiling she reached for a book that lay on the bottom of the box. It was an old, well used copy of Spirits Rebellious by Kahlil Gibran. She turned the pages and a photograph fell out onto her lap. 
It was a picture of her and Angelina taken in Martinique. They were on the beach, sitting on a piece of driftwood and laughing at the camera. They looked like the identical twins they were, their long brown hair a tinge short of red, grown to the same length. Freckles covered their skin and big smiles were plastered on their faces. Angelina had a red flower behind one ear and they were wearing the necklaces their father had given them. She reached for the black string around her neck, feeling the tiny gold bird at the end of it. 
“Where are you?” she whispered, touching her sister’s image and looking up at the jungle-covered mountains to the west. 
“You are talking to yourself, Dr. Carter,” said Joseph. “It is the first sign of madness.”
“How do you know that?” 
“Angelina talked to herself when she was angry and the others tease her. It is the first sign of madness, they say.”
“What was she angry about?”
He started to say something and then changed his mind. Instead he got up, brushed the grass from his back.
“Why was Angelina reassigned to the Mugunga camp?” 
Joseph walked toward the jeep, ignoring her question.
“Joseph?” she called after him. “Why did you take me to the camp? What the hell did you expect me to find?”
He wasn’t listening. She stood up and threw everything back in the box. Joseph had started the engine as she got in and slammed the door. 
 “Maybe you should ask Kevin these questions.”
 “Maybe I will.” 
SIX
She sat going over the past few days in her mind: frustrating and very long days of waiting because Kevin had been no help. She had asked him about Angelina. She had requested the transfer herself, he said. He hadn’t been aware of her ever being upset or angry about anything. But it didn’t sound like her. Angelina had strong beliefs and they frequently put her at odds with others. She refused to believe that Kevin and Angelina had not had at least one confrontation, but if they had, he wasn’t saying. Harassing the chief of police every day hadn’t brought any action. She had even slipped him an envelope full of US dollars. He had smiled and accepted it, but still no help had come from him.
Now she sat in the cafe, uncomfortable in the hard chair, wanting to shift and not daring to. The ceiling fan did nothing to motivate the heavy air in any direction and she watched as the flies gathered on the table, four of them close together. If she waited a couple of seconds, more a fifth one might join them. Deciding against it, she brought the fly swatter down with a loud thwack, killing them.
“Yes,” she said, triumphantly. “Four in one. Time to pay up, Jean Pierre.”
The Frenchman laughed, dug two dollars out of his pocket, and handed them to her. She ordered another round of warm Premis beer. If she was going to find her sister, she might have to put in some time with those who knew her here. 
“It is not so hard,” Jean Pierre said, proving his point as he plucked a fly out of the air.
“So much for skill,” she sighed.
Even the flies were lethargic in the heat. She had met the French man that morning when he had mistaken her for Angelina. His thick glasses steamed up in the heat and he removed them, wiping them clean.
“Where is Joseph?” he asked, his naked eyes blinking at her.
“He left to go see his country wife for a couple of days,” she said, still disgusted at the thought.
“Ah. It is a great system they have here,” he sighed, fitting his glasses back on his face. “When you are sick of hearing the complaints of your city wife, you can escape back to your village and listen to fresh complaints from your country wife.”
“Great, if you are a man,” she said.
“Oh, I don’t know about that,” said a woman who sat down at their table. “I’ve often wished I could send my husband to his country wife for a week, so that I don’t have to put up with his demands all the time. Some men are worse than children are, can’t do a thing for themselves. Ask them to boil their own eggs and they look at you as if you had asked them to invent flush toilets.”
Jean Pierre laughed. “JC this is Claire Bouman. She is here with Red Cross.”
They shook hands.
Claire looked like she had run a marathon through a dust cloud. She took off her aviation glasses, revealing the area around her eyes as the only clean part of her body. She ran a hand through her short hair, which would have been dusty except the humidity and sweat had turned it into a thin layer of mud. 
“Sorry about the dirt,” she said wiping her face with a towel dipped in water. “The road from Biaro is dusty.”
“What’s in Biaro?” JC asked.
“We brought some refugees in this morning from the forest.”
“Who found them?” 
“A couple of NGO’s. There aren’t many aid workers left willing to take the risks of the forest, not after what happened,” she said, then paused. “I do hope they find your sister. The whole thing has the rest of us running scared, as if things weren’t bad enough before. Some of the NGO’s have already packed it up and left.”
“NGO’s?”
“Non Government Organizations.”
 “You know my sister?” 
“She always volunteered to comb the forest for refugees. I transport them to the camps because most of them are in no condition to walk. “
JC nodded and took a sip of her beer. “What do you mean by things being bad before?” 
Jean Pierre offered Claire a cigarette. 
She took it, and then said, “The security in the camps is bad, more than usual. We keep hearing about aid workers getting killed. Working for organizations like the UN and the Red Cross, with that emblem on the car or your shirt, it used to bring a mantle of protection, but not anymore. We’ve become targets in these shirts.” 
 “In Burundi six aid workers were shot while they were sleeping in a hospital compound. They were executed,” said Jean Pierre, holding a match for Claire and lighting her cigarette. Claire nodded her thanks. “Masked men with silencers on their guns went from room to room,” he continued. “I have worked many camps and always there is danger, but here it is very bad. There is no control of the camps, only they let us think we have control, so we stay. We feed them and they hide and get strong again.”
“Who’s they?” JC asked, leaning forward.
“How much do you know about what is going on in Rwanda?” asked Claire, sucking on her cigarette, watching JC intently.
“I know there was a massive genocide. The pictures on CNN of rivers filled with blood and dead bodies. I don’t know the names of the groups involved.”
She didn’t have time to keep a detailed eye on world affairs; it wasn’t a crime. It didn’t make her ignorant, so why was she feeling stupid?
“Well, let me fill you in then. In Rwanda, there are two main tribes. The Tutsi and the Hutu, who outnumber them. The Hutu majority was in power under General Juvenal Habyarimana. In 1994, his plane was shot down over Kigali by Hutu extremists, who thought he was being too soft on the Tutsi. Of course, they never admitted it and nobody can prove for sure who shot, or even how that plane crashed. The two groups have been in conflict for decades, so it was a time bomb just waiting to go off. The extremists in the Hutu government armed youths with everything from guns to machetes and let them loose on the Tutsi minority, using as an excuse the death of their president, which they blamed on the Tutsi.” Claire stopped and took a sip of water before continuing. ”The weapon of choice was the machete. It was cost effective. It took more effort, but it did the job. They killed about half a million, maybe a million Tutsi in three months.”
 “But the refugees here are Hutu,” JC interrupted. “Why aren’t the camps filled with the Tutsi that were being killed?” she asked, watching the end of Claire’s cigarette where the ash was threatening to fall onto the table.
“Yes, well now that’s the beauty of it,” Claire said and continued to ignore the dire situation at the end of her cigarette. “You see, the Hutu had underestimated the Tutsi opposition party. The Tutsi are well-disciplined and organized, and their rebel army defeated the Hutu government forces. They established a new government and stopped the mass killings of their own people.” The ash finally plopped onto the table. “So then, if history was to repeat itself,” she said, scraping the ash into an ashtray with her hand, “as it seems to do here in Africa every twenty years or so, it was time for the Tutsi to turn around and do unto others as others have done unto them. The Hutu expected revenge killings so they packed everything they could carry and high-tailed it out of there.”
“Now we feed them,” said Jean Pierre. “We feed innocent women and children, it’s true, but also we feed the killers.”
“The Interhamwe Militia, they call themselves,” said Claire. “They used the great exodus out of Rwanda as cover to escape prosecution. They gather their strength here, waiting for the next opportunity to launch an attack on the new Rwandan government. They have military training courses and the army still works, only now they are inside the camps. The UN provides them and their families with all the support they need including logistics and transportation. They pretty much run things around here like a business. They overstate the amount of people claiming food, then sell the surplus to locals and buy guns with the profit.”
“And the UN permits this.”
“The UN has established a great humanitarian empire and is receiving more funds and money than ever before. This crisis is great public relations for any organization willing to call itself humanitarian. It’s a business like anything else and this place is great for business. They promise to separate the killers from the innocent, set up a commission or two to study the problem, and everybody is happy. So what if there are some wolves among the lambs? The commission is looking into it.” 
 “I can’t believe my taxes go to feeding these killers.”
“You don’t believe it,” said Jean Pierre, “but this is true. Last week I was told we must make one of these killers leave the camp. He was causing trouble; he murdered a family, two children, their mother, and grandmother. So I go with two other aid workers. We find him and we tell him he must go. He laughs. We think we can force him, but soon we are surrounded by three thousand young boys with sticks and machetes. Zaire policemen come and fire in the air. If they had not come, we would be dead. The man, he is back after the police take him away for two days. Maybe this time when we try to make him leave there will be no policemen and we will die. So he stays.”
“They control the refugees in the camps and so they control us,” said Claire. 
It sounded like a situation ripe for conflict. Especially if you hated authority only a little more than you hated injustice, and Angelina did. 
The feeling of being watched crawled over her skin and she turned her head to look across the room. A man was watching her. He stood up from his table and shouldered his way through the crowd and suddenly she wished she hadn’t made eye contact. He wore a UN cap, jeans tucked into serious combat boots, a waistcoat over his UN shirt and anything he would need for a defensive move strapped into his belt. He held a beer bottle and cigarette in one hand. The radio strapped to his belt crackled to life. He flicked a button and it was quiet again. A gun was stuffed down the front of his jeans. 
“McDermott’s the name,” he said “UN security officer.”
“Josephine Carter,” she said taking his hand.
He dragged a chair over, nodded at Jean Pierre and Claire, then ordered a round of beers. 
“Carter. You related to the Carter went missing in action?”
“My sister.”
He nodded slowly and took a gulp of his beer. 
“Anderson briefing you on the stats?”
“Some.”
“You talk to the press yet?”
“Press?”
“This place is crawling with the scum.”
“McDermott, now damn it, don’t go around giving us a bad name.”
The voice came from behind her. She turned to look up at the twinkling eyes of a man with a carrot stuck in his mouth. He bit down on it and chewed. His bald head was shiny with sweat and he wore his huge sunglasses like a hat. McDermott pulled up another chair and the man sat down at the table.
“Carter, this here’s Smiley, Times correspondent.”
“Call me Peter.”
 She shook his hand then watched him as he moved the beer bottles aside and made room for his plate of vegetables.
“Been meaning to catch up with you for a statement on your sister’s disappearance.”
 JC glanced at Jean Pierre who was studying McDermott’s gun with open curiosity. 
“Has there been any new development?”
JC returned her gaze to Peter.
“Nothing yet.”
“Dangerous place out there,” McDermott said. “Got ambushed two months ago re-basing to the Kig. Doesn’t compare to the Mog, but no place for a white woman on her own.” 
“The Mog?” JC asked, mystified.
“Mogadishu and Kig meaning Kigali,” Peter clarified.
“Have a beer,” McDermott encouraged him.
“No thanks, too much damn formaldehyde in that shit.”
McDermott shrugged. “They got to disinfect the stuff, with all the rats falling in it.”
JC looked at the beer in her hands and suddenly the strange aftertaste didn’t seem so harmless. She placed the bottle on the table as Peter laughed at her, dislodging his sunglasses which clattered to the floor. 
Jean Pierre shrugged at her and took another sip of his own. “You get used to it.”
“Tell me more about the Interhamwe,” JC asked.
“What do you want info on them for? You thinking they had something to do with your sister’s disappearance?” Peter asked.
“No. Just want to know what I have to deal with.”
“You must never deal with them, sweetheart,” McDermott drawled around his cigarette. “Nasty fuckers. As soon rape and kill you as speak to you.”
“As a UN security officer, maybe you could tell me why two women were up on that mountain on their own?” JC asked.
He shrugged. “They knew the rules. Nobody goes in the jungle without an escort.”
“You think the Interhamwe killed them?” Peter asked JC.
“No way,” McDermott answered and took a sip of his beer. “They operate in the camps for the most part. The mountains are filled with rebels with close ties to the Tutsi government back home and the government back home wants the Interhamwe dead. No way will the Interhamwe leave the camps.” 
“Not true,” Peter argued. “They raided villages up north last week.”
“That was never officially proven.”
“Christ, McDermott I was up there. I took pictures of the bodies they left behind. I wrote the story.”
“Yeah, but you have no proof they did it.”
“I have witness accounts.”
“These people lie all the time and we both know it.”
“The problem is your people deny it because there isn’t a thing you can do to control these buggers.”
“I’m more confused than ever,” JC said. ”If the rebels in the mountains want the Interhamwe dead, then don’t they resent the aid workers for helping them?”
“Sure,” Peter said. “The Hutu Interhamwe doesn’t like the aid workers because aid workers help the Tutsi and the Tutsi don’t like the aid workers because they help the Hutu. The rebels in this country resent the camps because of the Interhamwe and the government threatens to expel the refugees every week. There are no clear lines. Everybody wants everybody else dead and that includes the aid workers.”
“Well, that narrows it down, thanks.”
“You aren’t going to find an answer to your sister’s disappearance. Truth is every refugee out there would cut her throat for her shoes. They don’t even need a reason.” Peter chewed the last bite of his carrot then continued. “Bottom line is that the white aid workers now are in the same position white people have always been on this continent: needed but not wanted.” 
McDermott’s radio sputtered to life and he grabbed it, mumbling coded jargon down its throat before standing up to leave. He drew a card from his wallet and handed it to JC.
“My number where you can reach me. Call me, don’t be shy. I’ll take you to the best place in town. But for now, you are going to have to excuse me, sweetheart. Duty calls.”
He winked at her, then, nodding at the others, left. She watched him, wondering when she had given him any indication that she was even slightly interested.
“Place is full of guys like him,” Peter said, watching him go.
Claire laughed, “Funny. That’s what he said about you.” Her laugh turned into a cough.
“Black Goma cough,” Jean Pierre said. “Cholera, volcano ash, refugee smoke and refugee dust flavored with human waste.” 
Claire turned watery eyes on Peter and reluctantly he offered her his water bottle. She gulped down half the bottle and handed it back.
“You leaving for Burundi soon, Peter?” Claire asked.
“Day after tomorrow.”
“Say hi to Andrew, if you see him.”
“Sure thing.”
“Is Annie still at the Kigali office?”
“Back in Nairobi on some R and R.”
“Thought you were due some.”
“Still trying to locate some Interhamwe head honchos. Boss wants an interview with the devils responsible for the genocide.”
“You are not looking so hard,” Jean Pierre said. “Yesterday and today I saw you lounging at the hotel pool.” 
“I don’t get paid enough to make day trips to Lac Vert.”
Jean Pierre laughed.
“What’s Lac Vert?” JC asked.
“Interhamwe headquarters. It’s the camp where most of the really nasty guys are staying. Good place to find some of the top officials responsible for this mess. Probably most dangerous place around here. Last place you want to be after dark.”
“Last place you want to be in bright daylight,” Claire added.
“Where is it?” JC asked.
“Don’t mess with these guys,” Peter said. “They are arrogant fuckers, scared of nothing.”
“I’m just curious.”
“Right. Don’t bullshit a bullshitter,” he said, and then shrugged. “It’s down by the lake. Just follow the signs.”
“Did you know if Angelina ever had any trouble with these Interhamwe guys?” she asked, turning to Jean Pierre.
“I did not know your sister so well she would tell me these things. We drink a few beers, but she did not talk much of any problems.”
 JC looked back at Claire.
“I met her a few times on the road. I only knew her in passing. Sorry.” 
“So am I.” Her sister never was any good at making friends. She would have to talk to Joseph again. He had to know something, but he wouldn’t be back until Monday. 
***
 “You can’t do this to me,” JC said, slamming the office door. Kevin sat down behind a desk as she stood on the other side. “I can’t just sit here and do nothing. Give me something to do. At least let me inside the camp.”
“I can’t do that.” He rummaged in a drawer for some papers then stood up and walked past her. Opening the door, he walked into the corridor and she followed. “I have too much to do to keep an eye on you and I’m not about to be responsible for your well- being. So forget the camp, it’s off limits to you. I’ll take you back to town in a few minutes. I just need to finish something.” 
She followed him into an office occupied with people pouring over maps and lists. Radios sputtered and squawked as UN officials worked the net, arranging transportation, housing, supplies, work force, and mass movement. They listened to a security briefing as incidents of violence were reported. An update on safe roads to travel was given and the number of vehicles stolen was tallied and posted. Each aid agency representative was asked to add anything they wanted to share, then the meeting was dismissed and the crowd of two hundred representatives from two hundred different agencies, both government and non-government, exited the hot, stuffy tent.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” she said, following him outside into the sun. “You wanted me here. Now you expect me to sit in a chair and wait until she turns up.”
“Yes, sit in a chair because the answer is no.”
“You have hundreds of aid workers here. Why am I different? What could happen to me here? You said it was safe.” 
“It is.” 
“You see nothing to worry about. I’ll behave, I promise. You won’t even know I’m here. I’ll count stuff. I’ll help in the food distribution tent. Anything.”
Kevin stopped outside the medical tent and turned to her. 
“The answer is no! You have no experience with the situations you will come across here and this isn’t a simple summer job. It is a lot more complicated than you think. When Joseph gets back I’ll have him take you to one of the game lodges, where you can relax and enjoy the wildlife. Sit by the pool and get a tan, but no way in hell am I letting you loose in this camp.”
He turned away, disappearing inside the tent. Shmuck. Relax? All she could think about was if they didn’t find Angelina soon, she’d die. She was not about to follow him; the smell of rotting flesh and the sight of open wounds still made her sick. She sat down in the shade, working on the national pastime of swatting flies, and waiting. The people standing around watching her still made her nervous but she was trying to ignore them.
Across the road, a little girl sat on a tire, digging in the trash with a stick. She wore a dress she would not grow into for at least another five years. The spaghetti straps kept slipping off her bony shoulders. If not for the string tied around her waist the dress would have fallen off. She wore a bright yellow ski cap, its long red tassel hanging down her back. 
The girl looked up at her and JC waved, smiling. The girl stared, her gaze intense and distrustful; then, deciding JC wasn’t a threat, her expression turned blank, emotionless, as if nobody was home. What must she have been through to become like that? In America, she would have been in the trauma ward of a hospital going through years of intense therapy. Here children watched as people were hacked to death and maybe they knew the person dying, or the person doing the killing. When it was over, they were expected to carry on living life as usual. And they did, for a while anyway, but how long would it be before it all rose to the surface?
The little girl dropped her stick and walked toward her, stopping a few feet away, staring at the necklace around her neck.
“Hello,” JC said. “Do you like my necklace?”
The girl started talking, saying something, repeating it over and over again, more adamant each time. 
JC got up and moved toward her but she backed up, turned suddenly, and ran away between the tents. JC followed.
***
 “Where did you get that?” Kevin asked, when JC held a necklace up in front of his face.
“That was my question exactly, but the woman wouldn’t say. She was hysterical, screaming as if she had seen a ghost. She probably didn’t understand a word I said anyway.” 
“Who?”
“The woman in the shack on the other side of the camp. This little girl led me to her.”
“I told you to stay around here.”
“That’s not important. This necklace is.”
“Why?”
“It was Angelina’s.”
He got up and walked across the room to a file cabinet.
“Maybe Angelina gave it to her,” he said opening the file cabinet and rummaging through it.
“She wouldn’t have done that. It was a present from our father. Angelina never took hers off. She lost it once when we were kids and went swimming in a lake. She looked for it for hours in the dark with a flashlight. She didn’t give up for an entire week. Finally, the town took pity on her and everybody helped. Someone found it washed up a mile from where she had lost it.”
He stood in front of her and took the necklace, looking at it closely.
“I have the only other one like it,” she continued. “It was made by a jeweler in our town. You can see his initials on the back.” 
He turned the tiny gold bird over and looked at the initials on the back. JC took the necklace from around her neck and put it next to the one in his hand.
They were the same.
“Why are you doing this?”
 She sighed, “Because I’m trying to understand what happened to my sister. I’m trying to understand why she disappeared in the first place and hoping that it will help me find her.”
“The search party will find her.”
“What if they don’t?”
“I’m doing everything I can.”
“You’re doing everything by the book. What does the book say you should do when the search party comes back without her? What other face-saving public relations stunt is next on the list?” 
“That’s unfair.”
“Then I apologize. Please just humor me, okay? It will sound a lot better in print if I say the UN explored every avenue in their search to find her.”
“Is that a threat?”
“I like to think of it as an incentive.”
He watched her for a few seconds that seemed a lot longer.
“Show me where you found it.” 
SEVEN
“With such a sad face, it makes me think you missed me,” said Joseph, opening the passenger door of the jeep for her. He had the hat in his hand and the ridiculous sunglasses on his nose. 
JC scowled at him, got in and slammed the door shut. He walked around, getting in behind the wheel.
“What have you done while I was visiting my country wife? Mr. Anderson is very upset with you. He said I was not to bring you inside the camp today. You must go and sit by the pool and get a tan.” 
“I don’t want to sit by the goddamn pool and get a goddamn tan. I want to find my sister.”
“You must not use your God’s name in vain,” said Joseph, shaking his head. “Your Bible says you will go to hell.”
She looked at him and smiled. “I’m already there, Joseph.” 
“No, Dr. Carter, this is not hell, but it is close,” he said and laughed, his teeth flashing in his dark face.
He started the car and they drove in silence for a while.
“How is your country wife, Joseph?”
“She is getting fat. It is good. I like my women to have a big bum. She is happy because she will have a baby soon. I told her about you and she is very sad about your troubles. She says you must have a baby, then you will not be sad anymore.”
“A baby? Yeah, I can see how that would solve all my problems.”
“Yes, that is good. You understand. You must get married and have ten children, so that if five die you still have five to take care of you when you are old.”
“Ten children are too many, Joseph. How would I feed them all? It takes a lot of money to have that many children. Besides, in America children do not take care of their parents. We have old age homes to put them in. We have Social Security and pension plans.” 
“But how will you listen to the stories of the old people when they are in these homes? No, this I do not understand. Do they not get lonely for their children and grandchildren in these houses?”
She didn’t know how to answer, so she didn’t. 
“Where are we going?” she asked instead.
“Does it matter?” 
“I guess not.” 
“Mr. Anderson is very angry with you. You must tell me what happened.”
JC told him about finding the necklace.
“Did you go back to look for the woman?” he asked.
“Yes, but she and the little girl disappeared and nobody wanted to talk to us. Nobody saw anything. Kevin thinks I made the whole thing up.”
“This woman, you say she was tall and beautiful. Did she have a scar on her right arm?” 
“Yes,” she said and asked, “Do you know her?”
“No,” he said bluntly, then stuck a tape in and turned up the volume, singing along to “I Will Survive.”
Frustrated, she turned the volume down and said, “Joseph, you know something. It was your idea I get better acquainted with this place, so please tell me what’s going on in that spectacular mind of yours.”
He didn’t answer, just turned the volume up again.
She turned it down.
“I know about the Interhamwe that control the camps,” she said. “Are you afraid of them?”
“Afraid, bah. I know nothing.” He turned the volume up.
She turned it down, “Yes, you do.”
“Why you say that?” 
“If you know anything about this woman, you must tell me, or so help me I will sic these murderers on you myself.”
“Aesh. You must not say that. I do not think you would do such a thing,” he said. “You are a good person. Yes, I am afraid of them because they are bad. People disappear in the camps if they do not do as the Interhamwe say. They are murdered. I knew a man who tried to leave the camp to go back to Rwanda. Some others were going to go with him. The Interhamwe killed him and his family as an example for others to stay. Chopped them up. Chop, chop. Nobody helped them.”
“They wanted to go back home. Isn’t that what the UN wants?” 
“The UN wants that, but not the Interhamwe. You say you know about them, but I think you do not know everything. You must understand that if the Interhamwe go back to Rwanda they will be put in jail. They murdered many Tutsi in the genocide. Here they can be safe and get strong again, so they can go back and fight the new government. If the refugees decide they want to go back home, then aid will stop. The United Nations will leave and the Red Cross will leave. The food will stop coming from overseas. They do not want this to happen, so they make the refugees stay. Without the organizations, the Interhamwe will be left weak with nothing to sell, no food, no money and the people here will kill them. The UN camps keep them safe from those that want them to pay for what they have done.” He paused to look at her. “Your sister, she knew the jungle but she did not know its people. This, I think, is why she has disappeared. You must know the people if you want to understand Africa and you must try to understand Africa if you want to be safe here. Otherwise, you will not see the danger until it is too late.”
“All right, Joseph, I promise not to feed you to the wolves, but the more I learn about your people the less I understand them.” 
She fell silent, trying to decide how best to get him to talk. 
“If I tell you, you must promise to sit by the pool today and get a tan. Mr. Anderson say if you do not have a tan tonight, I will not like my new assignment.”
“Fine. I promise.”
He hesitated for a moment. “Two weeks before Angelina must go to Mugunga camp, and we worked one night at the Goma camp here by the Mercedes Saloons. We hear a woman scream and Angelina runs into the shack where the screaming was. I try to stop her, but she does not listen. Inside there are three militia men and one of them is raping a woman. 
“Angelina screamed at him to stop, but they laugh and they do not stop. She tried to push the man off the woman and he hit her very hard. She fall and was bleeding and I tried to help her, but the other two men grabbed me,” he said, throwing her a look of apology. “This soldier try to rape her, but she grabbed his gun and she was very angry so she shot him in the legs. The other militia men they are surprised and they ran away. This man did not die. He went to jail for raping the woman and he was locked up two weeks. Mr. Anderson, he was very angry with Angelina. She could have been killed, he said. He wanted to send her home because she was trouble, but she talked to him and he sent her to Mugunga. That woman you said was wearing the necklace, she was the one they were raping that night.” 
“These Interhamwe soldiers, do you think they would have wanted her dead?” 
“I do not know. Maybe I think you are right. But there are many soldiers in the jungle. Some Interhamwe from Rwanda that is true, but there are also the rebel soldiers of Zaire. They will fight this government because the president is no good. He steals what is not his. The government troops are in the jungle too and soon there will be war here.”
“What about the refugees?” 
“They will have to go home or the Zaire rebels will kill them. They do not like them here. They do not like the Interhamwe.”
JC sighed. “You are wrong, Joseph,” she said slowly. “This is hell.”
“Yes, Dr. Carter.”
“And stop calling me that.”
“I like driving for a Dr. Carter. That is important. To drive for just JC, it is not good enough.”
“God, Joseph, you have the strangest ideas.”
“You must be a very religious person, Dr. Carter. You say God’s name many times a day.”
“I do not believe in God.” 
“That is not good. Tonight when I take you back to the mission, I think I must talk to the sisters. I will tell them maybe they must go back to their own countries because their own people have lost their religion.”
***
The lodge was built on private land next to Virungu National Park with a view of the volcano and the lush forest that surrounded it.
“Wow! Would you look at this place,” she said, climbing out of the jeep onto the freshly mowed lawn.
The lodge was built from a rich dark timber, the windows tall, perfectly clean. The lodge catered to the expensive tastes of foreign travelers.
“I bet they even have hot water,” she said, thinking of the cold showers she took at the mission.
A stone path led to the entrance with a huge carved wooden door. 
“Where is everybody?” 
“The lodge is closed. There is much trouble here and the tourists stay away.” 
“Then why are we here? Are we sneaking in?” she whispered.
“That won’t be necessary,” said a voice from the side of the lodge. 
Simon walked round the corner, a huge black Rottweiler at his heels. She pulled her stomach in and stood straighter, then hated herself for it and slouched. 
“Hello, JC. Has Africa been treating you well?” he asked as the Rottweiler started sniffing her. “Max, sit,” he commanded, his voice so authoritative she almost obeyed the command herself. 
The dog walked back to him and sat down at his left heel.
“I thought you were in Kenya.”
“I was. I flew in yesterday. Had business I needed to take care of here. Come inside. Have you had breakfast yet?” he asked, swinging the giant door open.
“No,” she said, slowly looking around the lobby.
It was huge with a high ceiling and wood beams. African masks hung on the walls and beautiful rugs of intense red covered the shiny wood floor. Above a huge fireplace, an African tapestry dominated the room, its black and white colors depicting a village scene. Several glass doors opened onto a verandah and a great view of the volcano beyond it. 
Dazed, she said, “Tell me you have hot water.”
***
 “It’s very beautiful. Is it all yours?” she asked, leaning forward in her chair to take a bite of her omelet.
“I suppose you could say that.”
“His family is very rich, Dr. Carter,” Joseph said, pointing in Simon’s direction with his fork. He continued, “If you marry him, you can feed ten children.”
Simon looked up at her, a sardonic look on his face. She blinked at Joseph, who smiled, very satisfied with his solution to all her problems.
“Ten children? That’s very ambitious.”
“Joseph thinks the root of all my problems is the lack of children to provide for me in my old age.” 
“And it’s not?” 
“Old age is the least of my problems.”
He sat watching her and she shifted uncomfortably.
“What favor did Kevin do you that you go out of your way to help me?” 
“He set up a meeting with his superiors in Geneva to try to limit the environmental impact the refugees were having on the park.”
“Did they find a solution?”
“No, not really. The UN does have a budget set aside for just such an environmental strain I guess you would call it. It was decided they would bring in commercial firewood by trucks, but the gas alone for these trucks ate up a third of the budget they set aside for restoring the environment, or rather helping it back to where it was before the refugees arrived. The trucks don’t seem to have made a difference. The refugees are still cutting down the same amount of trees as before, despite wood being brought in.”
“What about the gorillas?”
“The population is threatened. There are still poachers and with the increased activity of soldiers in the forest, it has become more dangerous for the anti-poaching units to protect them. Do you want to see them?”
“No, thank you,” she said shaking her head. “I have no desire to put myself within arm’s reach of a thousand-pound piece of monkey that could kill me with one swipe.” 
Joseph smiled and nodded in agreement at her good sense. Probably relieved he wasn’t going to have to trek up the mountain behind her, she thought.
“They are really very gentle animals. They defend themselves through intimidation, but most of it’s a bluff.”
“It’s the ‘most’ part that disturbs me, so I’ll take your word for it,” she said and looked out over the valley to the mountains beyond, imagining the gorillas on the slopes, moving through the vegetation.
***
She changed into a swimsuit Simon left for her and dove into the cool water of the pool. She swam a few laps then stopped to look at the view from the edge of the water. She thought about the children at the camps sitting in the dirt playing with trash and wondered what they would think of the pool. Climbing out, she lay down on a lounge chair. She waved to Joseph as he walked down a path to the left of the garden. He was going to find the rangers. One was a friend, he said. They would meet later. Simon had disappeared after breakfast; he had things to do.
The sun soon dried her skin, relaxed her tight muscles. Palm trees swayed slowly in the breeze and the frangipani tree dropped pink and yellow blossoms in the deep end of the pool. She closed her eyes, focused on the sound of the bees in the red bougainvillea. 
She hated the waiting. She should have done something sooner. Maybe if she had tried harder, Angelina wouldn’t have been in this place to begin with.
“Thanks, Mom,” she said. It was amazing how much she could blame on her mother, she thought. She turned on her stomach, the sun warming her back, and went to sleep.
***
The sound of ice bumping against glass woke her and she looked up to see Simon holding a drink out to her.
“Scotch.”
She sat up, reached for the glass, and took a sip, liking the smooth feel of it going down her throat. He lay back on the lounge chair next to hers.
He wore a white long-sleeved shirt and khaki pants. He had cut his hair. It was short, cropped close, but still managed to look curly. His eyes studied her as if he was trying to find an answer to something that puzzled him. She had a sudden urge to fidget but stopped herself. She hated being the one analyzed.
“Do you ever feel guilty? About all this I mean,” she asked, waving a hand in the direction of the lodge. 
“Should I be?”
“You have so much, surrounded by millions who have nothing.” 
“Do you?” he asked, frowning.
“What? Feel guilty? I don’t live here.” 
“You don’t have poor people in America?” 
“Yes, but not like this. Not on this scale. The poverty here is huge. How can you enjoy an expensive bottle of wine knowing the price you paid for it would keep the waiter’s family fed for a year?” 
“You are still judging Africa by Western standards. I’m not talking about the refugee crises, but in normal times, most people here have food, shelter, and love. What more does anybody need? You assume because they do not have a lot that they are lacking something. A job working fourteen hours a day so they can afford a house with a three-car garage isn’t going to make them any happier. Maybe they don’t have too little. Maybe it’s just that we have too much.”
“Oh you’re good,” she said, a smile creeping up her face. ”But don’t you think better medical attention and education could do a lot for this place?”
He smiled and threw a cynical look her way. “You are right, but what do you suppose I should do with my guilt? Should I sell this place and the plantation and live in Europe so that I can have a clear conscience? What about all the people that would lose their jobs if I did? Employment is scarce here and I would have sacrificed my workers’ well-being because my conscience was bothering me.” 
 “That’s too simple an answer.”
“Africa is short on answers.” He put his glass on the ground and stood up. “This,” he said pointing at the lodge, “provides work and revenue for the area. Tourism is the only reason the gorillas are still alive.” He walked to the pool’s edge and ran his hand through the water. 
She watched him, trying to figure him out. It was an old habit. She liked people categorized, labeled, and neatly explained.
“What did you study at university?” she asked.
 “Latin,” he said, turning to her to watch her reaction. He wasn’t disappointed when he caught her surprise. “What were you expecting?”
“Zoology, maybe botany, I suppose. Living out here, I just assumed you must really love nature.”
“I do. It’s why I came back. I missed it.”
“Why Latin?”
He took his shirt off. “I wanted to learn something new.”
She frowned as he stripped down to his swimming trunks. Whatever she had wanted to say got stuck halfway up her throat, her eyes running over his chest like a hungry schoolgirl. 
“What about you?” he asked. “What does the ‘doctor’ in Dr. Carter stand for?”
She looked away, cleared her throat, and then said. “Psychology.” Her voice sounded strained and she looked back at him to see if he had noticed.
“Years of study to listen to people whine on a couch. What good is a doctorate if you can’t save lives?”
Her pulse dropped suddenly back to normal. A cold shower couldn’t have done a better job. She looked down at the ice in her glass, swirled the dark liquid and took a sip. The comment shouldn’t have surprised her, she had heard it often enough.
“I wish my mom had spoken to a psychologist before she cut her wrists with a razor. She bled to death on the bathroom floor.” She raised her eyes to look at him. “It might have saved her life, don’t you think?” 
She stood up, watched the color of his eyes change as he drew a hand through his hair.
“I’m sorry.” 
He reached to stop her as she walked past him, but she stepped away, avoiding the contact and headed back to the lodge.
“Why should you be sorry?” she said over her shoulder. 
“JC, wait.”
It was still her biggest regret. She should have known her mother was desperate, should have done something to prevent it. 
But she hadn’t. 
 She had been through it all countless times in her head. The anger toward her mother, the feelings of abandonment and rejection. The selfish thoughts that she had not been enough for her mother to live for. But worst was the guilt she felt at her own relief that her mother’s years of severe depression had finally ended. The relief was the hardest thing to forgive herself for. Therapy taught her how to deal with the pain, but the guilt was different. It clung, stubborn and relentless. She should have been there, should have known. It was that simple. 
Angelina found the body and the blood on the white tile floor. She had refused therapy, was adamant that she was fine, then dropped out of college, and left the country.
“JC, stop.” 
He caught up with her and pulled her around to look at him. His hand felt hot on her skin and she looked to where it circled her arm. 
“Simon, just let it go. Okay? You shouldn’t apologize for a bias many people have toward mental health. And there isn’t really anything you or anybody can say to make me feel better about what happened to my mother. So just leave it alone.”
She watched him as he struggled to find something to say and failed. She almost felt sorry for him, only not enough to put him out of his misery. Let him suffer with the awkwardness, she thought. He dropped his hand and she turned away, walking back to the lodge. 
She changed and went in search of Joseph. She found him taking a nap on the lawn in the shade of a giant tree. She watched him for a second, contemplating if she should wake him. The jeep was unlocked and she opened the door, checking for the car keys. 
They were in the ignition. 
She put the car in neutral and pushed it, rolling it down the slope. As it gathered speed, she jumped in and quietly closed the door.
She started the engine as it reached the bottom of the slope. In the rear view mirror, she watched Joseph jump to his feet as she put her foot down hard on the gas pedal. The jeep lurched forward and down the road.
EIGHT
She had no idea what she was doing. She did know that if she wasted one more minute in the bug-infested, disease-ridden, stinking sauna they called the Congo she was going to kill someone. The feeling of urgency she had before was starting to turn to panic. She thought she had things under control but Simon’s remark had proved her wrong.
The regret was still there, stronger than ever. She had done nothing to stop her mother’s death and it wasn’t something she wanted to go through again. She had to do everything in her power to find her sister and sitting around a damn pool wasn’t going to do it.
She swerved around a pothole and the tires slid on the gravel. She slowed down, took a deep breath, and tightened her hands on the steering wheel. She reached for her bag, feeling the solidness of the gun she had taken from Simon’s office. Using a gun looked easy enough on TV. Just like taking it had been easy. She had been in Africa two weeks and already she had stolen a car, a gun, and was ready to kill someone if she had to. No wonder the place was such a mess. Living here would make her a death row candidate in no time. 
She would start with Lac Vert. Peter Smiley had mentioned that most of the higher government officials could be found there. It was by the lake and there were signs she could follow. Sounded logical. She approached an intersection and braked hard, the car sliding to a dusty stop on the dirt road. She didn’t remember having come this way. Didn’t remember the intersection. There were no signs, just one dirt road running into another. The breeze stirred the long grass along the road and a raven pecked at a dead snake. It lifted its shiny black head to watch her before returning to its lunch. She turned left, taking a guess. A white Land Rover was the first sign that she had guessed right. She dropped back out of its dusty trail and followed it through the trees to the lake below. 
The closer she came to the camps the more crowded the road became. Women carrying jerry cans filled with water walked on the opposite side of the road. The water came from the lake. She followed the trail of yellow cans to a sign that said Lac Vert. It pointed right through a banana plantation. She locked the doors, remembering Peter’s advice not to get caught here after dark and not to get out of the car. Maybe he was exaggerating. People always tended to exaggerate the danger. 
Taking a deep breath, she turned in between the trees, the tires crunching over the hard volcanic rock. The jeep bounced side to side over the uneven ground and she took off her sunglasses. It was darker under the trees and the shadows played with her imagination as she followed the narrow path.
People were camped out among the trees, staring as she passed. The narrow road forced her to a crawl behind those walking. She lifted her hand to honk the horn but stopped midway, her eyes on the machetes swinging loosely in their hands as they walked. Her heart beat faster at the arrogant swagger of a man who approached the car from her right, stopping at her window to watch her, a machine gun in his hand. With every slow mile, the number of women decreased until only men remained, their eyes hostile as they moved slowly out of her way. They wore the tattered uniforms of a defeated army. 
Her heart was racing now, her mind working overtime to justify the danger, the craziness of it. She rubbed the sweat from her left palm on her jeans and sat up straighter, keeping her eyes on the path. The long grass brushed alongside the car, small shrubs scratching at the underside. The trees grew denser; the plantation had long ago run wild. This was a mistake.
There was no room to turn around. Her hands were shaking now, her heart pounding. The light was fading from the sky and she remembered the warning. If she kept going at her current pace she wouldn’t reach the lake until midnight. She glanced in her rearview mirror and her heart stopped. The road behind her was filled with young men in green military uniforms. Where had they all come from? She wanted out, fast. 
 She stopped the car, put it in reverse and backed up slowly, turning the jeep in between two trees praying nobody was camped at that particular spot. As she slammed in the first gear, they surrounded the jeep their hands slapping at the windows, clubs knocking at the windows. They rocked the car as she put her foot on the accelerator and forced the jeep slowly through the crowd back onto the path. 
 They parted reluctantly, letting her through, their faces smug and their eyes hard. They could break the glass and grab her. It was that easy. She fought the panic and kept the car moving, just fast enough to force them aside. Then she was through and the path cleared and the front wheels bumped back onto the wide dirt road. She looked in the rearview mirror where they stood on the road behind her. Taking huge gulps of air and fighting tears she drove back to the main road, then back to town. 
***
Getting her nerves under control, she bought a can of Coke from the market in town and sat in the car waiting for her heartbeat to return to normal. A black Mercedes cruised by and she watched it drive down the road. Jean Pierre had told her about the men in dark suits wearing sunglasses and driving around town in shiny Mercedes Benz. They were her second option. Lac Vert was a mistake, but it didn’t mean she was giving up. Some of the top honchos were right here in town. She drove around town for a while, even thought about asking someone, but didn’t know how. Asking for a location on a few good thugs wasn’t a standard question.
She circled the main square then took a right down an alley. She stopped at a junction and waited for a black Mercedes to pass then turned to follow it. The car had no license plate and the windows were tinted black. If the men in the car knew they were being followed, they didn’t seem bothered by it. In a deserted part of town, the car parked next to others like it in front of the only building that still had glass in the windows. A sign above a door proclaimed it as Cocoa Jumbo, a disco.
She parked the jeep around the corner and headed across the road, watching the Mercedes she had followed. Two men in army fatigues with semiautomatic guns got out and walked towards the building, opening a door. A rap song blasted onto the street, along with laughter and voices. The back door of the Mercedes opened and a man in a suit got out slowly, his eyes on JC as she approached. His bodyguards watched her but didn’t seem threatened which didn’t help her confidence level. The man walked to the door and disappeared inside, the soldiers following him.
She stopped beside the wall and looked back the way she had come. They couldn’t do anything to her here in town. Not so close to all the aid workers. The disco was a public place after all. Taking a deep breath, she yanked the door open. 
It was dark and smoky inside, the music loud. She held her breath, stepped into the smoke, and the door closed behind her. Her eyes adjusted to the shadows and she squinted at a girl wearing pink underwear, sitting on a man’s lap. The place was crowded with men in suits and uniforms. Every single pair of eyes was focused on her. Her idea of blending in vanished, but at least she wasn’t the only white person in the joint. Across the room at the bar stood a group of journalists drinking beer. Peter was among them and he waved her over.
She made her way through the shuffling dancers to the bar. Peter smiled as she approached and made room for her next to him. 
“What’s a girl like you doing in a place like this?” he asked, his voice raised above the music. 
“Looking for a few good thugs.”
“You’ve come to the right place then. Drink?”
“Water please.”
He ordered her some mineral water. 
“Who’s the big guy around here?” she asked.
Peter looked around, his eyes scanning the suits then pointed to a man sitting at a corner table. He was huge. His body spilled over the sides of the chair and his head seemed attached to his body without a neck. He sat over a plate of salad greens, eating slowly and sipping from a water bottle. 
“If anybody knows something about your sister’s disappearance, it would be him.”
Her water arrived and she took a grateful sip. It was chilled to perfection. Bob Marley started singing “I shot the sheriff” and the dance floor was suddenly crammed with dancers whistling and shouting.
“This happens every time they play this song,” Peter shouted over the noise and turned to watch the madness of stomping military boots.
“I need to go talk to him. Can you introduce me?” she asked, nodding in the direction of the big guy. 
“We aren’t on speaking terms anymore. Must have something to do with an article I wrote about him a while back. He takes everything so personally, especially the truth. But don’t worry. He loves to talk and if you aren’t a journalist, he’ll talk to you. Just walk over and sit down.”
She turned to watch the man. He was done eating and sat picking his teeth with a nail. 
“Wish me luck.”
Peter raised his beer and she walked over before she changed her mind. The man glanced up as she approached. He wore sunglasses and his blunt fingers gripped a cigar, the nails, long and dirty, curled over his fat digits. 
 He studied her, his wet lips sucking on the cigar, then started a rasping noise in his throat and spat on the floor. She looked down at the mucus spot as it spread out next to similar wet splotches. Carefully moving her feet away, she looked up, masking her revulsion. He was staring at her, an expectant look on his face. 
“I am looking for my sister,” she said, finding her voice. “I have heard that you are a powerful man around here and know all that goes on in the camps. I have also heard you control them. If that is true, you must know something about my sister’s disappearance.” 
It sounded good and he looked pleased. He indicated she should sit down. 
”You are right. I am a man of power here, but why would I tell you anything?”
She hadn’t thought about that. She had no money on her and she didn’t think threatening him would be wise.
“I have nothing I can offer you,” she said. 
The rasping noise returned to the man’s throat and she snatched her feet out of the way as mucus splashed onto the floor. His skin folds moved as he shifted in the chair, setting off a high pitched creak.
“Do you know who I am?” 
“Not the details,” she admitted and opting for politeness held out her hand. “I am Josephine Carter, pleased to meet you.”
Her hand was ignored and after a few seconds, she dropped it back on the table. She hadn’t really wanted to touch him anyway. 
He leaned forward, bringing his face a couple of inches from hers and smiled. He had the breath of a camel.
“I am a man who could kill you and nobody would stop me,” he said, letting the words sink in before leaning back in his chair again, waiting for her reaction.
She remained calm under his scrutiny, refusing to show that she was intimidated. Her heart was pounding as he studied her. She could feel the gun in her bag and it made her feel better. Slightly better.
“Your sister, she is very important to you. You take great risks for her,” he said, pausing. “Loyalty to your own people. That is what makes Africa strong and free. Education will help make us strong. I too have had an education. I went to the best universities in Europe. It has made me free. And I will free my country from the West and its interference in our own domestic affairs. Your journalists don’t like the way we fight our wars, our social reconstruction. It is an unfortunate part of development in a new country. The history books of Europe and America are full of such incidents. It is a natural part of the process. Does the West not wish us to progress?”
She refused to play his game and kept quiet. She watched a blister of sweat on his forehead lose the battle with gravity and disappear into his eyebrows.
“Your sister is dead,” he said simply, and spat on the floor.
She flinched and concentrated very hard on breathing. Focus, she told herself.
“Why?”
“The refugees listened to her talk of disobedience to their leaders. She was warned many times to stop with her lies and her interference in the camp, but she was not easily frightened, so she was killed. It was an example to others.”
Taking a deep breath she asked, “How did she die?”
“She was shot. One bullet through the brain; it is very effective.”
It wasn’t true, she told herself. An image of her sister’s body came instantly into her mind. What was she going to do? Her hand found the black string around her neck. 
“If this is true, I will make sure you spend the rest of your life in jail.” 
“Jail?” he barked with a violent explosion of laughter. “That is funny. You must be forgetting where you are. You must not worry, it is the heat that makes you forget that here the police have no power. The organizations here have no power. This is Africa, people die here every day. People disappear because the fates are powerful. You think your sister can escape fate because her skin is white? Africa, she is not racist.”
“You son of a bitch.” 
“Welcome to the jungle, Miss Carter,” he laughed.
 What if it was true? she thought. What if he had killed her? He didn’t look like he could walk around the block. He would never have hiked into the jungle. If he had, he was right about getting away with it. It was her word against his and she was the bigger stranger here. And if they did believe her, what would they do about it? What about the necklace? How did it end up in the camp with that woman? That detail was all she had left and she clung to it. 
Why had the first search party found signs of Angelina having left the village alive? Karen’s body was found without much trouble. Why would they hide Angelina’s body? What if somehow Angelina had escaped her captors and fled into the forest? What if she had been wounded and needed help? She could be lost, walking in circles waiting for rescue. JC knew she was grasping at straws, but it was all she had.
“You said she was shot. Did you pull the trigger?”
He sighed and shook his head. “I am a politician, not a soldier. I wear a suit. I say to my men, you must go do this thing. It is done because I say it must be done. My best man has assured me that she is dead. He knows the punishment for disobeying me is not something he could live with.”
He laughed at his own joke.
“This best man of yours, is he here?”
He sighed in resignation and shouted something at the crowd. Immediately it parted, leaving a corridor open at the end of which she saw a man on the floor. Another shouted command and the man was placed on his feet and dragged over. He was out cold.
“You must be joking.” 
“This man,” he said, grabbing hold of his hair and jerking his head back, “can kill thirty people in one day and never get tired. He is a great warrior.” 
The great warrior was drooling. 
“Yes I can see that,” she said sarcastically. “I think he lied to you.”
“You are mistaken.”
“Then let’s ask him.”
He weighed the suggestion for a little while then shrugged. 
Another command was shouted and a bucket of water was dumped on the soldier’s head. He immediately jerked up, fully awake. Confused to find himself standing, he pulled himself free and looked at her.
Pure terror raced across his face and down into his throat where it found a scream that rushed out though his mouth. He stumbled back, falling and muttering the same words over and over again, not taking his eyes off her. Finally finding his feet again, he jumped up and ran out the door, still screaming. 
Staring at the door the great warrior had disappeared through, she asked, “What was he mumbling about?” Turning back to the big guy, she noticed he was staring at her, his dark sunglasses finally removed. A frown had planted itself on his forehead and she watched as he came to some conclusion he didn’t share.
“He has had too much drink,” he said, his eyes shifting to look out the door.
She studied him, but he said nothing. 
Great Warrior thinks I am my sister, she thought. Maybe he isn’t afraid of me at all. Maybe he’s afraid of what this man would do to him for not obeying an order.
NINE
“You must not rub bottoms with a porcupine,” Joseph said, glaring at her. He grabbed the keys to the jeep from her hand and stomped away.
“I’ll make it up to you,” JC shouted after him, climbing into Simon’s Land Cruiser. 
Feeling guilty, she watched Joseph speed away.
“If Kevin ever found out you took the jeep and almost got yourself killed, Joseph would lose his job, which is to make sure you stay out of trouble.”
“My life was not in danger.” 
“Don’t be an ass, JC. Why wouldn’t they kill you?” 
“They can’t go around killing Americans and get away with it.”
“I take it back, you are an ass,” he observed darkly. “Why do you think you are exempt from every evil that could happen to the rest of us? Have you forgotten why you are here? They did kill an American, maybe two, and they did more than get away with it.”
He was right, but she hated being wrong so she wasn’t about to admit it. She didn’t even want to think about Lac Vert.
“Why are you putting yourself in such danger?”
“I have to find her, Simon,” she said slowly.
“You will, but not like this.”
 “My sister has disappeared and Kevin expects me to sit back and do nothing. I might as well have stayed in LA. I didn’t want to be here. I still don’t. I hate this place, but he dragged my ass here, so now my ass will rub bottoms with every damn porcupine I damn well please.”
She looked down at her hands in her lap and fought for control. She was holding the necklace, watching the gold bird reflect the sun. Closing her hand tightly, she felt it dig into her palm and Simon’s hand reached out, capturing hers. He shouldn’t have done that, she thought. She had been fine until he showed sympathy. She turned her head to the window as the tears ran down her face.
***
Her breakdown had surprised him, probably because she always seemed in complete control. She sat on the sofa, staring at the flames in the fireplace. He watched as she sat up straight and smoothed her hair. She seemed to regain some of her poise and something in him admired that. Maybe he was just grateful she was getting it together. Her tears made him uncomfortable.
He could feel the beginning of a headache behind his eyes and he sighed, rubbing at his temples. He wasn’t any good at this, had no idea what to say. He could probably start with an apology for his earlier statement about shrinks.
The kettle started whistling and he turned to the kitchen to make tea, happy he had something to do. With the tea on a tray, he walked back to the living room, placing it on the coffee table. Her crying had left her eyes puffy and red, her make-up looking like she had a couple of black eyes. He dipped a tissue in a glass of water and knelt down on the carpet in front of her. Surprised, she drew back a little but he caught her face in his hand and pulled her closer, wiping the wet tissue over the smudged make-up. She held her breath, closing her eyes as he cleaned the black smudges.
“Why do you wear so much make-up?”
“I have the strange idea that I might look more attractive with it,” she sniffed. “Is it not working?” 
Finished, he studied his work for a second, her face still held tight between his fingers.
“Better?” she asked, opening her eyes.
He nodded slowly, then dropped his hand and moved away. 
“Do you take milk in your tea?”
“No, thank you,” she said and watched as he poured milk in his own cup.
Simon sat down next to her on the sofa, felt her body stiffen, and moved away a little, giving her the distance she seemed to need. She reached for her bag, pulled out a gun and he jumped off the sofa, his tea spilling on his pants.
“Christ, it’s not that bad,” he said quickly, pausing at her blank expression, then said, “Just put the gun down.”
She started laughing as she looked from him to the gun, which didn’t help his peace of mind. 
“I wasn’t going to shoot myself, I just wanted to give it back,” she said, grinning as she looked at the wet spot on his pants.
He looked at the gun. It was his all right. Putting down the empty teacup, he picked up the gun, checking to see if the safety was on. It wasn’t. He opened the chamber. It wasn’t loaded.
“Did you know it wasn’t loaded?”
“I wasn’t really going to kill anybody with it. I just wanted to scare them if I needed to.”
“If you’re going into a situation in which you need to take a gun, you had better be bloody prepared to use it,” he said coldly. “You only put your own life in greater danger by pulling out a gun you have no intention of using. Especially on that dodgy crowd.” 
He had a right to be mad, and she was too tired to argue anyway. He left the room with the gun, coming back a little later wearing dry pants and sipping a new cup of tea. He put a log on the fire before sitting in an armchair, facing her.
“What are you trying to prove with your dangerous stunts?”
“That she is alive.” 
“Then the search party will find her.”
“Maybe. But what if they don’t? What if Kevin calls off the search because he believes what everybody else does? She’s alive; I have to make him see that. She’s out there. Maybe she’s been injured or she’s just lost.” 
“What makes you think she is still alive?”
 She stood up, needing to move, and paced in front of the fire. “Do you remember the soldier who ran into you when you got to the disco?” 
“Hard to miss him. It’s not every day you see a killer like that run as if the devil had come to take him to hell.”
“Exactly. He was afraid for his life. Why?”
Simon shrugged, not seeing a connection.
“Because he was supposed to have killed her. I think somehow he failed and he is afraid of what that son of a bitch he works for would do to him if he knew. So he lies, he keeps quiet and he prays the forest will finish off the job he started. That’s why seeing me scared the hell out of him.” She pulled her bag closer and rummaged inside pulling out a book. Flipping through the pages, she found what she was looking for and handed him a photograph of her and Angelina on the beach. “We are identical and he thought I was her. He thought he was about to die for his failure.”
“Maybe he thought you were a ghost. What you have discovered makes her sound more likely to be dead than alive.”
She looked away, listening to the flames crackle as they hungrily ate the wood. It wasn’t what she wanted to hear. She knew the possibility existed; she just didn’t want to believe it. It all sounded so flimsy and she had no proof of anything. No way of finding out if what she guessed had happened was true. 
***
 She closed her eyes and pulled the trigger. The gun jerked in her hand, missing the target completely. The gunshot echoed through the trees of the valley.
“You are going to have to keep your eyes open.”
He came up behind her and she inhaled sharply, holding her breath. 
“Here, hold it like this. Focus this point on the target and squeeze the trigger gently.”
His presence wasn’t helping her focus much. Concentrating on the feel of his body pressed against her back, she pulled the trigger gently, her eyes wide open this time.
She missed.
“Damn, I am never going to hit it. Can’t you make the target bigger? I will probably never meet a man the size of a tin can.”
He took the gun from her and aimed at the cans set up in a row along the log. He hit the first one, sending it jumping into the air and bouncing off the ground. 
“Show-off!”
“Try again,” he said, handing the gun back to her. He walked over and picked the can up, replacing it on the log. Turning back, he flinched as he saw the gun pointed at him.
“That isn’t funny,” he said, ducking out of the way.
Smiling, she aimed at the can and closing one eye, pulled the trigger. The can jerked and disappeared behind the log.
“Yes!” It was easier focusing without him breathing down her neck. 
“Simon, put it back up.”
He looked at the gun.
“I’ll behave. I promise,” she said sweetly, giving him her best smile. 
After she finished the round, he showed her how to reload, and then stood behind her, watching her practice. She learned fast, hitting the cans three out of five times.
“How am I doing?”
“Just beautiful.”
She turned to look at him and his questioning face looked back. Her eyes narrowed as she walked to the log and picked up the cans. She could feel his eyes on her.
He didn’t turn away as she walked back, didn’t break eye contact. She reloaded the gun the way he had showed her then lifted it and aimed. The gun felt good in her hand, heavy and solid. She focused all her frustrations into it and didn’t miss one can.
Anger was powerful. 
They walked back to the lodge the long way. 
“I need to find the soldier from yesterday, Simon.”
“Why?”
“I have to make sure.”
“Well if you’re right about him, my guess is the best place to find him is the town morgue.”
***
They were taken to a shed behind the police building. It was set apart from the rest, probably because of the smell, she thought. She pulled her T-shirt over the bottom half of her face, but it didn’t help. Their guide stopped a few feet from the shed, gesturing for them to go ahead, then covered his nose with his hand and watched them.
Simon stepped forward and opened the rusted shed door. A swarm of flies gushed out on the overpowering smell of rotting flesh. Turning away from the door, he threw up in the tall grass growing along the wall.
A mangy dog grasped that moment to bolt through the door, blood dripping from its mouth. Their guide yelled and aimed at it with his foot, kicking it in the ribs. It sent the dog flying against a tree trunk where it lay dazed, yelping in fear. When its attacker tried again, it recovered in time to show what was left of its teeth. Backing off, he let the dog go and it disappeared around the side of the building. 
Simon wiped his mouth then walked to where JC stood.
“You still want to do this?” he asked, his eyes narrowed.
She swallowed and nodded, moving toward the shed. Holding her breath, she stepped inside the wet darkness and waited a second for her eyes to adjust. The black bodies of flies crawled over the shed floor. Blood-soaked sheets covered six forms lying on the floor. One corpse lay exposed, the sheet pulled off, the face half eaten, an eye staring unseeing at the ceiling.
She ignored the flies tickling her legs and jumped as a rat crept out from under a body. It paused to stare at her without fear. If Simon wasn’t standing right behind her, she would have made a run for it then. Instead, she was running out of air.
Moving forward, she stepped over the partially uncovered body. The blood puddles were hard to avoid so she didn’t and her feet left smudged prints in the sticky black mess. She carefully looked under three of the sheets, finally finding a face she recognized. She forced herself to make sure it was him, then turning away ran out of the shed.
Forcing down the instinct to keep running, she stopped and waited for Simon as he closed the door. Her stomach heaved and she swallowed the bile rising to her mouth then gave in and threw up.
Inside the office, she sat in a chair, waiting for the policeman to be done with his questions. She rubbed her face on her sleeve and flinched. The smell clung to her. She could smell it on her hands, on her hair. She couldn’t think straight, only half answering questions thrown at her. The tick of the ancient typewriter was driving her nuts. She just wanted to leave, wanted a hot shower, and wanted lots of sweet-smelling soap. She sat tensely, arms wrapped tightly around herself.
On the way back to the mission, Joseph pulled up next to them at an intersection. Leaning out his window, he shouted for them to follow him back to the camp.
“What’s going on?” 
Joseph picked up the communication radio sitting on the seat next to him.
“Mr. Anderson says the search party is back. We must meet him at the camp.” Joseph pulled out ahead of them and Simon followed.
TEN
Kevin was waiting for them. If he was surprised at Simon’s presence, he didn’t show it. He ushered them into his office and closed the door.
“JC, please sit down,” he said, not meeting her eyes and keeping all expression from his face.
 “Where’s Angelina?” 
“JC, please.”
“Is she in the medical tent? Is she okay?”
“They didn’t find her.” 
 The silence in the room sounded like screaming in her ears. She turned back to the door, wanting to get out of the room. With her hand on the door handle, she stopped. She looked down at her hand and noticed her nails were dirty. It was a strange detail but her mind was desperate for distraction. Taking a deep breath, she turned back, glancing at the faces watching her. They had given up. She was prepared for it. She knew she could make them change their minds. She focused on the problems. The horrors would stay away if she just focused.
“What did they say?” she demanded.
“JC, please sit down,” Kevin sighed.
It wasn’t until Joseph took her by the shoulders and led her to the chair that she gave in.
 Kevin watched her closely. 
 “They had a difficult time following the tracks through the forest. They searched the area for three weeks and they didn’t find anything.” He spoke slowly, as if to a child who couldn’t understand and she resented him for it. “They lost all sign of any tracks.”
“Now what?” 
Kevin glanced at Simon, irritating her even more. 
“I assume that now we get together another search party and start again where these guys left off, right?”
Kevin sat looking at the pen in his hand. He twisted it back and forth searching for the right words, only he didn’t find them.
“I’m sorry.”
 He was sorry. She was sorry too. What the hell was he so damn sorry for anyway?
 “For what? You’re sorry for what?”
 “There won’t be another search party. It’s been months. We have to assume your sister is dead.”
 “Listen to yourself, you’re assuming she’s dead. But you don’t know for sure.” Kevin stared at her in silence. “Do you?” 
She shook her head as Simon walked toward her and his long fingers slid over her shoulders. Her hands were shaking and she looked down at them.
“I’m fine,” she said, taking a deep breath. Shrugging off his hands, she stood up.
Joseph was staring at the floor, avoiding her eyes as she stood in front of him. He turned the hat in his hands round and round. She couldn’t let this happen. She had to stop it, and she turned back to Kevin.
“Angelina isn’t dead. I’ve been doing some of my own searching.” She heard Joseph inhale deeply and she flinched. “I saw the body of the man who was supposed to have killed her, but I know he didn’t. He was killed because he failed in killing her. Ask Simon,” she said pointing at him. “He was there. I found the thug who ordered her death. Someka confessed to me about it. He said Karen’s death was unfortunate, but that she got in the way and it was Angelina they were after. I know she is alive and she’s just lost in that jungle. You said yourself she loved the jungle, that she knew all kinds of things about it. She knows how to survive in it. You can’t give up the search, because if you do then you’re the one that kills her, because she’s alive. You have to believe me.” Her hands were spread out on the desk top, her face pleading as she looked intently at him.
“What are you talking about?” he asked, his gaze on Joseph. “Maybe you had better start from the beginning.” 
He listened, his gaze shifting between her and Joseph as she told him of her meeting with Someka.
“I can understand why you have gone to such trouble,” he said finally. “But I need you to understand that putting your own life at risk isn’t going to change anything except by maybe getting you killed too. I won’t be responsible for that. I am putting you on the first plane out.”
“No!” she shouted.
“It isn’t a choice!” he yelled back.
“You haven’t listened to a word I’ve said and I was never your responsibility,” she shot back at him. “I am not leaving until I find her.”
Her voice was stronger now, more stable.
“We may never know what happened,” he continued. “I am not sending more men into that forest. It is too dangerous.”
“I am not leaving. I’m going after her with or without your help.”
She turned away, yanking the door open in anger and slamming it behind her.
“Goddamn that woman,” Kevin said, opening a drawer to pull some papers out then slammed it shut again.
“Talk to her,” Kevin said to Simon.” I don’t know why or how you’re involved in this, but if you want to do her a favor, get her on the first plane out.”
Joseph stood up watching the door as it closed behind Simon.
“Joseph, sit down,” Kevin said quietly.
“Yes, Mr. Anderson.” 
***
 “I’m going to need money,” she said as Simon approached her. “Are the banks in town any good?”
She was leaning against his car, the stick in her hand slapping against her leg.
“Are you suicidal?” 
She flinched at his question.
“You know, I used to think Angelina was,” she said slowly.
She looked up at the volcano and he watched her, not saying a word. She hadn’t given one thought to Joseph and it bothered him.
After a while she asked, “Did you know that sometimes surviving family members of someone who committed suicide take their own lives as well?”
He didn’t respond, but she didn’t really expect him to. She walked a little distance to a rise and stood looking out over the camp.
“I was always afraid she was a little suicidal because she always put herself in the most dangerous places and it scared me. She was surrounded by death. I used to think that’s why she did it. I thought she was suicidal. But I was wrong. They just carry on, no matter how bad life gets. If the rains don’t come, their crops die. The government robs them of aid money and if they survive without starving, then their children die of some disease. Their government treats them badly and every ten years a war kills a few million more and they just keep living. Parents don’t give their children names until they are two years old, until their chance of survival is more secure and it’s worth naming them. They, above all others, have every reason to lie down and die and look at them.”
She paused, listening to the coughing and the crying, the sounds of talking and laughing. Cooking fires were lit and children played as the women worked and the men sat around watching life go by. 
“Angelina came here to learn how to live, not die,” she said, then turned back to him. “I don’t want to die here, Simon, but I can’t live knowing there was something more I could have done. I’ve lived with that guilt before. I won’t do it again.”
Simon stared at her, his eyes narrowing as he chose his words carefully.
“Do you at least admit the possibility that she may be dead?”
“Yes.”
He sighed and turned to where they could see the forest crawl up the mountains to the west. “You know nothing about that forest.”
“No,” she said slowly. “But you do.”
“No,” he said turning away and walking back to the car. She beat him to it, stopped him from getting in by leaning against the door. 
“Simon, please just hear me out. I know I have no right to ask this of you, but I don’t know anyone else. Joseph said you know the forest.”
“You have been doing your research.” 
“Two weeks, Simon. That’s it, I’m begging you.”
He snorted. “It won’t take two weeks.”
“Please.” 
“No.”
“Why?”
“It’s too dangerous. This country is about to split wide open with civil war and I am not about to walk into the middle of an African war.”
 He pulled her off the car and got in. 
“You want to live, then don’t go in that forest. Get on a plane tomorrow and get out.” 
He started the car and she watched him drive away.
***
 “Joseph, wait,” she called. 
He stamped away from her, not stopping. She ran to catch up with him then walked beside him tripping as she tried to keep up.
“Joseph, I’m sorry, but I didn’t have a choice, I had to tell Kevin what I knew. Please will you stop just a minute? I need you to understand.”
Joseph stopped suddenly and turned to glare at her.
“What must I understand?” he said slowly, the fury clear on his face. “Must I understand that now you have told him, the search does not stop? It has stopped. Must I understand that now I have no more work here, I cannot feed my family? All this is not serious. Why? Because I must understand, a white girl is missing. This is serious. We must find the white girl.”
 “She isn’t just a white girl. She’s my sister and your friend. Don’t worry about Kevin, I’ll talk to him. He can’t just fire you.”
He stared at her, and then turned away. She watched him go, frustrated and confused. 
“Joseph, I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you. Look, will you please stop for a minute,” she asked, grabbing his arm. He pulled away from her, refusing to listen. 
“I’ll hire you,” she shouted after him.
Joseph stopped and turned back to her.
“What is it that I will do?” he asked suspiciously.
“I am going to need help when I go looking for her,” she said. 
He grabbed his hat from his head and threw it on the ground. He looked angrier than ever. 
“Are you mad?” he spat, his sunglasses an inch from her nose. “Is it not enough I have lost my job? Now you want to kill me.” He backed away, not taking his eye off her. “You must not speak to me again,” he shouted, then picked up his hat and stalked away.
She watched him disappear, mumbling under his breath.
ELEVEN
The complications were astounding. Who knew a hike in the jungle was not a simple matter of throwing some clothes in a backpack and heading for the hills? It took a couple of days of making inquiries just to find a tracker—the technical word for guide, she learned with the help of McDermott. His card had come in handy. With his help, she had finally found a tracker and spent hundreds persuading him to go so late in the season. She hadn’t even known there was a season.
The rains were only seven weeks away, he warned. The importance of making sure they were back before the rains was emphasized. With all the other things to worry about in a bug paradise, she hadn’t thought a bit of rain featured high on their danger list. But seven weeks was a lot more time than what she needed, so she didn’t worry about the rain.
He would find the cook and the bearers to carry the loads, he said. It was strange how his price jumped up after she asked what loads. He did a lot of head shaking, then handed her a list. His writing was miserable and the list seemed endless. They would need antivenin for snake bites, he said. Morphine for pain, antibiotics, quinine, Fansidor, dressings, bandages, antiseptic creams, syringes, penicillin for the bearers. Tobacco (for the chiefs, he explained) Maglite torches—
“What is a Maglite torch,” she asked, imagining sticks of fire.
“For light.”
“You mean a flashlight?”
 He frowned at her and she recognized the face he made when considering raising the price again. She read on . . .English batteries—
“American ones no good?” she asked.
He was still frowning. No sense of humor. It was going to be a long walk. Machetes, water bottles, pineapples, flour, sardines, sugar, manioc. A gun for shooting dinner. Cartridges for the gun.
“Is that all?” she asked sarcastically.
He said he would add more later, but most important was that she get permission.
“Permission?” 
“Yes, you must get papers to go into the interior. The district manager must give you permission to go into the forest. Without these papers stating official business, we will be turned back if we come across soldiers.”
“Great.”
After arranging to meet later, she thanked him and stepped into the road. A red Nissan slammed on its brakes, narrowly missing her. A Toyota behind it swerved to miss the Nissan, hitting a man on a bicycle, taking a load of chickens to market. The man landed with a crash on the hood of the Toyota and the bicycle crashed through a store window. The Toyota slammed on its brakes, sending the man sprawling at her feet. Chickens escaped through the store window, leaving feathers behind as a gang of kids chased them down the street.
 “Damn!” 
She bent down, rolling the man at her feet over onto his back.
“Are you hurt?” she asked, searching for broken bones and stopping suddenly.
It was Joseph. 
She carefully removed the twisted pink sunglasses from his face and asked, “Would you believe me, if I said I was sorry?”
Picking himself up, Joseph brushed the dirt from his clothes. She picked up his hat, dusted it off, and tried to straighten out the dents.
“Dr. Carter, you are trying to kill me.”
He watched as his chickens were carried off in all directions.
“I’ll pay for the damage,” she said quickly.
“Yes. Why not? You are a rich American. For you money takes care of everything.” 
He entered the store and examined what was left of his bicycle. Resigned, she followed him. Bags of flour, split open by the glass, had poured their contents on the floor. An Indian woman, wrapped in a red and gold sari, yelled at them as JC handed her money. The wheels on the bicycle were bent, the frame only slightly less damaged. 
“What are you going to do?” she asked Joseph.
“I will buy a new bicycle.”
He lifted the bent frame to his shoulder and took the wheel out of her hand.
“Joseph, let’s not end our friendship like this. Won’t you at least let me try to help?”
“You must not worry for me,” he said. “I have a good job with Mr. Frazer. It is yourself you must worry for because you are still here and this means you are going into that forest with a bad spirit following you. It will cause you great harm. This proves it,” he said shaking the bicycle. “You must not go.”
Shaking his head, he turned and walked down the road. 
***
The list proved easy enough even if it was time consuming, but two days later she still had not been able to track down the District Manager. He was never in his office and his secretary, a woman who sat in front of an empty desk all day, would occasionally pick up the phone and talk for hours with a friend. After two days of watching the mold patches grow on the concrete wall, while sitting on a termite-eaten couch that looked like something a camel had regurgitated, she decided the man was never going to make an appearance. Maybe somebody had forgotten to inform him what an office was used for.
“Where would I find the District Manager?” she asked, sitting down in an empty chair next to Jean Pierre in the cafe. 
He had left a message for her at the mission saying he was going to be in town and would she meet him. 
“A beautiful girl like you should not be chasing a man like the District Manager.”
“What should a beautiful girl like me be doing?” she asked, taking a sip of his gin and tonic.
“She would be going to a party dressed in a beautiful gown, with jewels at her neck and a handsome Frenchman at her side.” 
“Really?” 
He laughed and got up to fetch her drink. She watched him stand at the bar. He was young, probably in his late twenties, she thought and it was true, he was good-looking. His dark hair was trimmed in a buzz cut and his tanned face was studded with stubble. 
“I am serious, Josephine. Come with me tonight,” he said, putting a glass down in front of her.
“A party? It’s a little early for Halloween isn’t it?”
“I promise you have seen nothing like it. Lobster from Maine, champagne, caviar all the way from Paris, dancing and fun.”
 “You must be joking,” she said, trying to imagine a place in Goma for such a party.
“Why would I lie?”
“I can’t,” she said finally. “I still have a lot do.”
“The District Manager will be there.”
“Pick me up at eight.”
***
It was one of those huge whitewashed jobs down by the lake. To call it a house would not have done it justice. It was a compound. She carefully unfolded her legs from the Toyota four wheel drive Jean Pierre had managed to borrow and stepped onto the freshly cut lawn. The Toyota looked out of place next to the Mercedes and the Rolls.
She loved the crisp, sweet scent of the freshly cut lawn and watched a white peacock in elegant feathers call a greeting as it strolled along the lake. Servants dressed in white smiled, bowed and opened the front doors. They stepped into a music-filled entrance with the host in attendance. She had a sudden overwhelming urge to curtsy but after polite introductions and a quiet whispered conversation in French, they were admitted.
 “How did you get invited to this?” she asked, as they made their way through a huge room filled with beautiful people.
Jean Pierre laughed, not insulted. An orchestra played on a raised platform and couples swayed to the music on a dance floor.
“I had to promise not to wear jeans and a T-shirt.”
The white tablecloths displayed a feast, still untouched, as people mingled. She reached for a shrimp, dipping it before taking a bite. It was delicious and she took another.
“I’m impressed, Jean Pierre.”
 He smiled, gave her a bow, and led her through the room. Swiping a couple of glasses of champagne from a tray, he handed her one and they toasted each other. A woman brushed past, trailing a whiff of expensive perfume. JC turned to scan the room. The women were long, thin, and wore the kind of expensive dresses one could only wear once. JC hadn’t even bothered to wear her hair up, a huge mistake in this kind of crowd, where rules of understated elegance prevailed. The long black dress she wore exposed her back. She fiddled with the spaghetti strap on her left shoulder.
Lifting her chin higher, she forced a smile and ignored her discomfort. Jean Pierre handed her another glass of champagne and she drained it, giving it back to him. 
“Where is he?” she asked, and imitating the cool looks of indifference around her, went in search of her target.
***
She was still in Goma. Simon noticed her the moment she arrived. She was hard to miss; her black dress was unique in this crowd, and he admired her confidence.
She seemed distracted, a woman on a mission, he thought, watching as her long strides carried her across the room. He watched her and wondered who she was looking for as conflicting emotions ran through him. She didn’t find what she was looking for and he lost sight of her as she moved through the room.
 He had been confident she would have left by now. Had even convinced himself it was for the best. Being wrong about her was something he was going to have to get used to. He couldn’t ignore the fact that her presence made life suddenly sharper. 
Straightening, he returned his attention to the conversation, which was the usual diatribe on how bad things had become. He half-listened to snatches of banter around him, preferring his old role of watchful silence. He had long ago learned that the less he argued with them, the faster he could be done with a conversation and move on. They weren’t here to hear anything new. They were here to confirm their suspicions that Africa was going to hell without their help. He stared into the martini glass, not knowing why he had bothered to come in the first place. The martini was too dry and the conversation too numbing. He excused himself and moved on.
He greeted people he had known almost all his life and floated from one conversation to another. It never changed, he thought, looking around. His mother had called them bubble people because they insulated themselves from Africa with their money. The description fit them perfectly. It had made him laugh when he was six and he imagined his mother getting dressed up to go and see people who lived in bubbles.
Mrs. Arlington stopped him with a hand on his sleeve, and he turned to greet her. She had a new husband again, he noticed, or was the man who clung to her a lover? It didn’t matter. She had enough money to support them all.
A little, doorless room off the main hall was made private by closed, white silk curtains. He slipped inside. People sat on black leather sofas talking, sipping drinks, and waiting their turn as the silver plate with white powder made its way around. It was inhaled and then passed on, the whole process handled with a practiced ease. He walked through the room, opening a door on the far side, and slipped out unnoticed.
***
 “I heard a wicked rumor you had left us.”
It was Peter, wearing a tux without a tie. A wine glass in his hand, he strolled toward her as she looked out over the gardens toward the volcano.
“A wicked rumor is right. Did you miss your plane to Burundi?”
“No such luck. I’ve been and left again on strict instructions from the government not to return for a while.”
“You’ve been a bad boy.”
“No, actually. My mother always told me to tell the truth, only around here it can make things damn difficult for an honest journalist. Carter, wasn’t it?”
“JC, please.”
“JC.”
“Why Burundi?”
“Same mess, really. Hutu and Tutsi having it out in a vicious ethnic conflict.”
“I didn’t think something like that could happen again.”
“Well, it is. Same dynamics as Rwanda, only the international community knows what will happen if they don’t interfere and still nobody seems to have learned a thing.”
“I heard something about a UN commission.”
“Ah, yes. They have taken up residence in the pool and bar of the best hotel in the capital city. For security reasons, they are not allowed out in the countryside where the killings occur. But all of that is worthless anyway since by the time it takes some senior UN official to come to a decision, like human rights monitors are needed to ‘examine’ the situation, there aren’t many humans left for them to monitor. The problem takes care of itself. I’m left to push the blame around, write a few reports, and discuss who will be left to apologize at the end of the day.”
“You sound angry.”
“Resigned would be a little more accurate. The anger burns out by itself, thank God. I hate to say one gets used to so much human misery, but one does and picking on the UN is like picking on the lame boy. Truth is, it’s a war. Innocent people die in wars, always have, and always will.”
“What I can’t figure out is why the Burundi government would ask you to leave on the grounds of what you just said.”
“That’s not what gets you deported. Writing about mass killings by government troops—that’s the stuff that gets you thrown out. African governments have always refused to take criticism well.”
JC smiled, took a sip of her champagne and turned back to look at the volcano.
“They didn’t find your sister?”
“No,” she said slowly.
“I’m sorry.”
She shrugged. “I’m not giving up.”
“What brilliant scheme do you have up your sleeve now?”
“I’m going after her.”
“I would be very careful if I were you. The last thing you want to do is get caught between two opposing African armies in the middle of an ethnic war.”
“How much time do you think is left?”
“Hard to say. Kabila’s Rebel Alliance Forces are ready to tear this country wide open. Mobutu’s government troops are a bunch of drunken thugs without leadership. A third army, well equipped, composed of trained killers, is sitting in the camps waiting for the chance to march back into Rwanda and finish the job. Only if the new government in Rwanda is smart, they won’t let them get that far and will attack first. And they are smart. So as we speak, in that jungle out there, Kabila’s forces have joined with Rwanda’s new government troops and any day now the Hutu militants will be slamming 120 mm mortar shells into the hills. The UN will do nothing to stop them and Kabila will open fire on the camps and exterminate the genocidal maniacs being fed by the world.”
 “That makes it four armies,” JC said. “Two on a mission, a group of drunken thugs and trained killers with nothing to lose.”
“And you want to walk your white, female ass into that jungle?”
“I have to.”
“I take it back. You aren’t nuts, honey; that’s just plain stupid.”
“She’s my sister.”
“Hey, if you come out alive, give me a call. It will make for one very interesting article,” he said and raised his glass. 
She smiled, raised her glass, her hands shaking slightly.
“To the heart of darkness.” 
***
 He didn’t know he had been looking for her until finding her outside stopped his restless wandering. She was standing on the terrace, overlooking the lake. The full moon touched the surface of the water, turning it into liquid metal, but it wasn’t the lake she watched, it was the volcano.
He walked up to her quietly, not wanting to disturb her. She was holding her hair piled up on top of her head and he could see the beads of sweat on the back of her neck. The dress left her back naked and he followed the path of her spine until it disappeared under the black folds.
Her muscles tightened as she became aware of him, but she didn’t turn around. 
“You didn’t say good bye,” she accused him. 
“You didn’t leave.”
 She turned around, dropping her hair, and he watched as it plunged over her shoulders.
”But you couldn’t have known that,” she said turning to him.
He smiled slowly.
She regarded him from under long black eyelashes, coated in mascara. 
“You clean up well,” she said, stepping closer and running a hand over his black tuxedo, then dropping it again.
Putting his hands deep in his pockets, he walked to the stone railing and stood looking out over the lake.
“When are you going?” he asked.
He knew.
“Two days.”
He nodded his head slightly, his lips drawn in a thin line. “Who’s your tracker?”
“Satigi Muhangi,” she said smoothly.
He turned to look at her. “He’s good. Just don’t take any alcohol.”
“Fantastic, something I can cross off that damn list.” 
She picked up a glass of champagne and sipped it, looking at the dark sky. 
“I haven’t seen so many stars in the sky for a long time.”
She sighed, her nails tapping the glass. The long manicured nails he remembered were gone. She had cut them short, removed the polish.
Laughter from inside spilled out onto the terrace and she turned toward it. A girl ran giggling past the open French doors. A man followed.
“Where do they all come from?” she asked, frowning.
“From Kenya or Europe. A few still live here, but they stay behind their walls. With the agencies in town, the party scene here picked up. It varies the dinner guests.”
“Strange people.”
“Not really. Afraid is more like it.”
“Of what?”
“Losing the little that’s left of their old Africa, I suppose. Little get-togethers like this help feed the illusion and they talk about how things are, how they should be. When things get really bad they retreat for a while to Europe.”
“If things are so bad, why do they stay?”
“Different reasons. Some are social misfits not accepted in Europe’s better circles. Some just like it out here because wide open spaces are addictive. But for most, living here takes the boredom out of having a privileged life, since danger makes the details of living clearer.”
“Which are you?”
“A little of all, I expect.” 
A slight breeze blew a strand of hair across her face. He reached over and brushed it back into place. 
“Did you find him?” he asked.
“Who?” 
“Whoever it was you were looking for.”
“You’ve been watching me.”
“Yes. Do you mind?”
“If I said I did, would you stop?”
“I don’t know. Should we give it a try?”
He smiled and taking her hand, pulled her back inside. 
“Where are we going?”
He didn’t answer, just kept moving through the crowd.
Reaching the dance floor, he turned to her and slipped his arms around her waist. He felt her muscles tighten.
“It’s called dancing, some people even enjoy it. Relax, I don’t bite.” 
He pulled her closer, sliding his hand across her back. Her skin was soft and cool, surprising him. He had expected it to be warm. Holding her hand tighter, he turned his face into her hair and thought about how expensive she smelled.
“Who were you looking for?” he asked softly.
“The District Manager,” she said pulling back to see his face. “Are you disappointed?”
“Very.”
She smiled, and then looked away, bringing her body closer again. 
“He is a hard man to pin down.”
“Did you?”
“Yes.”
“You were lucky. It usually involves visits to many different government officials.”
“It was the dress.”
“Your luggage arrived, then?”
“Day before yesterday.”
He felt her relax against him and he tightened his hold.
***
 “I shot him in the leg,” the banker said fiercely. “His friends got away or I would have shot them too.”
He lived in Nairobi, he said.
“Thieves and liars, all of them,” said the sweet old lady in her Belgian accent. She wore purple and every piece of jewelry she had collected in sixty years.
The other heads around the table nodded at her words. 
They had finished dinner and sat around the table sipping coffee from delicate white cups. JC had no idea where Jean Pierre was. She had lost sight of him hours ago. He had been talking to some Norwegian painter, a beautiful older woman.
“Things are getting worse,” the Italian beauty breathed, smoke drifting out from between her lips.
She hadn’t stopped smoking since JC had sat down at the table and introduced herself. Would it be terribly rude, she wondered, to point out the white powder smear under her perfectly upturned nose? 
“I am afraid to drive without my askari now,” she said, pausing long enough to take another drag. “Before, it was enough that he opened the gate when I arrived home.”
“It happened to my neighbor, you know,” said a voice from across the table. The woman’s face was hidden behind the vase of lilies. “He was murdered in his driveway and they took his car with his children still in it.”
Sounds like home, JC thought, feeling homesick. It was the same conversation she had a month ago at a luncheon in Pacific Palisades.
“Maybe it’s because we have so much, when they are only trying to feed their families?” JC put in. She always liked a good argument.
Heads swiveled in her direction and she sat up straighter.
“You must be visiting,” said the sweet old lady, patting her hand with her papery fingers and beaming at her in understanding.
The other heads smiled knowingly, deciding an attack by her was worthless. She was visiting. It explained her remark perfectly. JC frowned, not at all sure whether to be relieved or insulted that her opinion counted for so little.
“It is very hard at first to know how to behave around them,” came a kind explanation. It was Natasha, the peroxide blonde from London. ”I wanted to treat them equally, but they make it impossible. It’s just in their nature to take and give nothing back. I used to sit down with my maid and talk to her, ask her about her family, have lunch with her. I really wanted us to be friends not just . . . well you know. I loaned her a dress, she never gave it back, said she lost it. I would drive her places even if it meant going out of my way. She never said thank you. I had to fire her after she started taking things right in front of me. Helped herself to the food in the pantry. After a while I realized I wasn’t treating her normally, because had she been white, I would have fired her long ago.”
Everybody laughed, enjoying a good joke.
“I was overdoing it,” Natasha explained. “I was too kind. I was always afraid of hurting her feelings, so I did nothing when she took advantage of me. I attributed any bad behavior on her part to the injustice of the situation she lived in. The poverty, the corruption, and all the other endless bullshit excuses they have for failure. The bottom line is that they only have themselves to blame. Most of them have no motivation to work and no initiative to do anything to better their lives.”
“Well, it is true that if they had been given better education and skills by the former colonies, they might not be in the mess they are in now,” JC said.
“It’s a fact,” the banker said. “But why is everything always our fault? Colonialism was bad, yes, but what is their excuse now? Post-colonialism?”
The comment was met with silence and blank stares.
“The truth is they miss it,” he continued. “Before the end of European rule they had a common enemy, the white man. Now they have to fight each other for power and look at them, slaughtering their own by the millions. I tell you, had something like this been done by the whites in South Africa, they would have been crucified by the rest of the world. As long as it’s black killing black, nobody gives a damn, but you can count on it being the white man’s fault at the end of the day, because he didn’t stop it. When they starve, it’s our fault because we didn’t feed them. If they die of AIDS, it’s our fault because we didn’t find a cure. The only thing that hasn’t changed is that they are still bloody blaming the whites for their failures.”
A bulky man smoking a cigar cleared his throat with a grunt.
“It’s all true. In 1975, Kenya was self-sufficient in wheat,” he said, stabbing the thick unmoving air with it to make his point. “Only five years later, it had to import half of its grain to feed its people. Why? Because thousands of acres of good farm land were redistributed to them for subsistence plots. Where do they get the money for buying all the imported food?” he asked, pausing. He picked up his wine glass and took a sip. “Foreign aid, that’s where,” he finished triumphantly. “A bloody waste.”
“Now, Allister, you know it’s not that simple,” a voice said from behind the lily centerpiece. JC could only see her hand where it lay on the table playing with a wine glass. “Colonialists took the best lands to farm cash crops, which are exported. They left the marginal lands to locals who struggled to survive on subsistence farming.”
Allister puffed himself up like a bullfrog filled with indignation. “It’s those cash crops keeping this place afloat,” he bellowed. “It’s what pays those lazy bastards their wages.”
“Not true,” the lily lady shot back. “The price of many crops exported from Africa has dropped since the end of the Second World War, Allister,” she said, emphasizing his name as if she were speaking to a child. “We all know the price of imported goods has increased. The bastards, as you like to call them, are paid low wages. I wouldn’t work the hours they do for their pay, would you?”
“If it was the only way to feed my family, I would be bloody grateful for any small wage.”
“Exactly,” she said. “But they have no choice. How much effort would you put into it? As much as they do perhaps?”
Allister was silent. 
 “It’s all irrelevant anyway,” Natasha smiled. “In twenty years, most of them will have died of AIDS and we can have our peace again.”
A tremor vibrated through the room, the chandeliers swinging gently. The music faltered. The noise died to a hush as people turned to each other in bewilderment and then it stopped as suddenly as it had started.
“What was that?” snapped the Italian beauty.
“That was a tremor,” JC said. 
“Oh, dear me. Of all the things, now this,” said the purple lady.
The music picked up again and the level of conversation increased. Nobody seemed too bothered by the interruption.
Standing up, JC excused herself and was halfway across the room when she felt a hand on her arm. It was the lily-head lady. She was pretty, her brown hair short, her face open and friendly. 
“Don’t worry about the tremors,” she said. ”A while ago we had them almost every day, but nothing really happened. A lot of fuss about nothing really, just like us Africans.” She stuck out her hand. “I’m Allison Sanders by the way.”
“Josephine Carter,” JC said, smiling and shaking her hand. 
“We like to justify our own bad behavior by saying the blacks deserve it. Besides, stereotypes save us the hard work of having to come up with something new.” 
They walked together, making their way outside.
“They can’t be that unhappy, they are still here,” JC said.
“The truth is you can’t have this good life anywhere else in the world, not at the same low cost. We couldn’t function anywhere else anyway. It’s too regulated after the freedoms here.” Pausing, she looked at JC. “If you stay too long, it’s over, it will have you forever,” she finished shaking her head, her voice ominous. 
“Oh, that. Mal d’afrique you mean,” she said nodding and continued in a sinister low voice. “The dreaded sickness of the soul that Africa seems to manifest in those who dare to walk its dusty paths,” she finished dramatically.
“Yes,” Allison laughed. “You know it then.”
“It’s been mentioned.”
They stopped next to a fountain in the garden. She sat down on its low wall and ran her hand through the water. Goldfish glided through the cool darkness under her fingers and she envied them their environment. Lifting her hair, she scooped up water and splashed it on the back of her neck. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the feel of the water racing down her back. 
It was hot. She wouldn’t sleep again tonight, she knew, had even given up on the idea that she would get used to the heat. The volcano glowed in the distance and she narrowed her eyes at it.
“It takes a serious masochist to love this place.”
Allison looked surprised, but said nothing. Whatever was on her mind she wasn’t going to share, JC thought, and wondered what she owed the introduction to.
“I saw you with Simon,” Alison said. “Have you known him long?” 
JC turned her head away and smiled. 
“He flew me to Goma about three weeks ago, so no, I haven’t known him long.” 
Allison nodded and smiled, turning away, pretending an interest in the view. “You are an aid worker then?”
“No, my sister is.”
Simon appeared suddenly and kissed Allison on the cheek, putting a casual arm around her shoulders.
“Hello, Allison.”
She seemed to straighten a few inches and gave him a warm smile. They looked very comfortable together. His lips seemed unable to rid themselves of a goofy smile and his eyes were narrowed as if he was concentrating very hard on keeping the world right side up.
“You’re drunk,” Allison said, astonished.
“Aah . . . yes, so I am.”
He sat down next to JC, stretched his legs out, and put his hands in his pockets.
“It’s a good night for it,” he said, looking up at the stars. 
Allison glanced from Simon to JC.
“Is it a habit?” JC asked.
He looked at her, frowning.
“Is what a habit?”
“Getting drunk.”
“No, but I would recommend it.”
Grinning like an idiot, he stared at her and the ground under their feet shook as another tremor ripped through the ground. This one was stronger and her eyes flew to the mountain. The water in the fountain sloshed out, drenching her lower skirt as she jumped up. It was a powerful tremor. People streamed out onto the lawn, faces turned up to the mountain as an orange glow lit the sky. The lava lake was growing.
“It’s the volcano,” Allison breathed, her voice laced with excitement.
“What volcano?” Simon croaked, staggering to his feet.
Between the two of them, they had basically summed up people’s attitude to the fire-breathing mountain. Idiots, the whole bunch of them, JC thought. The tremor was followed by seconds of complete silence before excitement and panic broke out. Some people rushed for their cars, the party over for them. Others seemed to think it was only the beginning and more champagne was poured. The orchestra moved on out onto the lawn and the dancing started again.
Watching Allison leave, JC frowned at her abrupt departure. She turned to look at Simon. He was still staring into thin air, but his smile had slipped. He stood, walked carefully over to some rosebushes, stuck his nose into the pink petals, and inhaled deeply. She shook her head and turned to look at the fountain. Water was running through a crack in its wall. The goldfish will die, she thought.
“Life is life and fun is fun,” she whispered. “But all is quiet when the goldfish die.”
“What?” he asked.
“Nothing,” she said. “Just something Angelina always says.”
He turned away, looking up at the mountain. 
“Are you driving home?” she asked.
“I’m not walking.”
She looked at him, considering her options. She did want to get out of here, and he had a car and Jean Pierre was lost.
“Give me the keys,” she said, holding out her hand for them.
***
The lodge was in darkness when they pulled up. Simon unlocked the door and threw the keys toward a table. He missed but didn’t bother to pick them up and sprawled out on the sofa. In the light from the moon, she found a lamp and switched it on.
“The dark was better,” he said, closing his eyes and throwing an arm over his face.
She switched the light off again, and walked to the windows to see the full moon floating on its back in the dark swimming pool. 
“I’ll bring your car back tomorrow.”
There was no response. 
“Simon?”
She turned away from the window and leaned over him. He was asleep. She shrugged, removed his shoes, and lifted his feet to the sofa. He wouldn’t need a blanket. 
The glass doors opened smoothly. She left her shoes inside and walked down to the pool. Sliding the straps off her shoulders, she let the dress slide to the ground, where it formed a black puddle around her feet. The water was still and black, the moon reflecting off its shiny surface in a perfect white circle. She looked up at the dark sky and moved to the edge of the pool. Taking a deep breath, she dove in, plunging through the universe.
The cold water shocked her, and kicking off the bottom, she broke free of the darkness and gasped. She lay on her back and watched the stars, listening to her own breathing. The water moved gently around her body as the stillness surrounded her and she floated, looking down on the universe.
TWELVE
She lifted her backpack from the pile and thrust one arm through a strap.
“You must not do that,” Satigi said, grabbing the pack and putting it back on the ground.
Confused, JC stared at him. They were leaving. All the loads were packed and gathered in a pile on the dusty road. What was the problem? She looked toward the cook and bearers as they watched silently.
“Why?” she asked, putting her hands on her hips.
“It is his job,” Satigi said, pointing at a bearer.
“I carry my own pack,” she said firmly and picked it up again.
“This is Africa. You are person of importance. You do not carry your own pack.”
“Where I come from I do.” 
He looked at her for a while then turned to the bearers and spoke to them. They looked young and fit, muscled arms showing through their tattered clothes, some held in place with string threaded through buttonholes.
She turned away, adjusting her pack on her shoulders and looked up at the forest-covered mountains. Her stomach felt like bats were swarming inside, clawing at her guts in their effort to escape. She had hated the waiting, but at least the waiting hadn’t made her feel like she was about to step off a ledge without a parachute. She forced herself to breathe slowly, trying to bring her erratic heartbeat back in line. 
The brown fatigue pants she wore were a little tight and uncomfortable but they would have to do. She couldn’t believe she had actually found a pair, but Satigi had insisted. She turned to look at him. He was shouting something at one of the bearers and the man kept shaking his head, pleading.
What now?
Turning his back to the man, Satigi spoke to the others who picked up their loads. The man turned his wild eyes on her and she took an involuntary step backwards as he approached her.
“Please,” he said, clapping his hands together and holding them out to her. “I am strong and I can walk long way and never stop. I eat very little, I never complain. Please give me this job. My children are hungry. My wife, she is very sick. Let me carry for you. I am strong.”
Satigi turned on him, pushing him away, and yelling at him. He stumbled, then righted himself, keeping his eyes on the ground and turned away. 
“Wait,” she called after him.
He spun on his heel and ran over.
She took her pack off and dropped it at his feet. He took it, quickly putting it on his back before she changed her mind.
“Thank you,” he said, his face lit up. “I never get sick. You will see. I never get tired. I am very strong.”
She nodded, smiled, and then turned away, disgusted with herself. She had forgotten the basics again. He needed the money more than she needed the Best White Girl award.
“What’s your name?” she asked, when he followed her, sticking close. 
“Mokala Bakolo,” he answered, smiling and clapping his hands. 
“Mokala.”
He nodded, pleased.
Anything else she was going to say was cut short by a car hurtling down the road in their direction. A few feet away it came to a sudden stop, sending a huge dust cloud over them. Coughing, she closed her eyes, heard a car door open, and as the dust settled she saw Joseph throwing a pack out of the open door. Simon’s head popped out from behind the car.
“Joseph.”
Mumbling under his breath, Joseph got out of the car and slammed the door shut. Walking toward Simon, he shook his head, talking to the sky.
Simon smiled at her, nodding a greeting at Satigi.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“With you,” he said, dumping his pack at her feet.
***
They walked across an open field, the yellow grass waist-high. Ahead of them lay the forest, the dark green tree line coming closer a lot faster than she wanted it to. She looked back at Joseph. He still wore his pink sunglasses, but they were slanted now, not fully recovered from his run-in with her. At least his hat was still in good shape.
“How did you get him to go?” 
“I didn’t. He insisted. Something about having to protect me from your evil spirits.”
Mokala walked close behind her, his huge smile still stuck to his face.
“What’s with him?” Simon asked.
She shrugged and looked ahead to a patch of dirt where the rains had dug deep, washing away the topsoil. They reached a path that led through the low secondary growth of small softwood trees and shrubs. Satigi walked ahead of the line, a machete in his right hand, a spear in his left. She followed behind him, watching his pack sway with every step. He wore fatigues like hers, the brown material tight across his shoulders. He chopped at low branches and creepers that threaded across the path, choking off the route. The spider webs he cleared with the spear.
She stepped carefully over a fallen tree, its trunk rotting and covered in ants. Her foot caught on a root and she fell, the ground coming toward her fast and hard. She knew it would hurt and started cursing before she hit the ground. She lay stunned for a second, then Simon helped her as she pushed herself to her knees. 
“You okay?”
 “Fine,” she muttered, brushing the dirt off her clothes.
He was trying hard not to laugh, she noticed. The others didn’t bother keeping it in. They laughed hard enough to scare the birds from the trees. Joseph started to mumble. Her evil spirits were up to no good already, she thought. Pulling the mud from her hair, she wiped her hands on her shirt, and then turned up the path. Satigi waited, leaning against a tree. She scowled at him and he turned up the path again.
The trees grew bigger with every step. The shrubs disappeared and were replaced with giant ferns and rope-like plants Simon called lianas. It was less dense under the huge trees, easier to walk. The huge trunks stretched fifty feet into the air, where they opened their limbs to the sky, drinking the sunlight into their leaves. Gaps in the canopy left patches of sun on the ground where herbs grew, elbowing out the competition. White lichens and gray moss covered the trees, drinking the green light that filtered through the leaves. It was hot, dark and damp, the air thick and still. The smell of rotting leaves dominated.
Satigi changed his strides from long and loose to smaller, faster steps. She tried to imitate him but kept stumbling, the surface roots tripping her. The swish of wings overhead was followed by a braying sound, and it reminded her that despite the tomblike silence the forest was alive. The bearers yelled to each other as if they all had suddenly developed a hearing problem.
She turned back to Simon. “What are they doing?” 
“They are keeping animals and bad spirits away.”
“Spirits!”
“Not sure which is worse, a surprised animal or a surprised spirit. Personally I’d put my money on the spirits. Nasty characters.”
“Spirits!”
“Mean as hell.”
He had lost it already, she decided. 
“Yaakiki!” Something screamed from the trees on her left and she jumped sideways. ”Kayi Kayi! Yaakiki! Coco!”
She glimpsed a brown bird through the leaves and faced forward again, taking deep breaths to bring her racing heart back down. After an hour of walking, she fell into a trance of watching the path. The ground was covered in a carpet of leaves, the mud under them making them slippery. She kept moving, the back of Satigi’s feet mesmerizing her as she watched his manic steps. She reached for her water bottle, not taking her eyes off the path and brought it to her lips as a striped rat ran across her path. She jumped back screaming, throwing her water bottle at it.
Simon jumped forward, his machete raised, his body between her and the bushes she pointed at.
“Where?” 
“There in the bush,” she screamed. “A rat. Oh, my God it’s huge. Be careful, Simon.”
Simon straightened and turned to where she stood cowering behind a tree. “A rat!” he snorted in disgust. “Are you serious?”
“What? It was huge. Maybe it wasn’t a rat.”
He frowned at her in disgust as the bearers stood in a line, patiently waiting for the drama to be over. Joseph shook his head sadly.
“What? I have a thing about rats, okay!”
“If it’s bigger than you, has sharp pointed teeth, and is close enough for you to smell its breath, then you can scream. Otherwise, put it down as a minor irritation, okay!” 
He turned away, disgusted, joining Satigi further up the path.
“It is a bad sign, a striped rat is not good,” Joseph said, trying to be helpful. “We must go back.”
Nobody paid him any attention.
“This is true,” Joseph said defensively.
Ignoring him, she side-stepped past the bush, picked up her water bottle and walked on. Hours passed without a rest until she tripped and fell for the seventh time. She couldn’t find the energy to get up, so she lay on her back in complete exhaustion and stared up at the trees. A butterfly flapped lazily into her line of vision, its wings catching patches of light and turning them into crimson red flags before it disappeared in the canopy.
Satigi’s frowning face filled her view.
“Are you hurt?” Satigi asked, trying to assess the problem.
“Yes,” she snapped.
“A leg is broken? “ 
“Nothing is broken. My legs are killing me and I can’t breathe.”
He clicked his tongue in annoyance and disappeared.
“Do you need help?” Simon asked, looking down at her.
“I am not getting up.”
Shrugging, he walked away.
She sighed, then pulling herself up, found Mokala sitting on a surface root next to her still smiling. She wiped the dirt off her clothes and collapsed on the root next to him, pulling her water bottle out. It was almost empty.
“You must not drink so much,” Mokala stated, watching her. “Then you will not sweat so much.”
Sounded logical enough, she thought, pulling her soaked shirt off her body. Nobody else seemed to be suffering the same problem, she noticed. The bearers sat talking and smoking while Satigi stood leaning against a tree looking up at the branches above him. Joseph and Simon sat on the ground against a tree, a rifle on the ground between them. 
She put her head on her arms, resting, only to feel tiny pin pricks on the back of her neck. She turned her head to look at her shoulder. Ants were falling off a branch onto her back. She jumped up, slapping at her back, frantically dancing around, then tripped and lay sprawled in the dirt again. She should have stayed down the first time, she thought, and winced as the laughter exploded around her. Sitting up slowly, she tried to scowl, but even her face muscles were tired, so she gave up the effort. Satigi took her new burst of energy as a sign to move on and called an end to the rest.
“How much further to the village?” JC asked Satigi as she followed him.
“Four hours.” 
They were heading for Kikwe, the village Angelina and Karen had visited looking for refugees. They would follow the path the search party had taken, hoping to pick up a trail after that.
The branches above her head moved and alarm calls sounded as monkeys scrambled away. Looking up, she saw only the branches moving, the monkeys gone. They waded through a stream, its brown water doing nothing to cool her off. Her boots squished water with every step, rubbing uncomfortably against her skin. At least the old blisters had healed. 
The ground tilted upward and Satigi stopped every ten minutes, waiting for her breathing to lose its desperate edge before moving on. The bearers, with their forty-pound packs, had no trouble keeping up.
She concentrated on breathing, the forest becoming a green tunnel as the path zigzagged up the mountain. Hours later, a blinding light snapped her out of her daze and she looked up to see a village. A path led between mud huts and wrapped itself around a massive mango tree in the middle of the clearing. A woman brushed the hard ground in front of her hut with a grass broom. She was naked from the waist up and wore a long, brightly-colored wraparound skirt. Men wearing ragged T-shirts and shorts sat on buckets and stones, talking under a tree. A boy with a stick ran into a herd of goats, scattering them in all directions.
Satigi headed down the path toward the tree and the group of men. A woman, carrying a baby on her hip, waved to him as he passed. He called out greetings as two men stood to meet him. He exchanged words with them and the village appeared to inspect the strangers, the news of visitors spreading fast. Soon a small crowd had gathered around them, shy, but curious. Children crept from the trees. The toddlers were naked but the older the children became the more clothes they seemed to wear. They all stood silently looking at the newcomers, their hands held behind them or folded across their chests. 
JC found herself the focus of the most stares. Avoiding their intense scrutiny, she looked toward a building with a cement floor and corrugated tin roof that was set apart from the others. It looked out of place next to the small mud huts with thatched roofs.
“It’s the school hut,” Simon said, noticing the direction of her gaze. “The government’s attempt to educate the masses.”
Satigi returned and instructed the bearers to set up camp.
“We will stay tonight. The chief will come and talk to us. But first, we must have water and pitch the tents. Then you will give out the presents,” he finished, his gaze settling on JC.
“Presents?”
“For the chief and his people.”
“What presents?” she repeated feeling like she had come to the party without a gift.
Satigi grabbed one of the packs from a bearer and untying it, spilled the contents at her feet. She stared at the pile of pocketknives, machetes, mosquito nets, cigarettes, batteries, cooking pots and beads. 
“Right. Presents,” she breathed, relieved she hadn’t forgotten a crystal vase and wine glasses after all. It was a long walk back to the store.
The packs were put down in a clearing next to the school hut and unpacked. She watched the activity from where she collapsed under a tree. Satigi approached and handed her a bag and she stared at it blankly.
“Tent,” he explained then walked away.
Sighing, she pulled herself up, wincing at the pain of abused muscles and opened the bag. She unrolled the canvas, looking in the bag for instructions. There weren’t any. Frowning, she picked up the pegs and poles, stared at the canvas, and then looked over to where Simon was hammering his poles into place. It looked easy enough so she set to work, only to sit back an hour later looking at the mess she had made. Tilting her head, she tried looking at it from a different angle, but it wasn’t an improvement. She had failed. Why didn’t it come with instructions? She was great with instructions. 
A man in ragged clothes, his feet covered in pink scars, approached her. In French, he demanded food, saying he was hungry.
“Mondela. Give me,” he demanded.
 He reached for her pack when she did not move. She stood, taking it away from him and scowled, trying to look fierce. Joseph took the man by the arm and led him away, talking to him. She watched Joseph hand over a can of food. The man demanded more. Satigi joined the argument and the man left, outnumbered. Maybe it was a custom to give food in exchange for being allowed to stay in the village. She looked toward the village and hoped not. A crowd stood watching the camp, becoming braver with every hour as some approached bags to inspect the contents. Satigi warned them off and they retreated. 
Joseph leaned over a neatly stacked pile of firewood and puffed life into the fire that crept slowly from between the twigs. The children who had kept their distance before had now become braver and were hunched down on their legs watching the camp take shape. A boy separated himself from the others and walked closer until he stood behind her, just out of reach. JC turned and smiled at him. He didn’t respond, just stared hard. She stared back even though she knew she was way out of her league. He wore baggy shorts and a tight shirt much too small. It rode high over a bulging stomach that looked like a great brown balloon as his belly button stared her in the face. His skinny limbs looked fragile, his wrist no bigger than two of her fingers. He ignored the flies crawling over him, not bothering to swat the ones drinking the moisture from his eyes. She stopped herself from reaching out to shoo them away. 
Mokala came and stood in front of her tent, watching it for a while as if assessing the problem, and then set to work, starting from scratch. She snorted in disgust, swatting a mosquito from her face. They were becoming fierce in their attacks. She watched as one descended on her arm. She squashed it before it pierced her skin, smearing someone else’s blood on her arm.
“Simon, do you think you can get AIDS from a mosquito bite?” she asked.
He looked up from where he knelt beside his pack. 
“No,” he said, “but I’ve been wrong about things before.”
She frowned, remembering how many people died from the disease in Africa.
She yanked open her pack, took out a long-sleeved shirt, and put it on. She was covered in dust and sweat. She sniffed under her arm and winced, thinking it impossible she could smell so bad.
“I stink. I suppose a shower is out of the question,” she said, looking around.
Satigi sent her one of his annoyed looks.
She undid her shoe laces and peeled off her shoes, flinching. Her socks were stained red. The new blisters looked worse than the old. Sighing, she pulled a bag from her pack and opened it, looking for the disinfectant and bandages. 
Getting up, she turned and almost walked into the little boy. She stepped around him, but he followed her around the campfire, his eyes on her, and a frown on his forehead.
“Shoo.”
He stared at her harder, his little eyes narrowing, his frown deepening.
“Hey, beat it kid,” she growled, but he didn’t move. “What’s his problem?” she asked Satigi, frowning back at the little boy.
“He has not seen many white women. Do not worry, he will be bored soon.” 
She smiled, not missing the insult. 
Two men approached the camp. One was old, probably the village chief. He was dressed in a black suit that looked like it had once been worn by a much bigger man. He wore no shirt under the suit, his ribs protruding through a sunken belly. The other man wore a pink plastic bowl on his head. Satigi and Simon moved forward to meet them. The chief was ready to take them to the where the body was found.
She followed them as the old man limped to the far end of the village, past the mango tree. A path led through the trees to a clearing where some abandoned, burnt out shelters lay in a circle. Vines grew over the blackened shells and the trees crowded in, the forest starting to claim back its place in the sun. The old man stopped in front of a patch of burnt grass, pointing to the right, to where the dirt had been dug up.
“I told them,” the old man said looking at the ground. “I say they must go. But they do not go. Then the soldiers come back and we cannot help. They bring them here,” he said, gesturing at the clearing. “In the village, we hear screaming, shouting. Then gunfire. Bam, bam, bam,” he said imitating a gun with his hands. “Then the soldiers leave again. When we come to see, we find the body here.” He pointed at the ground.
“What about the other one?” Simon asked.
The old man ignored the questions, turning to look at JC. He looked at her for a long time, studying her. 
“Your face is like the other one, but you are not the same,” he finally said.
“Four soldiers,” the other man said. “They come to the village one day before. The refugees that stayed here ran into the forest because these soldiers tell them the Tutsi soldiers are coming to kill them. We did not see them. The Tutsi soldiers did not come to the village, only the Hutu militia. They leave quickly.”
“What about the other white woman?” Satigi asked.
“We looked for her when soldiers went. Tracks go in the forest, but it is a bad place.”
The old man walked towards the trees on the left and pointed at the ground.
“Tracks here. We follow for one day but the forest is a bad place,” he said, shaking his head.
THIRTEEN
The dark beat them back to the camp, the sun leaving quickly. There was no evening, just a sudden darkness. In the firelight, JC watched a couple of bats the size of pigeons fly drunkenly between the tents. Broad, rounded wings buzzed her and she flinched, forcing herself to stay put though every inch of her wanted to jump up and run away. She should have brought a tennis racket, she thought, and wondered why it hadn’t been on the list. 
Mosquitoes created a singing buzz and she pulled her hat down and her jacket collar up, trying to protect her neck. The mosquito repellent on her face kept most of them away. She only had three bites on her face so far. She should have bought that safari hat with the mosquito net even if it was the dumbest looking thing in the world. She wrapped the blanket closer around herself and hunched down, trying to make herself less of a target. 
She hated bats. She hated all the crawly, flappy things. She searched the sky and watched a bat flap its way slowly toward her. Biting her lower lip, she forced herself not to move. It would swerve away in the last second, she told herself. They always did. But it didn’t. It pelted right into her hair as she ducked. She jumped up screaming, shaking her head, and darting around trying to dislodge it. The end of her blanket caught fire as she screamed louder. Panicked, she clung to the blanket not letting go, not knowing a fireball had exploded behind her. Somebody grabbed her and yanked the blanket away.
“Hold still, damn it, I have to untangle the poor bugger,” Simon yelled, his grip tightening on her.
It squealed as he grabbed it.
“I hate bats.”
“He doesn’t seem too fond of you either.”
Then she heard the laughter. The bearers sat around laughing and Joseph was rolling on the ground, slapping his side. She sighed as Simon finally worked the bat free.
“Want it?” he asked holding it out to her. She shivered, moving away.
“Kill it.” 
“Now, why would I do that?” he asked and let it go.
She lunged away as it flew by. He picked up what was left of her blanket and handed it to her.
“Careful of the fire,” he said casually and then walked away.
Straightening her shoulders, she sat down by the fire again. Joseph walked up to her and sat down on a log next to her, giving her his blanket. 
“Thank you,” she said looking at him in astonishment. 
“Bad spirits,” he said and shrugged as if his suspicions had been confirmed. “You must be brave.”
She sat in silence, staring at the flames, as Joseph leaned forward, adding wood to the fire. A tiny bundle hanging around his neck swung in the fire light. Joseph grasped it in his hand and tucked it back into his shirt.
“It’s a fetish, isn’t it?”
The sparks from the fire rose up to meet the darkness.
“Is it true it contains a human finger?” she asked, her curiosity getting the better of her. 
“What is inside it is not important. Only that it works.”
“Does it work?”
“I am not dead yet.”
“It’s early, give it time.” 
He scowled.
“Joseph, tell me, please.”
“No, you will judge me and I will lose in your eyes.”
She could see he was thinking about it and after a silence he said, “It has the finger of a child. It is the spirit of this child that will protect me.”
 She stared at the small fur bag, hoping the child had died of natural causes. She couldn’t ask.
“Once I believed in your God, but he does no good in my world. When my son died, I asked your God why, if he loved me, he would do this thing? I went to church every Sunday. I am a good man. I do not kill. I love my children, but still my son died. Your God would not do this. He loves everybody the same, the Bible says, and it makes me think He could not have killed my son. Not this God who forgives. Not this God who sent His own son to save us. But my gods, they would do this thing. They would kill my child because they love only themselves. So I must protect against them because it is the man whose child has been eaten by a witch who best knows the evil of witchcraft.” 
After a moment she said, “I’m sorry about your son, Joseph.”
He shrugged. “You think your God is sorry?”
“My God is cruel.”
“Yes.”
She looked across the camp and turned her attention to Simon who sat talking to Satigi. “What language are they speaking?” 
“Lingala,” Joseph said, throwing a twig in the fire. “They are talking about tomorrow and the direction we will take. Mr. Frazer thinks we should have a pygmy to track for us in the forest.”
“I thought Satigi was a tracker.”
“He is, but Mr. Frazer thinks a pygmy would be better. Satigi is good for dealing with villagers. He is a big man here so they listen to him, but the forest is different. For the forest, we need a pygmy.”
A woman from the village walked out of the dark and across the camp. She knelt down next to the cooking pot and scooped some left over rice and meat into a rusty can.
 “I can’t afford to feed the whole village,” JC said as she watched the woman disappear back into the dark.
“In America, you have a TV?” 
“Yes, I have three.” 
She regretted it the second she said it. 
“Three TVs,” he said in mock astonishment, his eyebrows raised in surprise.
He let out a whistle and shook his head. She folded her arms over her head, wishing they were a pillow she could just hide under. She had walked straight into this conscience-bending mind trap.
“I know where you’re going with this and it won’t work,” she said slowly. ”I worked hard for those TVs and you can’t make me feel guilty for owning them. Feeding Africa isn’t my problem. Don’t even try to make me feel guilty. I am not responsible for this poverty.
“I could probably afford to keep this whole village in food for the rest of their miserable lives, but I won’t, because then I would have to give up my way of life. I happen to like my way of life. There is nothing wrong with the way I live. I’m just trying to find my sister. I’m not here to make up for injustices I had nothing to do with.” 
Joseph sat staring at her, probably convinced the forest had gotten to her. The logs in the fire collapsed on themselves, sending a shower of sparks into the sky. 
“He who is free of faults will never die,” Joseph said, then got up and flip-flopped off to his tent.
***
Simon sat down next to her, holding out a cup of coffee.
“Thank you,” she smiled weakly, feeling depressed.
She took a careful sip, watching the steam rise and float away. 
“I’m just like them, Simon.”
“Who?”
“Those pompous schmucks at the party the other night.”
“No, you’re not. You’re worse. At least those pompous schmucks don’t go around claiming to understand the black situation one minute, and then attack one of them with self-righteous, ‘it’s not my problem’ speeches.”
“Oh God,” she groaned. 
“Happens to the best, I hear.” He shrugged and placed another log on the fire.
“What did you speak to Satigi about?”
“We need to hire a pygmy to take us through the forest. There is a village to the west where some pygmies live.”
“Simon, why did you change your mind?” she asked.
He took a while to answer so she turned to look at him and found him studying her.
“I thought that maybe after two days you’d be ready to go home.”
“I’m ready now.”
He smiled.
“Seriously. Why?” she insisted.
“I was hoping my refusal to take you would stop you from going.”
“I don’t give up that easily.”
“I noticed.”
He stood up and walked over to his pack, taking something from a side pocket. It was the gun she had taken from his office a few days ago. He held it out to her and she stared at it, not moving.
“Take it. It’s naive to think you won’t need it.”
She reached out and wrapped her hand around the coldness of it.
“I was already afraid before we left. This isn’t necessary.”
“Good. As long as you are ready to face what we are about to walk into.”
She crept into her sleeping bag and after an hour realized her tent was on a slope. There was just something about being human that made sleeping with her feet higher than her head impossible. The roots didn’t help; the stones hurt. She managed to move the stones, but the roots stayed. She lay in the dark, her mind working overtime. The forest was alive with noise, layers of spiraling sounds as if the trees snored in rattling rhythm. After midnight, a storm blew in and drowned out the forest noise. The slope saved them from being flooded out.
In the early morning light, she looked at the bites on her arm. Little red swellings and big blue swellings covered her body. The red ones itched, the blue ones hurt. Getting up, she treated her blisters and swallowed her malaria tablets before rummaging in her pack for socks. Why hadn’t anybody told her not to pack socks in the bottom of her pack? Frustrated, she dumped the whole thing on the tent floor. She repacked, then couldn’t find her brush. She had put it on the sleeping bag a minute ago. After a while, she gave up the search and tied her hair in a lumpy ponytail. 
She unzipped the tent and crawled out on her hands, stopping suddenly when her way was blocked by little brown stick legs in tattered shorts and no shoes. She looked up to find a pair of intense brown eyes staring at her from above a great brown balloon. The zombie midget was back. She moved him aside with her hand and stood up. 
The other tents were already put away and everyone had eaten. They were waiting for her. The cook handed her a plate of cold leftover food from the night before while Mokala swept by with a friendly good morning and started taking down her tent. Satigi gave her his usual annoyed look.
Looking at the plate with lumpy rice, she walked over to the cooking pack and pulled out an empty plastic bag. She put her breakfast in it and held it out to the little boy. His eyes suddenly snapped from her to the bag and he snatched it, and then raced away, the other children catching up with him.
“You’re welcome,” she called after them.
She turned to find Simon watching her. He looked rested, his shirt clean and crisp, almost freshly ironed. He had shaved and his hair was combed neatly into place. The last few gentlemen of England would have been proud of him, she thought.
“Good morning, Simon.” 
Simon shouted something at Satigi who answered equally loudly, and the bearers got up from where they had been sitting and picked up the packs. Not even coffee, she thought dismally.
The forest dripped with the previous night’s rain and it was still cool under the trees, the soil becoming wetter as the day moved on. There were more streams, more puddles as they walked for miles without seeing a thing, no birds, no monkeys. The shouting was giving her a headache and she thought about yelling at the bearers to be quiet, but decided against it. A surprised buffalo might slow them down if somebody got hurt, and neither the Gods nor the odds were on her side.
Her legs were stiff, her feet raw, and to distract herself, she studied the lianas as they hung from the trees. Thick and long, some wrapping around a tree trunk, others taking a more direct approach as they climbed up the side of a tree and worked their way up in the world to canopy heaven.
A movement in the branches caught her attention and she followed it. A colobus monkey walked along a branch, watching them from above. His long black tail curved like a question mark behind him, asking where they were going. His white face darted from behind leaves and disappeared again. He must be very curious not to be scared off by the voices, she thought. The rest of his group retreated to the west, their loud calling sounding like the croaks of giant frogs. She stumbled and looked back at the path, passing what looked like badger holes, only bigger.
“Aardvark burrows,” Simon told her when she paused. “If the aardvark wanders far from his home during the day he makes himself these holes for one night. He can’t be caught in the open after dark or he will be eaten by a leopard.”
She nodded, then walked on.
Half an hour later, she turned back to him. “Simon, what’s an aardvark?”
“Wild bush pig.”
“Oh,” she said, relieved, and chased a bee from her face.
The bearers grew quieter with every mile and when another one walked past her, she looked up from the path. She was falling further behind. She had started out behind Satigi and now all the bearers except Mokala were in front of her. Even Simon had deserted her. The bearer in front of her disappeared around a bend in the path. The path they walked on was clear, made by big animals, Satigi had told her, elephant, and buffalo. She didn’t know elephants lived in the forest. Sometimes a smaller path would cross theirs. Antelope, she knew.
Mokala hummed to himself, giving her a branch, and showed her how to use it to keep the flies and the tiny bees away. They were starting to get to her. She needed to stop thinking about the hundreds of tiny black bodies crawling over her skin. She needed something to stop herself from scratching her eyes out when the flies settled for a drink. She needed distraction.
“Do you like your president?” she asked Mokala over her shoulder. 
“He is a very big man.” 
“Do you like what he has done to your country?”
“What has he done?” 
“Why do you like him?” she asked, trying for an easier approach.
“He is very rich. In my home town in the west, he has built a very big palace. It is white and there is a big fence around it. Someday I will be a big man like him.”
“Why is he rich?”
“Because he is a big man. We are lucky to have such a great man as our president.”
He didn’t know, she realized. He thought Mobuto was president because he was rich. Only, he was rich because he was president, taking money from his people, skimming a percentage off every dollar that moved in and out of the country. He was worth billions. While his country fell apart, he built palaces that he never used because he preferred his European estates. She liked the part she had read about a Swiss dairy built in his home village of Gbadolite. It also had an international airport, two palaces and there had even been talk of plans for a Disneyland. 
He stayed in power because of backing from America. They had needed him on their side while the Soviets were still a threat. It was the same old story. Support the devil if it meant he would denounce that evil beyond all evils, Communism. So the devil reigned supreme and his subjects lived in poverty and corruption. Only communism had crumbled now, the threat not so great. It meant he could no longer expect the support of his old ally and the rebel forces gained strength and the war would come soon now.
On the path in front of her, the carpet of leaves moved and an odd S-shaped pattern turned slowly toward her. She stopped abruptly, causing Mokala to almost walk into her. Looking past her to see why she had stopped, he grabbed her arm, jerking her back and let out a shrill whistle.
She shook her head, thinking she might be deaf when Satigi and Simon came running down the path and stopped short as Mokala shouted at them. He slowly put the pack on the floor, and Satigi threw a machete a few feet from him. He bent to pick it up and stepped around her. 
“Give it a minute,” Simon whispered and waved him back.
“What is it?” JC asked, suddenly backing away suspiciously.
“Forest cobra.”
She screamed, causing it to raise itself up from under the leaves. Mokala lunged forward, slicing its head off. If it hadn’t moved, she could have stepped on it.
“Maybe you should keep up,” Satigi said, picking up the body and holding it out to her as she backed away from it.
“Maybe you should slow down,” she snapped. 
“We cannot slow down if we want to be back before the rains come.”
She made a mental note to fire his ass as soon as they got back to civilization. Mokala picked up the pack. “It is all right,” he said, his smile back in place. “Snakes, they do not like it if you step on them.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
They walked on to find the group waiting for them. It was getting darker, but night wasn’t due for a few more hours. She looked up at the canopy as thunder rolled in from the distance and the rain filtered down to chase the flies away. 
And this was the dry season, she thought. She walked faster, ignoring the pain that shot through her legs and focused on the path. After a while, the pain became something she was aware of only in the back of her mind and she stopped thinking about the water creeping down her back. All that mattered was keeping the pair of feet in front of her in sight.
 The light bordered on dark when they walked into Merakanda, a village built at the foot of a hill. The clear cut slopes supported huts of red clay, and the thatched roofs sparkled with water drops as they caught the last of the sun’s rays. The ground was sticky, dotted with orange puddles of mud that stuck to the bottom of her shoes, weighing her legs down. In the forest, the leaves had kept her shoes free of mud, but in the village, the ground was bare with use and the dust turned to mud.
The laughter and chatter around her was a distant droning in her ears. The smell of unwashed bodies was strong and the smoke from cooking fires stung her eyes. She didn’t stop walking. She didn’t dare stop.
Not until she reached a place where she could fall down and didn’t have to move again. Somebody steered her towards a grassy patch where some tents were already set up. Had she fallen that far behind, she wondered, and collapsed on the wet grass. She noticed the stars were out before closing her eyes and going to sleep.
FOURTEEN
Simon watched her fall asleep on the grass, knowing she hadn’t eaten anything all day. Satigi had wanted to make sure they reached the village before dark and had pushed the pace. Maybe he should have made him slow down, but a part of him had wanted to see if she would give up. Maybe he even hoped she would. He had a bad feeling about the jungle, didn’t like that the place was crawling with guns right now. But with her stubbornness driving her, he had a feeling that, as dead as she looked, she hadn’t reached her limit yet.
He knelt down next to her and undid her shoes, pulled them off and noticed her blood-stained socks. He carried her to the tent and put her down on the sleeping bag. She didn’t wake up. Carefully peeling her socks off, he examined her blisters and shook his head. It must hurt like hell to walk with those. Her clothes were soaked and the night was getting colder so he shook her until her eyes opened and she sat up.
“What?” she asked, irritated and tired.
“Take your clothes off.”
“Jeez Simon, your timing sucks.”
She flopped back down, closing her eyes, and he pulled her back up.
“You have to get dry clothes on. Take them off.”
“Too tired,” she mumbled, her eyes closed.
“Then I’ll do it.”
“No,” she said. “I’ll do it. “ 
He backed out of the tent, closing it and she flopped back down.
“JC.” 
She bounced back up. 
“Okay. Okay. I’m doing it.”
He heard her mumbling and swearing. Smiling, he turned to Mokala who handed him a bowl of hot water. Thanking him, he picked a bag from his pack and waited a few more minutes before opening the tent flap again. She glared at him as she brushed her hair, her wet clothes in a pile in the corner of the tent. She wore a sweatshirt and shorts and eyed the bowl in his hand.
“For your feet.”
He left his shoes outside, crossed his legs awkwardly in the small tent, picked up her feet, and placed them on a towel in his lap. He pulled off the old Band-Aids and gently washed her feet. Wincing, she lay down on her sleeping bag, closing her eyes. 
“Simon, I don’t think I can get up again.”
“Then don’t, go to sleep. I will bring you some food when it is ready.”
“No, I mean ever. I think I’ll just lie here and die.”
“No, you won’t.”
“How do you know?”
“Just a feeling.”
The blisters were big, exposing huge areas of raw flesh, and he poured disinfectant on the open sores. Her leg muscles tightened, but she didn’t pull away and he had to give it to her, for a city girl she was tough. She had an arm flung over her face, and despite her silence, he knew she was crying, her body tense, trying to control herself. She didn’t want him to know, so he finished wrapping her feet and covered her with a blanket, then closed the flap of her tent. He walked over to where Satigi sat leaning against a tree looking out over the dark forest below.
“She is alive?” Satigi asked, not taking his eyes from the view.
“Yes.”
Satigi smiled. 
The village was built high on the slope, the camp set up below it in a grass clearing. The chief was not well, Satigi told him. Malaria, his wife had said, refusing him passage inside, so they would have to wait. Without his permission, they could not take a pygmy. The huts, in parallel lines, turned to dark shapes and the shadows grew stronger. From the forest, the scream of a bird carried across the night.
They ate in silence. It had been a long walk. 
***
Simon woke suddenly, not sure why, knowing only that being awake was better. He sat up and drew a hand through his hair then listened to the sounds coming from outside. It was still dark.
He had dreamt about her again. She was always in the back of his mind now and it was easier to keep her there when he was awake. He pulled a shirt over his head, slipped his boots on, and unzipped the tent flap. The grass was wet and the air chilled, so he threw some wood on the fire, made sure it caught and headed for the bushes.
When he got back, Joseph was standing over the fire and greeted him quietly. They made coffee, and then waited in silence, watching the fire as the forest woke. The birds grew louder and the sun pushed its way into the sky, impatient with the moon to be done with the night. A dog barked and the village stirred to life as white smoke from cooking fires rose to mix with the blue morning haze.
Simon walked to the edge of the clearing with his coffee and looked out over the forest. He loved the jungle and a part of him even liked the fear that came with it. Having the possibility of death so close made him aware of the blood flowing in his veins. He heard more, saw more, felt more, as if the danger turned the volume up on life.
JC emerged from her tent limping, scanned the nearby bushes, and disappeared behind the bamboo. She had hardly touched the food he had brought her last night. He would give her another three, maybe four days. Then she would call it quits. He wasn’t sure though and that was the part that bugged him. He frowned into the bottom of his coffee cup and scratched his jaw. He needed a shave. 
The soft chattering of women carried to where he stood and he turned to look at them walking up the path. Wearing bright wraparound skirts of red, blue, and yellow, they snaked their way up the path from the stream below. On their heads, they balanced plastic buckets filled with water. 
“I miss my wife,” said Joseph from behind him.
“Which one?” 
“My Nasi.”
Joseph coughed, a dry rapid sound and shivered, hugging his blanket closer. A goat trotted past them and a little boy chased after it through the wet grass. His barefoot spidery legs stuck out from under a white T-shirt that proclaimed somebody in New York loved him.
JC returned from the bushes, scowling, and disappeared inside her tent, coming out again with a blanket wrapped around her body. She nodded good morning and walked toward the fire, staring at the pot of coffee simmering over hot coals.
“Why are we not leaving?” she asked, bending down to pour some coffee into a cup.
“We must speak to the chief if we want to take one of his pygmies,” Joseph said, “but he is sick with malaria.”
“His pygmies?” she asked, looking up at him.
“The group of pygmies that live here belong to the chief. He owns them,” Simon explained.
“That’s absurd. Nobody owns people anymore.” 
They watched her in silence.
“You’re kidding,” she said, realizing they weren’t.
She looked tired, the dark circles under her eyes standing out from her pale skin. Her eyes were bloodshot, her nose swollen.
“I don’t get any of it,” she said after a while. “You would think after the way the colonialists treated them they would know better.”
Simon shrugged. “The Bantu believe the pygmies are inferior, meant to be owned. They work on the plantations.”
She sat down next to Joseph and looked up at him in question. “Is that true? Do you believe that?” 
“The pygmies are animals because they live in the forest. They do not live in real huts as we do. They live like animals so we must teach them to be civilized.”
She was still staring at Joseph in disbelief when Satigi strolled down to the camp from the village. Greeting them, he told them to be ready to see the chief after breakfast. Also, the local SNIP officer had heard of their arrival and demanded an explanation as to why they hadn’t presented themselves to him.
“What’s a SNIP officer?” JC asked, staring at the bottom of her coffee cup.
“Local government boy.”
From Joseph’s tent, a young girl emerged and she smiled shyly at Joseph as she passed, saying something that made him laugh.
“She kept me up much of the night with her demands,” he said, smiling as he watched the girl climb the hill to the huts above. “It is good I am a strong man.” 
JC shook her head, a frown of disapproval on her face.
“You do not like that I have this girl?”
“It is none of my business what disease you pick up,” she said, not looking at him.
He clicked his tongue as he always did when annoyed.
“White people are so concerned with germs, with illness. I am a healthy man. A strong man and I like women. There is nothing wrong with that. It is good.”
“You won’t be strong and healthy long if you keep that up. What about your wives?”
“What about them?”
“Forget it. You don’t even understand that it is wrong to have two wives. Why would you consider it wrong to sleep around?”
“Aaah, I understand now,” he said and burst out laughing. “You are angry because I do not keep their faith.”
“You are unfaithful,” she said, correcting him. ”Yes, that, and because you could give them diseases that could kill them.”
“My wives are proud of my strength. I do not break their faith because they do not expect it. And you exaggerate like all white people about disease.”
Laughing, he stood up and walked away. She glared after him before looking at Simon.
He shrugged. “In our culture having two wives is wrong, not in his. Don’t impose your culture on him.”
She sighed and took a sip of her coffee. “I don’t get the attitude people have around here about AIDS. It’s almost as if it doesn’t exist to them.”
“It doesn’t, because they don’t see people dying from AIDS. They die from pneumonia or some other illness. It doesn’t have physical symptoms like cholera or smallpox. It’s invisible and it’s hard to believe in something you can’t see.”
She looked out over the trees with a strange expression on her face, an expression he knew well. He had seen it often enough to know what it meant and he stood up, walking away. She wouldn’t notice his absence, lost to the overwhelming sense that everything she knew meant nothing now. 
The clouds crawled down the mountain and across the forest, disappearing as if the leaves had inhaled them.
***
A dog sat on its haunches, whining as they approached the largest hut in the village. White smoke spilled out the door, curling up into the sky. An old woman appeared, hissed at the dog and aimed a foot in its direction. It dodged the limb with great expertise before slinking away, tail between its legs. The old woman turned to them and smiled, showing two blackened stubs that hung from her upper gum. She was barefoot, her feet flat and spread out, the feet of someone who had never worn shoes. Her stained dress hung on her gaunt body, her wiry arms waving at them to enter.
The chief lay on a grass mat, covered in sweat and breathing heavily. A fire was burning in the center of the floor and a cooking pot of boiling stew hung over it. The thatch roof and walls were black from smoke. There was no chimney, no windows, the smoke escaping when it could through the open door. 
JC coughed, her eyes stinging, and waited as Satigi handed over the gifts, a machete, umbrella, and tobacco. He exchanged words with the chief, his voice loud in the small space.
A few possessions were bundled against a wall, clothes hung from nails, and some pictures, torn from a magazine, were nailed into place. One was a picture of Jesus on the cross, the other a French ad for sanitary towels. They were yellowed with age and blackened by smoke. A low three-legged stool sat in a corner and above it, a skull was nailed to the wall, the empty eye sockets staring at her. It was oddly shaped and couldn’t be a human skull, she thought: probably a chimp. To the left of her an animal skin had been stretched and nailed to the wall. The gray fur had turned black in patches from the smoke. She tried to focus, but her eyes were streaming tears and she couldn’t breathe.
Simon waited outside. She could see his shadow on the hard dirt floor in front of the entrance. She bolted out the door, disturbing some chickens scratching at the dirt. Blinking furiously and dabbing at the tears running down her cheeks, she gasped for air. 
“How do they stand it?”
“They are used to it, I imagine.”
She looked to where he stood, a shoulder leaning against the hut. He pulled a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, tapped it against his hand, edged one out, and placed it between his lips. He didn’t smile, just stood there watching her during the whole process. She looked away, annoyed. 
“Won’t Satigi need your help in there?”
“He knows what he’s doing,” he mumbled and lit the cigarette, dragging on it.
A little boy walked up the path toward them, a plastic container taller than he was balanced on his head. Water sloshed over the sides with every step soaking his shirt that hung by one shoulder. His eyes were fixed on the path in front of him, his forehead furrowed in concentration. He flicked his eyes up off the path, startled by their presence, and tripped, sending the container crashing to the ground where the water was quickly absorbed. He stared in horror at the empty container then turned back down the hill, his shoulders slumped. 
When Satigi emerged into the sun, he didn’t stop to talk.
“We must give him medicine,” he called over his shoulder. “Then he will allow us to take his best pygmy.”
Simon opened the pack he carried, took a handful of aspirins and vitamin tablets out, and handed them over. She looked at him, questioning the effect the tablets would have on malaria.
He shrugged and Satigi disappeared back into the smoke-filled hut. 
***
Pushing through elephant grass, she followed Satigi to the pygmy camp. They passed under banana trees planted among straggling manioc shrubs. Set apart from the village, in a rough clearing, stood frail shelters made of bamboo circling a communal center. They were shaped like beehives, made of saplings, covered with leaves and bark. Most looked incomplete.
The pygmies were four feet tall and dressed in old clothes. The men looked bulky with muscle, their T-shirts too small or too big. The women wore skirts and T-shirts like the Bantu women. Their facial features were large with big eyes and wide flat noses and they sat on the ground on giant leaves, their legs straight out in front of them.
They were Bambuti pygmies found in the Virunga area, Satigi told her as they watched a man walk toward them. His upper body looked normal, but his legs were out of proportion with the rest of him. It was the poverty of length in the legs that gave him his shortness, she thought. His direct gaze assessed them quickly, as Satigi greeted him and the two started a conversation. The man never blinked, she noticed, and she wondered if Satigi felt at all uncomfortable under that relentless stare. 
“He wants to know if we will pay him,” Satigi asked.
“How much?”
“What does it matter? You can afford this. He expects only to be back in three weeks.”
The pygmy had moved his unwavering gaze to her. His name was Yange and he refused to leave right away; they would have to wait until tomorrow. He asked that his brother also go and that he too be paid. Satigi said it might not be a bad idea to have them both along. They were good hunters. 
They paid SNIP headquarters a visit. It turned out to be a mud hut with thatched roof. The SNIP officer jumped to attention and straightened his uniform when he noticed their presence. 
“Why have these mondele not come to see me?” he shouted at Satigi, ignoring JC’s presence. “It is stated in the laws of this country that all foreigners must have my permission to stay in this village.”
Satigi spoke to him in his own guttural language and JC gave up trying to follow the conversation. Negotiations seemed to be over soon enough, and the SNIP officer was content to write down passport numbers in his book before accepting his bribe with a smile. 
In camp, she dug wet clothes out of her pack, grabbed some soap, and then followed the traffic down to the river.
***
With her clothes washed and spread out on the grass to dry, she looked over the forest. A red bird in a tree close by caught her eye and she watched it hop along a branch, nodding its head. It spread its wings and with a couple of flaps, it glided across the clearing and was gone. She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand and blinked at the glare of the sun. It was getting hotter, the sun turning up its intensity, making the air sweaty with moisture.
“Where are you going?” she asked Simon as he walked by.
“Swimming.”
She watched him walk for a few more seconds, and then grabbed her swimsuit and followed him.
They crossed the river over an old log bridge, the bark brittle under her feet. She paused halfway across to watch small fish in a shallow pool. They were transparent, like swimming fish skeletons. 
They found a deep pool upstream where the river cornered around some rocks. The trees had left an opening over the water for the sun to shine through.
“Are you sure about this?” she asked, watching Simon’s head emerge from the cool water.
She waited for a crocodile to bite him and scanned the water for snakes. She wasn’t sure what she was afraid of more. The things she could see or the ones she couldn’t. 
“What do you want me to say?” he finally asked. “That it is completely safe? That’s a lie. It’s tropical Africa, JC, and there are parasites here people haven’t even discovered yet. Snakes probably. Crocodiles unlikely.”
“I just don’t want one of those gut worms.”
“Parasites? That’s what you’re afraid of?”
“Aren’t you.”
“Offhand, I can say it’s down on my list somewhere below trigger-happy soldiers and homicidal maniacs.”
“Your point being?”
“Do you always live your life so carefully?”
“I consider life a good thing and don’t particularly care to give it up.”
He laughed. “That’s funny, considering you walked into this jungle knowing it’s about to split wide open in civil war.”
“The war has nothing to do with me.”
“You like to live in your own world, don’t you?”
“I’ll watch you swim,” she said and sat down on the rock. 
He swam in lazy circles, his eyes on her.
“Your chances of dying on a freeway in LA are greater than dying from taking a swim here.”
“Maybe.”
She watched him dive under the water, losing sight of him in the muddy deep. She sat back, turning her face up to the sun and closed her eyes. A splash close by made her open her eyes in time to see him jump onto her rock.
“Simon, don’t—”
He picked her up and threw her in the cold water, cutting off her protest. She dove down and stayed underwater, watching the water’s surface. A minute passed. She would have to come up for air soon, but she was playing games. 
He dove in, searching the bottom of the pool for her, coming up for oxygen when his lungs demanded it, then diving back down. Two minutes passed as he searched. As he came up for air, a movement on the rock caught his eye. She sat on the rock perfectly relaxed, watching him.
“Looking for me?” 
He stared at her then swam over and jumped up on the rock next to her. His chest moved up and down in manic bursts and her smile faded.
“I’m sorry, that wasn’t funny,” she said, then stood up and dove back into the water.
She floated on her back, watching the trees that crowded in above the pool. The rippling of the water seduced her and she closed her eyes thinking about another pool. One just like this where the water had whispered secrets in her ears when she was little. Angelina called it the beach because it had a sandy bank big enough to lay some towels on and stick their beach umbrellas into. Their mother would ask where they were going and Angelina would say the beach, because she had always wanted to live by the beach, always asked her mother if they could move there. But they never did. They had lived in the middle of the country, in a small town in Idaho, as far away as anyone could get from a beach.
She opened her eyes and watched a giant orange butterfly flap its heavy wings in lazy circles above her. It dipped toward her for a second, hung suspended then drifted out of sight.
Her sister bought orange snorkeling gear with money she saved from her tenth birthday and while JC lay in the sun, Angelina emerged from the pool holding a new slimy discovery. The orange face mask dripped cold water on her hot skin.
“Look what I found. Isn’t it beautiful?” Angelina would say and JC would yell at her to quit dripping.
It was always green and slimy, twitching to escape. Beautiful it wasn’t and Angelina would scare her with it, then disappear under the water again. That was before her mother’s depression really set in. Before they came home from school and cleaned the house and did the laundry, did the shopping and paid the bills. Their mother slept through the last few years of her life, refusing to seek outside help just because she was sad. After a while, JC liked the physical control she had over the house because it made up for feeling helpless over her mother’s depression. It helped to keep the fear that followed her around quiet. Going away to college was a hard decision, but she needed the scholarship, so she went, leaving Angelina to take care of their mother.
She closed her eyes as she felt the tears slide down her cheeks, and diving down she listened to the water whisper, “Isn’t it beautiful . . . Where are you going . . . the beach.”
She screamed in anger at the voices and the water absorbed her protest, dissolving it into quiet whispers that moved downstream.
***
She had forgotten he was there. He was sure of it. He watched her as she swam in circles, oblivious to his presence, her hair spread out in the water behind her. He had watched her brush it that morning. It had tumbled down her back and he had wanted to reach out and hold it in his hand, but he had turned away from her instead. He was one bloody idiot.
She floated on her back, her eyes closed and breathing shallow. She had long, showy legs, her body all long lines with curves where God knew best to put them. He had often watched her walk across the camp, her back straight and head high, her hair swinging softly. 
Her face was tense now, and he knew she was hurting, recognizing the lines of concentrated pain. The water failed to smooth out the small frown and he didn’t have to wonder what she was thinking. Would her sister have done the same for her? He liked her loyalty, even if it was driven by enough guilt to make a Jewish mother flinch. The truth was he liked a lot about her and why it should surprise him, he didn’t know. A lot about himself had surprised him lately, most of all what the hell he was doing here.
Probabilities of Angelina still being alive had kept him awake for days after he thought JC had left to go back to the states. After he had seen her at the party, he knew he would go with her. It had never been a choice. He watched her for a while longer then decided her sudden distance was a polite plea to be left alone. He stood up and wound his way back to camp.
***
He wasn’t in the camp when she returned, so she lay down on her sleeping bag to take a nap. After a while the heat inside drove her out again. Joseph sat under a tree talking to some girls. Probably interviewing for tonight’s sleeping partner, she thought.
She walked over and stood listening to the chatter. The girls laughed at his words and if he addressed a girl directly she would lower her head in shyness and giggle. It seemed Joseph, being a town man, meant a lot around here. 
She walked up toward the village to where the men sat in the shade under the trees. They smoked and talked, casually brushing the flies away. Conversation stopped as she drew near and they turned to watch her. Nodding, she greeted them.
A woman swept the front of her hut with a grass broom. The hard-packed red dirt around the hut was kept free of weeds and grass. It was here, in front of the house where most of the living was done, she realized. The hut was only a place to store belongings. Life was lived outside it.
An old woman sat on the ground grating a root while three women stood around a hardwood mortar crushing manioc with wood pestles. Their colorful bottoms thrust out with every stroke as they kept a perfect rhythm.
In the coffee fields, JC found a group of women clearing shrubs and small trees that crowded in toward the plantation. The forest was fighting to reclaim its space as hard as they worked to keep it back.
They also tended the little bushes called manioc that was part of their staple diet. She had seen them eating the white stuff this morning, had even tasted it, and found it bland. The roots were starchy, but despite having little nutritional value, it went a long way to keeping them fed. It was filling. Without it, the country would starve to death. Ironic in a place that seemed so abundant with vegetation, she thought. 
A loud wail erupted from the back of a young girl, and putting down her panga, she moved the baby around front. Lifting her T-shirt, she held the baby to her nipple. It latched on quickly, restoring the fields to the chatter and singing of the women as they worked. 
A loud call echoed toward her, followed by a tearing sound, loud and agonized. JC looked beyond the field to where a group of pygmy men stood, their heads tilted up as their eyes watched a tree. The tearing turned to loud snaps and the tree leaning over then came to land on the ground with a final loud crash. They were clearing more land for planting. It was heavy labor, saved for the pygmies. 
She walked back to the village, where Satigi sat on a stool under a tree smoking a pipe with the men. A jar of palm wine was passed around with a bowl of fat, white, roasted grubs. She sat down next to a man wearing a clean, white shirt and long, black pants. A silence descended on the group and they turned to look at her.
“What’s the matter?” she asked, turning to Satigi. “Does the sight of a woman sitting and not working offend them?” 
He eyed her, rolling his cigarette between his fingers.
“Why do the men sit while the women work?” 
He translated the question into Lingala. An older man smoking a pipe answered, addressing her with a long explanation. When he finally stopped talking, JC looked at Satigi for a translation.
“He said it has always been that way.”
“That’s what he said?” 
“That is the short story.”
“Give me the long story.”
Satigi dragged on his cigarette and blew the smoke out toward her. The bowl of grubs reached her and she passed it on. 
“In Africa, it is a woman’s duty to tend the crops, cook the meals, and take care of her children and husband. That is her job. Men have more important things to take care of. They must find jobs. They must speak of important things. They must settle fights and decide things that take time.”
JC frowned and looked at the men sitting in the circle. One man sat with his head on his chest, his body leaning against a tree trunk, loud snoring erupting from him. He snapped awake, his eyes dazed and bloodshot.
 “Important things, huh?” 
Satigi nodded at the man across from her. “He finds a job as a truck driver to help support his family. But jobs are scarce and he hasn’t worked in two years.”
“Why can a woman not be a driver?”
Satigi’s translation was greeted with much laughter. A man wearing a pink T-shirt answered.
“Women are not strong enough to drive on the roads. They could not push a truck out of mud, or lift heavy bags on top of buses,” Satigi told her.
“Not strong enough? If not for the women, every man in Africa would have died of hunger by now.”
“You do not understand,” he said, frowning.
She watched as a line of women with huge piles of firewood balanced on their heads walked past them.
“I understand that these women do all the work,” she said pointing, “and the men sit under the shade, drinking, talking, and smoking.”
“You expect women to have rights when the men in this country have none?” Shaking his head and shrugging his shoulders, he turned away. “You understand nothing. It does not matter. You will go back to your country and nothing here will change.” 
“Then help me understand. I want to.”
He watched her for a second, then pulling on his cigarette one more time, put it out on the ground. 
 “These men would work hard if they got something for it.”
He watched her to see what her reaction was to the words. She kept her expression neutral and, encouraged, he continued.
”This village was a good place to live, but not so much anymore. The price of coffee is bad now and the government forces them to sell the coffee locally. They are not allowed to put it on the open market where it makes more money. If they do not listen, their fields are burned. The transport is very bad and it takes a long time and much effort to get the coffee to the local factory. They get paid 14 cents a kilogram. On the international market, it is worth 120 cents a kilogram. They are never paid everything they are owed. Sometimes 25 %, but usually 20%, and the unions here channel the money from coffee sales into union bank accounts where it is kept to gather interest. To grow coffee takes money, so the unions set up a credit system so the farmers can buy wheelbarrows and pesticides. They charge interest of 35% on credit systems and the farmer owes more money. If they sell 100 kg of coffee, they should get 500 dollars. What is left, after taxes, the union dues, and what is owed the credit system, they are working for very little. Not enough to live on so they must go long distances to find work.”
“Can’t they refuse to pay the unions?”
He laughed and translated the question which brought them all to laughing and shaking heads. “The unions will pay the soldiers to come. When the soldiers come, they are always drunk and very dangerous. When the soldiers leave again, the fields are burned, all the food and money in the village leaves with them, and one sometimes two men are dead.”
“I’m guessing the government doesn’t help either.”
“The unions pay the government.”
“So working is useless.”
“Useless is what a man in this country quickly learns to become.”
FIFTEEN
Simon stopped, held his breath, and scanned the shadows around him. There was nothing to see because his eyes were not much good in the shattered light. He picked up distorted echoes that the forest absorbed again, as if the leaves soaked them up with the green light and all that was left was a feeling that crept up his spine and kept him alert.
This was how his ancestors must have lived, leaving a trace of memory in the back of his brain to ensure survival for generations. The silence remained and he grew tired of watching shadows that would not change into something he recognized. He preferred the wide spaces of the savannah. At least there, he stood a chance of seeing something creep up on him. He pulled a bag out of his pack and sat down on a tree root. Eating leftover rice, he listened to the forest and waited for the others to catch up. 
 Like a giant cannibal, the forest fed on itself. Too many people failed to understand that and the forest was cut down to make room for farming. Without the trees, there would be no leaves. With no leaves, the soil was worthless, washed away, and carried downstream where the rivers bled Africa into the sea. He had seen it often enough, not just here, but everywhere in Africa where men and cattle had disturbed the balance. He had tried to do something to help once, but he learned there wasn’t anything to be done. Now, for the most part, he sat back and watched the whole show.
 From the right he heard the distant chatter of a group of mangabey monkeys and then the pygmies stood suddenly in front of him. He wasn’t surprised. They understood these forests better than anyone did, and they knew how to move fast and without sound.
Beya was the shorter one and sat down while Yange stood, investigating the shrubs for edible fruits or berries. They had discarded their village clothes for loin cloths and each carried a net over one shoulder, making them look like lost fisherman. The nets were made of long lengths of knotted twine and used for hunting. They were four feet high and twenty feet long. Strung on branches, they caught animals like the blue duiker that men chased into them, and then speared. Yange carried a bow and poison arrow tips. They were used for killing monkeys or flying squirrels. 
Satigi arrived, followed by the bearers, and ten minutes later JC limped in, Joseph right behind her. She walked over to him and sat down, gasping for air. He offered her his water bottle and she grabbed it, opening her mouth to drink, only to spit out the bees as they crawled into her mouth.
“I can’t stand this. They are driving me insane.” She smacked the back of her neck where they crawled inside her T-shirt.
“You’ve given up trying to outrun them?”
“It’s too exhausting.”
“If the acts of Moses make you wonder, wait until you have seen the acts of the Pharaoh,” Joseph said.
“What?”
“You ain’t seen nothing yet,” Simon explained.
Joseph nodded. “You must get used to it because soon the honey bees will find us and then you must sit and let them suck the sweat from your armpits and your back because if you move they will sting you.”
“Beautiful. I really hate bugs.”
“How is your foot?” Simon asked. 
She had sprained her ankle.
“I’ll be fine as long as I don’t take my shoe off.”
She handed back his water bottle and he leaned down, picking hers up. It was empty again.
He stood up and took Satigi’s machete, walked over to a liana and sliced it open. A stream of water gushed out of the thick stem and he reached up and tilted it down, drinking some before filling her bottle. 
Satigi called an end to their break and they moved on. 
***
Joseph had been right about the honeybees. They had buzzed into camp not long after they had stopped for the day. Joseph had laughed at her, saying she must remember to keep her arms slightly up to keep from squashing the bees feeding on her sweaty armpits. The stings under her left arm hurt the most. Her left eye was swollen shut from a bee she had tried to move. Leaning back against a tree without checking was also a bad idea.
Her ankle throbbed. She kept her shoe on, afraid she couldn’t get it back on in the morning. At least the heat didn’t bother her anymore.
They had been walking eight days now. Eight days of zigzagging through the forest, trying to pick up tracks left by anything human. All they found were soldiers heading northwest, and animal tracks, from a small antelope. The pygmies had set up their nets and the rest of them had formed a line. Clapping and shouting, they walked toward the open nets. They had caught the antelope and a porcupine. Dinner that night was good. 
Simon had become distant and quiet, and had stopped shaving. Satigi wanted them to turn back, saying it was hopeless. He argued that any sign of Angelina was lost weeks ago, the forest being able to absorb the meat of a body in less than a day. The bones would be lost under leaves and covered with vines.
Joseph agreed. 
She had excused herself, too tired to argue. Every inch of her was covered in bites, but still she covered her skin in bug repellent. She lifted a hand to her swollen left eye and winced. Thank God, the bees had disappeared with the sun. Now it was the huge swarms of mosquitoes that bugged her. She moved her leg away from the canvas, out of sucking range. 
She had drifted off to sleep when a loud scream from the forest made her sit up. She had never heard anything like it. It sounded like somebody was being tortured to death. She crawled out of the tent and stood up covering her ears. Simon sat near the fire and looked up as she ran over. He looked completely unconcerned.
“What is that?”
Simon laughed as the screams intensified. It sounded like somebody was being torn in half.
“It’s not funny. Somebody is getting murdered. We have to help them. Do something!”
Even Joseph and Satigi thought it funny. What was the matter with them? She ran over to where the rifle lay on the ground and picked it up. Simon took it from her before she got past the fire.
“It’s just a tree hyrax.”
“A what?”
“A cute little animal that looks like a rabbit without the ears or tail.”
She looked at Joseph and Satigi. 
“A little, furry animal makes that awful scream?” 
Satigi nodded since Joseph couldn’t. He was still laughing, slapping his leg and holding his stomach.
“It’s not that funny,” she growled.
Gasping for air, he stopped suddenly and pointed at her. “No, it is not funny. You are funny.” 
She looked down at herself through her right eye. Her left was completely swollen shut. She had one shoe on and a pair of shorts that showed legs that looked infected with chicken pox. An oversized T-shirt borrowed from Simon hung off her shoulders. Her long hair had frizzed out like a lion’s mane with the humidity, and the dirt gave it extra body, making it stand straight up. She had given up trying to brush the knots out days ago. 
Joseph stood up and imitated her frantic scramble around the camp. It sent Beya and Yange into spasms of laughter and soon Joseph had the two pygmies rolling on the ground as he explained her strange behavior.
She limped slowly over to the fire and collapsed in a pile. She felt her heartbeat return to normal, but the shaking wouldn’t stop. Suddenly tears started welling up and she burst into tears, too tired to care.
Satigi smacked Joseph on the back of the head.
“I did nothing,” Joseph whined.
Simon put an arm around her shoulder and pulled her into a hug, holding her while she cried. 
Satigi made her tea, adding whiskey to it, and she took it from him, drying her good eye on her sleeve.
“I’m sorry. I’m fine,” she hiccupped, looking at the rim of her cup and avoiding eye contact. “I never cry. It won’t happen again. I’m just tired, that’s all.” She scratched her head, thinking it itched more every day.
Simon and Satigi exchanged looks before Satigi withdrew back to his sleeping bag next to the fire.
“JC, you are going to have to cut your hair.”
She turned to look at Simon. “I like my hair long,” she protested and wondered why he was talking about her hair at a time like this. She reached up and touched it. “It’ll brush out. I just need a shower and lots of conditioner.”
“You have lice and we won’t see a shower for weeks.”
“I do not have lice.”
He made a move towards her and she backed away.
“Sit still,” he demanded, holding her.
She stopped moving and let him pick through her hair. She had seen baboons in the zoo do this to each other. She frowned as she felt him pull something out of her hair and hold it out for her to see.
“Oh, God, I have lice.” 
Satigi rolled his eyes. A few bubbles of laughter escaped from Joseph, and Satigi smacked him on the back of the head again. 
Simon stood up to fetch his razor.
***
They avoided her eyes the next morning. It started with Simon, who winced as she crawled out of her tent into daylight. He turned away, hiding his reaction, but she had seen it and ran a hand over her shaved head. It didn’t feel right. 
Satigi set his usual pace on the elephant highway through the forest. They hadn’t seen any elephants yet, just signs of their passing. After a short break at noon, Satigi stopped to inspect a huge pile of steaming dung. JC kept walking, not stopping to see what was so fascinating about a pile of manure. A loud scream of pure terror exploded from ahead and Joseph flashed by in a blur, almost knocking her down in his escape. On the forest path in front of her stood a huge elephant. It looked panic-stricken. Her own heart was thumping hard enough to push all the way through her rib cage, so she sympathized with it. They stared at each other for the longest two seconds in her life, then it swung around, put its tail in the air, and ran screaming in the opposite direction. 
Around noon, a loud crack from the canopy above sent the pygmies running away, their arms covering their heads. The rest of the group was slower to react and one of the bearers was knocked unconscious when a large fruit hit him on the head.
They were forced to make camp early and the days that followed didn’t get better.
She returned to camp one night in time to hear Simon tell Satigi to sod off. It sounded serious because Simon saved the sodding off words for serious offenses, and sure enough they were standing eyeball to eyeball when she walked into camp.
“What’s the matter?”
“Stay out of it, JC.”
“Stay out of what?”
Simon turned away from Satigi and pulled her to one side.
“I’ll take care of it.”
“Okay, sorry. Point taken. Let’s not turn this into a pissing contest because I just don’t have the equipment. Tell me what the problem is.”
Simon looked at Satigi. “He wants to turn back.”
She stared at him, wondering why he seemed a lot less happy about the prospect than she thought he would be.
“I thought you were just waiting for something like this,” she said. “You’ve been watching me like a hawk, waiting for any sign of weakness. I’m not blind. You’ve wanted me to fail since the day we started. Why the sudden change?”
He narrowed his eyes, but said nothing.
“Whatever,” she said. “How much does he want?”
“It doesn’t matter how much he wants, you can’t give it to him.”
“Why not?”
“Because it’s an old trick to get the expedition out in the field where they rely on you, and then demand more money.”
“Do we?”
“Need him? Yes. The bearers will leave with him and if we run into soldiers, we need him.”
“Then pay him.”
“No.”
They stared at each other, neither willing to budge and Beya came to stand next to them, his face turning side to side as if watching a tennis match.
Joseph laughed as Simon turned away.
Satigi didn’t get his money until they reached a village on the river. The bearers decided they would take a boat back to ‘civilization.’ No threats or bribes could change their minds. They refused to head any further west after they heard the news that government troops had arrived. The forest ahead would be a war zone any day.
It left Satigi, happy with his raise, Joseph, Simon and the pygmies.
The pygmies didn’t seem concerned about war. It was not a part of their lives, Simon told her. It never had been. Even though they had been the original native peoples of the forest, they had not put up a fight when, centuries ago, the Bantu speaking people moved down from the north. They had simply moved deeper into the forests.
She was watching them dig grubs from a tree stump when Simon approached her, took her pack, and dumped everything out on the ground. Medicine, food, cartridges, sleeping bags, and two tents were repacked. Everything else stayed.
JC thought about protesting as her clothes were carried away by villagers, but decided it didn’t matter. She had worn the same moldy clothes for weeks anyway. Her towel she had left behind days ago, right after it had started to grow things.
She ran her tongue over her furry teeth, wondering where she could have lost her toothbrush. It was no use anyway. She had long ago crossed the line of her own limits and she hadn’t died.
That surprised her.
She had thought limits were not to be crossed because the other side meant certain death. But here she was, hairless, smelly, wearing the same underwear for a week, her skin layered in dirt she could write in and she hadn’t fallen over stinking dead.
So a fungus was growing between her toes. Nothing she could do about that. She had tried putting some stuff on it but it had only acted as a fertilizer. Her arms were covered in welts and scratches and there wasn’t a spot left on her skin without a bite. At least the diarrhea didn’t bother her anymore. She smelled like a homeless person but she didn’t care. That worried her. It couldn’t be healthy to not worry about something like that. The hair in her armpits, that still bugged her, she thought, and felt better.
***
In the next village, they were offered a room with planks on bricks that resembled beds. The hut, made of mud and thatch, stood next to the latrine-pit across from the chicken coop. Not prime real-estate, she thought. The weeds around it had been freshly cut and the windows had boards over them for shutters. Apart from the beds, a rough looking table and two plastic chairs rounded out the interior decorating. The blood splatter on the wall was a nice touch, kind of avant-garde.
Simon walked over to a wooden plank bed. He looked at it carefully then shook it; small flat bugs fell on the floor and scurried into the deeper shadows.
“Bed bugs?”
He nodded. 
“Charming.” She leaned down and inspected the hard mud floor. “Can we sleep on the floor?”
“I wouldn’t.”
She watched the floor with suspicion. “What’s hiding in the floor?”
“Floor maggots.”
She straightened quickly and followed him out.
“I read somewhere that bed bugs might carry the AIDS virus for one hour in their body.”
Simon shrugged.
“We’re camping again?”
“We are.”
She sighed and walked faster to keep up with him. A group of children stopped playing as they approached and ran away screaming in terror. 
“Why do they keep doing that?”
“They think we will kill them and eat them.”
“That’s ridiculous. Why would they think that?”
“In the more remote villages, the children have never seen white people before. They only know of us from stories their parents tell of savage white people that once invaded their land. Some of the stories tell of white people that are cannibals.”
“Like the stories we hear about them.”
“Ironic, isn’t it?”
They passed the chief’s hut and he gestured for them to come over. He smiled, showing off the consecutive gaps in his teeth that made it look like he had had his teeth knocked out on purpose. He sat on a low stool, his frizzy hair long, his white beard longer. They shook hands and he offered them a seat on an overturned canoe.
He wanted to know if they wanted to take pictures of him with his tusks.
“What tusks is he talking about?” she asked.
“Elephant.”
She shook her head and smiled politely. 
While Simon talked to him, JC sat watching the flies collect in a soot-covered cooking pot. She leaned forward to see what was in it. Stew. Butterflies collected on the rim, their wings like sailboats. They sucked up the protein before lifting their heavy bellies back into the air, and flying away in dizzy zigzags.
***
 “What did he say?” she later asked Simon as they walked down to the river.
“He was complaining about the soldiers. Said they took his ivory and his baby gorilla. All the meat they had from a recent gorilla hunt was confiscated.”
“Gorilla meat? I thought it’s . . . ”
“Against the law? It is, but the villagers like the meat. They believe it gives them the strength of the gorilla. The babies they take to sell down river. The ivory would have brought a good price.”
“Why is he telling you?”
“He wanted to know if I was interested in buying a gorilla baby. He would have gotten me one for a special price because he likes me.” 
“Ivory and baby gorillas. It’s depressing to think that if this village has ivory and gorilla meat, then other villages do as well. We haven’t seen any animals in days, Simon, do you know that? Not one gorilla. Why doesn’t the government do something to stop them from poaching? Confiscate it or something.”
“Why? They only sell it. They don’t take it away because it’s against international laws. They make a profit, just like the villagers. The president himself exports huge amounts of ivory in his own plane. If you don’t like baby gorillas being sold, then don’t go to the zoos that buy them. That’s where they end up.”
“I thought you loved animals.”
“It’s not that simple, JC. Look at the numbers. There are too many people in the world. The biggest threat is that the habitat the animals live in is disappearing. It’s just a matter of time.”
“All the place needs is education.”
Simon stopped dead in his tracks, putting his hands in his pockets as he stood looking at her. JC shifted uncomfortably under his gaze.
“What?” she asked defensively. 
“You sound just like any other foreigner who comes here and treats this place like their own moral battlefield. Saying that all this place needs is education is like saying all the moon needs for habitation is oxygen. It’s unrealistic and just maybe it’s supposed to happen like this. Extinction is part of history. Why ignore it? Maybe we are part of the bigger plan and it’s all supposed to happen just like this. Remember Darwin and the survival of the fittest? Well, here it is.”
“Other countries have managed to protect their wildlife. All I’m trying to say is that they have so much here, it’s sad to think they could lose it.” 
“They already have. The lumber in these forests has already been sold. All of it. The trees may still be standing, but Zaire has sold it all to countries like America and Japan. Not far from here, a French lumber company has built logging roads on a grid system. They clear it out in days and move on. Right now, in some corner of this forest trees are going down. Miles of them, every week. I fly over parts of this country that used to be covered by trees, and now they are all gone.”
His voice was flat, as if reciting cold facts. His mouth was drawn in a tight line, his eyes on the path in front of them. Maybe he wasn’t as indifferent to it all as he liked to pretend.
“Have you seen anyone here use paper plates or toilet paper?” he asked. “They don’t even have paper in their schools, no books, no fax machines, no printers. They make houses from cow dung and grass.”
“I get the point, Simon.”
“Do you really? Do you have a hardwood floor?”
“Yes. But—”
“Wait,” he said, cutting her off with a grin. ”Let me guess. The wood in your floor comes from specially grown trees. Right? Come on, JC, when was the last time you drove past a specially grown hardwood forest in your country?” 
“We have forests.”
“Yes. You do. Softwood forests that grow quickly. Don’t criticize these people for using their own resources, even if it is gorilla meat. Don’t be so self-righteous.”
“Is that what I am?” she asked, stopping in her tracks.
He stopped and turned back to face her. “You can be, rather.”
“Oh.”
They walked the rest of the way in silence. 
Joseph’s mistress was beautiful, young, and way too energetic. JC blinked the tiredness from her eyes, knowing she would never be able to sleep with all the giggling and grunting. The screaming was the worst. Finally, she crawled out of the tent and walked toward the fire. Scowling at Joseph’s tent as she passed, she flopped down next to Simon on the log and sighed. She stared at the flames, ignoring the bats that waggled in the air above their heads.
“Do you think I should give up?”
“On Joseph? Yes. He will never change.”
“I’m talking about Angelina.”
“What do you think?”
“Christ, I’m the shrink, okay? Don’t start with that messing with the mind shit, I know how it works.” She paused, closing her eyes and drew the blanket closer. “Oh God, I’m crazy, I have to be,” she said slowly.
He smiled. “No doubt. However, I might add that it doesn’t change the fact that you are here now, so you might as well see it through.”
She turned to look at him.
“What?” he asked.
“I figured you would have wanted me to give up.”
He shrugged. 
The sound of drumming and singing came from the village. “Is it a party?”
“Of sorts.”
“Let’s go,” she said jumping up and dropping the blanket. She grabbed his arm when he hesitated. “Come on.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“You never think anything is a good idea.”
A big drum and a few smaller ones stood to one side of the clearing in the middle of the village. The drums produced a rhythmic beat, and a circle of men and women gathered to participate in the dancing. In the center, men were engaged in a ritual dance between good and evil. They circled a fire, their masks stark and ugly in the flickering light. Satigi stood to one side watching and waved them over.
“What’s going on?” she asked him. 
“The sorcerer must send the spirit of a dying boy safely into his death.”
He pointed to a hut on the left of the clearing, where a group of women kneeled beside the door chanting and swaying. Candlelight flickered against the mud walls inside the hut and a boy lay stretched out on a mat, his eyes closed, still. The boy’s mother swayed over him, her voice wailing in loss. JC folded her arms and turned away.
“How did he die?” she asked Satigi.
“The boy’s father killed him.”
“Murdered him?”
Satigi nodded. “Everybody knows he is a bad man. All his children die because they do not have futures. They are born without them.”
“What are you talking about?”
“When this boy’s father was young, he loved the wife of his brother. This brother was lost in the forest and this man took his wife. Everybody knows this man was bad, that he killed his brother who was the favorite son. He was a good son, took care of his family, his mother and father. This bad man’s father was very sad for losing his favorite son and he went to the sorcerer. He asked the sorcerer to take away the futures of the children born to his bad son and it was done. A tribute was paid and the blood of a goat was given and the meat was eaten. Now the children die. First, the favorite son, then the others.”
She frowned and turned to look at Simon. “What do you think? Malaria, some hereditary leukemia?”
“That would only explain the how JC, not the why.”
She shrugged and turned to the dancing, as the fight between good and evil was won and the masked men slipped away into the crowd. She joined Satigi in the circle of dancers, picking up the steps quickly. Two shuffles forward, a small turn left, a full turn right, four steps forward and repeat. She nodded to Simon as she shuffled past. The singing picked up and the drumming grew louder and faster. She fell into the trance of the drums to flow with those around her.
An hour later Simon pulled her from the circle. He kept her hand in his and she left it there, conscious of the connection. They walked back along the path under the safou trees, where children played their games in the moonlight.
SIXTEEN
She woke long after dawn and went down to the slimy stream that served as the village bathroom. She washed quickly, her shirt off, her back turned. The tsetse-bite ulcers on her ankles were irritated, red, and angry. Simon sat on the opposite bank, watching her, and she frowned at him, wondering what he was doing. She turned her back and kept washing. He had disappeared when she looked again. In camp, Joseph was moving a lot slower than his usual speed.
“Does she not like you?” JC asked, as he stared morosely into his coffee cup while leaning heavily against a banana tree.
“Oh yes, she likes me. She is a big bag of happiness because she knows how fast I walk in the forest and she likes my hat.”
“Of course she likes your hat, “JC said and grabbed his face in her hands, giving him a kiss on the cheek before he could move away. “Even I like your hat.” 
She smiled at his astonishment. She was in a good mood.
He frowned at her, figuring that the jungle had obviously gotten to her. 
“Don’t panic,” he said and turned away.
Rough night, she thought.
Satigi opened a pharmacy, handing out white-coated pills, vitamins, plasters, and malaria tablets. Everybody seemed to have something wrong. A headache, boils, tropical ulcers, malaria and infections that ate the flesh from the bone. She watched a man imitating something with his hands that looked like worms. He had worms under the skin, Satigi told her, as he listened to a list of symptoms he was not qualified to diagnose. A little girl walked by, her face covered in warts and cracked blisters filled with infection. 
“What’s wrong with her?” she asked Satigi in a whisper.
“Yaws. Many children here have it. It spreads on the feet of flies and all they need to get rid of it is to wash with soap.”
By midmorning, Satigi’s surgery closed down. Simon reappeared and explained the delay with a shrug. Joseph stuffed his hat back onto his head. Beya stood up, looking happy and Yange hooted at the forest. They were ready to leave. 
There was no food left to buy in the village since government soldiers had raided it days ago. They would have to live on what was left of their supplies and what they could hunt in the forest, Simon explained as they walked. Joseph said not to worry, he could shoot a gun. Satigi laughed and said something about Joseph not being able to shoot a cow in a barn, a bird in a cage, a chicken in a bag or a snake in a box. Joseph grabbed the rifle from Simon. Ready to prove his skill, he aimed at Satigi who swerved away for cover behind a tree. The pygmies howled with laughter and Simon wrestled the gun back. With order restored, they continued, Joseph in the back, Satigi in the front.
She carried her own pack now and it slowed her down. The path grew less clear and the branches pulled at her arms, shoulders, and legs. JC watched the back of Satigi’s leg, just above his boot where a tsetse fly landed. It folded its razor wings and put its big head down and bit him. Without pausing, Satigi brought his hand back, lifted his leg up, and slapped it, killing it without losing his rhythm.
She hated those flies, more than the bees. They were big, slow, and easy to kill, but there were too many of them for it to make a difference. She looked down at her legs to where four of the long flies sat. It didn’t matter, her legs were already swollen. Simon liked them. He called them Africa’s best wildlife conservationists because they carried the trypanosome for sleeping sickness, killing cattle and people. It started with the ulcers, he said, then the fever, headaches, skin rashes, a growing indifference, irritability, mania, stupor, and then death. And she had them all, all the time, every symptom in the book. 
“Gorilla,” Joseph called from the path ahead.
He leaned over the tracks that ran across the path, his eyes wide.
“Let’s go hunt them. Make some money,” he said.
“Those are old,” Satigi said scornful. “They are not gorilla, they are chimpanzee, and you are not a hunter. Your eyes are not strong, your legs are not quiet, and your heart is not brave.”
Joseph made a noise in the bottom of his throat and spat a line of juice onto the end of Satigi’s boot. “You are jealous because the girls do not like you. You are ugly. You cannot love a girl well. Do not mock me. I am a great lover. I have no need of hunting.”
Two days later the great lover came down with malaria and they were forced to camp in a clearing for a few days. He shivered and mumbled in a semiconscious state, until his fever broke. It left him weak and unable to walk. The medicines had no effect.
She went hunting with Beya and Yange during the day and they showed her elephant tracks and elephant dung in huge steaming piles. White butterflies fed on the protein, their colorful wings making it look like a moving wedding cake.
Beya showed her a tree where the trunk was scuffed and covered in mud. He made rubbing motions and turned his left arm into a trunk. It was an elephant rubbing post. She nodded and he smiled, pleased that she understood.
They passed fruit on the ground that had been peeled and sucked dry. Beya launched himself into the position of a chimpanzee and imitated sounds that could have come from a real chimp. Yange started laughing, which only encouraged Beya and he lunged around, his knees bent. JC joined him, imitating chimp sounds, and tearing leaves off the shrubs. Yange doubled over laughing and Beya did the same until they both rolled on the ground, tears streaming from their eyes. She leaned against a tree and watched them, a smile on her face. They had laughing down to an art, she decided. 
They followed the sound of chattering mangabeys until the monkeys came into sight. Frightened, the monkeys fled, a few brave ones stopping to break off branches and fling them down at the humans. Beya pulled an arrow free, drew his arm back, and the arrow found its way straight into a furry belly. The monkeys screamed in alarm and darted higher up into the trees above. The poison worked in seconds and the monkey fell, landing with a thump on the ground to their right.
She reached it first and bent to pick it up, pausing as the small black face stared up at her. There was a time she would have hated what had just happened. She stroked the shiny black fur and nudged its hand. The tiny digits were curled in a fist as if prepared for a fight. She picked it up and carried it back.
Joseph wasn’t getting any better. He had terrible dreams. They must turn back or they would find death, he said.
She ran a hand over her head, feeling the bristles of what was left of her hair. She did that a lot lately. She was thin and pale. Dark circles under her eyes showed she wasn’t getting much sleep.
“We should go back,” Satigi said.
She was tired of the demands and the paranoia everybody seemed to breathe in with the wet air. Even Simon had been jumpy lately and she turned to see him watching her. He always looked away, his expression closed off and distant. Was he still waiting for her to give up? Everybody else was. Well, he and everybody else could go right to hell. 
 Joseph kept on about his dreams. She ignored him, only half listening to the buzz of his voice. She knew about the strong belief they had in their dreams. Simon had explained it to her back at the stream the day they had caught those strange flat fish for dinner. It was all part of their superstition, the belief that spirits ruled the natural world and were mostly malevolent. It was the only way they could explain all the wrongs done to them. The death of their children, the diseases in their infinite number, the poverty they endured, the dishonest leaders, the crops that would not grow, the rains that would not come, the thieves, the murderers and the corruption that descended on Africa like the plague itself. All of it could be explained because the spirits were always angry. The only hope was to mollify them with tributes, with sacrifices.
“We are not giving up,” she said slowly.
It was dark and they sat huddled around a fire in a small clearing. Joseph did not look up at her words. He sat shivering in his blanket, eating his stew. She looked up as Simon threw her an angry look, but she didn’t care. Sensing trouble, Satigi stood up, said good night, and crawled into the tent he shared with Joseph. The pygmies sat by the little shelter they had made for themselves. They seemed to be the only ones who didn’t believe in evil spirits of the forests. To them the forest was God. It provided everything they needed and sheltered them from all harm. They feared the harsh sunlight away from the trees.
“We have to turn back and soon, you know that.”
The words frightened her. Not so much the words, but that they came from Simon.
“No,” she said her voice emotionless.
“Joseph is not capable of much more of this. We have to get him back.”
“We can take him back to the village at the river. It’s only two days away. He can wait for us there.”
“He needs care.”
“We’ll pay one of the villagers to take care of him.”
He was quiet for a while, studying her, and she shifted, uncomfortable under his gaze.
“How much is your sister’s life worth to you?” he asked. “One life? Two? Is that the price you are willing to pay to find her?”
She stood up, wrapping her sticky blanket close around herself.
“Take him back if you want, Simon, I’m going ahead with Satigi.”
She turned away, heading for the tent. How dare he? How could anybody understand what she was going through?
Simon caught up with her and pulled her around to face him.
“Why are you willing to kill yourself to find her?”
“Let go of me.” She tried yanking her arm free, but his grip tightened. “You are hurting me.” He let her go then and she stared at him, her body shaking in anger. “You cannot understand the hell I live with every day.”
“Why?” he asked, his voice raised. “Because your mother killed herself and you think you could have done something to stop her? You overestimate your own powers, JC. When will you realize you are not in charge of the universe? You are not responsible for your sister being here anymore than you were responsible for your mother’s death.”
“Are you done?”
He stepped back, his mouth drawn in a tight angry line. She turned away and disappeared inside the tent. 
***
To avoid the bees, they woke at 4 am, drank hot coffee, and broke camp. Satigi took Joseph back to the village and the rest left in the opposite direction, the pygmies setting the usual hurried pace. Simon walked behind her, still angry.
The forest turned swampy and the day turned cold. The tall trees became scarce, replaced by smaller ones, the branches low. Gaseous mud bubbled around them ankle deep and pulled at their legs like sludge. By midday, they waded waist high through black water.
A root caught her foot sending her under. Simon grabbed her from above, pulling her up again.
“This is no time for swimming,” he said, and walked on. 
Beya stopped suddenly, motioning them to be quiet. He turned back to them and whispered something.
“Crocodiles. We will have to pass them.”
Yange and Beya moved forward, but JC didn’t budge until Simon nudged her on.
“Can’t we go another way?”
“It’s fine. Just be quiet and move slowly.”
They were a lot closer than she thought. Five sets of bulging eyes sat just above the water only 15 feet from where they were trying to sneak by. The eyes followed them as they passed and she watched them, making sure every pair of eyes was present and accounted for at all times. The worst part was not knowing if the reptiles would stay where they were or would follow them.
That night after dinner, she grabbed the flashlight and disappeared into the darkness. She was still not used to going to the bathroom between the trees. She had accepted the constant dripping of the trees. Everything she wore was always damp, moldy and smelly. Her own smell didn’t even bother her. Neither did the bees. But she hated having to go to the bathroom in the dark in a jungle crawling with bugs.
She squatted under a tree and tried hard not to think about what could be out there. It was quiet, unusually quiet for a forest at night. No owls, no insects, nothing. The absence of sound made the hair on her arms stand up. She looked around, but saw only black night and the silhouette of trees from the campfire. She could hear Beya and Yange talking. She stared into the darkness. Stop with the hysterics, she told herself. There was nothing out there.
A prick on her neck stung and she moved away from it. She had chosen the wrong place to go to the bathroom, she decided when she felt another prick on her arm. Damn thorn trees. She finished quickly and stood, pulling her pants back up. She reached down for the flashlight, watching ants walk past the tunnel of light. She picked it up and started back again. Things were crawling over her hand and she wiped it on her shirt. Something was biting her hand. She grabbed the flashlight and shone the light on her hand. It was covered in ants.
She tried to rub them off, but they stuck tight as they buried themselves in her flesh. The stinging on her neck was worse. More bites on her arm. She swung the light onto the tree above her. It was covered in a crawling blanket of ants. They were falling from the branches above her.
She screamed and ran, ripping her shirt over her head. It was covered in ants. She felt them bite her scalp and her eyelids and they crawled up her stomach and arms. She opened her mouth to scream and they marched in. She spat them out as Simon reached her and beat her back with his hands. He took off his shirt and used it to wipe the ants off her. Beya and Yange arrived with torches, running past her and setting the shrubs behind her on fire. She caught her breath, gulping air and picking the ants from her face.
“My legs,” she screamed. “Get them off my legs.”
She undid her pants, tore them off, and stood naked as Simon wiped the ants off. Beya ran back to the camp and Yange came back moments later, gesturing that they must go. Simon picked up her pants and shook them out as they ran back to the camp. Beya was pushing things into the packs.
Free of ants, she put her pants and T-shirt back on. The skin on her face and arms was red and her face starting to swell up. Simon helped her put on her pack.
“What about the tent?”
“No time.”
The fire was still burning as they walked out of camp. She looked back and watched as the black carpet marched into the firelight.
Simon handed her a torch. They changed direction twice as the column of ants blocked their way. It wasn’t until they reached the mud that she realized they were back at the swamp. A buzzing haze of mosquitoes found them, the torches doing nothing to keep them away. Beya smacked furiously away at his legs.
“Why do we have to go so far back?” she asked.
“Do you want to go to sleep wondering how close those ants are?”
“But the swamp? The mosquitoes will eat us here.”
“It’s the only place the ants can’t go.”
He picked up a handful of mud and walked over to her. “It will keep the mosquitoes from biting.”
“Is there anything left of me to eat?”
The cold black water looked more inhospitable than it had in daylight and she hesitated, wondering where the crocodiles had gotten.
“Which hurts less, being eaten alive by ants or torn apart by crocodiles?”
“You have to ask?”
She shrugged and he pushed her into the water. She walked behind Beya trying to make as little noise as possible, but her foot slipped and she stumble forward, dropping her torch. It hissed, then disappeared under the water. Something grazed past her leg and she screamed jumping back, but nothing grabbed her, bit her, or chewed her up and she was forced to keep walking. They kept going until Simon yelled something to Yange, who handed his torch to Beya and climbed up into the branches of a tree.
“This is where we sleep,” he said to answer her questioning look.
“Up there?”
“You want to keep going?”
He handed the packs up to Yange. The pygmies sat perfectly at home in the branches. She followed Simon up the tree and made it to the second branch as something splashed in the water below her.
“Waaa,” said Beya, his eyes huge as he watched the spot where a tail disappeared under the black water.
 Simon sat on a branch with his back against the trunk, a rope tied around his waist and the tree. He motioned her up and she climbed onto his branch and sat down in front of him, her back against his chest. He wrapped her in his arms and she leaned back into him as he tied the rope around her.
“You don’t have to do that. I won’t sleep,” she said.
“You will.”
Beya sat above them, swatting mosquitoes that covered his legs in swarms. Simon handed him a towel. He wrapped it around his legs. Only Yange didn’t seem to mind the mosquitoes. He found a branch wide enough to sleep on and his snoring soon competed with the frogs.
Her body started to shake as the adrenaline wore off. Simon pulled a blanket out of a pack and covered them with it.
“Does it hurt?” he asked quietly, as his fingers touched her face. The angry red skin was stretched and swollen.
“I can’t feel much right now,” she said, her teeth clenched.
It started raining just after midnight, the night sounds lost. Exhaustion finally won out and she closed her eyes.
***
A loud splash shattered the morning silence and woke Simon with a start. He felt JC jerk awake and tightened his arms around her. Together they stared down into the black water where Yange exploded from under the surface and scrambled back up the tree, a crocodile snapping the air inches from his foot.
“Waaa,” Beya said from his branch above them.
Yange kept climbing until he reached the highest branch and muttered four letter pygmy words. Simon grinned. The crocodile swam below them, his eyes above the water staring up at them, cold and emotionless. 
“We’ll never get out of this tree,” she said.
Simon reached past her into a pack and pulled out the hand gun he had given her.
“Waaa,” Beya said, his eyes round and alert as he watched Simon take aim.
He fired, hitting the crocodile. Birds burst into flight, their Kaa Kaa Kaa echoing across the water. The crocodile rolled over, churning the water and flashing his soft, white belly. Simon fired two more shots into the crocodile’s stomach before it disappeared under the water. They watched, waiting for it to surface.
“How do we know it’s dead?”
“We don’t, but now he has something to worry about besides his empty stomach.”
JC looked down at the still surface.
“What about his friends?”
“Do you see any?”
“No.”
“Then there is nothing we can do about them.”
She looked at him, wondering what kind of sense that made.
Simon and Beya were halfway back to dry land before she climbed down. They waited for her on dry ground. Simon sat on a tree stump, holding a lighter to his ankle and she bent down to see what he was doing. A fat black slug was attached to his ankle.
“What is it?” 
“A leech.”
“Does it hurt?”
He looked up at her and smiled. He reached to turn her around and lifted her T-shirt from her waist.
“You tell me,” he said. 
***
 The tent was where they had left it, the ants gone. They packed the rest of the equipment and left. Simon showed her the skeleton of a snake, its bones white and perfectly arranged. Not one frog croaked and not one bee came out to suck the sweat from them. She bet even the fleas had been cleared out. 
Yange shouted into the silence. He laughed when his words echoed back at him and shouted again. West had been his preferred direction so far, but this morning he had suddenly become adamant about going north. They left the path to cut new trail. It was hard work and slow progress. She looked at the blisters on her hands, thinking it would be her turn again soon.
At midday, they reached a stream, the water clear and cool, a welcome change from the stale supply they carried. She lay down and let the water run over her. Surrounded by the stillness and the water’s peaceful whispers she floated and shut the world out.
A foot nudged her and she looked up, thinking about telling Simon to bugger off. 
But it wasn’t Simon. 
Startled she sat up, splashing the water around her. A man in brown fatigues and gum boots stared down at her, an AK-47 in his left hand. Simon and the pygmies sat on the ground, their hands behind their heads, and six men pointing guns at them.
“Waaa,” Beya said. 
SEVENTEEN
The soldiers went through the packs taking what they wanted, including their passports. She kneeled down on the ground next to Simon, watching as they stripped him of his watch, knife, and gun.
“Who are they?” 
“I don’t know. They won’t talk to me.”
 There were seven of them, all young, looking fit and dangerous. From their belts hung machetes, and two carried grenades. All except one had an automatic machine gun. 
A soldier walked over to Simon and tapped his shoes. “They are too well armed to be thieves. Alliance troops is my guess,” Simon sighed and took his shoes off, handing them over.
The man turned his attention to her and she swallowed the lump in her throat. He was a squat, heavyset man who seemed to have the authority, even though he carried no gun. Grabbing her by the arm, he jerked her to her feet. Simon jumped up, trying to reach for her. The barrel of a gun slammed into his head and he fell hard to the ground. He swore and held his arms over his head, protecting himself from another blow. 
Stunned by the sudden violence, she yanked her arm out of the tight grip and pulled away, trying to regain control. The man put his hand over her face, yanking her back. She screamed and twisting around kicked him below his left knee. A fist slammed into her face, sending her to the ground where she lay dazed. Over the noise in her head, she heard Simon yelling, and then felt her arm twisted and pulled until she was back on her feet.
The panic exploded inside, spreading outward and beyond anything she had ever felt. Blood trickled between her lips and down her chin. He was talking to her, but she couldn’t understand and she shook her head. He shoved her to her knees. She blinked, trying to clear her blurred vision. In a slow deliberate voice, he demanded something of her. She concentrated hard, trying to ignore the pain that shot up her arm. He screamed at her and she looked at him blankly. He twisted her arm harder, then slapped her. He stared at her for a second, then released her suddenly.
She rubbed her hand and looked up from where she sat on her heels. He towered over her, thinking about something, before turning to look at Simon. She followed his gaze. Simon lay sprawled on the ground, his arms behind his back. A soldier held him down with a knee in the hollow of his back. Blood ran from a cut on his head.
***
The cool forest path felt good, the carpet of leaves soft. A white orchid grew in the fork of a tree and a yellow butterfly’s wings came alive as it flew through a shaft of sunlight. She was being forced to march through the forest with a gun as motivation, yet she was concentrating on how good it felt to walk through the forest. She had lost it, but then again, every good psychologist knew sanity was overrated, especially in the last hours of life.
They were as good as dead. It happened all the time. Isn’t that what Kevin had said? People disappeared in these forests never to be seen again. 
Simon was walking ahead of her. Beya and Yange were behind her in the line somewhere. Where were they going and why hadn’t they been killed already? Not that she was complaining, but her imagination was feeding on possibilities and the fear alone could kill her.
Her head throbbed and she could still taste blood from the open cut on her lower lip. Somebody had actually hit her. Hard. Not just a little tap, but full out hit her. The knowledge didn’t sit well in her perception of the world. It didn’t feel right. She treated victims of violence, but she wasn’t a victim and she had never wanted to vomit from pain. She had always been safe, out of reach as she sat on a chair and listened to the words come from someone else. She had seen the bruises, heard the hopelessness, but she had never felt the pain, never tasted blood.
She looked up at Simon, his shirt covered in blood from the cut on his head. His hair was caked with it, his neck crusted in red. She could smell the sickly sweetness of it.
She doubled over and turned into the bushes, her stomach heaving. A rough hand grabbed her, pulled her back onto the path, and pushed her forward. Wiping her mouth on her sleeve, she looked up at Simon’s pale face. She imitated a smile. 
The path grew wider until it opened into a clearing. The huts were big and the goats fat, but no women and no children. Only men wearing camouflage fatigues. They lounged around listening to African pop songs blasting from boom boxes. Their procession stopped outside a cement building with a corrugated tin roof and the squat man shouted orders before disappearing inside.
She dropped the pack and collapsed on top of it, but a soldier dug the end of a rifle into her side, shouting at her. She stood up again and Simon pulled her to him. They stood leaning against each other as Beya and Yange were forced forward, their feet tied together with rope.
“Why did they tie them up?”
“Because they know you can’t keep a pygmy, if he doesn’t want to be kept.”
The sun was setting, the mud walls tinged orange, when a man emerged from the cement building. He wore a crisp blue shirt, tailored pants, and shiny brown leather shoes. He wiped his hands on a napkin and finished chewing his dinner as he looked them over.
He walked over to JC and stared at her, a thoughtful expression on his face. She flinched and stopped herself from pulling away as he lifted his hand to touch her face. Simon moved as if to stop him, but the man looked at him with a silent warning, and then turned back to her. He turned her face in his hands looking at the bruise that covered her left eye, and then stepped back. He turned to the squat man as he spoke.
“I ask that you accept my apology for the behavior of my men,” he said in perfect English. “You will join me for dinner.”
He turned and walked back inside.
Simon and JC looked at each other in surprise, and then followed slowly. They were given water and towels to clean up with then shown to the dining room. He gestured with his fork for them to sit down. A plate full of roast beef and rice was put in front of them. JC picked up her knife and fork and slowly cut the meat, lifting it to her mouth, hesitating for a second before taking a bite. Her lip stung, the skin pulling apart and bleeding again.
“Why are you here?” the man asked from across the table.
She looked up. He was looking at her. She finished chewing then put her fork down on the plate.
“I am looking for my sister.”
The answer didn’t seem to surprise him. He accepted it without further questions.
“Do you know who I am?”
“Julius Kwanbasa,” Simon answered, not taking his eyes off his plate as he ate. 
 JC swiveled her head in his direction, surprised. Julius did not look happy about the answer, judging by his frown.
“How do you know this?”
“There are rumors of your whereabouts in the forests. You are very unpopular with the government. Probably has something to do with an approaching coup.” 
Simon looked up then, returning Julius’s stare without blinking. 
“What are you going to do with us?” JC asked into the silence and Julius dragged his eyes back to her.
“I have to think about it. I cannot have you running around the countryside knowing my location.”
“We don’t even know our own location,” she said around a mouthful of food, some rice flying from her mouth.
He laughed, shaking his head, and stood up.
“Think of yourselves as my guests. Now you must excuse me, I will have someone show you to your sleeping arrangements. Good night.” 
He disappeared and she sat blinking after him. She looked at Simon, who frowned at the spot where Julius had disappeared through the doorway. 
“Guests my ass.”
***
 “We are going to be famous,” she said looking around the hut. “They will ask a ransom, hold us for months and our pictures will be splashed all over the media.”
The hut had a hard mud floor and grass mats, no windows, an open doorway, and the grass thatch rustled with creatures. A candle flickered at the dark shadows and all their stuff lay on the floor, everything returned, even their money. 
“They would have kept the money if they were going to ransom us.”
The passports were missing.
Simon knelt down, going through his pack. “We cannot leave without them.”
He took his blood-soaked shirt off and threw it in a corner. She moved toward a bucket of hot water that was left for them outside the door. Taking a wash cloth, she cleaned his face and hair of dried blood before disinfecting the cut and putting a dressing on it. It was small, but deep. 
“You need stitches.”
He grunted.
She inspected the mud floor, spread out their sleeping bags over a plastic sheet, and hung the mosquito nets over them. Simon watched as she took her clothes off and wiped the dirt from her skin with the wash cloth. Her ribs stuck out and the bruises added color to her paleness. The month in the forest had been hard on her.
 “We have to leave here. I can’t waste time like this,” she said, suddenly looking up and catching him watching her.
He didn’t look away. 
“I think we should hang around a little,” he said.
“They will kill us. You heard what he said. He doesn’t want us giving away his position. If he decides to shut us up for good, we are dead.”
“He would have killed us by now.” 
“So he keeps us as dinner guests. Why?”
“I’m not sure, but I have a feeling if you want to find your sister we should stay.”
She stopped washing and turned to him, standing in her bra and panties dripping wet. “What makes you think that?” 
Simon concentrated on his words. “The man that hit you showed a lot of interest in you. Why didn’t he just kill us, and take our things? Why go to the trouble of exposing this camp to danger by bringing us here?”
She stared at him, and then turned back to the bucket. “White people make great hostages. You said that, remember?”
“She’s here.”
“How do you know?”
“I don’t. I’m guessing, like you’re guessing that she’s still alive.”
They were quiet for a while, the only sound the water as she wrung the washcloth out. He followed a drop of water down her spine. She drew the washcloth over her long legs.
She could feel his eyes on her. 
“You missed a spot,” he said. 
He took the wash cloth from her and rinsed it in the bucket. Kneeling down in front of her he slowly ran it up her leg to the crease behind her knee where the mud and dirt had collected. She stopped breathing as she felt his hands move higher. The wash cloth was cold and rough on her skin, his hands warm. She pulled away and grabbed a T-shirt from her pack, putting it on before turning to face him.
He was standing a lot closer than she had expected and her stomach exploded into nervous butterflies as his hand reached up to touch her cheek.
“Does it hurt?” he asked, following the edges of the bruise.
“A little,” she breathed.
His finger explored her face as his eyes studied her. He reached the cut on her lip and gently nudged her lips apart. “What about this?”
She shook her head slowly.
His eyes returned to hers and he closed the distance between them, kissing her. Then pulled away so fast she hadn’t even closed her eyes, hadn’t blinked. She could have imagined it. 
“I’m sorry about this,” he said, touching her bruise. “I wish I could have stopped it.”
“When are you going to learn you are not in control of the universe?” she said quietly.
He kissed her again, a little less gently this time, longer. She hadn’t imagined it. She closed her eyes and drew back. He only took it as a sign to run his mouth down her neck.
“Simon . . .”
“. . . mmm?”
His hand slid along her belly to the small of her back and pulled her toward him. He kissed the corner of her eye, her cheek, moving down until he kissed her mouth again.
She wasn’t kissing him back.
 He stopped, his eyes on hers.
“Josephine?”
She looked away. 
He sighed and turned away, scratching his beard. 
Outside the strains of African pop music got louder and shouts echoed across the camp. She walked to the door and stood looking out. 
 “I don’t know why they are so worried about us giving away their hiding place. The government soldiers just have to follow the noise.” 
She lay down on her sleeping bag, turned over a couple of times, then sat up again and reached for her boots.
“Don’t.” 
“She could be out there right now.”
“A bunch of soldiers are out there, getting drunker by the minute. Do you want to take your chances?”
She threw the boot at the wall in frustration, dislodging loose dust and straw from the ceiling. 
“We’ll find her. Let’s just stay alive until then.”
***
There was no sign of her. Two days they searched the camp, a couple of soldiers following them. They weren’t stopped and nobody bothered them. The only thing they weren’t allowed to do was leave the camp.
During the third night Simon cut the pygmies loose, paid them what was owed and watched them vanish into the forest. After their disappearance was noticed, a party of soldiers went after them. They returned empty handed, walking slowly into camp at noon a couple of days later.
The camp was like a furnace during the day, the heat bouncing off the hard-packed dirt so that it was easy to imagine things that weren’t there. The chickens had stopped scratching to lie in the shade of an olive tree. Even the flies moved in slow motion and she picked one out of the air, and then squashed it between her fingers.
She picked up the knife lying on the ground next to her and lifted her left foot onto her lap. She sat on a straw mat, digging chigoe fleas from her swollen toes. One by one, she removed the tiny black specks from under the skin with the pointed end of a knife. It was proving to be long, excruciating surgery. 
The sand in the camp was infested with the fleas. She shivered, remembering what Simon had told her about the pregnant female fleas burrowing into the skin of human feet, where they die. The eggs in their abdomens hatch as larvae and eat their way out. They drop back into the sand to start the next generation of fleas. She had turned into a flea motel overnight and she was damned if she would let the buggers stay.
An hour later, she went in search of Simon, her watchdog following. She had nicknamed him Balls, on account of his habit of scratching his privates as he walked. He was a nice enough guy, not much of a talker, but good at his job. She hadn’t escaped his sight once.
Balls slung his rifle across his shoulder and hooked his arms over it. His hands dangled free as he kept a few paces behind her. She darted behind a drum as she rounded a bend, thinking it a good time for a little game of hide and seek. He panicked and let out a shrill whistle, yelling loud enough to wake the deaf pig napping under the papaya tree. It jumped up, squealing in alarm and raced across the ground toward her and the game was over. She lost and Balls jabbed her with his gun, yelling and scratching his balls. Probably a bad case of gonorrhea. 
A soldier walked toward her, a smile on his face, and spoke to her in Lingala. She stared at him, puzzled, as he waited for an answer. Balls walked over, adjusted his privates, and exchanged a few words with the man. The man’s expression changed suddenly to astonishment and he studied her before walking away.
The soldiers seemed to accept her right to be there. They stepped aside to let her pass, their eyes respectful. They treated her like an old friend. She had asked Julius about her sister, but he wasn’t talking, at least not about her. About everything else, including the weather, but nothing about Angelina. 
She sighed. Where was Simon? Julius was expecting them for dinner again. She walked between the huts, thinking about what he had told them about himself and wondering why he bothered. 
He was born in the capital, Kinshasa. His father was a teacher, his mother a survivor, he said, making her family of eight children survive through each day in the slums of the capital by selling herself. His sisters helped the family income as soon as they turned twelve, although his youngest sister started at eleven.
He was the oldest boy and the hope of his family, appointed at an early age to pull them out of the hell they lived in. All the money his family managed to scrape together and save was used to send him to school. No electricity made doing homework hard, so he found a street light to sit under at night. That’s how he would study and if he was their hope, education was their means, but his father chose unwisely. He was not the brightest student. He often wrote words backwards and reading was hard when words swirled on the page. When test results disappointed, his father beat him for being lazy and stupid. When he fell asleep during the day, because he studied all night, his father beat him again. A kick to his head usually woke him.
His oldest sister would have been better suited for all their hopes. She taught herself to read from his books and took half the time to learn what he struggled with for hours. But she had made two big mistakes on the day of her birth. She was born a girl and she was born in Africa. Women’s work would need her attention.
Despite his learning disabilities, he picked up enough knowledge of the world to know his people were being given the short end of a very long stick. His hate for the corrupt government was born when he watched his friends die protesting the lack of teachers in their classrooms. Students often sat day after day in a classroom waiting for teachers that never showed up because the government had ‘lost’ the money to pay their wages.
At fourteen, his father was arrested and put in jail, never to be heard from again. The reason was never given. His mother wasted away of an illness that covered her body in lesions. AIDS was not yet officially recognized in Zaire.
He spoke for hours at the dinner table, about the corruption, about his plans to help change the country, and they sat listening to him, as they would tonight as soon as she found Simon.
 She took a path that veered right, passing a hut where a noisy board game was being played out with stones. Machine guns were propped up against the wall. Kalashnikovs, they called them. Simon was watching the game. 
“What are you doing?” she asked looking over his shoulder.
“Trying to find a way out,” he said, not taking his eyes off the game.
“By watching a game?”
“By listening to them talk when their guard is down.”
“Did you hear anything useful?”
“Not a thing, but the game is great. That guy with the sunglasses is incredible. I haven’t figured out all the rules yet, but I think that—”
“I think the heat has melted your brain,” she said, cutting him off. “We have to get out of here.”
“Even if we found a way past our watchdogs, we cannot leave without our passports.”
“So we just do nothing and hope our ‘host’ doesn’t get bored with our conversational skills at the dinner table? Maybe we could put on a dance number to keep things interesting.”
Still watching the game, Simon grinned. Infuriated, she spun around and walked away. He caught up with her, putting an arm around her shoulder.
“Look,” he began. “I really don’t think he intends to kill us. We would have been dead by now and look at the way the soldiers in this camp act toward you. They think they know you and you do look just like her. I still think your sister was here. Let’s just relax and let him play out his cards.”
“If she was here, why won’t he tell us?”
“I don’t know, maybe he has his reasons.”
“I’m just tired of being scared every single day. I’ve been more afraid in the last few weeks than my entire life on earth and it’s exhausting. I don’t know how much longer I can do this.”
She sighed and let him pull her into a hug, resting her head on his chest. 
“I’m just so tired,” she muffled into his neck.
“I know,” he said and rubbed her back until he felt her muscles relax under his hands. “Come on, it’s dinner time. We can’t keep our host waiting. Have you heard the one about the time St. Peter asked Jesus to guard the Pearly Gates?”
“Depends. Is it as bad as the one about the Irishman, the Englishman, and the Scotsman?”
“Bad? That was one of my best, even Julius laughed.”
“Hmm.”
Dinner was rice and chicken. Julius’s shirt was a little less crisp and his mood a little less congenial than the previous night, but still he spoke and they listened, nodding their heads at appropriate intervals.
He picked up his story where he dropped out of school after his mother’s death. He worked as a waiter at a hotel catering to foreigners. That’s where he learned to speak English.
“How did you get involved with the rebels?” JC asked, surprising him and herself with the question.
“I lost my job at the hotel. I stole a man’s wallet, they said. My uncle lived in Beni and he welcomed me when I came to his house. He helped me and I owe him much. He taught me about respect, that a man had a right to respect. He went to University in England and it was his greatest wish to see his people free of tyranny. He was a soldier with the rebels, but he was killed and I took his place in the fight against the government.”
“You are risking your life because you owe your uncle a debt?”
He smiled. “No. I respected him very much and I owe him, but I owe my people more. I fight because I believe this country needs a future better than the one it has now.”
“Do you really believe the new government will differ from the old?” Simon asked.
“You do not doubt then that there will be a new government?”
“No. The people in this country have been through too much not to want a change, but they are wrong if they think a new government will change things. Marxist ideology and a rise to power by revolution have always proved fatal.”
“A revolution is all we have left if no political parties are allowed and no elections held.”
“Will that change with the new government?”
“We must try.”
Simon shrugged. “A change in leaders is only a change in who receives the bribes and payoffs. The people will continue to struggle and the new leaders will take over the benefits the old leaders had. The corruption will continue.”
Julius was quiet, studying him.
The conversation was taking a dangerous turn. JC shifted uncomfortably in her chair, wondering if Simon had forgotten they were only meant to listen, not participate. She threw him a warning glance, but his eyes were locked with Julius. He was too far away to kick under the table.
“You are judging us by the mistakes of others,” Julius said, his voice cold. “Or maybe you are biased, like all whites.”
Simon made a noise somewhere between a laugh and a grunt. “It’s convenient to make it a racial issue, isn’t it? It gives you immunity from criticism. I was wrong in thinking you above such an easy excuse.” His eyes narrowed and his mouth drew in a tight line. 
He dropped his gaze and went back to concentrating on his food.
“It has always been a racial issue,” Julius hissed.
“Spare me the colonial guilt trip. I’ve heard it every time a politician wiped the stink of responsibility off his own ass.”
“Wow,” JC gasped before she could stop herself. Did he really just say that? 
“The new government will change this country,” Julius said from between clenched teeth. “We will build schools and universities. We will clear the land and plant crops. Every child will have food and medicine to keep it alive. And we will civilize the pygmies and give them rights. We will make a democracy of this country. You are right, first the corruption must go and the black market with it. The rest would be impossible otherwise, but we must try.”
He stopped, daring Simon to call him an idealistic fool and she could see Simon thinking about it. Maybe this would be a good time to steer the conversation in a different direction. 
“I think it would be a shame to change the pygmies,” she said, too loudly. “They should be allowed to keep their traditional way of life.”
Julius unlocked his eyes from Simon and shifted his intense gaze to her. He picked up his glass, watching her over the rim and drained it before leaning back in his chair with a smile.
She breathed again, relieved, and threw Simon a triumphant smile, but he didn’t seem grateful. In fact, he looked at her with pity and shook his head. 
“White people are fickle,” Julius said and she felt her smile fading. “First you come here and you want us to be like you,” he said, pausing. “Productive and neat is good, white people tell us. You teach us the importance of straight lines. Build your houses with straight walls. No round walls say the white people. You show us the power of money. You teach as to be ashamed of our bodies. We must wear clothes that are too hot for our days. We must speak your language and eat your food and pray to your God. Your God is the true one, he is wiser and kinder, you say, and then you sell our people into slavery and your God allows it.”
“Sins of the father,” she cut in, trying to regain some ground. “A generation should not be held responsible for what the generation before it did.”
“I agree.”
Thank God, she thought. 
 “Do you agree then that every generation must be held responsible for itself.”
“Yes, absolutely.”
“So it is a new day and all is forgiven. Now you say we must keep our culture.”
He was starting to make sense, but still she looked at Simon for any sign that she was stepping in a mine field. Simon shrugged. Fat help he was. She knew Julius was setting her up somehow. The expression in his eye was too calculated, his tone too passive, but what the hell, she had a feeling it was too late anyway. 
“It would be sad for your country to lose its culture,” she said carefully. “It’s the differences between cultures that make them interesting.” 
“Why?”
“Why what? I don’t understand.”
“Why must we keep our culture?”
She didn’t know how to respond.
Julius smiled slowly and she didn’t like that smile one bit. It meant she had walked right into his trap. He had just exposed a hidden prejudice she couldn’t see and she was confident that he was about to point it out for her. 
“It would be sad for us to lose our culture,” he echoed. “Now I think to myself, I hear this a lot from white people. Why are these wazungus saying this? Many times I have asked myself, what do these white people want now? Always it is something they want, and one day I see it. You know what I see?”
She shook her head slowly, hearing alarms go off in her mind and resigning herself to the ass whipping she was about to get.
“I see a big shiny bus full of tourists, Americans, Germans, Japanese, it does not matter. They climb down from their air-conditioned bus and they all wear T-shirts, shorts, baseball caps and white Nike sneakers. They all look the same. If they did not speak, you cannot see who the American is and who is the German. They point their Canon cameras at us and their Sony video cameras and they take pictures. You know what they were taking pictures of?” he asked and paused to look at her, waiting for a response.
She said nothing, not wanting to help him dig her grave.
“They are taking pictures of warriors dressed in traditional clothes and masks. They take pictures of our spears and our cows and our round huts. They want to see us sit on the ground next to a fire and they pay us to dance like we used to. They like it when we beat a drum and sing our songs. They do not want us in T-shirts and square houses like them. That is not a good ‘Kodak moment.’ It is ‘Nothing to write home about.’ They are bored, you see. Bored with the food that is the same everywhere and the clothes and the square houses. Now it is good that we are different. Not because it is good that there is difference in the world, but because they are bored with the sameness of their own world. How sad. White people are bored. It is terrible. We must help them and go back to our old ways so we can entertain them. That is our purpose, is it not? We did not lose our culture. It was forced from us.” 
He hesitated, the silence in the room heavy as his left hand drew circles on the table. She watched his long thin fingers, knowing she was a sucker for punishment.
“Tell me, Dr. Carter,” he said slowly, “do you think a man should be allowed to have more than one wife?”
“No. But I think—”
“Do you think that women in Africa should have more rights and do less work in the home?”
 “Yes. But I—” 
 “Do you believe in genital circumcision for women?”
 “No. I—”
 “Do you believe that gorilla meat gives a man the strength of the gorilla?”
 “No.” 
 “Neither do the missionaries that give us medicine or the politicians that give us aid. Our politicians are told to make laws that protect the gorillas. They are told to stop the circumcisions. White people think it cruel, but white people circumcise boys. This is not stopped. It is part of their culture. The First Lady of the United States comes to Africa and she says we must promote women’s rights. Our women must be allowed to work outside the home, so our children can grow up with strangers like theirs. We must have only one wife, they say. We must not kill the wild animals because they like to look at them, but we eat elephant meat and gorilla meat. It is part of our culture. They like our culture, but they like our animals more, because they have killed theirs. They have chopped down their forests to plant fields to grow food, but we must keep ours so they can come see them. It looks good for investors, the politicians say. It would be good for business, the World Bank says. If we want to eat, then we must be good for business. Do not say we were not forced out of our culture,” he said, his voice raised. “We are still being forced, every day. “
She opened her mouth to say something, but he held up his hand, silencing her.
“You say we are confusing. You do not understand us . . . hah! I say the same to you. White people . . . sheesh. I see the TV crews from the West come to film documentaries. They are looking for tribes unaffected by Western influence so they can film them. I laugh. That is like asking to find a tribe not affected by gonorrhea or syphilis. You care nothing of our culture. How can you ask us to return to our old ways? It is like asking Africa to be a virgin again after you have sold her to a whorehouse.”
He shoved his chair back, stood up and walked to the window, pushed his hands into his pockets. He stared out to where a group of men sat around a fire eating and talking. 
JC glanced at Simon. He was watching her in silence, and she frowned at him, thinking she could have used some help. 
She stood up and excused herself.
***
Thunder rumbled across the sky and the trees bent and swayed in the wind as Simon watched her walk toward the hut. She ignored the hard rain. There were no forest trees to soften the sting and large drops slapped the hard-packed earth. Orange streams of water dug the soil loose and carried it down gullies that grew deeper every minute. The rain raised the smell of urine and chicken shit.
 The wind changed direction suddenly, showering him as he stood in the doorway and he withdrew slightly. She stopped in front of him, just under the roof’s runoff and let the stream of water wash over her. She smiled and slipped past him into the hut. Returning with some soap, she washed herself in the rain.
Standing naked in the hut after her shower, she wrung out her clothes and added them to the pile waiting for the sun to dry them. It looked like Simon did some washing while she was out playing card games with the boys. She still had a good buzz going from the palm wine.
She slipped some dry clothes on and joined Simon as he stared out at the storm.
“Is this officially the rainy season now?”
“It’s still a little early but not impossible.”
“Satigi will be ticked.”
Simon grinned. “How much did you lose to the boys?”
“Ten dollars,” she mumbled, frowning.
A dog trotted by, stopping to sniff in their direction, but keeping a respectful distance. It was thin, its ribs obvious under the wet fur, and its ears had chunks missing.
“What happened to his ears?”
“He ate chickens. Every time he gets caught eating a chicken he gets beaten, and they cut a chunk out of his ear.”
“It won’t stop him from killing a chicken again.”
“It’s more a way of keeping track of his chicken killing. The more chunks he gets cut out, the closer he gets to his own death. Chickens are valuable around here. They cannot afford to have a dog that makes a habit of killing them. This guy is close to his end.”
The dog tucked his tail further between his legs and slunk away. He kept turning his head back to make sure they were not coming after him.
She turned to Simon and noticed for the first time that he had shaved his beard off. It was too bad. She had grown to like it. Now he looked more like the Simon she had first met. Except for his hair. He had curls that would make a poodle jealous. He needed a haircut, badly.
He was staring out at the rain, his expression guarded. She wondered what was going on in his head, and then smiled at herself. She couldn’t help it, psychoanalyzing people was a habit. He wore his shirt open, exposing his flat hard stomach and his jeans hung low and loose on his hips. She looked up and saw that he was watching her, a lopsided grin on his face, his eyes intense. She smiled and, shrugging, turned back to watching the rain.
***
He hadn’t tried to kiss her again after that first time. He thought about it all the time, but mostly in quiet moments like this when she was close enough to touch. He wanted to reach out, but didn’t. It wasn’t the time or the place.
There was too much going on. When he did reach for her, he didn’t want her to be thinking about anything else.
He moved away from her, not trusting himself. His mother had always accused him of doing things without thinking. Like the time he was fourteen, when he and his brother went down to the river on a hot day. He jumped off a cliff into the pool below. The one his parents had warned them about. He did it several times, his brother watching, shaking his head in fear every time Simon goaded him to jump. Mark was afraid. So he stood with his brother on that cliff, telling him not to think about it, to simply jump. But he didn’t want to. So Simon pushed him. Only he pushed too hard and Mark hit the rocks that hid under the water. 
Then there was the time he married that girl. He wasn’t even drunk when he did it.
She was beautiful.
It didn’t matter that they were both only eighteen, not yet out of high school. It didn’t matter that she liked Tiffany jewelry and china plates, expensive horses and a red wine he couldn’t pronounce and couldn’t afford. It didn’t matter that she only bought clothes with designer names and only wore high-heeled shoes. It didn’t matter that he had only met her two days before they were married.
She was beautiful.
So he married her. In the end, what mattered was that she wouldn’t come to Africa. She hated it. She wanted him to stay in London. They were divorced two weeks after they were married. 
He sighed and looked over at JC. 
She was beautiful.
She was also very determined to kill herself. To her, things were simple. She wanted to find her sister. She would do whatever it took, but she didn’t know the price, couldn’t know until after she paid it. He hoped their luck would hold.
They were standing in the middle of a rebel stronghold and she was oblivious to the danger. He envied her that. He knew she coped by rejecting the probabilities, refusing to consider, even for a moment, that they might never find her sister. The facts had looked pretty damning in the beginning. He hadn’t walked into the forest thinking they would walk out with her sister alive, but she did.
If she had doubts, she wasn’t letting anyone know it. Most of all herself. He had to admit she might have a lot more to hang her hopes on than he had thought in the beginning. Julius was holding out on them.
A line of soldiers emerged from the forest as they did every day. They walked up the path and wound their way through the huts. Three days now, he saw them leave. A few left to hunt for food and they returned, but most would leave and not return. The camp was emptying fast.
The new arrivals surprised him as they walked slowly past in their combat boots and fatigues, their heads down shielding their eyes from the rain. They carried AK-47s, their hats pulled low over their eyes. As the last soldier drew parallel to their hut, he looked up at them and stopped. It was hard to make out a face under the hat, the rain dripping off it.
The soldier moved closer, stopping in front of JC as she moved back. They stared at each other, and then the soldier spoke.
“Hello, Josephine.” 
EIGHTEEN
JC didn’t move at first, and then her hand reached up and slowly pulled the soldier’s hat off. Her own face looked back at her. She could feel the tears run down her cheeks. Just like that, her sister walked back into her life, as if it was the easiest thing in the world and none of the past mattered for anything. She flung herself forward, holding her tight.
She knew it, never doubted it for a second. Everything was going to be okay now. She had her back. They would go home and Angelina would stay this time. She felt her soul relax. Her sister was here and she was alive and life as she knew it would go back to normal.
Slowly, Angelina pulled away. “You shouldn’t have come.”
It was the last thing JC had expected to hear.
“I shouldn’t have come,” she echoed. “What are you talking about? You needed help.”
Thunder rumbled down on their heads and the wind shifted, bringing the rain in under the roof.
“Come inside,” JC said, walking her toward the hut.
Angelina hesitated, pulling back slightly before relenting. A puddle formed on the dirt floor around her. She dropped her pack on the ground and propped a machine gun against the wall. JC stared at it, wondering about its presence and handed Angelina a towel, her eyes still on the gun.
Simon waited outside under the roof while Angelina changed into dry clothes and JC, suddenly nervous, busied herself making tea. The portable stove wouldn’t light. She tried again, lighting a third match. Her hands were shaking badly and she gave up, folding her arms and watching her sister. She had so many questions. Her emotions raged between insane happiness and tearing anger. Why had Angelina not looked happy to see her? She knew happy when she saw it, and her sister was not happy. She watched her dry her hair on a towel, and wondered why she seemed so different.
Maybe it was the way she moved so slowly, almost deliberately. It wasn’t like her. She had always been in constant motion, her eyes direct. Maybe it was her eyes that had changed the most. There was a look in them she hardly recognized, a hard, calculated look. Angelina looked around the hut, at the rain, at Simon, but never at her. That scared her.
She could fix it, she told herself. She could fix anything now. They would find a way through it together, whatever it was that Angelina was dealing with. What had Julius done to her? Why did she carry a gun? 
Simon came in, took the matches from her numb fingers, and lit the stove. He boiled water and rummaged in his pack for tea bags. Taking some tin cups, he asked Angelina how much sugar she took.
“No sugar,” she said.
At least that hadn’t changed, JC thought, as Angelina held the towel out for her to take. She reached for the towel and stopped suddenly, staring at Angelina’s hands. They were covered in blisters, the skin red and purple from burns. 
“My God, what happened to your hands?”
JC made a move toward her, but Angelina moved away, dropping the towel on a sleeping bag. 
“It’s a long story,” she said. “You probably know some of it or you wouldn’t have found me.”
“Not enough to know why you aren’t happy to see me.” 
“Josie, don’t,” she said, using JC’s childhood nickname. She sighed, smiling weakly. “How did you find me?” 
“Luck, and a couple of little guys showed us the way.”
“Pygmies,” she nodded. ”They could track an ant through this place.” 
Angelina accepted a cup of tea from Simon, and JC’s eyes returned to her sister’s hands as they wrapped around the cup. 
“What happened, Angelina?”
“Give her a minute,” Simon frowned.
“It’s okay. I do owe you an explanation.” She paused, took a sip of the tea, and stood looking out at the rain. 
“I guess it all started at the camp in Goma. It went wrong from the beginning because it wasn’t like any of the other camps I had worked before. It wasn’t just about giving the refugees food and medicine and making sure they had the basics. I tried to keep myself detached from the politics, but it’s hard when you have to sit and watch a couple of bullies with guns steal food from a child.” She flicked a look at JC before turning to look out at the rain. “I became very unpopular with the Rwanda militias for standing up to them. Kevin threatened to ship me out, but I talked him out of it and he let me stay, until I shot a man. That freaked him out,” she said quietly.
“I know. Joseph told me what happened.”
Angelina looked at her, a glimmer of a smile on her face.
“How is Joseph? Does he still wear my hat?”
JC smiled. “He still has the hat.”
Angelina continued, “Not long after Kevin transferred me to Mugunga, I heard about some refugees hiding out in the mountains. It wasn’t the first time we had gone out to look for refugees. We did it all the time. I would do anything to have that day back to do over again.” She stopped and sat down next to JC. “I killed her.”
“Killed who?”
“Karen.”
“No, you didn’t,” JC said quietly, “it wasn’t your fault.”
Angelina looked at her, a strange smile on her face and JC’s heart skipped a beat. It was the same look she had seen on countless refugees, a look devoid of hope.
“You don’t understand,” Angelina whispered. “They—.” she stopped, took a deep breath, tried again. “They poured gasoline over her. Soaked her hair and her clothes and she started to cry, pleading with them. They gave me a gun, told me to shoot her. It had one bullet in it and they told me not to get any ideas, that if I shot one of them the others would light the match and I would watch her burn alive. They made her kneel down in front of me and they made me hold the gun to her head. She was crying. She begged me not to do it. I screamed at them and threw the gun on the ground and they lit the match and threw it at her. She screamed and rolled on the floor, but the flames were so big I couldn’t put them out. She was screaming.” Angelina looked down at her hands. “They laughed. They watched her burn and laughed. I hear it every night when I sleep. I smell her flesh burning, I smell the gasoline. Every night I watch her burn. Every night I see her eyes beg me to stop the pain and I hear her screaming.”
JC reached over to hold her hand. 
“So I did,” she said, her voice empty of any emotion. “I picked up the gun and I shot her in the head. The screaming stopped.”
***
JC had fallen asleep sometime after midnight, and she lay on her side facing the wall. Simon watched her sleeping for a moment before turning back to Angelina. They were almost identical, he thought. Angelina was a little taller, her hair longer now but still shorter than he remembered it had been. Her mouth was fuller, her chin a little less stubborn, but they were the same. 
“Why are you here?” she asked softly.
“I’d like to think I’m helping her.”
She laughed. “You were always very helpful, Simon.” She paused and pulled her hair out of her face. “Does she know?”
“Which part? That I made a total fool of myself every time I was near you, or that you could never even remember my name?” He paused, rubbing his hand over his face. “No, she doesn’t know that I loved you.”
She smiled, turning her head away, looking up to where the clouds moved across the moon. “It was many things, Simon, but never love.”
Angelina turned back, looking to where JC lay sleeping.
“She’s not me, Simon.”
“I know that.”
“Why then?”
“I‘ve been getting that question a lot.”
“You should have an answer then.”
Simon didn’t give her one. She shrugged and moved outside into the cool air, the wet grass tickling her feet as she walked. The camp was silent for a change, almost empty now. She stopped under the mango tree and watched the fruit bats feeding. 
“I couldn’t let her go on her own,” he said from behind her.
She hadn’t heard him approach, had almost forgotten what they were talking about.
“Her stubbornness alone would kill her.”
“You didn’t come for me then?”
He shook his head, but she didn’t see the movement in the dark. “Disappointed?”
“Disbelieving.”
She had always been too good at truth. “Are you going to be all right?” he asked.
“What do you think?”
He smiled, reaching up and running his hand down the side of her face. She leaned into his hand, closing her eyes. “I could never have made you happy, Simon.”
“You should have let me be the judge of that.”
She straightened, pulling away. “Promise me something.”
“Anything.”
“Get her out of here.”
She turned away then, walking into the night. The full moon threw shadows across the grass. Crickets pierced the quiet and a dog barked, disturbing the silence. He watched as she walked toward Julius’s house. Light from a candle flickered through a window. She knocked, but didn’t wait for a reply and disappeared inside. He waited for her to come out.
She didn’t. 
An owl’s plaintive call drew his attention, and he searched the dark trees, looking for white feathers but didn’t find any. The owl didn’t repeat its call, and he frowned, thinking it strange. He walked back to the hut, scanning the trees.
***
 “Where is Angelina?”
He stood shaving outside the hut, the white foam half scraped off his face. His eyes caught JC’s in the mirror that hung on the wall above the basin. Her eyes were red and swollen, her voice edged with fear. He put down his razor and turned to look at her, wiping his hands on the towel slung over his shoulder. He looked past her toward Julius’s house as Angelina stepped out and walked toward them. JC turned to see what he was looking at. 
“Good morning,” Angelina smiled.
JC hugged her, making sure she was real. “Where did you go?”
Angelina pulled away, leaving JC with a strange uncomfortable feeling in the pit of her stomach.
She watched her sister intently, trying to make sense of the distance she kept between them. They had always been close, even if they hadn’t seen each other in years. They always picked up where they left off. She’s been through a lot, JC told herself. She would need time. 
“Let’s go for a walk,” Angelina said and started down a path, stopping when JC didn’t follow her.
“It’s okay.” 
Angelina was right. They reached the tree line and no one shouted for them to stop. She walked looking behind her, waiting for Balls to leap out from behind a bush and crack her skull, but he didn’t and no one followed. They walked in silence along a path that wound its way between the giant trees, stepping over huge green fruit the size of bowling balls. 
“The elephants eat these,” JC said. 
Angelina threw her a surprised look.
They walked to a spot surrounded by bamboo, shiny-leafed bushes, and plants with red blossoms. A shaft of light beamed down at an angle from a gap in the canopy, insects whirled in the sun, their wings catching fire. To the left of where they stood, a red termite heap reached up like a finger to touch the sky. 
“Did you know that in a single-mile patch of this rain forest there are 150 different butterfly species?” Angelina said in wonder, her eyes following a fluttering red one.
“No. That I didn’t know.” JC smiled, happy to see a part of Angelina she recognized.
They sat down on the giant roots of a tree and listened to the far whistles of monkeys.
“Blue faced monkeys,” JC said, recognizing their warning calls.
Angelina smiled. “Since when do you know the call of a blue faced monkey or what elephants like to eat?”
“Since Simon told me for the fifth time,” she smiled and shrugged. ”I’m here. I might as well learn something.”
The silence stretched between them.
“It’s because of Mom, isn’t it?” Angelina finally said.
“What?”
“You came because you still feel guilty about Mom.”
“I came because you needed help.” She stood up and walked over to a bush, plucking a waxy leaf from its stem. “What was I supposed to do? Just ignore the fact that you were missing and wait for you to show up?”
“You have before.”
“This is different.”
“How?”
“Christ, I don’t know. Maybe the shot and burned body made a difference. You’re my sister. I love you and you’re the only family I have left. It wasn’t a choice, Angelina.”
“You could have been killed.”
“Me!” she rounded on her sister, her voice rising. “I could have been killed? What do you think goes through my mind every time you come to one of these third world countries in the middle of some fucking war?” She stopped suddenly and turned away, waiting for her temper to dissipate and looked down at the leaf in her hand. 
 “Every inch of my body is covered in bites. I have smells I didn’t know existed. I lost my hair to lice and my dignity to bugs and animals that scare the living daylights out of me a hundred times a day. But above all this, I have lost my sanity because when I finally find you, all you can say is I shouldn’t have come because I could have been killed.” She stopped again and. lowering her voice, said, “Did you ever wonder what it is like to be afraid of losing the only family you have left in the world?” She sighed, knowing it was no good. In some ways, her sister hadn’t changed at all. “I found you. That’s all that matters.”
 Angelina looked away as JC turned back to her. 
“Was it very hard?” Angelina asked.
“It wasn’t pretty,” JC said running a hand over her head.
Angelina laughed, but her laugh was flat, devoid of humor and it made JC wince. She had always loved Angelina’s laugh. She would laugh from her belly with complete and utter joy not caring that it carried to everyone around them.
“I am sorry, Josie.”
“I just want you home, Angie,” she said slowly. ”I don’t want to have to worry about you anymore. I’m tired of losing you every time you leave the country.”
“I’m always going to be your sister, and I never asked you to worry. You took that on yourself. You aren’t responsible for what happens to me.”
“No, but being your sister entitles me to a lifetime of meddling.”
She dropped the leaf on the ground next to a giant millipede and bent down to take a closer look as it barreled over the ground.
“Don’t touch it,” Angelina said as JC reached to pick it up. “It’s poisonous.”
“Of course, it is. Everything else in this forest is, why wouldn’t it be? Poisonous leaves, poisonous millipedes and poisonous people.”
“What happened to your fear of bugs?”
“I got tired of it. Too many bugs to be afraid of.” 
She sensed there was something her sister was not telling her and it bothered her because they had always been able to talk to each other about anything. The more important it was, the faster they would share it with each other. Now, her sister even avoided looking at her. It made her feel shut out and very alone. 
“How come the guards didn’t stop us from leaving the camp?”
“Julius didn’t want you to leave without seeing me first, that’s the only reason he had you guarded.”
“That explains why we weren’t allowed to leave, but it doesn’t tell me why you are.”
 “Maybe because he knows I won’t leave.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“It means I was never a prisoner here.”
“So why didn’t he just tell us that you would be here in a few days? I would have waited.”
“Julius knew I didn’t want to be found. He respected that and sent me a message.”
“You didn’t want to be found?”
“I wasn’t sure if the militia men who killed Karen had given up.”
“I don’t look like a militia man. In fact, some would say I look a lot like you. He knew who I was. Where were you and what the hell are you doing here if they aren’t forcing you to stay?”
“There is another camp further west which is safer. The fleas haven’t invaded it yet.”
Angelina stood up and picked up a stick. She slapped it against her leg as she walked down the path toward the village.
 “You are going to have to tell me sometime,” JC called out after her.
Angelina stopped and turned. “Tell you what?”
“Why you stayed.”
“That’s easy. I stayed because I wanted to.”
She walked away.
***
Simon held a spoon up in front of JC. “Taste this.”
Obediently she opened her mouth and let him feed her. He had cooked stew for dinner. 
“What is it?” she asked, distracted.
“Rat.”
“Mmm, it’s good.” 
Simon watched her but it was the only reaction she gave to the stew, so he turned back to the cooking pot simmering over the open fire. It was the first night they had not been invited to dinner.
She sat on a log watching Julius’s house where Angelina had been since six. It was probably close to ten by now. 
“What is taking so long?” JC asked.
“What is taking who so long?”
“Angelina has been in there for hours asking Julius when we can leave.”
Simon picked up a stick, hooked it under the pot handle, and lifted the stew off the fire. He covered the pot with a giant leaf, using it as a lid.
“We can leave anytime we want. Julius told me this morning. We are no longer his guests. I think he hurt my feelings, but I can’t be sure.”
“What! When were you going to tell me this?”
“I thought Angelina did.”
“Why would she tell me?”
Simon looked away. “Maybe you should ask her that.”
“Maybe I will.”
He looked to her, stirring his rat stew. “Whatever you girls talked about this morning, it wasn’t the important things.”
She looked at him, with a blank expression on her face.
“She’s not coming out,” he lifted the spoon, tasting it. “Not till morning.”
She stood frowning at him, watching as he added more salt, and wishing he would take the words back. She didn’t want to hear it out loud, as if hearing made it official, no longer just a suspicion.
“You know it’s true.”
“I’m just not ready to deal with it, okay.”
He shrugged, turning back to his stirring. 
She sat on a tree stump by the fire long past midnight. She stood up a couple of times, walked over to Julius’s house, only to turn away again.
Why didn’t she tell me? JC asked herself. She reached over to the pile of wood that Simon had dumped next to her and put a log on the fire. She pulled her blanket closer and took a sip of hot tea, burning her tongue. An owl in a nearby tree called out a long warning, hoo hoo - hoo hoo, and then was quiet again.
Simon sat on the ground at her feet, leaning back against her legs. She liked the warmth of his body and ran her hand through his hair, twisting her fingers gently around it. It was soft, like the hair on a doll she had growing up. Curly and blond. She had cut the doll’s hair short and waited all summer for it to grow back, but it never did. She threw it out and Angelina found it. She kept the doll, cleaned it up and played with it until JC decided she wanted it back. It had suddenly seemed interesting again. Only Angelina wouldn’t give it back and hit her on the head with a baseball bat when she tried taking it.
She smiled at the memory.
“I don’t understand any of this,” she said softly. “I used to know everything about her. I used to guess what she would say before she said it. I knew her hopes, her loves, and her bad tempers. When our mother died, we sat through the night talking. We talked about everything, we shared it all. Now she doesn’t even look at me. She won’t let me in. Today, when we went on the walk, she was sitting right next to me in the forest. I could see her and hear her, reach out and touch her, but the ache of missing her was still there, and that scares the hell out of me.”
“People change,” he sighed. “We grow up. It changes us. She’s been through a lot. You both need time to recognize each other again.”
 She stared at the fire, feeling deep down that time was the one thing they didn’t have. 
“I don’t know anymore. The past few nights I keep having the same bad dream. Only I can’t remember it, just the feeling it leaves me with. It’s the feeling I would get when I wrote an exam and I thought I would never finish on time. Just before time is up I find a page I missed, but I have no more time left to do it. It’s that feeling of utter panic when time is up. I have a feeling ours is too. We have to get out of here.”
Simon lifted his head to look at her, a frown on his face. “Dreams, JC?” he asked, a smile creeping over his face.
“What?”
He put his head back down against her leg. “You are starting to sound like Joseph.”
She said nothing, just looked at the house.
***
Crossing the distance with long strides, she moved toward Julius’s house, knocked on the door and waited. Simon watched her from the hut’s door. He smiled to himself. He knew that look. She had woken him early. They were leaving today, she told him, and began throwing everything in the packs.
The fire outside the hut was still burning, which meant she hadn’t slept. With a shake of his head, he set the coffee pot on the hot coals and looked up to where she stood scowling at the door, a frown planted on her face. Her arms were crossed in determination when Julius opened the door and stepped aside, gesturing for her to come in.
He wore no shirt and she hesitated for a second, thrown off by the sight of a jagged pink scar that slashed from his right shoulder to the middle of his chest. The contrast to his dark black skin made the scar more startling. Averting her eyes, she stepped past him.
Inside, Angelina sat on a grass mat wrapped in a blanket. On the table across the room, flies buzzed around leftover meat. 
“Good morning, Josie.”
JC turned to her sister who looked at her for a second before shifting her eyes to Julius. He gave Angelina a reassuring smile which seemed to make her feel better.
“We’re leaving,” JC said, trying to keep the anger out of her voice. She glared at Julius, daring him to say anything. 
He pulled a shirt off the back of a chair and turned away to stand at the window slipping his arms into the sleeves. 
“I’m not going with you,” Angelina said quietly.
JC’s eyes snapped back to her sister. 
“Of course, you’re going,” she said, the blood draining from her head, leaving her face white.
Her mind screamed with denial. This couldn’t be happening. She couldn’t be losing her sister again. She wouldn’t let this happen.
 “I need to speak to my sister,” she said turning to Julius. He looked at her, his eyes never wavering. “Alone.” 
His gaze shifted to Angelina, searching for some kind of answer before turning to leave and closing the door behind him.
She pulled a chair over and sat down facing Angelina. Choosing her words carefully, she tried to find a neutral tone of voice. 
“Angelina, what you are feeling right now is a normal human reaction to an extremely traumatic event. You have to know that it won’t last. I will help you, I promise. You don’t have to deal with this alone and you will recover to lead a normal life again.”
“Josie, stop,” Angelina snapped. “I’m not one of your patients, so it’s not going to work. I love him.”
Silence stretched between them, and something broke inside JC. Maybe it was the look she recognized in her sister’s eyes. She knew there was no way around it. She wasn’t going to be able to talk her way through it. She was tired. She hadn’t slept for worry, everything was for nothing. She stood up violently, the chair falling over. Angelina flinched and it gave JC a perverse satisfaction.
“How can you love him? Jesus Christ, he’s a terrorist.”
None of it made sense. Everything her sister said and did made no sense. 
“Is that really what bothers you about him?”
“What bothers me about him is that he took advantage of you when you were vulnerable. Can’t you see that?”
“It’s because he’s black, isn’t it?”
JC inhaled sharply as the words penetrated her anger. “That’s unfair.”
JC watched her pick at a piece of thread from the blanket, her burnt hands moving stiffly.
“You love him?” she snapped and paced in front of her sister, her arms folded. “The man is a wanted terrorist and he held you hostage. He is hiding out waiting for his war to begin. A civil war. If he is lucky enough to live through this one, he may not live through the next and you know another one will follow. This is Africa, Angelina.”
She stopped pacing and sat down again. She studied the floor, knowing her anger was doing no good.
“Female hostages are known to fall in love with their captors or to conform to their beliefs, it’s called—”
“I was never a hostage, Josie.”
Maybe a practical approach would work. 
“What are you going to do while he fights his war? What about your work with the aid organizations? ”
Angelina laughed, a dark sound full of disgust. 
“Humanity has failed my pathetic idealism,” she said and looked up. “They are feeding killers. What is so noble about that? I poured my heart and soul into helping those refugees and they tried to kill me.”
The sadness in her voice twisted JC’s feelings in a knot. Angelina stood up and walked over to the window and JC waited, watching her, not sure how to respond. Her sister had always supported the underdog. At school, it was Erwin Schmindsky, a skinny kid who always got beat on by the others because he told on them. When Fred Myers got into trouble for stealing the principal’s agenda book, it was Erwin who told on him. So Fred cornered him, broke his nose, and would have broken his arm too, if Angelina hadn’t stepped in. She didn’t give up on him, not even when he told on her for skipping class. It was just the way she was. 
“You fed women and children too. They were innocent.”
“Bullshit. Those women and children belong to the killers. Innocence doesn’t exist here,” Angelina said slowly. “There is no space for it. No need for it.”
“I don’t believe that,” JC breathed.
“Stay a while, you will learn. You should know what living with this kind of brutal violence will do to the personality of a child. You studied this, didn’t you? Think of all these children, their minds not formed yet, growing up with violence. Seeing their friends and family die, or worse, watching the people they love slaughtering their neighbors, the kids they used to play with every day. Their initiative is stunted and their trust in others doesn’t stand a chance. How long does it take before they lose the connection to humanity? They have no sense of being an individual because they learn from day one their strength is in numbers.”
“Angie, stop. Come home with me. I’ll help you get through this.”
“No!” she snapped turning on JC. “You can’t help me through it.” She was breathing hard, the sound loud in the silence of the room. “Don’t you see?” she sneered. “I know what’s left when the sweet innocent child is all grown up. The pack is left. A mindless mob born into hatred, who is asked by the rest of the world to bury the hatchet, along with all those massacred. Only it doesn’t work that way. You can’t bury the fear or the truth. One will always survive and it’s usually fear, because truth is weak here. The children are grown for killing. What a fucking surprise and nobody understands why it happens or how. Bullshit! Nobody wants to know. It’s just easier that way,” she spat, her eyes burning with rage.
JC sat stunned, not knowing the total stranger whose eyes blazed at her with anger. “And how is Julius any different?” she asked.
Angelina turned away, closing her eyes as tears fell down her cheeks. “Maybe he isn’t,” she said, her voice sad.
She sighed and reached for a half-smoked cigarette on the table. She lit it, her hands shaking. JC forced herself to be quiet and kept any expression of disbelief from her face. Angelina watched her for a reaction and smiled when she said nothing.
They watched each other, one trying to find understanding, one trying to find hope.
“Don’t look at me like that, Josie. I haven’t completely gone off the deep end. I just need some time to figure things out. I’ll come to terms with it all someday, but not if I leave. None of it means I’ve given up. I’m just not the idealistic fool I used to be.”
“What will you do?”
“I still want to open an orphanage,” she said. ”The children here have seen more than any child should ever see. They need help. I can’t pretend to think anything I do will change what they are, but I have to try. They just can’t break my heart anymore.”
“What about me? Will I ever get to see you again?” 
Angelina reached out a cold hand to her. “You can help me,” she said, her voice edged with hope.
“I want to help you.”
“I want you to help me with the children,” she said and pulled her hand away, pacing again. “You did your thesis on trauma related to children. You must have seen the kids at the camps. They need help more than any of your rich Hollywood patients.”
“No,” JC said, shaking her head. “There is no way in hell I’m moving to this place. No. Forget it.”
Angelina looked at the floor, nodding her head. The small smile on her face did nothing to hide the disappointment. 
“Please, Angelina, come home with me,” she tried one last time.
Her sister looked up, her eyes filled with sadness.
“I can’t,” she said and turned back to the window.
JC walked out, closing the door behind her. 
***
They came after midnight, after the moon had hidden behind the clouds and the shadows were swallowed in blackness. The wind streaked through the trees, hiding the sound of a twig snapping under a boot. No one heard the guard falling to the ground. The dogs barked but nobody paid them any attention. They had been barking at the wind all night.
An owl watched from a tree, his feathers ruffled as a line of men walked slowly under him. As the figures wound their way through the camp, he risked the strong winds and zigzagged through the trees.
She woke as Simon shook her in the dark, a hand over her mouth. She struggled, trying to pull away.
“Listen to me,” he said, his voice low and tense. “Take this and the second I tell you to run, you head for the trees and don’t stop. I’ll find you. Keep your head low.”
He thrust the gun at her hand. She sat up in confusion, trying to get a grip on his odd behavior.
“What . . .” she started, but he cut her off by applying more pressure to her mouth with his hand. He forced her back down on the ground with a vicious push.
A second later, an explosion ripped through the camp followed by screams and gunfire. Suddenly she realized what was happening and her body kicked out a lethal dose of adrenaline. Bullets ripped through the mud wall. Panic set in. She fought to stand, but he lay on top of her, holding her down, his weight forcing the air out of her lungs. The bullets sent a shower of dirt through the hut, stinging exposed flesh. It stopped suddenly and Simon jumped up, pulling her with him. They ran through the door and Simon let go of her hand.
“Run,” he yelled before launching himself at the figure with an automatic rifle, his knife raised.
As they rolled on the ground, she watched, completely dazed. Run, he said. So she turned toward the nearest trees and ran. It was almost too easy. She reached the trees, diving into their welcoming dark. She stopped suddenly, spinning back to face the chaos behind her. 
 She could see Julius’s house from where she stood. A couple of huts were on fire, the thatch burning quickly, throwing an orange light over the clearing. Soldiers fired at everything that moved. The rebels didn’t stand a chance. They were gunned down as they ran out of the burning huts.
She recognized the body of a soldier that lay nearby in a pool of blood, halfway inside a hut, his face turned up, and eyes blank and lifeless. She had played cards with him, lost five dollars to him. He wanted to buy a new wheel for his car when he got back to his village. She tried to remember his name, but she didn’t have time. She had to find Angelina.
 The gun was heavy in her hand. She looked down at it suddenly, remembering that she had it. She flipped the safety off and without a second’s hesitation, she ran toward the closest hut.
Julius’s house was in the middle of the camp. The smoke hid her as she raced between the huts. A soldier turned his gun on her as her bare foot stepped on broken glass. It cut deep into the flesh of her right foot, the pain shooting up her leg, tripping her. She fell hard, biting her lip and landed on her face.
The fall saved her life, as the soldier who was firing stopped shooting, assuming she was dead when she fell. When he turned away, she rose to her feet, her gun pointed at him. It trembled as she aimed. She wiped her eyes in time to see his surprised expression.
She pulled the trigger.
His body fell and she didn’t wait to see if he would get up. She ran, keeping herself low. A round of bullets smacked into a nearby banana tree, tearing the leaves. She ducked and focused on Julius’s house. She had almost reached it. A blow to the side of JC’s head sent her smashing to the ground. Half-conscious, she struggled to lift her head, but the effort allowed the blackness take over and then she felt nothing.
NINETEEN
The drone of the plane’s engine was loud and Simon shouted to be heard.
“We have enough fuel to make it to Kinshasa. I’m not stopping.”
“Don’t be stupid about this, Simon. We have to refuel at Mbandaka, it’s our last chance.”
Simon shifted his glance from the man sitting next to him to the green canopy of trees below them. The only clearing was the river they followed south. He knew the danger of having to make a forced landing in the forest. If they ran out of fuel, they would crash through the canopy and survival would be unlikely. But he also knew that if they stopped to refuel, the storm would catch up with them and they would be forced to wait. He couldn’t afford another delay.
He looked back out the window, to the mass of ugly gray clouds that followed them. Lightning flashes burst through the clouds and rain streaked down in columns. He could see no end to the storm front. The wind pushed them on, carrying them ahead of the storm. A burst of gale force wind hit the plane and it lurched, plunging toward the trees. The cargo in the cockpit slammed against the cabin roof and Simon’s face turned white as he tried desperately to regain control of the airplane. An agonizing twenty seconds later, the wind subsided and the plane’s nose leveled with the horizon.
“This is crazy! We must land,” his brother yelled.
“No. With the wind behind us, we can make it. It will push us all the way,” Simon shouted above the noise and gave him a shaky smile, trying to show confidence when he felt none.
“I hope she’s worth it,” his brother said, before unbuckling his seat belt and moving to the rear of the cabin. He retied the ropes around the fuel drums, making sure they were secure before tying down any loose cargo.
Simon looked down at the Lulonga River. They would follow it to the Zaire River and that would lead them to Kinshasa, the capitol city of Zaire. With outdated air charts that were misleading to begin with, they were forced to follow the rivers, one of the few recognizable landmarks in a sea of green forest. The banks of the river were dotted with tiny villages, a few grass roofed huts shaded by palm trees. They flew over a lone pirogue. The fisherman looked up and waved. Simon didn’t see him, didn’t wave back, a frown on his face.
In his mind, he went over the events of that night, relived it moment by moment. For the hundredth time, he saw her reach the trees safely. He had fought his way out, had tried to reach Angelina, but his way was blocked. Too many soldiers with too many guns. He got out fast, reached the trees where he had seen JC enter the forest and spent the night searching for her. When the light started casting shadows, his search had grown frantic. His mind had refused the possibility that she had gone back to the village, but a part of him knew she wouldn’t have left the village without her sister. He should have known that.
He was forced to hide during the day while the government troops combed the surrounding forest. If they found him, they would arrest him, would convict him of treason. Enemy of the state was a serious offense in any country. In Zaire, it was deadly. After silence returned to the forest, he went back to look for her among the bodies burnt in the fire and those that lay rotting in the sun. The dogs that had hidden in the forest came back to eat what was left, their eyes wild, their mouths stained red. They had watched him carefully, keeping a respectful distance. 
She wasn’t among the bodies. Neither was Angelina.
He ran through the forest, the tracks easy to follow and caught up with the government soldiers just before sunset. He got close enough in the dark to see they had prisoners. They were taken to the river and loaded on a boat. 
A fisherman took him to the nearest phone. It took a week to get there. His brother answered the phone and Simon gave him a list of things he would need, including an airplane and a small fortune for bribing government officials. They met at the nearest airstrip, a small Catholic mission along the river, a two-day boat trip for him. It had taken his brother another week to set the small single-engine plane down in the cleared field outside the mission.
Permits had taken days to obtain. Special permission had to be obtained to fly over the forests of Zaire. More special permission needed to land there. It happened only because Simon’s brother had handed over huge amounts of money. In Kisangani, on the Zaire River, they were told the prisoners had been taken by plane to Kinshasa. He had hoped to catch up with them before they reached the capitol. Political prisoners were interrogated in Kinshasa. 
***
 “You can’t keep me here. I’m an American citizen,” she shouted. 
It didn’t have the effect she had hoped. The words didn’t make an embassy representative pop up like a genie in a bottle, his suit all pressed, his briefcase filled with paperwork that would release her.
She paid her taxes every year like a good little girl and it should entitle her to some benefits. Her country shelled out huge sums of money to keep these assholes in power. That was her money, damn it. She was paying these assholes and they had just locked her up, treated her like a prisoner.
The Congo’s mythical darkness was starting to surround her. She was in serious trouble and the security blanket of her citizenship was diminishing with every day. She banged on the closed door with her fist.
“Where is my sister? I want to see my sister.”
There was no answer.
She kicked the door, and then turned to glare at the room with its one table and chair. There was no window and the fluorescent light showed every dark brown stain on the floor. She tried not to think about what had made them. The concrete floor was cold, the chill creeping inside her flesh. Her foot hurt, a piece of glass that she couldn’t reach still lodged under her skin.
She limped over to the chair, sat down, and rubbed the spot on the back of her head where the swelling had still not gone down. Somebody had hit her pretty hard, but she wasn’t complaining. Julius had almost died on the trip. He had been shot in the back just above his left shoulder blade and a bullet had ripped across the right side of his face. Angelina had escaped without a scratch.
They had been blindfolded all the way into the walled compound. It had taken a boat ride and a plane trip to get here, only she had no idea where here was. After the huge steel gates closed behind them, they had been escorted through an empty courtyard, the blindfolds removed. Julius had not recovered enough to walk by himself. They pulled him down a corridor by his feet, his head leaving a trail of blood on the floor. Angelina had screamed at them in French, swearing and pleading. JC had tried to calm her down, but nothing she said reassured her.
“Don’t you get it?” she screamed. ”They will kill us!” 
 The words still echoed through her, but she refused to believe any of it. They wouldn’t just kill American citizens.
When they had led her away she had gone without a fight, looking back to see them drag Angelina away. She was fighting them every step of the way. The only thing they were told was that they were now at the National Center for Research and Investigation. She wasn’t sure which word she feared more, the research part, or the investigation. 
It was the first time since their capture that she felt real fear and it had a life of its own, growing and penetrating every part of her mind. She could feel the panic overwhelming her self-control and looked down at her shaking hands. She clenched them in a fist, and then got up to stand in the corner, her back to the wall.
Flies buzzed around the stuffy room, flying in circles, looking for a way out, but there wasn’t one. The full impact of the situation finally hit her, her knees buckled, and she sank to the floor. How could this be happening? 
Simon will do something, she told herself, ignoring the little voice that implied Simon might be dead and if not, he wouldn’t know where they were. The American embassy would be informed. They would know what to do. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, trying to get a grip on her emotions. It would be okay, she had to believe that.
The sound of the door being unlocked snapped her head around. She walked to the center of the room, facing the door as it opened. Carefully she arranged her expression and hoped the fear wasn’t obvious.
A man entered, breathing heavily. He was so fat he had to enter the door sideways. She smelled him the same instant she saw him, a strong powerful smell of sweat. His bulging eyes scrutinized her intently as he waved his hand for her to sit down.
She sat.
He wore a Mobutu suit, a long loose shirt with buttons down the front. President Mobutu had made them required wear. She had seen them in Goma, worn mostly by loyal officials of government. The outfit was made of heavy wool and his stomach bulged, stretching it tight across his belly. On him, it looked like a tent a family could live under. The sweat ran down his forehead and neck before disappearing under his collar. He wiped his face with a white handkerchief that looked wetter than his skin. She looked down at the floor, expecting to see a pool of sweat around his feet, but there was none. 
 In his right hand, he carried a file which he opened slowly with great deliberation as if her future lay in it. His liquid gaze flicked over the pages before settling on something of importance. His eyes shifted to her and he put the file down on the desk, leaving a sweaty handprint on the paper.
“Do you know who I am?” he asked, towering over her, his voice high-pitched for such a large man.
“How could I?”
“My name is Amisi Sabura. I am a very important official here at CNRI.”
“With formalities out of the way, can you please tell me where my sister is?”
“I am afraid you do not understand your situation. I am the one who is to ask questions. You are the one to answer them.”
“You cannot keep us here. The American embassy will not allow this kind of treatment of American citizens.”
He smiled and leaned forward across the desk. She leaned back, trying to escape the smell that increased in strength with his closeness. She squashed the urge to raise her hand to her nose, thinking it must be a new form of torture and it probably worked.
“You are American?”
“Yes.”
“Then you are a spy. You admit it. Who do you work for? CIA?”
She stared across the desk at him and his eyes narrowed slightly as he studied her. 
“I am not a spy.”
“You are American.”
“Being American doesn’t make me a spy. I admitted nothing.”
“Not yet,” he smiled and leaned back in his chair. She sighed in relief, breathing again. “What is your name?”
“I have been asked that a million times in the last few days. I am sure you know my name. I want to talk to somebody from the American embassy.”
“The American embassy cannot help you. If you cooperate, this will not take long. Your name please.”
She sighed then relented just wanting to get it over with. “Dr. Josephine Carter.”
He opened the file and wrote something on a blank page.
“You are a doctor?” he asked not looking up.
“I’m a psychologist.”
“Not a real doctor then.”
“No, the fake kind,” she snapped.
“Where is your passport?” 
“Ask the men who tried to kill me.”
Brushing her comment aside, he said, “Without a passport you cannot prove you are who you say. That is bad. Very bad.” 
“Look, my passport burned up in the village your men ambushed. If you let me talk to somebody from the embassy, this can be straightened out.”
“Dr. Carter, there is nothing to straighten out. You were caught in a rebel camp, an offense punishable by death in my country. You were helping the rebels overthrow this government. There is nothing your country can do to help.”
“I was not helping to overthrow this government. I don’t care what the hell this government does. I was being held hostage in that village.”
“That is not the information I have.”
“Well screw your information. It’s wrong! Okay?”
A long silence followed.
“You are Secret Service.”
“No you douche-bag. I’m not Secret Service, I’m not CIA, I’m not FBI. I’m Josephine Carter, US citizen, and I demand you release us.”
“Don’t lie!” he screamed, his voice high enough to shatter glass. “You are CIA.”
“No,” she said calmly, trying to bring her heartbeat back to normal. 
“You are CIA! You are lying.”
“I’m not CIA.”
“What is it you are doing in Zaire? Hunting for diamonds?”
“I came to find my sister.”
“What is your sister doing in Zaire?”
She opened her mouth then hesitated. 
He jumped on the pause, “She is CIA.”
“She is an aid worker.”
“Aid workers do not work in rebel camps.”
How was she going to tell the truth without implicating her sister? Her mind raced, trying to think of a plausible story.
Slowly he leaned forward and said, “You will tell the truth. You have plenty of time, Dr. Carter. And so do I.”
She swallowed the lump in her throat and took a deep breath.
***
 “If, as you have said, they were taken prisoner in a rebel camp, it will be very hard to get them released. The government will have charged them with being enemies of the state, but until they stop denying that they have two female American prisoners there is nothing we can do.”
Simon stared at the American diplomat, tempted to grab him by his tie and hang him to the ceiling fan. Why had he even bothered? 
“You are not even going to try to find out if it’s true.”
“As I have said, our hands are tied if no paperwork exists on either Angelina or Josephine Carter. You must admit your story takes some getting used to. We will do everything in our power to see they are found. Trust me Mr. Frazer, when they arrive in this city, we will know about it.”
The man was an idiot. 
Simon’s gaze moved to the photographs of him with important officials of Zaire. A zebra skin lay on the floor, a cigar box of carved ivory sat on the desk next to a picture of his blond children. The office had a beautiful view of a walled garden, where American soldiers patrolled the perimeter. The embassy was built to be impenetrable, a tiny fort in a city of three million people who lived in shanty towns with open sewers.
He was wasting his time.
Leaving information where he could be contacted, Simon left the embassy and walked into the streets. He paid no attention to the moist hands pulling at his arms and his shirt, grabbing at his pockets, demanding food and cigarettes. He was a mondele. He must give. In broken French, a couple of children demanded a little of his wealth. He shook his head and turned his pockets out. He had nothing to give them and they watched him walk away in astonishment. A white man with no money was a rare sight.
He had never liked cities, and he liked African cities least of all. They depressed him. He took a side street and stopped in front of a building with tall metal gates. It was the headquarters of the CNRI. Somewhere inside, she was locked up in a room and there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it.
A jeep rolled to a stop in front of him and the passenger door opened.
“Get in.”
He stood in the shadows, not moving.
“Simon, you haven’t slept in days. You haven’t eaten since yesterday and you stink. Get in the car before I really think about it.”
He got in and closed the door. As the jeep drove down the road, he watched the metal gates in the rearview mirror until they disappeared from sight. Then he closed his eyes and leaned back against the headrest.
“Anything?” he asked, not opening his eyes.
“No, but an old friend has contacts in the security police. We are meeting him tonight at the hotel. What about the embassy?”
“Nothing. The CNRI denies having any American female prisoners.”
“Then let’s take it to the media.”
“Already tried it. There’s a ban on media and the government won’t issue journalists a visa. Besides, by the time, we convince them of the facts and they get interested, it’s too late. To them it’s just a missing person story until the government admits they have them and you and I both know that won’t happen. It’s been almost three weeks already and this government isn’t interested in making a point. They want information on rebel camps because any day now, Kabila will make his move. They will get it by any means they have to. We get them out now or they die.”
“So now what?”
“I don’t know.”
They drove down the main street, Boulevard de Trente Juin, named in honor of Zaire’s independence day from Belgium in 1960. 
Simon opened his eyes thinking about the beautiful huge trees that once graced the wide median. They had been removed after independence to accommodate military parades. The old apartments along the boulevard were crumbling, water, and waste gushing down the walls, the plumbing long neglected. His mother would cry if she saw it; she refused to come. She wanted to remember the city the way it was when she was young.
***
She watched a fly on the wall and tried to keep track of it in the crowd of others trapped inside the airless room. She followed it with her eyes as it flew off to join the gang buzzing near the ceiling. She was alone with them, but she preferred their company now. Just her and the flies and the heat and the hunger.
She had been in this building for four days. Her foot throbbed. The piece of glass was too deep to pull out and they wouldn’t let her see a doctor. The pain in her stomach was worse. She hadn’t eaten since she arrived. Hadn’t felt anything but the cold concrete floor under her feet, hadn’t slept more than an hour at a time before they woke her, yelling and screaming.
At night, she was locked in a room with no furniture and a bucket for a toilet. The bucket had been used, but she preferred that room despite the smell and the cockroaches. The lights stayed on twenty-four hours a day and she craved darkness even if only for a couple of hours. At least she could curl up in that room and no one would shout at her. 
This room she hated.
Here she had to answer the same questions over and over again. Then she’d be left alone for long periods of time. She’d sit on the chair and watch the flies, finally putting her head down on the table when somebody came in and asked more questions. 
She was given one tin of water a day. The tin was rusty and the water brackish, but she drank it, her stomach cramping, awful cramps that would wake her. She needed food. It felt like her belly button was stuck to her backbone and the knots in her stomach hurt. They were starving her.
She was allowed no contact with other prisoners. They didn’t want anybody to know they had American female prisoners. It was a bad sign. They hadn’t hurt her and that was a good sign. It meant they were keeping her body unharmed so that if they released her to the embassy, there would be no sign of torture. They just hadn’t decided what to do with her yet, she told herself. Maybe she was convincing them.
They asked her about her sister Angelina. She had to remember to give them the same answers.
No, Angelina wasn’t a sympathizer.
No, Angelina was not Julius’s lover.
No, Angelina wasn’t a spy.
No, No, No.
Why was she in Zaire?
Why didn’t she have her passport?
Endless questions. She just wanted them to stop.
She was tired and closed her eyes for a second, losing sight of the fly as it joined its buddies. A key unlocked the door and she opened her eyes slowly.
A man she didn’t recognize gestured for her to stand. Now what? It was too early to go back to her sleeping room.
He led her down an empty corridor lined with closed doors and down a flight of stairs. They passed through a courtyard washed in sunlight and she looked up at the blue sky, the sun warming her skin. It was beautiful sky and she wondered if it had always been such a perfect blue.
He shoved her forward, through another door and they turned left down a dark corridor. Stairs led down to some kind of basement. She stopped halfway down, refusing to go further. She pulled back, trying to turn and go back up the stairs, but the man blocked her way, pushing her down.
“You must cooperate!” he shouted, shoving her.
Basements were bad, she thought. Every horror movie had a basement and people didn’t usually come out of them alive. She was shivering in the stale heat, her heart pounding.
God please help me. 
Impatiently, he shoved her, making her stumble. She bolted down the stairs, surprising him, and he shouted for her to stop. Reaching the bottom, she made a sharp left into a corridor and hid behind an open door. He ran past and she dashed back the way they had come. She didn’t get far. A stinking bulk blocked the stairs.
“Dr. Carter. Leaving us so soon? Was it not a pleasant stay?” Mr. Sabura asked.
Someone grabbed her from behind, dragging her down the stairs again. 
“Let me go,” she demanded, yanking her arm away. 
He grabbed her again, tighter this time and she winced at the pain that shot up her arm.
Mr. Sabura wobbled down the stairs, the wood squealing under his weight. He stopped in front of her, his face inches from hers.
“Trying to escape? You have nothing to fear from me, Dr. Carter, because you say you are telling the truth. Now it is obvious to me that you have lied. Otherwise, why run? 
“Everything I have told you is true.”
“Your sister has confessed,” he said in a monotone.
Oh God, what did they do to her?
He looked past her and shouted some orders in Lingala. The man behind her took a rope out of his pocket and tied her hands behind her back. They had never tied her up before. She jerked sideways and kicked out at the man behind her. He lost his balance and she shoved past the fat man, making a desperate lunge for the stairs. He grabbed her by her shirt, yanking her around and she saw his huge fist a second before it slammed into her face, breaking her nose. The force slammed her against the wall and she crumbled in a heap on the floor, her hands still tied behind her back.
Stunned, her gaze focused on the layer of dirt on the floor. She watched her blood drip into a puddle until slowly it was absorbed into the dirt. She had never seen so much of her own blood. It was a beautiful color, a dark red. The pain suddenly registered and with it came terror as she realized what was happening. It left her sick with outrage. In that instant, the unreal became real. They no longer cared about leaving any signs of mistreatment and it meant they would not be handing her over to the embassy. Panic closed in and she screamed.
A vicious hand grabbed her and she began violently thrashing her arms trying to dislodge it, but it didn’t help. Someone grabbed her feet and she kicked out, screaming as they dragged her down the corridor and through a door. Oh, God please no! 
She was going to die.
TWENTY
“I am not leaving without seeing her body,” he said and turned to his brother sitting on the sofa.
“Christ, Simon, the body is probably unrecognizable. You heard what the man said. They tortured her.”
“I have to make sure.”
“Why?”
Simon didn’t answer. He yanked a shirt over his head and tucked it in before reaching for his shoes.
Mark leaned forward. “Simon, you have to tell me something. I haven’t asked before, but this is getting bloody ridiculous.”
“What about Angelina?”
Mark sighed, giving up. “Nothing yet.” He paused, feeling himself slip into the old childhood role of follow the leader. He had always followed where Simon led. Why did he think it would change just because they were older? “She really got to you, didn’t she?” Mark said quietly. “Only I can’t figure out which one you are trying to get us killed over.”
Mark studied his brother. It wasn’t like Simon to ignore facts. He hadn’t hesitated when Simon asked for help, didn’t even ask why. He was used to his brother’s impulsiveness, but Simon had good instincts.
It was easy enough to confirm that the CNRI had them. An informant had brought them the news at dinner last night. They were told that one of the two prisoners was dead and it hadn’t been an easy death. Which one had died and which might still be alive they didn’t know.
 He had watched his brother’s face across the table. Simon hadn’t flinched at the news, hadn’t given anything away. He was good at hiding his feelings, had learned early not to show emotion.
He watched now as Simon crossed the room, picked up the phone and after a brief conversation in French, hung up again. He picked up the car keys from the table and walked out of the room. Mark sighed, pulled himself off the sofa, and followed him.
“Where are we going?” he demanded as the jeep dodged the usual traffic.
“To see an old friend.”
“I’m just asking for the basics. What, who, why, where?”
Simon made a sudden left turn down a side street lined with tin shacks. The street was filled with pedestrians and he put his hand on the horn and left it there. People scattered, running and diving out of the way, the jeep leaving a wake of angry people.
He held on, gritting his teeth as Simon pulled the jeep around another corner onto a wide boulevard. He narrowly missed a red taxi, swerving hard to avoid it before checking the rearview mirror. Mark turned to look behind them as a black Mercedes came hurtling through the side street and screeched onto the boulevard. 
They were being followed.
Simon slammed the jeep into gear and pressed down hard on the gas.
“Why are you trying to lose them?” Mark shouted.
They had been followed for days and Simon hadn’t paid any attention to the men in sunglasses until now.
“We’re going to pay Johan a visit,” Simon shouted over the roar of the engine.
Oh Christ, he thought, Simon was getting desperate. Johan Voster was a South African mercenary well known for having the personality of a puff adder.
They lost the Mercedes, but he didn’t slow down until they had reached their destination, a house on a small hill surrounded by a huge wall and electric fencing. At the gate, a guard stopped them and Simon exchanged a few words with him before they were waved in.
The puff adder himself greeted them at the entrance to a modest one-story house. Mark had never met him in person, knew him only by reputation. He wore small, tight khaki shorts, his huge beer belly bulging over them. His ears jutted out from the sides of a face that could have glowed in the dark, it was so pink. A bulging nose hung above a beard that made up for what his hairline had lost. His nostril hair was carefully trimmed, but the hair growing out of his ears was ignored. Not exactly what Mark had expected.
It was only when Johan’s gaze shifted from Simon to him that the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Mark knew the man had joined the South African army fresh out of high school. It was in the days when every male had been required to do a two year tour of duty to defend his country against the black forces that would see an end to the white apartheid system.
During his two-year stint, he had discovered a talent for killing and had stayed on after his two years were up. He fought wars across the border and had moved quickly up the ranks, his reputation for ruthlessness feared. After the fall of the white government, he left the army, swearing never to take orders from any black man . . . unless huge sums of money were involved. He made a living as a hired killer and it was proving to be a very lucrative career.
Now here he stood, ushering them onto a verandah where they all sat down on plastic lawn chairs. Johan pulled out a pipe, filled it with tobacco, and lit it, his eyes never wavering from his guests. Tea arrived in white china cups and was served with little sugar-coated cookies. Johan reached out and popped one in his mouth.
“Gentlemen,” he said slowly, reaching for another one. “We can sit here all day and watch the bladdy flies make babies or you can tell me what you want.” 
“I want you to break someone out of jail,” Simon got right to the point.
“That is a very dangerous request, almost impossible,” Johan said.
“You can’t do it?”
“I said almost impossible. It will be a very expensive undertaking, Mr. Frazer.”
“You’ll do it?”
“If you have the money, I will do it.”
“I have the money.”
***
 The second Mark thought they were out of Johan’s hearing, he turned on his brother.
“You don’t have the money.”
Simon kept walking.
“You have lost it, old man.”
“It’s their only chance if they are still alive.”
“You just admitted they may be dead and I repeat, where are you going to get that kind of money?”
Simon stopped and stared at him.
“Oh no,” Mark said and kept walking toward the jeep. ”You still owe me from the last time you ‘borrowed’ money.”
“Mark—”
“Even if he gets them out, how do we get them across the border without getting arrested? I’m not doing this. I don’t want to end up in jail in this country. Tomorrow morning I’m flying out of here and you’re coming with me. I’m saving your life, you’ll thank me later. Give me the keys.”
Mark drove back to the city center in silence.
Closing his eyes, Simon leaned back against the seat. A migraine started throbbing behind his left eye and he pulled his baseball cap down lower. He couldn’t give up on her. Sources were not always known for accuracy and he wasn’t about to leave her here. By the time the embassy got its ass into gear, she would be dead. Johan was a last resort. He didn’t like the man, but he didn’t have to. 
Mark stopped the jeep and Simon opened his eyes. They were parked in front of a bank. He looked at Mark, his eyebrow pulled up, questioning. Mark shrugged. 
“Thank you.”
Mark nodded and got out, surrounded suddenly by a gang of boys.
“We watch car. You must pay us,” they insisted.
Some begged outright for money. He chose a boy whose skinniness made him look younger than he probably was, his clothes worn at the elbows and knees. The boy leapt forward, a smile on his face and stood next to the car on duty.
Glancing back Simon followed Mark into the bank. 
A black Mercedes pulled in next to the jeep.
***
She was naked. One end of a rope was tied around her ankles, the other end wound up over a beam from the ceiling.
She hung upside down, the rope cutting into her ankles, the blood seeping out. It ran slowly along her legs, over her back, her stomach, along her arms to the tips of her fingers, then dripped to the floor, consumed by the puddle that grew with every hour. If she straightened her fingers, the tips dipped in and out of the blood as her body swung gently back and forth. She had stopped screaming hours ago. They were right. Nobody could hear her.
She was alone.
Slowly her life was flowing out of her and nobody knew, not even God. She had prayed and begged him to help her, to make it stop, but he wasn’t listening. One part of her wanted to give in to it. Make it easier. Another part of her was too stubborn to stop fighting. That part insisted she back off from the edge, insisted she not take the final plunge.
Her body suddenly fell to the ground as the rope was loosened. She flinched as pain brought her back to reality. She curled up, trying to make herself as small as she could and listened to the voices around her.
The day wasn’t over yet. 
A couple of men grabbed her arms and dragged her to a chair, making her sit. They tied her arms behind her. Why did they bother? She was too weak to fight them. Somebody pulled her head back so that her bruised and swollen face was turned up to the light. She couldn’t see it, her eyes swollen shut. Blood ran from her lip, split in several places.
“I am not a bad person,” the voice said. “You know it is not pleasant for me to see you like this, but you have been difficult. You will tell us nothing. You are a tough lady, I can see this, but now is not a time to be tough. It will not help you.”
She heard him walk around the chair, his breathing heavier than usual. That last beating must have given him a real workout, she thought. For such a huge man, he moved very fast. He was very close. She could smell him strongly now. It was the smell of heavy sweat that she had come to fear. It was stronger than the smell of blood, stronger than the smell of her own waste. 
“Zaire must, like any other country, stop those within its own borders who wish an end to its government. We must have stability. This country must not be torn apart by civil war that will kill the people. I am trying to save lives. Help me to do this. Zaire will thank you and we will let you go home.”
She laughed, the sound more like a strangled cry.
He slapped her and her head jerked sideways. “Zaire has been a stable country for almost twenty years. Surely you know that, in Africa, this is unusual.”
He paused and she heard him pace in front of her. She flinched as the man behind her pulled her head back even more.
“You must talk,” the fat man shouted, his voice rough with anger. “You have confessed. Now you must tell me where the camps are and you must give me the names of rebel leaders.”
She said nothing. How could she? She didn’t know anything. Better to just be quiet. Save her strength for the next round.
Suddenly the fat man lurched forward and his hand cracked against the side of her face in a hard slap. It sent her out of the chair, crashing to the floor. Crying, she tried to ignore the ringing in her ears and curled her legs up in defense.
She wasn’t fast enough.
A foot slammed into her stomach and she screamed in pain as he kicked her. He didn’t stop with the first kick. She heard her ribs crack with every impact until he stopped as suddenly as he started and she lay still.
“You see what you make me do? I have no choice,” he growled.
Someone untied her hands, grabbed the rope tied around her ankles and dragged her across the floor.
“No . . . please, no.” 
She begged, trying desperately to find something to hang onto. Her hands were tied, her broken nails scraping on the floor as she tried to stop her body from going back up. The rope was pulled tight and her body swung into the air. She screamed in pain as the rope cut deep into the flesh around her ankles. Warm blood trickled from her ankles over her legs. Swinging upside down, the blood filled her head quickly and the pressure started to build. She heard the scrape of the metal bucket over the concrete floor.
The bucket was placed under her head and she was lowered down into the water. She took a quick desperate gulp of air then her head sank below the water.
It was never going to end. 
***
 “Mr. Frazer, that is not a good idea.”
The words came from Johan Voster, who stood in the dark alley Mark had never wanted to meet him in.
“Yes, Simon. Not a good idea. Let’s go,” Mark said and turned to walk away.
“No. I go or the deal is off.”
Mark turned back to where Simon and Johan stared at each other. “Don’t be bloody stubborn about this. We’ll meet him at the airport like we planned.”
“No,” Simon insisted. 
“All right, Mr. Frazer, have it your way, but the deal was to bring the women out, not you.”
Simon nodded and Mark threw his hands up in frustration.
“Simon, could I speak to you for a moment?” Mark asked and nodded his head toward the jeep.
Johan stared after them as they walked back to the jeep.
“What are you doing? This is not how we planned it,” he hissed.
“I don’t trust him.”
“Well, there’s a bloody brilliant character observation.”
“Just go to the airport and get the plane ready. We’ll meet you at the east gate.”
Mark hesitated for a moment, opening his mouth to say something, but changed his mind and turned away.
Simon watched him start the jeep and back out of the narrow alley. After the headlights disappeared, he walked back to where Johan and two black men stood waiting for him. Johan didn’t bother with introductions and handed him a handgun. He checked to see if it was fully loaded before sliding it in his jacket pocket.
They walked the two blocks to the building behind the huge iron gates. Avoiding the front gate and its guards, they casually walked down a small side street along the western side of the building. The streetlights were broken, the glass crunching under their shoes. They stopped across the road from a small side door. 
It was never used, so there were no guards outside it. The street was deserted. After a while, he glanced at one of the men, the tall thin one who looked ready to bolt any second. The man looked at his watch nervously, but said nothing. After the first hour, he looked like he was going to have a heart attack. Johan’s stare didn’t help.
Simon’s gaze snapped to the door as he heard a bolt being pulled back. Slowly the door opened an inch and stopped. Johan glanced at the nervous man and nodded toward the door. The man hesitated a second before cautiously walking across the road. He disappeared inside only to come back out and wave them over. They walked into an empty corridor and Johan pulled a thick envelope out of his jacket. The man accepted it and slipped back out the door. Johan removed a piece of paper from his pocket. It was a map.
 Simon pulled the gun from his jacket and followed Johan. The doors along the passage were closed except for one that stood open, revealing an office cluttered with paperwork and files. They made their way toward the eastern side of the building. 
They stepped into a whitewashed courtyard, running across to hide behind a waist high wall. Guards carrying automatic guns rounded the corner, walking in their direction. The guards chatted and smoked, pausing briefly before going back the way they had come.
Johan wiped the sweat from his face and they waited a few seconds more, then quickly slipped through a door. The guards were still visible and Simon watched them walk away as he quietly closed the door. Another door along the corridor opened suddenly and they dove into an empty room. Footsteps hurried past. The room they hid in had a table and two chairs. The walls were padded and a mirror was built into one wall. It was an interrogation room, the padding used to muffle the screams. 
After silence returned to the building, they slipped down the corridor to the stairs. It was dark in the basement and Johan pulled a flashlight out of his pocket. He pointed to the door on the left at the end of a hallway. It was locked.
“Kick it down,” Johan ordered.
The door gave way with a crash that exploded into the quiet night. A rat was caught in the flashlight beam and it stared up at them, blinking. The room was empty.
“Bladdy buggers,” Johan growled.
The room was filthy with human waste and blood. The black man stood outside the door, nervously watching the corridor.
“Let’s get out of here,” Johan said.
“Not without what we came for,” Simon refused. 
“We can’t break down every door, Mr. Frazer.”
“We don’t have to,” he said and followed a trail of blood with his flashlight. He turned left down the hallway to a door directly ahead. It was unlocked and he pulled it open. 
“Jesus!” he whispered.
Disbelief and fury exploded through his mind as his eyes focused on a naked white form suspended by its feet from a rope.
“Help me,” he growled at Johan as he lurched across the room. They cut her down and lay her carefully on the floor. She wasn’t moving. He wiped the blood from her swollen face, her features distorted, unrecognizable, and felt for a pulse.
“Leave her. She’s dead,” Johan said and walked back toward the door.
***
Mark stared at a man who lay sprawled on the floor, trying to determine if he was asleep or dead. Probably dead from pure frustration, Mark decided. Kinshasa airport was hot and stuffy and completely disorganized. Bureaucracy was what turned most African nations into swamps of inefficiency. No place was it more evident than at this airport.
“You must have special clearance,” shouted the man behind the counter.
“I have special clearance. It’s that piece of paper under your hand,” Mark said, starting to lose patience.
Again the man picked up the paper in question and once more glanced at it before slamming it back down on the counter. In Lingala, he shouted across the room to another official who turned and walked over. This was the fourth official to pick up the displeasing special clearance paper and scowl at him.
He knew that there was some legitimate reason for concern. Planes often disappeared over the jungle without a trace, so special clearance was required to fly light aircraft over the area.
“You must wait for morning. You cannot leave now.”
“I have clearance to leave now,” he pointed out.
Again, the fourth official scrutinized his clearance papers. The papers did not give him permission to leave until morning, he knew that.
The official nodded and the clearance papers were handed back and he smiled. Most officials couldn’t read. He had counted on it. They obtained their posts not through meeting qualifications, but by a complicated system of connections, family and tribal. The bureaucratic system worked sporadically at best.
“Passport. Where is your passport?”
He retrieved the passports from his bag and handed them over. The official thumbed through them, making sure he missed no pages. He studied the photograph then Mark’s face before dropping it on the counter and picking up Simon’s passport.
“Where is this man?” he shouted.
“He will be here soon.” 
Another official was called in. He studied the papers then shouted his version of the regulations. The intercom system buzzed with information repeated over and over in the loudest volume. Mark scowled, trying to make out the words.
“Your vaccination papers are not in order,” the man shouted over the airport noise.
He was sent to an office where he handed over the necessary bribes and received the missing stamps. Then he returned to the first official only to discover there was a problem with his flight plan, so another office was visited, another bribe paid. He was used to the negotiations. It was part of doing business here. He looked at his watch. He was running out of time. After one, more trip to one more office, he started shouting back.
They let him go, all paperwork completed. 
Weighed down with luggage, he walked across the tarmac to the airplane. He went over his pre-flight check, and then taxied across the tarmac to the east gate to wait.
He didn’t have to wait long. A car roared along the airport fence on a small dirt road and headed toward him. It was traveling very fast. Right behind it was a truck full of unhappy soldiers. He started the plane as the sound of gunfire reached him and turned the plane down the runway, ready for takeoff.
The gunfire was close now, shattering the night as the soldiers fired at the car. It careened around a barrier, smashed the gate without slowing down, and headed straight for the plane. It stopped next to an old wall and two men jumped out, taking cover. They fired at the truck, hitting the windscreen, and it swerved away then stopped. The soldiers jumped out and took cover behind the truck, their automatic weapons spraying the area. The car lunged forward again and came to a sudden stop next to the plane. Simon jumped out carrying someone wrapped in a blanket. He ran the few steps to the plane as Mark threw the passenger door open. Simon heaved her onto the seat as bullets shattered the windows of the car. Simon spun around grabbing an automatic from the car seat.
“Go.”
“Get in,” Mark shouted.
“I have to go back for Angelina,” Simon shouted, slamming the door shut and gesturing for him to go. A volley of gunfire hit the car and a bullet ripped into the wing of the plane.
He gunned the engine and the plane lurched forward.
***
 Simon glanced back as the airplane raced down the runway. Only after it was airborne did he turn back. He was out of ammunition.
The driver pulled a box out of the car and thrust it at Simon. Ammunition. On top lay a grenade. Grabbing it, he crouched down and waited. There was a break in gunfire and he raced across the open ground to where Johan and the black man lay trapped against the wall. The last few feet he dove, landing hard behind the wall as gunfire erupted again. He sprawled in the dirt and Johan grabbed his shirt, pulling him closer under cover.
They had to hurry. Reinforcements would soon arrive and their chances of escaping would quickly evaporate. Simon looked at the grenade. It was Russian and old. Very old. He prayed it wouldn’t explode the second he pulled the clip. He heard the sound of a small airplane circling the airfield and hoped his brother wasn’t going to try landing again.
Hugging the wall, he crept forward, going as far as he dared until he reached a point where he could see the truck. He would have to get closer. He glanced back at Johan and the black man. They nodded and straightened suddenly, firing away, giving him the cover he would need to pull it off. He pulled the clip and ran. Bullets sprayed the area around him and he threw the grenade, then spun back. He didn’t wait to see if it had found its mark. Furious shouts erupted a second before an explosion ripped through the air, followed by a second explosion as the gas tank ignited.
The explosion slammed him to the ground and he gasped as the air was knocked out of his lungs. The truck was engulfed in flames, a black cloud rising into the air. Johan was already diving under the fence. The driver abandoned the car, all tires flat, and the black man ran to Simon, helping him up. Together they ran across the asphalt, slid under the fence and disappeared in the dark streets of the city.
TWENTY-ONE
She hadn’t moved, hadn’t made a sound. She lay on the passenger seat, her head leaning against the window, her face covered with the blanket. He reached over, slowly pulled it back, and winced. 
“Bloody hell.”
Her face was swollen, blue, and covered in blood. He shifted her into a more comfortable position and turned back to the controls. On a clear night like this, the plane could almost fly itself. The forest below was a giant ocean of black, the river a silver line cutting its way east. He was flying northeast across the Congo plateau to meet up with the Zaire River and follow it east. Navigation was strictly by rivers. No other landmarks existed. He looked at his watch. The sun would be up soon. He yawned, the drone of the engine loud in his ears. He checked his heading, thumped the fuel gauge, and then sat back, trying not to think about his brother and failing miserably. He had seen the explosion. Simon would be fine. He could take care of himself. Always had.
Maybe he shouldn’t worry about Simon. Maybe he should worry about what could be waiting for him in Kisangani. Would the police radio ahead to the authorities? Would they detain him? He wanted to believe they weren’t that organized, that their ineptitude would work for him this time instead of against. His chances were good. He didn’t have permission to land anywhere but Kisangani. Not that he had many options anyway. Landing in a forest was not highly recommended.
He needed an alternate plan. He had his own fuel on board. He just needed to find a landing strip. Reaching behind his seat, he grabbed a map and opened it.
The map showed few roads and he knew not to count on those that it did show. The roads deteriorated quickly in the forest and could vanish in months, swallowed by undergrowth. He studied the map and his eye caught a line from Kisangani to Mambasa. The Trans-African, a road that ran from the Gulf of Guinea, on the west coast of the continent, all the way across to the Kenyan coast in the east. It was a rough dirt road at best, but it was heavily used by trucks so it was maintained just enough for it to exist. It was his only other chance.
Kisangani was straight ahead. As he approached the airstrip, he circled it a couple of times, searching for anything that looked like trouble. There were no vehicles waiting, not a soul on the runway, and he banked left and prepared to land. As he descended, he glanced nervously around the few buildings along the runway. A cargo plane sat at the far end of the runway and the palm trees swayed in the breeze. 
The wheels touched the ground. A movement from the corner of his eye caught his attention. Three military trucks raced in his direction. He yanked back on the controls and the wheels skidded, the plane shooting up into the sky again. A bullet ripped through the plane door and lodged in the seat just below his left leg. The plane soared over the forest trees and the soldiers waved their guns at him as he flew east. He wiped the sweat from his forehead and ran his hand along the side of his seat, feeling for the bullet hole and finding it, stuck his finger in it. The leather was hot.
Too damn close. 
He looked at his fuel gauge. It was low. He would have to refuel soon and searched the forest below. The giant trees stood fused together, not a gap between them, but he knew it was down there. He wiped the sweat from his eyes. Five more minutes, he told himself. Just stay cool, it was there. He searched, his eyes narrowed, thinking he saw a flash of open dirt, then the trees parted reluctantly and the red dirt road stretched in front of him, cutting through the ocean of trees. He held off descending, staying above the trees, needing some distance between him and the soldiers. They would know where to find him. He followed the road. Ten more minutes, he guessed and looked up at the horizon, his eyes fastened on black clouds. 
Where had they come from? The storm front would complicate things. There was no way around it even if he did have the fuel. Three more minutes and he stayed level, the road under him, the storm staring him in the face. A gust of wind rocked the plane and he tightened his grip on the controls. Hurricane force winds hit the windshield and huge drops of rain pelted it like hail.
“Come on, love, just one more minute. Give me one more minute.”
Lightning streaked across the dark sky, and the smell of electricity was suddenly heavy in the air. The fuel gauge was on empty.
Time to take her down.
He descended to where the tree tops were only a few feet under the plane. The road was still dry enough, only the usual deep ruts to avoid. There were no cars, no trucks. It was an open dirt road. He pushed the nose down and the wings dipped below the tallest trees into the narrow green canyon. He glanced nervously from left to right. It was close. No room for error.
A dust devil swirled toward him down the road and swerved past as a truck appeared on the horizon. He held off landing. One more mile and the engine sputtered, coughed. The truck, loaded down with cargo and people, passed below the plane’s wheels. The driver, his face anxious and drawn, looked up. The passengers waved. He slowed the plane to stalling speed and nosed down for a quick approach. The engine coughed and died. The road sped by below the wheels, the ruts threatening to damage the plane if he hit one.
A gust of wind hit the plane from the front and it banked sharply to the left. He had neither time nor space to correct the shift. The wing clipped a tree, the plane jackknifed and slammed into the ground.
***
The loud banging on the door continued, each thud sounding like an explosion in Brother O’Ryan’s head. He threw back the covers and stumbled out of bed. His mouth was dry and the pounding continued in his head after the banging stopped. Whoever it was would knock the door down if he ignored them much longer. Better go see, he decided. He liked his new front door. The last was kicked down by a group of soldiers, and before that it was termites. 
He struck a match, lit the lantern, and then made his way to the door, mumbling a prayer for strength. Loud banging on the door at midnight was never good.
“In the name of Senior, Junior, and the Holy Spook,” he finished then pulled the bolt back on the door.
An African man stood outside, his face bunched up in worry. He was wet and covered in mud.
The rains had started.
“Brother,” the man breathed. “You must come quick. It fall from the sky.”
Brother O’Ryan looked past him up at the sky.
“Ah, go on with you now, are ye daft? The rain always falls from the sky. Now go home and leave an honest man his sleep.”
“No. They are over here,” he said pointing toward a truck that stood in the yard. The man turned and walked toward it, stopping after a few steps to see if he was being followed. Brother O’Ryan hunched his shoulders and walked out into the rain.
Kneeling down, he pulled back the blanket. He winced and hesitated a second before touching the bruised skin. A groan from a second figure caused those around it to draw back.
“Bring them,” he said and led the way back toward the house. 
The only doctor in the region lived in a small town to the west, a three-hour drive in the dry season. With the rains, it would take a week to get there and back.
“What happened?” 
“The airplane fall on the road.”
He stripped the wet tarp off the groaning figure. A man with a gash on the side of his head blinked up at him before closing his eyes again. His leg was broken below the knee, the bone visible through the flesh and a pool of blood collected on the floor.
Brother O’Ryan mumbled in a language the black men did not understand. 
“I will need help,” he said looking at the two remaining men. 
They nodded. He gathered the materials he would need for a splint, and then instructed them to hold the patient down. He sat on the floor and held the foot gently.
“On three,” he said and they nodded.
He counted then pulled and the bone sunk back into the flesh, the man screaming and trying to pull away.
“Hold him.”
He reached for a bottle of whiskey on the shelf, took a couple of sips, then poured the rest over the open wound. Another scream, then the man twitched and passed out.
A fire was started in the fireplace and water put on to boil. Only after the leg was set did he turn to the second figure. Pulling first the tarp then the blanket off the body, he crossed himself as he saw what lay under them.
It was a woman.
He sent everyone out, and then knelt beside her. If there was some life left, he couldn’t see it. He felt for her pulse, took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and carefully put his head on her naked chest, listening for a heartbeat and hoping God would understand.
It was faint, but it was there.
Every inch of her skin was bruised and crusted with blood. The open wounds around her ankles cut deep into her flesh. Four ribs were broken and every finger on her right hand. The skin looked puckered, burnt. Gashes on her back and legs were made by a whip of some kind. 
He had seen worse, but never on a white woman. He dipped a towel in the warm water and slowly washed the blood from her body. He poured alcohol on her wounds, and then bound her ribs and ankles before straightening her fingers as best he could. He covered her in warm blankets then knelt on the ground and prayed before pulling a chair closer to the fire and going to sleep.
The rest was up to the boss.
***
There was no shouting. It was the first thing she became aware of. The second was that the world was no longer upside down. She turned her head slowly and focused her eyes on a face to her left. It was a long, lean face, the skin pale, deep shadows under the eyes and lank black hair tied back, a frown planted on the forehead.
“How are you feeling?”
It was a single voice, low and hesitant, but she hadn’t even seen his mouth move. It wasn’t him talking. She was sure of it and turned her head to the right. He had the same face, the same wavy blond hair, but it wasn’t Simon. 
“You ejeet, can you not see the girl is sufferin’?”
She closed her eyes tighter, wanting to shut it out. The memories bubbled slowly to the surface and the darkness and horror crept over her. A sob tore itself from the bottom of her throat and she cringed away into herself.
Brother O’Ryan and Mark exchanged worried glances when she stopped crying suddenly, opened her eyes, her gaze steady and focused.
“Where am I?” she asked, her voice barely louder than a whisper.
“You’re at a mission, near Kisangani.”
“Zaire?” 
He nodded slowly, not wanting to confirm her fear in words. He glimpsed the terror in her eyes before she closed them again. They watched her silently for a while before realizing she had fallen asleep.
Brother O’Ryan shrugged, crossed himself, and then helped Mark onto his makeshift crutches. They left the room, closing the door behind them.
For four days, he had sponged the fever from her body. It had been the first sign that she had any fight left in her. He had thought her dead for sure. Mark had regained consciousness the first day, had lain in bed in agony for three days before he felt well enough or strong enough to move around. He was surprised the woman was alive. 
“She can’t stay here,” Brother O’Ryan said, breaking the silence. “Certain it is the soldiers will be here in a week.”
Mark said nothing. Assuming she recovered in time to leave the mission before the soldiers arrived, they would have to take the road east. It was the only way out, but with his leg broken, he wouldn’t get far.
“Who is she, then?”
“Wish I knew.”
“You’d risk your life for a woman you don’t know?”
“I risked my life for my brother.”
“Ach, now that I understand.”
His leg hurt.
“You can’t leave here with your leg in such a state, and she can’t go alone. It is too dangerous for a white woman on that road. I can’t stop people from talkin’ and too many have seen ye here. I can try to hide ye, but it’s risky.”
Mark got up unsteadily and hobbled across the room to the door. The splint was made of wood, tied into place and it shifted slightly every time he moved. The pain was constant and he tired easily. He sat in a chair on the verandah and watched the rain. It hadn’t stopped since he’d been there. 
The mission compound consisted of the mission house, chapel and a shed for everything from chickens to old cars. A water pump stood in the center of the muddy yard. No one lined up to use it. No travelers had come down the road in days. It meant a bridge washed out or the trucks simply stuck in mud. If somebody was coming after them, it meant they were stuck on that road too.
***
The parrots outside the window woke her. The talking monkeys in the forest woke her memory. She lay still as images rose to her mind and her good hand clenched in a fist.
She forced herself to relax, uncurled her fingers, straightening them on the sheet. The door opened slowly, the movement in the corner of her eye making her turn toward it. The blond man stood in the doorway.
“Can I come in?”
She turned back to the window. He hobbled across the room and settled in the chair next to her bed. With her face turned to the sun, the bruises were more pronounced. Her left eye was swollen shut, her split lip cracked and her nose had a bump on the ridge. His eyes were drawn down to her hand, to where it lay above the white sheet. Her nails were torn and dirty, the index finger bruised, as if she had slammed it in a door. The skin was stretched tight, mottled, maybe burnt. Her hand curled into a fist and he looked up to find her eyes on him, her gaze direct, emotionless.
“Who are you?” 
“I’m Mark. Simon’s brother.”
She studied him.
“Where is he?”
“He will meet us later,” he lied, looking away to avoid her intense scrutiny.
“And my sister?”
“I don’t know.”
She stared out the window. It didn’t matter anymore, she thought. Any of it. Her sister was probably dead. She tried to find a flicker of emotion but couldn’t. She couldn’t feel anything. No sadness, no guilt. It was as if they had beaten her to death on the inside where nobody could see.
“How did I get here?”
“It was an accident, actually. We sort of crashed.”
“Crashed?”
“Yes. A plane crash”
“How did I . . . ?” she stammered. “How did I get out of prison?”
“Well, Simon and two other fellows came for you.” 
Her blank stare watched him.
“They broke you out of the place.”
She blinked and he shifted, uncomfortable in his seat, and looked away.
“I’m an escaped prisoner?” she whispered.
Mark said nothing, just nodded his head in a couple of jerky movements.
“How far are we from the closest border?”
“Two days drive in the dry season.”
She looked out the window then back at him.
“What season is it?”
“The wet season,” he said, studying the floor.
“How many days in the wet season?”
He said nothing.
“How many days?” 
“Two, maybe three weeks.”
“Weeks . . .” she breathed her muscles tightening again.
She closed her eyes and forced the panic back. Think, she told herself.
“Is there a car?”
“Yes, and on good days it even works, but there are rumors the road is closed going east.”
“Where is the closest border from here?”
“Goma.”
“Have you tried the phone?”
“The phone?” he asked looking at her strangely. “There isn’t a phone around here for miles. Hasn’t been for years.”
She stared at him. He shifted and looked at his leg. 
“It’s broken. I can’t walk to the border with this,” he pointed at his leg, the frustration evident in his tone. “Brother O’Ryan said he will hide us when the soldiers come.”
***
She woke sweating, her body trembling. The fear was constant now as her body gained strength and her bruises turned a new shade of black. Trying to stop the frantic beating of her heart, she breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly. Something scraped across the floor outside her room and she opened her eyes, watching the sliver of light under the door. Every muscle in her body was taut, prepared to run. She could feel the adrenaline racing through her blood, but the door didn’t open and the night stayed quiet.
Every shadow in the room looked suspicious, every noise was a threat. She was drowning in fear. She had to relax, to stop wondering if things could have been different. She refused to think that there was nothing she could have done to stop them. Should she have fought harder? 
She couldn’t think like this now. She needed to concentrate on the problems. The soldiers were coming. She had to leave for Goma any way she could.
Slowly getting up, she forced her aching muscles to walk across the room to the table. She picked up the tray with food and sat on the bed. Her stomach revolted at the smell of food, the cramps almost unbearable. She opened her mouth and, taking a bite, forced herself to swallow it.
***
They were sitting on the verandah, playing a game of chess. She advanced cautiously, her bare feet slapping quietly over the cement floor. Mark looked up, meeting her eyes.
“What are ye doing? You’re not meant to be up,” Brother O’Ryan said, walking quickly toward her.
She stepped away from him as he tried to take her arm.
“No,” she said firmly and walked around him, approaching Mark.
“You’re leaving, aren’t you?” 
He watched her as the conflict raged inside of her. Wincing, she slowly sat down on the edge of the chair opposite him. She picked up a piece from the chess set. It looked like a tiny African sculpture of an old man.
“They will find me here.”
“It’s too dangerous on that road by yourself.” 
“I have to try.”
He nodded, but she missed the movement, her eyes fixed on the chess piece.
“Thank you,” she said.
“For what?”
This time she looked at him. “For getting me this far.”
The silence stretched between them.
“Is Simon really okay?” she asked after a while.
“I don’t know,” he said slowly, pausing before telling her what had happened in Kinshasa.
Her right hand lay useless in her lap. Brother O’Ryan had tried to set her broken fingers with small makeshift splints but the effort had been futile. Her fingers were bent and would heal that way. Without proper medical attention, they would stay that way. Her ribs still hurt and her body ached all over, but the physical pain she could cope with. The things going on in her mind scared her, kept her awake. She couldn’t think about it now.
 Standing up, she replaced the piece on the board and walked inside searching for O’Ryan. She found him in the kitchen stuffing food in a pack.
“You’ll be leaving, then?”
He sounded relieved. A bottle of whiskey stood on the table and he took a sip. 
“Thank you, Father O’Ryan.”
“It’s a Brother, I am.”
“What’s the difference?”
“A Father can forgive sin, but a Brother will do in a pinch.”
“I wish I could repay you.”
“Do you, now?”
“Yes. Do you always answer a question with a question?”
“What’s it to you, then?” he smiled. He took another sip before replacing it on a shelf and turning back to her. “A thank you will do nicely. It’s not demanding, I am.” 
“Thank you.”
“You’re most welcome and don’t you worry about my drinking. I’ve left clear instructions not to be cremated.”
She smiled as he walked across the room to a cupboard, opened it and brought out a pack of cigarettes. He pushed them into the pack.
“I don’t smoke.”
“They aren’t for you. They make good currency.”
He closed the pack, handed it to her and with a nod, she turned and left the kitchen. Mark was still sitting on the verandah where she had left him.
“Will you be okay?” she asked.
“Fine.”
She watched him, hesitating, and then made to turn away.
“Carter.” 
She stopped. 
”Good luck.” 
The sun had disappeared and thunder rumbled overhead. The surface of the puddles behind her stippled with a billion raindrops. She turned away and walked down the steps, crossed the courtyard and disappeared through the gate.
TWENTY-TWO
There was the jungle, the road and the rain. It battered her head, the drops stinging her face, her ears, her shoulders, her arms. The drops merged into streams of water that washed over her skin and fell to the ground. Only she couldn’t see the ground. Hadn’t in days. It was always a puddle, a stream, a river.
She’d give anything for a hot cup of chocolate, for a night’s sleep where the ground wasn’t wet, where she didn’t have to keep her head above the water so it wouldn’t run in her mouth and her nose.
The mud was up to her calves, warm and smooth, sucking at her tired legs, holding them. She had to be careful not to walk through the puddles because they weren’t puddles. They were sinkholes, deep with mud. She walked barefoot, her shoes gone, lost days ago somewhere in the mud. 
She hoped she hadn’t awakened one morning and walked up the road the wrong way. It all looked the same, the jungle, the road, and the rain. It didn’t change. 
Under the giant leaves of a tree, the rain softened to a caress. She swung the pack free, set it down in the mud, and leaned back against the trunk. She must find a truck going east, only there were no trucks, no cars. The mud had swallowed them.
She scraped the mud from her legs and sat staring at the bandages around her ankles. They were turning black from mold. She carefully unwound the left bandage and winced. The cut was infected, her ankle swollen. The skin was stretched tight and it looked as if it would split wide open from the pressure. 
She reached for the pack and took out a knife, took a deep breath then put the blade on the hot skin and cut it open. Pus ran out and when it stopped, she scraped out the rest before washing the wound with rainwater. There was no more disinfectant. No more clean bandages. She washed out the old one and retied it, then checked her right ankle. It had healed and closed before the mud had a chance to move in.
Her hands were shaking, her fingers wrinkled as if she had been in the bath too long. They reminded her of the hands of a refugee after cholera had sucked the water from the skin cells. It was ironic, she thought, but then the gods loved irony. The veins on her arms stood out, the blood in them a deep blue. The bruises were a purple now, almost pretty. The bandage on her hand was dirty, but she left it in place. Nothing she could do for her broken fingers. 
“Rain, rain, go away . . .” and then there was a buzzing in her ears and she stopped singing.
The buzzing grew to a rumble and she tilted her head as it got louder. Suddenly she picked up her pack and ran back to the road.
The trucks were coming.
***
The rain stopped and the wet road turned into a cauldron of bubbling mud, the forest crowding in, threatening to take back the narrow strip of land that cut through it. Steam rose from the trees, the road, and her clothes. A blue butterfly flapped lazily across the road. She had never envied anything more. 
She sat sandwiched between the driver and a woman holding a sleeping baby in her arms. Next to the woman sat her husband and next to him the second wife, with whom he argued for fifteen slow miles. The windows were closed, the interior stuffy, hot. The smell of sweat and unwashed bodies was strong and she wished she had opted for sitting outside on the cargo.
The driver took his eyes off the road to look at her for the hundredth time. “You American?”
“Yes, American,” she said, wishing he would look back at the road.
He didn’t and the left wheel hit a rut. She screamed in pain.
“You hurt?” he asked his eyes still on her.
“Yes, I hurt,” she mumbled, holding her arm protectively around her ribs.
“I have no good een-geleash. French. Yes?”
“No,” she said.
The driver shrugged, turning his attention back to the road. She dozed off, finding some relief.
Sometime later the vibration of the motor stopped. She woke as the driver jumped out. They were stopped behind another truck on the road. Opening the door she carefully lowered herself from the truck’s cab into the warm mud that rose to her knees. Reaching the side of the road, she looked to see what the holdup was. The truck she was riding in stood behind a long line of trucks. The front of the line was around a curve up ahead and she wondered how many more trucks stood around the bend. All along the road, passengers and drivers sat or slept under the shade of the trees. A few cooking fires had been started and it looked like they were preparing to be there for a while.
She started forward, slogging her way to the front of the line where a crowd had gathered. They stood looking out over the swollen river at what remained of an old stone bridge left from colonial days, which was being fixed by a crew of workers. An orange jeep, with the words “Office Des Routes” stenciled on the door, stood to the side of the road and a white man leaned over the hood studying a map spread out before him. 
“Excuse me,” she said in French, “could you please tell me how long this is going to take?”
At the sound of her voice, the man turned to her. He opened his mouth to answer her but stopped suddenly, surprised. His eyes ran over her bruised face and puffy eyes, running down to her hands where they stopped. She put her hands behind her back, uncomfortable, but didn’t turn away.
“Are you all right?” he asked, a frown on his face. He studied her from under his bushy eyebrows.
“Fine, thank you. How long is this going to take?” she repeated her question.
“Two days,” he said and shrugged. “Maybe. If the rains start again, two weeks.”
She looked toward the bridge then back down the road. Two days. Two weeks. What did it matter? It would put the soldiers closer. She looked back at the man, guessing him to be Belgian. His weathered face was creased with lines of worry, or maybe it was irritation, she couldn’t tell. She knew she looked like somebody had used her for a punching bag.
She looked back at the bridge and watched as one of the workers, balanced on a log, crossed the gap to the other side. 
“I need to cross that bridge today. Can I walk across?”
He hesitated, looking to where a log spanned the first of three gaps. 
“It is dangerous.” He looked at her, at her bruises and continued, “But I will help you.”
He led the way down an incline to the bridge. The water was brown, the current strong and filled with debris. Downstream, along the river’s edge, she could make out the shapes of crocodiles sunning themselves among the carcasses of dead animals. If she fell in, they wouldn’t be hungry enough to eat her, she thought.
The Belgian stood waiting for her. The road workers stopped picking at the ancient stonework and watched her pass. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she walked to the edge of the first gap. A worker tied a rope around her waist then took her pack, slinging it over his shoulder and stepping onto the log. She watched as he crossed, his feet gripping the log with every step. He reached the other side quickly, making it look easy. Then it was her turn. The Belgian held the end of the rope tied around her waist.
“Thank you,” she said and he nodded. 
Her legs were shaking as she stepped onto the log, her bare feet feeling the rough grain of the bark. 
“Don’t look down,” the Belgian said.
Picking up her left foot, she took a step out over the water. Don’t look down, she told herself and concentrated on the face of the worker at the other end. He smiled at her in encouragement, his teeth white against his dark face. She took another step, then another. It wasn’t so bad, she thought. When she reached the other side, the worker held out his hand and she gripped it, stepping back onto the cold stone. 
 The next gap was smaller and she walked across it easily. The last gap was the biggest but her confidence had grown. The rope around her waist would not reach across this last gap and the Belgian released it. She pulled it across, handing the end to the worker and watched him start across the last gap, the end of the rope in his hand.
He was halfway across when the crowd behind her started shouting a warning. She looked back to see what the commotion was about. They were pointing up river at a huge tree floating down toward them. Frantically, she looked back at the worker to where he had stopped, staring at the tree heading his way. Suddenly galvanized into action, he quickly resumed his walk across. The tree crashed into the bridge, shaking its foundation and sending the log rolling. Desperately trying to stay on top of it, walking with the log as it rolled, his arms did crazy windmills in his attempt to regain balance. Horrified, she watched as he lost the battle and his body tipped toward the water, the rope still in his hand. He wasn’t letting it go.
Winding the rope around her arm, she turned and ran from the edge. The rope snapped tight, almost ripping her arm from her shoulder and she screamed in pain as it slammed her to the ground and dragged her toward the edge. With her free hand, she tried desperately to find something to hold on to, clawing the stone surface, her nails tearing. Her body swung out over the edge and she screamed as she plummeted down toward the brown, cold water. The impact knocked the breath out of her as the water closed in above her head, shutting her in a dark, still world.
The current pulled her down and she kicked out, fighting, struggling until her head cleared the water. Coughing and gasping, she swam toward the shore, the current carrying her downstream. She could see people along the water’s edge, waving their arms at her, shouting. The rope around her waist pulled her back, caught on something.
Taking a deep breath, she spun in the water and sank below it, her lungs burning, demanding air as she worked frantically at the knot. Finally working it free, she pushed up through the water and turned back to the shore. Her heart sank when she saw the current had placed her in the middle of the river again. She swam for the far shore determined not to turn back. 
The bridge disappeared as the water carried her around a bend. She was exhausted and her ribcage felt like a truck had driven over it. Her shoulder hurt with every stroke and breathing was becoming more difficult with every second, the pain overwhelming her.
She gave into the exhaustion, floating on her back and letting the current carry her down river. It was better this way she thought. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the feel of the warm sun on her face when she heard voices. A brown arm reached out to her, grabbed her around the chest, and pulled her out of the water. She lay on her back on the wooden floor of a pirogue. A man sat in front of her paddling for the shore. Not dead after all.
The village sat on the eastern shore of the river. At least something was going her way, she thought. The man helped her out of the boat and the entire village came to see what the waters had brought them. Hesitant smiles greeted her as she walked up the riverbank. The smallest children hid behind their mothers. The older ones dared to reach out and touch her, then quickly withdrew, their courage proved. They probably didn’t get to see too many white people float by, she thought.
Alone in the hut, the village stood at the door peeking in at her. She smiled at them, looked around, and then carefully sat down on a grass mat. The floor and walls were made of hard-packed red dirt and smelled heavily of vomit. Black soot stained the thatch roof and parts of the walls near the top. A cardboard box was used as a table, a worn out copy of the Bible lay on top of it, the cover torn off. A white candle, stuck in the top of a beer bottle, stood on the floor next to a neatly stacked pile of clothes. Pots and pans and shirts and a jacket hung from nails on the wall.
A young man entered the hut. He carried a bowl filled with delicious smelling food, which he placed in front of her before sitting down. Reaching out, he offered her his hand.
“Hello, my name is Ayesa,” he said, then gestured at the food. “Please, you must eat.”
She looked at the wooden bowl filled with fish and mushrooms served with bread. Giving him a smile of gratitude, she broke off a piece of bread and scooped up some of the fish. She ate quickly, Ayesa watching her every move.
“How is it you came to be in the river?”
”I fell in,” she said between bites.
He frowned, watching her. “But you are American?”
“Yep.”
He looked at her bare feet.
“You have no money for shoes?”
She shook her head.
“You have no money for food?”
She shook her head again.
“How is it a mondela like you comes to be in my country with no money?”
“Ayesa, I am very thankful for what your people have done for me,” she said, avoiding his question. “Can you tell me where I can find the road east?”
“The road is not far,” he said.
She finished the rice and wondered if she should repeat the question.
“I will take you,” he said after a while.
“Can we leave now?”
“You are in a hurry?”
“Yes.” 
He looked at the bowl of food she had managed to empty, then nodded again and stood up. She followed him out, the village parting to let them through.
He walked toward a shack, opened it, and brought out an old motorcycle. The seat was held in place with wires, the wheel spokes were bent, and huge rusted holes were eating away at the exhaust pipe. He smiled proudly at it as the village gathered round to watch them leave. 
Ayesa drove fast, avoiding ruts, but never slowing down for them. An hour later, they reached the road. The rain was coming down in thick sheets and they were forced to wait out the downpour. They sat under the giant leaves of an elephant ears plant waiting for it to lessen.
“Ayesa, go back to your village,” she said after a while. “I will take the road east.” 
“You cannot walk all that way.” 
“I will catch a ride with the first truck.”
“There will be no trucks. The bridge is broken.”
She gave him a little smile and turned back to watch the rain turn the road into an orange river of mud.
“Tell me about America. It is rich?” Ayesa asked.
“Yes, very.”
He looked back at the forest behind them before turning to her. “Then your forests must be full of elephant and gorilla, yes?”
She turned to look at him, “We have no elephant or gorilla.”
“No elephant!”
She shook her head.
“Gorilla?”
“No.”
“But you have forests.”
“Some, but not like this,” she said, looking back at the forest.
He sat thinking about it for a while. 
She smiled and picked up a stone, flinging it into the air and watching as it plopped into a puddle on the side of the road. 
“Where did you learn English?” 
“My father teach me. He was a teacher in the big city,” he said proudly. “I want to be a teacher at a big university in America. You can help me with this?”
She looked up at the leaves they sat under, avoiding his eager face. 
“Did you go to high school?”
“I have studied hard but the teacher in our village left two years ago. The government did not pay him. I wanted to go with him to the big city so I can finish with my school but he would not take me.” He looked away, a sad and frustrated expression replacing his usual smile. He said nothing for a while then turned back to her. “I have read many books and I teach the other children in my village. This is not enough?”
She hesitated, not wanting to give him false hope. His odds weren’t good, but they would improve a hell of a lot with her help.
“I will help you.”
His smile sprang back on to his face, lighting his skin from the inside with a glow that set his eyes sparkling. 
“You are a good person.”
The rain let up enough to allow them to continue. It took most of the afternoon to ride to the next village. They arrived wet and caked in mud. They spent the night in a hut belonging to relatives. She was an honored guest and the first bowl of dinner was handed to her. Everybody watched as she spooned up a mouthful of the stew. It was good and she smiled her thanks. Everybody smiled in approval. The dinner was eaten in silence around the warm fire, inside the smoky hut. The warm meal helped stop the shivering. After her second helping, she set her bowl down and turned to Ayesa.
“What was that? It was good.”
“Simbriki,” he said pleased at her approval. 
***
The next morning she sat outside the hut in a patch of sun, her back against the wall. She looked down at her hands. They were shaking. It had started last night. She woke up in the middle of the night screaming. After realizing there was no danger, the others had gone back to sleep. Her ankle was worse, the pain intense.
Ayesa had gone to find a local man who would sell them gas. He returned triumphant, a can in his right hand. She helped him refill the motorcycle and with a wave at the relatives, they left. The road was no drier than the previous day and progress was slow. The rain had stopped sometime in the night, but huge clouds still loomed over them.
At midday, a truck rumbled down the road toward them. More trucks followed, loaded down with weary passengers who watched them pass with blank, tired eyes. They came to a sudden stop when the road disappeared. Water had eaten away a large chunk of it and traffic was lined up on the other side, waiting for the truck, stuck in the hole, to climb out before the next truck in line attempted the challenge.
The hole was ten feet deep, fifty feet long and driving around it was impossible. The space between the hole and the trees of the forest was too narrow for a truck to pass. Enough room existed for drivers and passengers to sit around the hole and shout advice to the driver stuck in it.
Ayesa explained the inner workings of the road show as they watched the struggle. He pointed out the players and their functions. Every truck had its own mechanic, its own road assistance workers. It was the job of the road assistants to change broken wheels, dig the mud from wheels, and cut branches to shove under wheels. It was the job of the mechanic to keep the engine running, fix the transmission, and take the brunt of the driver’s anger when delayed. They worked hard. It was the rainy season.
The truck in the pit roared to life as the driver gunned the engine. The wheels spun, throwing mud in the air, and then finally found purchase and the truck lurched forward and up the embankment onto solid ground. Cheers rang out and the next truck in line lumbered into the hole. A cable was hooked to the previous truck, now on solid ground. With the next truck pulled clear, the first truck’s duty was completed and it rumbled down the road.
They set off again and she sat shivering, her eyes closed against the rain. Meeting Ayesa had been a lucky break. She had been due one. With his motorcycle, they covered a lot more miles than she would have been able to do by truck. They bought fuel along the road at small villages, where it was stored in steel drums. For lunch, they ate palm grubs fried with salt and hot peppers called pili-pili.
On the third day, the rain stopped. They rounded a bend and Ayesa swerved to avoid hitting a group of pygmies crossing the road. The front tire smashed into a rock and they were thrown. At least it was a soft landing, she thought, as she extracted herself from the mud. Ayesa stood over the motorcycle examining the tire. It was bent.
He shook his head slowly, his eyes on the wheel. The group of pygmies came to see what the problem was. They stood around the motorcycle, examining it and talking amongst themselves, their heads nodding as they drew their own conclusions. A man moved towards her, talking in his own language. His teeth were filed down into little points giving him an evil look. She stepped away as he reached out to touch her.
“What is he saying?”
“He said there are soldiers up the road looking for a white woman.”
The terror at the words was instantaneous.
“Ask him where exactly?”
Ayesa spoke a while with the man while the other pygmies, three women and a man stood eyeing her, great pointy smiles on their faces. The women carried baskets strapped to their backs and filled with manioc roots. They wore stiff grass skirts that made them look like rain forest ballerinas.
“It is on the road east at Nia Nia. The soldiers stopped them and demanded meat from them. They asked if they had seen a white woman.”
 She doubted that there was another white woman they were looking for. Her body was weak, her leg infected. Between the river and the road, she was close to exhaustion. There were soldiers behind her and now soldiers ahead. 
After Nia Nia, there would be Mambasa, then south to Beni, and eventually Goma. In Goma, she would find Kevin and he would put her on the first UN plane out. She would be safe then. She just had to make it past soldiers in every little town between here and the camps in Goma. Blending in was hard to do. A white woman traveling this road was very unusual, something that everyone seeing her would remember. 
“Do not worry. They will help you. The pygmies will take you through the forest. It is a path that will take you past Nia Nia.”
“You are not coming?”
He looked back at his bike.
She nodded, understanding. It was better this way. He didn’t need the trouble. They shook hands as he memorized her address in America. He would write. He was happy to have a friend in America. 
The pygmies led the way into the forest and she concentrated on keeping up. The ground was soft with leaves and she felt sheltered from the wide, open road and the dangers it contained. The terror subsided with every mile and she fell into the rhythmic pace the pygmies set.
The sound of monkeys high above in the canopy woke her in the morning, and she rose to find the pygmies already up, sitting around the fire eating a breakfast of leftover meat and mushrooms.
One of the pygmy women stared at the angry red wound around her ankle, then stood up and walked to where her basket lay. Scrounging through it, she returned with something wrapped in a leaf. She handed it to over and indicated that she should put it on her wound. JC folded back the leaves and winced at the strong smell of rotting meat. It was covered in maggots. She shook her head and tried to give it back.
The woman insisted, her scowl making JC feel like a child. Swallowing hard, she dipped a finger in the gooey paste and gently picked out a maggot. It squirmed between her fingers, its tiny white body frantic. She transferred it to her skin and watched it dig into her flesh. She picked out another one and repeated the process. Five should do the job just fine, she decided. She wrapped up the rest and handed it back, nodding her head in thanks, and trying not to think about the maggots eating away at her rotten flesh.
By midafternoon, the trees suddenly gave way, the sun blinding her. They had reached the road again. She turned to thank the pygmies, but they disappeared back into the forest with quick waves and pointy smiles.
The town of Nia Nia now lay behind her. To the east, the road disappeared over a rise. She started walking, the maggots tickling as they did their work. She kept to the edge of the road and out of the mud. It was drying fast in the hot afternoon sun.
She ate fruit gathered from the forest and slept by the side of the road. The next morning the sound of a truck approaching woke her. It was going east. She flagged it down and the truck stopped. She climbed on board, sitting on the cargo with two men who made room for her.
“How far to Mambasa?” she asked the man sitting next to her.
“One morning,” he shouted back over the noise of the engine.
“Hatari, Hatari!” shouted the other man pointing ahead.
She swiveled her head forward to see what the fuss was about and ducked as a low branch missed her face by inches. Hatari meant danger: a good word to remember. 
***
Mambasa consisted of mud houses surrounding a brick church and a school building. A tea plantation grew along the road.
The truck rumbled down the main street, coming to a stop beside a huge tree. She scrambled down, then made her way to the mission house. Apart from the truck she had arrived in, the only other car was a gold Mercedes parked in front of the mission. She stopped at the sight and spun around, heading in the opposite direction.
She leaned against a tree, her head spinning. She needed food, needed clean water, but she had no money. She looked back at the mission wondering if she should take the chance that the Mercedes didn’t belong to soldiers. Only one way to find out.
She opened the side door slowly and waited for any noise to give away human presence. She heard nothing and opened the door wider, slipping inside. She waited a second for her eyes to adjust then walked down the hallway past the empty rooms to the back of the mission house. A kitchen led off the hall and she hesitated when she heard voices from the other end of the house. She tiptoed across the shiny red floor and opened a cupboard. Plates, some glasses. She closed it quietly and tried another. Bottles of medication stood in neat rows, some labeled, others not. She grabbed a handful of aspirins, and some bandages, then closed it, and glanced around the kitchen looking for a pantry.
An alcove led to another room and she stepped toward it. Inside, the shelves lay stocked with bags of potatoes, flour, sugar, oil, apples, salt, and cans of tinned food. She grabbed a loaf of bread and tore a piece off, taking a bite. Then she grabbed a plastic bag off a shelf and emptied the contents on the floor. Some clothes and an old gun clattered to the floor. She paused staring at the gun, then picked it up, and put it in the bag.
She filled the bag with food then turned to leave, only to stop suddenly. She hadn’t noticed the alcove had a metal cage door. It was wide open, the lock carelessly thrown on the floor.
It had been too easy. The gate was probably always locked against thieves like herself. The scrape of a chair on the kitchen floor sent a jar up her spine. There was no way out but through the kitchen. 
The soldier sat leaning back in the chair, his feet propped on the table. He peeled an apple, the skin coming off in one long strip of green. Cutting a slice, he lifted it to his mouth before looking up at her, his eyes blank. She stepped forward through the alcove and stopped. A soldier stood on either side, a gun pointed at her.
She lifted a piece of bread to her mouth and took another bite, chewing slowly.
“Thieves are killed in this country, Miss Carter.”
She shrugged. “So are children.”
He took the bag from her hand and emptied it. The food spilled out, the gun clattering onto the polished red cement.
“What you be needing an empty gun for, Miss Carter?”
“Fishing.”
“Fishing?” He tossed the gun on the table. “It is no good. You need bullets,” he said and took a couple from his gun belt. He loaded the gun, clicked it shut. He turned to her and held it against her temple. She stopped breathing but kept her eyes on his.
“You are lucky today, Miss Carter,” he smiled slowly. “I will let you live.” The soldiers behind her laughed.
TWENTY-THREE
 She sat on the back seat, her hands tied, a soldier on each side of her. The interior of the Mercedes was old and worn. The seat had no springs left and every bump in the road jarred as the Mercedes wound its way west on the road back to Nia Nia. The windows were rolled up and she thought she was going to suffocate. Curious stares from passersby followed the car down the road. When it got stuck, the soldiers jumped out and recruited a few volunteers at gunpoint to pull and push the car from the mud. Once she even thought she saw Joseph.
“You have beautiful eyes,” the Sergeant said.
He had turned around in his seat his eyes on her, his hand on her leg. She moved out of his reach and looked away, ignoring him. He moved closer to touch her face and she avoided his hand by leaning back. Angered, he grabbed her shirt and pulled her forward until her face was inches from his. Then he laughed and released her, turning away.
Her fear was slowly being replaced by anger, the outrage inside her increasing with the heat of the day. Her mouth was dry and her tongue felt swollen. She concentrated on the tickle of the maggots in the flesh around her ankle.
They stopped for the night along the road, the soldiers demanding food from those camped for the night. A few civilians were gathered to build a fire and she was tied to a tree, the rope cutting into her wrists. She watched them eat and looked back at the forest behind her.
A man walked into the light of the fire, his voice low and respectful as he approached cautiously. The soldiers didn’t stop eating, just watched him, their guns close. 
It was Joseph.
He looked thin and tired, but she had never seen a more beautiful person in her life. Had he even recognized her? She wanted to jump up and scream out his name but forced herself to be quiet. He wouldn’t just leave her here. He didn’t look at her and she hid the recognition on her face as he spoke to the soldiers. He handed over a few bottles of palm wine then with one quick look at her. He walked back into the darkness.
Hours later, their eyes were glazed, their guns forgotten on the ground next to them. All except the sergeant and one other soldier on guard duty at the edge of the firelight. He had refused the wine. She felt a touch on her arm and barely stopped herself from screaming. She felt the rope around her wrists being cut and kept her eyes on the sergeant who stood up suddenly and moved away from the fire toward her. The rope fell away, but she kept her hands behind her as somebody pressed a gun into her hands.
Did he know what was happening? The sergeant knelt down in front of her touching her leg, his hand running up her skin.
“Don’t touch me,” she said slowly and kicked his hand away.
He laughed and the guard on duty walked over to watch. Revulsion slammed into her but she concentrated on keeping her hands behind her back. There were too many of them. She had to wait for Joseph to back her up, but he was taking too long. The gun in her left hand was cold and it was awkward to hold. Her right hand was still bandaged, her fingers bent. It wouldn’t be much use to her now. 
“You are nervous because you have not had a black man, but do not worry. After me, a white man will never be enough again,” he laughed, his mouth wide open, his teeth flashing.
Anger, deep and furious, rose up inside her. She watched his smile disappear as she brought the gun from behind her back and held it to his temple. 
”Do you think this one has bullets, Romeo?”
The soldier with the gun snapped to attention, bringing his automatic up and pointing it at her. 
“Tell him to throw it in the bushes.”
He said nothing, his eyes shifting to the soldiers around the fire. She followed his gaze. One had passed out and the other sat dazed staring at the fire.
“No help there. Tell him to drop it.”
He said something to the soldier who hesitated before throwing his rifle at some bushes, but missing by a long shot. It was still too close for comfort, but there was nothing she could do about it now. She heard someone crashing through the undergrowth behind her and spun around, keeping the gun pointed at his head. Joseph walked out of the forest with his hands raised, a soldier behind him holding a gun on his back.
“Shit!” she whispered fiercely as Joseph threw her an apologetic look.
“I will let your friend go, but first you must give me this gun,” the sergeant said, a smile on his face.
She couldn’t trust him, she knew that. He would never let Joseph or her walk away from this. 
“Let him go,” she said. “I will kill you.”
She knew she meant it the second she heard herself say it. She had enough anger and bitterness inside her to watch them all die. People were killed here all the time and nobody would stop it from happening. Nobody would arrest her or punish her. She would let the system work for her for a change, because it had damn well worked against her so far. Nothing to it. Just shoot the fuckhead. She tightened her grip on the gun, her hands completely steady, her mind focused.
“You cannot kill me,” he laughed. “You are a white woman. Maybe you don’t even like to see a chicken die.”
“I like chickens. I don’t like you,” she hissed. “Let him go.”
He smiled and moved away from the gun, his smile confident.
She pulled the trigger. 
The bullet entered his head just above the left eye, freezing the smile on his face. It exited the back of his head and ripped his brains out as it left. She swiveled around and aimed at the soldier behind Joseph, who dropped to the ground. She pulled the trigger again, the bullet catching the soldier in the stomach. He screamed in agony, raised his gun, and fired at her. A bullet smashed through her arm and an incredible heat exploded from the center of impact. Ignoring the pain, she fired again and this time a bullet caught him in the head. The remaining soldier lunged toward his gun. Her arm was useless, hanging at her side as she lunged after him. He brought up his gun as she slammed into him. The impact sent the automatic’s barrel pointing at the sky, firing wide as they hit the ground. Bullets ripped leaves from the trees above. Joseph joined the struggle, grabbing the gun and pointing it at the soldier as he lay sprawled on the ground next to her.
She lay on her back gasping in pain, the gun still clutched in her hand, the barrel burning her skin. Joseph helped her up. Blood ran down over her hand and the gun she clutched. 
A crowd of onlookers closed in on the two remaining soldiers stretched out at the fireside, passed out from too much drink. 
Nobody liked the soldiers. 
 One of them noticed the change in the air and woke enough from his drunken stupor to know he was in trouble. He tried to stumble to his feet, but tripped and fell to the ground. He lay mumbling as a couple of youths carrying large rocks in their hands brought them down hard on his face, smashing his skull. Others joined in, using anything they could find as a weapon. The other man on the ground awoke with the first kick to his stomach. He tried to turn his face away as he was beaten to death. JC passed out.
***
It started raining as Joseph reached the Mercedes, JC in his arms. He eased her onto the passenger seat and got in behind the wheel. The tires spun in the mud as he turned it around and headed up the road.
Ten miles later, he was forced to abandon the car to its muddy grave. Her arm was still bleeding, the bullet still lodged in the flesh. He tied a bandage torn from his shirt around her arm. She woke as he pulled her from the car and staggered through the night following him, the gun still in her hand. He had tried taking it from her, but she had only clutched it tighter. She passed out again and he picked her up, carrying her slung over his shoulder. The gun dropped from her hand into the mud. He left it there.
At daybreak, he cut into the forest, stopping when he came to a stream. She was unconscious when he put her down and left her there, returning to the road. She woke a couple of times, mumbling and feverish. The pain was intense, her arm on fire and when she tried to sit up she screamed in pain, falling back as the blackness closed in.
Joseph returned before sunset with supplies: food, disinfectant, a first aid kit, and a knife. She was mumbling in her sleep. He reached over and felt her head. She was hot to the touch. He picked up the knife and sprayed it with disinfectant. Putting his knee on her shoulder, he held her arm with one hand and the knife with the other. Then he made one quick deep cut over the bullet hole. Her eyes sprang open and she screamed. He applied more pressure with his knee and held her down as the knife dug into the wound. He couldn’t get hold of the bullet. He dropped the knife and reached in with his fingers, trying to grip the slippery steel, but only pushed it further in. She passed out.
He reached for the knife and made another cut, deeper this time. He couldn’t see through the blood and poured water over the hole, wiping the blood away. He reached in again, his fingers clamping on the bullet and pulled it out. He looked at it, making sure it was all there, and satisfied, he turned to the fire, thrusting the knife into the hot coals. He applied some disinfectant on the gaping hole then looked at his handiwork and shrugged. What else could he have done? With the knife blade glowing, he pressed it to her flesh, closing the cut.
***
Walking down an embankment to the river’s edge, she found a rock to sit on where she could watch the path down to the water. Small plots of corn, manioc, and papayas stood along the river’s edge. Dipping her feet in the water, she washed quickly, then sat in the sun to dry and wait. Her arm still ached, but it was healing. The skin was puckered and burnt where Joseph had cut the bullet out. The infection around her ankle had healed. The maggots had dropped out when there was no dead meat left to eat. They had cleaned it out beautifully.
 Her skirt hung heavy when she walked, but she knew it would dry quickly in the heat. She had stolen it four days ago. She winced at the thought, but she had no choice. Her old clothes had almost fallen off her body after five weeks on the road. With no money, they had been forced to find food, living off fruit picked in the forest. Most people shared what little they had, but even in a jungle, where vegetation was so abundant, ironically food was not.
A bush taxi hurled itself down the street toward a group of people waiting in the sun. It was a small minibus, bright purple with huge white letters on the windscreen proclaiming its title, “Sweet Serenity.” It came to a dusty, screeching halt, the doors burst open, and passengers piled out. The driver got out to stretch his legs. He took a pee against a palm tree.
“Come,” Joseph said, “we must go with the matatu.”
“We can’t afford it, Joseph.”
“The driver is my father’s cousin. He will let us ride for free.”
Joseph crossed the road and exchanged some words with the driver who seemed happy enough to see him and he waved her over. He would be happy to help, Muhammad said, and offered her the seat next to him. Huge African families had advantages, she decided.
***
When the bush taxi was filled and it didn’t seem like a small child would be able to squeeze in, the last two passengers were pushed in from behind and the doors quickly closed. It made fifteen total in a bus made for eight. She felt lucky to be riding up front holding a chicken. It sat quietly in her lap, used to public transport. She carefully stretched out a hand so as not to frighten it and gently touched the top of its rubbery head. They left the bumpy town roads and their progress slowed as the mud sucked at the tires. 
“Every year these roads get worse. I have been driving this road twenty years now and never has it been this bad,” Muhammad shouted.
Waving his left hand in the air to make his frustration clearer, he accidentally knocked the chicken on the head. She grabbed it before it escaped out the window and held it tight to her chest.
“When I first start driving this rode from Kisangani to Uganda it takes me one day,” the driver continued as if never interrupted, his arm still flying about in anger. “This in the rainy season. Now it takes four weeks. The government does not care. It does not fix the road. When the whites ruled, the roads were good, but the pay little. Now the work is harder, the pay is less and the roads bad.”
As if to prove his point, the tires spun as the matatu tried to climb out of a particularly deep hole. He swore, stuck his head out the window, and gunned the engine, which didn’t help. 
They reached Mambasa after dark, almost falling on top of it. The sudden appearance of people and lights startled her. The matatu rolled up to a thatch-roofed bar and the passengers disappeared quickly into the night. She walked slowly up the stairs, reciting the lyrics of a rap song they had listened to for the last twenty miles. She came out a minute later, an ice cold beer in her hand. She opened it, closing her eyes as she took the first sip. Joseph sat down next to her and she offered him the bottle.
“We have no more money, Joseph.”
“I know this. Beer from the fridge, it costs two times a warm beer.”
“I’m not sorry.”
Joseph shrugged and took another sip and handed it back. They sat quietly, sipping the beer and listening to the deafening silence.
“Why are you not back in Goma, Joseph?”
He sighed, scratched his head, and turned to her. “It was a bad thing. I was very sick and did not have strength to walk. I stayed in a village, but when the rains came, the river took the village with it. Many people died. I found the road east and I walked until a soldier show me his gun and say I must push the car from the mud. It is your face I see in the car.”
“Thank you, Joseph. You could have been killed.”
“It was not my time,” he shrugged. “The day a monkey must die, all the trees get slippery.”
She nodded slowly at his wisdom and took a sip. 
***
She woke up as the sun crept over the trees and crawled across the wet grass under her cheek. Standing up, she limped to the water’s edge. Little waves washed over her feet. She rinsed the mud from her hair and skin then turned back to the shore. 
Joseph stood there waiting for her.
“It is a good morning,” he said, a smile on his face.
“Where are we?”
“It is not far now. This is Lake Edward. On the other side,” he said, pointing to the shore they could not see, “that is Uganda. Goma is that way, but the war,” Joseph said slowly, “it is here.”
“How do you know?”
“Come,” he said, turning away.
He led the way through the trees toward the road. At first, she wasn’t sure what she heard, and then the noise grew louder. It was the road, she realized. It was the sound of thousands of feet. The stream of people, miles long, walked steadily west. A few trucks and cars drove slowly along, weighed down with three times the people and cargo they normally carried. It was deathly quiet for so many people.
“Where are they going?”
Joseph shrugged. “Away from the fighting.”
The camps would probably be fine, she told herself. The fighting wouldn’t include them. The agencies wouldn’t just leave all those people and evacuate. They couldn’t, she thought, and turned east against the stream of people. The faces around her were blank, eyes focused ahead. She pushed against the people that, in their numbers, almost carried her with them.
Joseph stood still in the flow and watched her struggle upstream.
“Wait!” he shouted. 
She didn’t hear him, just kept walking, staring at the faces of dead souls. Faces that hinted what was to come would be worse. She could escape, go back to America. They could not walk away from it, no matter how far they went. 
 “You will not go to Goma this way,” he said, frowning at her. “Come,” he said and pulled her into the forest.
She let him lead her down a tiny forest path, watching his arm swing a machete at the overhanging branches. 
“Is this a shortcut?” she asked, wondering where he got the machete.
“Yes. Shortcut,” he said, giving a particularly low branch a hard whack. The path led past a noisy group of colobus monkeys who paused to watch them pass and scream monkey obscenities at them.
***
They had been walking for hours. Twice Joseph stopped to consider their direction before following another path. The first time she said nothing, just stood watching him, swatting the flies and bees away from her eyes and nose. The second time she had to ask.
“I thought you said this was a shortcut.”
“Yes,” Joseph nodded and chopped a branch above his head. 
“Do you have any idea where Goma is?” she asked quietly, too tired to speak louder.
“Yes. Goma is there,” he said, pointing with the machete in the direction they were walking.
“There?” 
“Yes,” he nodded. “It is a good place for it to be.”
“No doubt.”
She took the machete from him and walked ahead. Branches poked her eyes and little ants fell down her back, biting her.
A distant popping sound stopped her hand in mid-air, and she snapped her head around, listening.
“Gunfire,” he said slowly.
They reached the edge of the forest and paused in the safety of the shadows. On the horizon lay the active volcano, the blue shimmer of Lake Kivu on the right and Goma. A huge white plume of smoke rose into the sky above it.
“It is not too late. We can go back.”
“It has been too late to turn back for a long time, Joseph. Go find your family. I’ll be fine now.”
She wished she had something to give him besides her thanks. She gave him a hug and he stood stiff in her embrace, uncomfortable. She stepped out of the shade into the harsh sun and crossed the open grass. 
TWENTY-FOUR
He turned and walked back into the forest, mumbling to himself about the stupidity of foreigners. She had walked a mile down the deserted dirt road before he caught up with her. She stood staring at an anti-tank mine that had been removed from its hiding place and now lay on the side of the road. A truck full of soldiers rolled down the road toward them and Joseph pulled her into the tall grass as the truck roared past, orange dust rising from its tires. They waited for the dust to settle before walking back onto the road, careful to stay in the tire tracks.
A few locals walked nervously along the road, wasting little time in getting where they were going. A corpse lay in the grass, flies and ants crawling over it. A crow wormed its head deep into the stomach and came out dripping. 
Huts, just off the road, looked deserted. No dogs barked, no birds sang and the smell of fire was pungent, the air breathless with fumes. She caught sight of the first buildings, the windows broken and blackened with smoke. Some still burned.
Joseph pulled her on. They stopped in the main square. There were no aid workers in their blue and white T-shirts, no colorful tables under the trees outside. The local women with their bright skirts were gone. It was empty, and all that remained was the heavy stink of burnt flesh and rotting blood. Any walls left standing had punch marks left by explosions, pockmarks from bullets.
They walked up a road, past a garden with big yellow sunflowers and turned left, hiding in a partially burnt building. Two soldiers appeared on their right. One had linked two hundred rounds of machine-gun ammunition into a single belt that draped around his body and fed into his gun. 
They waited twenty minutes then left their hiding place. The UNHCR building lay ahead. The compound gates were open, the front door lay smashed on the ground. The building was looted.
“This is very bad,” he said.
“Yes. Very, very bad.”
“Maybe they will know something at the mission. The sisters never leave, even when things are bad.”
They left through the open gates. Reaching the end of the road, a whistling in the sky grew louder and Joseph shouted, “Run!” 
She ran. 
The road behind her exploded and the force smashed her to the ground. Joseph screamed as a shard of metal lodged in his cheekbone and he slammed to the ground. She picked herself up and helped him to his feet, then pulled him down the road, running. The wooden door to the mission stood open and, leaving Joseph leaning against a wall, she ducked inside. The courtyard was deserted.
“Hello,” she called.
Her voice echoed around the walls before silence returned. She pulled Joseph inside, bolted the great door and walked through an entrance that led to a kitchen. Holes were ripped through concrete walls in neat rows of automatic gunfire. All the furniture was gone, including the kitchen sink. In the kitchen, a spilled flour bag lay like a deflated balloon against one wall, a lone chicken pecking at the maggots crawling in the flour. It paused to eye her, and returned to its feast.
Joseph sat down on the floor in the courtyard, his back against a wall. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. His shirt was soaked with blood. She leaned over him to examine the shard lodged in his cheek.
“We are going to have to pull that out.”
 Joseph opened his eyes and nodded. 
 Carefully gripping the metal shard, she yanked it out. He screamed, pushing her away. Blood poured between his fingers as he held his cheek. She tore a strip of material from her skirt, making a bandage. She would have to clean it better when she had some boiling water. It would have to do for now.
“I’ll go see what I can find.”
Joseph nodded, lying down to rest on the cold courtyard floor. She needed to make a fire, maybe, if she was lucky, find some food. Avoiding broken glass, she picked her way across the kitchen and limped down a corridor, trailing white footprints of flour down the red shiny hallway. Carefully poking her head in rooms, she wandered through the empty halls.
On the second floor, a huge wooden closet lay overturned on the floor. It was empty.
What had she expected?
A shadow from under the closet caught her eye. She crawled across the floor and carefully reached under it. It was a long black gown. She looked at her clothes again then back at the gown and shrugged. It was cleaner than what she was wearing. She walked out the door and searched the rest of the rooms but found nothing and returned to the kitchen with the bad news. Joseph’s head lay at an uncomfortable angle his eyes closed. He was asleep.
***
A pile of firewood lay behind the kitchen and she grabbed some paper from the kitchen floor. She found a can, cleaned it out, and filled it with water. Placing it over the fire, she waited for it to boil. Then waking Joseph, she cleaned out the wound as best she could before re-wrapping the bandage.
Food was next on the list and she turned and stared at the chicken as it pecked away at the flour. She would need a knife. She knew from her search for the matches that there wasn’t one in the building. An image flashed through her mind of a body on the street, a machete still clutched in its hand.
The street was quiet now, the gunfire coming from the other end of town. The body was still there. She glanced down the darkening road and back to the mission.
“Just do it quickly,” she told herself.
Holding her breath, she walked toward the body and grabbed the rigid hand, trying to loosen its grip on the machete. The fingers were stiff and cold and she yanked the index finger back and heard it crack.
 “Sorry, mister, but you don’t need this anymore and I do. So just let go.” 
She yanked hard, moving the body a few inches. She yanked harder, causing the whole body to jerk, but the fingers were not going to budge.
“Mister, let go or I’ll have to break your fingers.”
Stop talking to a dead guy, she told herself and just do it.
She snapped the fingers back and the machete came loose. She ran back to the mission, her heart racing, and slammed the door behind her, locking it. She put some more wood on the fire, thrust the machete in it, and then washed it. The chicken had settled down on a window ledge, looking up at her as she entered.
“Look, this is nothing personal,” she said. “I like chickens. Really, I do. It’s just that we haven’t had enough to eat.”
Chickens and dead guys. She was talking to both and concluded she was a lot sicker than she first thought.
She edged forward, the machete raised, and the chicken turned to face her. She could do it, she told herself. She was hungry enough. 
The chicken flapped up over her head and bolted for the door, clucking hysterically at the sudden realization that death was at hand. She ran after it, cornering it in the courtyard.
“Just give up. Die with some dignity. Believe me, I’m cleverer than you are. It’s a proven medical fact. Running away is only going to delay the inevitable.”
The chicken clucked louder, darting around for an escape.
She dove forward, pinning it to the ground. Once caught, the chicken seemed to give up its struggle.
After an hour of plucking, she decided the feathers that remained could just burn off. She speared the chicken on a metal pole, then rigged it over the fire and sat back, watching it cook. She looked up at the dark sky and stars, and wondered when the day had turned to night. She listened to the crickets, the gunfire gone.
A tiny noise from the darkness beyond the kitchen door found its way into her mind. She stiffened and looked casually to her right, where the machete lay next to the fire. She pulled it closer.
It was quiet again.
Somebody was in the house and she looked at Joseph to see if he had heard it. He sat staring at the fire, oblivious to the tension that gripped her. Her first instinct was to run, to get out and as far away as she could, but what lay outside the courtyard door was worse. There was no place to hide. A movement in the dark kitchen doorway made her jump to her feet, the machete raised.
Footsteps ran through the kitchen and disappeared into the hallway beyond. Surprised, she lowered the machete. Now what? Leave it alone, she told herself. If she didn’t bother it, it wouldn’t bother her. That was the rule.
She sat down and turned the chicken, the machete on her lap.
It did bother her.
She could go after it now or she could stay up all night hoping it wouldn’t come after them. Gripping the machete, she stood and faced the doorway.
“If you play with a razor, you will bleed,” Joseph said, staring at the fire like a zombie.
“Thanks, buddy. Just keep an eye on the chicken, okay?”
Cautiously, she stepped into the darkened kitchen. She waited for her eyes to adjust then walked down the corridor, her hand on the wall guiding her. She stopped to listen and waited. Ten minutes later, she was rewarded with a sound. 
It came from below her. 
The concrete floor was cold and smooth under her feet as she felt her way through the darkness to a door that led to the basement. She yanked the door open, the machete raised. The only thing that rushed at her was the overpowering smell of rotting flesh and a cloud of flies. She slammed the door closed and forced the vomit down. She turned away, walking back the way she had come. Outside she gasped uncontrollably, her lungs demanding clean air. 
She had to calm down. She was on her knees, leaning on the machete, her legs weak and trembling. Reluctantly, she turned back to the building. Screwing up her courage, she moved carefully forward. Something shoved past her and she twisted around in time to see the small figure of a child race up the stairs. 
TWENTY-FIVE
She scrambled up the stairs, feeling her way to the door. In the courtyard, she found the small boy desperately trying to work the bolt on the front gate. Joseph sat next to the fire watching the scene despondently.
“He does not look so dangerous,” Joseph said shaking his head.
She ignored him and walked slowly toward the boy. Screaming like a tortured animal, he spun around to face her, terror in his huge eyes. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he looked for an escape. His eyes locked on the machete in her hand and she dropped it to the ground, realizing what it must look like to him. It clattered on the courtyard stones, the echo bouncing off the walls.
“See, it’s okay. I won’t hurt you. I promise.”
His tiny chest heaved in manic bursts and she wished she could speak his language. He was about six, she guessed, and wondered where his parents were. He clutched a bundle to his chest. 
“Joseph, help me out here.”
He just shrugged. “You must be careful of the stick and your eye,” he muttered and returned to watching the fire.
She knelt down on the cobblestones and smiled at the little boy. It only caused him to bolt to the far corner of the courtyard, his back to the wall. Sitting down on her haunches, she sighed and watched him. This wasn’t going to get either one of them anywhere. After a while, she stood up and walked back to the fire.
The smell of roasted chicken permeated the courtyard, causing her stomach to growl and cramp. She was hungry enough to eat it half cooked.
She glanced at the little boy, at the bundle he carried. He had stopped watching her, his eyes on the chicken. Hunger probably drove him out of his hiding place. Blood had crusted on his hair. His shorts were too big and he had no shoes. He clutched the bundle tighter to his chest when he noticed her looking at it. It was almost half his size and it looked heavy and cumbersome, but he wasn’t about to let it go.
Carefully she placed the chicken on clean paper and tore a leg off. She held it out to the boy. He stared at her outstretched hand, not taking his eyes off the food, but he still didn’t budge.
 Shrugging, she turned to Joseph, giving him the leg and then pulled off the other one for herself. It burnt all the way down her throat and it was black on the outside and pink inside. She had never tasted anything better. She watched from the corner of her eye as the little boy walked slowly over and stood on the edge of flickering firelight.
She smiled at him and offered him the piece. He laid his bundle carefully on the ground and approached her cautiously, his eyes flicking between her and the chicken she held out to him. He grabbed it and bolted back to the other side of the fire. He tore the chicken into small pieces between his teeth and transferred them in his small hand to feed the bundle.
She stood up and walked slowly around the fire, not wanting to scare him with any sudden movement. She need not have bothered. His attention was focused on his bundle.
It was a baby, its tiny brown face barely visible in the folds of the blanket. It lay still, its eyes closed.
“Oh my,” she whispered, scaring the daylights out of the little boy who jumped up, ready to grab his bundle and run. This time she caught him and picked him up. He kicked out and his tiny fists connected with her face. Wrapping her arms around him, she drew him close and held him until his tiny body stopped fighting.
 “Shhh. It’s okay. Everything is going to be fine,” she soothed and wished with all her heart that she knew it for a certainty.
His head rested on her arm. She wiped the tears from his cheeks then slowly sat down with him on her lap.
“Now, let’s see what you are protecting with all your little might.”
He didn’t protest as she moved the blanket aside to look at the baby’s face. She touched its skin, feeling for any warmth. It was warm, just barely.
She guessed it to be about six months old but it was hard to tell for sure. Children’s ages here were not related to size. Malnourished, they looked younger than their actual ages. What a huge responsibility for such small shoulders, she thought.
Carefully sitting the boy down on the ground, she handed him some chicken and he ate it hungrily, watching her as he chewed. The blanket was dirty and covered in feces. Probably diarrhea, if not cholera. She had seen too many babies like it at the camp. She carefully unwrapped the baby and holding the limp, naked body in her arms, tried to force water into her tiny pink mouth. She felt helpless, wishing she could just get in her car and drive to the hospital. What she needed was an IV. The baby was dehydrated.
The little boy watched her intently, his eyes hopeful. Between bites, he opened his mouth and talked to her, pointing at the baby.
“I don’t know, little guy. She’s in pretty bad shape.” 
He looked at her questioningly, wiped his runny nose on the back of his hand, and took another bite of the chicken. There had to be something she could do. She placed the tin with some water and a piece of chicken in the fire and waited. Burning her fingers, she removed the boiling cup from the fire and let the broth cool down. She blew on it, watching as the little boy finished his chicken then lay down on the cobblestones, his eyes still on her but threatening to close. After five minutes, he gave up the struggle.
She stood up with the baby in her arms and went to the bathroom. She washed the crusted dirt and feces from the baby’s body and dried it with what was left of an old T-shirt. She wrapped it in her clean skirt. She washed the blanket and hung it up to dry. Sitting back down next to the fire, she cradled it in her arms and tried to feed the baby the cooled down broth. It didn’t work.
She massaged the tiny body, trying anything she could think of and getting no response. Sometime during the night, she gave up and sat with the baby in her arms, rocking it back and forth. Joseph watched her from across the fire.
“Why you do this?” he asked. “It will not live.”
“But I must try.”
“And the boy? What will you do with him?”
“I will take him to Kevin.”
“He comes from Kevin.”
“Why do you say that?”
“He said he ran away when the soldiers came to the camps. He is Hutu.”
Joseph turned back to the dying fire. “In the morning, I will go looking for my family.”
She didn’t try sleeping. It only brought nightmares. She sat feeding the fire, staring at the flames, letting them hypnotize her. Not sleeping kept her mind too tired to think about the dead in the basement. It kept the past in its place, and let the future take care of itself. 
She wondered when she had fallen into the habit of keeping her mind in the present. She wasn’t a person anymore, more like a robot, doing things that were necessary without thinking about why. Making it to tomorrow was her only victory and living completely in the now kept the panic at bay. 
Nothing affected her. Not the baby dying in her arms. Not the little boy sleeping on the cold stones. None of it mattered because there wasn’t anything she or anybody could do about it. She smiled, her mouth turning up in bitterness as she realized fatalism had set in.
She touched the little boy’s face and stroked his cheek, knowing deep down that the truth had been there for a while. She was like him. Alone and lost in a world capable of infinite evil, her body as easily hurt and invaded, her life as easily destroyed. She turned her face up as an orange glow invaded the dark sky and the earth rumbled to life. 
The volcano was erupting.
***
 
Clutching the baby, she slid the bolt back on the door and opened it. She looked down the road before cautiously stepping out and turning to the northern sky. 
It was on fire. 
Lava shot into the sky casting the town in eerie brilliance. Smoke rose from the slope of the volcano as the lava burned through the trees. The night stayed quiet. There was no panicked movement and no alarm was sounded. It didn’t change a thing. The sky was burning and that was fitting. She stood and watched the show for a while, and then turned back through the door and locked it behind her. 
 The firewood ran out sometime during the night so that by morning the coals were cold. Joseph stood up as the sun first touched the sky and she watched him go. He turned at the gate, looked back at her and she smiled. Then he was gone. The little boy woke, took the baby out of her arms, and carried it around, its limp head dangling between his thin arms. He inspected the rotten fruit on the kitchen floor, finally settling on a half-rotten apple. He took a bite, chewed little pieces off, and forced them into the baby’s mouth. 
Opening the front gate, she looked down the empty street and listened to the far off gunfire. The volcano was still spewing lava. 
They would have to leave the mission. It was too dangerous to stay. She took the little boy’s hand and walked toward the door. He pulled back, full of fear, and shook his head.
“We have to go. If we stay here, they will find us.” he stared at her, his eyes blank, tears running down his face again.
“Hey, it’s going to be fine,” she said, wishing she believed her own words.
Pointing at him, she asked, “What is your name?”
He sniffled and stared at her. She repeated the question in French. 
“Kayiba,” he breathed between sobs. 
She wiped the tears from his face with her skirt and nudged him toward the gate. He bolted and stood in the courtyard corner, his face to the wall. He was afraid of whatever it was he had seen out there, but she couldn’t leave him. She took the baby from his arms and walked out the front gate before he had time to react. He raced after her, screaming and crying, holding his arms out for the baby and yelling at her. His little fists hit her legs in a futile effort to stop her. Spinning around, she grabbed his arm.
“Sssh. You’ll bring the soldiers down on us.”
He yelled louder, trying desperately to get his tiny arms around the baby. She shook him, his little body rattling in her grip.
“Stop it,” she whispered urgently.
He had no intention of giving up and kicked out at her, catching her on the shin then butting her in the face.
“You little bugger.”
She thrust the baby at him and picked him up, walking quickly down the road. With the baby in his arms, he stopped struggling and let her carry him. At the end of the road, she stopped to catch her breath and put him down. She couldn’t carry him all the way, she didn’t have the strength. Gunfire erupted to their right and Kayiba made to run back to the mission, but she caught him and held him tight.
“I know this is hard for you to understand, but you have to trust me.”
Maybe he didn’t understand a word of what she said, but she hoped her voice conveyed some sense of meaning. Taking his hand, she turned left, pulling him along. A soldier stood leaning against a building smoking a cigarette, his gun slung in front of him. Down the road, his friends stood next to a truck, the back loaded with furniture from nearby buildings. It was too late to turn back. He was watching her.
Taking a deep breath, she straightened her shoulders and walked past him, her long skirt swishing behind her. As she drew alongside the truck, he stepped in front of her, his muscles bulging, shiny with sweat. He carried the biggest machine gun she had ever seen. Breathe, she told herself, her eyes never wavering from his bloodshot gaze. 
“Good morning,” she smiled and stepped around him.
He didn’t stop her and she didn’t look back.
Bodies along the road lay rotting in the sun, covered by flies. She ignored them, walking fast as explosions and gunfire came from the east end of town. The few civilians that remained kept their heads down and walked quickly, nervously looking over their shoulders. No one spoke to her and she saw no aid workers.
The refugee camp was east. The border was just past the camp. A cloud of smoke hung over the town, obscuring the mountain, the red glow of the volcano forgotten. On the outskirts of town, patrols worked their way among the banana trees. Trying to remain inconspicuous and blending in was not an option. She settled for ignoring those who tried to stop her and it worked, until she reached a roadblock.
She avoided the eyes of the soldier who had his gun leveled at her stomach. A bloated abscess hung on his neck, pus trickling down onto his shirt. His friends stood in a dusty group, their machine guns leaning against beer crates. Kayiba hid behind her, gripping her hand and burying his face in the folds of the skirt, his small body shaking.
She forced the fear down and focused on the smell of honeysuckle that grew along the road. 
“I’m American,” she said, keeping her voice level, hating herself for resorting to the ‘I’m American’ routine. 
It was all she had left, even if it was the stupidest thing to say. Any movie she had ever seen where some American tourist used the ‘I’m American’ speech had usually ended badly.
“American?” the man said smiling.
She looked up and smiled back. He seemed to like the idea. He turned to his friends. 
“American,” he said to them and they laughed.
He turned back to her, his smile gone, replaced by an arrogant stare. 
“Passaport,” he barked.
“I seem to have left it in my other dress. This one has no pockets. Bad planning, inconvenient I know. If you let me through, I could go fetch it at the camp. My friends are there, you see. They are refugee workers with the United Nations.” 
“UN has gone.”
Shit. 
It was the only word that came to mind. Shit and shit.
“Well then, in that case, you must let me pass so that I can go home too.”
He didn’t answer her, just stared. One of the other soldiers approached and the two spoke briefly before one of them grabbed her arm and jerked her forward. He shoved her toward a jeep.
Kayiba began to wail, his cry muffled in the folds of her gown as the soldier pushed her again. She thought about fighting her way out, but resisted the impulse. Picking Kayiba up, she got in the jeep and sat looking straight ahead as it jolted down the road. A truck veered onto the road in front of them and the driver swore as he applied the brakes. The truck was filled with women and children, some crying while others stood, despondently staring at the soldiers that guarded them. 
They looked like refugees. She met the haunted gaze of a young mother clutching her baby, her mouth open in appeal as she silently begged for help. Were they evacuating the refugees? She faced the front again and drew Kayiba closer.
It happened so suddenly and without any fuss. She turned to look at the soldier next to her to see if he had heard the sound of screaming air, when a hole opened up in his head. He slumped over, his chest torn open by a round of fire, the blood spraying across her face. She blinked and turned away, her hand over her mouth as the jeep jerked forward, the driver trying to get away. 
Soldiers streamed out of the forest on their left, blocking the road, their guns raised to fire. She didn’t scream, just ducked, holding on tight as the jeep came to a sudden stop. Throwing his hands in the air, the driver climbed out of the jeep and knelt on the ground. Kayiba’s wails reached fever pitch and he clung to her. His face was buried in her neck as the rebels approached, some only carrying machetes, others machine guns.
 She sat wiping the blood from her face with the back of her hand and stroked Kayiba’s back. She stayed perfectly still, giving them a chance to figure her out. They waved her down from the jeep and motioned for her to walk down the road. With her legs shaking, she got down, helped Kayiba, then turned down the road. 
She looked back in time to see a rebel lunge at the government soldier with his machete. With the sound of metal hitting bone, his skin split, exposing the white of his skull. He cried out and tried to struggle to his feet.
Screaming, he brought his arms up to defend his head from another blow. He caught the second blow with his hand, losing three fingers. As he tried to make a run for it, a third blow caught his leg and he stumbled to the ground.
She turned away, tears streaming down her face, and picking Kayiba up, ran down the road.
***
Kayiba was asleep in her arms. Not far now. The camp was around the next bend in the road, but she had thought that at the last bend, and the one before that. The ground was hot under her feet. The closer she drew to the camp, the more corpses littered the roadside. Ash floated from the blue sky to settle on her eyelashes, her arms, the road, the grass. The stink of rotting corpses grew stronger, the smell of human waste worse. Around the bend, she stopped. The road dipped into the valley and the camp lay spread out at her feet.
They were all gone. 
A hundred thousand people had left, leaving behind kilometers of wooden shelters and mud littered with trash. It was quiet, except for the wind that whistled through the empty wooden frames of shelters that had once been covered by blue UN sheeting. 
She walked on, stepping over old cooking pots, army boots, a white bra, old photographs, a box of contraceptive pills, a machete sticky with blood, a teddy bear, sacks of maize, a chopped off hand, a math school book, a Barbie doll in an evening gown.
Children wandered aimlessly, watching her as she passed, their eyes blank, flies crawling in and out of their open mouths. A girl carried her brother on her back. His leg ran red with blood, his face split open below his left eye. He cried softly as she put him down for a rest, then picked him up again and carried him another few steps. A naked toddler sat on his haunches crying, pushing on the body of a woman, calling for his mother over and over again. 
They watched her silently, filled with the knowledge that they would never be safe. It would happen again next year and the year after that. They watched their friends and their families die and they learned to be silent. Was this how killers were born? Would Kayiba grow up to take a machete and hack his neighbor to death?
That was his world. No matter how good or brave he would be, he had no control over his own body, his own future. There was a force bigger than him, stronger, and he had no weapons to fight it. No self-esteem, no trust, no love, no kindness, no truth. 
It didn’t matter why it happened, only that it did. The tents and white Land Rovers were gone. All that remained was emptiness in the eyes of the children left behind to fend for themselves.
Thousands of flowers grew between the trash and decay. Wild orange marigolds. After the first rain, vines and grass would cover it all, like nature sweeping humanity’s mistakes under its carpet. In a few years, they would have to look very closely to see any evidence of the humanitarian empire that had lived here.
She heard the voice calling from a distance. She frowned and tilted her head toward the sound, but it didn’t come again. She would have to move on soon. The border wasn’t far now.
She turned to leave and stopped, watching him approach and not believing it. Simon stood in front of her, close enough to touch. She could see the gray flecks in his blue eyes as he studied her, his intense gaze unsure, questioning. 
She wondered who he hoped she was.
TWENTY-SIX
Simon watched her for a while. She stood so still with the smoke curling around her that she seemed unreal. She could have been either one. The long body, the short red hair, the face from a distance belonged to either one of them. So he stood, held his breath without knowing that he did, and waited. Waited for some small movement, a gesture, a tilt of the head, the sound of her voice. Something that would tell him what he should call her, but she stood like stone.
“You couldn’t tell?” she asked.
Her voice was low and he wouldn’t have heard the words if the wind hadn’t picked them up and brought them to him. It was her.
“Josephine,” he whispered, his gaze intent.
He moved forward, catching a strand of hair that fell in her eyes and hooking it behind her ear. Her hair had grown. Had it been that long since the last time he saw her? She was thin, her clothes hanging from shoulders that jutted out in jagged edges of bone and skin. Bruises colored the whiteness of her skin and fresh scars lay like a relief map over her arms. His fingers brushed the bruises on her face as if to soothe the angry skin but she pulled away.
“What about Angelina?” she asked softly.
He shook his head slowly. 
She moved away, frowning. She was carrying a sleeping child in her arms, a bundle wedged between it and her.
“We have to go,” he said slowly.
She nodded. 
He stepped aside, allowing her to brush past him.
They wound their way to a jeep outside the gate, the children following, hands held out, palms up, and their fly-infested eyes pleading. A boy limped beside him, the gash in his foot smelling of gangrene. The boy tugged on his arm, asking for food, for money and medicine. He had none to give.
He started the engine, his shoulders tense and his jaw clenched.
“What about the children?” JC asked.
“There are too many of them and we can’t take them across the border.”
JC looked down at the boy in her arms then turned to look at Simon. “What about him?”
“They might let us take one.”
As the jeep pulled away, he looked straight ahead, avoiding the stares of the children left behind.
The child in her arms woke with a start and she stroked his back, whispering reassuring words. The small face turned in his direction, fear in his eyes.
“It’s okay, he’s a friend,” she said quietly, her voice seeming to give the child some sense of reassurance. He curled up and went back to sleep.
“Where did you find him?” he asked and wondered what she intended to do with the child.
“At the mission.”
The jeep shot down the dirt road, a cloud of dust erupting behind them. 
“What about the airport?” she asked.
He shook his head. ”The rebels took control of it last night. No one is coming in or going out.”
“How far to the border?”
“Not long without roadblocks. With roadblocks, it’s anybody’s guess.”
They drove in silence, the trees whipping by, the day warming. The road climbed up the side of a mountain and when they reached the place where it would climb back down, he looked back at Goma. It lay in the distance next to the blue waters of the lake.
The town would not see peace or normal life for years to come and he thought of the lodge burnt to the ground, his workers gone. The few rooms that had escaped the fire had been looted. Floor boards had been torn up, the walls hacked apart, letting the rain in to soak the trash that littered the floor. A body floated in the swimming pool and his dogs lay on the lawn, slashed to death.
He wondered if he would ever go back. With one last look, he gunned the engine and turned the corner. Goma disappeared from view.
***
The first roadblock was armed with children in ragged uniforms. They carried machine guns too big for them, dragging them on the ground as they walked. They demanded money. Simon handed over some Zairos and they were allowed through. 
They joined a main road and slowed down as a stream of people crowded the road. Everybody was leaving, hoping to escape the violence by crossing the same line they had crossed months before for the same reason. An imaginary line that, by magic, brought life on one side and death on the other.
They had reached the border.
It had taken her months to get here and suddenly all that time was gone. Men with automatic guns searched cars and trucks. Simon pulled some papers from a bag, placing them on the dashboard. Kayiba woke when the car stopped and he looked ahead nervously. He mumbled in Lingala, turning to her questioningly.
“He wants to know where we are,” Simon said, and then answered Kayiba who turned to him in surprise.
They spoke for a while, Kayiba suddenly becoming very talkative. He turned to Simon, indicating the bundle he carried. Simon leaned forward, moving the blanket and glancing at her in surprise. She said nothing and Simon reached inside the blanket.
“It’s dead.”
“I know,” she said slowly. “I haven’t had the heart to tell him. I will after we cross the border.”
“He wants to know if he and his sister can come live with us.”
She looked into Kayiba’s huge, hopeful eyes and she could feel him shaking. She stroked his face and smiled, nodding. His face lit up, he smiled at her and snuggled closer, clinging to her. She tightened her arms around him and turned to look at Simon, daring him to contradict her. He said nothing.
They pulled up behind a truck being searched, a couple of soldiers helping themselves to cases of food. The driver cursed but did not stop them. They waved him on and turned to the jeep. Her throat constricted. They looked high on power, confident, insolent.
“Passaports,” the shorter one barked, stopping on Simon’s side, his gun pointed.
Simon handed over the papers and the man flicked through, not bothering to read them because probably he couldn’t, but he did know that there were supposed to be three little books with a small photograph attached. Simon reassured him in Lingala that all the necessary papers were present. She could not understand a word, only that they were arguing about her and she hoped her fear didn’t show. They argued back and forth as the second soldier poked through the bags in the back. He removed a couple of cans of food and a pair of boots. He walked around to her side, stopping beside her.
He smelled heavily of sweat and tobacco and Kayiba drew closer to her, clutching his bundle. The man leaned in and tried to pull the bundle from Kayiba who let out a high-pitched wail. She grabbed the man’s arm, stopping him and he jerked back, his gun raised at her, shouting and motioning for her to get out. Simon tried to calm him down.
“You have to show it to him,” Simon said turning to her, his eyes warning her not to argue.
She nodded and gently took the bundle from Kayiba who started to cry, trying to hang on to it. She opened it, exposing the tiny face that looked like it was sleeping. Satisfied and fast losing interest, the soldier turned away and Kayiba snatched the bundle back. Simon turned back to the first soldier. They started arguing, Simon’s anger rising. He stopped talking for a moment and taking a deep breath continued in a more subdued voice. Finally, he turned to her, his face grim.
“They will let us through, but the boy must stay.” 
“Have you told them he is with us?”
“They said we are trying to steal him from his parents.”
“His parents are dead.”
“How do you know?”
“Well, I don’t . . . but they wouldn’t have just abandoned him.” She paused a moment then continued. “Simon, he’s five years old. He can’t take care of himself.”
Simon looked at Kayiba, asked him a few questions.
“He says his parents were killed. He hid with his baby sister for two days before walking to the mission where his mother had been treated kindly by the sisters.”
“Tell them that his parents are dead.”
“They aren’t interested.”
“Please just try.”
He turned back, but the soldier kept shaking his head. Finally losing patience, the soldier walked around to her side and reached for Kayiba. She jerked away from him, her arms tightening around Kayiba. Simon jumped out of the jeep. He didn’t get far before a soldier pointed a machine gun at his stomach and he stopped.
Again, the man lunged for Kayiba, grabbing his arm and yanking him out of her grip. Kayiba screamed, his eyes frantically begging for her help. She jumped out and ran after them, hitting the soldier with all her force. Surprised, he fell to the ground as his friends stood by laughing and watching the struggle. With Kayiba in her arms again, she spun around, walking back to the jeep only to stop short as the man grabbed her by her hair. She didn’t care what they did to her, but when a gun barrel moved from her face to the back of Kayiba’s head, she stopped fighting.
“JC, you aren’t going to win this one,” Simon yelled. “They will kill him.”
She hugged Kayiba, trying to calm his screams.
“Okay,” she heard herself say. “I just need you to explain it to him.”
Simon translated and the rebels looked at each other before they shrugged and let him pass. He moved toward her, their guns still pointed at him.
“Tell him that I must leave him here, but that I will come back for him.”
“JC—”
“Tell him.”
Simon did and Kayiba started wailing, tears running down his cheeks. He clung to her neck and kept saying the same thing over and over again. Simon tried to reassure him but he only cried louder.
“What is he saying?” she asked swallowing hard.
“He’s saying that he was sorry he ran away from you. He promises not to hit you again if you will let him go with you.”
“Oh God . . . I can’t do this, Simon.”
“You have to JC. They won’t let us take him.”
“Then I’ll stay.”
“You know as well as I do that isn’t possible. Today the rebels are winning, tomorrow maybe the government again. You are in no position to help Kayiba if you stay. You might even get him killed. The longer we stand here, the more these guys are getting irritated and they will kill him because it solves their problem quickly.”
“What will happen to him?”
“In a couple of months, the agencies will return and we’ll find him again. It’s his best chance.”
How many times had she seen it in a movie, or read it in a book? Someone chose their own life over somebody else’s and she condemned them for it. 
Her own self-preservation was strong. It had gotten her this far. Morality and doing the right thing seemed less relevant.
“God help me,” she whispered. 
Looking away from his pleading eyes, she unfastened his little arm. He screamed, trying desperately to grab hold of her as she handed him over.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered. ”I’m so sorry.” 
She turned away, tears streaming down her face as she walked back to the Jeep. It seemed so far away, the walk exhausting her with every step as his screaming followed her. She reached a hand out to the warm metal of the door, clinging to it, listening to his desperate pleas. She heard the blow to his head and spun around, but Simon blocked her way, stopping her from going back. Kayiba sat quietly in the dirt, a gun pointed at his head. He saw her look at him and his cries grew again but they hit him again, harder this time. He stopped fighting and watched her, his bundle clutched tightly to his chest.
JC’s legs collapsed and Simon picked her up and put her in the jeep, jumped in and started the engine. She kept her eyes on Kayiba as they drove past, burning with the accusations in his eyes. 
Deep inside her, in a place where she hid what was left of her soul, another part broke off and died.
TWENTY-SEVEN
 The herds moved west from the Great Plains and closer to the water of Lake Victoria with her clouds of rain. Here they would find permanent water and maybe a few off-season thunderstorms to fill the puddles they drank. Thorn bushes scattered across the scrubby savannah gave little shade from the sun. 
Kilometers west, herdsmen stood under the thorn trees. They leaned on their tall staffs and watched their cattle drink. Each carried a club, javelin spears, a water bottle. Their bodies were painted red with ocher, their braids greased. The cattle were humped Asian zebu, lean, dusty with the red earth they kicked up under their hooves. Tails flicked carelessly at hordes of flies. 
The black earth was cool as it flowed through her hand, sifting slowly down on the grave. The breeze snatched the last grains of soil from the air, carrying them up through the eucalyptus trees. The silver leaves rustled and she glanced up at their whispering. She loved the smell of the trees and the sound of the breeze, like the ancients come to enlighten those who would listen.
It was a good place for a graveyard. There wasn’t a house in sight, no roads, no power lines, nothing but a great golden emptiness and silence. It was as if life had been and gone, until only the heat remained on the grass.
She placed pink wildflowers on the dirt. A grave shouldn’t be this size, she thought. No one this small should need a grave. Children died here all the time and so Kayiba lay under the cool soil, his small body wrapped in a sheet, the baby next to him.
She stiffened at the snap of a twig behind her and spun around to face it.
“I did not mean to frighten you, dear. I only came to see how you were getting on.”
It was Elizabeth, Simon’s mother. She must have come up the back path from the house. 
“You didn’t frighten me,” she lied and waited for her heart to return to a normal pace. 
Elizabeth watched her, and then said slowly. “So much time with the dead is not healthy for the living.”
JC smiled, her face strained and glanced at the graves around her. It was an old family graveyard where most of Simon’s ancestors were buried. The graveyard belonged to Mandari, a tea estate nestled in the hills above the plains. Lake Victoria was to the west, the plains of the Mara to the east. The high altitude and constant moisture from the lake produced the finest African teas. The tropical climate made harvesting the tea year-round possible. The graveyard lay on a ridge, the green slopes of tea on one side, and the endless yellow grass of the plains on the other. 
Elizabeth pushed open the wrought iron gate, the old, rusted hinges squeaking as they moved and stood looking down at the grave.
“I miscarried my third pregnancy,” Elizabeth said. 
JC turned to her. “I’m sorry.”
She shrugged. “I should have stayed in bed instead of taking care of the farm, but the truth is it probably would not have made a difference. One can never tell about these things. We cannot choose our fate. We can only choose how we deal with it. You cannot blame yourself for the rest of your life, JC. Believe me, the human soul was not meant to bear such sadness and regret. Before long, it twists you into something less than human.”
“Does everybody on this continent believe in fatalism?”
Elizabeth sighed, a deep sad tone. “It is a big land and it asks big questions.”
“And it demands big sacrifices.”
“Yes . . . that too,” she said her eyes on the tiny grave.
JC watched Elizabeth as regret and sadness washed over her face. It was a face browned by the sun, laugh lines and worry visible on her forehead. She had the kindest eyes, a blue that seemed to suddenly turn gray as if life was draining out of them. Elizabeth squared her shoulders and smiled. The breeze stirred the loose tendrils of white hair around her face and she swept them away with a careless hand. Her long hair was up in a bun and she wore a pearl necklace and earrings, her soft cashmere sweater a light blue to match her eyes. She was always dressed as if ready to have tea with the ladies at the club. Her neat shoes were never dirty, her short nails always manicured. Even when she was walking through the tea fields, she seemed perfectly put together.
JC looked down at her own hands, at the dirt under her broken nails. An expression somewhere between a grimace and a smile tightened Elizabeth’s lips. She slipped a hand under JC’s arm and turned her toward the house.
“Come, I have breakfast ready and then you must help me in the fields.”
They followed the path back to the house.
***
She didn’t help in the fields. Didn’t eat breakfast. She excused herself, mumbled something about a headache, and shut the bedroom door on the world. She lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
She should be thinking about going back to America, but she couldn’t even make it out the door. Her limbs felt heavy, weighed down. It was an effort just to pick up her head. How long could she pretend to be sleeping every time someone came to check on her? How long before they forced her to act normal, get up every morning, sit at a table, and eat breakfast? 
She was tired, but she couldn’t sleep more than a couple of hours a night. She would wake up sweating, her heart racing, and would cry until her throat hurt. She would drag herself out of bed, wash her face, and walk circles in the room, waiting for the sun, but it never came soon enough. She would get dressed in the dark, then walk quietly through the house and out the back door. She took the path that led through the cypress trees up to the ridge. To the graveyard. 
She thought about Angelina and winced as her mind reeled with images of torture. Her muscles contracted in pain as if every blow was stored in the cells themselves. The thought that her sister probably died a brutal death was overwhelming. But the thought that she might not be dead, might be alive so they could still hurt her was worse.
She knew what was happening. The anxiety she felt, the headaches, the hypervigilance, constantly trying to find the threat. She had seen the symptoms often enough, but she had always been on the other side. Now she was the victim. She hated that word. It implied such complete helplessness. It was harder to bear than to think there was something more she could have done.
***
Simon stood leaning against a tree peeling an orange with his knife. The dogs lay panting in the shade of the old farmhouse his grandparents had built. It had been added to over the years as the family grew. The climbing rose vines that covered it saved the house from a life of ugliness. Without the vines, the house would look wrong.
He glanced up at the window to her room. His mother watched him from under her hat as she knelt by the flower bed, pulling weeds with her gloved hands.
“You know it’s not good for that girl to be sleeping so much.”
“She needs time.”
“What she needs is to talk about it. It’s not healthy, keeping it inside like that.”
“Always worked for me.”
She threw him an irritated glance and ignored the remark. “Has she told you anything about what happened in that prison?”
Simon shrugged, cutting another slice of orange. “She wants to forget.”
“Fiddlesticks. She will never be able to forget. The best she can hope for is to make her own peace with it. You must do something, Simon. Three weeks, it’s been. Three weeks of sleeping and sitting in the graveyard in the middle of the night. It’s not natural. She needs to bury her.”
“Bury who?”
“Her sister. It is not good for a living soul to be unable to bury someone they loved. There is no peace. You just have to look at her and she jumps like a rabbit in hunting season. Yesterday, I completely startled her coming out of the pantry. I know I exaggerate a tad on things, but she screamed so loud it brought the house boy running with a machete. Of course, he didn’t know it would make things worse, and she almost killed poor Maso when she hit him in the face. He was unconscious for ten minutes. It was all I could do to keep him from leaving, and you know I’d never be able to find someone like him again. It cannot go on like this.”
“Teach Maso some self-defense.”
“Oh Simon! You can be so irritating. This is not about Maso.”
“No?”
“No. She needs to bring her fear back under control.”
Simon smiled and flung the rest of the orange into nearby bushes. He cleaned the knife on his pants.
“You laugh,” she continued, “but you know she needs help. You go off for days and come back hoping she has returned to the land of the living. She won’t do it on her own.”
“What do you suggest I do, take her to a psychologist? I just happen to know one.”
“Don’t be impertinent, Simon,” she said, waving her gardening fork at him in warning. ”You’re not too old for a good hiding.”
He laughed and walking over to his mother, picked her up in his arms.
“Simon, put me down.”
“I can’t, I’m afraid you’ll give me a hiding.”
“Simon!”
“Aah . . .”
“Oh, all right. Now put me down.”
He put her down and she smacked him on the arm. He laughed and walked back to the house.
“Don’t forget Mark will be here tonight,” she called after him.
He waved in acknowledgment and jumped up the stairs to the terrace. She watched him disappear inside the house, and then turned back to the marigolds at her feet. They would look lovely next to the daisies. She would have to hurry. She still had to wash and set her hair before dinner. 
***
Mark limped up to his mother and gave her a kiss on the cheek before accepting the drink she held out to him. She was glad to see he was putting on weight again and his skin color had returned to a healthy tan. She had worried about him. It had been a shock to see how thin and weak he had been in the hospital. 
Together they sat on the sofa. He had always loved this room. Old black and white photographs of Africa in silver frames, the dark bamboo wood of the table. Above the fireplace hung a huge African mask his father had brought home from the Sudan. The shelves were stuffed with books and bits and pieces she’d picked up over the years, shells, seeds, feathers and bones. She had framed his grandfather’s old map of Africa and it hung to the left above the huge black safe brought back from Zanzibar by an uncle.
“How is your leg?”
“Getting better every day,” he said, smiling at the concern in her voice. 
After weeks of searching, Simon had received a message from Brother O’Ryan. He had flown in, landing on the same road Mark had crashed on, and then flew him to a doctor in Nairobi. The specialist told him his leg had not knit properly and they were forced to break it again.
“Where is she?” Mark asked.
His mother sighed. “Where she has been every day for the last three weeks, up on the hill with the dead.”
They were silent for a while, the only sound the clinking of the ice against glass as Mark swirled the dark amber liquid. 
“When do you think she will go home?” 
“Go home? Lord, she hardly leaves her room.”
“And Simon?”
“He does nothing.”
“He was never one to deal with emotion well. Has he told you anything about her?”
“I could get more information from a baboon than Simon lately. I want to know why he risked his life and yours for her. I will not forgive him for that,” she stood up, agitated. The silver bangles on her freckled wrist clinked as she reached for the brandy decanter. “I have seen war veterans with more life and less hell in their eyes than that girl.”
“You don’t like her?” he asked, puzzled by her venomous tone.
“Because of her, I almost lost you and Simon in the same week. How can I like her? I have no reasons to like her, only reasons to dislike her.”
The front door banged shut and footsteps walked down the hall. Simon walked in, his shirt soaked in sweat, his hair dusty and full of dirt. He poured himself a glass of water, gulping it down before greeting his brother.
“Simon, really, our guests will be here any minute.”
“I thought you said only Mark would be here for dinner.”
“I invited the Sanders. I haven’t had them over for weeks.”
Simon and Mark exchanged looks of cynicism. The Sanders meant Allison Sanders, their daughter. Their mother had been pushing the boys at her for years.
“What?” she asked at their silence.
“Mother, you might as well marry her yourself and get it over with,” Mark said. 
“Now, Mark, really, that is uncalled for. Besides Allison would not have either one of you. She is much too good for you boys.”
Mark rolled his eyes and Simon excused himself before his mother started off on another one of her promotional speeches. He ran up the stairs, taking them two at a time only to stop short at JC’s door. It stood slightly ajar and he knocked softly. Getting no response, he pushed it open. She wasn’t there.
It was crazy, he thought. He should put her on a plane, but he couldn’t do it and he didn’t want to think about why. There was a lot he didn’t want to think about lately. She would go eventually, but for now, she was here and that was enough.
***
They finished dinner and Simon left Allison with Mark on the verandah. Elizabeth shook her head as she watched him cross the lawn toward the path that led up to the ridge. The night had turned chilly and the mist cast an eerie whiteness over the terraced tea fields. 
He didn’t see her at first. The night shadows from the trees cast the graves in black, obscuring them. He knew she was there. They had watched her often enough to know she didn’t like being disturbed, but he wasn’t feeling very accommodating tonight. He pushed the gate open.
“Josephine?” 
There was no response and he walked closer, stopping when she stood suddenly and turned to him.
“Why do you call me Josephine lately?” she asked.
He shrugged, forgetting that she probably would not see the gesture in the darkness.
“I like the sound of it,” he said simply. “Do you mind?”
After a silence she said, “No, I guess not.”
They stood facing each other as the moon reappeared, casting light on their faces. She looked away from his scrutiny and walked out the gate. She stopped on the cliff and looked out over the plains. 
She wore the clothes his mother had borrowed from a neighbor, long khaki pants and a white cotton shirt rolled up at the sleeves. Her feet were bare. She refused to wear shoes, even on cold nights like tonight. She did many things now she never used to do.
He stood beside her, looking toward the long lines of dark bodies, like ants on the move, that streamed across the plains. The distant whoops and barks of the wildebeest rebounded off the hills.
“Where do they all come from?” she asked.
“They migrate from the east in the dry season. There’s more water here.”
He turned to watch her.
“What?” she asked, turning to look at him, “I’m fine.”
“You are many things, Josephine, but fine isn’t one of them.”
“So I lied.”
“You have to talk to someone eventually.” 
“Talk?” she snorted in disgust. “Teach me a language that accurately describes anything that has happened to me. Give me words that can describe the smell of my own fear, the taste of blood, the sound of bones breaking. Is there a word that describes the humiliation of being so tired and weak you don’t bother to drag yourself across the floor to urinate and simply lie in your own waste?”
“Josephine . . .”
“Give me a reason. I need to know why. Why they can hurt me and nobody stops them. Why my sister had to die a brutal death. Can you tell me the reasons if I tell you what happened to me?”
He looked away, silent.
“I didn’t think so,” she said softly and turned back to the emptiness in front of her. “Nothing matters here. Life goes on, right? So fucking what?”
She was shaking with anger, her lips tight. He kept quiet, not knowing how to help her. He could see that nothing he said would make her struggle any easier.
“It’s all right,” she said after a while. “I’ll go back to America soon.”
“I’m not asking you to leave.” 
She turned to him and smiled. “No? I’d have thought it was what everybody wanted.”
“Why would you think that?”
“Jesus, Simon, I’ve been nothing but trouble since I got here.”
 He didn’t deny it.
“Anyway, aren’t you supposed to be entertaining Allison?”
“So not everything escapes you lately?”
She turned to look at him and he grinned back at her, swaying slightly. “You’re drunk. You need to stop drinking so much.”
“I had some wine. I’m not drunk.”
“Allison won’t want a drunk for a husband.”
“Allison and I have been friends for years and will, I hope, stay friends for years to come.” 
 An owl sat among the branches calling out a tune as the wind picked up and whistled through the leaves. It was the same owl she heard every night. His call was the loneliest sound she had ever heard and it echoed her own misery. Tonight she hated that sound.
She picked up a stone and threw it up into the dark branches. 
“Shut up,” she shouted, her voice edged with desperation.
When the first stone didn’t work she picked up another and drew her arm back to throw it. Simon stopped her.
“Let me go,” she said struggling.
“Stop it, he’s too far away.”
“You’re hurting me.”
He relaxed his grip on her arms slightly and watched her eyes, fascinated as the emotion changed suddenly from anger to hunger. She moved forward, tilting her head up, and kissed him. He stood still, surprised, not pushing her away. He had wanted this to happen for too long to be able to stop her, but he knew she was doing it out of a need that had nothing to do with him. She reached out to him when he drew back.
“Simon?”
“You need time to figure things out.”
He felt her body stiffen and the anger returned as she stepped away.
“Fuck you, Simon,” she hissed. “I just wanted to give you what you had gone to so much trouble for. What’s the matter? Changed your mind? Afraid I caught AIDS? Doc said I got lucky, or is my body no longer worth a good fuck?”
Anger exploded through his veins and he grabbed her and brought his mouth down hard on hers.
 “A good fuck isn’t going to help you feel human again, but let’s not argue about it.” 
She pulled at his shirt, needing the feel of his skin, the warmth of it against her own as the cold night air touched her body.
He was wrong, she thought, feeling the blood in her veins catch fire. She did feel alive again. She pulled him to the ground, her body never leaving his and her hips rose toward him. His hand moved over her belly to the small of her back, bringing her closer. She arched and pressed her stomach against his and the anger dissolved into need as she gave in to the touch of their bodies.
 The owl called out and hurled itself off its branch.
 She opened her eyes and watched as it flew over them, the white of its feathers glowing with moonlight.
TWENTY-EIGHT
He came for her one morning. She heard his boots slapping the concrete floor of the hallway. They were fast and determined footsteps. He opened the door, flung the curtains back, flooding the room with light, and she blinked in surprise. 
“Get up,” he said and opened the closet doors.
He grabbed a duffel bag from the top shelf as she sat up, confused, watching him throw her clothes in the bag.
“What’s the matter?”
“Get dressed,” he said, throwing her a pair of jeans.
She swung her feet over the side of the bed and pulled the jeans on, a T-shirt in her hands.
“Simon, tell me.” 
He stopped his rummaging and looked at her worried face.
“We are going on safari,” he said and continued packing.
“Christ,” she said, her anger rising, and threw the T-shirt on the bed. “You scared me. I thought soldiers were going to come crashing in here any second.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, this isn’t Zaire.”
“Me? I’m being ridiculous? You come storming in here, shouting orders like a general at war, and I’m being ridiculous?” She dropped back onto the bed and lay staring at the ceiling. “I’m not going on a safari.”
“Yes, you are.” He finished packing and turned to leave the room. “Finish getting dressed or I’ll carry you out like you are.” 
She stared at the door after he left. What was his big idea? He wouldn’t carry her out against her will.
She watched the door as she heard footsteps return. He walked in and stood by the door.
“Get dressed.”
“No.” 
He shrugged and walked over to her.
She jumped up on the bed, flattening herself against the headboard. “Don’t you dare,” she hissed as he walked around the bed and reached for her. He grabbed her by the arm and jerked her up over his shoulder. 
She screamed and hit him, trying to free herself. 
“Oh, do be careful, Simon, don’t hurt her,” a voice said from the hallway. Elizabeth stood back in a doorway as they passed. JC glared at her as she followed them down the hall.
“Make him put me down,” she demanded.
“Impossible.”
“You’re his mother.”
“Oh I know, dear, but he’s bigger than me,” she said apologetically. “Besides, you’ll love it. Make him take you to Mbane pools. It’s just gorgeous at this time of year.”
“I’ll kill him,” JC said as they reached the bottom of the stairs.
“Oh, don’t do that, love, I would never forgive you.”
Maso held the door open, ready to help. His apron was not as white as the smile on his face. She frowned at him as he waved goodbye from the verandah steps. Simon dumped her in the front passenger seat of the jeep and dropped her T-shirt in her lap.
She put on the shirt then sat with her arms folded, looking straight ahead.
Elizabeth waved goodbye as he started the jeep. It jerked forward and down the driveway, past the fields of tea bushes, the workers faithfully tending the leaves. 
***
Elephant grass marked the beginning of the savannah as the vegetation changed from tropical highlands to dry brush. Banana trees gave way to thorn trees. The small roadside villages became fewer and the traffic trickled off as they reached the valley floor. The road stretched out flat and straight to a horizon of yellow.
“Simon,” she said, choking the word out. 
Her anger had not evaporated, but her need to go to the bathroom had reached drastic proportions.
He didn’t hear her.
“Simon,” she yelled, turning her head toward him.
Startled, he put his foot on the brake, bringing them to a sudden, dusty stop.
“What?”
She coughed, waving the dust from her face. 
“I need to go to the bathroom.”
He drove a little further and pulled up under an acacia tree, its thin leaves giving little shade.
She unbuckled and jumped out, walking into the grass. Keeping an eye on her surroundings, she squatted in the grass, disappearing from sight. Returning, she sat on the hood of the jeep and brought her right foot onto her lap. A thorn had lodged itself in the flesh of her heel and she tried to dig it out with her nail. 
“Let me see,” he said, taking her foot in his hands.
With his head bent low, she looked down on him and felt an impulse to reach out. He was always taking care of her feet.
“Ever think of becoming a foot doctor?”
He looked up and she shifted her eyes to the horizon. He grinned at her stubbornness and moved around the car to take a pocketknife from the glove compartment.
“Hold still,” he said when she flinched.
“It hurts.”
“Then wear shoes.”
He worked in silence for a while, removing the thorn, then washing her foot with water and applying some antiseptic. He finished off with a band-aid.
“Thank you,” she said, looking down at his work. 
Her feet were a patchwork of pink scars left from old blisters and the worm infection. Her heels were hard, the skin tough.
“Wear shoes.” 
“I like to feel the ground under my feet.”
He stopped and looked back, surprised by her words. 
“When I was locked up, all I felt was the cold concrete floor. The feel of the warm mud on the road out was the only sign I could feel that I was alive. It reassured me.” She smiled and looked down at Simon. “I think it only fair I should leave my footprints on Africa. She’s left hers on me.”
He walked to the back of the jeep, rummaged around in the packs and returned with a pair of boots and some socks. He placed them on the hood next to her.
“Try them.”
“No, thank you.”
A round ball that looked like a stone unfolded under the tree. Tiny legs carried the little creature with its suit of armor toward the grass before it noticed them and rolled up with a sharp clack.
“What is that?”
“A pangolin. They attack in the middle of the day and eat exposed flesh right to the bone.”
“Bullshit.”
“Do you want to take that chance?” he said, getting in the jeep and slamming his door. He started the engine and it vibrated to life under her butt. She stared at the pangolin for a second, and then jumped down. The clack of the pangolin unfolding stopped her in her tracks. She turned to face it, one shoe in each hand.
“What are you going to do? Beat it to death?” 
“I’ve taken on bigger.”
The pangolin sniffed in her direction.
“Get in. It’s completely harmless.”
She flung the shoe at Simon. It hit him square in the face. 
 She smiled as she got in, and buckled her seat belt.
 He shoved the car into gear and spun the wheels as he floored the gas pedal. The jeep sped down the dirt road, heading for open grassland.
***
 He stood on the verandah watching the brown water of the river. To his right, he could see the ridges of the Gol Mountains and in the south, the Ngorongoro Crater highlands. The dead volcanoes reached over ten thousand feet.
He turned to look at her as she stood in the doorway. She was wearing the same clothes she had worn the day before. Dark circles under her eyes made her pale skin seem paler, her red eyes more extreme. She had been crying, he realized. She could make him feel like shit very quickly. 
“Good morning, Josephine, sleep well?” 
“Sleep?” she asked snorting. “No, I did not sleep well. I haven’t slept well in months. Did you think it would change just because you brought me out here?”
“No, just hoping you might find some manners again.”
Irritated, she walked over to the table and reached for the coffee pot. Her hair was stuck to the back of her head, standing straight up. He smiled as she spun around, glaring at him. He took a sip of his coffee then looked away.
“Did you take a shower?” she asked, looking at his wet hair.
He nodded.
“Where?”
He pointed to the side of the cabin, where a drum on the roof collected rainwater and served as a water tank. A pipe led from its base to the makeshift shower. 
“Oh, goody. I was afraid I was starting to like indoor plumbing again.”
Stripping her clothes where she stood, she made her way around the porch. Her body was still thin. Dark blue veins were a vivid contrast to her white skin and her collarbones protruded. She looked like a famine victim, and it scared him to see her so fragile. She hardly ever ate and he wondered sometimes if she did it deliberately. He hated the look in her eyes, the one she would hide by looking away, if she caught him watching her. He didn’t want her to hide her pain from him. 
He should have stopped her from going after Angelina. It was easy to blame himself, but in the end, he knew that it had been her decision. Just like it would be her decision to leave. A part of him wanted her to stay, stay dependent on him, but it wouldn’t last. Forcing her to face her fears would speed things up, but maybe the look in her eyes might fade faster. He wanted that for her.
She finished her shower, her skin blue from the early morning cold. He walked inside and returned with a towel, wrapping it around her. She was shivering and he pulled her close. They stood quietly for a while, neither wanting to break the silence.
They watched the eagle fly east over the riverine forest to the open plains beyond. Vervet monkeys in the fever trees screamed their objections into the morning silence. 
“Where are we?”
“Tanzania.”
“We crossed a border and I had no idea.”
“It’s one of the things I love best about this place.”
The monkeys screamed again.
“They sound upset,” she breathed.
“They aren’t used to humans around here. It’s impossible to get into this part of the park for most of the year.”
“What about this cabin?”
“It’s an old game ranger’s cabin.”
They drank coffee and watched the hippos grunting in the riverbeds. A warthog trotted her way cautiously to the water’s edge to drink, her line of babies behind her. Their short tails stood straight up like God had forgotten to cut the strings attached.
“Go get dressed.” 
“Why?” she looked up at him.
He bent his head and kissed her, forgetting why she had to get dressed.
“Why?” she asked again, pulling away.
“A walk.” 
***
He walked in front of her. His eyes scanned the grass around him, never watching the ground for holes and sharp stones. His shirt never caught on a thorn, his legs were never scratched. He walked quiet and fast over the path. On his back he carried a pack, in his right hand a rifle, a heavy-bore 458, Belgian make. An elephant gun he called it, for stopping the big ones. What about the little ones?
She had never hated him more. He forced her to wear boots, forced her to walk for hours in the hot sun, and never once turned to check if she was okay or if she was even still behind him. 
She didn’t want to do this. The fear running through her body was making her clumsy, making her careless. Her ears strained to pick out every noise, every warning of danger. She couldn’t watch the long yellow grass and keep an eye on the path. A noise behind her made her swivel around. There was nothing, only the grass swaying gently in the breeze. Her eyes picked out every stalk, watched for any differences, any movement. The landscape was different, but the scenario was the same.
Simon didn’t stop and she’d be damned if she called out to him. She winced at the pain in her feet. The boots felt hard and confining, her toes rubbing up against the sides with every step. She glared at his back, and missed seeing the thorn bush. It caught her shirt and bit into her flesh.
“Simon, wait!” she screamed, more in frustration than pain and stopped to gently untangle her skin from the bush.
He stopped and walked back, helping her untangle her shirt, tearing the white long sleeve.
“Sorry.”
“You should be. Dragging my ass out here, and walking for hours. We haven’t seen one animal.”
“If you walked a little more quietly, we might get lucky.”
“I can’t walk with these damn shoes. Fuck quiet.” 
“Did you always swear so much?” 
“Fuck you.”
He raised his eyebrow in the irritating way he had. She flounced past, walking up the path ahead of him. She walked with her head down, watching the ground and he followed a few steps behind. He slung the rifle across his shoulders, his arms resting over it.
They cut across a couple of ridges and down a dry riverbed. He stopped to examine tracks, whistling for her to stop. She glanced back to see him hunched over a huge pile of manure. She ignored him, walked faster. She was in no mood to stand over a pile of shit to determine its meaning, no matter how huge and impressive. He could catch up. 
The flies were getting more annoying by the hour. She waved her hand in front of her face, trying to chase them from her eyes. She climbed up a dry riverbank and pulled herself over the ledge with a tree root. Just beyond the thicket, she stopped short. The bushes to her right rustled to life and something very large made its way into the open grass. She spun around as her heart exploded into furious bursts of adrenaline. One huge and very annoyed elephant shuffled gracefully toward her.
TWENTY-NINE
 From the left came another elephant, bigger, huge tusks proving it well equipped for defense. She stood her ground. Never run, she thought, as her heart pounded and adrenaline shot through her veins. Simon told her never to run from an elephant, or was that a lion? Oh God, she couldn’t remember, couldn’t think with all the panic buttons going off in her brain, as every cell in her body screamed for her to run. 
The bigger elephant stopped twenty meters away, sending a dust cloud over her. It trumpeted a warning and swung its head around. Simon pushed past her as it lunged to charge. 
He raised his arms, waving the gun.
“Bugger off,” he shouted.
It stopped in its tracks, backing away.
Simon picked up a stone and threw it, hitting the elephant just below the eye. “Bugger off.”
This time both elephants turned away, ears flapping in objection, and disappeared into the bushes. JC sat down, ignoring the ants that bit into her flesh. She couldn’t stand. She held her hands in front of her face, watching them shake.
“You okay?”
“Bugger off?” she whispered. “That’s it? That’s all I had to say? Just bugger off?”
“Yes, but you have to mean it or it doesn’t count.”
She breathed hard, trying to control her heartbeat and asked, “Why didn’t you use the rifle?” 
“It’s not loaded.”
“Not loaded?”
He shrugged. “Most animals will run away if you give them the chance.”
“So why bring it?”
“People.”
“You want to shoot people?”
“Poachers can get mean.”
She frowned at him, trying to calm her racing heart.
“You’re crazy,” she said and stood up. “Give it to me.”
He handed her the rifle and she held her left hand out, palm turned up.
“Give them here.”
He sighed and reached in the pack, giving her a box of cartridges. She loaded the rifle, and then waited for him to take the lead. She walked behind him, the rifle heavy in her arms, her eyes scanning the grass ahead of them.
***
At midday, they reached a gray kopje of black rock that jutted above the gold grasslands surrounding it. Simon clapped his hands as they approached the rocks, the sound echoing in the quiet around them and the birds were still.
“Why did you do that?”
“Just a warning.”
“Yeah, if I was a four- hundred pound lion that would scare me off.”
“Hey, you found a sense of humor.”
They sat in the shade of the rocky outcrop, eating oranges as the smell of wild jasmine floated by. A lizard spread out on a rock stared at them, its brilliant blue and orange body inhaling the sun.
 He reached over, pulling a strand of hair from her mouth and hooking it behind her ear. His fingers ran down the side of her face before she pulled away from the touch.
“Why do you do that?” he asked softly.
She sighed, her eyes on the horizon. “I don’t know why I do half the things I do anymore. Does it matter?”
“Yes.”
Simon turned to watch a group of large birds east of them spiral upward into the air. Taking a pair of binoculars from his pack, he climbed up the kopje and raised them to his eyes.
“What is it?”
“Vultures,” he said and climbed down again. “There must be a kill.”
He packed what was left of their lunch into the pack and slung it onto his back.
“Now what?”
“Let’s go. It’s too dangerous.” He helped her up, slinging the pack on his shoulders. “I’ve been reading this book.”
“Great. Good for you. Reading is highly recommended, but can we talk about literature some other time?”
“Don’t you want to know what the book was about?”
He walked on, forcing her to follow him.
“Right now there are many things I’d like to know, but I can’t say that’s one of them.”
“It was a book about trauma and how to help those who lived through it.”
“Where the hell did you get a book like that out here?” 
“It was the strangest thing. It arrived in the mail with a note attached that said, ‘read this.’”
“Carla!” JC said.
Carla would have sent it.
“Who?”
“Carla. She’s my partner in the practice. She thinks she knows it all. Always has, even when we went through university together.”
“A psychologist?”
“Yes.”
“Good friend?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t you want to know what the book said?”
“I know what it’s about. I practically wrote the damn thing.”
JC looked up at the circling vultures. They were close now. They stopped under an umbrella tree. Simon took the pack off and removed his camera, putting a long zoom lens on it.
“Is that what this is all about?” she asked.
“What? Taking pictures?”
“No,” she said, irritated. “This trip. One way of regaining control over hypervigilance is to expose a trauma patient to small amounts of controlled fear. It’s in the book.”
“Yeah, that was even highlighted. Nice of Carla.”
“Christ, Simon. There is nothing controlled about this place.”
Simon looked around and grinned. “Nope. Isn’t it great?”
She threw her arms up in defeat.
“Did you even bother to read to the end of that chapter?”
“No, why? Was it important?”
He walked on, taking a more direct route toward the kill. 
“Only if you consider not getting the patient killed in the process important.”
“Don’t worry, just trust me.”
Trust. 
He must have skipped that chapter too or he would have known she didn’t have any. Fear was all she knew how to feel anymore and she was shaking, her heart pounding, sweating enough to fill a swimming pool. She followed him, drawing the rifle across her chest, her finger slippery on the trigger. In the distance, a herd of zebra kicked dust into the air and filled the afternoon silence with their barking.
Damn him, she thought, and damn Carla for knowing. They had been friends for a long time. JC had called her when she had first arrived at the estate, hadn’t been able to talk to anybody else. Carla had sent him the book because she knew about the fear. It was the fear that made her jump at every tiny noise, made her heart race and her mind scream in panic. 
She thought she had done a good job of hiding it, but ultimately she had no power over her mind or her body. All she did was wait for the next threat to eat her alive, to hurt her, to leave her for dead. Her body had to relearn to live with fear. She had to recondition her mind’s and body’s response to it.
And this was Simon’s solution.
She stopped suddenly, her nose filling with the smell of death. Simon flanked left, going up an incline and walking cautiously forward. He motioned for her to follow him. As she came up behind him, he pushed the gun nozzle down.
“It’s okay,” he whispered and pointed downhill to their left. A zebra lay on its side, belly ripped open, blood staining the flattened grass around it. Eight dogs, their faces covered in blood, tore at the pink flesh, their white teeth stained red.
“Where are the lions?” 
“No lions,” he said, raising the camera and taking photographs.
A slight breeze stirred, sending waves through the tall grass. One dog lay on his belly, his head inside the carcass. He pulled out of it and stood, his round satellite dish ears pointing toward them. He sniffed the air carefully and chirped like a bird.
“He doesn’t sound like a dog. Are you sure about this?”
Simon turned to look behind them as if to see what the dog had noticed. She turned her head. There was nothing but the golden grass swaying and dipping in the breeze.
“What?” she asked her voice low.
Simon shrugged and turned back to the kill. The hair on the back of her neck stood slowly on end as she tried hard to distinguish shapes in the grass. Nothing except for a black dot, moving steadily closer. She strained her eyes to make out the strange tip, her eyes fighting to make sense of the grass as it moved. She frowned in concentration, the clicking of Simon’s camera shutter an irritating disturbance in her ear.
It was a tail, the tip black. In front of it, but lower in the grass, two more black dots. No, more like black tufts of fur sticking out just slightly higher than the grass. Behind it, the grass stirred, out of step with the grass around it. Suddenly, a male lion lurched out of the grass into a clearing, its head low, determined. Behind it the rest of the pride followed. Gasping, she grabbed Simon’s arm and raised the rifle, her hands shaking so badly she couldn’t get the gun lined up.
Simon swung around. “Don’t,” he ordered, “they aren’t after us.” He held her left arm tight, making her back up, “Just move slowly back. We’re standing between them and the kill.”
Simon was tense. She could tell by the way he kept an eye on the lions, and a hand on the rifle in her hands. The lions walked carefully past, their heads turning briefly toward them before turning back to the purpose at hand. The male charged forward, sending the dogs around the kill scattering into the grass. The rib cage was eaten clean already. The pride fell on the carcass with hunger, their faces soon dripping with blood. The dog pack gathered and watched their kill being devoured. Licking the blood from each other’s muzzles, the dogs turned and trotted off after the zebra herd.
The afternoon was silent but for the sounds of eating and an occasional growl. The camera shutter clicked, obscenely loud, as Simon finished the roll, and then changed the film. Hyenas appeared just as the vultures, tired of waiting in the sky, settled on the ground and hopped sideways, hissing like snakes. The hyenas, with their long front legs, ran like bears. They gathered around the kill, edging forward and running quickly away, tails between legs as the lions chased them off. One snatched at the carcass, getting away with a black, muddy scrap.
The lions grew more frantic in their eating, their eyes wild as they kept a watch on the tightening circle around them. The circle grew smaller with every second, until suddenly it closed in. As one lion left to chase off an offender, it opened a gap for another scavenger to jump in on the carcass. Soon it was covered with vultures and hyenas. The lions retreated to a nearby termite heap, their bellies still empty and sagging below their ribs. A lioness climbed the termite hill, looking out over the grass, her tail twitching. In the distance, she smelled the zebra herd and, jumping down, she disappeared into the grass, the pride following.
The carcass was picked clean. The vultures retreated to nearby branches and the hyenas loped off over the plains. JC stood and followed Simon. Off in the distance the zebra herd was on the move, the ground vibrating with their hoof beats. Dust rose into the air, turning the day hazy.
***
A shot rang out, echoing off the riverbank. She sat up and looked to where the gun always hung on the wall. 
It wasn’t there. 
 She jumped out of bed and ran out the front door screaming his name, frantic. She didn’t bother with her boots, and a long sleeved shirt was all she wore as she ran into the bush, the thorns tearing her bare legs. Where had the shot come from? She ran through the grass, ignoring the thorns that buried themselves in her feet. She screamed his name as tears streaked down her face. She had to find him. She stopped dead in her tracks, and then turned toward the path they always took in the mornings. She found him walking back to the cabin, a gazelle slung over his shoulder, a look of surprise on his face. 
“Josephine, what’s wrong?”
She slapped him. Hard. Then spun around and limped back to the cabin. 
He had gone hunting, but hadn’t meant to scare her. He called for her to slow down. She ignored him and started running. Tears streamed down her face at her own overreaction, at her own fear and her own failure to love anybody who wouldn’t die on her. It was an irrational thought and she knew it, but it didn’t matter what she knew anymore. She was running on pure heart.
In the cabin, she poured herself a large glass of whisky and gulped it down, choking on it. She sat down in the chair on the verandah, her legs shaking, and watched him dump the gazelle on the ground. He leaned the rifle against the cabin wall and walked up the steps slowly. He knelt in front of her and took the glass from her hand. He took a sip, then put it on the table.
“I didn’t know it would scare you like that.”
“Everything scares me. This place, the animals, and you. You scare me.”
He touched her face, his fingers wiping away the tracks of her tears. He bent toward her and folded her in his arms. She let him, too exhausted to fight.
“I can’t do it, Simon.”
“Can’t do what?”
“Can’t stop being so damn afraid of everything.”
“Let me help you.”
“I don’t know if you can.”
“Neither do I, but it’s better than the alternative.”
***
He cut the gazelle into strips of meat to be dried. His hands were covered in blood and he looked up, catching her glance. She turned away, went inside, washed up, poured herself a brandy, and then sat on the verandah stairs. She was turning into an alcoholic. It did help her to relax and God knew she needed to.
He was the problem. This thing between them was complicating her life. He wore a pair of loose khaki pants that hung low on his hips, his shirt hanging on a tree branch next to him. His stomach was hard and flat, the muscles straining as he worked. His skin was tanned dark, his hair bleached from the sun. It would be easier not to want him so much, if he wasn’t so beautiful. She ached inside with the need to touch him, and then was instantly irritated with herself. 
“Isn’t this poaching?” she asked, her voice tinged with anger.
He looked at her briefly, the knife dripping blood on the dusty ground. 
“I have a license.”
“A license?” 
“I paid for this meat.”
In the corner of her eye a movement caught her attention. A group of men in ragged clothes stood under a tree watching them. They carried rifles and machetes.
“Simon.”
“I know,” he said quietly, not stopping what he was doing. “Get up slowly and go inside like nothing is wrong. Put more cartridges in the rifle and take the gun out of my pack. Be careful, it’s loaded.”
She stood up, leaving her drink on the stairs and walked casually past the rifle, taking it with her. Once out of sight, she panicked. Where were the cartridges? She rummaged in the pack, finding the gun she didn’t know he had, carefully putting it on the cot, dove back into the bag and pulled out the cartridges, reloaded the rifle and ran back to the door, stopping just inside it.
The men approached Simon and stood talking to him as he hung the meat on a branch. There were seven of them, young and muscled under their rough clothes. On their feet, they wore sandals. Game rangers had uniforms, didn’t they? Two of the men broke away from the group and inspected the jeep, looking inside it. A third turned to look at her as she stood in the doorway, the rifle and gun behind her out of sight.
Simon was nodding his head at something one of the men said. He glanced up at her and winked, but the look in his eyes wasn’t reassuring. She stood calmly in the doorway while he seemed to continue some kind of negotiation. He finally gave them some meat, a bag of rice and cigarettes. They left, ambling back into the trees and disappearing.
He walked up the stairs to where she stood rooted and reached around her, taking first the gun, then the rifle from her tight fingers.
“Good girl,” he said moving past her to look out one of the windows.
“Who were they?”
“Probably local poachers,” he said, snapping the safety back on the gun.
“Probably?”
“They said they were lost, needed some food.” 
“You didn’t believe them?”
“They probably heard the shot I fired this morning.”
“Will they be back?”
Simon shrugged. “I doubt it. If we don’t bother them —”
“—they won’t bother us. I know, I know. Seems to be good advice for everything that moves around here.”
“Don’t worry about them. They won’t be back.”
***
She raised the rifle, backing up slowly.
“It’s a rhino,” Simon whispered.
“I can see it’s a fucking rhino,” she hissed back. “But it’s staring at me. What should I do?”
The rhino stood ten meters in front of them, blinking as if trying to adjust its eyesight and make out the two blobs in front of it. 
“Don’t blink,” Simon whispered.
“This isn’t a joke.”
“Aaah, nope. Not at all funny.”
“Can we shoot it?”
“Most definitely not.”
“Why not?”
“There are more of us than them.”
“This isn’t the fucking time for your latent bunny-hugging to kick in.”
“Look for a tree to climb.”
“They are all thorn trees.”
“Let’s not be picky.”
The rhino snorted, adjusted its feet in a rude shuffle as the wind changed direction, and picking up their scent, lowered its head and charged.
Simon grabbed her hand, jerking her toward a tree.
“Up, up, up,” he shouted, giving her a boost before grabbing a branch and pulling himself up. 
She ignored the thorns cutting into her flesh and screamed as the rhino hit the tree with a loud thud. The branch Simon had wound his legs around cracked under his weight and sent him smacking onto the ground at the stunned rhino’s feet. He scrambled to his knees, crawled over the ground, and dove under a bush. The rhino blinked a few times, sniffed the air, and shuffled his feet around the tree, pawing the ground. He danced away, circling some bushes to their left in search of the intruders.
“Simon,” she hissed.
“Mmm.”
“You okay?”
He didn’t answer, just crept from under the bush, and paused to listen.
“Where is he?”
“On your right, about four meters past the tree.”
“What’s he doing?”
“Dancing.”
Simon crept slowly forward.
The rhino swung around and thundered through the bushes behind him. Simon jumped off the ground and ran for the tree.
“Faster, Simon!” she screamed. 
The rhino gained ground on him.
Simon leaped into the tree as the rhino buzzed past his left leg, missing by inches. Panting, Simon pulled himself higher. They sat in the thorn tree, their legs around the trunk as the rhino circled its base, pawing the ground.
“Boy, that hypervigilance therapy sure is working for me. How about you?” JC asked. 
“Sod off.”
“What hornet crawled up your ass? You’re the one that classified Mister Could-Be-a-Major-Pain-in-the-Ass down there as a ‘carefully planned encounter with danger’.” 
He pulled an inch long thorn from his hand.
“You said rhinos around here are friendly,” JC said. 
“Usually are.”
“So what’s his problem? Somebody forget to send him the company memo about two-legged correctness?”
“He’s black.”
“Why does everything come down to race in this place?” She moved her leg a little to the left, trying to get off a thorn that dug straight into her thigh. “I thought there aren’t supposed to be any black rhinos left around here.”
“Guess they missed one.”
“So this guy is the only black rhino in the whole one hundred and fifty gazillion acres, and we find him?”
“Something like that.”
“Well, ain’t we lucky?”
“Some people would think so.”
“Some people ain’t sitting up some damn thorn tree with an ass full of needles either.”
The rhino circled the tree one way, then stopped and circled the other way. 
“How do we get rid of him?”
“We wait until he loses interest in us.”
“How long is that going to take?”
“Hours . . . maybe days,” he muttered.
“Simon, we can’t sit up this tree for days.”
“What do you want me to do? Stick a stamp on his butt and hope someone mails him to China?”
“Ha. Humor,” she said with a forced smile.
Simon grabbed a higher branch, pulled himself up and sat opposite her. He took her arm, and gently pulled out the thorns imbedded in her arm. She watched the horizon, trying not to wince, and wondering, for not the first time, if there was any of her skin left that hadn’t been scarred, bruised, bitten, or ripped to shreds since she set foot on the continent. 
The rhino strolled to the left of the tree, and started browsing on a nearby bush. A hornbill flew in low and attempted to land on a branch. It veered suddenly away with a loud indignant snort when it noticed the tree was already occupied.
A low buzz to the west of them grew louder, a dust trail following in its wake. The buzz turned into the sound of an engine and a vehicle wound its way toward them. The rhino picked up the sound and stood rooted, his nose in the air, his ears twitching.
A green Land Rover emerged from the trees, coming to a sudden halt when the driver noticed the rhino. They sized each other up, the Land Rover making the first move. It advanced slowly forward. The rhino backed up, stopped, lowered his head, and charged. The Land Rover reversed, fast. A low clang vibrated from the front end of the car as the rhino hit it and pulled his head up, lodging his horn under the bumper where it stuck. The land rover jerked up and down as the rhino tried to pull his horn free.
“Oh, boy.” 
“Where are you going?” JC asked as Simon climbed down.
“To help.”
The driver jumped out of the vehicle, took off his hat and scratched his head as he watched the rhino’s frustrated efforts. He looked up as Simon approached.
“Simon Frazer. What you doing out here?”
“Playing with the animals, Charlie.”
“Well. What you fooling around with this one for? Never did see a thing like it,” Charlie said, giving his bald head a scratch. 
Charlie raised an eyebrow and looked back at the tree Simon had climbed down from. He bent down and looked up into the branches. JC smiled sweetly and waved. Charlie waved back then turned back to Simon. 
“Yours?”
“Sort of.”
Charlie shook his head, folded his arms, and looked back at the rhino.
“Well what you think?” Charlie asked after a pause, watching the rhino bounce the car.
“Do you have beer?”
Charlie walked to the back of the Land Rover, opened a cooler in the back, and handed him a cold beer, before walking to the tree, climbing up, and handing JC one. He nodded at her polite thank you, and then returned to where Simon stood behind the rhino. He opened the can and raised it. “Here’s to being treed.”
“Cheers.”
They took long sips of the cool liquid in silence and waited.
***
It was after the third thunderstorm, when the kestrels arrived from the east and sat in the branches of the acacia trees that something seemed to turn inside of her. It wasn’t the end of struggle. Not even the end of the pain. It was more a beginning of an acceptance that she wasn’t dead, wasn’t going to die, and that life could be lived despite everything. It was an acknowledgment that sadness was lived in life, and to feel other things besides was inevitable. 
He woke hearing her cry quietly in the dark. Watched her get up and move through the mosquito net around the bed. She stood by the window to stare at the black branches of the trees and the stars that hung among them, like Christmas lights left out all year round. He knew she would not welcome his intrusion, so he watched her from the bed. In the moonlight, he could see the silver tracks of wetness running down her hollow cheeks. 
***
She baited her own hook, the worm squirming as she pierced it onto the jagged metal. The sun was warm on her face and her feet were bare, her trousers rolled up. She finished with the bait, cast the line out over the brown water, and reached for her warm beer. He watched her from where he lay back against the tree trunk. They sat in the giant roots of a tree that grew by the river’s edge.
She settled back into a comfortable position against the blanket. Watching the brown water rushing by was hypnotizing, and she was soon lulled into a groggy wakefulness.
“Simon?”
“Mmm.”
“Those poachers, why did you call them local poachers?”
“The locals are just men trying to feed their families. Pretty harmless. The others are professionals, usually from tribes up west, heavily armed and dangerous.”
“What happens to the locals if they are caught?”
“They are fined, jailed for up to two years, and then let out. Sometimes the wardens will feel sorry for them and organize jobs as gun bearers to hunting outfits. The rich foreigners are given licenses to do the very same thing they were put in jail for. It’s a screwed-up system.”
Her fishing line twitched, and she drew it tighter, watching closely for a while then giving up when nothing else happened. The sun was starting to burn. She pulled her baseball cap down lower, put her chin on her knees, and closed her eyes.
The sound of a match catching fire snapped her eyes open as he lit a cigarette. She stood up and reached for the cigarette, taking it out of his hands and throwing it in the water. He watched it float away.
“That was a waste of a good cigarette.”
”There is no such thing as a good cigarette. It’s bad for you.”
“Most things are, but I’m not going to live my life avoiding it all.”
“Then do it because I asked you to.”
She smiled at him then leaned down and kissed him. He pulled her into his lap and she let him, relaxing as the sun melted her limbs. A pair of ducks bobbed up and down among the reeds and she turned to watch them before closing her eyes.
“Josephine?”
“Mm . . .”
“Don’t go back to America.”
She reached for her beer and took a sip.
“Why not?” she asked slowly.
“Because I’m asking you to stay.”
“Here?”
“With me.”
She looked at him, knowing as she did it that it was a mistake. She looked away. His eyes could draw her in, make her say things she didn’t want to. She swallowed hard, her hands clenching. 
“I can’t.”
“Why?”
“Because this place has turned me into a person I don‘t know,” she said. “It scares the living daylights out of me. It almost killed me, might even still do so, and you’re asking me to stay. This place isn’t normal. Not for me,” she paused, pulling her fishing line up out of the water. She continued slowly, “All I want to do is return to my normal world.”
He said nothing.
“What would I do here, Simon? I can’t make a living out here in the middle of nowhere.”
“This continent needs good psychologists. They could use you.”
“I thought you didn’t believe in psychology.
“Then prove me wrong. The orphanage needs help.”
“The orphanage can’t pay me. Besides this whole continent believes you have to be crazy to go to a psychologist, which is crazy, so you see the problem. And the last time I checked, nobody around here is willing to admit insanity no matter what the scale. It would be easier to get them to admit to a sexually transmitted disease than to admit they are loco in the cabesa.”
“Forget the money.”
She snorted and sat up, turning to look at him. “I like my independence. I like having my own money.”
“Stay, Josephine.”
She concentrated on the hot breeze as it slipped over her skin and whispered through the flame trees. He leaned forward, his hand reaching for hers, their fingers tangled. She sighed, hypnotized, her insides melting as her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth. She couldn’t. Didn’t he know that? Tears ran down her cheeks and he leaned closer, kissed her eyelids. 
“I can’t,” she whispered desperately and pulled away. 
Standing up, she walked off into the grass. The smell of the grass was strong. The hot wind blew through the dry palm fronds along the river. She walked up the hill to sit on a rock looking out over the plains. In the distance, a giraffe walked under the mountain, kicking up dust from the dry ground. 
The rock was hot, burning the skin on her hands. Thunder rolled over the grass and she inhaled deeply, loving the sweet smell of the rain. She had never known anything like it. 
It was as if here on this continent God had turned everything up a notch. Colors were sharper, smells sweeter, sounds louder, life harder, death closer. She looked up at the horizon to watch the sky turn red. 
It looked like the earth, soaked with the blood of animals and people, could not hold any more and the blood leaked into the sky. There, all could witness the cruelty that had turned Africa upside down, the sunset alive with the force of life itself.
 She sat in silent awe, a witness to the earth’s sadness.
THIRTY
“It’s an old car and her brakes don’t work too well, but she runs.”
Old was an understatement. Very old was closer to the truth. The huge silver Mercedes had no suspension left and the seats formed buckets that threatened to swallow her. 
“Maybe we should take Simon’s jeep.”
“Why, dear?”
“Well you said the brakes don’t work.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that. I had them make the horn louder.”
“Of course. How silly of me.”
JC got in, buckled up, and waited for Elizabeth to start the car. Elizabeth smiled at her, her hands neatly folded on her lap as she waited. After five minutes, four workers arrived and pushed. It took a special starter to get it going, Elizabeth explained, pumping the gas pedal. The engine coughed to life and the car jerked forward. Elizabeth waved a gloved hand of thanks and off they went downhill with no brakes. As they reached the end of the driveway, Elizabeth put her hand on the horn and swerved onto the road at thirty miles an hour. She was right about the horn. It was loud, JC thought, taking her hands off her ears and opening her eyes.
Elizabeth drove like a woman possessed, both hands on the steering wheel, leaning forward, her back clear of the backrest. She honked at everything that looked like it would move and swerved for nothing. Not cows, not potholes and not children. They all seemed to recognize her, and the road, normally busy with life, cleared quickly as they approached, leaving a huge dust cloud behind them. 
Town was a one-street affair they reached after a couple of hours’ drive over winding dirt roads. It was a sleepy town, laid-back and tropical with banana trees and palm trees giving the seedy streets some credibility. Huge jacarandas lined the only road and corrugated buildings, painted in bright reds and blues, stood among the crumbling colonial buildings. Signs along the street offered tours and a few backpackers strolled along, hitching rides from trucks and taxis.
The traffic of bicycles and pedestrians made driving along the road slow and they followed a bicycle, weighed down with bananas and fish, on the way to market. Elizabeth stopped the car outside a whitewashed colonial building. 
“Hold the handle up and slam it,” Elizabeth advised as JC tried to slam the door without success.
Elizabeth got out and retied the string that kept her own door closed. It seemed the horn was the only thing that was solidly maintained on the car. She held the handle up and slammed it, causing the side mirror to fall off, but the door stuck. Picking up the mirror, JC looked at Elizabeth in apology.
“It does that all the time, dear. Here, give it to me. I’ll just throw it on the back seat.” Elizabeth said, “In the twenty years that I’ve had this car, it has given me no troubles. Most cars don’t last long on these roads and spare parts is a dirty word around here.”
That explained the brakes. 
Elizabeth fixed her purple hat on her perfectly done hair and pulled on her white gloves. She wore a pretty yellow dress and white high heels. You had to give her credit for the effort, JC thought, and ran a careless hand over her own short hair. She looked down at her jeans and straightened Simon’s oversized T-shirt. She hadn’t thought about clothes in a long time. She decided it was a good sign. Her mind was returning to details.
“It is a pity there is no decent shop to buy you some clothes,” Elizabeth said, reading her thoughts. “Never mind. Allison was kind enough to let us borrow some of hers and you are lucky dear, she has exquisite taste. She promised to bring them today. Since you are feeling better, dear, it would be wonderful to have a dinner party. What do you think?”
“It sounds like a great idea,” she said, smiling.
“Wonderful,” Elizabeth said, satisfied.
They stepped through the wooden front doors of a white building with cracked columns. Elizabeth’s heels clicked on the stone floor as they walked through the entrance. They turned left into a corridor that led past a kitchen to an open courtyard. Tables covered in white tablecloths, under white umbrellas were arranged around a fountain that sprayed water into the air. White people in khaki pants and pretty dresses sat having lunch. Allison smiled and waved from a table under a small palm tree.
 She stood and kissed Elizabeth on both cheeks then turned to JC. They sat down, ordering drinks.
“It’s good to see you again,” Allison said.
JC didn’t know what she was talking about so she smiled and said nothing.
“I’m sorry about your sister,” Allison went on. “I had hoped you would find her.”
Allison Sanders was the Allison from the party in Goma, JC realized. Her hair was red now, shorter, but it suited her. She looked tanned and fit in a white spaghetti strap dress. 
“Thank you,” JC said.
Uncomfortable, Allison looked at Elizabeth for help.
“Well, I think we should have lunch, and then I need to see about doing a few errands,” Elizabeth said, helping very well.
The rest of the conversation during lunch went by fairly easily with JC listening as Allison and Elizabeth planned the dinner party. They discussed whom to invite, when to have it, how many courses to serve and whether strawberries were available at this time of year. After lunch, Allison pulled out a cigarette and lit it, offering JC one.
“No, thank you,” JC said, leaning back in her chair, away from the smoke. 
Elizabeth excused herself, promising to return soon and JC followed her across the room with her eyes.
“She’s a tough old bird, that one,” Allison said, nodding toward Elizabeth’s retreating back. “I’ve always admired those women who could make being tough look so feminine. Do you know what I mean?”
“I guess I do. She can change a flat tire in dirt and heat and arrive in town looking as fresh as a daisy.”
“Yes, exactly. I think it’s a genetic trait that has been bred out. We just don’t get made in that model anymore.” 
 JC looked at her scuffed hands, the dirt under her nails and pushed the sleeves of her T-shirt up a little.
Allison pulled a bag from behind her and held it out to her. “Go ahead take it. A little present,” she said, smiling.
JC accepted the bag and peeked inside it. Clothes. Expensive, fragile clothes.
“Thank you, it’s not really nec—” she started saying, but Allison cut her off.
“It’s a pleasure. I hope they fit, you’re probably a few sizes smaller than I am.”
They were silent for a while, both uncomfortable.
“I hope—” JC started.
“Come with—” Allison said at the same time.
They both stopped.
“You first,” JC said.
“I wanted to say why don’t you come with me after lunch while Elizabeth does some errands.”
JC agreed. 
They left Elizabeth at the front entrance where she turned right and they went left.
“Where are we going?” JC asked.
“I’ve volunteered at a Red Cross orphanage for children who have been left homeless after all the fighting. They bus them out of the troubled regions to places like this. I thought you might want to see it.”
Allison noticed suddenly that JC had stopped walking. Turning back, she stopped next to her.
“Are you all right?” she asked. 
JC had lost all the color in her face.
“Here, sit down,” Allison said, pulling her toward a low wall.
“I’m fine,” JC said, pulling her arm free.
“Was it something I said?”
“You could say that,” she took a deep breath. “Sorry. I’ll be fine. Just give me a minute.”
After a silence, Allison said “It’s about the boy you buried on the hill, isn’t it? God, I’m such an ass. Elizabeth told me about it.”
What else did Elizabeth tell her? 
“Look, we don’t have to go to the orphanage. Let’s go to the market instead.”
“No,” she said slowly. “I want to see the orphanage. Just let me get over the overwhelming panic first.”
“Are you sure?” She sounded almost disappointed. “You had a very strong reaction to the idea.”
 JC nodded and they walked the rest of the way in silence. The orphanage consisted of an old barn behind the local church that had been converted to house the children. Someone had made an effort to plant a vegetable garden. Flowers decorated the verandah and a swing made from an old tire swung wildly under a tree as children spun it out into the air. The youngest played in the yard outside, their bright faces shiny with sweat as they ran around in the midday sun, chasing each other. A group of toddlers stood together, hugging each other.
Allison saw her watching them.
“They do that a lot. They seem to need the contact, having lost it with their parents.”
A little boy sat under a tree watching the others play, his face blank. Both his lower legs were missing, heavy bandages wrapped around where his knees should have been.
Under a huge mango tree, on one side of the yard, class was being taught to the older children. They sat on the ground, watching the teacher as he drew on a blackboard. He was teaching English. 
The barn was bare except for grass mats that lay spread on either side. Next to the barn, a covered area housed the kitchen where four older girls and two women peeled potatoes and cleaned vegetables, singing as they worked.
The singing stopped as they approached. Allison greeted them all and introduced her. A huge cooking pot hung over a fire and long tables crowded the rest of the covered area. Accepting a knife, Allison started peeling carrots. JC was given a huge cooking spoon and ordered to stir the maize bubbling in a smaller pot.
“How many orphans are here?” JC asked.
“A hundred and seven, the last time I counted. The orphanage was only meant to house fifty orphans, but they arrive by themselves, some carrying younger siblings. We cannot turn them away. I talk to the children and try to find out if they have any living relatives we can send them to. I then contact them and arrange transportation, but even if they do have relatives, they are reluctant to take them in. Times are hard. Take Palaya here for instance,” Allison said, nodding at the girl washing lettuce who turned at the sound of her name. ”She has an aunt who lives near the border with Uganda. We sent her there and she came back after two months. Her aunt abused her, making her do the worst of the work and beating her in drunken anger. It was when her aunt tried to make her sleep with a man for money that she ran away. She came back here. She had nowhere else to go and she likes it here. Many of the children are better treated here than any place they have ever been. She doesn’t want to go back.”
When the last carrot had been peeled and the stew was bubbling, they left the kitchen and walked out to the yard. They sat under the mango tree as class was dismissed and the older children began to play. Allison stood up and walked over to a little boy sitting by himself under the tree. She bent down and picked him up, carried him over and sat back down next to JC. The boy sat quietly on her lap, his eyes on his hands, the flies on his face unnoticed. Allison took a tissue from her bag and wiped his nose.
“This is Matthew. Father Jacob gave him that name. He hasn’t spoken much since he arrived one morning about two weeks ago. Someone left him on the church doorsteps. His legs had been cut off below the knees and the wounds were still fresh. He almost died on us. We were lucky that one of the Red Cross doctors had been staying with us for a few days or we would have lost him. He lost a lot of blood.”
JC watched his little hands shiver as they lay on his lap. 
“I think he lost a lot more than just blood,” she said.
Allison sighed and nodded. ”Many of these children have watched their parents die an agonizing death. It seems such a waste. I will never understand the violence.”
JC sat watching Allison as she talked softly to the boy in her lap. His tiny, thin hand disappeared in hers as she tried to coax a response from him. An image of Angelina flashed through JC’s mind and she looked away toward a group of girls playing with an old tire they rolled around the yard.
This had been Angelina’s dream. She should be sitting here under the mango tree listening to them play. JC picked up a twig and drew a happy face in the dirt at her feet. She wiped the dirt clean with her foot then drew a picture of a house with a tree and flowers.
Allison stopped talking as the little boy turned his head to watch the pictures JC drew in the dirt. She wiped the pictures out with her foot.
“Andika picha, “ the little boy said loudly, startling them. “Andika picha,” he repeated.
“He wants you to draw them again,” Allison said.
He watched her, fascinated as she drew one picture after another and after a while Allison transferred him to JC’s lap. He leaned forward, his little hand on hers as she drew.
JC looked at Allison and smiled. The sun dipped below the horizon and the laughter of the children at play was carried toward them on the late afternoon heat.
THIRTY-ONE
 The night of the dinner party brought a sudden thunderstorm and it raged outside, shaking the windows with its fury. JC stood by the window watching in awe as sheet lightning flashed the darkness, and the thunder crashed in behind it. The trees swayed in the wind, ripping the deserted weaver nests from their perches then carrying them up into the sky.
She wasn’t used to thunderstorms. In Los Angeles, it seldom rained and then with a complete absence of sound, as if even the weather had been civilized. She hadn’t thought about LA or her life there in a long time.
Simon opened the bedroom door and walked in, dressed in a formal pair of black pants and a casual sweater. He walked over to the window and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her back toward him.
“You aren’t dressed,” he said. “Have you been standing here since I left?”
She nodded and leaned into him. “It’s amazing,” she said. “I thought you said this was the dry season.”
“It is.”
“But look at it.”
She flinched as another sheet of lightning illuminated the garden and Simon felt her muscles tense as she waited for the thunder to follow. He pulled her away from the window and turned her to face him. He stroked her hair, still damp from her shower. A black cocktail dress lay on the bed. He reached for it, helped her slip it on, and zipped up the back. She stood in front of the mirror and he watched her brush her hair.
“I need make-up,” she said, studying her pale reflection.
“No, you don’t.”
She had a strong face, dominated by high cheekbones and a stubborn chin. She still hadn’t gained back all her weight. Her face didn’t look like her own. The hair made a difference, she decided. It was cut short, a blunt cut with a strong short fringe making her look almost like a pixie. It changed her look completely. Her clear brown eyes stared back at her. She dropped her gaze to her lips. They were drawn in a tight line. She forced herself to relax and smiled at her own reflection. 
She caught his eyes in the mirror, and turned to look at him. 
“You look beautiful.”
He slipped her hand into his and together they walked downstairs. She hesitated, and he squeezed her hand and coaxed her on.
“They don’t bite,” he whispered.
“I do.”
He pulled her forward.
Elizabeth met them at the entrance to the living room. Taking full advantage of an opportunity to dress up, she wore a beautiful long pink gown, her hair piled up in an elegant beehive. Her neck was draped with jewels that sparkled in the light from the fireplace. She looked stunning.
“Darlings, there you are. How wonderful you look tonight, JC.” She took her hands and drew her close. “Simon, fetch a drink for her. The champagne is on the sideboard. Come, I will introduce you to my friends.”
The next hour passed in a daze as she was led around the crowded room and introduced to people whose names she could not remember. Her mind seemed dominated by the storm outside, as was the conversation.
“We only just barely made it,” a woman said to her in a high, nasal voice. “The Ashtons haven’t arrived yet. It’s a two hour drive from their farm. I do hope they are not stuck on the muddy roads out there. It is so dangerous to be caught out in the night. You never know what will happen.”
 “Oh come now, Mave,” Elizabeth said over her champagne glass. “We both know if there is something to fear out there tonight it’s the Ashtons themselves. Why, last year alone they went through six cooks and five housemaids. Their staff is afraid of them and their own children never visit.”
“It’s her fault, you know. Ever since he brought her back from Europe with her Spanish temper, she has put an evil in that house that no one can stand.”
Elizabeth snorted. “He wouldn’t have had to bring her back were it not for his penchant for burying his wives.” Turning to JC, Elizabeth lowered her voice and Mave drew closer. “Killed them all, he did, and got away with it. He was one from the old generation, always harping on about a woman’s place and a woman’s worthlessness. Nothing a woman did was ever right. Something evil was always afoot and he would put a stop to it. He locked his first wife up in her bedroom because he suspected she was carrying on with a neighbor. Next day he left on safari and clean forgot about her. The staff was not about to disobey his orders, you know, and he left no instructions to let her out. He returned weeks later to find her dead. Starved to death, poor thing. He denied the whole thing. Told the police she refused to eat because she was on a diet.”
Mave touched JC’s arm to get her attention. “His second wife died from an accidental fall down the stairs. His third from a car accident.” She paused and raised an eyebrow. “He was driving.”
“And you invited him to dinner?” JC asked Elizabeth.
“Oh yes, dear me. He tells the most wonderful stories when he’s drunk, and he’s ever so entertaining.”
“You must excuse us, dear,” Mave said. “We have no cinemas or soap operas to watch, so to miss out on the Ashtons is to miss out on our favorite show.”
“Let me know when the show begins,” JC said, laughing, and excused herself.
She saw Allison sitting on the sofa next to Mark, their heads close together, as they spoke, intent on their conversation. Simon stood near the doorway with a drink in his hand, listening to a man she vaguely remembered was an old business partner of his father. He looked up and caught her glance from across the room. He smiled and lifted his glass to drink, keeping his eyes on her.
“Are you all right?”
It was Mark. He stood next to her, frowning in concern.
“Fine.”
“Another drink, then?”
“No, thank you, I think I’ve had enough. I’m just restless, that’s all. The storm. It’s made me jumpy, I guess.”
“Strange weather,” he agreed, moving closer to the window and looking out.
He looked well, his leg completely healed. He would return to London soon. They hadn’t spoken much. Strange that she hadn’t really given him much thought. She had been so wrapped up in her own reconstruction she had no room left to consider others. 
He had just been there. They would pass each other, he going someplace and she a place different from his. They were polite when needed, but otherwise hadn’t made the effort to approach each other. She knew she avoided him because she felt guilty for his injuries, but why he avoided her she hadn’t really thought about. He probably didn’t like her. 
“Do you love my brother?” he asked casually, except that it wasn’t a casual question.
He was on a fact-finding mission and she wondered who had put him up to it. 
“Does it matter?”
“Yes, very much, actually,” he said and turned to her with the same expression Simon used on her when determined to see something through.
“Why?”
“Because you’re not very good for him.”
“And you’re not very nice.” 
“I can be.”
“Just not now.”
He smiled, his shoulders relaxing slightly. “Simon’s an idiot. I’ve known it all my life. He always fancies himself in love with women who could never live here.”
“Maybe he does it on purpose.”
“It’s true, then?”
“What? That I could never live here?” she glanced at Simon who watched them from across the room. Allison stood next to him and she put her hand on his arm, drawing his attention. “Yes,” she said slowly and looked back at Mark. “It’s true. Can you blame me? It scares the living daylights out of me.” 
Mark nodded slowly, his lips pulling tight.
“And you don’t believe in facing your fears?”
“Sure, but not to the point of moving in with them.”
“He asked you marry him?”
The smoke in the room was getting thicker and she struggled to inhale, suddenly feeling cornered. 
“I can’t marry him and what the hell is this, Mark? Let it go, would you? I can’t see that it is any of your business.” She turned to leave and he grabbed her arm, pulling her back.
“You give him false hope by staying.”
He dropped his hand and she walked away. 
She opened the door onto the verandah, closing it quickly behind her. She took great gulps of fresh air and closed her eyes in relief. Rubbing her naked arms against the chill, she walked slowly over to the low wall that ran along the edge of the verandah and stood looking out at the darkness beyond the rain. She turned her head, listening to the music as it drifted toward her. Old opera records played on a turntable. She liked the sound of the scratched and well-used records.
Laughter spilled out of the door and into the night as it opened, then closed again. She listened to his footsteps as he approached, not needing to turn around to know it was him. He draped a shawl around her shoulders. She leaned back against him as his arms tightened around her.
“What’s the matter, Josephine? You’re shaking.”
“Am I? Must be the storm,” she said, her voice giving nothing away.
He sensed her distance and tightened his arms in protest.
“What’s the matter?” he asked again, his voice edged with irritation.
She recognized the warning signs. He was usually in a good mood, but when he lost his temper, it happened quickly. She turned to face him, ran a hand through his hair, down his cleanly shaven chin. His face softened and she touched her lips to his. 
She drew back after a while, waited for her breathing to return to normal, for the heat in her blood to cool. She hated this feeling, so out of control and beyond caring. She could not afford the need for him, not now when she was struggling so desperately to regain control of her world.
She pushed away from him and walked to the end of the verandah, hearing him sigh and stand up. She could feel his eyes on her.
“Do you think sometimes that life was all planned out for us before we were even born?” she asked.
“It’s the big questions you’re struggling with then?”
“I’m confused, that’s all. Trying to make sense out of what I have become.”
“You haven’t changed, Josephine. You’re still the person I picked up at the airport in Kigoma.”
“Am I?”
“Yes. You’re still as stubborn, self-righteous, and beautiful as ever.” He stood next to her, looking out at the storm. “Your perspective on the world may have changed, but you’re the same person, only now you see things a little differently.”
“The old ‘me’ wouldn’t have let this happen.”
“You mean us?”
She nodded.
“The old you didn’t know me.”
He was right. It wasn’t about needing someone. It was about needing him. 
And she did.
But he lived here. It was his life. It wasn’t hers and if she wanted her own reality back, she had to leave this place and him. It demanded too much of her. It had taken her sister, her dignity, her sanity and it would keep taking until every little part of her was gone and she was something else completely. There was nothing she could do about it except leave, even if it meant leaving him.
She sighed and turned to look at him. 
“I miss her, Simon. Every day I wake up thinking about her. About how she might have died or if she died at all. I wonder if maybe I should go back. If maybe, there is something more I can do. Maybe they never found her body because she’s not dead. And when I have thought it all through again, I know I can’t do it because it will end up killing me. I have nothing left to give and I want to move on with my life. That’s the real truth. I want to be me again. I want to live a normal life and wear my own clothes and sleep in my own bed. I want to go running on the trail above my house and I want to know I can do that every single day for the rest of my life. And I’m selfish for it because she will never have any of that ever again.” She stopped suddenly and he waited. “I miss her so terribly much. That’s all it comes down to and I know that from now on I will always feel that way, and it kills me.” She turned to him and smiled. “Life isn’t fair and even though I’ve always known it, I’ve never felt it so deeply before.”
He sighed and reached out to pull her closer, “Life is life, and fun is fun. It’s all quiet . . . ”
“. . . when the goldfish die,” she whispered, finishing for him.
She had stiffened beside him. He looked away, closing his eyes and rubbing them with his fingers.
“Angelina used to say that all the time,” she said in a monotone. “It was her answer to everything.” She paused, her mind reeling with questions, and she heard the little click in her brain as pieces fell suddenly into place. “I don’t know where she got it from,” she continued. “What about you Simon . . . where did you get it from?”
He didn’t say anything, just stood there with his hands in his pockets, leaning against the pillar, his eyes on the rain.
She had never asked him. She had asked everybody else but she had never asked him.
“Did you know her?” she asked slowly. “Before you met me, did you know her?”
“Yes.”
Such a tiny word. She felt slightly dizzy and completely brittle, like she was going to fall into a thousand pieces at his feet. 
“It’s why you went, isn’t it?”
She watched him carefully, waiting for him to deny it.
He didn’t move. Didn’t look at her. Didn’t say a word. 
“I didn’t get it, any of it,” she said after a while. “Not why you did Kevin the favor of finding me in Kigoma. Why you watched me like you did. Christ, what a fool I was. I thought it was me you wanted, but it never was, was it? All this time it was her.”
He reached for her. 
“Don’t touch me. Don’t you dare touch me. Oh, God, I’m going to be sick.” 
And she was.
She threw up into the flower bed, her head spinning. He didn’t move, just watched, knowing she wouldn’t want his help, not now. She straightened and stiffened against the nauseating weakness. She sat down on the wall, one hand on her stomach. He held out a handkerchief and she took it, slowly wiping her mouth and then sat with it in her hands.
“Did you love her?”
“Josephine . . .”
“I must have been a sad substitute. Poor Simon.”
The noise from the party drifted into the silence around them and a dog barked in the night somewhere. She looked up at him then, saw the truth on his face, sadness in his eyes, or maybe it was pity. How could she have been so blind? She, who was trained to know what other people were thinking, had missed something that was staring her in the face.
“At the camp in Goma.” Her voice broke and she swallowed hard, tasting the vomit in the back of her throat. ”You didn’t know, did you? Didn’t know who it was you had put on that plane in Kinshasa. Whose life did you hope you had saved?”
“Josephine, don’t.”
“I’m curious, that’s all. Who was it you hoped you’d found in Goma?” 
She saw his lips move, couldn’t hear the sounds they made, but she didn’t have to.
THIRTY-TWO
It was still cool and JC wished she had brought a sweater. Her feet were bare, her legs, under the blue kanga skirt, were covered in goose bumps. She had tied a bandanna around her head hoping it would keep the sweat out of her eyes, but it wasn’t warm enough to break a sweat.
She stood in the long line of pickers, a basket strapped around her shoulders, the weight of it on her back. She watched the young girl in front of her as her fingers flew over the leaves. She worked so fast it was impossible to follow the motion, so she gave up and concentrated on her own clumsy fingers. She picked the smallest shoot with two tender leaves and a bud. They were still wet with dew and she shivered at the early morning chill.
Falling into the mechanical motion of picking, her mind wandered to the orphanage, the children, and their desperate need for love. She helped on a regular basis now, bringing paper and crayons for them. She was even starting to learn their language.
It had happened so slowly and so much without intent, that soon she had been absorbed into their lives. Helping them through their pain was slowly starting to help her through her own.
She couldn’t leave yet.
The workers around her sang, their voices blending together, soothing her thoughts. She picked leaves and listened to the words as she moved down the line of tea bushes, the rhythm catchy, and the words smooth. She hummed along until she learned enough words to join in, receiving startled looks from those around her.
She had been the recipient of many odd looks all morning. They probably resented her intrusion and she didn’t blame them. She was slow and clumsy and those behind her had to pick up her slack, their baskets full long before hers. She watched them walk across the field to where the baskets were weighed on a scale and the weight was logged in a book. The leaves were packed in bags and thrown on carts that transported them to the factory where they would be dried.
The girl working beside her had emptied her basket twice when JC made her first trip across the field. Eyes followed her as she walked and she heard the word zuka more than once. It meant ghost, she knew, had asked Elizabeth about it after the first couple of times she heard it whispered. It didn’t matter, they were right. 
Her basket was heavy now, pulling on her shoulders and she moved past the line. The scale had been set up under a tree, the table with the logbook stood next to it. Behind the table sat Joseph, a pen in his hand and a frown on his face. It was good to see him frowning at her again.
“It is not right that you work in the field.” 
“Joseph, there are too many things in life that are not right, but I don’t see how you can fix them all.” 
She struggled with the basket, unstrapping it. 
“You strange American woman have strange American ideas,” he snapped, but a smile slowly spread across his face. He got up from his chair and extended his hand for her to shake.
She moved forward, ignoring his outstretched hand and gave him a hug. He patted her shoulder stiffly, but as she pulled back, she could see his smile had spread almost around his face. She had missed that smile. His mouth pulled a little crooked from the scar on his cheek.
“Mr. Frazer has been very good to me.”
“How is your family?” she asked as her basket was weighed.
“They are good, but my brothers and sisters are still in Zaire and it does not get better with them. Already my brother’s sons have been killed in the war.”
“I am sorry to hear that.”
The weight for her basket was called out and Joseph’s frown returned. He did not have a name in his book to write it next to.
“Just write the amount next to somebody who could do with the extra money.”
Joseph nodded and scanned the names. “Why are you working in the fields? Always you are doing crazy white man stuff.”
“It helps with the devils in my head,” she said. He looked up and nodded at her in understanding.
 “I have good medicine for those devils.” 
“Does it involve a trip to a witch doctor, some snake’s blood, and human hair?”
“Now again you make fun of me,” he said, “but when those devils eat you alive, you come talk to Joseph.”
“I’ll remember that,” she said, swinging the empty basket up onto her back and walking away.
Joseph called after her, “You work too slow, white woman. You must work faster.”
She smiled, not turning around.
When the sun set, she left the basket on a pile with the others and made her way slowly up the path to the graveyard. Grass and weeds had invaded the top of the small grave, the black soil hardly visible anymore. The memories of utter despair ran through her, but she pushed them away. Not so bad after all, she thought, and felt herself relaxing. The memories would always be there, but with time, she would learn how to cope with the feelings attached to them. She could stand next to the grave now and not feel like she wanted to crawl into it.
***
 She spent the last few days at the orphanage teaching English because the teacher had left. There was no more money to pay him. The children called her by name and slipped their little hands into hers as she walked through the gate. When she sat down, someone would climb into her lap and the little face would smile up at her. They came to her and talked of things she could not understand, but knew of anyway. 
She carried on as always, teaching them how to draw because they couldn’t. They drew pictures of angry men with big knives dripping with blood. Pictures of headless people standing in a row. 
There were no flowers in their drawings. No yellows. No blues.
When the red crayon was used up, they stopped drawing.
So she used the neglected crayons and drew pictures of flowers. She taught them to draw animals and butterflies, trying to remember the colors she had seen on wings in the forest. Then she would hang them on the walls in the orphanage and the children would stare at them.
Allison translated the stories the children told. Stories of hiding in basements in local churches because the men with machetes would kill them if they found them. A boy told of how he covered himself in the blood of others and lay still on the floor among the dead as soldiers stepped over him. He was eight years old and he walked for days through the countryside hiding in bushes and avoiding the roadblocks where drunken men with machetes killed every Tutsi they saw. 
The only emotion she could come up with was relief. Relief because in a few days she wouldn’t have to walk through that gate anymore. Wouldn’t have to see their haunted eyes and hear their stories. Wouldn’t have to put another six-year old on a bus to relatives she had never met. Wouldn’t have to listen to them cry in the day and scream at night. Wouldn’t have to try and heal their minds. 
***
 “I love it, you know,” Elizabeth said, her arm linked with JC as they strolled down the road to the drying sheds, “but it has no feeling for me. It does not listen and it does not care.”
“You mean the estate?” JC asked.
“The estate, Africa, it doesn’t matter. They are the same.”
“I don’t know. I think Africa heard me the first time I said I hated it. It made sure I knew the feeling was mutual.”
Elizabeth laughed. “Perhaps you are right.”
“Have you never thought of moving back to Europe?”
“Every day. You know, not too long ago, every valley around here was full of white settlers, full of plantations. Now, most of it is owned by big corporations, run by managers while the owners sit in Europe. Houses I used to attend parties in are crumbling as the natives set up their huts on the lawns. You know, they hardly ever prefer the buildings of the white people to their own mud walls. I imagine they think the white man’s house too big and cold. Not at all practical when you have no furniture to clutter the place with. The price of tea keeps falling and I have no desire to start something new. It’s the crime, the corrupt government, the droughts. Soon I will have no one to invite for dinner anymore. Nobody to admire my silver or appreciate my china cups. This is not how I would have thought it would end.”
“Is it the end?”
“Yes, for us white colonial settlers I think so, but it is as it should be. Strange how we thought we could fence off the wildness of this place. You know we haven’t had an elephant come down from the bamboo forests in twenty-five years, and two months ago one was eating my flowers and you know, I let it. I forbid the houseboys to chase it off and I sat on the lawn and watched it for hours.” She sighed, a satisfied smile on her face. “We had so many ideas once. Now, I think we don’t care enough to suffer the consequences.”
Elizabeth stopped and picked a wildflower growing along the road. She placed it in JC’s hair, brushing a few strands back into place. 
“There, much better.”
“You have been very kind despite your dislike for me,” JC said softly.
Elizabeth paused, lowering her hands and smiled slightly. “Don’t hold it against me, dear. I would dislike anyone who hurt my children.”
“I never meant to hurt him.”
“I know. It’s the only reason you’re still alive.”
JC smiled. Elizabeth took her arm again and they moved forward.
”He does love you, Josephine.”
Elizabeth didn’t know about Angelina and JC didn’t feel like explaining. Wasn’t sure she could if she tried.
“He loves Africa,” she said instead.
Elizabeth was silent, her eyes on the path. “Would you really ask that of him?”
“He asks it of me.”
“He could never live anywhere else.”
“I know,” she said softly.
***
He knew she was there even before her reflection appeared on the glass of the window in front of him. She wore the perfume he had bought her, the one a relative brought back from London. He loved the smell, loved it even more on her. He knew why she had come looking for him. 
He clenched his fists and folded his arms.
“Simon?”
“Mmm,” he muttered, not trusting his voice.
“You can’t avoid me forever.”
“I wasn’t avoiding you.”
She pushed away from the door, closing it gently behind her. He stood with his back toward her, looking out the study window, the white cotton of his shirt pulled tight across his shoulders. He hadn’t bothered to switch on the lights, but the fireplace threw enough light around the room. She stopped behind him, close, but not touching him.
“I’m leaving in the morning,” she said quickly, her voice strained.
He nodded. 
“I have to,” she said quietly. 
“Why?” he asked, his voice harsh.
“Because you love her, Simon.”
“I did love her, Josephine; don’t punish me for it. She did enough of that on her own.”
“Simon—” she started, but didn’t know how to continue.
“She never let me get close. I wanted to believe it was nothing to do with me. I was wrong.”
“So you settled for me.”
“I’m not going to try and convince you that my feelings for you have nothing to do with her, because I’m not sure it would be the truth. I won’t even try to stop you from leaving, because maybe it’s better that way.”
He touched her face. She moved toward his hand, unthinking, letting her body do what it wanted to. She closed her eyes as the tears rolled down her cheeks. He took her face in his hands and kissed her on the mouth, his kiss growing deeper, and his mouth harder. 
His hands worked quickly on her clothes, his mouth distracting her. He fed his memories with the feel of her, moving inside of her as he watched her eyes change color, watched himself drown in them. He wanted to climb under her skin, to make sure she never forgot. 
His body trembled with the need to fit a lifetime of wanting into a night, and he knew he couldn’t. The thought panicked him. He would never get enough of her. 
So he held her, storing in his mind every detail that made her the woman he loved. He watched her as she slept. The sun crawled across the wooden floor to where they lay and he tightened his hold on her. It warmed her face and she woke, her eyes watching him. He couldn’t read what she was thinking. 
She kissed him and rose, closing the door behind her.
***
She stood on the ridge, the breeze blowing her blue dress against her legs. The air was clear and the view over the grasslands stretched for an eternity. The smell of wild thyme drifted toward her and the eucalyptus trees rustled, the silver leaves rasping against each other. It was so peaceful in this one spot that it was hard to give credibility to all the reasons for leaving. 
But she did. She wanted out. This place had shown her things she would have preferred never to know. 
She looked down at the shoes she wore and slipped them off, digging her toes into the warm earth under her. There was a message in the feeling of the dirt, she thought. It reminded of a time more primitive when details meant the difference between living and dying. With that awareness, her eyes grew sharp enough to see the grains of sand on a beetle’s back. Her hearing sharp enough to hear the whisper of grass as he walked toward her.
She didn’t tense. Her muscles stayed relaxed, her breathing even. She marveled at it. Not bolting at the tiniest noise was a battle she fought every day. 
She didn’t have to turn around to recognize him. She knew the way he moved, the sound of the grass as it brushed against him. His head would be up, looking ahead, his eyes on her. He never had to watch the ground to see where he was going. Almost as if he felt his way over it, reading its rise and fall by feeling. 
He came and stood next to her, his hands deep in his pockets, looking over the great emptiness filled with yellow grass all the way to the end, to where the sky met the earth.
“She should be buried here,” JC said quietly. “She loved this place about as much as I hated it.” 
“Are you all right?”
“I wish I knew they can’t hurt her anymore,” she said, her voice breaking. She paused, trying to get her emotions under control. She turned toward him and laughed suddenly, embarrassed as tears ran down her cheeks. She wiped at them furiously. 
“I’ve never cried as much as I have in the last few months. I’ve sprung a leak and it won’t stop.” 
He reached for her hand and held her bent fingers between his. She took a deep breath and waited for the tears to stop. 
“Do you think we will ever know what happened to her?”
He didn’t say anything. It was answer enough. She nodded and stared out over the grasslands, trying to accept never knowing. The singing of the pickers in the fields carried on the wind along the ridge and out into the emptiness. She had grown to love those voices, had grown to love the sounds of the wood pigeons and the thunder in the late afternoon.
“It’s time,” he said.
***
Elizabeth wore a hat and stood beside the jeep, a parcel in her hands. I made some sandwiches in case you get hungry,” she said. She handed them to JC and whispered, “Now, dear, are you sure this is the right decision?”
JC smiled and kissed her on the cheek. “I’m going to miss you,” she said and knew that she would.
Mark bent stiffly to give her a hug. “Take care.”
“Thank you, Mark, for everything, I mean it,” she said and stepped back, uncomfortable under his gaze.
“I’m not going to cry, but it doesn’t mean I don’t care,” Allison said as they hugged. “And here, a present.”
She took the parcel and unwrapped the paper. It was a picture drawn by the children at the orphanage. There were no reds, no blacks or browns. Only yellows and blues, greens and purples. It was a picture of the children standing in a garden surrounded by flowers. They had smiles on their faces and flowers in their hair.
 “Thank you,” she smiled, folding her arms around Allison. “It means a lot to me.” 
Joseph stood leaning against a tree in the garden watching them from a distance. She walked over to say goodbye.
“Do the spirits say it is a good day to fly?” she asked, a tiny smile at the corner of her mouth.
“It is never a good day to fly. Birds must fly, people must walk.”
“It’s a long way for walking, Joseph.”
“Then you must stay. I think Mr. Simon Frazer could give you many children. He is a good man.”
“Yes, a good man,” she agreed. “But I do not fit into his world.”
“Africa, it has made you into a new shape. This new shape it fits Africa. It does not anymore fit America.”
She sighed and hoped he was wrong. She took his hand and held it. 
“Good bye, Joseph.” 
He nodded. She let go of his hand and turned away.
“Dunia duara.” 
She turned back to him and smiled. “The Earth is round,” she echoed. He nodded, a smile spreading over his face.
THIRTY-THREE
Her therapist was the kind of shrink who didn’t think sanity was a worthwhile goal. He sat behind his cluttered desk rummaging for a pen, a frown on his face. 
“Aha,” he said, holding a pen up triumphantly. He pulled a notepad closer and switched on his recorder, settling in his chair with a coffee cup.
“I guess this is where I say I don’t really believe in shrinks,” JC said.
Jacob Livengood looked up from his notepad. “Why don’t we skip that whole session and just get into what happened?”
“Do we have to?”
“Start with your dad.”
“I don’t have a father.”
“Everybody has a father and even though you have told me for years that yours is dead, I discovered you’re a big fat liar. I got the strangest call when you were gone. Apparently, a Mr. Carter was trying to get hold of his daughter. Imagine that. If I didn’t think you actually considered him dead, I would be hurt. So tell me about your father.”
He sat and smiled at her, the perfect blank expression of practiced objectivity stitched to his skin. How many times had she sat like that and waited for a patient to let go? 
“What did he want?” JC asked.
“Wouldn’t say. Why don’t you call him?”
“Did he leave a number?”
Jacob rummaged through his papers, tore it off the rest of the page, and handed it to JC.
“Why have you disowned him?”
JC sighed as she stared at the numbers on the paper. 
 “My father was a great dad,” she said sadly. ”Patient, loving, hardworking, all the good things. We had a big house on Summerview Ave, an expensive neighborhood. He was a good attorney. He played golf and bought us ice cream on hot summer days. He taught me how to ride a bicycle. Angelina stood on his left foot and I stood on his right and he waltzed us around the living room. We loved him until September 2nd, 1974. My parents divorced that day. Actually, my Dad divorced us. We shouldn’t worry, he said. We could come and visit.”
“How did your mother take it?”
“My mother went to bed. She was tired, she said. She slept for eight years before she killed herself.”
“Where was your father during all this?”
“He moved to New York, became partner in a big law firm, remarried, and started a new family.”
“Did he know about your mother’s depression?”
“He knew. He tried to find her help in the beginning, but I guess he got tired of it after a while. He didn’t love us anymore. He decided we weren’t good enough and he wanted a new family. A better one. That’s what I thought for years growing up without him or my mom.”
“You still believe that.”
“I don’t know. We don’t talk.”
“Did you have much contact with him growing up?”
“A couple of vacations. He had his new family and they kept him busy at the law firm so there was not much time left over for us. He visited once when my mother was going through a really rough spell. He paced the floor in front of her bed and gave her speeches about responsibility to her children. Told her she needed to pull herself together and that she imagined the whole illness thing. That there was nothing wrong with her and she was neglecting us. She did get out of bed for five days and cleaned the whole house from top to bottom, did the shopping. Then it was back to normal.” 
“When was the last time you spoke to him?”
“After my mother died. I called to tell him he didn’t have to send any more money.”
***
She picked up a gift on her way to Andrew’s birthday party. She was running late. A Porsche swerved into her lane, the driver on a cell phone raising his hand to apologize before swerving out in front of another car. 
Polite assholes. The city was filled with them. It was Saturday afternoon and the sun was blistering. A red jeep passed her on the left and she eyed it, looking for his blond head, but of course, it wasn’t him. How could it be? She couldn’t stop noticing how many people drove red jeeps. What did they need four-wheel drive for in the city? 
It took her an hour to pull up the road where Jessica lived. Normally, it was a fifteen-minute drive, but lately normal was starting to be abnormal. She parked on the steep hillside and walked the last block, the present clutched in her hands. She hoped Andrew would like it. Cars lined both sides of street. Jessica had lied to her. The door opened and Jessica pulled her inside, giving her a hug and kiss. 
“I almost gave up on you.”
“Sorry. Traffic.”
“Never mind come on in, everybody is here, and I’m going crazy with all the children. What a mess.”
Jessica had hired a company to throw Andrew a birthday party he wouldn’t forget. A magician walked around performing tricks, while a clown made animal shapes out of balloons. An inflatable bouncer in the shape of a castle dominated the lawn. Tables of food held peanut butter treats, sugar cookies, chocolate-covered pretzels and for the health-minded children, granola bars and fruit kabobs. A hot dog vendor cooked hot dogs on demand. Parents sipped glasses of water and stood around in groups talking about the last political scandal, the price of gas and why the illegal aliens wouldn’t go home.
“Why do you always go to such lengths?” JC asked.
“Oh, I know, but there is such pressure to do something bigger than the last kid’s birthday party. Every year they get more elaborate. Besides, I want him to have a party that the kids will never forget.”
Andrew saw his mom and made a beeline for her, barreling into her. He was six years old today.
“Look who’s here, Andrew,” she said, turning him to face JC. 
He eyed her for a second before his eyes were drawn to the colorful present in her arms.
“Is that for me?”
“Hello, Andrew,” she said and kneeled down to his level. “Happy birthday.”
“Is that for me?”
“Andrew, say hello,” Jessica said sweetly.
“Hi.”
JC handed over the present and watched him tear it open.
“Oh look, it’s an action figure,” Jessica cooed, as Andrew stared at the box.
“I already have this one,” he said and ran off to join his friends.
“Andrew,” Jessica called after him, but he was gone around the side of the house. She picked up the discarded box and put it with the rest of the unopened presents on the table. Sighing, she turned back to JC and took her arm. “Kids, these days just have too much. Every year I promise myself I’ll limit his toys, but it just never seems to happen.” 
In the kitchen, she helped Jessica prepare some more dip to go with the carrot sticks. She cut celery and watched the children through the kitchen window. It didn’t seem real. Any of it. More like a big elaborate dream, so that when a giant white bunny walked by the window it, didn’t seem out of place. The bunny walked in the kitchen door, took off his head, and hugged her as she stood by the kitchen counter. It was Luke, Jessica’s husband.
“Hiya, kiddo. Glad to see you made it.”
“Luke, get the kids together for the birthday cake,” Jessica said, placing the candles in the giant tiger-shaped ice cream cake.
“Hold off a minute. I need to put another tape in the camcorder.”
The doorbell rang.
“Oh good. That must be the man with the ponies.”
“Ponies?” JC asked.
“For the pony rides.”
Jessica left and Luke hopped up the stairs to find a tape. She stared back at the giant bunny head propped up on the counter. She felt like Alice lost down the rabbit hole. This was the fourth birthday party of Andrew’s that she had been to, and it had never seemed strange before. Had it always been like this, she wondered? It bothered her. All of it.
Picking up her handbag, she waited until Jessica left the front yard and slipped out past the ponies.
***
Carla’s house was the yellow cottage with white shutters surrounded by flowers. It didn’t matter what time of year it was. The garden always had flowers. When she wasn’t being a psychologist, she was being a gardener. JC parked the car in the driveway and let Max out. She had never had a pet. 
 Max was her first. She had come to rely on his company. He was the only one who never asked her what had happened or where she had been. Max didn’t care. He wanted food, as much as possible at all times. He wanted his stomach rubbed, as long as possible at all times. He wanted to run, as fast as possible at all times. That was Max and right now, he was the only one whose wishes she felt she could accommodate.
“You missed me, didn’t you, baby?”
 He whined, his great black front paws pushing her over in excitement, forcing her to sit on the ground. He collapsed in a bundle of limbs on her lap and she scratched his tummy as he sighed in contentment, his back paw jerking in pleasurable spasms. The ritual always had a soothing effect on her, calmed her nerves. It prevented her from searching every dark corner of the house because Max knew that was his job and he did it well. Getting up, he ambled along beside her, his usual energy controlled.
Carla sat on the covered porch that wrapped around the front of the house. She was making a necklace from beads and glanced up as they approached, smiling. 
“You brought the beast.”
It was an accusation. Max had dug up her spring bulbs.
“He’s harmless today. I took him for a run.”
“In this heat?”
Max strolled up the stairs and collapsed in the shade next to the flower pots filled with pink geraniums.
Carla stood and gave her a hug. 
Carla wore her usual overalls, T-shirt and no shoes. The tiny bells on her anklet chimed as she folded her leg under her. Her waist length black hair, dark skin and bone structure hinted at her native ancestry. Her habits confirmed it. She was part Cherokee, only she hadn’t figured out which part, but looking at her, most people would have said she was all Cherokee.
“So?” she asked.
“Nothing. I just wanted to visit.”
“How long did you stay at Jessica’s?”
“Ten minutes maybe. I couldn’t cope with the excess today.”
“Honey, Imelda Marcos would have a hard time coping with her excess.”
JC smiled. Jessica was a good friend who liked stuff, lots of it. She was perfectly happy living her life and what was wrong with that? She wasn’t hurting anyone. Her habits kept people employed. She and her kind were necessary for world economic stability. Jessica wasn’t the problem. She sighed, not knowing what was.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
“You breathe a deep Maxwellian sigh, and say nothing. What?”
“I spend my time thinking about garbage.”
“Most of what we think is garbage.”
“No, I mean stuff and how much there is of it here. I walked into a supermarket and stood in the bread aisle remembering children’s arms as thin as my thumb and it makes me angry. I haven’t been able to use the garbage disposal and I can’t throw things away. Thank God for Max or my house would be a dump.”
Max sat up at the mention of his name and blinked at her.
“That’s why you got him,” Carla said. “He’s a garbage disposal. No offense, Max.”
“I got Max because I missed the sound of a dog’s paws on a hard floor, because I feel safer with him around and because he doesn’t ask stupid questions.”
“Yes, well, that explains Max,” she sighed. “As for too much food, that is always going to be a problem here.”
“I could cope if it was just the food.”
“You going to stop eating?”
“It’s everything. I bring a child a birthday present and he already has two like it. I go to the library on campus and the books there have layers of dust on them because they haven’t been read in years. Cars get bigger every year, and most Americans too. I have never paid attention to any of this before, and now I’m obsessed with it. I can’t listen to people complain about the price of gas or the state the government is in. I go around wanting to smack people on the head with a baseball bat.”
“Well, it’s an original therapy method and even though I think you would probably have a high success rate, I don’t think you’ll get it past the ethics board.”
“I’ve turned into a bitter, angry person. The worst is, I don’t care.”
“You’ve turned into a ‘them.’”
“A what?”
 “You know. Them that ain’t American. It takes a true American to appreciate the dream. JC. Relax and give it some time. Soon your vision will be rose-tinted again. Does anything seem important to you?”
An image of the children at the orphanage went through her head, but she suppressed it, just as she kept Simon’s name from her lips. It was normal to miss him, she told herself. Normal to want to help children in need. Who wouldn’t want to? It didn’t mean it was all she cared about. But a voice inside her head asked her who she was kidding. 
“What are you thinking, JC?”
She couldn’t say it out loud. She was being a coward, and she knew it.
“You’re thinking about the orphanage.”
“No,” she lied. Well, it was only a half lie. It wasn’t all she was thinking about. “I’m thinking about my next patient who is a thirteen-year-old boy being held in juvenile detention. He was arrested with his friends for breaking and entering. He steals money from his parents, verbally abuses his teachers, and he tried to rape his eleven-year-old cousin. He comes from an upper-middle-class neighborhood. His father is a dentist, his mother, a nurse. He skips school to play video games and plan his next robbery. 
 “I have to spend an hour with him, asking him questions like, does he enjoy school, and what does he do with the money he steals? When the session is over, I review the clinical information on his mischievous behavior and turn it into a diagnosis that is neither right nor wrong as long as I have a good argument to back it up. And do you know why he does what he does? He’s bored. It’s that simple. Now, tell me what I’m doing is important.”
“You used to think it was.”	
“I don’t know how to get back to that. I don’t know how to make things that mattered before important again and I’m terrified I never will. I just want my old life back. I thought coming home would do that, but every day it becomes harder. It’s as if the person I used to be was completely taken apart and reassembled. 
 “I own a dog, for Christ’s sake. I don’t care if he leaves hair on my couch or mud on my carpets. I used to clean my house before the maid came, now I leave dishes in the sink for a week. My beautiful dream house has turned into a pretentious waste of space. My professionally landscaped garden has turned into a vegetable patch because I can’t stand the taste of plastic vegetables. My ambitious and intelligent friends are selfish, ignorant idiots willing to go to any lengths for a better zip code, a younger partner, and more garage space. I talk to myself all the time and the closest I’ve come to a good relationship is with a hundred pound fleabag that brings me regurgitated roots for presents. I think I’ve completely lost my mind.”
“Like they say kiddo, it’s mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it don’t matter.”
“Have you always subscribed to bumper sticker wisdom?”
“Always. You just never noticed. When is the next flight to Nairobi?”
JC hesitated. “It isn’t that easy.”
“Yes, it is and you know it. Honey, I’ll miss you, God knows I will, but I don’t think it’s a choice anymore. Do you?”
“Max has a fear of open spaces.”
“Max will get over it.”
“I’m scared.”
“Welcome to the human condition, darling.”
***
Jacob sat waiting for her to continue only she didn’t want to. His office was hot and she wished he would open the window. 
“How did that make you feel?” he asked instead.
“You know, I never realized what a stupid question that was.”
“I want you to answer it anyway.”
“There was only one way to feel. Like shit.”
“Why?”
“Because I fell for him and all along it was Angelina he was thinking about.”
“You were humiliated.”
“No. Yes. No, I felt betrayed. He should have told me.”
“It was the excuse you needed.”
“I didn’t need an excuse to leave.”
“No?”
“No.”
“Then it wasn’t a confirmation that he was untrustworthy, like your Dad. So leave him before he leaves you.”
“Simon had nothing to do with my decision to leave.”
“Why then?”
 “Because it’s all so damn uncontrollable. The whole place. The people, the animals, life. It’s crazy to think I could live there. I’m a control freak. I need a few givens that have to do with health, happiness, and life. The only given that Africa knows is that there is none.”
“That’s exactly why Africa would be great for you.”
“It’ll drive me insane.”
“You are insane.”
“You’re not supposed to tell your patients they’re insane, Jacob.”
“Therapy is about truth, not about sanity.”
“This is nuts.”
“Yes well, it’s why you’re here so relax. You can’t live your life with guarantees.”
“Just a bit of security would be nice. Like knowing next year when the government changes nobody is going to demand I leave the country or some soldiers will kick down my door and haul my ass off to jail.”
“There is no such thing as security, only the overwhelming need to have it.”
“What? Are you quoting bumper stickers now?”
JC sighed and walked to the couch, sitting down. 
“You want me to go back?”
“This is not about me.”
“Right.”
“When was the last time you saw Angelina?”
“I can’t really remember. I have visions of her being beaten with a club, but I don’t know if they are real or if I’m watching myself. Sometimes when I was shut in my cell, I thought I could hear her screaming, but after the torture started, my memories become fragmented. I’m missing pieces and the things I do remember I have tried so hard to forget. They don’t seem real any longer. Like it all happened to somebody else, until I sleep. Then I know it happened to me.”
“Tell me about your dreams.”
“I can’t talk about them yet.”
“Can’t or won’t?”
She closed her eyes, her arm thrown over them as if she could shield herself from her nightmares. 
“Please, Jacob. Maybe next time.”
“We’ve talked around the torture for too long, Josephine.” 
She waited a full minute before speaking. “They are vivid, like I’m back there again. I can smell my own blood,” she said, her voice a monotone. “Every night I hang from the ceiling again and I can feel my head fill with blood, I can feel it flowing out of me to the floor. I can see the bucket with bloody water, and I can’t breathe. I wake up screaming, my body aching and my heart trying to claw its way out of my chest. I can still smell them on my skin. I can still feel their hands on me, and the worst of it is knowing that they did it to her as well. I can bear it, until I remember that.”
“Do you still have flashbacks?”
“Yes. I think they raped me but I can’t be sure. I fought them, figured if they raped me, I might as well be dead because every single one of them probably had AIDS. They had to beat me to a bloody pulp. I don’t remember much of it, just the pain. I think I was unconscious by then. I was bleeding so much by then, it probably saved my life. So much blood going out that nothing had the chance to stay inside of me. The doctor in Nairobi said I got lucky. A mild case of malaria, broken bones that would heal and a few infections, but nothing life threatening.”
“Except the memories.”
“I’m not going to commit suicide.”
“Cutting yourself off from life is a form of suicide.”
“I haven’t been very social lately. It doesn’t mean I’ve cut myself off from life.”
“Then from feeling. You’ve cut yourself off from feeling anything. You don’t want to take the risk of making a life with Simon because you are afraid of being hurt. You don’t want to feel the bad, and so are content to give up the good as well.”
“Why do we always have to come back to Simon? He has nothing to do with this.”
“He threatens you because he reminds you of just how alive you still are, when you would rather be dead. That is why you left.”
“I left because I can never make a life for myself there.”
“You already had.”
She was a stranger to herself. She was a coward. Had she really been wrong to leave? 
An image of Simon sleeping flashed through her mind. How many times had she watched him like that? She had loved watching him. Running her eyes over the V-shaped tan on his chest, his face relaxed in sleep. 
It had seemed like such a rational decision, as if it had been the right thing to do. It had even been hard leaving. Making the right decision always meant pain and it had hurt terribly. So how could it have been the wrong decision? How could leaving a place that so terrified her be the wrong decision? It didn’t make sense.
“I know what you want me to do, but I can’t,” she said.
“You’re looking for something that isn’t here for you anymore. Your life, your ideals, your happiness, they’ve changed. You have knowledge of something else and it won’t allow you to shrug it off and return to a lesser shape.”
***
The white sign stood jabbed at an angle into her lawn. For a moment, she stood transfixed, staring at it. She was selling her dream home and all she was feeling was relieved. She couldn’t live up to the house’s expectations anymore, and selling it to someone who could was the right thing to do. It wasn’t her dream anymore. 
 She turned back to the walkway and paused to watch a snail glide slowly across her path, leaving a slimy trail behind. An image exploded into her mind of crawling across a cold concrete floor, leaving a trail of blood. She didn’t get far before hands reached out to pull her back. They tore the rest of her clothes off, spread her on the floor. She raised her hands to her temples and squeezed hard, as if she could stop the image. She stepped on the snail, crunching it under her shoe and ran for the front door, slamming it behind her.
THIRTY-FOUR
 The savannah was green, the grass new from the long rains. It waved to her from the edge of the tarmac. She paused on the last stair and inhaled the smell of the wet earth. She was overcome with fear, her heart knocking at an absurd pace. She couldn’t turn back, couldn’t run back up the stairs, and hide in the belly of the plane. 
She was here now. 
Follow the exit signs and thank you for flying British Airways.
Her feet were firmly planted on the ground. Clutching a red velvet hat box, she adjusted her shoulder bag, straightened her shoulders, and followed the crowd to the glass doors that opened into the busy airport.
She hadn’t told anybody she was coming, in case her nerves gave out. She watched the tourists collect their luggage, shouting advice about city muggings and insect repellent. A few locals watched the scene with boredom, waiting for those they had come to collect. Hotel representatives patrolled the airport lounge trying to bait customers. A man carrying a sign for the Norfolk hotel waved her over. He arranged for a porter then led her to a white minibus with the name of the hotel branded on its side. She waited in the back seat for the rest of the passengers, the velvet box on her lap. 
Her heart was beating too fast, pounding away under her rib cage as if the blood in her veins recognized where she was and knew it had to work harder to keep her alive. The heat didn’t help, but it was more than that. 
With the bus filled, the doors were closed and the driver lurched into the airport traffic, taking the road toward the sprawling metropolis. She watched the scenery pass, staring at the familiar view of tin shacks and cardboard boxes glued together with sweat and crowded for space. 
She drank in the landscape with its bright colors and moving people. She could feel the hum of life, like a pulse. Life here had volume, form. It was there, beyond the glass. She rolled down her window wanting to be part of it, wanting it to carry her along. A breath of hot air took the chill off the air-conditioned interior. The stink of fumes and human waste hit her.
“Please roll the window up. I can’t stand the smell these buses make. They should be taken off the road with all the pollution they produce.” 
JC turned to the woman sitting next to her. She stared at JC, a frown on her face and made a motion with her hand for her to roll up the window.
“Please. You’re letting all the hot air in.”
“Sorry,” she said and rolled up the window again. 
She sighed and sat back, content to simply watch the play outside her window.
“Have you come on safari?”
JC turned back to the woman. She was attractive, early fifties, with very short platinum hair. Her skin looked well lived in, the wrinkles set deep and with care among laugh lines.
“No. Just visiting.”
“How interesting. Hardly anyone comes here just to visit. If they don’t live here, they want to see the animals or they are on a mission. I came out here ten years ago to see the animals. Did the whole safari thing. What a joke, but, despite the experience, I love it here. I come back every year, but do yourself a favor, don’t be a tourist. Bunch of sheep that wouldn’t know the true Africa if it beat them on the head with a stick. I take photographs, and visit the last remaining tribes before they disappear. It’s a shame really, the poverty. These poor people have so little. Nobody should grow up like these children do.”
“Is that what you take pictures of, the poverty?”
“Yes. I sell the photographs back home. I’m quite good, actually.”
“You should try to be original.”
“Excuse me?”
“Everybody takes pictures of what’s wrong here.”
“Now you’ve completely lost me.”
JC turned away and looked out the window to where a group of children played with an old rubber tire, rolling it down the road with the flat of their hands. They wore threadbare clothes and huge white smiles, the look on their faces one of pure joy. They were having fun, being children as only children knew how. They had little, but seemed happier with that one old tire than any kid back home with a new toy. There was no boredom behind those smiles, no less joy for having so little.
“The challenge is to find what’s right,” she said. 
She sat on the terrace of the Norfolk hotel and gave her order to a Kenyan waiter in a waistcoat. He nodded his head and took the menu, leaving her to watch the rest of the guests. She would have to wait in Nairobi until Max was released from quarantine. She worried about him, remembering his anxious refusal to enter his kennel for the long flight. If only he knew. He would love the savannah. It was one big lawn.
Her gaze dropped to the scrap of paper in her hand, the name attached sending her stomach in knots. She was nervous, like a schoolgirl calling a boy for the first time, but she had reason to be.
It had been almost a year now. 
He had probably moved on with his life, might even have married. He wasn’t the kind of man to be on his own. She inhaled sharply at the thought. Her heart squeezed painfully. She had promised herself honesty, but it wasn’t easy. He wasn’t the only reason she was here, but he was a big part of it. God, please don’t let him have forgotten. 
She would accept it, whatever it was that was waiting for her here this time. She had learned the hard way, but the best lessons were usually the ones she taught herself. 
It hadn’t mattered how carefully she had lived her life. It was beyond her control and it wasn’t fatalism, it was realism in its clearest form. It scared her to think like that, scared her even more that she understood it in every fiber of her being.
She knew the madness of her fear, but the knowledge did not lessen it. She closed her eyes and breathed carefully, trying to control the terror that clenched her muscles. Fear cost time and lead to life left undone, and a life left undone was a lifetime ruined.
 Letting go. 
It was a new way of experiencing for her. It would take a while to acquire the habit and two weeks of free falling did not offset twenty years of obsessed control freak behavior. She would have to be patient with herself, another skill she lacked. A work in progress, Jacob had called it. She smiled at the thought of Carla, shouting advice as she stepped through the departure gate.
“Don’t forget, sanity is way overrated.”
 No wonder she was a mess.
She folded the piece of paper, put it back in her pocket, and looked out over the city as it hung suspended in the sunset. 
The orphanage had been her sister’s dream. Now it would be hers.
***
She had decided against flying across the country after Max had refused to get back into his kennel. He knew what it was about now. All his worst suspicions had been confirmed past his wildest dog imaginings, and there was no way in hell anybody was going to get him back in that small space. 
She had settled on taking a bus, but dogs were not allowed to travel first class. The alternative had been the buses she had seen in every part of the country, weighed down with mountains of luggage on the roof and a belly stuffed with people. 
 Max sat on the seat next to her, the hatbox stored safely under him. He had been overjoyed at being released from his confinement when she collected him at the airport. He was weak, his legs shaking and his joy at seeing her after a week left him even weaker. Probably relief at not being abandoned. 
The seats around them were the last to be occupied and then only because every other space in the bus was crammed. Nobody sat next to her.
She changed buses at Chemelil in the flat sugar lands, taking a bus up the winding road to where the climate grew cooler and the vegetation green. The lower slopes, planted with oranges, pineapples and maize, gave way to the upper slopes of tea and coffee. Then the bus stopped and her last suitcase was handed down from the roof and deposited on the dirt road, next to the pile that had accumulated. She tipped the helpers, and then waved at the passengers as the bus crunched into gear. She closed her eyes and covered her mouth waiting for the dust to settle before turning toward the driveway. 
“Well, Max, this is it,” she breathed.
He whined, picking up on the fact that she was afraid. He sniffed the air and poked through the nearby dusty grass, searching out the cause of her fear. 
She had missed the call of doves and the tangy smell of eucalyptus. 
She clipped the leash on Max, picked up the box and began to climb the long driveway through the tea fields. Maybe she should have taken the bus all the way to town. It had been her initial intent, but as the bus approached the familiar bends in the road, she asked the driver to stop, her voice choking on the words. She had to ask him a second time. Now, her feet carried her up the road. Her mind raced and her pulse shot blood through her body, making her light headed. The breeze carried the soft singing of the tea pickers on a distant slope and she paused in the shade of a tree to listen. She was shaking, her knees trembling as her eyes picked out the colorful figures moving along the hills above her. 
She had not allowed herself the dreams of this place. Had not allowed herself to recognize the happiness she had felt here. Overwhelmed with the sounds and smells, she marveled at the sense of homecoming she felt. She had missed it. The tea fields. The soft African voices. The smell of the wild jasmine growing along the road. The ivy-covered house, with its terrace overlooking the fields. 
She noticed a familiar figure winding his way toward her. He took his time, the stick in his hand slapping against his leg as he walked. As he approached, he noticed Max and stopped. Max growled. He dropped the stick and backed up.
“Madam, this dog is dangerous? He will bite?” he asked, seeing a need to keep both his eyes on Max.
“No, Joseph. He won’t, I promise.”
As she said his name, Joseph glanced up from Max to her face. He raised his hand to shield his eyes from the sun. She took off the straw hat and sunglasses, waiting for the smile. Her heart flooded with delight as Joseph’s face lit up.
 He moved forward to stand with her under the shade. “This world must be very big. It has taken you many months to find us again.”
“Hello, Joseph.”
“Dr. Carter, you are welcomed back.”
She smiled, moving forward to give him a hug and he let her, still standing as stiffly and uncomfortably in her embrace as ever. She let him go, wiping the tears running down her face. She laughed at his expression as Max sniffed up and down his legs.
“He only bites when I say so.”
“Then you and I must be very good friends.”
Remembering the box in her hand, she held it out to him. He took it, ready to carry it for her.
“This is not much luggage, Dr. Carter. You are not staying long?”
“It’s not my luggage, Joseph. That is, down there,” she said pointing back down the driveway.
“Yes, that is your luggage,” he agreed, satisfied by what he saw. 
“Open it,” she said, excited.
He looked at the red velvet box. 
 “It is a very fine box,” he said, running his fingers over it before lifting the lid. 
 She held the box for him as he reached inside. She watched him as he moved the plastic wrapping and paper aside then lifted out the Stetson cowboy hat.
“Dr. Carter, it is a fine hat,” he said and smiled, his fingers carefully touching the silk band. “A fine hat.”
 He turned it over and over then carefully placed it on his head, adjusted it then looked at her. 
 “It is very grateful, I am, for this fine American hat,” he smiled. “Thank you.”
 She nodded, closing the box. He took it from her then they turned together up the driveway.
“How are your wives, Joseph? Are they well?”
“They complain, like women do, but they are happy because I have married again. They have someone to help with the cooking.”
“Three wives, Joseph?”
“Dr. Carter, I need—”
“Yes, I remember, Joseph,” she said and taking his arm she smiled at him, relaxed in his company as he named his new children.
She stood on the cool terrace watching the jeep, driving toward the house, stop on the road. Simon got out and approached the man fixing a tractor. Taking his shirt off, he crawled underneath to inspect the problem. A part of her wished he would hurry up so she could get it over with, but the coward in her won out, hoping it was going to take a while.
 Elizabeth was inside fixing her lunch, fluttering around in an agitation that made her too nervous to watch, so she had come out here. The warmth with which Elizabeth had greeted her had driven all her doubts away, until now. Until she heard the jeep’s engine and turned to watch it zigzag up the hill. Until she recognized his wavy, blond curls and tanned face. Now, pure panic took over and she paced the terrace, her eyes on the tractor. 
***
 “Fuck it!” Simon groaned when the nut refused to budge and his hand slammed against the hot metal, burning him. 
The grass on his back was itching like hell and the flies, biting his face, increased their attack. He wiped the stinging sweat from his eyes. He tried again, approaching the problem from a different angle only to have the whole thing give way. Dirty oil spilled down his chest. He scrambled from under the tractor and let the worker take over. He wiped his hands on the grass and noticed the black dog on the lawn watching him. It wasn’t a dog, he knew. He turned and asked the worker about it, finding no help. Shrugging, he turned back to the jeep, climbed in and drove the rest of the way to the house, parking in the shade. 
Unloading the few things he had bought in town, he walked toward the terrace, taking the stairs two at a time. Reaching the door, a movement in the corner of the terrace caught his attention. He turned, stopping dead as his heart slammed into his chest and his whole world narrowed on her. She sat on one of the chairs, her long hair moving slightly in the breeze. He didn’t trust himself to be actually seeing her until she moved again, standing up to approach him.
“Hello, Simon,” she said, her voice smooth and very real as she glided toward him.
She was beautiful, just like he remembered. She even wore the same perfume. 
***
Why wasn’t he saying anything, she wondered? Had it been a mistake? She hadn’t expected him to take her in his arms and kiss her, but she hadn’t expected silence either. He stood unmoving, studying her. She should have gone to town, she thought, embarrassment replacing her nervousness, her smile slipping. This was not how she had imagined it would be. 
“You look tired,” she said, wanting desperately to touch him.
“I am.”
The silence stretched awkwardly between them until Elizabeth burst onto the terrace with a tray of food and drinks.
“Simon, darling, you’re back. Isn’t it a wonderful surprise Josephine has given us today?”
He glanced at his mother before excusing himself and going inside.
JC turned back to the chair, sitting down as her legs gave way. She looked out over the valley, her face set. Elizabeth set the tray on the table and sat down, taking JC’s hand in hers.
“Dear, don’t make too much of this. He just needs a moment.”
She forced herself to smile at Elizabeth.
“I’m fine.”
Elizabeth reached out to pat her cheek. “There you go. Let’s have a bite, and then you’ll feel better.”
She felt dead. She was shriveling up inside. At this very moment, it was clearer to her than it had ever been that he was vital to her existence. She prayed he had some small emotion left for her.
“Elizabeth, could you please drive me to town?”
Elizabeth opened her mouth to say something, and then sighed.
“Of course, love.”
***
With Max’s help, the path in front of her cleared of people and no one jumped forward to offer her goods for sale. No one approached her demanding money. No one even looked at her, all eyes on Max. He looked like a mean mix of dog and bear.
She was the only white person on the street. She was uncomfortable under the scrutiny, but she was confident in her own ability to negotiate her way around.
The churchyard was empty. She opened the iron gate slowly. Maybe the children were round the back having dinner. She closed the gate and made her way inside the church, the cathedral silence not reassuring her as it was meant to. The yard was silent, the hard ground swept perfectly clean. No evidence of even one small footprint.
“Excuse me. Can I be of help?”
She turned toward the voice behind her, staring at the white man with a sun burnt face.
“The orphanage children, where are they?”
“The orphanage had to be closed down.”
“Why?”
“Not enough funds or help.”
“And the children, where are they now?”
“Back where they came from, I suppose. I’m not really sure. I’m new here myself, you see. Just arrived last month.”
JC walked away, not listening to the rest of his words. She sat down on a giant root of the mango tree and stared at the empty yard. This couldn’t be happening.
“Are you quite all right?”
“Quite,” she breathed, not looking up at him. He moved off after a moment.
Max sat down next to her, panting in the stillness, his tongue hanging from his mouth. 
“What am I going to do, Max?”
He lay down on the cool ground and closed his eyes, his suggestion clear in the afternoon heat.
THIRTY-FIVE
The road to the old DeVeer place was overgrown with weeds and small trees, the bush taking back its place in the sun. JC looked at the directions the real estate agent had scribbled down for her and frowned. Most of the roads had no names and the directions included passing old miner’s huts, which they hadn’t done. 
“Are you sure this is it?” she asked the driver.
“Yes. Yes. I know these roads, you must never worry.”
“But we didn’t pass any miner’s huts.”
 “It is hard to see them in the summertime when the bush is too much decorated.”
The matatu driver stopped under the shade of a mimosa tree, refusing to take his car any further down the treacherous road. He promised to wait, so she grabbed her backpack and got out, Max bringing up the rear. Glad she had decided to wear long pants instead of shorts, she pulled her cap lower against the sun and moved through the thorn bushes to follow the parallel ruts through the tall grass. 
Fruit trees testified to the plantation that once existed here. She picked an orange, peeling it and eating as she walked. The house was a couple of miles down the road. She paused, taking in the first glance of what used to be a stone mansion, abandoned for ten years. A wide porch wrapped around the front and the gray stone was covered in dense ivy. The tall yellow grass grew right up to the porch. A giant tree stood shading what used to be the garden. She moved toward the rose bushes, bending to smell the pink rose and smiled at the welcome it gave her. She had a good feeling about this place. 
“What do you think, Max?” she asked, looking at the giant stone structure. “We could fit a lot of children into this old place.”
Max followed her up the porch steps, his nose sniffing out every corner. A padlock secured the front door. She pulled a key from her pocket but the lock was rusted. The key had no effect. She rattled it in frustration and looked around. She cupped her hands around her face and looked through the window on her left, but it had long ago lost its window quality to dust and spider webs.
She walked around the back, noticing the sheds that lay to the left of the house. A row of trees flanked the path to the stables. A dry pond lay in the summer heat, grass growing in it, the bottom cracked. She tried the back door, but it was locked, the wood solid. The windows she could reach were closed and she craned her neck to look at the second story balcony. A door on the balcony was open. 
She grabbed hold of the ivy and pulled hard. It might hold her. Max whined as she climbed slowly up and she ordered him to sit and stay. He turned circles, jumped against the wall and barked. Ignoring him, she swung onto the balcony and walked into the darkness beyond. Taking a flashlight from the pack, she swung the light around the room. It was a bedroom. The huge bed still had a mosquito net over it. The yellow sheets had been white a long time ago. A doll sat in a leather chair in the corner, staring at her. She turned it around, the hollow eyes disturbing her. Perfume bottles and old ivory hairbrushes lay neatly on the dresser, the mirror black with age. Heavy velvet curtains, molded and sagging, were drawn across the windows. She opened them carefully, flooding the room with light. 
Max barked at the movement by the windows. She moved across the floor to the hallway that led to the staircase. The tunnel of light from her flashlight revealed that all the rooms were furnished, the closets hung with clothes and the kitchen stocked with food that had molded and shriveled. A portrait of the man who had built the house hung above a huge fireplace in the living room. She knew he had died in the house, alone. She wondered who the ivory hairbrushes and perfume had belonged to. He looked like a nice guy, smiling down at her. She smiled back and waved at him. Shrugging, she turned to the window, pulled the curtains back, and opened it. She whistled for Max, who came tearing around the side of the house, bounded up the stairs of the porch and jumped inside only to slide across the wooden floor.
***
She sat in the shade of the mimosa tree, resting and crunching an apple. She stared at the house, satisfied at the morning’s work. Furniture lay sprawled across the newly mown lawn, making it look like the house had thrown up its contents on the grass. She hired some workers in town, and the men worked at taming the garden. The tall yellow grass was cut back. The small encroaching trees were pulled out. It was hard work. They would have to clear the road as well. Eventually, the plantation trees too. 
The women scrubbed and cleaned inside, the layers of dust removed. They sat apart from her, under their own tree, eating the food she had brought along with the tons of cleaning material. It bothered her that they choose not to sit with her, that they showed no interest in friendship. She sighed, deciding to let it go and looked back at the house, still shocked that it now belonged to her. It was going to be beautiful when it was done. A nice place to grow up.
She would get the pond fixed and fill it with goldfish. She would replant the garden with flowers and she would buy some horses. She had always wanted to learn to ride. The sheds had to be repaired, the old equipment replaced. The mountain of paperwork it would take to open the orphanage was completed. It would take a few more weeks to get it all processed, giving her time to work on the house. 
The sound of a car weaving its way through the tangled driveway reached her. Max waited for the car to approach and she stood up, running a hand over his head. He licked her hand briefly, before returning his concentration to the driveway, effectively saying not now. A blue Land Rover pulled up under the shade of the trees and Allison stepped out. She waved and JC walked over to greet her.
“I heard you were back in town and couldn’t believe it, so when I heard the rumor that someone had actually bought the old DeVeer place, I had to find out for myself.” She paused, leaned forward to give JC a kiss on both cheeks, and asked, “How are you?”
“Fine, thank you. I’m sorry I haven’t come by to say hello. I was afraid if I didn’t get started right away on this orphanage I would come to my senses and leave again. I’ve been very busy since,” she smiled, glad to see Allison again.
“Apology accepted, but only if you let me help. I think it’s a wonderful idea, despite what everyone is saying.”
“What’s everyone saying?”
“Never mind that,” she laughed. “Just the usual, can’t be done, is she crazy baloney. Nothing really original. Will you show me what I can do?” 
They turned toward the house.
 “I’ve always loved this place,” Allison continued. ”I’m so glad it’s going to be filled with people who can benefit from it. The old man would have approved.”
“Did you know him?”
“Everybody knows everyone around here. Such a lonely man, really. He married a woman in England and brought her back here with the intention of filling the place with children, but they never had any. Poor sod married a real piece of work, but apparently, he loved her. Never married again after she died, and he lived in this house all by himself for years.”
JC led the way inside. The entrance hall and living room floors were polished to a shine. The furniture lay outside in the sun, drying from a good scrubbing. The rugs lay rolled up, the curtains hung on a make shift line strung between two trees. 
“He looked like such a happy person,” JC said, pausing in front of the fireplace.
“He was Elizabeth’s favorite dinner guest. Always happy, never said a bad word about anybody. I suspected for years that he and Elizabeth had an affair but she has never admitted it. She misses him, I think.”
They stared up at the portrait hanging above the fireplace. 
“Are you going to leave him there?”
“I like having him around.”
Allison nodded in understanding. 
“Did you mean it about helping?”
“Of course.”
“Great. I could use all the help I can get,” JC said and picked up the rubber gloves she had discarded earlier. She handed Allison a broom. “The kitchen hasn’t been touched yet. Would you mind? I still hate rats.”
Allison laughed and headed toward the back of the house. She watched her go, a part of her happy to have her here, another part dreading what she wanted so badly to ask. She had almost blurted it out a couple of times, had bitten down hard on her tongue to stop the rude words from escaping her mouth. Allison had come to help. She was probably curious too, but who wouldn’t be? She already had a few people drop by out of curiosity, just not the person she really hoped would drop in for a visit. She had to be patient. 
She sighed, got down on her hands and knees to scrub the floor, plunging her brush into the bucket of soapy water at her side. She made wet circles in the brown layer of dirt and her mind drifted, the physical work a welcome relief to her agitated mind. 
***
She tore the last rusting, corrugated, tin sheet from the roof and let it fall to the ground. The wood frame was in surprisingly good shape. She balanced carefully across the beam, her arms out from her side. She reached the ladder and stepped onto the first rung before lifting her eyes to the view. She could see over the trees and across to the green slopes of the opposite hill. She admired the neatly planted orange trees of her neighbor’s farm. She hadn’t met them yet and thought briefly about driving over, but then dismissed the thought. She still had a lot to do. 
She wanted to finish replacing the roof on what was to become the schoolhouse before the inspection. The bureaucracy of getting the needed stamps on the needed papers was staggering. The last few days she had spent chasing down officials who still had her papers under piles of others that needed attention. Weeks of processing were now periods of no progress. The needed payments to speed things along had not had much effect either, and she had resorted to asking the Red Cross in Kericho for assistance. They had promised to come by tomorrow. She would make a special lunch; she was going to need their help.
She jumped down the last two steps to the ground and spun around only to stop dead in her tracks. Simon stood under the mimosa tree, leaning against the trunk, watching her. Play it cool, she warned herself. Be polite.
He moved forward to meet her and she noticed the bag in his hand. The plastic was filled with water in which goldfish swam small circles. 
“Heard you needed some goldfish,” he smiled.
Her heart leaped at his smile, but she kept her expression neutral. She took the bag from him, bringing it up to her face to examine the small fish.
“They are perfect. Thank you,” she smiled, trying to remember when she had last checked to see what she looked like. 
He turned to look at the house and she used the few seconds to run a hand over her hair, wincing at the knots she felt in her ponytail. Screw it, nothing she could do about it now.
“You’ve been busy,” he said, turning back to her. 
“That’s me. Busy, busy.”
God what a stupid thing to say. She had practiced this meeting a hundred times in her head, and all she could say was busy, busy. She cleared her throat, her eyes slipping from his to the ground. 
“Can I offer you something to drink?”
“What do you have?”
“I make a mean margarita.”
“A scotch will be fine,” he smiled.
Right. A scotch, how could she forget? She moved toward the house and plopped the fish on a chair on the porch. He waited outside while she mixed his scotch. She grabbed a soda for herself and flicked a quick glance over the living room. The furniture was back, a little rearranged but for the most part she had left it the way it way it had been. She had to replace the couch but the new one hadn’t arrived yet, leaving a gap in front of the fireplace. She walked to the French door that opened onto the porch. Max had joined Simon and lay contentedly under his hand, having his head massaged. She had never been jealous of a dog before and smiled at the thought. 
“Thank you,” he said, his fingers sliding over hers to take the drink.
She nodded, trying not to think about how good it was to have him here, trying harder not to come to any conclusions.
She picked up the goldfish and he followed her around to the fishpond. It was one of the first things she had repaired. The water lilies had adapted nicely. She knelt down, opened the bag, and released the fish.
“They don’t sell goldfish in the market here,” she said, watching them swim away. “Where did you find them?”
“Nairobi,” he said and shrugged. “I had to pick up some things yesterday.”
Don’t read too much into a bag of fish, she warned herself. They moved back to the porch and he sat down in a low leather chair. She preferred to stand, looking out over the garden at the newly planted flower beds, the freshly turned earth a dark brown against the new green of the small plants. She had spent a week on the garden, planting the flowers herself. Elizabeth had brought most of them over from her garden. Elizabeth and Allison had become regulars and she had come to rely on their company. Today they had both stayed away. 
“What made you change your mind, Josephine?”
“A whole lot of things,” she said. “The memories, the ghosts of the children, Angelina’s dream, and you. Most of all you,” she said, and held her breath, waiting for the world to fall apart. She had her back to him and didn’t dare turn around. “There was nothing left for me in LA. Nothing made sense,” she paused, “except coming back here.”
She turned around then and looked at him. He watched her, his gaze steady. He nodded slowly.
Her heart flip-flopped.
“You aren’t otherwise engaged, are you?” she asked hesitantly, her voice rising at the end.
“I can’t believe you’ve had my mother and Allison out here for days and haven’t learned that.”
He smiled, his eyes dancing with laughter. She almost jumped in his lap, but leaned instead against the porch pillar, anchoring herself against stupidity. 
“Well?” she whined.
“No.”
Oh what a happy word! Her world was coming nicely back in line. She smiled and held on tighter to the stone pillar.
“Would you come to dinner tomorrow night?” she asked. “I’ll make your favorite rat stew. I have an oversupply of the ingredients at the moment.”
He laughed, got up from the chair, put his glass on the low stone wall of the porch.
“No rat stew,” he said. “What time?”
“Eight?”
“I’ll be here,” he smiled, and turned away, walking down the steps toward his jeep.
She watched him leave and did a cartwheel on her new grass. 
***
 She had set the table on the porch where it would be cooler. Walking back to the kitchen, she turned up the volume on the CD as Nina Simone sang about needing more sugar in her bowl. Getting the hang of the old stove proved fatal to the dinner. The lamb chops lay slightly toasted, the sauce dehydrated and the rice was stuck to the bottom of the pot. It was the wrong place to order takeout so she decided panic was the better reaction. 
 She called Elizabeth to delay Simon then raced to Allison’s place in her old Toyota to pick up the emergency food Allison threw together. On the way back, she took a rut too fast, spilling some sauce on her dress. She threw the food on the table and ran for the stairs as Simon’s jeep pulled up. She pulled on the first thing she found, a long kimono dress, and raced for the front door as Simon knocked for the third time.
 Approaching the door, she slowed down the last few feet and opened the door.
“Hi,” she breathed, gasping for air and sounding like Marilyn Monroe. “Come in.”
Simon watched her from the threshold.
“What?” she asked, looking down at her dress to make sure she was wearing it.
“You look beautiful,” he said.
“Oh that,” she sighed in relief.” I mean, thank you.”
He laughed and she relaxed, smiling at him. “I’m a little nervous,” she admitted.
He moved forward and wrapped his hand around the back of her head. He brought his mouth down on hers and gave her a deep long kiss. He drew away and moved past her into the house.
“Nothing to be nervous about,” he said, his voice smooth.
She stood stunned, staring out the front door at Max, who sat on the porch panting. Was she panting like that? She snapped her mouth closed.
“Josephine?”
She turned toward his voice, “Yes?”
“I asked what you wanted to drink.”
“White wine, please.”
He turned back to the bar and fixed the drinks while she moved toward the table and arranged the food.
“I’m sorry I’m late,” he said from behind her. “My mother had a sudden attack of asthma.
“Your mother has asthma?”
“No.”
“Oh.” 
She turned back to fussing with the plates.
“It smells good. What did you make?” 
He finished his second helping of roast chicken and complimented her. It was almost as good as Allison’s he said. She didn’t take the bait. After dinner, she showed him the rooms she had converted into dormitories for the children, the little beds standing in two straight rows down either side of the wall. The classrooms were furnished with desks. Books and paper would be a problem. He gave her the name of somebody who could help. She had painted the school in bright blue with red trim and a yellow roof. The playground was shaded by trees hung with swings improvised from old tires. She had converted one of the sheds into a kitchen for cooking the large meals they would need. The porch would serve as the dining room.
She talked about the staff she had hired and about the stables she converted into living quarters for them.
“When are the children arriving?” he asked, casually taking her hand in his as they walked back to the house in the last light.
She breathed carefully and concentrated on the question. 
“In four days,” she answered, excited and terrified at the thought. “I’ve worked so hard for this and now that they are almost here, I’m scared to death. A part of me wonders if I can really help these kids.”
“You will,” he said. “Maybe not all of them, but at least most of them.”
She smiled at him and he leaned down, giving her a kiss before straightening and pulling her toward the house. 
As they approached, they noticed two small figures sitting on the porch steps, a bundle wrapped in a blanket at their feet. The little girl had an arm wrapped around a smaller boy, her eyes on the leftover food on the table and Max sleeping on the porch. 
JC looked at Simon who paused, putting his hands deep in his pockets and letting her go ahead. The girl looked toward her as she moved closer and stood up quickly, looking like she was thinking about bolting, and then changing her mind. She was about nine, the boy maybe seven. They watched her with big eyes, their fear evident as the boy moved behind his sister, his face hidden. 
Screwing up her courage the girl opened her mouth. “A sign on the road say this is a orphanage,” she whispered. “And we be orphans.”
JC smiled and held her broken hand out toward her. The girl hesitated then reached out and held on tightly, smiling shyly back. The little boy burst into tears.
***
She hadn’t been able to convince them they could each have their own bed. Before switching off the bedroom light, she stood in the doorway watching the tiny figures huddled together in the bed. She closed the door quietly and tiptoed down the stairs. Tchaikovsky was playing on the CD. The fire cast light into the living room. It had taken a while to feed and bathe the children. They had done everything she asked without complaint, without crying, watching her in their silent mistrust. She switched off the kitchen light, noticing the washed dinner plates. 
He sat in the dark of the porch, sprawled in the leather chair, a wine glass on the floor next to his bare foot. She picked up a blanket from where it lay on the back of a chair and moved out into the darkness of the porch, pausing to watch him. 
“It’s too late now,” he whispered.
“What?”
She thought he had been asleep. He held a hand out to her and she took it, letting him pull her onto his lap. He covered them with the blanket and she drew her legs up, settling against his warmth.
“Too late to change your mind,” he said quietly. 
“I think it was too late to leave a long time ago. It just took me a while to realize it.”
He ran the back of his hand down the side of her face, his fingers brushing her lips. He bent his head and pulled her closer, kissing her.
They sat on the porch listening to the far off cry of a jackal. The wind died in the trees and a half moon dusted the garden with light.
***
JC stood on the ridge with the wildflowers in her hand, a breeze blowing through the tall eucalyptus trees. Bending down, she traced her fingers over the name, the gray stone cold to her touch. She placed the flowers under the words. She buried Angelina’s spirit on the ridge looking over the dry sea of golden grass. It was her spirit that had lingered on long after her body was gone. The spirit clung, not because the dead refused to accept her fate, but because the living did. She should have done it a long time ago, but she hadn’t been ready then. She would never have the comfort of knowing her body lay here, but it didn’t matter. At least she could come up here to read her sister’s name on the stone and remember.
She looked up as a gust of wind tore through the trees. The summer sky turned dark and the clouds rolled across the valley. She stood and moved down the hill, between the tall trees, down the path back to the house. She knew she could not outrun the rain. She didn’t even try.
###
