



by
J.L. Campbell



Published by




AN ISLAND ADVENTURE ROMANCE


Copyright © J.L. Campbell
Published by The Writers’ Suite
Cover Design: J.L. Campbell
Interior Design: J.L. Campbell
Smashwords Edition, 2013

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without written consent from the publisher, except for brief quotations used in reviews or articles.

This is a work of fiction. References to events, characters, organizations and places are fictional and the product of the author’s imagination. Any similarity to actual events and people living or dead is coincidental.

License Notes: This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like the share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy. If you are reading this book and did not purchase same, or it was not purchased for your sole use, please consider buying your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work





The man across the table had a soothing voice that washed over Anya in a hypnotic rhythm. It had the same effect as the pastel-themed mural that covered one wall of the boardroom. Absorbing and fascinating.
What would it be like to have his breath warming her skin while he whispered in her ear? He definitely wasn’t Jamaican. His accent held a trace of something exotic, but she couldn’t place his country of origin. What was it he’d said when he took her hand?
Christophe...Christophe Mondesir.
But that didn’t tell her anything. He could be from one of several islands in the region. French Guiana, Haiti, Martinique, St. Maarten, Suriname...
A hand landed on her wrist, putting Anya’s mind back where it belonged. Squarely on business. Karen angled her body toward Anya and smiled. “That’s within Anya’s area of expertise, she’d be better able to answer that.”
Anya shuffled the papers in the file and hoped it wasn’t obvious that she hadn’t been paying attention. Heat flooded her neck and flushed her cheeks, but with her deep cocoa skin, nobody would notice.
She looked sideways at Karen under her lashes. Still smiling at Christophe and the other man across the table, Karen barely moved her lips but spoke so Anya could hear what she said. “Insurance for security team.”
Sucking in a deep breath, Anya rifled through the papers as if searching for something specific. She placed a sheet on top and glanced at it for a second, to give the impression that the information was connected to what she was about to say. “There are several companies that will be happy to provide health and life insurance benefits for your guards.”
Comfortable now that she’d hit her stride, Anya outlined what the brokerage had to offer.
When she finished, the managing director of Fidelity Security Services met her eyes and gave a slight nod. He was sixtyish with salt and pepper hair and a matching moustache.  She let her gaze slide to Christophe, who was watching her.
Chief Financial Officer.
That was his title. Funny how information about him kept coming in dribs and drabs since they’d been introduced. What was it about him that short-circuited her brain?
His lips curved, and she blinked. Once. Twice.
The smile transformed his face. A pair of dimples appeared, which pulled an answering smile from her. Christophe’s mouth moved again, and she caught the tail end of his sentence. “...be able to make a decision based on your presentation.”
The older man got up, indicating that the meeting was finished. “We’ll be in touch,” he said.
He picked up the copy of the proposal Anya had given him and left the board room. Christophe gathered his papers and stood.
Anya and Karen did the same, lifting their handbags and portfolios. They both walked to the door, where Christophe held it open.
Karen went ahead of Anya, who met Christophe’s eyes briefly. She wasn’t sure, but thought he might be as fascinated with her as she was with him. When she stepped past him, she caught a whiff of something herbal that pleased her senses. She liked a man who didn’t saturate himself with too much scent.
“I’ll walk you to the outer door,” he said.
She squeezed the folder to her chest and nodded. “Thanks.”
The deep-blue carpet extended around several corners, and the group soon emerged at the glass door that secured the executive offices. Christophe slid a card through a metal sleeve attached to the door and let them out.
“Thanks again,” Karen said, walking away.
“I’ll talk to you later in the week,” Christophe said, holding out his hand.
Anya slipped hers into his, meeting his eyes. She opened her mouth to respond, and forgot what she wanted to say. Taking a step back, she slid one palm down the skirt of her suit, got her brain in gear and said, “Sure.”
She continued toward the floor exit, aware of the time lapse between walking away from him and the hiss from the door’s hydraulic arm as it closed.
Karen waited by the elevator around the corner, a sly smile in place. Her eyes shone under her bangs and she grinned.
“What?” Anya said, hiking her shoulders.
“I think Monsieur Mondesir has zee hots for you,” she said in an exaggerated French accent.
“Right,” Anya said, tipping her head back to watch the changing numbers above the elevator door.
“Don’t think I can’t see that you have a thing for him too.”
Anya got on the elevator, hoping Karen would let the topic go, but that turned out to be a vain hope.
“You need to start living again. When was the last time you went out with anybody?”
“Well, let’s see,” Anya said, striding across the lobby toward the front door. “There was last weekend when I partied with the group from the office.”
“That doesn’t count,” Karen said, while trotting to stay in step with Anya as she crossed the parking lot.
“It does in my book,” Anya said. “There was Gregory, Patrick—”
“Don’t be dense,” Karen said, dropping into the passenger seat of the Toyota Corolla. “You’re one of the most gorgeous women I know. Tall and sexy, with that Amazon-appeal thing you have going on. I’d love to be a man-magnet like you, and here you are, letting that mmm-mmm goodness go to waste.”
She let out a shriek of laughter, which almost ruptured Anya’s eardrums. “It’s a good thing our body parts don’t shrivel up and fall off from lack of use. Otherwise, some of us would be missing a few vital bits.”
Despite wanting to keep a straight face, Anya laughed. “I’m gonna miss you when you leave, but Lord you can be such a nag.”
Karen buckled the seat belt and then patted Anya’s shoulder. “That’s true, but I’m getting on your nerves for a good cause.”
“Whatever,” Anya said, turning the key in the ignition.
The ride, which should have taken ten minutes, stretched to twenty because of the lunch time traffic. For an island of just over four thousand square miles, Jamaica had way too many vehicles.
Anya released her breath in a long hiss when she pulled into her parking spot at the brokerage.  The air conditioning in her car was on the blink. Just her luck, with the sun on the way to being blindingly hot. The only respite came from the seasonal breeze wafting through the window.
A dash up the cement walkway and through the plate glass door put Anya inside the cool foyer.
“Talk to you later,” she said to Karen, who waved in reply and headed to her department.
Anya entered her tiny office and sat behind the desk, kicking off her high heels. She picked up the messages her assistant had left. As head of department in the client services division, she could depend on having an endless stream of customers who wanted to discuss one issue or the other.
Today was no different. She sighed, knowing she’d have to return some of the calls before she ate. She’d probably have to grab a sandwich at her desk, having neglected to do the smart thing and buy lunch while she’d been out of office.
Her new assistant rapped once on the open door. Monica had been with the company for six months and had worked in reception and then customer service, before joining the claims department. Sighing at the thought of the lunch she wouldn’t get to eat, Anya waved Monica into the room. “What’s up?”
“I have several messages from Mr. Binns,” she said, shifting from foot-to-foot.
Frowning, Anya asked, “Is there something else?”
“Yes.” Monica came closer and held out a file, standing farther than Anya could reach. “It has to do with his vehicles. I mean his policy.”
Anya hid a smile but didn’t point out that was the only reason Mr. Binns had for calling. Monica was afraid of her, possibly because of how firm she sometimes had to be with the brokerage’s clients.
Last week, Anya was sure Monica’s eyes were going to fall out of her head while she listened to Anya telling one client that she wasn’t prepared to do prison time over any back door deals. Monica had turned unblinking eyes on Anya, who told herself that her assistant would learn that she didn’t bite, although she had plenty of bark.
Anya knew how far she could go since her boss, Mr. Gonsalves, had confidence in her and gave her a free hand. He’d been in the business long enough to understand that some customers took extreme routes to save a dollar. He also knew Anya was dedicated to her job.
She reached for the file, which forced Monica to take another step toward the desk. “Sorry,” she mumbled.
“Did he leave a specific message?” Anya asked.
“OMD,” Monica said, putting a hand to her mouth.
Anya opened the file and tipped her head to one side. “What?”
“Sorry,” Monica said. “I meant it’s on my desk.”
Anya refused to comment, but watched Monica back out of the office and scuttle past the open window blinds. Her short stature, sharp features and quick movements reminded Anya of a mouse.
Monica returned a moment later with a message slip, which she shoved into Anya’s hand.
A scan of the detailed note perplexed Anya. She pulled the file closer and examined the sheet on top. After she flipped the page, Monica shifted. Brows creased, Anya studied the file and then looked at the message again.
“Can you get Romaine over at Royal Insurance on the phone, please?”
“Sure,” Monica said before darting away.
Usually, Anya made her own calls, but needed a minute to absorb what she was seeing. It was something she hadn’t noticed before today, but should have. She’d also used the request to get Monica out of the room. She had the feeling Monica would have stood there all day if she hadn’t given her something to do.
Monica put the call through to Anya within a moment. Ten minutes later, Anya wrapped up the conversation and completed her notes. After that, she called Mr. Binns.
When she ended the call, she sat with her eyes closed, rubbing her forehead. In the eight years she’d been in the insurance business, she’d seen many things. Even now, clients still managed to surprise her.
Before she forgot, Anya picked up the handset and dialed the extension for one of the agents.
“Hi, Racquel. Mr. Binns tells me you’re dealing with his latest claim. How come?”
“Misha is his assigned rep, but she was handling some other stuff, including that new account for the shipping company. She asked me to help her with it.”
“The paperwork seems to be in order, so I expect we’ll hear from Royal Insurance shortly.”
“I did everything the way she told me to and I’ve helped her with that account before, so...”
Anya’s phone buzzed inside her bag and she leaned sideways to pick it up off the credenza.
“That’s fine. I have a call coming in.”
By the time she got the cellular out, it stopped ringing. A glance at the display soured her mood. Her ex had called. She wondered what he wanted. Since he never knew when to give up, she could expect to hear from him again. Before the thought was complete, the phone rang. She answered, keeping her tone neutral. “Yes, Andrew, what d’you want?”
“My car insurance is due for renewal. Can you handle it for me?”
She sighed. “It’s better if you deal directly with an insurance company. As you well know, I can’t do you any favors since your company no longer uses this brokerage for its fleet.”
“But, can’t you do anything…” He let his voice drop to a whisper. “For old time’s sake.”
He’d used that pitch often enough to fool her into doing silly things in the past. Like taking him back each time he’d strayed. Thank God she’d grown immune to his wiles. She rolled her eyes. “Andrew, get a grip. You’re the last person I’d do any favors.”
“I’d think the man in your life for so many years would be entitled to a few perks.”
She could have made a comment about his reference to the word man and himself in the same sentence, but didn’t. Why prolong what would be an argument she couldn’t win.
“You no longer hold that space, so I don’t know why you’re presumptuous enough to think I’d do anything for you.”
“We both know how you feel about me, although you prefer to deny—”
“Stop right there,” Anya said, giving in to her temper.  “You must have knocked your head somewhere and had a case of amnesia. That’s the only reason you’d think I’m still interested in you.”
“You might not be honest enough to admit your feelings, but I know better...”
While he droned on, Anya wondered what she’d ever seen in him. He was selfish and immature from the get go. Her thoughts turned to the man she’d met earlier in the day. Hard to tell what kind of man he was from one meeting, but he seemed considerate.
In her mind’s eye, she pictured his hands. His fingers were long and the nails short and clean. What would his hands feel like trailing over her skin?
He was good-looking, had a lot of height on him—just the way she liked her men. Although lanky, he was sturdy enough for her taste.
She chuckled over her daydream. It had been ages since she’d let herself fixate on a man. That thought wiped away her smile. She didn’t have the time or inclination to get involved with anyone. Not after Andrew.
“ ... laughing about?”
“Huh?” She tuned in to Andrew, who was still talking.
“You’ve always been ungrateful,” he said. “You should be thankful I’m even speaking to you after what you did.”
Knowing what was coming next, Anya cut his rant. “You’re like a blasted boil on my backside. You’re such a pain and always choose to turn up at the most inconvenient times. I don’t need this aggravation. I can’t help you.”
After she slammed the phone down, Anya hoped nobody in the offices around had heard her ranting. Andrew always affected her that way and yet, he wouldn’t stop calling.
Two years had passed since their disastrous relationship ended and he still hadn’t let go. So many angry words exchanged and unforgivable acts of violence committed, and he refused to stay gone.
With one hand, she lifted the hair away from the back of her neck and massaged her scalp.
She was at her wit’s end as to what to do about him. It had become a full-time job to field his calls and keep him at a distance.
She was beginning to think that only an intervention from God would make him stay away for good.




Anya’s attention kept straying to the scene below the balcony. At night, the lights in and around Kingston were breathtaking, but nowhere as fascinating as the man sitting across the table.
Over the past two weeks, she had seen Christophe several times to finalize the details of the insurance for his staff. The meetings took place at his office and each time, Christophe had walked her out of the building. On one occasion when they met after five o’ clock because of her schedule, he’d seen her to her car.
She hadn’t thought anything of it, even though a security guard was assigned to the parking lot. After all, it was late-November and night fell much earlier and as he’d said, his Mama trained him well.
By the time they settled the details of the policy coverage, Christophe had worn down her resistance. When he asked her out to celebrate closing the deal, she agreed to have dinner with him. Although she made it a point not to mix business with pleasure, Christophe was the exception. Somehow, he’d gotten past her defences. Truth be told, his attentiveness made her say yes.
His eyes told her that he was really into her. Not in the way of a man looking for a quick romp, but with the interest of someone who appreciated her femininity. He wasn’t like the men on the street who ogled her bust and butt. If he’d done it, she hadn’t caught him. In his eyes, she saw admiration for the total package she presented.
She couldn’t say why she accepted his invitation after swearing off men. Perhaps she was bored or felt like defying her own rules. Plus, Andrew continued to be a nuisance.  Her last run-in with him was during the middle of the week and he’d been arrogant enough to tell her that no matter how hard she tried to deny it, they shared a connection that wouldn’t ever be broken.
That link he kept harping on was still too painful for Anya to think about and she refused to dwell on the negative. She’d done too much of that since their breakup.
Christophe had asked her out at the right time. Only a slight lifting of the eyebrows had told her that he was just as surprised when she said yes.
He touched her hand, disturbing her thoughts.
“You’re miles away,” he said. “Everything okay?”
She had no reason to neglect him. Christophe was good company, so she made an effort to stay focused.
His hand still rested on hers, and trying not to be obvious, Anya pulled hers away and picked up the glass of Port.
In the dim light from the nearby lamppost, Christophe’s eyes gleamed and he smiled. If Anya didn’t know better, she’d believe he’d seen through that move. It wasn’t that she didn’t want him to touch her, but it was best to keep him at a distance. A glance around the verandah reminded her that she was safely surrounded by other diners.
The waiter came to her elbow, which forced her to sit back to allow him to remove the plate and cutlery. She was grateful for the reprieve as Christophe’s eyes continued to question her.
She followed the waiter’s movements as he removed all evidence of the main course. Seconds later, she was looking at the dessert menu. Christophe passed, but Anya decided to have a slice of rum and raisin cheese cake.
She treated her taste buds to a generous helping, while Christophe stirred the tumbler of Appleton VX by moving it around on the tabletop.
“Anya,” he said, “why did you agree to have dinner with me?”
Although startled by the question, she took her time laying the fork on the plate. Then she had a sip of water. “What d’you mean?” she asked, putting down the glass.
“Exactly what I said. I’m not, as they say, feeling you.”
That forced a laugh from her. It wasn’t what she expected from him.
He grinned in reply. “What? I might be conservative, but I live in the real world.”
She chewed another bit of cake while considering what to say.
He waited, one hand moving the glass in slow circles.
Although she wasn’t one to discuss her emotions, she did want them both to be on the same wavelength. She surprised herself when she spoke. “Apart from the fact that I like you, you’re very different from the man I used to see.”
“Should I take that second part as a compliment?”
Laughing, she said, “Definitely.”
“In that case, I’m going to press my advantage. When are we going out again?”
“What about next Friday night?” she said, wondering what on earth was going on with her. Where was the cautious woman who’d been dead set against getting involved with anybody?
“I’ll plan something special,” he said, displaying his dimples again. His black dress shirt and the dim light played up his ultra-white smile. 
Head tilted to one side, Anya studied him. His hair needed trimming, and lay flat against his scalp where the breeze touched it. She’d bet it was soft to the touch. His features were fine, except for his full lips, which were shades darker than his cinnamon complexion and made her want to…
“...you said yes a second time,” Christophe said.
“Huh?” She’d been caught off guard again. What was it about this man that made her lose bits of time?
A half smile claimed her lips. What she was experiencing had little to do with Christophe. She’d been having these episodes for at least two years. All he’d done was help to move her thoughts in a more fascinating direction.
“I said I’ll make sure our date is special so you won’t regret going out with me again.”
Goosebumps took over her skin and she went still. She didn’t want him getting stuck on her. “I hope you don’t plan to go out of your way for me.”
“Let me worry about that, okay?”
With that said, he changed the subject. In the pause that fell after their discussion about the chances of Jamaica’s football team making it to the next World Cup, Anya asked, “Where are you from originally?”
“Are you saying I haven’t perfected my Jamaican accent?”
“Almost, but not quite. Certain things you say sound different, plus there’s the way you phrase your sentences.”
“D’you mean to say I sound weird?”
She chuckled and then took a sip of water. “I rest my case.”
He looked at her as if waiting for something. She wasn’t sure what that could be, but pressed ahead to satisfy her curiosity. “What languages do you speak?”
“I learned French in school, but the woman who took care of our home taught me Kreyol. It’s what most Haitians speak.”
He continued when she frowned. “My parents are professionals, so most of the time, we were with the housekeeper.”
“We?”
“My brother, sister and me.”
“When did you come here?”
“I was ten.” His tone and closed expression implied that he wouldn’t say more.
She took the hint, wondering if she’d get the chance to ask him any more questions to do with his childhood. Not that she had any idea why she wanted to know.
“Am I permitted to ask questions?” he said.
Suddenly uncomfortable, Anya played with the pendant on her choker. “What d’you want to know?’
“Your family. Tell me about them.”
She let her shoulders relax. “My father’s dead and my sister lives at home with my mother. We have no other close relatives.”
“What d’you do for fun?”
That took her by surprise and it was a while before she said anything. It would sound strange to tell him that all she did was read and eat ice cream. 
Karen’s advice to start living again had some merit now that Christophe had asked that question. It forced her to think. Her best friend, Camille, had been telling her the same thing for ages.
Anya had gone from being a party girl to a full-time hermit. She met Christophe’s gaze, conscious that she hadn’t answered the question.
“I work long hours.”
He smiled, distracting her. “I asked what you do for fun. Working hard isn’t an excuse not to enjoy yourself.”
“I spend time with my best friend, who lives in Mandeville.”
“Isn’t that fifty miles away?”
She nodded. “We talk on the phone each week.”
Speaking of which, she had to give Camille the 411 on this date. She’d be glad to hear Anya hadn’t started the weekend trying to take the color of the walls at home, as she liked to say.
 “Oh.” Christophe sipped from the tumbler, staring at her over the rim.
“What does that mean?”
“Nothing.” He spread both hands wide. “It just seems that having fun is not part of your agenda. We’ll have to change that.”
Assuming I keep you around long enough.
Christophe met her eyes, and she swore he knew what was going on in her head. Either he was intuitive, or the rum from the cheesecake was messing with her brain.
“I can be tenacious when I put my mind to it,” he said, as if in response to her unspoken thoughts.
She didn’t ask what that meant, since she had no intention of getting caught up in anything long-term. Much easier to enjoy being out with him and avoid overanalyzing things.
His gaze dipped to her plate. “You’re ready to go?”
She nodded. “It wouldn’t be wise to have any more of this cake. The chef was a tad heavy handed with the rum.
Chuckling, he said, “Don’t worry, you’d be safe with me even if you got drunk and disorderly.”
“I’ll hold you to that if I ever drink more alcohol than I can tolerate.”
While he paid the bill, Anya gathered her purse and the wrap she’d put aside. The evening had turned out warmer than expected.
On the way to her apartment, she listened to Jazz instrumental on the radio. The silence between them felt natural, with no need for words to clutter it up. She gazed through the window, keeping an eye out for homes and businesses that had already hung pepper lights. Although she had no plans to put up a tree, she liked the cheerful character the lights gave the city, plus the boost they gave her spirit.
By month end, Mama would insist that Anya and Celeste help her decorate the Christmas tree, but for many families, high electricity bills put a damper on the holidays.
When the Camry pulled up to her door, Anya wondered what to expect. So much time had passed since she’d brought a man to her house that she’d forgotten the moves. Good night kiss? Peck on the cheek? A hug?
Christophe took the burden of that decision from her by kissing her cheek. The warmth of his breath sent a shiver snaking through her tummy. She inhaled the light musk of his cologne and closed her eyes, thinking he was done. But no, his lips brushed hers and he whispered. “Bònn nui, cherie.”
He stepped away, and all she could do was nod. She waited until he got into the car before she closed the front door.
She leaned against it, still feeling the slight pressure of Christophe’s kiss.
It was a pity she couldn’t keep him around for long. He was just the sort of man she needed to break her drought.




“I wish you’d cut all this cloak and dagger business and tell me what’s going on,” Romaine said.
“You know I like to have all my facts in place before—”
“Hang on a second,” he said.
Anya waited while Romaine had a muffled conversation at his end before coming back to her. “I gotta go. Have an emergency. Call me on this tomorrow.”
“Obviously, you don’t have a life, otherwise you’d know today is Friday,” she said.
Romaine chuckled. “Some of us aren’t as lucky as you. I have to work this weekend.”
“Have fun,” she said, laughing when he threw a swear word at her in a playful tone.
She’d been working with Romaine Wells for a while now. He was tall and dark-skinned, with a wicked sense of humor. Romaine was also serious about his work.
Although they got along, Anya had never accepted any of his invitations to go out. Knowing she could be hard to get along with when things weren’t going in her favor, she didn’t want to risk wrecking a wonderful friendship.
She ran a hand through her hair, glad she’d been able to wrangle an appointment at the salon yesterday after work. Her sleek do gave her face a lift and as she always told Camille, if you look good, you feel great.
She was looking forward to spending the evening with Christophe and wondered what he had planned. Twice this week, she’d spoken to him, and he’d refused to say what they’d be doing. The only thing he’d said was that she was to dress casual and carry a sweater, just in case.
She couldn’t figure out what he had up his sleeve and not knowing had played havoc with her mind. She was unsettled and excited by turns, which wasn’t the usual for her. Andrew had been so predictable, after a few months he’d bored her senseless. Besides, he’d stopped courting her once he got her into bed. Why she’d been stupid enough to hang on to him for five years she couldn’t say.
She closed the file labeled Binns Manufacturing, her mind resting briefly on the research she’d postponed until today.  They had landed a couple of large accounts in the last two weeks and she’d had to put off the close look she’d been taking at Arnold Binns’ account.
Too bad today was Friday. A few short weeks ago, she’d have stayed late to continue working on the file, but not today. If she could, she’d teleport herself home to unwind before Christophe came for her. She picked up her keys and handbag, while sending up a quick prayer that traffic would be light.
Five minutes into the ride to her apartment, Anya knew she’d made a good decision. The roads weren’t clear, but traffic moved in a steady flow. Give it a few minutes and it would be bumper-to-bumper—one of the many challenges of getting around the capital city, Kingston. The advent of December meant the streets were busier than ever. The shoppers weren’t out in full yet, but the dolled-up storefronts beckoned those with money to spend.
Pleased with her timing, Anya slid into her designated parking spot. She locked up and raced inside the apartment in record time, taking off her heels on the way to the bedroom. Stripping off came next and then a leisurely shower. After that, she lay down to chill. The clock on the bedside table told her an hour-and-a-half remained before Christophe was due at her door. He’d get there at seven.  Again, she tried to guess where they’d be going. Dancing? A movie? A walk along the seashore? Nah. Too farfetched.
She switched on the television and tuned in to a channel showing music videos, but it wasn’t long before her mind strayed. 
Christmas was a few weeks away, so she wouldn’t change the drapes just yet. The patterned, peach fabric matched the sheets and bed cushions. Her bedroom was a haven and deservedly so, but Anya couldn’t help thinking that so much beauty and comfort was wasted on one person.   
The combined weight of her non-existent love life and unresolved issues with Andrew tried to seep over her. She changed the channel, hoping to find something to hold her attention. Maybe she’d have a snack.
In the kitchen, she found a half-eaten bag of plantain chips and poured a glass of orange juice to wash them down.
Since she didn’t want to get in a hurry and start sweating, she laid the sleeveless cotton dress on the bed and got busy with her hair and makeup. 
When she rose from the dresser, she was pleased with the result. Her twenties had raced by and she was almost thirty-two, but was at her peak in terms of looks and physical condition. She didn’t exercise much, thanks to her mother’s good genes, and thankfully, the ice cream she ate in vast quantities hadn’t yet started showing on her figure.
She shimmied into the dress, zipped it up and spun in front of the full length mirror in the corner. 
Not bad, she thought.
She’d gathered her purse and shawl and slipped on her sandals by the time Christophe knocked at the door. At least, she assumed it was him.
“Coming,” she yelled, stopping to spritz on perfume.
One twist of the lock and she had the door open. Christophe turned to face her, suave in a ribbed sweater with jeans and smelling delicious. After laying the full four hundred watts of his smile on her, he touched her shoulder. “Ready to go?”
She nodded, tongue-tied without knowing why. This was new territory for her and to think she believed she had everything figured out. 
He waited for her to lock up and then guided her to where he’d parked. After seating her inside the Camry, he hit the main road, heading downtown.
What was in the business district at this time of night, she wondered. “So, you’re still not saying where we’re going?”
“You’ll find out soon enough,” he said reaching for the dashboard. Music flowed through the speakers and surrounded them. Although it wasn’t familiar, it pleased her ear.
“Haitian music?” she said after a minute.
He nodded. “Méringue.”
She relaxed and enjoyed the melodious voice of the man who sang what sounded like a ballad. Her curiosity hit a new high when they continued onto the airport road. Where on earth could they be going?
Fifteen minutes later, she sat up when they turned into a boatyard on the Palisadoes Road. A man closed the gate behind them and told Christophe where to park.
Christophe helped her out of the Camry, locked up and took her arm as they moved toward the dock. She held back a comment, wondering if she could believe where her thoughts were leading. If she was correct, in another second she’d be asking herself where Christophe had been all her life.
A boat with the name Desdemona painted on the side bobbed next to the pier. From the deck, a muscular man in casual clothes greeted Christophe. He got off the boat and came toward them. “You’re right on time.”
With a hand to her back, Christophe introduced her. “Meet Desmond Minto, my good friend.”
“Nice to meet you,” Anya said, wondering if he was the owner of the boat.
“Good to meet you too, I’ve heard a bit about you,” he said, smiling.
“I hope it’s all good,” she said, sliding a glance toward Christophe.
“Not to worry,” Desmond said, turning to the boat. “Christophe would never trash anybody, much less a woman.”
Desmond lifted a hand in a silent invitation for them to board the boat.
The sight of it up close gave Anya a twinge of discomfort. The last time she’d been on any kind of vessel was during her childhood when she’d gone on a trip to Port Royal. Her dad had gotten a man who owned a teeny-tiny boat with an outboard engine to take their family to Lime Cay for a picnic. That was many years ago and her father was long dead, but the memory made her nostalgic.
She glanced at Christophe, a frown wrinkling her brow. A boat ride was something a man did with that special woman in his life. She wanted to pull away from Christophe, who had his arm around her, but didn’t see how she could do that without letting on that something was amiss.
She must have had a moment of madness when she convinced herself it was possible to see such a special man and not get attached. One thing was true. It was way past time for her to stop playing dead.
To Anya’s surprise, when they climbed aboard, someone was sitting on deck. Desmond introduced the petite woman as Janelle. They exchanged small talk until Desmond invited them to sit while he got them underway.
The boat was fitted with plastic, drop-down sheeting intended to enclose the deck during bad weather. Tonight, hardly a ripple disturbed the water, but Anya unfolded her shawl and drew it around her body. Although she wasn’t cold, she knew the night air could turn chilly. Christophe pulled her to his side, and she watched the moonlight shimmering on the water.
“Does he have someone steering this thing?” she murmured, keeping her eyes on Janelle, who now stood at one side of the boat with Desmond.
Chuckling, Christophe tugged her ear. “He’s doing it or should I say, it’s on automatic pilot.”
“Hmm.”
“What does that mean?”
“Nothing. I’m just thinking you move in some serious circles.”
“Hmm.”
It was her turn to ask a question. “What does that mean?”
He laughed low in his throat. “Nothing. You’re a one-of-a-kind woman, so is it strange that I’d pull out all the stops to make sure you have a good evening?”
She pretended her shawl was slipping and used that as an excuse not to answer. This man was making her all sorts of uncomfortable. So much for thinking she knew what the hell she was doing.
She fixed her gaze on the water, hoping Christophe didn’t expect an answer.
“Relax,” he said, squeezing her arm.
She thought it awkward to join their host, who now had his arm around Janelle, so she tugged Christophe’s hand until he stood beside her on the opposite side of the boat.
“How big is this thing?” she asked.
“Fifty feet.”
“D’you fish?”
“Not often.”
“When was the last time?”
“A month ago.”
“Where are we going?”
Shaking his head, he said, “I’m still not saying.”
She should have known better than to think she could throw him off guard. “This better be good,” she grumbled.
“Be patient, we’ll get there in a few minutes.”
That turned out to be true. Within ten minutes, they stood on the dock watching the boat leave. Before they got to shore, Christophe told her Desmond would be back for them in a couple of hours.
“So, where d’you want to eat?” He angled his head toward the nearby hotel. “There, or somewhere else?”
She pointed in the direction of the town. “One of the restaurants down the road is fine. I eat in established places every day.”
“I was hoping you’d say that.”
Hand-in-hand, they strolled down the street. Anya had always been wary of Port Royal. The earthquake that sank the city had happened in the 1600s, but one never knew. It would be just her luck to be trapped here when the next one struck. She hoped it wouldn’t be tonight.
The salty tang in the air and constant breeze was a pleasant change from Kingston. Anya didn’t miss the city’s backdrop of blaring horns and reggae music blasting from sound boxes on street corners.
The restaurant was a casual affair with tables inside and outside the building. The owners had strung pepper lights around the edge of the roof and on the supporting poles, no doubt to ring in the Christmas season.
Anya chose to sit under the stars and enjoy the gentle breeze, while Christophe paid for their meal inside the restaurant. A lively group of half-a-dozen people sat close by, laughing and sharing drinks. 
The wash of the waves was audible from Anya’s table. She found herself working up an appetite as she breathed deeply of the sea air.
Dinner consisted of fried fish and bammies—small wafers made from pressed cassava. These were fried until golden brown. Christophe had ordered Steamed Fish & Okra, which Anya thought yucky and told him as much.
“It’s healthier than the greasy food you’re having,” he said.
Making a face, she replied, “You only live once.”
“Which is why I’m trying to make this time count.”
She laughed and a moment later, he joined her, pleasing her ear with the sound of his amusement. When their laughter died, Christophe patted her hand. “Never mind me, you’ll learn that I eat healthy. Most of the time, anyway.”
“And you’ll find out that I have exactly what I want when I want.”
His gaze roamed her upper body before he smirked.
Anticipating what he might say, she spoke before he did. “Be careful what you say to me. I can be lethal.”
He raised both hands, palms out. “All I was going to say is that it’ll take some doing to spoil your figure.”
A slow tide of heat climbed her neck and she looked away, willing herself not to give in to the silly grin trying to break free.
She had a few sips of fruit punch, enjoying the air currents that kissed her skin. It wasn’t often that she came this close to the beach. Camille and Karen would be shocked into silence when she dropped news of this outing on them. What a way to change the status quo.
She wondered how Christophe could possibly top this night. She could see herself enjoying the coming holiday if he stuck around. These days, Christmas consisted of dinner at her mother’s house and doing battle with her sister, who refused to listen to anything either of them told her. Not Anya’s idea of fun, but it was better than sitting at home, trying to avoid issues she didn’t want to face.
Looking at his watch, Christophe said, “Desmond will be back soon. We should go.”
He helped her to her feet and hand-in-hand, they strolled the way they’d come. The security guard greeted them when they returned to the dock, and left them after a moment.
The breeze picked up and Christophe moved to stand behind her, sliding both arms around her waist. She stood stiffly at first, but relaxed as the wash of the water against the shore soothed her jumping nerves.
“You sure he’s coming back shortly?” she asked when the security guard went past them a third time.
Dipping his head to hers, Christophe pointed to the sea and the approaching boat. “Man, you’re impatient. D’you ever relax?”
“I can, now that I know I’m not stranded in earthquake territory without a ride.”
With a hand slung over her shoulder, Christophe chuckled. “One thing is sure. I’ll never be bored when I’m around you.”
Filled with contentment, Anya closed her eyes and inhaled his scent. This time, he wore a light musk.
The boat pulled in and Desmond gave her a hand on board. On the ride in, she snuggled against Christophe, lulled by the movement of the boat and the steady thud of his heart. She didn’t feel the need to talk, but listened as Desmond and Janelle murmured by the side railing. When they kissed, Anya looked away.
Back at the marina in Kingston, she thanked Desmond and waved goodbye to Janelle. Motorized traffic was light, but the street corners were busy with clusters of men playing dominoes and hanging out at bars. As they got closer to her apartment, fewer people were on the roads.
At her door, she thanked Christophe for a wonderful evening.
“I aim to please,” he said, before kissing her forehead.
She looked up at him and answered the question in his eyes, by tipping her chin toward him.
He placed a light kiss on her cheek and traced a path to her lips, then his hand came up to grasp the back of her neck and slide into her hair. Her mouth opened, inviting him to taste her.
Moments later, when he raised his head, Christophe’s whispered, “You have some powerful magic going on, woman.”
“I could say the same thing about you.”
He stroked her cheek before kissing her there. “Bònn nui, cherie. Pran swen tèt ou.”
“What did you say?”
“Sorry. I told you to take care of yourself.”
“I will and thanks again.”
“No problem. I’ll call.”
Long after he left, Anya stood inside the doorway unable to move. Her plans to keep Christophe at bay had flown straight out the window, without her consent.





Anya frowned at the sheet of paper and flipped a few pages. Then she looked from her assistant to one of the customer service representatives. “Racquel, do you remember when Mr. Binns filed this last claim?”
Racquel ran her hands over the front of her jacket before responding. “I believe it was September.”
“Couldn’t have been, since his policy wasn’t in force then.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.” Anya didn’t offer any other explanation, but remembered there had been a two-month lag between the date the policy ended and was renewed. Mr. Binns had been pulling tricks like that for years. Why her boss, Mr. Gonsalves, kept signing him on as a client she couldn’t say. She’d focused on the matter before her when Racquel’s voice cut into her thoughts.
“Maybe you’re mistaken, because I remember—” Racquel squinted as if trying to recall the details. While she licked her full lips, her gaze flicked toward Anya. “Um...he sent in the renewal payment before the accident.”
Anya looked at Monica, who offered a shrug as if to say she didn’t have a clue what was going on with the account.
The documents on file supported Racquel’s words, but Anya knew her clients and their quirks. While spinning through the leaves to find the copy of the insurance certificate, she gave no hint that she believed anything was wrong. “Well, everything seems to be in order here, so I’ll call Romaine.”
Racquel nodded and stood, towering over the desk. Where Anya was tall, Racquel had the height of a netball player. Her lips drew back from her teeth, imitating a smile, but she wouldn’t meet Anya’s eyes. “Uh, let me know when the payment is approved, so I can notify Mr. Binns.”
For the second time, Anya frowned. Since when did she need to be told how to do her job? She put the file aside, but the moment the two women left her office, Anya picked up the phone and got Romaine on the line.
“This might seem like a weird request,” she said, “but can you check on the renewal date of the policy for Binns Manufacturing?”
“Sure. What’s that problem child up to now?”
“I’m just doing some fact-checking.”
“Hang on a sec, I should have the file around here somewhere since payout is pending.”
After an age of listening to drawers opening and closing and papers rustling, she sat up when Romaine came back to her. “Now that’s strange.”
“What?” Anya asked, using her elbows to pull her body closer to the desk.
“The renewal date is earlier than usual. Not sure why that is.” He paused for a few seconds. “Does that mean he had a conversion and paid up early this year?”
“Fat chance,” Anya said, but her flippant tone masked her concern. Mr. Binns wasn’t the most upstanding guy in the world and wasn’t averse to cutting corners to get what he wanted. Anya hoped he hadn’t received help from her staff, but the dread filling her belly said otherwise. “Tell you what, I’ll check with my accounts department and you do the same, okay?”
“Mmm,” Romaine said. “Talk to you soon.”
After disconnecting the call, Anya sat staring at the file. Had something shady been done by her staff and if it was, how was she going to prove it?



Anya lay beside Christophe on the sofa, her head resting on his shoulder. While they watched an action-adventure movie, she played with his fingers. 
He’d called and invited himself over and on the way, he picked up seafood meals for both of them.
Over Curried Shrimp, she’d listened to Christophe speaking in that fascinating accent. The bottle of white wine she’d dug out of the fridge had mellowed her mood and quieted her doubts about spending more time with him.
The man thought of everything. Apart from food, he’d come armed with movies. When she asked how he knew she owned a DVD player, he’d responded by saying that everybody and his mother owned one.
While she was supposed to be watching the television, Anya’s eyes settled on the Christmas tree she’d set up earlier. It wasn’t the real thing, but it made her apartment feel as if someone lived there. Having a visitor had shaken things up a little.
In the past couple of years, she hadn’t bothered putting up a tree because she sometimes stayed overnight at her mother’s house after Christmas dinner and remained there until after Boxing Day.  Her bare apartment only served to remind her that she was single and lonely.
She’d made some bad choices, which hit hard especially during holidays. Ages ago, she’d believed Andrew was the man for her and that they would start a family, but that was a pipe dream.
Her gaze settled on the Poinsettias at the foot of the tree. She hadn’t been able to resist buying the plants when she passed them on the sidewalk outside the flower shop next door to her office. Peach was her favorite colour, and she found Poinsettias and Roses in that color irresistible.  On Monday, she’d take one of the Poinsettias to work to brighten up her space.
Her thoughts shifted to the man she was with. Christophe was good company and so thoughtful. Too perfect when she thought about it. Apart from his persistence, she hadn’t yet seen his feet of clay, but he had to have faults she hadn’t yet seen.
He touched her cheek, nudging her head toward him.  “What has you so occupied?”
“Your feet of clay,” she said, without thinking.
His brows shot higher and then he laughed. “You mean to tell me that while we’re supposed to be having fun, you’re thinking about my deficiencies?”
“Well, since you brought them up, what are they?”
He turned down the volume on the television and rested his chin on her hair. “I’ve been told I’m stubborn and sometimes uncommunicative.”
“What about relationships? How d’you handle conflicts?”
“I try to stay away from them. Only a fool doesn’t realize you can’t win an argument with a woman.”
She poked him in the side. “You forgot to say you’re a smartass.”
“I’ve been called worse,” he said, ruffling her hair.
He was silent for a while, then breathed deeply. “And you, Anya, what are your faults?”
“You sure you wanna hear?”
“Try me. I already know you can be slippery and that you want to be in control all the time.”
“What d’you mean by that?” she asked, looking him in the eyes.
“Just that you don’t seem to like surprises.”
“I can take them or leave them.”
The indulgent expression on his face stole her breath. 
“So to get back to those faults...”
She folded her hand over his, where it lay on her stomach. “My temper is short. I’m impatient and I don’t suffer fools gladly.”
“You sound like a drill-sergeant.”
“Whatever.”
He let his fingers explore her tummy. “You’re too feisty for your own good.”
“I know you like it like that.”
“Sure of yourself, huh?” he whispered, warming her ear with his breath.
She turned her head, and his lips were a hairsbreadth away. “Most of the time.”
She looked into his eyes and then let her eyelids close. He touched his lips to hers, while his fingers roamed the skin hidden by her tee-shirt. She moved closer and he touched the tip of her tongue with his. Groaning into his mouth, she caressed the side of his face. While his tongue tangoed with hers, Anya’s fingers slid into his hair. Just as she thought, it was soft to the touch. With her fingertips, she made tiny circles on his scalp.
His hand cupped the underside of her breast and strayed across the fabric of her bra. She squirmed and turned to face him, giving him more room to explore. His tongue made a warm trail between her ear and shoulder, while his thumbs worked some sensuous magic under her shirt.
The material was halfway up her stomach when the phone rang. Christophe kissed his way to her lips and smothered her mouth with his.
Eyes closed, she did her best to block out the buzzing of the telephone, but Christophe eased away and sat up. “Whoever it is, isn’t going away, so you better answer.”
Grumbling about inconsiderate callers, she lunged toward the other arm of the sofa and grabbed the phone off the end table. “Yes?”
“What took you so long?” Andrew asked.
“You better have a good reason for calling,” she said. “What the hell d’you want?”
“Why so hostile? I’m just checking in with my favorite lady. Remember we never settled the insurance for my car.”
“D’you know what time of night it is? Obviously, you don’t understand what it means when someone says no, and to get lost and stay gone.”
It took all of her willpower, but she dropped the phone back in its cradle without going violent.
Sighing, she laid her head against the back of the chair. Andrew had just done what he did best—spoiled her mood with a few words.
“Trouble in Camp Anya?” Christophe asked with a hint of amusement in his voice.
Without looking at him she said, “I’m gonna slap you silly if you say one more word.”
“Problem boyfriend?”
She rolled her head sideways to look at him. “Didn’t I just threaten you with violence.”
He put that bone-melting smile on display again. “I don’t scare easily.”
Shaking her head, Anya said, “That was my ex, who refuses to admit he’s in my past and uses any excuse to annoy the crap out of me.”
“Maybe he’s still in love?”
She rolled her eyes. “Give me a break. We’re like gasoline and matches. Guaranteed to cause destruction when we’re thrown together. Damn stalker.”
She laced her fingers with Christophe’s and wriggled closer. “Sorry about that.”
He didn’t say anything, but moved sideways and pulled her with him until they lay chest-to-chest. With one hand, he stuffed one of the cushions behind his head. The other, he used to press her cheek to his chest. He murmured close to her ear. “These things happen. There’ll be other times.”
She wondered how he could be so selfless, considering that the proof of his arousal was pressed against her stomach. Sighing again, she let herself relax. Andrew had just killed any hopes she had for an exciting end to the evening, so she might as well settle for enjoying Christophe’s company.
She stared at the television, while Christophe made slow circles on her skin. Perhaps things had worked out for the best and Andrew had prevented her from making a mistake.
She kept forgetting that she didn’t intend to fall in love with Christophe, but if she was honest, she’d admit to being a far way down that road already. If she could have one wish, it would be that she had the freedom to do exactly as she pleased with Christophe, but life was never that simple.



Anya slid her purse under her arm and moved toward the door. Dance music, chatter and laughter surrounded her. The more her co-workers drank, the louder they’d become as the evening wore on. The Christmas party was in full swing, but she had other plans.
She made sure Mr. Gonsalves and the members of the board of directors had seen her while giving their usual speeches and thanking the staff for their hard work during the year. It was only the fifteenth, but the company had gone ahead with the party since the directors sat on other boards and had various functions to attend over the season.
The decorator had done a fantastic job with the eight-foot tree and the cream-on-gold decor. The wine had flowed and the food was good, plus the bonus the owners of Grange Insurance had granted was generous. Still, Anya couldn’t wait to get moving.
Outside the door of the conference room she ran into Karen, who personified elegance in a navy pantsuit. She grabbed Anya’s arm. “I wonder where you’re stealing off to so early.”
“I have a date,” Anya said. “Is that a crime?”
“You forget you’re the one who acts as if having fun is a crime?” She wriggled her eyebrows. “Make sure wherever you’re going, you have a good time.”
The emphasis she’d placed on the word good made Anya laugh. “Mind your own business.”
Karen worked hard, was funny and made the office a lively place. She’d be migrating in the new year, which made Anya a bit sad.
“Catch you tomorrow,” Anya said.
Karen waved and gave an exaggerated wink. “Enjoy your night.”
Anya hurried out of the building to avoid running into anybody else.  She let out her breath when she sat in the Corolla, and dumped her purse on the passenger seat. One look at the dashboard clock and her heart did a little flip. It was after eight o’ clock, which meant she didn't have a lot of time to be ready for Christophe.
He’d wanted to go out, but she convinced him to stay in for another movie night. This time, they’d watch a romantic comedy. She’d insisted on choosing the movie. None of that car-chase-shoot-’em-up action for her tonight. If she was in luck, they’d get to finish what Andrew had interrupted a week ago.
She got home within ten minutes, driving like a bat out of hell to get there before Christophe. The first thing she did was plug in the lights on the Christmas tree. Then she stood back to savor her handiwork. The candy canes, miniature Santas and elves lifted her spirit. She left the overhead bulb off to better enjoy the rice lights on the tree as they winked and went from pink to purple.
A sprint into the bathroom for a speed-of-light shower and a change of clothing ensured that she was ready for her visitor.
At nine o’ clock, Christophe’s car drew up to the sidewalk out front. Anya flipped the light switch and opened the door, wearing a stupid grin, but try as she might it wouldn’t go away.
Christophe stepped over the threshold, slid one arm around her waist and kissed her cheek. “You smell nice, but then you always do.”
She inhaled his cologne, which reminded her of ocean breezes. “I could say the same for you.”
His other arm came from behind him and he presented her with an orchid, loaded down by purple and white blooms. “This is for you.”
“Why?” The word slipped out before she could push them back.
His eyebrows did an elevator rise and his shoulders followed. “Do I need a reason to buy you flowers?”
Hands cradling the pot, Anya said, “It’s not flowers…”
One side of his lips lifted and Christophe let his brows do that climbing thing again.
Feeling foolish, she snapped. “You know what I mean.”
With both hands in the air he said, “I never uttered a word.”
Moving toward the kitchen, she spoke over her shoulder. “That look on your face said everything you didn’t.”
“At least I was smart enough not to say a word.”
She cut her eye at him and spoke over her shoulder. “Did you eat?”
“I’m fine. I left space for the popcorn though.” He spoke above the television, which he switched on and by the sound of it, threw his keys on the center table. “I’m waiting Miss Davies,” he sang.
“Just slip the movie in,” she yelled from the kitchen. “It’s on top of the DVD.”
From the cupboard above her head, she grabbed a packet of popcorn and put it into the microwave. While it popped, she got two glasses out and filled them with lemonade. By the time she left the drinks in the living room and returned to the kitchen, the popcorn had thirty seconds left.
She leaned on the sink, thinking how good it felt to have a man inside her house. Sure, they hadn’t made any dying declarations of love, but Christophe was more than a little taken with her.
Although she had gotten over her serial breakups with Andrew, it took a while before she got past the reason for their final falling out. Sometimes, she thought she’d never cross that particular hurdle. Too late, she’d found out that Andrew was irresponsible and didn’t want the same things as her.
A familiar fog tried to move over her, but Anya pushed it aside. She had no reason to let the past spoil the present. She’d sort out her thoughts later. The microwave beeped and she transferred the popcorn to another bowl, got a handful of napkins and put a smile on her face.
Determined to snap out of her funk, Anya sat next to Christophe, balancing the bowl on her knees.
Christophe had timed her well as he’d just started the movie. His arm on the back of the sofa came to rest on her shoulder and she pecked his jaw.
“What did I do to deserve that,” he asked.
“I’m feeling generous,” she said, holding popcorn to his lips.
“I could get used to this sort of treatment,” he mumbled around the mouthful.
Between laughing over the antics of a lovelorn spinster, and Christophe’s hilarious comments, Anya enjoyed the evening.
While the credits ran, Christophe fondled her ear. “Thanks for entertaining me tonight.”
“You’re welcome. You make a good guest.”
His eyes twinkled and she guessed he was going to say something feisty.
“And you’re not half bad when you stop asking questions,” he said.
She opened her mouth to protest, but he stopped her by pressing his lips to hers.
Taken by surprise, she did nothing.
His kiss grew more insistent and she closed her eyes and let him lead. While Christophe cupped her cheek with one hand, his tongue did a slow, sensuous dance with hers. As her temperature inched upward, he pulled back to press tiny kisses to the corners of her mouth.
“You taste yummy,” he whispered.
“Must be all that buttery goodness from the popcorn.”
He chuckled and she joined him. “Sorry, I couldn’t resist that one,” she said.
“Come here.” He hugged her and spoke into her hair. “You have such a smart mouth.”
“That’s cuz...”
A slow flick of his tongue around the shell of her ear dissolved all rational thought.
“You were saying?”
Anya couldn’t see his face, but heard the amusement in his voice. Even if she’d tried, it would have been impossible for her to utter anything that made sense.
“Your tongue on strike?” he whispered.
This time, he took the lobe of her ear into his mouth, nipping gently. She let her head fall against his neck, while he did things to her ear that made her want to rip his clothes off right there on the sofa and not give a damn about the consequences. After all they were two consenting adults.
His lips came back to hers and her heart thrummed hard and loud.
Christophe went still.
“What?” she murmured.
“The door,” he said. “Someone’s trying to hammer it in.
So that’s what that was.
Wondering who the hell that could be, Anya sat up and frowned at the blank television screen across the room.
She tugged her tank top over her shorts and told herself to be polite to whoever stood on her doorstep. Most likely, one of her neighbours needed something. Whatever it was had to be important, since it was close to eleven o’ clock.
 She pulled the door open and forgot how to speak, while staring at the man in front of her. 
On the other side of her doorway, Andrew leaned against the doorpost as if he had a right to come calling.
Anya tipped her head sideways, struggling to understand why he was there. “Did you get a night pass out of hell to come and torment me?”
He grabbed at her arm, but she stepped backward.
“Don’t be like that,” he said, moving through the doorway.
“If that isn’t the case, then it means you’re spying on me.”
“Why would I do that?”
She felt Christophe’s presence and knew he was going to speak before he said a word.
“Anya, is everything okay?”
From the sound of it, he was standing a foot or so behind her.
“I’m okay,” she said with a slight turn of the head.
“Who’s he?” Andrew asked.
Anya grabbed his arm and tried walking him backward through the door. “None of your damn business.”
Andrew shook her hand off him. “Anything to do with you is part of my business.”
Keenly aware that she had to watch what she said, Anya paused before opening her mouth.
“I appreciate your concern, but we are over.” She spoke in a near whisper. “You have no excuse to turn up here at this time of night, unless you’re watching me. If you keep this up, I’m going to call the police.”
When Andrew laughed, she had a mind to hit him. Instead, she poked him in the chest and kept walking until he stood on the step outside.
“I don’t care what you think you’re doing, but if you turn up at my door again, you’re going to be sorry.”
“No, you’re the one who’s going to be sorry if you keep running around with that Haitian. You might catch something you won’t be able to cure.”
She squeezed her eyes shut and then stared up at Andrew. “What did you say?”
“You heard me.”
“I should put my fist into your face, but I won’t. Who I sleep with is none of your business and turning up on my doorstop won’t stop me from living my life. I’m so over you.”
She stood akimbo and spoke in a furious whisper. “And by the way, you certainly are well-informed about someone you supposedly don’t know. That is illegal. You have no business digging into his affairs. You’re damn out-of-order.”
Before he slid his arm around her shoulder, Anya felt Christophe's presence. “I think you should leave now,” he said. “Anya obviously doesn’t want you here.”
Andrew scowled. “Who gave you the right to butt in?”
“I did,” Anya said, looking at Christophe.  “Please, give me a few minutes.”
When Christophe walked away, Andrew smirked as if he’d just won Cash Pot numbers.
“Don’t stand there grinning as if you belong here. I’m sick of repeating myself.” As she spoke, her spirit sank to the level of her toes. “Why can’t you concentrate on whoever you’re seeing and leave me alone?”
“You know why I can’t.” He walked toward the parking lot and then came back. “We’ll see what he has to say when he knows everything about you.”
Although she wanted to slap his big forehead and put a dent in it, Anya restrained herself by holding on to the doorjamb. “And we’ll see what you do when the police turn up to haul you to jail for stalking.”
She shut the door before he could respond and leaned her forehead against it.
Before she realized what he’d done, Christophe gripped her shoulders and turned her so her forehead rested in the curve of his neck. His hands slipped under her shirt to caress her skin. 
She couldn’t face him yet, but wondered what she’d done to deserve this thoughtful man. His comforting touch brought tears to her eyes. She let them fall, unsure of where she stood with Christophe now that Andrew had done his worst. 
She didn’t know how long they stood in the passage, holding each other. Eventually, Christophe pulled her toward the sofa and made her sit. He faced her, using his thumbs to wipe away her tears.
“It’s late, so I won’t give you a hard time over this, except to say that man takes up too much of your time for someone who’s supposed to be part of your history.”
She tried to speak, but Christophe pressed a finger to her mouth.
“He also has too much control over your life. I’d ask why, but I sense it’s something private.” He stared deep into her eyes. “Until you take back control from him, you’ll never be rid of him.”
“I...”
This time, he stopped her words with a kiss. “I don’t want to pressure you into making any promises you can’t keep, but you need to decide what you want.”
He kissed her again, a slow, sweet exploration that almost made her forget her dilemma. She touched both sides of his face and he spoke into her mouth. “Mwen regret sa.”
“What did you say this time?”
“I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t do anything.”
“I know.”
He stroked her cheek, palmed his keys and got to his feet. She walked to the door with him, fighting the depression that was stealing over her. She raised her head to apologize again, but he stopped her, tipping her chin up with a finger.
“N a wè pi ta,” he said, and smiling slightly added, “I’ll see you later.”
She closed the door and dragged herself into the living room, wishing for what she couldn’t have. She’d waited so long for someone to come along after Andrew—although she’d decided that relationships weren’t for her. Now that she’d stepped out of her comfort zone, Andrew had ruined things for her.
Shaking her head, she corrected herself. She was responsible for everything that happened this evening. If she’d set firm boundaries, Andrew would have backed off long ago. 
Her behavior was strange, considering that she was decisive when it came to every other aspect of her life—but there was the hold he had over her that might never be broken if she wasn’t careful.
She picked up the bowl and glasses and put them in the sink. While she washed them, she considered Christophe’s words. He hadn’t said good night. He’d said see you later. How much later would that be, she wondered.
The quiet, yet intense tone of his words hinted that he wouldn’t tolerate what was happening between Andrew and her. At least, not while he was in the picture.
She turned on the tap and watched the water spraying into the sink, but her mind wasn’t on washing dishes. Every word Christophe had said before leaving resounded in her head. 
Staring at the stainless steel drain board, Anya asked herself how it was possible to lose Christophe before she even had him.

 


Anya shifted the miniature Santa Claus on the desk. Karen had given it to her, insisting that Anya could take a lesson or two from him. 
If she hit the button between his feet, he’d sing White Christmas and gyrate in a circle. The figurine and a Poinsettia were the only concession Anya made to Christmas, in her office space.
The tree that had been the centerpiece for the office party had been moved to the lobby and the doorways overrun with garlands. It seemed all her co-workers wore bright smiles and were chockfull of Christmas cheer. She wanted somewhere to hide to avoid dealing with the joy and revelry both at work and on the street.
Even Mama had gone overboard on the Christmas decorations. Between Anya and Celeste, it had taken three hours before Mama was satisfied. Her joy over the fact that they had worked together without a fight breaking out didn’t put Anya in a better mood. Neither did the tubs of Pistachio and Rum & Raisin ice cream she’d consumed each evening. She could definitely relate to Scrooge.
A week had passed and except for a phone call after her run-in with Andrew, Christophe hadn’t spoken to her.
“So, how are you doing today?” he’d asked the next morning.
Not wanting him to think she was a weakling, she chose to be vague. “I’m just fine.”
“I wanted to be sure.”
“You can put your mind at ease.”
“Good. Take it easy. We’ll talk.”
As the days went by and he didn’t call, she accepted the fact that he was putting space between them. Although she tried not to think about the reality of the situation, she couldn’t help missing Christophe. He was so different from any man she’d ever dated.
She looked at her watch. It wasn’t even time to start working, but she’d come to the office early to keep her mind off him.  Hard to believe he occupied so much space in her head, considering that she hadn’t wanted to let him into her life in the first place.
She still had twenty minutes to go before work started, but was in no mood to do anything. Her girl Camille would be up though. Pulling out her cell phone, she speed dialed Camille’s number.
“Something has to be wrong for you to be calling this early,” Camille said.
“Is that any way to greet me?”
Camille snorted and Anya could picture her bright eyes, wide smile and that tiny gap in her front teeth. “I know something’s up. Man trouble?”
“You know me too well,” Anya said.
“If I don’t know your habits after twenty-odd years, what does that say about me? Anyway, what have you done this time? Didn’t you say things were going well with your new main squeeze?”
“Yeah, until that fart-hole, Andrew, showed up.”
Camille’s silence preceded her usual comments about Andrew. “How many times have I told you to avoid that man?”
“It’s not for want of trying.”
In two minutes, Anya brought Camille up to speed on her run-ins with Andrew.
“You need to get rid of him for good. He’s bad for you. D’you realize you get depressed every time he appears?”
“It’s not like I’m calling him.”
“I’m tired of knocking it into your head that he’s a nasty habit you’ve had way too long. What d’you have to show for letting him eat up five years of your life? Stress? Aggravation?
“I’ll tell you this for the last time. If you don’t find a way to cut him loose, he’s gonna be the death of you.”
At a loss as to why she was making excuses for Andrew, Anya said, “I think he keeps coming around because he’s not over that episode either.”
“I don’t give a rat’s behind about his feelings. You’re the one who suffered most from that disaster. For once, think about yourself. I dunno if you’ve noticed that every time you’re about to make some progress, he comes sniffing around.”
“Almost as if he really is spying on me,” Anya whispered.
It was true that Andrew seemed to know each time she was interested in someone. The last time she’d been on a date, he’d shown up at her apartment just as the guy was leaving, on the pretext that his car had broken down around the corner.
The time before that, he’d turned up at the restaurant where she was dining. He’d sauntered over to the table and wouldn’t go away, which forced her to introduce her dinner partner. That was the first and last time she’d been out with that man.
“Look,” Camille’s voice ended Anya’s trip into the past. “I know you two have some history and issues that you’re not dealing with too well, but if you don’t kick Andrew into the past where he belongs, you’re going to be a train wreck. Mark my words.”
She sighed and her voice grew softer. “Have you thought about seeing a therapist like I suggested?”
Anya shook her head, forgetting that Camille couldn’t see her. Then she aired her thoughts. “No. I just don’t want to talk—”
“I know you don’t, and I’m sorry to bring up things that are best forgotten, but it’s going to haunt you forever if you don’t work through what happened.”
Anya nodded because she couldn’t deny that Camille was right, but now she was sorry she’d called.  Fact was, until she put the mistakes she’d made with Andrew where they belonged, she’d never heal. Knowing she’d feel worse if she rehashed her memories from two years ago, she shut down her thoughts.
Monica darted into the doorway and rushed toward the desk with a file in her hand. 
One day, she’s going to give me heart failure, Anya thought.
She used the opportunity to end the call with Camille. “Gotta go, Cam. Time to earn some dough.”
“Have a good day and think about what I said, okay?”
“I will,” Anya said, but had no intention of doing anything but finding a way to avoid Andrew.
Smiling at Monica, who shifted from side-to-side in her high heels, Anya greeted her and took the file.
“Mr. Wells from Royal Insurance is holding on the line. I brought you the file he mentioned, in case you need it,” Monica said.
Anya smiled her thanks, picked up the phone and pressed it to her ear with one shoulder. “What’s up Romaine?”
“Anya, we’ve found some irregularities to do with that policy for Binns Manufacturing.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?”
She rubbed her forehead, hoping that any wrongdoing had gone on at the insurance company, but knew better since this particular client was involved.
“It turns out that someone backdated the insurance certificate. The accident also happened before the regular renewal date on the Binns Manufacturing policy.”
“I kind of suspected something was out of place, which is why I asked you to check things on your side.”
“What d’you think my agent has to gain except for the loss of his job and a possible prison term? Not that things will get that far, ’cause he’s related to the boss.”
“The only benefit I can see are a few dollars,” Anya said. “If his plan had worked, Mr. Binns would have collected money equivalent to the value of the car that was written off.”
Romaine didn’t respond, which gave Anya a chance to think. Immediately, her mind went to Racquel’s behavior the last time she’d had her in the office.  Assertive and yet evasive.
“Did he say who he was working with from this office?” Anya asked.
“He’s had contact with two of your agents and wouldn’t give us any information at first. After his uncle threatened to have him locked up, he told us it was Racquel Sommers.”
Just as she’d thought. “I’ll wait for official correspondence from you before I do anything. Can you get me something today?”
“Are you kidding? This is at the top of my priority list.”
After he hung up, Anya stared at the desk pad. Repercussions would come from what Racquel had done, and Anya had to find a way to avoid as much fallout as possible. Her boss, Mr. Gonsalves despised dishonesty in any form and preferred keeping his business out of the public eye.
While she waited for Romaine’s correspondence, she went through Mr. Binns’ file again, wondering what could have motivated Racquel to do what she’d done. Over the years, Anya had received generous offers to look the other way on matters to do with her clients’ claims, but she’d never taken any bribes. It was important to her to be able to look at herself in the mirror with a clear conscience.



Romaine was as good as his word and got the letter and report to her within an hour. Armed with the data, Anya rang her boss and arranged to meet him in the boardroom.
They got there at the same time and while Mr. Gonsalves studied the file Anya had given him, she watched him out of the corners of her eyes.
Mr. Gonsalves’ mottled, olive complexion and watery aquamarine eyes gave away his age. His hair was way past thin and his hawk-like nose and close-set eyes made him resemble a bird of prey, but Anya knew he was harmless. At heart, he was a decent man and a good boss, if a little on the stingy side.
When he cleared his throat, Anya concentrated on the matter at hand.
“Have you given her any hint that you’re on to her?” he asked.
Shaking her head, Anya said, “I’ve questioned her about the account several times, but haven’t said anything to tip her off. Of course, it’s been more than an hour since I spoke with Romaine.”
Mr. Gonsalves head tipped forward and he looked at the file again. “Well, there’s no sense putting off what’s to be done. Can you get Miss Sommers in here?”
Anya nodded and went to the phone on the credenza, where she rang Racquel’s desk.
“Yes, can I help you?”
“Racquel, can you meet Mr. Gonsalves and me in the conference room?”
In the silence that lasted a few seconds, Racquel’s breathing came fast and heavy. Her voice was shrill when she responded. “What’s the meeting about?”
With her back to Mr. Gonsalves, Anya spoke into the phone. “Don’t give me any attitude about this, just get over here.”
Anya sat across from Mr. Gonsalves again, wondering how he would approach this particular problem. If she knew him as well as she thought, he’d want to keep it quiet. She could hear him saying that public knowledge of a fraudulent act involving the company would be bad for business. Since he hadn’t told her what he planned to do, Anya would have to wait to see how he handled the situation.
After tapping the door, Racquel entered the room, looming taller than ever in a black pantsuit and high heels. She licked her lips and approached the mahogany table. To Mr. Gonsalves, she said. “You wanted to see me?”
He nodded. “Please sit.”
The moment she did, Mr. Gonsalves straightened his tie and spoke, his cultured accent more pronounced than usual. “We’ve discovered some irregularities with the Binns account. I’m not going to accuse you of anything, nor put up with any protests about your innocence. The evidence before me is enough.”
Racquel’s lips parted, but Mr. Gonsalves held up one hand.
“Luckily for you, the insurance company won’t be pressing charges against your cohort. You, however—”
“But this is unfair,” she said. “You haven’t even—”
“Spare me the theatrics, Miss Sommers. Just be glad I’m not calling in the police. Clean out your desk and be out of the building within one hour. By that time, the accounts department will prepare any payment that’s due to you.”
She rose and pushed the chair away with the back of her knees. Before leaving the room, she flung Anya a glare as if to say she was responsible for the loss of her job.
Over her shoulder, Racquel spat, “You’ll be hearing from the Labour Ministry.”
“Right.” Anya muttered. “As if.”
Mr. Gonsalves lurched to his feet and slid the file across the table. “Please set up an emergency meeting with Mr. Binns for this afternoon. Get Mr. Deans to attend, as well as Mr. Wells. We’ll deal with Mr. Binns at that time.”
“Will do,” Anya said, but didn’t move. In a minute she’d call Romaine. Mr. Deans was their head of security and was just around the corner. She’d speak to him on the way to her office.
Clearing up this business had given her little satisfaction. If Mr. Binns could get away without paying his premium for months, that’s what he’d do, and if he could get an undeserved payout, he wouldn’t hesitate to take it. 
Pity she hadn’t picked it up earlier. She’d been too focused on the man she didn’t intend to keep, but had lost anyhow. 
Her mind shifted to Andrew and his habit of interfering in her affairs. Being sick of him didn’t come close to describing how she felt. The next time she laid eyes on him, she was likely to do something irrational. 
She’d come a far way, bearing in mind the altercations with Andrew years ago that had landed her in trouble with the police. If Christophe hadn’t been with her last week, she might now be facing assault charges. This latest caper had gone past the limit of what she could take and she didn’t plan to suck up any more of Andrew’s crap.
While going through the choices she had, Anya gathered her things and walked back to her office. 
After tracking down Mr. Binns on his cell phone and pushing aside a couple of flimsy excuses, she got him to confirm a two o’ clock meeting.
She ended the call and sat drumming on the desk pad. For some time, she stared at the plastic Santa Claus on the desktop as if she’d find the answers to her problems in the bag of toys slung over his back. It wasn’t long before she decided to do what she’d been thinking about all week. She’d wait until day’s end and if she was lucky, things might work in her favor.



The meeting with Mr. Binns started on time. Their security chief took the seat next to him, while Anya, Romaine and Mr. Gonsalves sat on the opposite side of the table.
Romaine explained that the policy and claim were invalid because the insurance certificate had been falsified.
Mr. Binns, a light-skinned mountain of a man objected before Romaine finished his opening statement. “I didn’t come here to be accused of breaking the law. It’s not my fault if your employees made a mistake that’s to my advantage.”
Anya all but rolled her eyes. Either he had some cojones the size of Kingston on him, or he was delusional.
“You can decide how we treat this,” Mr. Gonsalves said. “I’d prefer to avoid any publicity, but if you wish to keep up this pretence, you will be charged with bribery, among other things, and have your name in the newspaper along with the details of the case. It’s your choice.”
Romaine handed Mr. Binns a file. “Inside is a disclaimer. I need you to sign both copies.”
Mr. Binns read the document, breathing like an enraged bull. He slapped the file on the table, wrote his signature and flung the file toward Romaine.
Mr. Deans, the head of security, gave Mr. Binns a warning look.
He sat back in the seat, sweating although the room was air-conditioned.
Mr. Gonsalves smoothed his comb over and put on a stern expression. “Needless to say, we’d be happy if you took your business elsewhere and don’t expect a refund on the premium you’ve paid to date. It’s just enough to cover the administrative fees you’ve racked up.”
“That’s unreasonable, not to mention excessive,” Mr. Binns said.
“Consider yourself lucky that we haven’t called in the police,” Romaine said, closing the file.
Mr. Binns left without saying goodbye, yanking the sides of his jacket together over his bulging stomach. After a moment, Mr. Deans followed.
Romaine patted Anya on the shoulder. “A pleasure working with you, as always. With your instincts, you should be working for the police. If you hadn’t asked questions, we wouldn’t have picked up on what was happening.”
Mr. Gonsalves shook Romaine’s hand. “Thanks to you two, we’ve saved both companies’ reputation.”
“Glad to be of service,” Romaine said.
The two men left the board room and Anya decided to go out for lunch. She hadn’t eaten because she wanted to get the meeting out of the way. She also needed time away from the office to think.
 At the nearest Chinese restaurant, she ordered a bowl of Chicken Suey Mein. After she ate, she got on the phone and made the most important call of the day. Then she returned to the office, hoping the rest of the afternoon flew by.
She had plans she couldn’t wait to put into action.




The lights on the tree winked in a hypnotic pattern, fast and then slow. The star at the top blinked nonstop, adding to Anya’s fascination. Who knew positive vibes could come from just looking at a Christmas tree?
There was more to it than that, but Anya was keeping her fingers crossed until Christophe got there. 
Christmas Eve was a couple of days away and if she played her cards right, she’d have some joy coming her way. She hugged herself, letting a smile creep across her face. Even the meaning of Christophe’s name tied in nicely with the season. Bearer of Christ or holding Christ within. 
He’d certainly made her take a deep look at her herself. Shaking her head, she wondered how she’d come so far from her roots. She’d always loved Christmas, but so much had changed since her father died and her relationship with Andrew turned sour. She hadn’t even told her mother that she’d met a man, yet Christophe had changed everything. 
As if her thoughts conjured up her expected guest, someone knocked on the door. In two seconds she was there, holding it open.
“Thanks for coming,” she said.
Giving her a smile that made her warm and gooey, Christophe said, “You summoned me, so I came.”
He closed the door and leaned against it, as if he had all the time in the world to spend with her. The aroma of soap, plus his polo shirt and jeans told Anya he’d had a shower before coming to her.
She folded both hands and looked him in the eyes. “I should be mad with you.”
Christophe tipped his head forward. “I wonder why.”
“I didn’t invite Andrew here and I think you know that. If you weren’t coming back, you should have said so.”
Showing her those dimples again, he shook his head. “I never said that. I remember telling you that you should take control from that man.”
“It sounded like goodbye.”
“I know you know I’m not the kind of man who’d leave for good without telling you.”
“Do I?” Despite her confusion, Anya smiled. The sight of him made her so darn happy. “Are you saying you would have contacted me if I hadn’t picked up the phone and called you?”
“Eventually, but I was waiting to see how long you’d take to call.”
“I wonder why,” she said, using his words.
He closed the gap between them, slipping both arms around her. “I also said you had to decide what you want and I waited for you to make that decision.” He kissed her ear. “And you did.”
He turned her toward the living room and led her to the sofa. “You’ve grown on me. I missed you.”
“I missed you too,” she said, sliding closer on the seat. “I can’t agree with your method, but what you said was true.”
“Which part of it?”
“The part about taking control.”
He touched her cheek. “We can’t shut the door on what has gone before, but life is simpler if our past relationships stay where they belong.”
“You’re right,” she said after a moment. “I guess that means I won’t have any jealous women turning up to challenge me for your affection.”
He chuckled. “Trust me, that’s not likely to happen.”
“Anything you say, Mr. Mondesir.”
“So what d’you have planned for me this evening?”
“Beyond getting you over here, I didn’t plan much further than that.”
He laughed and picked up the remote off the center table. “So much for thinking you had everything worked out to the last detail.”
“Ever hear of playing things by ear?” She squeezed his arm and tugged his earlobe. “Would you like some fruit cake?”
“I thought fruit cake was reserved for Christmas Day,” he said.
“Not where I come from. My mother makes a mean fruit cake and she starts baking weeks before Christmas.”
She got a plate from the cupboard and loaded it with the traditional dessert. After filling two glasses with Sorrel, she unloaded everything on the center table.
When she sat, Anya picked up the plate and glanced at the television.  A nativity play was in progress. Since she’d seen it before, she left the set on. It wouldn’t be a source of distraction.
She held a forkful of cake to Christophe’s lips. “You ready?”
Christophe nodded, and she slipped the fork into his mouth.
Closing his eyes, he chewed slowly and then swallowed. While he did, Anya helped herself. The combination of fruits, nuts, rum and wine was heavenly. Kinda-sorta the way she felt having him around.
She stopped chewing.
What would it be like to just let go and see where things went between them? She’d been mulling it over all week and believed she’d made up her mind when they spoke on the phone, but she was still holding back.
For two years, she’d convinced herself she didn’t need a man and shouldn’t risk getting involved with anyone else. Christophe had helped her change that way of thinking and she’d started wishing for what she once considered to be out of her reach. A man who’d understand and cherish her.
As always, she shied away from zeroing in on the sensitive information about herself that she’d have to share with that man, if she ever found him. Harboring secrets that had the power to affect others was never a good thing.
She patted Christophe’s thigh, but didn’t look him in the face. In the short time she’d known him, the man had turned her world on its ear and changed her perception of relationships.
It was time to let go of her insecurities. She had several hurdles to cross if things turned serious, but he was here now and her secrets could wait.
“Am I getting any more of that cake or d’you plan to eat it all?” he asked, pulling her closer.
“You’re lucky I have more where this came from, otherwise you’d have to beg.”
He picked up one of the glasses and had a swig of the sweet, burgundy drink. When he put the glass down, he took the plate from her hand.
Using one finger, he lifted her chin and touched his lips to hers. She stared into his eyes and let her eyelids droop. Gently, Christophe invaded her mouth. The thorough and unhurried exploration pulled a moan from her throat and left her panting.
Nuzzling her neck, Christophe asked, “Had enough?”
“Not nearly,” she said, returning his smile.
“You’re in luck,” he said, “’cause I’ve got a lot more where that came from.”
The two of them gave in to laughter, and Anya slapped his arm. “You’re full of it, you know that?”
“I hope what I’m full of is exactly what you need,” he said, before kissing her again.
Eyes closed, Anya savored the heady taste and feel of his lips. The man had done the impossible. He’d changed her outlook, along with what she thought she needed, and he’d done it in such a short time. She had everything to gain by opening her heart to him and for the moment, all she’d wished for was hers.
She didn’t know what the New Year would bring, but Christmas was going to be a blast.
For now, that was enough.



Chasing Anya



Chapter 1
Anya dug her nails into her palms, but relaxed her fingers before she cut herself. Willing her heart to slow its gallop, she raised her head. 
Like metal drawn to magnet, her eyes found Christophe Mondesir. He stood on the opposite side of the showroom with a woman. As though sensing her presence, he looked up from the display, scanning the room until he focused on her. Recognition lit his eyes. His dimples winked at her and he nodded. 
Instead of acknowledging him, Anya gazed into the display case, where the watches stared back at her from well-ordered lines. 
Despite the chill from the air-conditioning, heat rushed to her skin and blood pooled in places she wanted to forget still existed. The hair on her neck made her hot. Outside, the temperature hovered near furnace level, making her dread the trek back to her car. It wouldn’t do to return to the office sweaty and smelling frowsy. 
She murmured to herself, a disturbing habit she’d picked up lately. “I should be relaxing on the beach right now. Maybe someplace in MoBay or Negril.” She glanced across the store. “Anywhere but here.”  
She couldn’t help noticing that Christophe’s companion had a few years on him. The woman wore a tailored suit and was no doubt some kind of professional. Perhaps a lawyer or an accountant, like him? 
They paused over the ring display where Anya had stood moments ago. Angling her head just so, she spied on them. The woman pointed at an item inside the lighted showcase and seconds later, Christophe lifted a hand to summon a shop attendant. 
She walked over, opened the case and allowed the woman to try on a set of wedding bands. Shards of light reflected off the stones when she held her hand up to display the rings. 
Christophe was getting married. 
Something about his fiancée stirred Anya’s memory, but she couldn’t pinpoint where they might have met before. 
The petite woman angled her head toward Christophe; her head only came up to his chest. She smiled and said something, to which he nodded in response. How well matched they are, Anya thought, dragging her gaze away. Even the soft curls in the woman’s hair were a reflection of Christophe’s. All too well, Anya remembered the sensation of his hair brushing her skin. 
She bumped against the display case and stumbled. When she righted herself, she threw a self-conscious glance around the store and edged sideways to the necklaces in the neighboring showcase. As if she could concentrate on them. 
Her thoughts chattered to life. You have no right to be jealous. You let him go, remember?  She tossed her hair. “Who’s jealous anyway?” she mumbled.
A moment later, she hissed air through her teeth, glared at Christophe, and hurried to the door. Her behavior was ridiculous because her absence would make no difference to him. After all, their relationship had ended before it started. 
She glanced at her reflection in the tinted, plate-glass window of the store two doors down. A willowy female, stiff as a board, whisking past with long strides, as though someone was chasing her. 
The aroma of fried chicken hovered in the air, and her stomach rumbled. She slowed her pace. Should she try another store or buy lunch and go back to the office?  With one foot poised to step down into the parking lot, she made her decision. Better to avoid bumping into Christophe again. She could buy a watch anytime. 
She crossed to the other side of the plaza and joined the queue inside Island Grill. Within five minutes, she collected her meal and was back in the scorching heat. 
After dropping her handbag behind the front passenger seat, she nibbled fried green plantains, enjoying the air-conditioning. Moments later, her hunger slipped away and she put aside the logoed paper bag. While she wiped her fingers on the printed napkin, she faced the gnawing worry that stole her appetite. Her anxiety wasn’t connected to anything tangible, but had lived with her now for a solid month. Before that, she’d faced mounting depression, which stayed with her, like wispy threads of half-formed mist on a cold morning. The only difference was that mist dissipated with the sun’s rising. Whatever had drifted over her life and into her psyche was not going away. Not by a long shot. 
She leaned on the steering wheel—forehead pressed against her hands—and closed her eyes. A tap on the window startled her and she sat up. A dreadlocked stranger wearing a red, gold and green knitted tam leaned toward the glass, peering at her. He mouthed something at her and despite her hesitation, she rolled the window down. 
“You all right, dawta?”
She nodded, eyeing his yellowed teeth. “Yeah, thanks.”
He raised a hand in a brief salute. “Just checkin’ to mek sure yuh okay.”
She smiled. “I appreciate it. Have a good day.”
The Rasta man walked away, and her mental wandering continued. 
She was beginning to think she needed help, although mental health professionals were expensive. That aside, she didn’t want to face the scary truth that she might have psychological problems. Added to that, to admit to seeing a psychiatrist in Jamaica was as good as admitting that she was mad. Discomfited by the flippant remarks she’d made over the years about people who suffered from mental illness, Anya massaged her temples. Those careless comments had come back to bite her. 
She eased her midnight blue Suzuki Jeep out of the plaza and headed back to work. At the office, she left the food in the vehicle and entered the building, waving at the receptionist. The open hall beyond the front office was crammed with lines of identical desks and chairs. Anya thought of the employees in the vast room as worker bees, whose efforts formed the lifeblood of the brokerage. 
She spent a few moments exchanging small talk with a couple of her team members, and then slipped into her tiny office in the back corner of the claims department of Grange Insurance Brokers. Behind her desk, she shrugged out of her navy jacket and hung it over the chair, preparing to deal with any matters that had come up in her absence. 
She sighed at the sight of the label on the file at the top of her ‘In’ tray. Riley, Maureen – Excelsior Enterprises. A note stuck to the jacket with a paper clip indicated that Miss Riley had called and expected to hear from her. 
Anya rang the owner of the handwriting and one of the brighter agents in the department. “Monica, what did Ms. Riley want this time?”
“She wanted to know if you spoke with Top Class Motors and whether you got any other quotes.”
“Did you give her the information you have so far?” Anya asked, scanning the clutter in her cubbyhole of an office. 
“No, since you prefer to document everything, I stalled her.”
“Thanks. Draft a letter and include the quotes we have so far. Let her know we won’t be approving a Mitsubishi windscreen when there are comparable ones from other suppliers at much better prices.”
“Sure, but I wish you luck when she finds out she won’t be getting a spanking new windscreen with a Mitsubishi logo on it.”
“You can say that again,” Anya said, “She’d better take what Mutual Insurance is offering, otherwise she’ll be dodging both the police and traffic through the cracked windshield. It’s her choice.”
“I’ll email the draft ASAP.” 
“Thanks.”
“YAW, Anya,”
Anya took a few seconds to figure out that message. You’re always welcome. 
She turned off the intercom, chuckling at Monica’s latest addition to her repertoire. She had a language of her own, composed of acronyms made up from ordinary phrases, which she slipped into conversations—though only she knew the meanings. This habit amused and exasperated Anya by turns.
Anya flipped through the other files and returned calls to clients, saving the most difficult one for last. Unfortunately, Miss Riley called before Anya got around to her and started their conversation with her usual rant. At the first pause, Anya stopped drumming on the desk and got in a sentence. “As I told you, we’ve got the quotations and are in the process of preparing a letter, which you should have by tomorrow, at the latest.” 
“I’ll believe you when I see it. I can’t imagine what is taking so long. You collect people’s money gladly and when it’s time to pay out a dollar, it’s hell for the customer. I’ll certainly be reconsidering my insurance coverage. I might just find another broker.”
In two years of doing business with Miss Riley, Anya had heard the same speech many times. She stopped listening. When a sharp click cut her thoughts, Anya pressed the hands free button, muttering. “This woman is something else. She goin’ to be the death of me, if she don’t give me a mental breakdown first. What she needs is a man.”
Anya snickered at her diagnosis, long convinced that older, single women like Miss Riley grew cantankerous over time with no one to take the edge off their sterile lives. Anya’s good humor faded as she remembered her thirty-fifth birthday, which was approaching at a gallop. She had neither a chick, nor a child, as her mother would say, and no man, having sworn off them after her disastrous relationship with Andrew. 
Her friendship with Christophe came later and started out on a promising note, but fizzled when she decided not to take it further. Two years had gone by, but she still missed him. He’d treated her better than most of the men who’d passed through her life, and would make some woman a great husband, but marriage wasn’t for her. She was better off by herself. Her experience with Andrew had taught her well. 
A glance around the florescent-lit office confirmed it was time to do something about the accordion files taking over every flat surface, including the carpet. She admitted she wasn’t up to that task just yet.
She inspected her hands; her nails needed refilling. With the weekend coming up, she considered driving down to Mandeville for a visit with her best friend, Camille. Time spent with Camille, Quinn and their young son, never failed to centre Anya and boy, did she need some peace to still the ruckus inside her. The only thing that daunted her was the long drive back to Kingston. She had too much time to think then. Inevitably, she overstayed and started back much too late because Camille and she saw each other so infrequently, and talking on the phone wasn’t quite the same. 
She’d had a tough time adjusting when Camille married and moved fifty miles away. Before her marriage, Anya used to stop by Camille’s apartment to talk, as and when the mood struck her. Now, Camille was out of easy reach.
Her other best friend, Penny, had died, and cultivating new friendships did not rank high on Anya’s list of things to do before she died. 
A fleeting picture of her sister, Celeste, crossed her mind and Anya wondered what she was up to, other than fulfilling her personal crusade to put their mother into an early grave. At twenty-four, she still lived at home, didn’t keep a job longer than six months and couldn’t stay out of trouble. 
Anya grimaced and put her family out of her thoughts. She had more than enough to keep her occupied. When she got up to return the files to the row of cabinets outside her door, the telephone rang. “Claims Department, Anya Davies speaking.”
His voice, with the faintest hint of a foreign accent, rolled over her like a welcome breeze in the heat of summer. “Hello, Anya, it’s Christophe.”
She forced herself to put aside her fascination with the way he always pronounced her name using a distinct emphasis on the second syllable, wondering what he wanted after so long. “What can I do for you?”
“Been taking care of yourself?”
“Yes, I’m good.”
“Seeing you today reminded me that I need your help.”
“You saw me today?” she asked, all innocence. 
“Yes, in the jewelry store, I could have sworn…”
“I was a bit distracted, so I didn’t spot you. Anyway, what d’you want?”
She drew a notepad in front of her and attacked it with a pen.
“The company just bought a new fleet of cars and we need to insure them.” He hesitated. “Because of the high value on them, we may—will need some financing.”
“So you need me to find an insurer who will allow monthly premiums and you also want me to arrange financing for that, right?”
“Yes, please.” 
“Okay, I’ll come up with a shortlist of companies. I should be able to give you a proposal within two to three days. Is that okay?”
“Yes. That’s fine.” He paused. “So everything’s all right with you?”
She stared at the slashes of ink scored into the paper before laying down the pen. She had drawn a triangle, split down the middle with heavy lines. 
“Yes, everything is just fabulous,” she said.
“Anya, would you think about going out—”
She hung up the phone, ending the flow of his words midstream. In one jerky movement, she ripped the page from the pad and flung it in the bin. Good thing she’d nipped that in the bud. It was senseless to get entangled with Christophe again. By the sound of it, he was going to get personal, no matter that he was engaged. 
The idea of another solitary evening at home depressed her, so after she called her contacts to ensure the rates she had were still current, she stayed to prepare a comparison list. In the morning, she would ask Monica to incorporate the information in their standard proposal. 
Sighing, she slumped in the padded chair. Why couldn’t Christophe let things be?  Sure, they had met through the company, but couldn’t he have gone to another broker since they weren’t exactly on speaking terms after their break-up?  Pity she didn’t own the company or she would have sent him on his way. 
Easier than dealing with him. 
She gripped the edge of the desk and sat up. The sooner she got the information he wanted, the sooner she would be rid of him.
Chapter 2
Anya stared at Christophe’s hand that rested on the desktop. A graceful finger traced the words across the page while he read a section of the proposal she had prepared. While she looked at his hands, her mind took a field trip. Both his sleeves were rolled up, and on his left wrist, a flat, gold-on-silver watch tangled with the soft hairs. She shivered at the memory of them brushing over her skin—but that was in the past. 
 His index finger tapped the paper, bringing her out of her trance. Her gaze lifted to his and then shot to the scribbled telephone numbers dotting the desk pad. She brushed at non-existent matter to keep her hands occupied.
He’d caught her staring, but nothing in his expression said he'd followed the direction of her thoughts. 
“So basically,” he said, “what we need to do is decide which payment option suits us best.”
She nodded, admiring the contrast between the peach shirt and his dusky skin. “As soon as you make a decision, I’ll ask the finance company to prepare a contract and you can start paying the premiums right away.”
“Great.”
He moistened his lips, but didn’t speak. The steady hum of the air-conditioner grew loud in the stretching silence. Anya shifted and adjusted the collar of her linen shirt, unsure of what was going on in his mind. Perhaps he was thinking, with his eyes fixed on her. But no, his eyes didn't have the glazed look of one deep in thought. He was looking straight at her. 
That wasn’t a good sign.
Her gaze took panicked trips around the room and she was close to the point of snapping at him when he spoke. “You never explained exactly why we had to stop seeing each other.”
Anya opened her mouth to respond and came up with nothing. She rested her palms on the desk and started over. “Well…I…there were issues.”
He nodded once. “Of course, there were issues, but only you seemed to know what they were.”
“Are you engaged?”
He shifted and turned an ear toward her. “What?”
“Never mind,” she said and sank into silence. 
In a minute she would go to the bathroom to check if she’d sprung a leak in her brain. Had she really asked him that?  
Thankfully, he hadn’t heard her question. 
Trying hard not to gnaw her synthetic nails, she avoided connecting with the composed man sitting in front of the desk. A seed of annoyance burst into life as she avoided his expectant gaze. What did he want her to say?
Except for fleeting moments in traffic, she hadn’t seen him in ages. The first few times he’d driven past, she had brain freeze, but realized that in a city as small as Kingston, she’d see him sometimes. Now here he sat, getting ready to muddy the water of her stagnant life. She drew a deep breath and got ready to skirt the subject. “Well, ah, time has passed, so…”
In the seconds following her non-statement, Anya acknowledged that Christophe didn’t intend to swallow the bait her open-ended words created. When his voice drifted over her, she fixed her attention on the pencil cup, willing her gaze to stay there. 
“I agree, but we do have some unfinished business. I—”
She put aside her aversion to dealing with emotional matters head-on and stopped him by raising both hands with her palms facing outward. “No, we don’t. I just can’t deal with this right now.”
His eyebrows lifted. “So, when’s a good time?”
Panic and fear raked her scalp. How about never?
He waited, giving no sign that he had to be anywhere else today. 
Anya stared at him, doubting her mental stability more than ever. How or why had she convinced herself to part ways with him?  Christophe was the sort of man she’d needed after Andrew. But she'd wasted time pining after Andrew—a man who refused to admit that he was unable or unwilling to commit to one woman—and lost Christophe, who would have helped her move forward with her life. 
A sigh left her lips. 
Christophe had always been stubborn. Why did he insist on making her face facts she didn’t want to think about? 
He startled her when he spoke. “Well?”
The way she sat implied that she had closed herself off from him, so she unfolded her arms and placed her hands on the desk. If she was going to avoid the complications he’d cause, she might as well deal with the situation now. She cleared her throat and peered at him. “Christophe, are you engaged?”
For a second, Anya thought he was going to smile, but he didn't follow through. “Why would you ask that?”
Pretending that she wasn't interested, she said, “The man in the jewelry store yesterday was picking out rings.”
“I thought you were distracted.”
She struggled not to let on that she’d lied. “I didn’t know that was you.”
To her relief, he didn’t call her on that. But the question remained. Why shop for rings with someone he wasn’t about to marry?
He smiled before he spoke. “To answer your question, no, I’m not engaged.”
He leaned forward. “Now that we’ve settled that matter, I have two tickets to the football match between Jamaica and Peru this weekend, will you come?”
Anya thought for a few seconds before making a quick decision. Maybe she'd get the opportunity to dig into his business a little bit and it wasn’t as if she had anything to do. She hid the sneaky smile trying to break loose, and nodded. “Sure.”
She had some skill on her and could get the answers she needed, but it would be impossible for him to pin her down at the National Stadium amid thousands of noisy, football enthusiasts. Clearly, he wasn’t thinking about that. 
“You live same place?”
She shook her head, scribbled her address on the back of a business card and gave it to him, careful not to brush his fingers. 
“Thanks. I’ll be in touch.” He got up, smiling. “See you on Saturday.”
Anya nodded, mesmerized by the warm smile she remembered so well. 
She watched him leave the office, hoping the commotion in her head would lessen with something this big on the front burner. 
His thin, graceful build stirred emotions she preferred to remain unnamed. Sighing, she reminded herself that their date was headed nowhere. She wouldn’t commit to anyone. Her circumstances ruled out any such thing. She planned to enjoy their outing, and hoped Christophe would be content enough in her company that he’d forget about rehashing the details of their relationship. 
She put aside the file jacket labeled Fidelity Security Services and cupped her face in her hands, studying the navy-leather desktop. Minutes ticked by while she repented her rash decision. 
Nothing good could come of it. 
The door swung open and Monica dashed into the room. The gust created by her movement lifted the pale-blue blinds. They flipped down when she sat. 
Anya opened the first file within reach. “D’you have to move like a tornado all the time?  You frightened the hell out of me just now.”
Monica grinned. “You know me. I move like lightning to stay OTOT.”
“And one day you’ll crash like thunder.” Anya’s brows drew together. “What’s OTOT?”
Anya held up a hand and rolled her eyes. “Never mind.” 
On top of things. Like she wished she was in her pathetic life. 
She took the file Monica held out, laying it open on top of the one she’d just grabbed.  
Had she really told Christophe yes?  Under her breath she said, “Stupid must be my middle name.”
Monica droned on while Anya studied the document in front of her. She blinked and looked up at Monica, who perched on the seat watching her. “So, what d’you think I should do about the claim?”
“Huh?”
Anya prided herself on being professional, so it made her uncomfortable to think that while Monica was discussing business, her mind was roaming elsewhere. What had possessed her to agree to a date?  She was setting Christophe up for more disappointment. 
Her gaze settled on the purple blooms of the orchid that sat on the table in the corner. Christophe had given it to her, and it had lasted a lot longer than their time together. Did he remember when he bought it for her, and had he seen it when he stood in front of the desk? 
She had a sudden, urgent need to be alone. 
“Monica, um, I need to make a call,” Anya lied. “Can you come back in a half-hour or so?”
 “Sure.”
Monica’s cocked head and concerned expression told Anya her strange behavior was obvious. 
When she was alone, Anya let her thoughts take over. She’d be stupid to think she could distract a man as intelligent as Christophe Mondesir with silly excuses.
“This date will get him out of my system once and for all,” she told the room. 
She pushed the hair from her forehead and rubbed both eyes, willing the weight inside her chest to go away, and her inner voice to be silent, but her thoughts ran on unchecked. That’s right, keep on fooling yourself. 
She pushed the chair back, got up and stepped away from the desk. She’d go see what the team was up to—as if they needed watching. 
Yeah, distract yourself and run away, like you always do. 
“Shut up,” Anya mumbled. 
She shrugged her jacket on and walked out of the office, her composure in place. Inside, she berated herself over the stupidity of giving Christophe the chance to destroy the fragile peace she’d worked so hard to win during the past two years. 
She stood in the doorway, tapping her chin with a fingernail. She didn’t have the luxury of playing around. It would destroy her. She had no choice but to call off their date. Having made the decision, she nodded and relief brought a smile to her lips. 
Avoiding Christophe was best for both of them, so that’s what she’d do.

Chapter 3
On the way home, Anya stopped at her mother’s house. After dinner, they talked in the sun-splashed kitchen as they had for many years. When her mother cleared her throat purposefully, Anya hoped she wasn’t in for another earful of Celeste’s latest adventures. 
She should have known better.
Mama touched her arm. “Celeste is losing her mind. I’m almost a hundred percent sure she’s dealing with a married man.” She cracked her knuckles and shook her head before speaking again.” Look how many young men in Jamaica and she have to pick up with somebody’s husband.”
The more upset Mama became, the further she’d descend into Patois.
Anya laid her hands on the placemat and tried to stop Mama’s rant. “I hope you’re not telling me any of this in the hope that I’m going to say anything to her. She won’t listen to a word from me, as you well know.”
“Yes, but—”
“I can’t take on anything else right now, Mama. Celly has to learn from her own mistakes. It’s how you raised her, letting her run loose all over the place. She obviously thinks life is about partying and having a good time. Well, I have news for her. When she get inna some real trouble, tell her don’t call me.”
Mama’s eyes pleaded in tandem with her words. “Penny was involved with a married man and you see what she did?  She killed herself. You want the same thing to happen to your sister?”
Although Penny had died nearly three years ago, Anya often thought about her. Penny had gotten pregnant and found out afterward that her boyfriend was married. She'd committed suicide to escape the problems with her lover’s wife, and her death had devastated Anya and Camille. 
Anya stared into her mother’s lined face. “Mama, you didn’t raise any idiots. Celeste is old enough to know exactly what she’s doing.”
“But if you talk to her as a big sister, maybe it would help.”
Anya doubted Celeste needed to hear any more preaching. If she wasn’t careful, she’d find herself in the same position as Penny, having relationships with unsuitable men. The only advantage for Celeste was that she already had a shrewdness that Penny never learned and which did not sit well on a young woman. 
The front door opened and after a few seconds, the subject of their conversation walked into the room.
“Hey, Mama.” Celeste’s eyes cut to her sister. “Anya.”
“Celeste. What you been up to lately?” Anya asked. 
In her uniform of close-fitting tank top and skin-tight jeans, Celeste looked good. Once again, Anya envied Celeste her sleek figure. She was elegant without trying. The glossy braids with blonde highlights stretched past her waist and complemented her flawless cocoa-toned skin. The only thing marring her beauty was the petulant expression she wore whenever she was in the same space as Anya. 
Celeste approached the table with a smooth stride and an air of antagonism. She believed they talked incessantly about her—which was mostly right, thanks to Mama—so Anya prepared for her sister’s habitual paranoia. She didn’t have long to wait.
Celeste speared their mother with narrowed eyes. “I bet you been telling her my business.”
Anya snorted and hissed her teeth. “The only business you have is to find a job and start being responsible.”
“I pay my share of the bills and you don’t live in this house, therefore, you have no say in what goes on here.”
Despite her intention not to answer, Anya shot back, “Yeah, you pay your share of the bills, but out of somebody else’s pocket. If you had any ambition, you’d get a job and stop sponging off some woman’s husband.”
Celeste put a hand on her cocked hip. “You know what your problem is?  You don’t have a man or a life, so you come over here to get in other people’s business.” She spun to look at their mother. “Mama, why you keep inviting her here?  Why you don’t send her home to her stupid fish so she can stop makin’ my life miserable.”
Anya clenched her jaw, pushed away from the table and slipped the plate she’d used into the sink. “I’ll talk to you later, Mama.”
She brushed past Celeste and stalked to the Jeep. When she sat inside, she fluttered her fingers at her mother, who came to stand in the doorway. Mama waved back, wearing a tense smile.
Anya conceded another victory to Celeste. She knew exactly how to gouge Anya's most painful wound, but Anya would never admit that her sister’s words cut deep. The pointlessness of her existence was something she didn’t care to dwell on. 
In her discussions with Camille, Anya never admitted that with time she'd gained a better understanding of what had motivated Penny to end her life. Thoughts of suicide dogged Anya every day. The nameless, accompanying fear and a sense of approaching disaster didn’t help her state of mind. 
Was she having panic attacks?  Over what?  Maybe seeing Christophe had made her anxious. She tried to remember what she'd read about the symptoms, but came up blank. She’d have to do some research. 
She spied the Devon House sign coming up on the left and turned into the property on impulse. A famous landmark, the premises housed various businesses, including the home of what Anya considered the best ice cream on the island.
She parked, spent more time than necessary inside the shop deciding which flavor she wanted, and then indulged her craving by settling on Butter Almond.
As a diversionary tactic, the ice cream detour didn’t quite work. Her thoughts continued to churn in a restless tide, giving her no respite, and the crunchy waffle cone went flat and tasteless. Her shoulders drooped at the thought of the mental battle to come as evening stretched into night.
Taming Celeste




Mark hovered close to the edge while Celeste clung to him, demanding his release.
If he didn’t think of something fast, he’d make a crash landing.
Within seconds, a haunting pictorial swam behind his eyelids—bloody eyeballs hanging from their sockets, a network of stab wounds, and finally, the crimson edges of a slashed throat.
Six years earlier, a hit man murdered his friend Trevor on Xantrope. Trevor’s screams rang in Mark’s ears, threatening to unman him. He put the execution out of his mind, because if he lost it now, Celeste would kill him.
She met his eyes, brows knitted. “Mark!”
Satisfaction swept through him. At this moment, he was the only man who mattered.
She purred low in her throat, sank her nails in his sides, and shuddered beneath him.
He let himself go.
When he could think again, he tried to get up, struggling to free himself from her limbs wrapped around him. He avoided her eyes, what he would see in them—triumph at the passion, almost akin to violence, that she stirred in him.
Nobody should have that much power over him.
She had not committed to an exclusive relationship with him, nor had he made any claims on her. Why then did his insides blister whenever he thought about her with anybody else?  He shoved that thought aside. He had too much at stake to tie himself down. Besides, Celeste had a wild side, and he wouldn’t be around long enough to tame her.
Her expression unnerved him; slight smile on her face, eyes hooded, but glinting as though she’d sunk a Jamaican flag in the soil of an uncharted island.
The whir of the fan cut in on his musing, and he ran a hand down her thigh. The waning sun burnished her skin to the hue of a milky cup of cocoa.
She kissed his cheek, and moaned in his ear. He shifted his weight to avoid crushing her slender body, and snuggled against her shoulder, unable to deny the comfort she brought him, even if she drove him mad half the time.
She smoothed his hair, and murmured words he didn’t hear.
While he savored that peaceful moment, snapshots of brilliant-white beaches, lush valleys, undulating riverbeds, and jagged mountain ranges filled his vision. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts wander.
Careless living cost him five years in exile. The man who forced him to leave his beloved home was dead, along with Mark’s friends.
Mark had tried everything possible to adjust to life in Cayman. Still, his spirit had grown restless.
Xantrope was calling him.
It was time to go home.
Contraband



As master of his destiny, Paul Weekes does what is necessary to survive.
He makes his own fortune, but his luck changes when hijackers target his illicit shipments. He has no proof, but suspects the police officer who facilitates his exports off the island of Xantrope has turned on him. To make things worse, Paul's ne'er-do-well cousin is accidentally involved in a gang murder, and a hit is put on him. A budding romance with the cop's niece adds more complication.
Janine refuses to accept Paul's way of life, but inadvertently becomes a victim of his lifestyle. Thrust into kidnapping, double cross and murder, Paul must choose between a relationship with Janine and staying alive long enough to change the course of his future.

Meet the Author



J.L. Campbell is an award-winning, Jamaican writer who is always on the look-out for story-making material.
She writes romantic suspense, women's fiction and young adult novels. She is the author of Christine’s Odyssey, Contraband, Dissolution, Distraction, Don't Get Mad...Get Even, Kicked to the Kerb, Hardware (written under the pen name Jayda McTyson) Saving Sam and Retribution. 
You can connect with her on Twitter @JL_Campbell or on Facebook.

Table of Contents

First Encounter
The First Date
Port Royal by Night
Realization
Confrontation
Exposure
Acceptance
Chasing Anya 
Taming Celeste
Contraband
Meet the Author

