




Entangled Moments
(Moments in Time #1)
By Dori Lavelle

Copyright © 2013 by Dori Lavelle
All Rights Reserved.

Smashwords Edition

Cover Art: Najla Qamber
Editors: Leah Wohl-Pollack and Samantha Gordon
Formatting: IndieMobi (indiemobi.wordpress.com)

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
The scanning, uploading and distribution of this book via the internet or any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.

Smashwords License
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Book Description
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
A Note from the Author

Book Description

A deadly accident can take a life in more than one way.

Four years ago, Carlene Adams made a deadly mistake. A tragic accident derailed the future she’d hoped for, taking the life of the man she’d planned to spend forever with.

As a self-imposed penance for her solitary sin, Carlene has given up on every dream she ever had. She has committed to spend every remaining moment trying to make up for that one instance when everything changed.

Then she gets a second chance.

When Carlene meets Nick Johnson, the single kiss they share awakens the desires she shoved aside for so long. Suddenly she wants more than what she believe she deserves. Will she ever see him again?

A thing of fate.

Leaving the life she built on regret, Carlene waits for fate to intervene. But just as she begins to believe in a fresh start, she’s forced to realize a horrible truth—one with the power to send her second chance crashing before it even takes off.

Nick isn’t who she thought he was. She isn’t the girl he believed her to be, either. Their lives were intertwined even before they met, and if Carlene tells him the truth, she’ll risk tearing them apart—for good.

Chapter One

Lids heavy with sleep, I pulled myself to a sitting position. My toes curled as my feet made contact with the cool, tiled floor. Start of summer, and yet the sleeping hall never warmed up.
I shivered as I ran the palms of my hands over my bed sheet, smoothing out the wrinkles of the night.
Time to wake Melisa, whose bed was positioned to the right of mine. We both relied on my cell phone alarm, but Melisa didn’t respond to the ringing.
“Melisa, wake up,” I said, approaching her bed.
“Go to hell.” She pulled the threadbare blanket tighter around her petite body.
“Come on, we’re on breakfast duty.”
She sighed, and shoved the blanket from her body. Her sluggish movements roused suspicion inside me. “You had a drink last night, didn’t you?”
“Do I look drunk to you?” Her heavy lashes flew up to reveal bloodshot eyes.
“Yes, you do.” I hated to think what alcohol would do to her beauty. Even after all she’d gone through, at thirty-four, Melisa Bergfeld’s beauty hadn’t faded. Her amber eyes, fiery hair, and curves in all the right places made most everyone look twice. I, on the other hand, was tall and slim with minimal curves and full auburn hair that lacked luster. But I wouldn’t trade my baby blue eyes for anything. They reminded me of the mother I’d never known. All memories of my biological parents were photographs.
My parents died in a car crash when I was two, and I grew up in The Serendipity Sunshine Orphanage and later with several foster parents. My last foster family cared for me as if I were their own. They moved to Germany—my foster mother’s home country—when I moved out at eighteen.
“One beer, that’s all,” Melisa admitted as she folded her blanket carefully. It was one of the Oasis Shelter rules for neatness. All beds should be well-made, and sleeping areas tidy at all times.
On our way to the bathroom, we walked down the aisle created by thirty beds, fifteen on each side.
The female staff bathroom had two shower cubicles, a sink, and a toilet with a broken cover. Nothing fancy, but at least it was clean. Unlike the two residents’ bathrooms. No matter how much they were scrubbed down, the mildew, grime, and dried globs of toothpaste never disappeared from the walls and sinks.
“Morning, Suzie. Hi, Jade.” The two women, both in their early thirties, stood at the sink, brushing their teeth. They nodded at my greeting.
“I need a strong coffee. My head is about to explode.” Melisa’s back slumped against the wall, as we waited for our turn at the sink.
“What you need is to stop drinking.” I extracted her toothbrush from her hand and squeezed toothpaste on it.
“I’ll stop tomorrow.” She wrapped one of her red pigtails around her hand.
“Isn’t that what you always say?” Lauren finger-combed her short, spiky black hair.
“And I mean it every time,” Melisa retorted. “What’s it to you, anyway? At least I’m not a crack addict.”
“You know very well I kicked the habit years ago.”
“Once a drug addict, always a drug addict.” When Melisa was drunk or hungover, her fuse was as short as a matchstick.
“Same as a drunk.” Jade intervened to defend her friend, but then sighed. “We’re just trying to help.”
“You can help a lot by butting out of my business.”
Jade and Lauren both shook their heads and left the bathroom.
“Melisa, we’re all in Oasis to heal. Putting each other down only worsens things.” I handed her back the toothbrush.
“I know. That Lauren just drives me mad sometimes. Come on, let’s finish up here.”

***

Two other women were on duty with us in the kitchen—Rory, a resident, and Lynnette Magill, a frail woman with grey hair who founded the shelter.
By quarter to six, two large pots of coffee and two of tea stood on the scarred wooden table next to the kitchen entrance. Melisa sliced the bread, and I smeared the slices with peanut butter and strawberry jam. Halfway through, my knife scraped the bottom of the jam jar. At Oasis, that spelled disaster. Some residents would throw a tantrum if they didn’t have their bread with both jam and peanut butter, as they were used to. It had happened before—some disgruntled resident got aggressive and threw a punch at one of the helpers.
Working at Oasis could be dangerous sometimes, and exhausting, what with the long hours. But nothing could compare to the feeling of being there for people in need. In my case, it was also an opportunity to hide from the past and atone for my sins. By helping others get by, I helped myself. The more strenuous the work, the better. It gave me less time to think, to remember.
“I guess you’ll have to run to Shop ‘n’ Carry,” Lynnette said in her deep voice, unexpected for such a small woman. “Three jars should be enough. I’m sending out some orders on Wednesday.”
The Serendipity Shop ‘n’ Carry chain of grocery stores had once belonged to Matthew Magill, Lynnette’s father. Though he had sold the chain at a nice profit, it still occasionally donated food to Oasis.
Getting out sounded perfect. I’d already planned to go out for my monthly prayer at Grace Chapel.

***

I descended the front steps two at a time, and hurried down the street, past The Rising Dough. The door to the bakery was half open, and the aroma of cinnamon bread wafted out. My mouth watered, so I increased my pace to avoid being lured in by the smell. As I neared the chapel, I considered going in but then decided to stop by on my way back. When I spotted a queue that started at the door of Patty’s Petals, cut across the pavement, and stretched all the way into the street, I slowed down. Cars honked, and people laughed and talked, excitement dripping from their voices.
Patty, her breasts spilling out of a too-small dress, handed out bouquets of flowers and single roses. Today was her favorite day. The Rose Petal Festival occurred every year on the first day of summer, drawing people from not only Serendipity and other towns in Door County, but from the rest of Wisconsin. A yearly tradition, attended by lovers and seekers of love. People brought food, drink, music, and of course, rose petals from loved ones and admirers to sprinkle into Lake Serendipity at midnight—a wish for good fortune in love. It wasn’t my favorite day, though. The Festival reminded me only of the day Chris died. But I had to find a way to get through it.
“Excuse me.” I pushed my way through the queue, breaking it into two.
Twenty minutes later, I was headed back to Oasis. With every step, the jars of jam chinked against each other inside my carrier bag as I quickened my step.
But I stopped abruptly in front of the chapel, my stomach clenched with tension.
A black Porsche was parked near the entrance. Expensive cars were a rarity in this part of Serendipity.
Brushing aside my surprise, I lugged the jam jars—and my heart—up the cracked steps and pushed open the heavy wooden door. The cool interior smelled of burning candles and comfort.
I parted my lips and slowly breathed out.
For years, I’d lived life holding my breath, except when I came here once a month to exhale. I wouldn’t call myself a religious person, even if I did believe in God and had attended a church service every Sunday as a child with Aunt Deena from the orphanage. But today, as always, I longed for the soothing power of prayer.
I slipped into the last pew to the right and placed my bag on the burnished wooden seat, next to a leather-bound hymnbook. The chink of glass against glass rang out and echoed in the silent chapel. I looked up, ready to apologize if I’d disturbed someone’s quiet moment.
Apart from a tall, suited man lighting a candle at a stand near the altar, the church was isolated. He didn’t turn from the dancing flame of the candle. But his broad shoulders slumped forward, and he shook his head as if unwilling to come to terms with something.
Relieved not to have disturbed him, I clasped my hands and closed my eyes to see the darkness in my soul. All I remembered were the events of that fateful day.
Tears stung the backs of my eyes and then spilled out, unhindered, warming my cheeks and dripping onto my hands. With every drop that fell, guilt and regret shredded my insides.
I opened my mouth to pray, but the words froze inside my throat. After all this time, I still found it difficult to put into words what I’d done. Every time I came here, words failed me, and I ended up praying without them, asking silently for the forgiveness I could never give myself.
A lot could happen in four years. People forget and move on, start over. Yet I found it hard to unglue myself from the past. How could I move on with the guilt weighing me down?
Did I even deserve a new start?
Blinding grief ripped through my chest and stomach as I returned to that morning. The one that had shattered me in every way possible, erased any chance of me ever living a normal life again.
“Are you all right?”
I wiped the tears from my face and looked up into eyes that sparkled in the dim lighting. They belonged to someone who smelled of fresh linen and vanilla. The man who, a few minutes ago, had been lighting a candle.
“I’m fine. Thank you.” My cheeks flushed.
I quickly picked up my things and headed for the opposite end of the pew, down the aisle, and back out the door into the morning sunshine. Pausing on the steps, I steadied myself.
“You didn’t look okay back there.”
I wheeled around and met the most vivid emerald eyes. I used to think my ex, Chris, had the most gorgeous eyes. They were the same shade of green. But this man’s were captivating, electric.
My gaze slid to his full and well-shaped lips, the strong, square chin with a hint of a dimple in the center. A current raced through me, almost knocking me over.
Attempting nonchalance, I leaned against the brick wall and sucked in a breath. “I’m fine. I appreciate your concern.”
His lips stretched into a dimpled smile, and to my horror, he wiped a remnant tear from my cheek. “People who are fine don’t shed these.” He paused. “Unless they’re happy, of course. But I don’t think you are.”
Goose pimples prickled my arms, and I looked away. “I have to go.” Unburdening my problems on a stranger wasn’t in my plans. Not even if the stranger was a handsome one. Why would I tell him what I preferred to keep hidden, forgotten?
He gazed at his watch and then back up at me. “Look, you clearly need someone to talk to. So do I. I know I’m a stranger, but I’m a nice stranger. I promise. How about a quick coffee?”
I tightened my grip on the strap of my grocery bag. I wanted to walk away from this man. I knew I had to return to the shelter with the jam, but...
“Okay.” The word surprised both me and the stranger. Neither of us had expected me to accept his offer. But something about him made it impossible for me to walk away.

Chapter Two

The Coffee Dash was his café of choice.
I breathed in the aroma of coffee and chocolate as we walked past the cash register, positioned next to a display case filled with brownies, cupcakes, and cookies on one side and sandwiches on the other. The handsome stranger caught the eye of just about every woman in the café. In a way, it made me feel special to be the woman by his side. Even if I had no idea who he was.
“Table at the back, please,” he said to a bulbous-nosed waitress who wouldn’t stop gawking at him. How rude. If I were his girlfriend, I’d have been offended.
The waitress ignored a couple beckoning for her at another table and led us to a booth in the back. She handed me a menu, but her gaze stayed fixed on my companion’s face. When she went to give him his own menu, she dropped it. Her hands were actually shaking.
The man picked up the laminated menu and handed it back to her. “I don’t need this, thank you. Bring me a strong coffee with milk. No sugar.”
“I’ll have the same.” I said. I had just about enough money in my purse for coffee.
The waitress nodded at him. I’d be surprised if she remembered my order.
As soon as the waitress left, he asked me, “So, why do you look so sad?”
I swallowed hard and forced myself to remain calm. Normally, simple questions called for simple answers. Not in this case. I rarely talked about this to anyone, except Lynnette and Melisa, and of course the therapist who volunteered at the shelter once a week. “Who were you lighting a candle for?” I asked, to give myself time to think.
“I asked you a question first. But okay, let’s start with me.” A trace of humor laced his voice, but his expression darkened. “I was lighting a candle for my brother. He died a few years ago. The memorial was held at Grace Chapel.”
“I’m so sorry for your loss.”
“Thank you.” He cleared his throat. “Your turn.”
“Well.” I reached for a napkin and twisted it between my fingers. “It’s hard to...”
“Confide in a stranger?”
“Yes,” I admitted. It was hard confiding in anyone.
He slid forward in his chair, and his knee brushed mine under the table. “I’m Nick, if that makes me seem less like a stranger.”
“I’m Carlene.” An involuntary smile curled my lips. “And yes, it does help to know your name.” I paused, trying to find the right words. “A few years ago, my boyfriend passed away. The memorial was also held at Grace Chapel.”
“Please accept my condolences.” Tenderness filled his green eyes.
At that moment, the waitress appeared with two cups and placed them in front of us.
“I’m sorry, but I didn’t order tea,” I said. “I wanted a coffee.”
“Really? I’m pretty sure you ordered—”
“Excuse me,” Nick looked up at the waitress. “Sally, is it?”
She glanced at the name tag on the lapel of her shirt, as though confirming her own name. “Yes, sir.”
“Well, Lauren. My friend did order coffee. Would you mind getting it for her, please?”
“Of course, sir.”
A moment later, she came back with the coffee. “I’m sorry about the confusion, ma’am.”
“No problem,” I said, and she left.
“Death is not an easy thing to come to terms with.” Nick said, picking up where we’d left off. “Especially if you lose someone close. It’s so final.” He lifted his coffee to his lips and drank, despite the steam curling up from the cup.
Especially if you watch someone die before your eyes, I thought. “I’d never experienced anything so painful before.”
Nick lowered his cup to the table and reached out, paused, then squeezed my hand. He released it almost immediately, but I wished he had lingered for just a moment longer.
“Do you visit Grace Chapel often?” I asked.
“No, it brings back too many painful memories...regrets. I was on my way to work when I spotted the chapel and decided to light a candle for my brother.” For an instant, Nick’s features hardened. He raked a hand through his chestnut hair and furrowed his brow.
“It can’t be easy, losing a brother.”
“I wish I’d had more time with him. I guess you and I were meant to meet, to comfort each other. It helps to talk to someone who’s lost a person close to them.”
“Maybe.” I blew on my coffee and sipped. Still too hot. How did Nick manage to drink his?
“How did he die, your boyfriend?”
His question snapped me back to reality. “I’d rather not talk about that.” My voice wavered. What was wrong with me, talking to a stranger about this? Even if I never saw him again, he would still know what I’d done.
I extracted my purse from the grocery bag and scrambled for coins to pay for my coffee.
“Allow me.” Nick drained his coffee and dug in his pocket. Discreetly, he produced a wad of notes wrapped around each other. His hands half hidden under the table, he peeled off a hundred-dollar bill and placed it on the table between our cups. The coffee wouldn’t even cost ten dollars. For a moment, I wished I were Sally the waitress.
I stood, my eyes still glued to the money on the table. “Thanks for the talk.” I looked briefly at him and then stepped away. Then I slipped on something and went flying. I let out a squeal, anticipating the back of my head hitting the ceramic tiles. Instead, I fell into Nick’s arms.
His firm muscles contracted as he lifted me up to a standing position. “Careful.” His breath warmed my neck, awakening butterflies in the pit of my stomach. A smile tipped the corners of his full lips, and dimples appeared on both cheeks. No wonder I had found him attractive. I had always been a dimples and gorgeous eyes kind of girl.
I should have gotten out of the cradle of his arms immediately, but my body wouldn’t cooperate with my head. It had been a long time since I’d felt so safe in someone’s arms.
When Nick lowered his lips to mine and kissed me, I didn’t flinch. His kiss was a whisper at first, as if he was testing me to see if I’d fight him. When I didn’t, he gently nibbled my lips and probed my tongue with his.
My stomach swirled and somewhere inside my head, a tiny voice reprimanded me. I pretended not to hear. My body felt as if it had been plugged into an electrical outlet. I returned his kiss fervently. Nothing about this felt wrong. In fact, nothing had ever felt so right.
From a distance, people talked, someone slurped a drink, coins jingled, and a love song played in the background.
I wound my arms around Nick’s neck, and he buried his hands in my hair, unraveling it from its ponytail.
Suddenly, he pulled away, still gazing at me. His arms were still around my waist. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to...”
“It’s... It’s okay.” I bit my lip, relishing the remains of our coffee kiss.
His arms dropped to his sides, and he pushed his hands into his pockets, as if to restrain them. “I never do things like that. You are so...beautiful.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry. That should never have happened.”
Words were lodged in my throat. I wanted to say that I didn’t regret what happened. That he’d made me feel alive again, if just for a moment.
Though the kiss invigorated me, the shame of kissing a total stranger washed over me. I felt like a teenager who couldn’t keep her emotions in check.
It was just that he’d caught me from more than falling to the floor. He’d also caught me from crashing down into depression, as I usually did on this day every year.
“I should go.” He lifted his suit jacket from the back of a chair and shrugged it on. “It was nice meeting you.” He strode out of the café, leaving me standing there with one hand clutching the edge of the table for balance.
The gears in my head clicked forward again and I remembered Oasis, breakfast, the residents. The clock above the jukebox confirmed that I had been away for at least an hour.
I grabbed my belongings and hurried past the banana peel that had caused my fall, and past Sally, who stood at the cash register, mouth open. She had obviously witnessed what had just happened between Nick and me.
Why did she look so shocked? Things like this happened all the time. Maybe not to me, but to a lot of other people.
When it came to dating and relationships, I had always been the type to take things slow. Chris and I had gone on three dates before I allowed him to kiss me on the lips. In fact, he was the only man I’d been with, in every way. The love of my life. But although I’d found him extremely attractive the first time we’d met in the parking lot of Shop ‘n’ Carry, the attraction hadn’t been a bolt of lightning.
He hadn’t made me feel the way Nick just had.

Chapter Three

As I helped with breakfast, I couldn’t stop thinking about Nick and the most amazing kiss I’d ever had, hands down. Nick had awakened feelings inside of me I thought would remain dormant forever.
Not that I hadn’t met men interested in me. I did, especially at Joe’s Steaks, where I waitressed in the evenings for spending money, since I volunteered for free at Oasis. I just never showed interest in any of them. I was responsible for the death of the man I’d intended on spending the rest of my life with. Did I deserve to find love with another?
Or so I’d thought. Meeting Nick was starting to make me question the decision I made to distance myself from happiness.
I smeared bread slices with peanut butter and handed them to Lynnette, who smeared them with jam and served the hungry people lined up in front of us.
When all the residents had been served, Lynnette left to retrieve their bags, which were kept in lockers behind the front desk, and to wish each of them a nice day. As if she were sending her children off to school. In a way, they were her children. Her infertility had been the reason her husband had left her ten years ago. Instead of pining after what she couldn’t have, she used the money she’d inherited from her father and opened the shelter, to which she dedicated her life.
During my time at Oasis, I learned homelessness had many faces. Some of the people we served weren’t what you’d expect; they had jobs, some of which even required wearing a suit and sitting behind a desk. The problem was, their wages were minimal and they couldn’t afford a place to stay or were saving up for one. Lynnette allowed each resident to stay for six months, to sort out their lives, before moving on to make space for someone else.
Oasis offered food and a bed, but also advice. Therapists, career advisors, and even doctors volunteered at the shelter several times a week. Those who received career advice were required, on a weekly basis, to inform the advisors of their progress toward changing their lives.
I helped Melisa serve the leftover coffee. Then we collected the pails filled with dirty mugs and carried them to the kitchen for washing. Melisa left to clean the tables in the cafeteria, and I stayed behind to load the dishwasher.
“Carlene?” A raspy male voice called from the door.
“Donny, I haven’t seen you in ages. Where have you been?”
Donny was a burly fifty-year-old man with a bushy beard and long hair he kept tied back with a black ribbon. He was one of my favorite residents; I was the one who found him on the streets and brought him to Oasis. A simple gesture from him never failed to lift my spirits—a thank you, a smile, a bar of chocolate bought with money he didn’t have. I suppose it was his way of thanking me.
Hidden behind his ready smiles, Donny was a recovering drug addict who’d lost everything to the addiction—his job as a manager at The Roll & Dice, his family, his friends. It took overdosing and a near-death experience to shake him awake.
“I was away for a while, making plans,” Donny answered.
I raised one eyebrow. “Plans?”
“And they were successful. I’m leaving Oasis.” A row of white teeth appeared between his beard and moustache. “I wanted to say goodbye.”
I wiped my hands on a dishcloth. “That’s right. Your six months are up. I can’t believe how time flies.” Despite being happy that he was moving on, I’d miss having him around.
“I got my old job back, and I signed up for an addiction recovery program. It’s held at Annie’s Dance Hall once a week.”
I was thrilled he was taking control of his life, although a job in a casino seemed questionable for a recovering addict. But he looked so happy and determined. Hopefully he’d be strong enough to resist temptation. “I’m sure you’ll do great. I’m so proud of you.”
“I’ll be better than fine. My daughter, Hope, is allowing me to stay with her until I get back on my feet.”
“I’m so glad.” I walked over and embraced him. A tear dripped onto my cheek.
When I’d found Donny sleeping on the sidewalk, between The Roll & Dice and Maggy’s Hair Salon, he’d reeked of booze, sweat, and urine. Now he smelled only of soap and optimism.
“Have a good life.”
“Thank you, Carlene. I hope you find your happiness again.”
I broke the embrace. I’d never told him much about my life, but I guess sadness, like joy, is hard to hide. “Thank you. Goodbye, Donny.”
“Hang on a second, I’ve something for you.” He disappeared from the kitchen and returned a moment later with a lush, white rose. “This is as pure as your heart.”
“I appreciate it,” I said, squeezing his shoulder.
“Have fun spreading those petals at the festival.”
I gave him a bittersweet smile. “I won’t be going.” The Rose Petal Festival wasn’t the best place to be if you were single.
“Well, then, dry it and take it along next year. You can throw both fresh and dried petals into the lake. Has the same magic.”
“I will.”

***

By nine, only a handful of people were left in the Resident Hall. Some of the residents were reading, praying, meditating, or just staring into space.
I went to my bed and sank down on it. The springs sighed in response to my weight. Melisa and I both started out as residents. We’d arrived the same morning and were friends by nightfall. She had been my rock through my worst depression ever—during my first week at Oasis—the one that almost drove me to give up on life altogether. In fact, I’d gone as far as swallowing sleeping pills and going to bed as usual. But Melisa noticed something was wrong with my breathing and called for help in time to save my life.
After six months of therapy, the scars still hadn’t healed, but I found a way to trudge on. But when the six months were up and we were required to leave, I had nowhere to go. I pleaded with Lynnette to let me and Melisa stay on as helpers.
I drew my knees to my chest and hugged them, rocking back and forth.
Melisa walked into the room and sat next to me. “Talk.”
“I’ve nothing to say.”
“Bullshit. Today is the day. Of course you have something to say.”
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
“Tell me what you told me last year at this time.”
“I still feel guilty, Melisa. I don’t think I’ll ever get over it.”
“Did you go to the chapel?”
“Yes.” I rubbed my temples.
“It didn’t help, did it?”
“Not really.”
“Well, then I’ll tell you the same thing I always tell you.” She grasped my hand. “You are a good person. You’re carrying guilt that’s not yours to carry. What happened was not your fault. If it were, you’d be in jail right now.”
“I know that. But it doesn’t change the facts.”
“I’m not saying it does. Just stop wasting your life. You’re only twenty-nine. You can start over, create a great life for yourself.”
“Time spent helping others is not wasted.”
“It is if you’re doing it to punish yourself. You’re beautiful and smart, and you deserve way more than this.”
I leaned against her. “So do you. You’re wasting your life as well.”
“I had a good life and lost it. There’s nothing out there for me. Not anymore.”
“I think you’re wrong. But you’ll never know unless you try.”
“Did you light a candle for my husband and baby?”
“No, I’m so sorry. Someone distracted me.”
Five years ago, Melisa’s husband, a fireman, had died rescuing an old woman from a burning building. At the time, they’d been married for three years and were awaiting their first child. After losing the love of her life, she suffered a miscarriage that shattered the remains of her heart. Apparently, before it all happened, she’d been a devoted Christian and went to church every Sunday. After, she turned her back on God and turned instead to drink and gambling.
Not long after, Melisa lost everything she owned and turned to stealing as a way to feed her addictions. With help from Oasis, she had stopped gambling, but still had an occasional drink.
“Didn’t you say the church is usually isolated during the week?”
“Well, not today.”
Melisa rose and went to lie on her own bed, hands clasped at her chest. “So, what happened?”
“He heard me crying and asked if I was okay. I told him I was, then I walked out.”
Melisa propped herself up on an elbow, facing me. “So, it was a him? Was he handsome?”
I bit my lip and nodded.
“And you still ran away. How many men are you going to run from?”
Averting my gaze, I fluffed my pillow, even though it didn’t need it.
“Carlene,” Melisa said slowly. “This man you met was different, wasn’t he?”
“What do you mean?” An involuntary smile spread across my face.
She tossed her pillow at me, and I giggled. “You like him.”
“What makes you say that?”
“He made your day a little easier. This time last year, as soon as your tasks were completed, you locked yourself in the bathroom. Your eyes were so swollen they looked like golf balls. He comforted you.”
I tossed the pillow back at her and laughed. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I can read you from a mile away. Stop denying it. You’re smitten, you little kitten.”
“What if I am? It doesn’t change anything.”
“Yes, it does. For as long as I’ve known you, I haven’t seen you smile like this. This man changed something inside of you.”
I concealed a grin with my hand. “He kissed me.” I couldn’t help it—I had to tell someone before I burst.
Melisa clapped her hands. “He liked you too. How romantic. How did he kiss you? Did he just come up and smooch you?”
“He invited me for a coffee. We talked for a while, and when I was leaving, I slipped on a banana peel. He caught me and we kissed.”
“Like in the movies.” Melisa’s eyes lit up. “Love at first sight. I’m sure he can’t wait to see you again. Please tell me you gave him your number.”
“I didn’t get the chance to give it to him. We parted so suddenly. Anyway, maybe he just felt like kissing a random girl.”
“Find out. Go to the chapel every day if you have to, at the same time. See if he shows up again. If he wants to see you again, he might.”
Butterflies fluttered inside my stomach. “I’m not going to force anything. If we’re meant to meet again, we will.” After all, we lived in a town called Serendipity, and with no more than two thousand residents, it was more than likely.
“Sometimes in life you have to make things happen yourself. To hell with fate and all that nonsense.”
“I’m not going to look for him, Melisa.”
“Then do something else for me.” Melisa’s face turned serious. “See this as a sign to move on. Go out there. Get a proper job and a place to stay. Start over. Don’t let it be too late for you, too.”
“It isn’t too late for you, Melisa. We can start over together.”
Melisa shook her head. “No, we can’t. I can’t. Now, come on, do this for me. Try living a normal life for six months. If you don’t like it, you can come back. I’m sure Lynnette will always welcome you back with open arms.”
Defeated, I threw my hands in the air. “Fine. Six months. Just to get you off my back.”

Chapter Four

Lynnette fully supported my decision to move out. She assured me, just as Melisa said she would, that there would always be a place for me at Oasis.
In the evening, as usual, I waitressed at Joe’s Steaks across the street. This time, instead of disappearing after my shift, I went to talk to Joe about giving me a full-time job. He’d proposed it on several occasions, but working at Oasis had always been my priority. It was my lifeline, the place that kept me sane, and I hadn’t been ready to cut that rope just yet.
Unfortunately, my timing was bad. Joe no longer needed an additional full-time waitress, and I had to look elsewhere. After pounding the streets for a week, I finally found a job waitressing at the Surry Hotel restaurant. I’d have loved to work at the Serendipity Lux Hotel on the other side of the street, but working in a luxury hotel required years of experience, which I lacked.
My shift started before I had finished shaking the manager’s hand.
Next on my to-do list was finding a place to stay.

***

I climbed out of the taxi and stepped into the filthiest part of town. Two men were sprawled out on the pavement, and beggars sat cross-legged on the curb. I tossed a few coins into several coffee cups. I’d been there.
Pressing my purse close to my body, I crossed the street. A car whizzed by, ignoring a red light, and almost ran me over. I sprang away in time and landed on my bum. Unfazed, I stood and dusted myself off. Nothing would stop me from reaching my destination.
The apartment building was tucked between a laundromat and a strip club.
The caretaker, a man with crow’s feet and a widow’s peak opened the door with one hand. He held a chipped coffee mug in the other.
“I’m here to see the room that’s being advertised.” 
He extracted a set of keys from his pocket. “Sure, follow me.”
“Do you have a job?” he asked, as we climbed the worn-out stairs.
Dust particles rose and tickled my nostrils to a sneeze. “Excuse me.” I sniffed. “Yes, I do have a job.”
The man nodded and stopped at the door marked 3. “Come on, then. Let me show you the room. See if you like it.”
The room was tiny and airless with a threadbare carpet. Mismatched pieces of furniture stood in odd places, as if someone had been in the process of rearranging them and changed their mind.
Walking through the sitting room, I ignored the spring sticking through the shabby striped couch. Inside the kitchenette, I ran a finger across the top of the small fridge with a missing handle. At least the place was clean. Besides, it was simply a place to start.
“There’s a shared bathroom at the end of the hallway and a kitchen on the main floor.” The caretaker gulped down his coffee.
Having lived in an orphanage and a homeless shelter, I had no problem with sharing. As long as, at the end of the day, I had privacy in my own room. This was better than living on the street.
Six months after we’d started dating, Chris had suggested I move in with him. He insisted on taking care of me, paying all the bills, working as a self-employed IT specialist, while I spent the money I earned waitressing on college tuition. We lived together for two years. He proposed on our second anniversary. Four months later, I lost him and was thrown out of our apartment in the thick of night. Apparently, he hadn’t paid the rent for several months. With no one to turn to and little money, I spent two nights on the street. Then Lynnette found me and offered me a place to stay. Unable to afford my studies, I dropped out of college and moved to the shelter permanently.
Or not so permanently, I thought, looking around me.
“You’ll find no cheaper fully furnished room around here,” the caretaker said.
Having read through other adverts, I agreed. “How much is the deposit?”
“Four months’ rent.”
Since I’d had no major financial responsibilities on my shoulders at Oasis, so my meager waitressing salary had accumulated enough for me to pay rent for a couple of months. But I wasn’t ready to hand over more than three months’ deposit.
“Are you interested?”
“Yes, but I can only give you three months’ deposit. I just started my job, and I haven’t been paid yet.”
He raised a bushy eyebrow. “I’m afraid you have to pay the full deposit in cash.”
“I understand, but I don’t have much money on me right now. But I can get it. I need a few days.” My voice broke. I was venturing into the unknown, and the money I had on me, however little, was my only security.
He scratched the bald island on his head and sighed. “What’s your name?”
“Carlene Adams.” I paused. “I need a place to stay tonight. I—”
“Have nowhere to go?” He finished my sentence, as if he’d heard it all before.
“Yes,” I lied. Oasis would always take me back, but I wanted to prove to Lynnette and Melisa that I could survive outside its walls.
The caretaker studied my face for a while and placed his mug on top of the fridge. “I’m not supposed to do this, Carlene, but you seem like a nice, honest person. Give me what you have and pay the rest within a month, along with the first rent payment.” 
“Thank you so much...”
“George,” he said with a toothless smile. 
“George.” I grinned. “I’ll get you the money, I promise.”
“Good. The room is yours. You can move in anytime.”
Ten minutes later, I’d signed a lease, handed George the money I had, and flew out of the building. I felt so good; I could almost pretend to be normal, like everyone else I passed on the street.
As planned, I moved into my new apartment before nightfall.
In the middle of the night, while lying on my bed, I thought of Nick. I had no idea who he was, where he was from, or what such an expensive-looking man had been doing in a small chapel in the poorer section of Serendipity. But in a strange way, I missed him—as if he had been a piece of me that had gone missing.

Chapter Five

As the last dinner guests left, I sighed and began rinsing the glasses behind the bar while my colleague, a German woman with a svelte figure and a limited English vocabulary, counted her tips at a corner table. I had made good tips myself. Sometimes during my breaks, I would sneak to the toilets to count them. I’d been working at the Surry Hotel for a month, and the tips covered half of my rent. As promised, I’d paid George what I owed him, which pleased him so much, he offered me an old television set he wasn’t using.
In the changing rooms, I slipped out of my black-and-white uniform and into my own clothes—a pair of jeans and a beige T-shirt. Finally, I combed the knots out of my long hair and redid my ponytail. I looked forward to a quiet night at home with a pizza and an episode of Friends.
Outside, I stopped at the entrance and inhaled the warm summer night air. I was startled when a woman who smelled of lilies bumped right into me.
“Excuse me.” She gave me an apologetic smile and hurried off to a red Mercedes parked across the street, in front of the Lux Hotel.
I stared after her, admiring her flowing hair, which looked like spun gold in the moonlight. She had to be in her fifties, and looked amazing.
The woman slid into the backseat of the car and leaned forward toward the man behind the wheel. He must have said something funny because she threw back her head and laughed.
How would it feel to laugh like that, with no shadows of the past hanging over my head?
As I moved forward, I stepped on something bulky. I looked down to see a sleek leather purse. The woman must have dropped it when we collided. Her car was still sitting there. If I hurried, I could return it to her.
How much money could be inside? Curiosity drove me to pick it up and take a peek. I blinked as a wad of bills enticed me.
A sudden thought crossed my mind. I could take it all. The woman might not even notice the purse was missing until later. Finders keepers, right? I could just walk away. The thought of what I could do with the money skyrocketed my heart rate. I’d be able to pay my rent and save what I earned instead.
Suppressing my surfacing guilt, I began walking deliberately in the direction opposite the woman’s parked car. But then I halted. I couldn’t do it. I wasn’t a thief, and I’d done enough wrongs in my life.
If I walked away with the money, the guilt would eat away at me forever. Just like Chris’s death. From the looks of her, the owner might not need the money as much as I did, but it would be wrong to take it. It wasn’t mine.
I swiveled on my heel and caught sight of the car reversing from its parking spot.
Gesturing with my arms in the air, I ran toward it. I caught up in time and knocked on the woman’s window.
The car stopped moving, and she rolled down the window and gazed up at me with grey eyes. “Can I help you?”
“I think this belongs to you.” I raised the purse.
Her well-manicured eyebrows shot up. “Goodness, yes. I must have dropped it.” She reached for it. “Thank you so much for returning it. How very kind.”
“No problem.” I stepped away from the car.
“How can I repay you?” She leafed through the notes. “How much?” 
“You owe me nothing.” It would be too embarrassing to ask for any amount. What if I asked for less than she had planned to give me? Or if I asked for too much and she ended up thinking I was taking advantage of her generosity? It wouldn’t be a big deal if I walked away with nothing. Every selfless act of kindness I did for someone was a chance for me to pay for my crimes.
“How about this?” She pulled out a bunch of notes, maybe a quarter of what was in the purse.
I hesitated, and to my horror—and hidden delight—she reached out of the car and pushed the money into one of my jeans pockets.
“Can I offer you a lift?” She tilted her head to one side and her hair tumbled across her shoulder like a silk curtain.
“Thank you, but no need to go out of your way. I’ll take a taxi.”
What I wanted was for her to leave so I could count the money that was now burning a hole in my pocket.
“It wouldn’t be a bother at all. Where do you live?”
“Not very far.”
“Well, get in. If you won’t tell me, how about you show me? Come on, get in.” She let out a bubbling laugh.
“Okay.” I climbed into the car and inhaled the cocktail of expensive perfume, hairspray, and leather.
“Before Frank drops you off, how about we have coffee together at my house?”
“That would be nice.” Two coffee dates with strangers in the last couple of weeks? But I couldn’t say no. This woman enthralled me. My body buzzed with excitement at the thought of soon finding out where and how she lived. The luxury surrounding me didn’t have to come to an end just yet.
I gazed out the window as the city lights led us to an elite part of town with lush lawns, high walls, and luxury cars parked in front of metal gates.
Her spectacular house overlooked the sea and had an English garden and brick patios.
“Make yourself comfortable. I’ll get you that coffee I promised.” She waved at a cream sectional couch and left the living room.
My feet sank into the thick, shaggy carpet. The room featured floor-length windows and hand-painted ceilings. I ran my palm along the silk curtains with embroidered patterns and velvet trim—so soft and luxurious.
Distracted by all the beautiful things, I walked too close to a table and knocked over a ceramic vase. As I caught it and placed it back on the glass tabletop, I heard the woman returning.
In a swift motion, I dived onto the couch and grabbed a magazine, pretending to be calm. As if I’d been in a house like this before and it was no big deal.
She laid the tray filled with a variety of cookies on the glass coffee table. “Since you’re a guest in my house, I guess I should introduce myself. My name is Lilliana Stalford.”
Her name sounded familiar, but I couldn’t place it. “I’m Carlene Adams,” I said and accepted a gold-trimmed, porcelain coffee cup.
“Lovely name. What do you do, Carlene?” Lilliana asked.
“I waitress at the Surry Hotel restaurant.”
“Waitressing.” She eased into the couch with her own cup. “You look like you’re capable of so much more.”
I wasn’t sure if I should take that as a compliment or be offended. What if I told her I’d worked and lived in a homeless shelter? “I enjoy waitressing.”
Lilliana sipped her coffee and, remembering mine, I did the same. “What did you study?” she asked.
“Marketing and sales.” I left out the part that I didn’t graduate.
“Marketing and sales,” she repeated, staring into space for a moment, then placed her cup back in its saucer. “I would like to repay your honesty. Carlene, tell me, do you like jewelry?”
What woman didn’t like jewelry? “I do.”
“I’d like to make you a job offer.”
“Me?” I asked.
Lilliana let out a peal of laughter and nodded. “My husband and I own a chain of jewelry stores. Maybe you’ve heard of Stalford Jewelry? How would you like to work in our Serendipity store? It just so happens we’re looking for an additional sales associate. You’d be perfect. Would you be interested?”
I placed my cup on the saucer with a shaking hand. No wonder her name had sounded familiar. She owned one of the most well-known luxury jewelry retailers, and she had just offered me a job.
The familiar image of a powder pink box with a white ribbon tied around it flashed through my mind and I bit down on a smile. “Yes, I’d love to work for you. Thank you.” I’d be a fool not to accept such an offer, right?
“Perfect. I’ll call Sam Doherty, the Serendipity store manager, first thing in the morning.”
The next half an hour was spent discussing the specifics of my new job over the remainder of the coffee. Lilliana was a warm and kind person. I silently thanked my guilty conscience for forcing me to return the purse to her. 
When it was time for me to leave, I stood, and the magazine I’d grabbed earlier dropped to the carpet with a thump and flipped open.
I stiffened as I saw Nick’s eyes staring up at me. The man whose incredible kiss I still tasted on my lips. “Nick Johnson, Serendipity’s rising star” was the caption underneath the photo.
I bent down, picked up the magazine, and placed it on the couch, trying to hide the tremor in my hands.
“You didn’t manage to read it. You can have it,” Lilliana offered.
“Thank you... Thank you for everything,” I stammered in response.
I walked out in a daze.

***

First thing I did when I stepped into my apartment was count the money Lilliana had given me. It was enough to pay one month’s rent with extra left over for other things.
I climbed under the covers with the magazine to read the article about Nick.
It turned out Nick Johnson had only been a stranger to me. To everyone else, he was a successful businessman, a real estate developer who’d made millions with his chains of luxury hotels, which were spread out all over the world.
I raised my fingertips to my lips. I had kissed a millionaire. Any hopes of being with him crumbled instantly. He was way out of my league. Or what if he wasn’t? Maybe I was deluding myself, but I chose to believe it wasn’t over. Nick was an ordinary, handsome man—he just had more money than average. 
I ran a finger along the contours of his face, touched the soul-touching emerald eyes I’d had the privilege to dive into.
Despite the odds stacked against us, something about this man made me want to be with him. Not because of his money. My finances were tight, but I’d never date a man for his money.
Something else about him refused to let me go. If only I knew what that was.
I reread the article at least five times. Nick Johnson. His name was now etched on the surface of my heart. It would have been easier to forget him before, when he was just a handsome stranger. But now I knew more than just the color of his eyes. I knew he was real.
Before meeting him, I’d resigned myself to my life at Oasis, to working and living in a homeless shelter, with no dreams, no plans, and no desires.
Until Nick walked into my life and tipped it over.
I’d thought Chris would be my first and last, and I’d never fall for another man. Now I found myself rethinking my entire life. Maybe Melisa was right—maybe it wasn’t too late to start over. I had lain low and licked my wounds for too long. I’d paid my dues. Whatever scars I carried, I’d have to learn to live with.
I wanted to become the kind of woman a man like Nick would be proud to date. I truly had no idea when and whether I’d see him again but what did I have to lose by hoping?
Maybe fate would intervene.

Chapter Six

“Carlene, meet Sam Doherty.”
“Pleased to meet you.” Sam looked to be in his late forties or early fifties. He was tall and wiry, and his smile was more of a frown, which had left a permanent line between his brows. His hand shook mine, but his eyes remained frozen. He was going to be a tough one to win over.
“He’s the man you want to please,” Lilliana continued.
Great. I forced a smile. “It’s lovely to meet you.”
“Sam, Carlene is the first honest person I’ve met in a long time, and I have a feeling she will be an asset to Stalford.”
Relief had washed over me when Lilliana hired me without asking to see credentials or references. With no graduation behind me or experience in the area, I’d never have gotten the job if I’d applied for it.
Sam turned to Lilliana. “Can I have a word?”
Lilliana nodded and followed him up a wooden staircase.
A chill ran down my spine. Every fiber of my being warned me that Sam wanted to talk Lilliana out of hiring me, a woman with no education or experience. Hopefully he wouldn’t insist on seeing credentials.
I took advantage of the time to look around again. The store was on two floors and so still, despite the presence of customers and other sales associates.
Earlier, while we were waiting for Sam to arrive, Lilliana had shown me around. Upstairs were several offices, one of which belonged to Sam and another to Lilliana, opposite an inventory room with maximum security locks. Lilliana admitted that she was never at the store long enough to use it. She preferred to work from home.
Around me were sparkling glass cabinet displays, drawer units, glass shelves, and showcases filled with jewelry. Case lighting illuminated the facets of precious and semiprecious gems. My fingers itched to touch the jewelry.
Customers flaunting designer suits, handbags, and shoes weaved their way through the displays and eyed pieces of jewelry. Some had already decided on their purchases and stood at the points-of-sale, credit cards in hand.
How would it feel to be one of them, shopping with no thought about the cost? To be past the point of buying what I needed and instead purchasing what I wanted?
How would it feel to be on the other side?
The ding of a cash register snapped me back to reality. It didn’t matter what I didn’t have. Right now I should be grateful for what I did have—a glamorous job that would pave the way to a new life. What I had was better than what I could have hoped for.
If my luck held, maybe I wouldn’t have to return to Oasis after all.

***

The next few weeks were spent selling to rich—but unknown—customers. All I could do was observe from a distance as my colleagues attended to celebrities. I’d never thought I’d see these people in real life, let alone breathe the same air as them.
I did everything to prove my worth. To assure Lilliana that she’d been right to take a chance on me, and to draw Sam to my side. I was almost always the first employee to arrive at the store in the morning and the last one to leave.
But Sam would never let me sell to the wealthy customers. He never hid his disapproval about my employment at Stalford. He rarely greeted me, and we only exchanged words when absolutely necessary.
“Sam doesn’t care for Carlene much, does he?” I’d overheard Sarah say to Amanda in the staff room, last week.
Amanda’s laugh leaked through the slit under the door. “Would you like her if you were Sam? Lilliana literally dragged her off the streets.”
“I think she’s odd. Something about her doesn’t seem right.”
“What do you mean?”
“She keeps her distance from all of us, except Julie. Almost as if there’s something she doesn’t want us to know.”
A tear trickled down my cheek. If only they knew how close to the truth they’d come. If they knew about my secret, they’d dislike me even more.
So what. I had to make the most of this opportunity and not waste my time worrying about whether or not my colleagues liked me. So I concentrated on being the best I could be.
After work, since I had nothing else to do, I spent hours on the Internet informing myself about jewelry and the jewelry business, and this evoked in me the desire to know even more. In my third month at Stalford, I enrolled in an evening gemology class, which taught me about the physical and optical properties of gemstones—pearls, quartz, turquoise, ruby, and tourmaline—and how rare they were, and was even introduced to gemstone testing methods.
If I was going to do something, I’d do it right.
My efforts paid off when, a few weeks later, Sam led two major celebrities in my direction. Since everyone else was occupied, he had no choice but to hand them over to me. 
Jodi Moore, the opera singer, and Steve Lear, a famous actor, walked right up to me, and I received them with a wide grin.
Putting into practice what I’d learned from my classes, I managed to sell them two of the most expensive pieces in the store—a vintage watch and a diamond necklace.
If Sam didn’t appreciate my skills after this accomplishment, he never would.

Chapter Seven

I’d done it again. I’d sold an old man a pricey diamond and Burmese ruby necklace, a present for his wife on their fortieth wedding anniversary. Just as I locked the display, Sam called me.
“Carlene, I’d like to introduce you to someone.”
I shifted my gaze to the man next to him, and my eyes locked with familiar ones. Eyes I had not been able to forget since the first day I saw them. I still remembered how they’d looked closed, the long lashes grazing Nick’s cheeks as we’d kissed.
“This is Nick Johnson,” Sam said. “He’s one of our most valued customers.”
Who would have thought the next time I saw him would be at my workplace? I guess it was bound to happen. If one wished to meet public figures, Stalford was the place to be.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you... Mr. Johnson.” I extended my hand toward him. My heart did a flip-flop when our palms touched.
“Glad to meet you too.” No sign on his face at all that he knew me. I guess I was a distant memory to him, someone to kiss and forget.
When I saw the woman next to him, a gorgeous, Bambi-eyed blond, ice spread through my stomach.
Nick draped an arm around her waist. “This is Elizabeth—”
“His fiancée,” Elizabeth finished and kissed his cheek.
A stab of jealousy rammed through me like a steel pole. He was getting married?
Wait a minute, when we’d kissed, had he been in a relationship? Did he cheat on his fiancée? What kind of man would do that?
“We’re looking for an engagement ring.” Elizabeth clapped her hands like a small girl in a candy store. “I’d always wanted to pick out my own. Not that I don’t trust your taste, darling.” She kissed him again, this time on the lips.
“Carlene will help you do just that.” Sam flashed a rare smile. It was clear he was sucking up to Nick.
“Great, let’s get started,” said Nick.
Elizabeth headed to the glass display with a huge “diamonds” sign hanging above it.
Nick gave me a swift glance and a tight-lipped smile and followed her.
Sam disappeared to attend to other customers, and I stood there for a moment, composing myself.
Why was Nick acting as if he’d never seen me before? Of course I wouldn’t expect him to embarrass himself or ruin his reputation, but I at least deserved a knowing glance. Our kiss might have been insignificant to him, but it had changed my life.
I sucked in a deep breath and gritted my teeth, then followed them. I had to be professional.
As we normally did for special customers, I handed them each a glass of champagne. As I handed Nick his flute, our fingers brushed and he glanced up for a second, then looked away. He knew who I was. That comforted me some, but not much.
I asked Elizabeth what she had in mind for her engagement ring, but apart from “very expensive,” she had no further specifications. The more time I spent with her, the more she made me want to gag. She was clearly a gold digger. Her favorite word was money. How did Nick not see that?
After thirty minutes of indecision, Elizabeth settled for an emerald-cut diamond ring you could see from a mile away.
She admired the sparkling gem in the light and thanked Nick for making her the luckiest woman in the world, then made him promise to buy her an equally expensive wedding gown.
Under the pretense of offering them privacy, I sneaked away. On my way to the front of the store, something caught my attention. A silver bracelet with a diamond and silver key pendant attached to it. It took my breath away every time I saw it. The most beautiful piece of jewelry I’d ever seen. I reached into the case and caressed it with the tips of my fingers. Of course I had tried it on—just once, when no one was watching. But I wasn’t naïve; I would never be able to afford it, even if I worked for ten years and starved myself.
“We’re ready to pay.”
I startled and almost went flying into the display. Nick reached out in time to grab my wrist and break my fall, just as he had last time. Why did I keep falling around him?
For an instant, our eyes locked, and my heart skipped a beat.
Releasing my wrist from his grasp, I broke the connection.
Luckily, Elizabeth didn’t seem to notice our shared moment. She seemed to be more in love with her ring than with Nick.
I rubbed my wrist, which felt warm, as if his touch had scorched it. Then I locked the jewelry shelf with the bracelet. “Follow me,” I said, and turned my back to him. I led them to the point-of-sale station and handed them over to Amanda, who finalized the transaction.
As I walked away, someone touched my arm.
I wheeled around, hoping it was Nick, come to his senses, but it was Sam.
“Nice job back there.” He grinned.
I was shocked. He had never smiled at me that way before. It was the type of smile he reserved for when he studied the jewelry while he thought no one was watching. He had also never given me a compliment. Not once.
“Thank you.” I realized I was still rubbing my wrist; the heat from Nick’s touch surrounded it like a bracelet.
“Can I have a word?”
“Is something wrong?” I lived every day in the fear that what I had would be snatched away in the blink of an eye.
Sam shook his head and laughed. “Not at all. I have a proposition for you.”
I frowned but nodded and followed him upstairs, past the inventory door, to his office.
“Please take a seat.” He waved at a cushioned chair on one side of his glass-top desk. “Would you like some champagne?”
“I...no. I don’t drink at work.” I squinted, wondering at his agenda. Why was he being so nice to me all of a sudden? In all the time we’d worked together, he’d never uttered more than five words to me at a time.
“Like I said down there, you’re a great salesperson. We appreciate all your hard work.”
It meant a lot coming from him.
“We’d like to promote you.”
I perked up. “Really?”
“Really. In addition to selling jewelry in the store, we’d also like you to sell it in a different way.”
I frowned. “I don’t understand.”
“Carlene, we’d like you to be the face of Diamond Dreams, our new jewelry line.”

Chapter Eight

The revolving doors of the photo studio opened and I stepped into the cool interior. Black-and-white photos of models in various poses adorned the walls.
Today was my first shoot, and adrenaline pumped at rapid speed through my veins.
Being the face of the Diamond Dreams jewelry line meant I would be able to afford a nice place and have enough money left over to spoil myself.
Having blown-up images of me in the display windows and in magazines was an added bonus that also terrified me. I had never felt comfortable being the center of attention. As a teenager, I had dreamed of being a model, even if I never thought I stood a chance with the acne that had tormented me since the age of twelve. By the time I went to college, it had cleared up, but I still never thought of myself as beautiful. Until Chris came along. It had taken months for me to finally accept his compliments and start feeling good about myself. When I did, my confidence skyrocketed. He was the first man, my first love, and he’d made me feel beautiful.
A hair and makeup team awaited me.
“Let’s make you stunning,” said MaryAnn, a woman with a ballerina bun decorated with chopsticks. She lifted a strand of my hair. “You need curls. A little romance.”
She whisked me off to a mirrored room with a basin in one corner and sat me down. First she washed my hair, and then her fingers moved deftly between my hair, and various tools and products. Finally, she sighed with content. “All done.” She swiveled me around and I gasped.
My hair was unrecognizable as it curled and twirled into a romantic, glossy updo. I moved my head from side to side, admired the bronze highlights that gave my brown hair life.
“I love it. Thank you.”
“Now you look the part. Silvy will be in shortly to do your makeup.” She squeezed my shoulder and left the room.
When Silvy entered, she, too, wasted no time. She cleaned my face, plucked my eyebrows, rubbed creamy foundation into my skin, and ran eyeliner along my upper and lower lash lines, all the while explaining each step to me. Then she applied various shades of brown and bronze eye shadows. Finally, she lengthened and volumized my short lashes with dark brown mascara and smeared nude lipstick and clear gloss onto my lips.
“You’re gorgeous.” Silvy winked at me.
Gazing into the mirror, I had to agree. My skin was smooth, and my eyes had never looked bigger or brighter. Apart from lip gloss, I’d never used much makeup. Maybe it was time to start.
While I admired my new look in the mirror, another woman entered, laden with clothes on hangers.
“I’m Marjorie,” she said. “I’m here to dress you.”
She helped me into a nude, backless cocktail dress with a sequined bust.
I stood in front of the mirror, watching as the dress produced curves I never knew existed. I was blown away.
“I know you’d rather stand there all day, but we’re not through yet.” Marjorie snapped a bracelet on my wrist, hung diamond drops on my ears, and framed my neck with a matching necklace.
The shoot lasted three hours, with five outfit changes and lots of jewelry. It started off stilted, with me being an amateur and all, but I soon found my groove. In the end, I pretended that Mark, the photographer, was Nick and I was modeling in front of him. In the end, the photographer got a lot of great shots, and I was ready to go home and sleep for a week.
Much as I longed to go straight home and climb into bed, I had promised to help out at Oasis. On my way I’d pass by the chapel to light a candle for Chris and give thanks for all the blessings in my life.
Sometimes it was hard to believe all this belonged to me. Secretly, I waited for someone to pick up the remote and stop the movie of my life.

***

Two weeks after the photo shoot, I got paid for it, in addition to my normal salary as a sales associate. I had never had so much money in my life. I was going to be responsible with it. I decided to save some, donate a portion to the shelter, and get myself a decent apartment.
“I’m sad to see you go,” the landlord said when I told him of my plans to move out. “It’s not often I have a pretty lady around.”
“It was nice living here, but I need to find a place closer to work,” I lied. It was the worst place to live. The loud music from neighbors, the middle-of-the-night screams as a husband beat his wife, the unflushed shared toilet, and mildewed shower curtains. I was glad to be rid of it all.
Melisa had offered to go apartment hunting with me. The search lasted a week, but we eventually found a two-bedroom fifteen minutes from work with a spacious closet, a balcony, and granite kitchen countertops.
Once I’d signed the lease, we went shopping for furniture and other items to make my new apartment feel like home. We bought pastel-colored curtains, throw pillows, bedding, vases, and lamps. I also bought Melisa some new clothes. Nothing was more fulfilling than sharing my blessings with someone I cared about.
Over lunch at a seafood restaurant, I asked Melisa to move in with me, since I had an extra room. But she declined my offer. She was resigned to her life at Oasis like I used to be.
“You encouraged me to move on, Melisa. Now I’m asking you to do the same.”
Melisa shook her head. “I don’t want to be a burden.”
I squeezed her hand. “You can never be a burden to me. We’re friends, I want to help you.”
“It’s your life. I don’t want to stand in your way.”
I sprinkled salt on my hake. “You’re a hard nut to crack.”
“I’m the kind of nut you’ll never crack.” She shrugged. “I like living at Oasis.”
Funny, I recalled her telling everyone at Oasis about the nice house with a picket fence and a porch swing she and her husband used to own.
My guess was life on the outside terrified her. It had let her down before. She was afraid of gaining happiness only to have it snatched away again.
“Well, if you ever need anything... food, a place to stay, come to me, okay?”
“I promise.” Melisa finished her food and ordered more to take away.
At least I’d made her day. That was enough for now.
We left the restaurant and hugged on the sidewalk.
“I’ll see you next Saturday. I’m on lunch duty,” I said.
“I don’t understand why you don’t sit back and enjoy your new life. Why do you even return? Haven’t you done enough?”
“I come back because as good as I have it now, Oasis was my home for a long time. I can’t forget about it.”

Chapter Nine

“Lilliana wants to see you,” Amanda said as soon as I returned from lunch with Melisa.
“Did she say why?” The last time I saw Lilliana was over two months ago, when she came to congratulate me in person on my promotion.
“How should I know? I’m just delivering a message.” She teetered away on six-inch heels.
Since the last time I overheard them gossiping about me, she’d never warmed to me. Neither did my other colleagues, apart from Julie, the trainee. Having being named the face of a jewelry line had only exacerbated the tension at work. In truth, I didn’t blame them. Maybe in their shoes I’d feel the same.
I climbed the stairs to Sam’s office, with my colleagues’ sharp stares pricking my back.
Could Lilliana be disappointed with my last photo shoot? It hadn’t gone smoothly; I’d had a terrible migraine that refused to go away and the camera flash certainly hadn’t helped.
Lilliana rose from her office chair when I entered the office. As usual, she looked stylish. Today, she wore an elegant, black-and-beige two-piece suit with black stilettos. “Afternoon, Carlene.” She walked over to the brown leather couch and sat cross-legged. “Come sit with me.” She patted the seat next to her.
I hesitated and looked at Sam, trying to read his expression.
“Go on,” Sam urged. He lowered himself into one of the padded chairs at Lilliana’s desk. “She won’t bite.”
“Of course not.” I flashed him a smile and did as Lilliana had asked. Her perfume enveloped me and transported me back to the day we’d first met. How things had changed since then.
Lilliana twisted her body to face me, her knees touching mine. “No need to look nervous. I want to ask you a favor.”
What favor could I offer a woman who had it all?
“As the face of the Diamond Dream line, would you like to attend the launch party?”
My eyes widened and I merely stared, tongue-tied.
She laughed. “You are the star of the line. Say yes.”
My first fancy party. Someone thought I was good enough to dine among the rich and the famous. I smiled broadly. “Yes, I’d love to come. Thank you for the invitation.”
“Perfect.” Lilliana patted my knee and winked at Sam.
Sam nodded, and from a hook behind the door, he removed a black garment bag, which he placed in my arms.
“What’s this?” I looked at each of them in turn.
“Something for you to wear to the party. I hope you like it.”
Unable to believe my luck, I unzipped a portion of the bag to reveal a black bust encrusted with tiny crystals. Tears sprang to my eyes. It was stunning. I unzipped further and ran my palm along the soft, canary-yellow chiffon of the skirt. I gazed up at Lilliana. “I don’t know what to say.”
“A simple ‘thank you’ will do.”
“Thank you so much.” I cradled the dress in my arms, the crystals grazing my fingers. “It’s beautiful.”
“Just like you.” Lilliana laid a hand on my knee. “Meeting you that night, Carlene, was the best thing that could ever have happened to Stalford.”
“That means a lot.”
“It’s the truth.” She rose to her feet. “I have to go to a fundraising event. I’ll see you at the launch party in two weeks.”
Sam walked Lilliana out, and they left me hugging the dress, as if trying to become one with it. Tears squeezed out of the corners of my eyes, and I blinked quickly. If only Chris were here to see what I’d become. He always believed I’d go on to do great things.

Chapter Ten

I smoothed down my dress and walked through the doors of the Lux Hotel. I only used to admire it from the outside. I never thought I’d step inside. At least not as a guest.
At least two hundred guests, all elegantly dressed, filled the spacious ballroom. They weaved their way around candlelit dinner tables, lowered themselves onto damask-covered chairs, lifted champagne flutes from silver trays carried by waiters in black and white, or tasted finger foods from an overflowing buffet table with a sparkling champagne fountain on one side.
The crystal chandeliers hanging from the high ceiling twinkled in time with those on the bodice of my dress. I felt like a princess. A very nervous one. I’d already spotted a TV show host, five Hollywood actors, an athlete, and a woman with her own cooking show.
I tightened my grip around the new crystal-encrusted purse I’d bought to go with the dress, and with my other hand I picked up a smoked salmon canapé from a passing waiter’s tray. I wouldn’t be able to get anything down; I just needed something to occupy both my hands so no one could see them shaking.
Walking past a marble staircase, I searched for a secluded part of the room. No chance. What if someone came and talked to me? What conversation could I possibly have with any of the glamorous, successful people around me?
I gave up the search and remained where I was, at one end of the buffet table. Soft classical music washed over me and calmed my nerves.
Soon, a familiar female voice filled the room, and everyone turned to the stage.
Lilliana, clad in a striking magenta, floor-length gown, her hair piled up on top of her head in a glossy braided bun, stood in front of a microphone, a champagne glass in her hand.
“Ladies and gentleman, thank you for being here tonight. Allow me to say a few words. It’s a special evening as we celebrate the launch of our new line, Diamond Dreams.”
The room erupted in a deafening applause.
Lilliana paused until silence descended. “Before you return to your food and drink, I’d like to thank someone special, the woman who has given the line a face. Without further ado, please raise your glasses to Carlene Adams.”
I choked back the rest of the canapé, which I’d decided to eat.
Lilliana scanned the faces around her until she spotted me. She waved a hand in my direction.
The guests clapped again, and a woman next to me gave me a brief pat on the back.
My eyes met Lilliana’s from across the room, and panic closed my throat. Please don’t ask me to come up and say something.
Drops of sweat formed on my upper lip as people stared at me, awaiting my response. I was not used to being the center of attention. Behind the camera was fine, but on a stage? What if I made a fool of myself and disappointed Lilliana and Sam?
Left with no other option, I smiled and raised my glass.
Lilliana nodded at me, but didn’t ask me to come up.
I breathed out when the attention turned back to her.
She talked a while about Stalford and the line, and thanked a few other people, including Sam and her husband, a bald but distinguished man I was seeing for the first time.
“I promised I would only say a few words, so I’m done. Please enjoy the food, drink, and music. Don’t forget to have a look at the jewelry.”
At that moment, a curtain that lined the length of the wall behind her slid to the floor, as if in slow motion, to reveal a massive glass display of jewelry. On both sides of the display hung blown-up photographs of me wearing some of the pieces. My hair shone, my eyes sparkled, my skin was flawless.
My hands flew to my mouth, and I stifled a gasp. Joy, excitement, happiness—all wrapped up in one firecracker of emotion. If only I could take a closer look. This was a dream come true. I was a model. Lilliana had even mentioned we’d soon start shooting a TV advert.
Funny how life turned out. I’d thought my happiness had died with Chris, but I was wrong.
I sipped my champagne, enjoying the tingle on my tongue. But before I even had a chance to swallow, people surrounded me, congratulating me for a job well done, telling me how great I looked. I felt as if I had fallen asleep and stumbled into someone else’s dream.
As the evening wore on, I relaxed and even enjoyed the attention.
After mingling, eating, and drinking, I needed a moment to myself. I picked up another glass of champagne and made my way through the throngs of people.
The sliding doors opened onto a lush lawn, which led to a beautiful lake. Wooden benches with lit lanterns at each end dotted the lawn. I walked up to the nearest one, wiped the surface with a napkin, and sat, placing my glass next to me. The air smelled of roses and freshly cut grass, and it invigorated me as I admired the reflection of the moon on the water.
“Nice evening, isn’t it?” A voice asked from behind me.
I turned to look even though I already knew who it was.
“Hi.” Nick lowered himself next to me on the bench. “I was looking for you.”
I blinked, just in case I was imagining things. I wasn’t. Nick sat next to me, wearing a plain black suit and white shirt. No tie, even though most men present tonight wore one.
“Hi?” I said skeptically. Why hadn’t it occurred to me that he’d attend the function? He was, after all, one of Stalford’s most valued customers. But why was he now acting like we knew each other?
“I’m sorry to disturb your moment alone. I wanted to give you something.” He reached into his pocket. “This is for you.” He handed me a pink Stalford jewelry box.
Out of instinct, I looked to see if Sam or Lilliana were around. They probably wouldn’t approve of a customer handing their employee a jewelry box. But I couldn’t resist. Nick was no ordinary customer. Not to me. I wrapped my fingers around the box. “What is it?”
“Something I thought you might like.”
Lips pursed, I tugged at one end of the slim, white ribbon and lifted the cover off the box. My jaw dropped. “Nick... No, I can’t take this.” My eyes filled with tears, as I gazed at the bracelet I had so longed for. The bracelet with the tiny silver diamond key pendant. How did he even know?
“Of course you can take it. It’s an apology. For my behavior when I came to Stalford last time. Pretending I didn’t know you.”
“You don’t owe me an apology. We barely know each other, anyway.”
“Thing is, I feel as if we do.” he paused. “I shouldn’t have kissed you that day. It was inappropriate. I guess, when I came to Stalford, I was distant because I didn’t want Elizabeth finding out about us. She’s the jealous type.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat. To me, that kiss had been everything. “Why did you do it? Cheat on her? You shouldn’t have done that.”
“We were broken up at the time. Still, it shouldn’t have happened.” He paused. “Please take the bracelet.”
“N-Nick. I can’t take this.” I closed the box again and handed it back to him. “It’s too expensive.”
He didn’t take the box. “You love the bracelet. I saw you admiring it at the store. When I saw it in the display tonight, I had to get it for you, before someone else bought it.” He didn’t reach for the box.
I looked away to hide my embarrassment. He had watched me?
“There’s nothing wrong with admiring something you love. Or owning it. In fact, if you wish for something hard enough, it might just come to you.”
Those words reached into the depths of my soul and switched on the light. It was him I wanted more than anything. Maybe he was right; if I wished long and hard for him to be mine, it could happen someday. For now, he was giving me something precious, something to remind me of him. I could hang on to it until my dream came true. If it ever did. “Thank you, Nick.”
“You’re welcome. Enjoy it.” He winked.
“I will.” For a moment we gazed into each other’s eyes. We exchanged no words, and yet volumes passed between us.
“You look beautiful, by the way. Congratulations on being the face of the line. They couldn’t have picked a more beautiful woman. Enjoy the party. You deserve it.”
Before I had the chance to say anything, another “thank you,” perhaps, he rose and walked back up the lawn, hands in his pockets. Probably to return to his fiancée.
I slid the bracelet into my purse. This was comfort enough. For now.
Back home, I wore my bracelet to bed. I wanted to keep it on and never remove it. But how would I explain it to Sam and my colleagues? They knew as well as I did that I could never afford such an expensive piece of jewelry. No, I would keep it our little secret. Mine and Nick’s. He cared about me. Why else would he spend so much money on me?

***

My next days at work were spent waiting for Nick to return. I didn’t even care that he might show up to buy something for his future wife. I wanted to see him just one more time, to exchange one more glance. But it took a whole month before I even heard about him again. It was in a magazine article that announced his wedding date had been changed, and he would be getting married earlier than planned. In one week. My heart broke in places I hadn’t even known existed. I asked for a few days off from work and locked myself inside my apartment watching tearjerkers, eating popcorn, and stuffing magazine photos of Nick into a shoebox.
I slid the cool bracelet from my wrist and placed it on top of his smiling face in the box. He had probably already forgotten about it. Here I was, thinking he cared. But he’d only bought the bracelet because he had too much money and felt guilty.
The truth was, and it pained me to admit it, it could never have worked between us. We were too different. He needed someone beautiful, glamorous, and rich like him.
Someone without baggage.
A hot tear trickled onto my hand as I placed the lid on the shoebox and shoved it inside my wardrobe. I’d never buy a magazine again. Or watch TV. It would be torture to watch him marry Elizabeth—or any other woman.
I wanted to stay inside my apartment and never face the world again. But I had to continue living, just like I promised Melisa I would when I left Oasis. It would take a long time, but I’d get over him somehow.
I was now back on my feet. I had a wonderful job and a nice place to stay. A life. I thanked Nick for that.

***

“I missed you. And not just me,” Sam said when I returned to work. “Several customers came in asking for you. You’re quite popular.”
My head snapped up. “Really? Who?” I cringed inwardly, hoping I didn’t sound too eager.
“A few ladies.”
“Oh.” I continued polishing the counter, my hope wilting. “That’s nice.” No need hoping for the impossible. Nick belonged to someone else.

***

Over the weekend Nick was to marry Elizabeth, I slept at Oasis, away from TV, newspapers, and magazines. And I worked myself to the bone.
Out of solidarity, Melisa, who enjoyed some good celebrity gossip, promised not to take a peek. She, too, was disappointed. Since the day I told her the man I’d met that day at Grace Chapel had been Nick Johnson, she’d been excited about meeting a millionaire in person.
Sunday evening, I returned to my apartment and enjoyed a long, hot shower. The warm water mingled with and washed away the tears, and I vowed to let him go for good. I would forget his touch, his kiss, his eyes. He was a married man now.

Chapter Eleven

The door announcer chimed to signal a customer entry. I knew my colleagues would swoop on whoever it happened to be, so I didn’t bother turning around. Since I’d had a lot of special treatment, I was trying to step back. Not that they appreciated it.
Ignoring the shuffle near the entrance, I continued wrapping a jewelry package for a customer who was coming to pick it up in two hours.
“I’d love for Miss Adams to serve me, please,” a male voice said.
I wheeled around, and my knees buckled. I grabbed the edge of a display case to steady myself.
Nick wore a black-and-white motorcycle jacket, his hair was wind-blown, his eyes as bright as the gems around us. Tucked under his right arm was a black helmet.
My mouth was a desert. I’d never seen him in anything other than a suit. He looked incredibly sexy.
I watched as Amanda and the others stepped back to allow him to pass, their faces shadowed with envy.
“Hi, Carlene.” Nick approached me. He gazed behind him at my colleagues, and they quickly scattered themselves around the store, embarrassed to be caught staring. “Can we talk?” he whispered, pointing at a random piece in a display.
Abandoning my gift-wrapping, I stepped to the display and unlocked it, as if I were about to show him something. My colleagues would never keep their mouths shut if they knew about me and Nick. “There’s nothing for us to talk about. You’re married.”
“It didn’t take place.”
My hand froze on the slim glass door, and hope flickered inside me. “There was no wedding?”
“No.” He paused. “That’s what I want to talk to you about. Give me just five minutes?”
Julie walked by with a customer and gave us a brief glance.
“Not here.”
“Then let’s go someplace else. Somewhere more private.” He picked up a pair of pearl earrings, as if he were considering buying them.
“Where?”
“The Lux Hotel.”
“I’ll be there at six.”
“Perfect. I’ll be waiting for you at the restaurant bar.” He placed the earrings back, and less than a minute later he was gone, leaving behind a trail of cologne.
I returned to work with considerably less focus.

***

The receptionist at the Lux, a twenty-something woman with a straight bob and teeth so white they matched the walls, pointed me in the direction of the restaurant.
I felt like a million dollars walking through the marbled lobby, past men and women with monogrammed luggage.
Nick sat on a barstool, his back to me. He had changed into a brown shirt with the sleeves rolled up. Whatever he put on, he looked hot.
With every step, my heart beat faster. What did he want to tell me?
“Nick,” I said when I was close enough to be heard.
He swiveled around and flashed a dimpled smile. “Carlene, you came.”
I laughed. “You did say it was important.”
He hopped from the stool and planted a kiss on my cheek, which tingled after he pulled away. “You were hesitant when we spoke. I was afraid you might change your mind.”
“I was at work.”
He placed a hand on my lower back and moved me forward. “I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable. Thank you for coming. How about dinner?”
I halted. “I don’t think it’s a good idea for us to be seen in public together.” For all I knew, he was still engaged. They might have simply postponed the wedding.
“Don’t worry, I’ve reserved a private area of the restaurant. Apart from the waiters, we’ll be alone.”
I nodded. He escorted me to a part of the restaurant that was so well hidden, most guests probably had no idea it even existed.
We sat, and I turned to him. “What did you want to tell me?” Better to know as soon as possible before I got my hopes up, only to have them dashed again.
“Shall we order first?” He waved the waiter over.
I ordered a Greek salad, and Nick the steak and potatoes.
“Carlene,” he said. “I can’t get you out of my mind.”
I pressed my lips together and said nothing for a while. Those words warmed my heart, but I had to be realistic. “What do you want me to do with this information?” He would never leave a woman like Elizabeth for me. Best to accept it and move on. Maybe it was a good thing I came to meet him, to get closure.
“No woman has ever made me feel this way. I thought you should know.”
His words reflected my own feelings for him. “But... Aren’t you still engaged to Elizabeth?”
“No.” He cupped my hand with both of his. His heat warmed my skin and reached into my very core. “Not anymore. It’s over.”
Electricity jolted through my body, but before I could respond, the waiter brought our food. When he left, I pressed the fork into my salad as Nick cut into his steak. “You mean...?”
“Yes. I called off the wedding the night before it was supposed to happen. Elizabeth and I had been together for four years, but we weren’t right for each other. I know that now. She was more interested in my money.”
I laughed. “It was obvious when you came to buy the ring.” I couldn’t help myself. I had to say it.
He nodded. “I couldn’t see how wrong she was for me until I met you.”
“She was beautiful.”
He looked seriously at me. “That’s not enough. I don’t want to stay with someone just because they’re beautiful. I want that special connection. The kind you and I have. Besides, you’re even more beautiful, Carlene. The first time I saw you, something inside of me changed.”
I inhaled slowly, breathing in his words. An involuntary smile formed on my lips, and tears burned the backs of my eyes. “You mean that?”
“More than anything. I needed to see you. To see where this leads.”
“Where does it lead?” I whispered, still unable to believe what was unfolding.
“I need to spend more time with you to find that out. I know you feel something for me too. I see it in your eyes. It was unmistakable at the launch party.”
Was I such an open book? I looked down into my glass of white wine.
Nick put his fork on his plate and placed a finger under my chin, lifting it. “It’s Friday. Why don’t we do something crazy, spend the weekend together? Here. We can have time to talk.”
“That’s crazy.” I wanted to say yes, to spend more time with him, allow him to sweep me off my feet. “But we’re still strangers.”
“You still think that? After everything that’s happened? We kissed. That should make us more than strangers, surely. But we can get to know each other more if you accept my invitation.”
“I don’t know.” I bit my lip. Why the hell was I hesitating? The man of my dreams was professing his love for me, and I was thinking twice?
“Come on,” he said, his eyes dancing, “spend the weekend with me. Or just the night.” He paused. “You can walk away, if I don’t convince you to stay in my life.”
Joy raced through me, leaving warmth in its path. He’d said it. He wanted me in his life. I turned the words over in my mind. “I don’t have anything with me...clothes. I’m not prepared.”
“You don’t need to be prepared. The best things happen when you stop making plans and follow your heart. The first time we met, we never planned to kiss. As for clothes, the hotel has bathrobes.”
A shiver trailed down my spine. Wasn’t this what I’d dreamed of? Having him say words like these? Wouldn’t I be a fool not to take my chance? “Okay.” I giggled. “Let’s do it.”

Chapter Twelve

Nick took me upstairs to a romantic suite with flowers submerged in water-filled crystal vases with tea lights floating on the surfaces.
“When did you do all this?” I looked around, mesmerized. No one had ever done anything so romantic for me. Then again, Chris had been my only boyfriend, and he hadn’t been the candles and flowers kind of guy. He showed me his love in other ways. A day spent rock climbing or paragliding was his idea of romance. I’d never complained. I’d loved seeing him excited to show me new experiences. When he’d been happy, I’d been as well.
“I wanted to create a nice and comfortable atmosphere for us to talk.”
I stood at the door unsure of what to do.
Nick stepped close and removed my purse from my hands. He hung it on the chair. “Please make yourself at home.” With a hand around my shoulders, he led me to the couch and sat next to me. His thigh brushed mine, making the heat rise in my body.
“This isn’t one of your hotels, is it?” I asked for want of a safe topic.
“Actually, it is,” he admitted.
I’d walked past The Lux countless times. Who would have thought it was owned by the man who would change my life? “It’s beautiful. I read in the paper that you’re expanding to Asia.”
“That’s true. It’s been a dream of mine for a long time.”
“Have you ever been to Asia?” I asked, then cringed inwardly. Of course he had been to Asia. He could afford to, and he was expanding his business there. He would have wanted to see whatever it was that real estate developers looked at before reaching a decision.
He wrapped an arm around my shoulders, as if it were the most normal thing. Like we were a couple spending a quiet evening in. “I studied in China, actually.”
“Really? So you speak Chinese?”
He chuckled. “Yes, I do speak Chinese and also Japanese.”
How sexy. I wondered how he sounded in a language other than English, but I was too shy to ask him to say something. “You must love languages.”
“They’ve helped me get my foot in the door. Now enough about me. I want to know you. More than how you tasted when I kissed you.”
My cheeks heated and I smiled. “My life is not as exciting as yours. I only speak English, unfortunately, and I dropped out of college before getting my marketing and sales degree. I’ve never been anywhere outside the U.S.”
“That’s a shame. What country would you want to see one day?”
“I’ve always wanted to visit Greece.”
“Maybe you will one day.” Nick tucked a lock of my hair behind my ear. “Why did you drop out of college, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“I couldn’t afford it.” Why should I lie about that?
“But you’re doing so well without a college degree. You must be proud of yourself. Lilliana speaks highly of you.”
“Really? She told you?”
“Every chance she gets. Why do you sound surprised?”
“I’m not. It’s just interesting, that’s all.”
Nick drew in a breath and removed his arm from my shoulders. “Can I ask you a question?” 
“Sure.”
“Wait a second.” He stood. “What kind of host am I? Let me offer you some of these treats first.” He went over to a table laden with fruits, mouthwatering miniature cakes, chocolates, and a bottle of champagne. “Do you have any preference?”
“No, pick anything,” I said. Actually, I would have died for those chocolate éclairs with the green frosting on the top—maybe peppermint.
He brought over a small plate with an assortment of sweets, including the éclairs I had longed for, and two glasses of champagne.
I reached for an éclair and popped it into my mouth. Chocolate and mint, definitely. It melted as soon as it landed on my tongue. “Delicious.”
“Glad you like it.” He took a deep swallow of champagne and placed the glass on the coffee table. “So, I was about to ask you a question.”
I nodded, still chewing.
“Since the first day we met, have you thought of me at all?”
I swallowed the sweet in my mouth and licked my fingertips. “Have you thought about me?”
“You really like to answer questions with questions, don’t you? Or is it just with me?”
I laughed. “Really? I had no idea. Okay, I’ll go first.” What was the point of beating around the bush? The man liked me or he wouldn’t have brought me here. “I did. A lot. I was surprised to find you were a celebrity.”
He shook his head. “I’m not a celebrity. I’m a normal person. People like to exaggerate. I thought about you too. I couldn’t get you out of my mind. I was afraid I wouldn’t see you again. When I saw you at Stalford, I was pleasantly surprised.”
“You had a great way of showing it.”
“Pretending not to know you was wrong. I was just taken by surprise and didn’t know how to react. Elizabeth—”
“Was the jealous kind. You mentioned that already. Anyway, you’re forgiven.” I reached for another éclair.
“That makes me very happy. Since we have that sorted out, will you forgive me for this as well?” He cupped my cheek with his warm palm and kissed me full on the lips.
Fireworks went off in my head, and my skin prickled with heat. “You’re already forgiven.”
“For this, too?” He moved his lips from mine and kissed my forehead, my eyes, my cheeks, my neck.
Electricity charged through me. “Yes.” I moved closer and pressed my lips onto his.
He nibbled on my bottom lip and kissed me deeper.
This was better than any chocolate. Our first kiss had ensured we wouldn’t forget each other, but this kiss was something else. Charged, electric, both passionate and tender.
As he moved his lips against mine and traced my tongue with the tip of his, my world turned. I was drunk on him. 
Nick wove his fingers through my hair, trailed my scalp with his fingertips, setting it on fire. I had forgotten how good this felt. Or had it ever been this good with Chris? I wasn’t sure anymore.
“I want you,” I whispered, without knowing how the words had come from my mouth. I startled and pulled back, my whole body pulsing. Please don’t stop, I thought. I couldn’t bear it if he left me hanging on the edge.
“I want you, too.” His voice purred like a new car’s engine. He cupped the back of my head with his right hand and drew me in for a passionate kiss that left me reeling. Then he caressed my closed eyelids, my throat, and my ears with his soft lips.
As waves of desire swept me into the unknown, I felt pressure on my nipples. Nick had one in his mouth and the other between a forefinger and thumb. He had unbuttoned and slipped off my dress without me even noticing.
I moaned. My nipples felt like they might burst, like cherries ripe for picking.
Nick stopped and rose. Our eyes remained locked as he undressed himself. Then he helped me out of my panties, and pulled me to my feet.
Pressing hard against me, he guided me to a nearby wall and before I knew it, he had lifted me up and my legs were wrapped around his strong, firm waist, cradling him.
As his lips probed my mouth and he pressed me harder against the wall, I pushed at his firm chest. “Condom?” No taking chances for me. Why complicate my life further?
“Don’t go anywhere,” he said and walked into the bedroom. He returned already wearing the condom. Easing me off the floor again, he whispered, “anything else?”
I shook my head. Now that that was out of the way, I couldn’t wait to have him inside me.
He wrapped his hand around the nape of my neck. Our eyes met and he entered me with just his tip.
I moaned as the sweet spot between my legs pulsed with longing.
“Want more?” he asked, grabbing my bum with both hands, squeezing.
“Oh, yes!” I begged, trying not to scream.
“How much more?”
“All of it.”
“Say please.”
“Oh, please, I want all of you.”
He chuckled into my neck then heaved me higher up the wall and thrust himself deep inside me. He squeezed my bum tighter and slid out and then in, over and over again until I was lost in pleasure.
“You like that?” He flicked my collarbone with his tongue.
“Do you need...to ask?” I gasped into his shampoo-fresh hair. I moaned, sighed, and even screamed as he drove me to the brink of ecstasy.
Together we rose and fell, and then I gripped his arms, dug my nails into his skin, ready for the fall. Soon I exploded, arching my back and pressing myself into him.
“That’s it, baby,” he whispered, as he thrust faster and deeper into me. Then his muscles contracted and a deep-throated roar escaped his lips. He thrust a few more times and stopped, still holding me tight. “My goodness.” He kissed my lips. “That was fantastic.”
“Yeah,” was all I could manage to say. Every nerve tingled.
After a few more minutes in the same position that had brought us so much pleasure, he eased me to the floor. Then he got a fluffy white robe and helped me into it. “Is it safe to say we’re no longer strangers?”
“Yes.” I laughed. “It’s nice knowing you.”

***

“Tell me about your brother, the one you were lighting a candle for,” I asked. Hours had passed, and we’d made love several times. I was lying next to him in a queen-sized bed, his arms wrapped around my naked body, our legs entangled. Talking about his brother could be a thorny topic, but I wanted to know everything about him.
Nick stiffened, but he kissed the top of my head. “There’s not much to tell. I only knew him briefly before he died.”
I lifted my head and gazed into his eyes. “I don’t understand.”
“We didn’t grow up together.”
“So you met as adults, and then he died not too long after? That’s horrible.” My heart went out to him.
He squeezed his eyes shut and opened them again. “Yes. He was murdered by a deranged woman.” His jaw set.
I froze. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to...”
He sighed and ran a hand through my hair. “It’s all right. But let’s not talk about painful topics tonight.” He rolled me over to my back. “Tonight, let’s just enjoy each other.” He ran his palm along the length of my body, brushing my breast, my stomach, my thigh. “Tonight, I want only you. Again and again.”
I giggled softly as he kissed me, and we melted into each other again, the conversation forgotten.
But before I drifted off to sleep in the arms of the man I now knew I never wanted to live without, thoughts of his brother returned. Something nagged at me.
He had been killed. Just like Chris.

Chapter Thirteen

Sunlight poured through the window and coated the white sheets in gold. I’d been awake for hours.
I rolled and turned to face Nick, who was still fast asleep, one arm curled over his head, his dark lashes resting on his cheeks, hair disheveled. I wanted to wake him, to see his eyes once more.
Leaning closer, I scattered butterfly kisses on his forehead, his nose, his lips. I prepared to plant another on the side of his neck when a dark, dime-sized, kidney-shaped mark caught my eye. So small and easy to miss, but I’d seen it before. On Chris. The exact same birthmark. Same size, same place.
A knot formed in my stomach, and bile rose up my throat.
Why would Nick have the same birthmark as my dead fiancé? It made no sense. But my gut told me there was more to Nick that I didn’t know—and wasn’t sure I wanted to. I peeled the sheet from my body, grabbed a robe, and tiptoed to the bathroom. I closed the door but didn’t lock it, so as not to raise suspicion.
Gripping the basin with both hands until my knuckles whitened, I squeezed my eyes shut. With every fiber of my being, I wished what I’d just seen meant nothing. That it was a simple coincidence.
But I couldn’t spend the rest of the weekend with Nick. As long as I was this confused, I had to leave.
I needed to find out the truth.

***

I was brushing my teeth with one of the new toothbrushes I found at the basin when Nick walked in, a towel around his waist, his hair messy.
It would be so hard to leave him. Especially since he looked so handsome. His broad shoulders, his smooth, muscular chest and biceps made me want to touch him. But I feared this thing between us might be more complicated than I had anticipated. Maybe it wasn’t a simple story of boy meets girl and falls in love.
“Morning, beautiful.” He kissed my neck, picked up the other toothbrush, and squeezed toothpaste onto the bristles.
“Morning.” I rinsed my mouth, trying to find a way to tell him I had to go.
He held his toothbrush in midair. “Are you okay?”
I wiped my mouth with a fluffy towel, avoiding his eyes. “I’m fine. I’m sorry, Nick. I need to leave today.” I looked up then.
Nick’s eyebrows shot up. “Where are you going? I thought—”
“Home. I can’t spend any more time with you.”
“Did I do something to upset you? Offend you in any way? I thought we both had a wonderful time last night.”
“I did, I really did. It’s just that I promised to help out at Oasis this weekend. I can’t let them down.” Last night, when we took breaks between lovemaking, I’d opened up to him about working at the shelter, and he’d been impressed.
I walked back into the bedroom, and Nick followed, toothbrush still in hand.
I gathered my clothes and felt his eyes on me.
Before he could guilt me into staying, I slipped into my dress and sandals, grabbed my purse, and headed for the door. “Bye, Nick.”
“Carlene,” he called, as my hand reached for the doorknob.
“You don’t really need to go, do you?”
I bit my lip and didn’t respond for a while. He could tell I was lying. But I saw no other way to remove myself from this situation. “I do.” I opened the door and almost collided with someone carrying a breakfast tray.
“Room service?” the woman asked.
I turned to look back at Nick. He had ordered breakfast, and I was leaving him hanging. He cocked his head to one side as if to ask if I’d change my mind.
I shook my head and walked past the woman without looking back.

***

Back at my apartment, I switched on my computer and opened the Internet browser. My shaking fingers flew over the keyboard as I started a search.
First, I typed “Nick Johnson” and then “Christopher Brown.” Nothing useful. There was a lot about Nick, as I’d expected, and little about Chris, except about him being captain of his football team in college.
I’d just closed an article when a thought crossed my mind. Fingers shaking, I typed in “Nick Johnson and brother.” Chris had been adopted, so there was a possibility.
As the search results came up, I slipped my bottom lip between my teeth and bit on it, drawing blood. I clicked on the first article: “Nick Johnson meets long lost brother.” The first photo was of the two men hugging and laughing. One of them I had loved, and the other I loved. The further I scrolled down the page, the more I gasped for breath. Nick and Chris were not only brothers—they were twins, separated at birth.
I clapped a hand over my mouth and darted to the bathroom, fell to my knees, and retched into the toilet bowl as tears flooded my eyes.

Chapter Fourteen

For one week, I couldn’t face the world. Seeing Nick was out of the question.
How could I see him and not tell him the truth? How could I listen to him talk about his brother when I kept a devastating secret from him? It killed me to willingly choose to walk out of his life, but it was better than being thrown out of it when he discovered the truth. It would only be a matter of time.
“But you love him. You can’t walk away from a good thing,” Melisa urged. She was the only person I could bring myself to talk to.
I placed her cup of coffee on the table in front of her and cupped my own mug with both hands. The heat comforted me. “You don’t understand, Melisa. He will find out.”
“Or maybe he won’t.”
I sipped my coffee and stared out the window, watching the clear morning sky, listening to the sounds of traffic outside. “It’s impossible to keep a thing like that from someone.”
“And yet it happens all the time. For instance, do you have any idea how many kids are raised by men who aren’t their biological fathers?”
“Yes, until the child falls sick and needs some organ only the real father can donate.”
“That only happens in the movies. In real life, people are better at hiding secrets.”
I lifted my feet up onto the couch and crossed my legs. “I don’t want to lie to him. He deserves better.”
Melisa grasped my hand and her eyes grew serious. “He deserves you, and you deserve him.”
“No, it’s not right. I have to tell him. I forgot the slip of paper I’d written his number on at the hotel, so I’ll go back to work on Monday and wait for him to show up.”
“You have to think about this carefully. This could change everything. He might never forgive you.”
“ Maybe he will. I’ll explain everything. If not, at least I’ll know I did the right thing.”
Sunday evening, I stood in front of the mirror and rehearsed how I would tell Nick the truth. After repeating a string of words to myself for almost thirty minutes, I showered and went to bed. 

***

The doorbell woke me up around two a.m. I slipped into my satin robe and stumbled to the door.
It had to be Melisa. She visited me often now. But never so late.
I yanked the door open and green eyes stared back at me. “Nick.” I swallowed hard.
“Can I come in?”
“Hmmm... Yes.” I stepped aside. My hand grasped the door for support. I wasn’t prepared to see him yet.
“How did you know where I lived?” I asked, closing the door.
“You gave me your address at the hotel. We were supposed to have dinner at your place tomorrow night. Or have you forgotten that?” Nick’s gaze swept the room. “Nice place.”
“Thanks.” My apartment was airy and comfortable. A big contrast to how I felt. “What are you doing here?” I sat on the couch, hands tucked under my bottom so he couldn’t see them shaking.
“I missed you. We spent a great night together, and then you don’t call for a week and don’t answer my calls? What’s going on? Have I upset you in some way?”
I shook my head and blinked back tears.
Nick came to sit next to me, and drew me close. “Then what is it? Why do you look so upset?”
“It’s nothing...” I’d planned to tell him the truth, but now the knot in my stomach rose up and choked me.
He shot to his feet and paced the room. “I don’t get this. There’s obviously something wrong. Why won’t you talk to me?”
“I can’t.”
Nick ran both hands through his hair and sat back down. “You can tell me anything, anything at all. Whatever’s bothering you, we can work through it together. I promise you that.”
“No, we can’t... Nick, I—”
“Look,” he said seriously. “It was not a coincidence that we met that day at the chapel. We were meant to walk into each other’s lives. That’s why we bumped into each other again at Stalford. I feel so much for you. I’d like to believe you feel the same for me. When we were together, I really felt you liked me as much as I like you.”
“I do, I really do. But—”
“Let’s not throw this away. One doesn’t come across something like this often. Carlene, I want to be with you. I know you’re still healing from the loss of your ex, and that’s why you’re holding back, but I am in love with all of you. We can work through this together.”
I rose to my feet and went to stand by the window, gazing into the darkness. “There’s too much you don’t know about me.”
“Tell me, baby. Let me in, so I can get to know you.”
“I can’t.”
He didn’t say anything more, but I could hear him shuffling around behind me.
He approached me, but I didn’t turn to face him. He stood so close that heat radiated from his body to mine.
My heart skipped a beat.
As he pressed the length of his body against mine, his erection hard against my butt, he made me forget about my plans to confess.
“Tell me you don’t miss this.” Nick wrapped his arms around me and slipped one hand inside the robe. He cupped my breast, and with the other hand, unraveled the cord of my bathrobe and peeled it off. The satin material brushed against my body and pooled at my feet.
The confession would have to wait. I needed Nick. Just in case I never got the chance to be so close to him again.
I shivered as he moved his free hand toward my panties.
With just a finger, he removed them from the area he was interested in and pushed them to my knees. He paused and took his hands away from my body, leaving me cold. He unbuckled his belt, unwrapped a condom. His warm breath caressed my skin as he slid it on. Then he pulled me close again, bent me forwarded, and parted my legs with his knees, opening me up to him. My breath caught as he gripped my thighs and pushed into me, igniting me.
He slid in and out slowly at first, and then faster and harder, as our moans, groans, sighs, and my screams merged into one.
I gyrated my hips from side to side, feeling all of him. It was hungry, painful, beautiful sex that stole my breath.
Together Nick and I rose up the ladder of passion, higher and higher, until we climaxed at the same time.
Panting, Nick straightened me but didn’t pull out. His arms remained wrapped around my body. He kissed my neck and the back of my ear. “Tell me you can live without this and I’ll leave.”
“I can’t,” I whispered. But inside, guilt gnawed at me. It couldn’t go on like this. He had to know. “But we need to talk.”
“Yes, we do.” He slid out then, and I turned to face him.
“I’ll go and have a quick shower first, is that okay?” I needed time to prepare myself for a moment that might just change everything.
“Take as long as you need. I’ll be here.”
When, five minutes later, I walked out of the bathroom, drying my hair, my eyes zoomed in on what Nick held in his hand, and my heart stopped. He held a framed photograph of Chris.
“Who is this?” he asked, his face ashen.
I leaned against the doorframe for support, suddenly dizzy with fear. “I... I... Nick...”
“Answer me, dammit!” he shouted, his voice a blade of steel that cut right through me. “What are you doing with my brother’s photo?” His eyes were daggers. “Who are you?”
“Nick.” I walked to him and tried to touch him, but he yanked his arm away. “You’re her, aren’t you? You are Marianne Adams, the woman who shot and killed my brother.”
“I can explain.” Tears welled up in my eyes and flooded my throat. “I wanted to tell you.” My first name was Marianne, but after Chris died I wanted to be someone else, and I started using my middle name instead.
He threw the photo onto the couch and grabbed his suit jacket. “What’s there to explain? You killed my brother,” he shouted.
I sank to the couch. “Yes,” I muttered. “But it was a mistake. The police confirmed it.”
“I don’t give a damn what the police think. How can a killer be innocent? You pulled the trigger. That makes you guilty of murder.” He leaned on the wall for support. His brows knitted and his eyes narrowed to blazing slits. “How could you not tell me? How could you make me find out like this?”
“Please sit,” I begged through my tears. “Allow me to explain.”
He straightened up again and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. “No.” He walked to the door. “I know the truth now. All I need is for you to stay the hell out of my life. You belong behind bars.”
“Please, don’t say that.” I shot up from the couch and ran after him as he barged through the door. I followed him, barefoot, all the way to his car, shouting his name. But I was too late.
Nick climbed into the Porsche, slammed the door shut, and drove away. 
I fell to my knees on the sidewalk—not caring that grains of sand dug into my skin—and buried my face in my hands, weeping. He would never forgive me. My happy ending had turned into a nightmare. But I wanted him back. So much that it hurt. But how could he love his brother’s killer?

END BOOK 1

REKINDLED MOMENTS (MOMENTS IN TIME #2) IS NOW AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE:

A Note from the Author

Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed this book, please consider writing a review.
If you would like to discuss the books in the Moments in Time series with other readers who enjoyed them, you are welcome to join the Moments in Time Facebook group.
To be the first to know about my new releases and giveaways, join my mailing list.


I love to hear from my readers. Connect with me:
Website
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Email: Dori_lavelle@yahoo.com.
