Love Endures, Phoenix

By
Michelle Stevens

Love Endures, Phoenix
Copyright 2013 by Red Phoenix

Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. 

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.

michellestevensauthor@hotmail.com
Special thanks to Jo-Anna Walker, Diane Barr, and Jacque the Book Pimp 
Book cover design by CopperLynn

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.

CONTENTS
New Beginnings
The Unexpected
Chance Meeting
Sad Truth
Secrets
Smell the Roses
Anniversary
Release
Open My Eyes
About the Author Michelle Stevens 

New Beginnings

I was there again, at the car accident. I saw the brown sedan crushed in the front. I hesitantly approached the driver’s side, noticing the cracked window smeared in crimson. Even though I was frightened, I was drawn to take a closer look. I leaned against the window and peered through the spider web of cracks. The man clearly had a gaping wound on the side of his head, but I couldn’t make out the details of his face. One thing was certain, he was dead; he was definitely dead. 
I turned towards the red Fiero. I knew to the core of my being that if I saw his face, my heart would stop beating. I headed towards it anyway. The sports car was severally misshapen. No one could have survived the impact of the crash. I knew that, but I continued forward. I had to be sure. I saw the outline of a body slumped over the steering wheel as I approached. “Nooo…”
I woke up shaking. The same dream had haunted me for weeks and each night I got closer to the car before the dream ended. I was deathly afraid that one night I wouldn’t wake up in time. I couldn’t bear the thought of seeing him dead, even in a dream.
I closed my eyes and let Mrs. Pinkerton’s words resonate through me. “Bad things are going to happen to you, it’s part of living. But you're strong and you can overcome them. Enjoy life. Embrace the sadness as well as the happiness. It's all a part of being on this earth.” Even though the love of my life died in a car accident, I was determined to make a future for myself and my son. 
My best friend Angie was constantly busy with her boyfriend Lucas, but she came over weekly to visit. Although she wasn’t a baby fan, Angie played the role of pseudo-aunt well. I was in for a laugh the day she brought an unexpected gift for him.
"A homemade gift...” she said with a smile.
I couldn’t wait to see what she had made for Jonathan. Lately, she had become quite skilled with the sewing machine. It was something I would never have guessed she’d be good at. For some odd reason, Angie was turning into a domestic goddess under Lucas’ influence.
I took the yellow bow off the box and handed it to Jonathan. He immediately started gumming it. I eagerly ripped the baby blue paper and lifted the lid. I was amused to see a beautiful yellow sundress and burst out laughing.
“Do you remember?” she giggled.  
“Of course I do!” 
I clearly recalled the day she’d insisted I was having a baby girl even though Scott was certain it was going to be a boy. Angie said then that she would make a dress for her and I promised to have my baby wear it. 
“Do you want him to try in on now?” 
She looked horrified. “Oh no, don’t you dare do that to this sweet innocent boy. I just brought it for a laugh.”
I lifted up the dress to admire it. The stitching was flawless and the dress was girlie and sweet. “Ang, this is beautiful. I am going to save it as a keepsake. Do you mind?”
“Why would I mind? I made it for you.” She grinned and then played with the bow Jonathan was holding. He let out a delightful peal of laughter.
I carefully folded the dress and smiled at her. “So how is it going with Lucas these days?” 
She beamed. “As wonderful as ever! He is teaching me so many new things and we travel everywhere together.”
“I’ve noticed. In fact, I am kind of shocked he lets you visit me once a week.”
Angie suddenly grew serious. “He knows how important you are to me. And…” she paused, shifting uncomfortably, “Lucas feels sorry for you.” 
It was my turn to feel uncomfortable. “No need for him to feel that way. I’m doing all right. Being a single parent isn’t easy, but it has its rewards.” I stroked my son’s soft hair. I hated people feeling sorry for me, it really grated on my nerves. However, I knew Angie wasn’t trying to be hurtful so I let her comment roll off my back.
Not only did I have Angie’s weekly visits, but every Tuesday my parents planned special adventures for us. We went to different museums, zoos, and parks around the Denver area. Although the outings were fun, the best part for me was the fact my father had fallen in love with his role as a grandpa. My dad had the look and mannerisms of a no-nonsense banker. As a father he had been distant, but as “Paw Paw” he’d transformed into a whole new person. 
“Where’s Jonathan?” he’d cry whenever he entered the house. My son lit up at the sound of my father’s voice. The man, who had always been so somber, got down on all fours and would roar like a lion to the glee of my son. Seeing him dote on Jonathan was the same as if he was focusing that attention on me, and it added a dimension to our relationship that had been lacking all of my adult life. 
But I wasn’t only limited to visits by friends and family, I also had access to the outside world through my computer bulletin board system, The Lighthouse. I’d lost almost 50 users when it went offline after Scott’s death, but I was determined to get the numbers back up. It was my hope that another couple would meet on the BBS and fall in love, continuing the legacy Scott and I started on The Lighthouse.
I made quite a few changes to the BBS since I reinstated it. My focus was on building relationships rather than playing games, but in memory of Scott I kept his personal favorite, Trade Wars. 
I expanded the discussion area by adding six new subs, including A Faith That Builds (a safe place to discuss personal beliefs) and I've Fallen and I Can't Get Up (a humorous sub celebrating life’s embarrassing moments). Both Daisy and Greywolf, two of my dearest friends, were in charge of a number of subs as well. I was confident an extensive variety of topics would help build the community and encourage more users to share. 
One thing I especially enjoyed was opening discussions that were of personal interest to me. I had recently started one on who makes a better mother. The responses to it were eye-opening:
____________
Title:  Better Mothers
From: Randolf #104
____________
In response to Phoenix's question about who makes the better mother - I have to say mothers who stay home. In fact, I think most of America's problems stem from the fact that mothers aren't home with their children. Too many parents would rather chase the all mighty dollar than raise their own children. That's why we have gangs and so much juvenile crime. Personally, it makes me sick!
--Randolf
____________
Title: I Support All Working Mothers!
From: Daisy #18
____________
Randolf, where do you get off blaming working mothers for all the ills in America? Such ignorance I cannot believe!
I feel that a woman should work if that is what she wants. A woman who feels good about herself will do a far better job raising her children than one who is caring for her kids because she "has to". What about absentee fathers? You can’t blame women solely; men have an equal part to play in this.
Hurray for all women who are concerned enough about their children to make a good example by working!  	
--Daisy
____________
Title:  Ignorance!
From: Mr. Ed #34
____________
I think both Randolf and Daisy are ignorant. This is not a woman vs. man problem, it is the complete disintegration of the family unit. If someone brings life into this world, than they better intend to do their best to make a good life for that child.  
That does not mean wealth or material things, it means giving that child a stable home, love, encouragement and yes, discipline. I have two daughters that I am very proud of. They have successful lives and I take some credit for it. 
--Mr. Ed
____________
Title:  It Don't Matter
From: Crossbones #53
____________
	You all act like this is a big deal. Let me tell you that my mother wasn't there for me and I'm just fine. I survived DESPITE my parents. 
It don't matter. Your kids can make it fine without you. That's all I have to say.			
--Crossbones
____________
Title: Wow, this is a charged subject
From: Phoenix #1
____________
	I didn't realize how strongly people would respond to my question. 
I personally believe children should be the first priority once two people decide to create a family. I'm a little surprised to find myself in agreement with you Mr. Ed, because you and I are usually on opposite ends of an argument.  
	Randolf, it's simplistic to blame the problems of today's youth on working mothers.  But I do agree there are some mothers who work (claiming they need the money) when in reality they just don't want to give up the luxuries they've grown use to.  
	Daisy, I'm sure you recognize that some women want to stay home, and shouldn’t be made to feel less because of it. Being a full time mother is an important job, too.
	Crossbones – hugs!
--Phoenix
____________

I said a quick prayer for Crossbones after I read the posts. Despite his protests, I could sense pain behind his words and my heart went out to him. The BBS and the people on it were an important part of my life—a second family to me. Even though I was alone in my home, I had over a hundred people I could talk to, learn from, and interact with.
Overall, I was content. I had been through a difficult tragedy and had made it through to the other side. My life was simple, but with my beautiful son, my faith in God and good people around me, I had enough to build a new life. I was moving forward and I knew Scott would be proud. 
I was not prepared for what lay ahead.


Fresh Insight

Glenn, alias Greywolf, had been Scott’s best friend. It was Glenn who’d helped me get the BBS back online after Scott’s death. I’d come to realize we needed each other’s company to get through the grieving process of losing him. Although I loved Scott with all my heart, I sensed his death was equally as hard on Glenn. 
During a conversation with him at my kitchen table, I was given a glimpse into Scott’s past, which was previously unknown to me. “So how long did you know him, Glenn?”
He put his coffee mug down and smiled. “I became friends with Scott when we were thirteen. We lived on the same block, but didn’t hang with each other until the fateful day when the whole neighborhood was out playing baseball. Everyone scattered when the ball crashed through old man Hinkle’s window—but not Scott. Even though it wasn’t his fault, he faced the wrath of the old man. Scott spent the next few weeks doing odd jobs for the guy to pay back the cost. I had nothing better to do, so I joined him. We became inseparable after that.”
Even as a kid, Scott had been brave. I loved my dead husband even more, and was curious what he’d been like in high school. I wanted to know more about Scott when he was a young man just starting out. “So, what was he like in high school?” 
“You would have laughed. He was a total geek.”
“I don’t believe it.” I thought back to our first meeting. I remembered Scott’s muscular physique and the fact he came to the door dressed like he was going to the gym. “He was so confident and athletic the first time we met. Heck, he reminded me of a high school jock.” 
 “Now, that is funny,” Glenn chuckled. “No, Scott was a hard working nerd. After school we spent hours playing video games at a local arcade. But I do remember he played baseball for a couple of years in Jr. High. Never lost the love for the game, though he stopped playing.”
“Hmm, maybe that’s where he got his ‘jockiness’ from.”
Glenn shrugged his shoulder. “It’s always possible.”
Throughout our courtship, Scott never once brought up his high school girlfriends, so I felt compelled to ask his best friend. “Was he much of a ladies’ man back then?”
Glenn laughed. “If you consider going out with one girl in eleventh grade who later dumped him for me a ‘ladies’ man’, then yes he was.”
I frowned, protesting his assessment. “But Scott was such a catch!” I couldn’t believe my handsome husband had been rejected by a silly high school girl. I shook my head slowly at Glenn. “Scott sure must have hated it when his girlfriend dumped him for you.”
He seemed troubled and didn’t speak for a moment. “Yeah, that was bad. It almost ended our friendship.” Glenn looked me in the eye, opening up for the first time. “I was a real ass back then, Beth. It’s not like I even cared about Rosalie, but when she showed an interest I took her up on it.”
My jaw dropped. “And Scott forgave you for that?” 
“In the end, he decided if she was the type of girl to make a pass at his best friend then she wasn’t worth having.”
I fingered the cross necklace Scott had given me for Christmas and huffed. “I might say the same about a best friend who takes his girlfriend up on it.”
Glenn cleared his throat. “Yeah, like I said, Beth, I was pretty messed up back then. Scott understood why, but that’s no excuse for what I did.” He sighed heavily before adding, “I’m lucky he was a better man than me.”
I didn’t think I would have been as forgiving as Scott, especially at the age of seventeen. I was impressed by Scott’s level of maturity, but it made me question Glenn’s. “What caused you to behave so badly?” 
Glenn closed his eyes and shook his head slightly. I sipped at my coffee, waiting patiently for him to answer. He remained silent, so I didn’t press him on it. However, there was something that concerned me based on the little he’d shared. 
“Can I ask you a question? If you betrayed Scott in high school, why did you ask me to join you on the BBS, Deserted Isle? Scott could easily have taken that the wrong way.”
Glenn opened his eyes, looking directly into mine. Those blue eyes were impossible to read and I felt shut out. There was a sense of relief when he finally answered my question. 
“Scott knew. I told him about wanting to invite you to the Deserted Isle.” Glenn rested his chin in his hand. “Hell, I’d been trying to get him to join that BBS for over a year, but he resisted. I think Scott was curious to see what you would do.” 
I smiled, thinking back on it. “And what did I do? I totally fell for the practical joke you two set up.” I punched Glenn in the arm with a little more force than was warranted. “I haven’t quite forgiven you for that day at Elitch Gardens, Greywolf.” 
“It was a day not to be forgotten,” Glenn said, grinning as he rubbed his arm in feigned pain.
“You big baby!” I hit him again for good measure. “Both you and Scott totally made a fool out of me that day.” Until that practical joke, I hadn’t known Scott and Glenn were best friends. At the amusement park they’d pretended to fight over me in front of the Deserted Isle users. The two had the audacity to laugh at my expense when I tried to smooth things over during their ‘fight’. The fact was, their little joke was so funny even *I* thought it was humorous—afterwards.
Glenn smirked as he drank his coffee. “Scott did have a devilish sense of humor.”
“It took both of you to pull it off, so don’t be putting all the blame on Scott, Wolffie! Still… I’m glad you invited me to Deserted Isle. They were a nice group of people.” It’d been ages since I had visited the site. “Do you still call there, Glenn?”
“Only rarely.”
“I stopped calling, I just don’t have the heart for any other BBS besides The Lighthouse these days.” I sighed, disheartened by the contrast of my life back then to now. I had been happy and carefree once upon a time... 
“I miss seeing you on the Isle, Phoenix.”
I raised my eyebrow at Glenn’s playful use of my alias. If I didn’t know better, I might have taken his comment as an attempt at flirtation. But the guy was a natural flirt; had been since the day I met him. Fortunately for me, I was immune to his winsome ways. 
“Glenn, am I right in assuming you were a ladies’ man in high school?”
He looked slightly embarrassed. “Not sure about the ‘ladies’ man title, but I had plenty of girlfriends in high school.” 
It didn’t surprise me. Glenn had a boyishly handsome face with blond hair and intense blue eyes. He was the object of much flirtation on The Lighthouse. “So, Casanova, what happened to all those girls?”
“I never found anyone serious, but I sure had a lot of fun.” He grinned mischievously. “What about you, Beth? Break a lot of hearts in Montana?”
I felt the heat rise to my face. Montana was a complicated can of worms for me. “No. I only dated a few guys during high school. I got serious with one in college, but… things didn’t work out.” My heart still ached from the shame of that breakup. “To be honest, it’s part of the reason I moved to Colorado. I needed a teaching job, but I also needed a fresh start.”
“Sounds like it was a pretty serious relationship…” He leaned forward as if he hoped to hear more, but I wasn’t in the mood to talk about it. Instead, I steered the conversation back to him. 
“I’m a little curious. If you’ve had so many girls in the past, how come I don’t see you with anyone now?” His face went pale for an instant. It was rare for Glenn to give away his emotions like that, and it made me wonder if he was hiding some tragic love story. 
He got up from the table abruptly and asked, “Hey, do you mind if I wake Jonathan up?” 
I made a mental note that the topic of ex-girlfriends/boyfriends was off-limits for the two of us. I glanced at the clock above the stove. It was about the time Jonathan normally woke up from his nap so I answered, “Sure, you can get him out of the crib if you want.” 
He carried Jonathan into the kitchen still rubbing his eyes with his tiny hands. I was pleased that Jonathan was looking more like Scott every day. His dark hair was finally starting to come in and his dark blue eyes were turning a dark shade of gray. 
“Looks like this guy had a good nap,” Glenn commented. Jonathan reached out to me and I took him into my arms gratefully.
“Did you have pleasant dreams, little man?” I cooed as I rubbed noses with him. Jonathan stuck his fingers into his mouth and began sucking them. 
“I guess you woke up hungry, didn’t you?” I got up from the table to ready his bottle, grateful when Glenn offered to hold him again while I prepared it. 
He made silly faces at Jonathan, filling the kitchen with my son’s sweet laughter. “Hey Beth, I’ve been toying with the idea of coming over to visit Jonathan on Saturdays. What do you think?”
I liked the idea of Jonathan having a male role model in his life, but I was still hesitant. I twisted on the nipple to the bottle and tested the temperature of the milk before responding. “Can I ask why?”
“I want to be here for Jonathan.” Glenn paused before adding, “If I am honest, Beth, I need it. It helps to be around this little guy.”
I understood completely. Jonathan was a connection to Scott and his innocent wonder of life was like a band-aid to my soul. “You know, Glenn…” I searched for the right words, “I hate to think what would have happened if I didn’t have Jonathan in my life.” 
I’d barely survived the dark days following Scott’s sudden death… 
With bottle in hand, I looked down at my son and smiled. “But you make it all worthwhile, don’t you, little man?” I reached out and tweaked Jonathan’s tiny nose. 
When I tried to take Jonathan from him, Glenn grabbed the bottle instead. “Do you mind?” he asked.
“No, by all means.” I stood back and watched as he put the bottle to Jonathan’s lips. My son began sucking eagerly. I had to admit it was touching to see my son cradled in a man’s arms. 
Glenn seemed to enjoy his new role too, based on the grin he wore. “Okay, then we have a game plan, Beth. Expect me every Saturday morning at ten from now on. You won’t have to stay here or do anything.” He lifted Jonathan for emphasis and said, “I’m just here for the kid.”
“Well, now don’t you know how to make a girl feel special?” I teased, but I was actually thrilled at the prospect of having a few hours on Saturday free. “I think I might just go visit Angie this weekend, if that’s okay.”
“No need to ask. Consider it your time, Beth.” 
My mommy heart was happy for Jonathan. Glenn would make an excellent “uncle” for him. However, I couldn’t help celebrating for myself, too. Saturday’s had just become a goldmine of possibilities.

The Unexpected

I walked up to the brown sedan and peered through the shattered window to see the driver slumped against the door. I gasped when I saw his face. His eyes stared straight through me. It took an instant to register that he was dead. Relief washed over me.
I turned towards the Fiero. I couldn’t bear it, but like a moth to a flame, I drifted towards the car. I tried to close my eyes, but they refused to shut. The car was smashed on the passenger side and twisted into the shape of a horseshoe. I saw his head resting against the steering wheel. I whimpered. I knew seeing his face would kill me, but I edged closer.
The window on the driver’s side was gone, shattered in a million pieces on the pavement at my feet. But there was no blood to be seen. I tentatively held out my hand to touch the back of his neck and heard a groan. “Scott?” 
He lifted his head and turned towards me. 
I woke up gasping for breath, my heart racing. It took several minutes to realize it was only a dream; he wasn’t alive. Then reality set in… I grabbed for Scott’s pillow and moaned into it, rocking myself back to sleep.  
The dream represented my deepest desire; I wished that the man responsible for Scott’s death had died in the accident, not Scott. The resentment and rage I felt towards him had been eating at my heart ever since the day of the crash. 
The anger I felt was the catalyst to me finally screwing the courage to call a small group at Scott’s church. I took out the pamphlet I’d kept in Sarah’s bible and looked over the list of groups. I found one for families. It was fairly close to my home and the description mentioned there was babysitting available. It looked promising, so I forced myself to call.
Carol’s warm voice instantly made me feel at ease. “We would love to have you come visit us, Mrs. Reiner. I have seen you around on Sundays with your sweet little boy. There are two other children his age in the group. We even have a babysitter.”
“Do I need to bring anything?”
“Oh no, we just do water and coffee. Nothing fancy, so we can concentrate on the good stuff. We start at six and end promptly at eight. I promise we will always end on time, because everyone has kids to put to bed.”
It sounded doable. “I guess I will see you on Thursday then.”
“Wonderful! It will be a treat to get to know you better. But remember, if our group isn’t a good fit for you, keep looking. Trust me, we won’t be offended.” I was grateful I could leave without upsetting the group if it didn’t work out.

****

Unfortunately, I ran late Thursday night because Jonathan spit up on me just as we were leaving the house. I had to change both our clothes and I didn’t make it to the group until ten minutes after it started. I hated being late for anything, but this was much worse because it was the very first meeting. I contemplated bailing, but Jonathan’s cute little baby sounds gave me courage. 
I plastered a smile on my face and walked up to the door. There was a sign on it that read, “Please let yourself in. Small group in session.” I held my breath as I opened it. I saw everyone sitting in a circle of chairs, facing each other. A perky lady who bounced like a cheerleader came over to greet me. “Oh, I am so glad you made it, Beth! I’m Carol. I was just telling the group about you. Here, we even saved you a seat.”
I sat down with Jonathan cradled in my arms. I looked around the circle of people. They seemed familiar, but I didn’t know any of them by name. I crossed my legs and held Jonathan even closer. Carol introduced me to her husband, John. He looked to be in his late thirties and his friendly smile settled my nerves. “It is nice to meet you, Mrs. Reiner.” I nodded my head.
Carol spoke to the group. “Everyone, this is Beth Reiner. You may have seen her around the church with her son, Jonathan.”
There were plenty of smiles and hellos. Luckily, no one looked at me with pity because I was a widow. If they had, I would have walked out on the spot. Instead, the group started up with a half-hour of worship. Carol handed everyone a sheet with the lyrics on it, but I just sat there and listened. Jonathan slept in my arms and I took comfort in watching him while the music played. 
Afterwards, John read a passage from the bible. John gave a little background history about the man it was centered around. Paul seemed like someone a modern Christian could relate to. He never met Jesus when he was alive but still lived a life devoted to Christ’s teachings. 
After John’s talk, the group asked questions and added their own observations. Normally, I enjoyed engaging in a good discussion, but this time I only sat and listened. A young father holding a newborn spoke up. “I admire Paul because he had an ailment that never was healed. Most people would feel God was ignoring them, but Paul drew closer to God through his suffering.”
His timid wife spoke up, “God knows our deepest needs. We just have to trust him.” 
I smiled sadly to myself. I knew just how hard trusting God through pain could be. 
Near the end of the study, Carol announced that it was time for prayer. It was enlightening—this prayer time. I was impressed how incredibly open the people were about their lives.
“I need prayer for my marriage,” a fair-haired woman named Katherine stated. “As you know, Frank and I have been trying to have a baby for years now. He’s ready to adopt because the infertility treatments aren’t working, but I’m not ready to give up yet. It is putting a real strain on our marriage.” I noticed her husband took Katherine’s hand in his. It was a beautiful gesture and I felt a twinge of jealousy.
 When it came my turn I almost passed, but I’d been encouraged by their honesty and decided to share what was eating my heart. I did not sugar coat it. “It’s been more than nine months and I still haven’t forgiven the man who killed my husband. It was his fault, yet he survived the car accident. I hate that he is alive and Scott is dead.” I looked down at Jonathan and added, “I wish it had been the other way around.” 
Just as he had with the others sharing their prayer requests, John nodded his head without comment and continued on to the next person. I was thankful no one acted upset or surprised by my revelation. After everyone spoke, John and Carol prayed for each request. All of us had our prayers offered up to God and it felt good, almost freeing. 
In one session I knew more about these people than most of the friends I’d known for years. I left feeling that this small group was exactly what I needed to move forward and I promised myself I would come back.
After such a positive experience with the small group, I couldn’t wait for Saturday to roll around. True to his word, Glenn showed up at my house at ten in the morning. After a pleasant cup of coffee and a few instructions on what to do with Jonathan, I left the two and drove to Angie’s apartment. It had been ages since I’d been to her place.
I knocked on her door and was surprised when Lucas answered. He did not look pleased to see me. He was a stockbroker by trade, always dressed in long sleeve shirts, tie and dress pants, even on the weekends. 
I had to admit he was striking with his sandy hair and bright green eyes. Coupled with Angie’s long blond hair, the two of them made a handsome couple. However, I didn’t care for the man. He was way too serious. 
Lucas grabbed his keys and headed out the door in an angry rush. I looked at Angie apologetically and shrugged my shoulders. 
“Oh, don’t worry about it,” she said. “He gets that way sometimes…” Angie gave me a hug and ushered me in. “It’s good to see you out in the real world, girlfriend.”
“Look at me, Ang! I’m not weighted down by a bazillion baby things.” I twirled to show off my lack of supplies.
“I see!” she said enthusiastically. “I can’t believe Glenn agreed to watch Jonathan. How did you get him to agree?”
“I didn’t. Glenn was the one who suggested it. Now I can do whatever I want when he comes over. Free babysitting, girlfriend!”
“Wow, I wouldn’t expect that from a single guy.”
“Me either, but Glenn was really close to Scott. If there’s one thing I know, being around Jonathan makes you feel like Scott’s near. I guess Glenn needs that as much as I do.”
“Well, the important thing is you are free to visit me!”
I felt giddy inside, like a little kid. “How about going to a movie? Or what about getting a quick bite at one of our favorite restaurants? Better yet, let’s do both!” 
Angie hesitated before answering. “I really think it would be best if we stayed here today. I’ve got lunch all planned out.” It seemed out of character from the fun-loving girl I knew and loved, but I wasn’t about to complain.
“So, what have you been doing with your life, Ang? Other than cooking, sewing and spending every weekend with Lucas?”
Angie laughed uneasily. “Gee Beth, you make it sound like I don’t have a life.”
“On the contrary, you are one of the busiest people I know.” I smiled and gave her a playful nudge.
“Unfortunately, that’s pretty much it. I work and when I am not working I’m busy doing things with Lucas.”
“Borrring!” 
Angie looked at me strangely, instead of responding with a witty retort like I expected. We always teased each other—it was our normal mode of operation. Today, however, it felt like I had crossed a line. 
That was the second time in recent history that I’d unknowingly stuck my foot in my mouth with a friend. I laughed it off by saying, “Well, look who’s talking. All I do is sit at the house, take care of Jonathan and compute. People might say that’s boring, but I’m quite content.” 
She smiled weakly and went to the kitchen to start lunch. I sat up on the kitchen counter and continued talking. “So, Ang, how’s work going?”
Her smile returned when she answered. “I am getting more and more clients. I think I might get salesperson of the month.”
“That’s fantastic!”
“Yeah, if I can keep it up, Lucas and I will be going to Hawaii for free.”
“I am envious of you, girl. You know how I want to travel.”
“Hey, maybe I can stuff you in my suitcase,” she offered.
“You know I will take you up on that, as long as you have a carryon for Jonathan to hide in.” We both giggled. Something suddenly clicked in my head. I hadn’t been attacked by a tongue bath. “Wait a sec… Where’s Maneater?” 
Angie looked at me wearily when she answered. “I found him a good home.” 
I couldn’t hide my shock. “You got rid of Maneater! But why?”
“Dog hair. With Lucas over so much, it became an issue. Don’t worry, I found Manny a nice family to live with.” I was stunned Angie had gotten rid of the little dog she loved so much. 
I looked around sadly. “The apartment seems empty without him.”
Angie shrugged. “I’m sure he is happier with little kids to play with. So, how are you doing these days?” 
I noticed she was abruptly changing the subject, but I let it pass. “I’m doing okay, which is better than ‘fine’ as you know.” She grinned at me knowingly. “Oh yeah, and I just joined a small group of parents at Scott’s church. I think it’ll help.”
“That’s pretty brave of you, Beth.”
“You’re not kidding. I hate going alone, but at least I have Jonathan. He’s kind of my buffer. I can always leave if I want and blame it on the baby.”
	Angie snorted. “You are a crafty one…”
I was done with the small talk. “Look Ang, I can tell something is up. Talk to me.”
“It’s nothing, Beth.”
I jumped off the counter and hugged her tight, whispering, “Please tell me what’s wrong.” 
She held onto me and said nothing. We stood there for several minutes until I heard the front door open. Angie immediately let go and went back to cooking.
I stood there stunned, realizing Lucas was the problem. He walked into the kitchen with a wide grin on his face. “It smells great, hon!” He kissed Angie on the cheek and she was all smiles as if nothing were wrong.
Lucas glanced over at me with pride in his voice, “Isn’t she something else?”
I nodded blankly, not understanding the dynamics between them. Angie looked totally fine. He seemed happy as well—but it didn’t feel right. 
With Lucas in the apartment, we weren’t able to have a meaningful conversation. I hated leaving Angie a few hours later, still feeling in the dark. I was determined to drag it out of her the next time she came to my house.

Chance Meeting

I was in for a surprise when I logged onto my BBS. Tranquility, AKA Carrie (Scott’s tire-slashing, stalker ex-girlfriend), was on the board asking to be reinstated back on The Lighthouse. I was shocked by her request and didn’t know how I felt about it. 
When I noticed that she was still logged on, I decided to engage her in chat mode:
Hello Tranquility.
Oh wow. Hi Phoenix.
It’s been a while.
Yes it has. 
There was a long pause. Even typing to her was awkward. Neither of us knew what to say and I didn’t quite trust her.
She started typing again. 
I saw you at Scott’s funeral, but you probably don’t remember.
Yeah, well I wasn’t myself… That was a bad day. Don’t remember much.
I’m sorry about what happened.
Me too. I felt the sting of tears. Still not over it. Never will be, I guess. :^(
So how do you feel about me getting back on?
To be frank, I’m surprised. I had to know more before I made my final decision. Can I ask why you want to rejoin the Lighthouse?
I miss the place, Phoenix. I had lots of friends here. But I know it is a lot to ask.
I could totally understand feeling lost without the group, but I wondered if she was still emotionally unstable. I wasn’t about to put myself or my users through that again, so I typed:
How have you been? 
Things haven’t been easy, Phoenix. But I’m getting by.
Have you found someone?
Nope. Still single, but that’s okay.
I understand… 
Yeah, I guess you do. Sorry
I never would have guessed I’d be single again. I looked up at Scott’s picture on the wall and began typing again. 
Life goes on, right, Tranquility? 
Yes it does and I’m hopeful about the future. 
I suddenly had a good feeling about Carrie. I couldn’t explain it, but I wanted her to rejoin our group. 
You know, I am totally fine with you coming back. No hard feelings. The past is the past.
Thanks Phoenix!
See you on the board, Tranquility. Welcome back.
There seemed something full circle-ish about having Carrie back. It sounded like she was moving on with her life and that pleased me. Scott and I had confronted her and prayed with her after months of inflicted misery. 
I wondered what Scott would think of my letting Carrie back on. Knowing his kind heart, I was sure he would have been pleased.	

****
Glenn came the next Saturday and asked if it would be okay to take Jonathan to a park near-by. I didn’t see any harm in it and let him. 
I called Angie, hoping we could meet up. She hadn’t come over during the week and I was desperate to talk to her. When I couldn’t reach her on the telephone, I decided that she must be off on another weekend adventure with Lucas. I prayed she was doing better.
That left me in an empty house. I hadn’t experienced being alone for quite some time and ended up wondering the house like a ghost, thinking of Scott and missing him. With nothing to distract me from the loneliness, I grabbed my purse and left the little house. 
I drove around aimlessly, unsure where I was headed. I eventually ended up at the mall. I bought a latte and sat down in the food court. It held the same attraction for me as the airport. I enjoyed watching people in public when they weren’t aware of being watched.
I was intently focused on a little boy sneaking food from his sister’s plate. I giggled under my breath each time he snuck a bite. Because of my focus, it took me a while to notice the professional woman standing next to me. She was wearing a white blouse with ridiculously large shoulder pads which, coupled with her cropped hairstyle, gave her the look of a man.
She indicated the empty chair at my table and asked, “May I sit here?” 
I looked around and saw there were no other seats available, so I shrugged and said, “Sure, why not?”
“My name is Deanna Jones. What’s yours?” She thrust out her hand.
“Beth… Beth Reiner,” I stammered, taking her hand. I had not expected such a formal greeting in a food court. She shook my hand vigorously. Deanna sat down and began stabbing at her Chinese meal, mixing up the noodles and sauce. 
“That smells good,” I commented.
“Would you like some?’ she asked, pushing the bowl towards me.
I chuckled. “No, I was just enjoying the aroma.”
“Do you come here often?” she asked between bites.
“Actually no, I haven’t been out much these days. How about yourself?”
“Yes, I’m here several times a week. I work not too far from the mall.” She slurped a noodle. “So what do you do for a living?”
“Right now I am raising my son.” I took a sip of my coffee. “But I used to teach first grade.”
She smiled. “So you like working with kids, do you?”
“Yep, it’s my passion. What about you?”
“I run the Prescription Pet Program at Children’s Hospital.”
My ears perked up. “Really? I used to volunteer at a similar program for nursing homes.”
“Isn’t it amazing what animal interaction can do for people?”
We talked enthusiastically about our experiences. She asked about my program and I explained how it was set up. The Children’s Hospital program sounded far more rigorous in its expectations of the animals and volunteers and I was truly impressed. She mentioned that they were in the process of expanding their program. Before leaving, she gave me her card and suggested I call sometime. It seemed like God was having his way in my life. I said a prayer of thanks for the chance meeting.
When I returned home, Glenn was already back with Jonathan. The two were playing in the front yard. Glenn had the sprinkler on and Jonathan was sitting just out of range of it. He was trying to grab the water and giggled whenever he got wet.
“He’s been doing this for the last fifteen minutes,” Glenn said with a grin.
I sat down next to him and watched. “Wouldn’t it be nice to have the wonder of a child?” 
“You just have to be with him and you have it,” he replied warmly.
“Yes, of course you’re right. I guess that’s one of the main reasons I love being his mommy.” I smiled at Glenn and nudged him. “Thanks for the reminder.” 
Glenn hoisted himself off the ground. “Well, I gotta head out.” 
“Thanks for taking Jonathan out today.”
“Oh no, you don’t have to thank me. I’m doing it for Jonathan,” and then he added, “….and Scott. But mostly for me.”
“So we’ll see you next week?”
“Neither rain, sleet, nor hail will keep me away from my appointed rounds,” Glenn said as he headed towards his car. I noticed it was new. Even though I wasn’t much of a car girl, I admired the sleek look of his dark blue Nissan. The only reason I knew it was a 300zx was that my brother Doug had recently bought one in canary yellow. 
“Nice car you got there, Glenn.”
“Thanks! One thing Scott taught me is that life is too short to drive a clunker.  I spent all my savings, but this baby is completely paid for,” he said, proudly patting the roof.
I gave him a thumbs-up. I hoisted Jonathan onto my hip and said, “Say bye-bye to Uncle Greywolf, little man.” We waved as Glenn drove away. Then I walked into the house and made my way to the computer. 
I sat down next to it and pointed to the Lighthouse screen. “Someday, my son, all this will be yours.” With a little difficulty, I typed while balancing Jonathan on my lap.
____________
Title: Hello My Fellow Lighthousers
From: Phoenix #1
____________
I wanted to welcome Tranquility back to our board. It’s been a long time, so some of y;lk’;ou may not know her. Please make her feel welcome.
I visited with a lady who works 565ggrt for a program called Prescription Pets. It’s a lot like what I used to do at the nursing homes. Who kbhthhbgnows, I might check them out sometime later.
Having one of those days missing Scott.  :^(
890786op8i78oy,9p	 
--Phoenix
PS – Little Keeper helped me type!

Sad Truth

	Angie cancelled on me again, but I wasn’t going to take it lying down. I called her, ready for a showdown. “Ang, say yes to meeting with me on Wednesday. Any other answer is not permitted.”
“I’m sorry, Beth. My schedule is full. I can’t spare the time. Maybe next week.”
“That’s what you told me last week.”
“Some of us have jobs, you know.”
“Is that supposed to be a dig to get me to shut up? Well, it isn’t going to work. You don’t have to come here. I can meet you. I’m sure my parents would be willing to watch Jonathan.”
“Seriously. My whole week is booked and I am flying out Friday evening with Lucas.”
I was desperate to connect with her. “Ang, I don’t understand. Why are you avoiding me?”
She sounded detached when she answered. “Don’t make a big deal out of it. I’m busy. In fact, I’ve got a client coming so I have to go.”
I made a last ditch effort to find out what was wrong. “Just tell me, are you okay? Is there anything I can do?”
I heard an exaggerated sigh before she finished with a curt, “I’m fine. Good-bye.”
I was worried about Angie, but was at a complete loss what to do. I left a message on the board to see if my friends had any advice. This was one time I was grateful Angie did not call The Lighthouse.
____________
Title:  What would you think?
From: Phoenix #1
____________
Hey gang, what would you think if a friend suddenly stopped seeing you and seemed depressed and distant? Keep in mind that this person has a mate and something seems odd between them.			
--Phoenix
____________
Title: Mind My Own Business
From: Mr. Ed #34
____________
I think the answer is easy enough: I WOULD MIND MY OWN BUSINESS!
--Mr. Ed
____________
Title:  You need to talk
From: Daisy #18
____________
In response to your question, Phoenix, I have to say the most important thing you can do is to have a heart to heart with this person. Something is obviously wrong and until you know what it is, you cannot help.
Unlike Mr. Ed, I believe it is your business because this person is your friend.
--Daisy
____________
Title: Dangerous Situation
From: Runner #22
____________
I believe this could be a serious situation and you need to confront your friend as soon as possible.
I made the mistake of not doing anything and in my case my friend committed suicide. I cannot stress enough that if yourfriend is struggling you need to find out sooner rather than later. Sometimes there are no second chances.
--Runner
____________

Mike, AKA Runner’s, post surprised and scared me. He had never been real on the board before, always playing the oversexed male. But what he was suggesting now frightened me. Was it possible that Angie could be contemplating suicide? I couldn’t imagine my fun-loving friend ever getting to that point, but with all the changes recently I began to wonder.
I felt sorry for Mike. I never suspected under that obnoxious exterior there was someone hurting underneath. I needed to chat with him on the board sometime. He deserved a one-on-one conversation after sharing something so personal. 
That evening, I asked my parents to babysit and made a surprise visit to Angie’s. The look on her face completely confused me. At first her eyes lit up like old times, and then a look of utter dread came over her face.
“Who is it?” I heard Lucas call irritably from inside the apartment.
“Nobody, just some salesperson,” Angie answered. I stared at her in disbelief. 
Lucas growled, “Tell him to go to hell. There is a no soliciting sign clearly posted.”
Angie whispered, “Meet me at the dumpster outside.”
I complied, suddenly far more worried about my friend. She met me five minutes later with a trash bag in her hand. “What the heck is going on?” I asked, unable to hide my concern.
“I’m sorry about this, Beth. Lucas is having a bad week. You really don’t want to be around him when he’s like this.”
“What are you talking about? If he is being a jerk, tell him to leave.”
“No, it is easier to keep him happy than risk pissing him off.”
“Angie, do you hear yourself? I can’t believe you would let a guy control you like that. You used to give me a hard time about being too focused on Scott, but look at you!” 
Angie instantly got defensive and turned to leave. I grabbed her arm and demanded, “What is really going on here? I’m your best friend, remember?”
“Beth, things are hard right now, but it’ll get better. Don’t worry about it.”
“What’s hard?” Angie gave me an ugly look and tried to rip herself from my grasp. “Talk to me, Ang. I’m not letting go until you do.”
“Look, it’s just that Lucas has been in a dark mood lately. He wouldn’t be able to handle you coming over tonight, Beth. Trust me.”
“I don’t understand. For the most part Lucas seemed happy the last time I was here. He went on and on about how wonderful you are.”
“He did that for you. Lately, all I’ve heard is how badly I’m screwing things up.”
“Well, then it’s time to get rid of the guy! There is no point in going out with someone who only brings you down.”
Angie looked distressed. “But I love him! Besides, he is not usually like this.”
“Ang, you can do better than Lucas. I mean seriously, look at us right now. Talking next to a garbage can? This isn’t normal.”
“I’ve got to go. I’ve been gone too long already...”
“Please, Angie, come with me. Let’s go to my house and we’ll talk. Please.”
Angie was already heading back. “I’ll call you sometime. Don’t worry about me.” 
I got on the BBS when I got home, desperate to help my friend. I was careful not to mention names when I posted.
____________
Title:  How can you tell?
From: Phoenix #1
____________
	I took your advice and I tried to talk to my friend. She hid the fact I was there from her boyfriend. How messed up is that? I have never seen her like this.
	I think she is being abused, but I have never seen a mark on her and she hasn’t complained about him hurting her. She did say he has been in a dark mood lately and he complains about everything she does. 
What is hard for me to understand is why she doesn’t want to leave him. Any advice or experience with this?		
--Phoenix
____________

The next morning, I got up early to read my friend’s answers to my question.
____________
Title: Get Her Help
From: Daisy #18
____________
	Phoenix, it sounds bad. He may not be abusing her physically, but it sure sounds like mental abuse. Sometimes that can be just as harmful.
	She needs to get out of that relationship before it escalates.
--Daisy
____________
Title:  My Mistake
From: Mr. Ed #34
____________
	I am not usually one to admit when I’m wrong, but here it goes. I was wrong, this is your business.
Phoenix, it sounds like your friend is in trouble. My advice it to call an abuse hotline and see what they say. Enough said.
--Mr. Ed
____________
Title: Emergency
From: Greywolf #69
____________
	Phoenix, you know with all of our teacher training that you cannot take any signs of abuse lightly. Although you and I are only familiar with child abuse, I am sure the same applies to adults.
	I agree with Mr. Ed, call the abuse hotline and find out what needs to be done.  Report it if you have to.  
	BTW, I’m available if you need me to watch Jonathan anytime this week.
--Glenn
____________
	After reading their posts, I immediately looked up the battered women’s center in the phone book. I called the number and was connected to a helpful woman named Linda. 
	 “Beth, your friend will need to come to the center to document the abuse. If she had any injuries, she will also need to visit the ER to make a chart of any current and past physical abuse. Understand that she has to specifically state that it was caused by her boyfriend. If she does this, the doctors are required to work with the Public Defender’s Office to secure protection for her and get an arrest warrant for the abuser.”
“What if my friend is reluctant to do that?”
Linda stressed that it was up to her. “Unless your friend initiates it, nothing can be done.”
I called Angie, even though it was only 7:30 in the morning. But before I dialed, I said a quick prayer. “God, I am really worried about my friend. Could you please bless the conversation I’m about to have?” 
I dialed her number, but it was Lucas who picked up—it seemed like he practically lived at her apartment these days. I tried to stroke his ego by asking, “Lucas, would it be okay for Angie to come to my place tonight?”
“She’s busy.”
“I know she is, but I’ve been going through a rough week. I’m really missing Scott. I could use her company. I’m desperate… please…” I cried for a little added sympathy. 
 The phone was silent and then he said, “You can ask her yourself.” He handed the phone over to Angie.
“What are you doing calling this early, Beth?”
“Hey, sorry about that but I was wondering if you could come over tonight? I know it’s a long drive after work. I really need to talk to you. It’s urgent.”
“I don’t know, Beth. I don’t have the time.”
I heard Lucas say in the background. “You should go.”
“I guess I’m coming,” she said in a lackluster voice. I was confused by her response.  Didn’t she want to get away from him? Didn’t she want to talk to me?
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow then.” 
Angie didn’t even say good-bye. She just hung up on me.
I called Glenn and explained what was going on. He agreed to take Jonathan for a couple of hours so I could take care of my friend.	

Secrets

Angie was reluctant to talk when she arrived at my house. After a few awkward minutes, I decided to make a pot of coffee and I brought out a bowl of chocolates. She smiled and unwrapped one, stuffing it in her mouth with relish.
“How have you been?” I asked nonchalantly, grabbing my own chocolate from the bowl.
She shrugged her shoulders and continued chewing. But then she asked, “So what’s wrong with you? Lucas said you are having troubles.”
“My trouble is that my best friend won’t see me or talk to me and I am worried about her.”
“Hmm…so this was all a ruse, huh?”
“No, I am completely serious. I am worried about you, Ang.”
She rolled her eyes. “I already told you not to worry about it. You are making a big deal out of nothing.”
“Has Lucas ever hurt you?”
Angie looked shocked. “What? It is not like that. Lucas would never hurt me on purpose.”
“So, he’s hurt you accidently?” I pressed.
“That’s not what I meant.” She frowned. “Don’t put words in my mouth, Beth!” 
“I’m just trying to understand. You don’t seem like yourself anymore. You’ve been really down lately.” Angie started to tear up. I thought she was going to finally tell me what was going on, but she remained silent. “How can I help you if you won’t talk to me?” I pleaded.
It took her several moments to speak. It was obvious she was having difficulty getting the words out. “I’m so ashamed.” Angie paused. A tear fell as she finally opened up to me. “I don’t know how it got to this point.”
“What’s happened?”  
“I feel embarrassed even saying anything. But there have been a few times…” She stopped and looked away from me.  
“Come on, just say it. Spit it out,” I implored.
 She looked down at her cup and began to stir her coffee slowly. “There was one time Lucas pushed me to the ground. But he was overly upset and rightfully so. I’d totally pissed him off.”  
I swallowed hard, trying to keep calm. “Have there been any others?”
“Well, he pulled my hair once. But we were having a huge argument and I wanted to leave the apartment.”
“Angie, a boyfriend shouldn’t do that. It is not okay.”
“I feel stupid now. I think I’m making a big deal out of nothing. Both times we were having terrible fights. I said some pretty awful things to him.”
“Angie, look at me. He should never touch you when he is angry.”
“You don’t know him, Beth. Lucas had a horrific childhood.” Her eyes looked as if they held some terrible secret. “If you only knew…” She started stirring her coffee in an agitated manner. Then she whispered, “Oh Beth, if you knew you would understand why he acts the way he does sometimes.”
“Feeling sorry for him doesn’t give him the right to hurt you,” I insisted.
“I love Lucas, Beth. He loves me, too. He is the smartest guy I’ve ever met and I have learned so much being with him. It’s just that he has this anger issue.” 
“But Angie, you’re scared of him!”
“No, I just don’t like it when he gets angry. It takes so long to calm him down, you know?” She said it as if it was a commonplace occurrence.
“I never had that problem with Scott. Yes, we argued. But he never once touched me in anger.”
“Well, Lucas is not Scott. What can I say? Not everyone is perfect.” Angie’s words stung and I recoiled from her. She knew she had overstepped the line and grasped my hand. “I’m sorry, Beth. I shouldn’t talk about Scott like that. Forgive me?”
Now I was even more determined to make her face the truth. “Angie, I called a battered women’s center. If you come with me right now, we can document what’s happened. I don’t want you to get seriously hurt during one of his ‘accidents’.”
Angie looked horrified. “I told you, Beth. It’s not like that! Lucas is not an abuser. I can’t believe you.” 
“I care about you, Ang,” I put my hand around her, but she pulled away. I could see I wasn’t getting anywhere, so I changed tactics. “Okay, just promise me two things. First, if he ever hurts you again, you will come straight over here; accident or no accident. And two, you have to keep visiting me every week. If you stop coming, I am going to assume something is seriously wrong.”
She calmed down after my demands were made. Angie actually smiled when she grabbed another chocolate. “Okay fine. I agree to both, but you don’t have anything to worry about.”
“I hope so.” Before she left, I slipped the number for the Battered Women’s Center into her purse. I prayed that she would never have to call it.
Glenn returned after Angie left. When Glenn tried to put Jonathan down, he protested. “I think he likes you,” I complimented. “What did you do to earn that kind of affection? Do you spoil him rotten when I’m not around?”
“I’ll never tell,” Glenn answered, picking Jonathan back up. “It’s our little secret.” They touched heads together and I heard Jonathan giggle softly. It was endearing, but I was worried about Angie.
“I don’t know what to do, Glenn. My friend wouldn’t want me talking to other people, but I am extremely worried about her.”
He sat down on the couch and bounced Jonathan on his knee playfully, but his look was serious when he spoke. “Let’s make a deal. Don’t tell me your friend’s name and I won’t ask. Just tell me what’s got you worried.” 
I smiled gratefully and explained what she said and how she reacted when I confronted her. “She doesn’t seem to think there is a problem.”
“Beth, I hate to say this, but I don’t think there is anything more you can do. I asked several sources and it’s clear that she has to be the one to take action.”
“I know,” I said miserably. “But how can you open the eyes of someone who is purposely keeping them shut? I don’t understand how she could love him when he’s being so unkind and controlling.” I stroked Jonathan’s hair, trying to fight back the tears.
“Love is a strange thing, Beth. People are willing to put up with a lot of pain for it.” Glenn spoke with such conviction that it made me wonder again about his past. 
I shook my head sadly. “Love isn’t supposed to hurt.”
“It would be nice to believe that.”
I looked at Glenn thoughtfully, hoping he would share more. When he failed to I said, “Well, something positive did come out of the talk with my friend. She promises to come to me if it happens again. I also gave her the number to the battered women’s center.”
Jonathan was anxious to be mobile, so Glenn put him on the floor and he made a beeline towards the kitchen. “Unfortunately, Beth, that’s about all you can do.” 
“Do you mind if we pray?” I asked. Glenn looked at me strangely and it took an instant for me to register why. “Oh, I’m sorry. It’s just something that Scott and I used to do. I forgot you’re not into that.”
He chuckled lightly. “Hey, Scott and I may have been a lot alike, but that is not something we shared.”
I was embarrassed, so I offered to make dinner in order to gracefully vacate the scene. Glenn played with Jonathan while I was cooked a simple meal of boxed mac-n-cheese and frozen broccoli. I served it on paper plates in order to save on dishes. Ever since becoming a single parent, I’d pretty much given up on cooking and dishes. Thankfully, Glenn didn’t seem to care.
While we ate, he made a suggestion I couldn’t pass up. “Beth, I was wondering if you would like to join Jonathan and me sometime on one of our Saturday outings. I’ve been thinking of exploring the best parks in Denver with this little guy. I’ve been researching them and thought it would be cool to rate them as we go.”
Being a mom, there were times I was jealous of other people taking my son out on new adventures. I wanted to see his reactions and share in his wonder and joy. Frankly, I didn’t want to miss a thing. “That sounds like fun to me.”
“Great.” He stabbed a broccoli with his fork and waved it in front of Jonathan before popping it into his mouth. Jonathan squealed in childish mirth at Glenn’s antics. 
I couldn’t help laughing. “It takes so little to entertain this boy.” I rubbed the top of Jonathan’s fuzzy head. “So when should I plan on it?”
“Whatever weekend is convenient for you. It doesn’t matter to me.”
“Well, we could do this Saturday. I’ve heard we’re supposed to have amazing weather on the weekend. I can even pack a lunch for the three of us if you’d like.”
“Sounds good.” Glenn winked at me as he teased Jonathan with another broccoli.
On Saturday I packed a simple lunch of sandwiches, chips, and juice boxes into a small cooler. I met Glenn down at Denver’s City Park. The huge park surrounded Denver's impressive natural history museum. 
Being a busy place, it took me a while to find a parking spot. I made my way to the front of the building with Jonathan in my arms. Glenn was already there waiting for us. He took the cooler from my hand and we began walking leisurely down one of the paths lined with large shade trees. “What's the museum like?” Glenn asked, pointing to the large brick building.
“You've never been?” I was a little shocked because he was a high school teacher and all, but then I remembered he only taught math. “You should go sometime. It is the kind of place you can spend a whole day exploring. The minerals exhibit is cool. I just love looking at all the gems and natural gold pieces, plus they have a crystal cave that’s totally unbelievable. But my favorite area is the North American exhibit, especially the wolves.” Glenn let out a howl in honor of his BBS alias. I laughed, enjoying his odd sense of humor. 
The sky was full of puffy clouds, making the day pleasantly warm instead of hot. I looked around and saw the grass littered with people lying out to get some sun. I was envious of individuals who could tan when all I ever did was burn and freckle. I eventually found a comfortable spot in the shade, next to the large lake.
“Will this work?” I asked.
“Looks good to me,” Glenn replied. He put the cooler down and sat beside me. When my son leaned towards him, Glenn took Jonathan off my lap.
I looked out over the water and noticed several couples in paddleboats. “That sure looks like fun, doesn’t it?”
I guess he thought I was making a suggestion, because he asked, “Do you want to go out on the water, Beth?” 
“Nah, I was just making conversation. I doubt Jonathan is even old enough.” 
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Glenn replied with a lopsided grin. We stared at each other awkwardly and then his stomach growled. Glenn raised an eyebrow and looked towards Jonathan, pretending it was him.  
“Very funny. Jonathan’s stomach isn’t that loud,” I teased. “Isn’t it a little early to be hungry?” 
Glenn shrugged and smiled charmingly when his stomach growled a second time. 
“Well, I hope you like sandwiches, Wolffie.”
“I do, Beth. Thanks.” 
I handed him a roast beef sandwich and a bag of chips. The two of us enjoyed a mid-morning picnic under the shadow of trees while Jonathan drank from his bottle. 
I’d brought peanuts for the squirrels and several of the curious creatures visited us while we ate. One came close to Jonathan and he screeched gleefully. The squirrel exited the scene as if the hounds of hell were chasing after it.
“Did you know there's a squirrel in this park that actually attacks people?” Glenn informed me. “I heard it on the news recently.”
“Sounds a bit like the killer rabbit in Monty Python’s Holy Grail,” I giggled. When the next squirrel approached I shuddered in pretend fear. 
Glenn cupped his hands and shouted, “Watch out, killer rodent on the loose!” A family passing by looked at us strangely and we both broke into hysterics.  
After we finished lunch, I lay down on the grass. I looked at the blue sky through the leaves, grateful for the peaceful moment. I turned my head and saw that Jonathan was fast asleep on Glenn’s chest. It was wonderful to lie there listening to the sounds of others playing in the park. I sighed happily, murmuring, “This is the life…” 
We stayed there more than a half-hour in pleasant silence until Glenn said. “I loved you the first moment I met you.” 
I turned towards him chuckling, certain it was a repeat of the joke he’d played at Elitch’s with Scott—but the intensity of his eyes scared me. 
“Seriously, Beth, I’ve loved you since the Christmas party.” 
I was too shocked to say anything and looked back up at the sky. 
“The first time I saw you I was taken by your red hair, but it’s so much more than just your beauty. You and I can discuss any topic and I thoroughly enjoy your humor.”
I closed my eyes. “Glenn, please…don’t say any more.”
“I have kept this inside for so long. I want, no I need you to know how I feel.”
“Okay,” I said reluctantly, giving him permission to continue although I desperately wanted him to take it back.
“Beth, please look at me.” 
I turned my head towards him, fearful his words would kill the friendship we had. 
Glenn’s blue eyes sparkled when he confessed, “Just being near you makes me happy. You feel like home to me.” The look of adoration in his eyes made me blush. “I didn’t believe in love at first sight until I met you.”
I felt absolutely wretched. There Glenn was pouring out his heart while Jonathan lay on his chest sleeping. If I shared his feelings, the scene would have been incredibly romantic. Instead, I was feeling growing panic. Was there a way to spare his feelings and keep our friendship? I couldn’t afford to lose Glenn in my life. 
“Remember the day at the amusement park?” he asked.
I looked at him wearily. Those memories took on a whole different meaning now. “Of course I remember, Glenn.” 
“I told you how I felt then, although it was up as a ‘joke’. But the hardest day of my life, the ultimate test of my sanity, was watching the two of you get married. A part of me died that day.”
How could he love me for years? He had to be kidding… I would have known if he wasn’t. “No, Glenn. I don’t believe you.”
“You have to understand, Beth, Scott was my best friend and I knew how he felt about you. I already explained the history between us. I had no choice but to keep my feelings to myself. I wasn’t willing to lose Scott as a friend.”
I looked back up at the sky, unsure what to say. I hated to hurt Glenn, but I didn’t share his feelings. After several minutes, he broke the awful silence. 
“Would it have been better if I waited to tell you?”
I continued to look skyward. “No, it wouldn’t have made a difference.” 
More silence.
“Beth, could you ever love me?” 
I focused on a cloud shaped like a bird when I answered. “I do love you, Glenn, but not in that way. You’re like a brother to me. I can’t imagine seeing you as anything else.”
Glenn didn’t respond. I snuck a glance, but his head was turned from me. We lay there in complete silence until Jonathan began to stir on Glenn’s chest. He gently handed Jonathan to me without saying a word. Then he got up and left.
“I’m sorry…” I whispered as he walked away.


Smell the Roses

The small group I had attended for the last month was becoming an important part of my life. Even though we all had vastly different personalities, I cared about each individual there. There were two women in particular that I had a deep connection with. 
Becki was younger than the rest. She was attractive with her straight brown hair and doe-like eyes. She and her husband married at the age of eighteen and already had their first child. Becki looked at the world through the veil of the young and untried. It was refreshing to my soul. 
Rebecca was closer to my age and had two children by two different fathers. Her short Dorothy Hamill haircut fit her no-nonsense personality. From what I picked up in conversations during group discussion, her first marriage had ended in divorce. What attracted me to Rebecca was her in-your-face honesty. She wasn’t one to mince words, so I always knew where I stood with her.
The three of us decided to meet once a month at Rebecca’s home for an hour of worship. I wasn’t sure what to expect the first day I arrived. “Do you girls have a preference on music?” Rebecca asked. Both Becki and I shrugged our shoulders. “Great, because I already had one picked out.” She put on a CD called Praise 12 He Is Able. “It has one of my favorite songs,” she said with an uncharacteristic grin.
Once the music began playing I sat down, but I noticed both Becki and Rebecca remained standing with their eyes closed. Rebecca began swaying to the music while Becki stood stalk-still with a sweet smile on her face. I stood up and closed my eyes. I soon found myself swaying like Rebecca. Worship was like meditation for me. Listening to the lyrics brought me into a place of being aware of God’s voice. 
The first song, I simply sang to God. During the second song, the words brought tears to my eyes, and then came the song, “Lord of Love”; that particular song brought me to my knees. The lyrics and gentle rhythm felt exactly like a love song. It expressed my deep passion for God and was somehow mixed with my love for Scott and my profound love for Jonathan into an exquisite tangle of pure adoration. I could barely breathe from the emotions it birthed in me. After the song ended, I felt completely spent and sat in a kneeling position on the floor. 
The warmness of God’s presence filled my mind and seemed to root out the hatred I held for the man responsible for Scott’s death. A chill ran down my spine as a vision came to me. My hatred appeared as a black twisted mass of thorny vines weaving together around my heart, actively choking it. My heart was wounded and bleeding from the assault. 
I got up and ran to the bathroom, trying to block the image from my mind. I sat on the edge of the bathtub, rocking back and forth in an attempt to calm myself down. I moaned in anger at the man who had destroyed my future, in pain from the loss of Scott, and in fear. Fear of what God was asking me to do. 
“Beth, are you okay?” Becki asked from outside the door. I clamped my hands over my mouth to stop the noise, but I couldn’t. Becki opened the door and immediately came to my side, hugging me tightly. “It’s going to be alright. You’re going to be okay,” she said over and over.
Rebecca came in soon after and kneeled on the other side. “Beth, I could feel God’s hand on you out there. What did he reveal to you?”
Rebecca’s proximity seemed to calm my nerves and I was finally able to regain control. I struggled to say out loud what completely terrified me inside. “I need to forgive the man who killed Scott.”
Becki put her hand to her lips in surprise, but Rebecca nodded her head as if she expected it. “Well, then you know what you need to do. Let’s pray.” She got up off the floor and offered her hand to pull me up. We walked back into the living room and both of my friends placed their hands on my shoulders.
I barely choked out the words, “Lord, I know what you are asking me to do. Help me to have enough courage.” My two friends prayed for strength and the determination to follow through with it.
As I was leaving, Rebecca stopped me, “Don’t chicken out on this, Beth. This is too important.” She sounded an awful lot like Angie. I wasn’t sure if I could handle two Angie’s in my life. 
“Give me some time,” I begged her.
“One month. That’s it. When we meet back here, I expect you to have contacted him.” 
I smiled nervously. A month seemed like far too short of time to accomplish such a difficult task. “I’ll try.”
“Don’t try—do!” she admonished. I hoped that I wouldn’t fail. I didn’t think I could face Rebecca if I did.
When I got home, I looked at Scott’s picture on the wall. I ran my fingers over his face. “Scott, I am scared to meet the man who tore us apart. I have this burning desire to get even and tear him apart. I don’t know what to do with my anger. I need your strength right now.”
Normally, I would have called Angie, but she was emotionally unavailable to me now. I briefly thought of Glenn and had to laugh. That door had been closed as well, leaving me quite alone in the world. 
I picked up Sarah’s bible and delved into what Jesus had to say. I thought I would find comfort there, but instead I became even more anxious. I read passages that stated that if I chose not to forgive that horrible man, God would not forgive me. 
“Lord, please take this heart of stone and turn it to flesh towards this man. I want to forgive him, but I don’t know how.” I lay on the floor in tears. I felt strongly I was the problem, but I heard no voice of guidance. Despite the silence, I believed that my prayer had been heard and had to trust it would be answered.
Having written Glenn off, I was shocked to hear his car drive up Saturday morning. I assumed, after my rejection, he would stop coming to visit Jonathan. My respect for him shot up tenfold, even though I dreaded answering the door when I heard his familiar rap on the door.
I couldn’t bear looking into his eyes, so I looked past him. “Hello, Glenn.”
“Beth.”
I opened the door wide to let him pass. “I’m glad you came.”
“Why wouldn’t I?”
“No reason,” I replied, unwilling to state the obvious. It looked like Glenn was going forward as if nothing had happened and I was happy to oblige. 
Initially it was uncomfortable, but as soon as Glenn saw Jonathan he visibly relaxed. “Did you miss your Uncle Greywolf, little man?” Jonathan grabbed a chunk of his blond hair and pulled. “Oh, so that is how it is. Abuse the uncle, will ya?”
I laughed but then stopped myself. I suddenly felt uncomfortable and blurted, “Are you two going anywhere special?”
“Yeah, I’m taking Jonathan to a Denver Bears game.”
“Really?”
“Yep, I even bought him a hat.” Glenn pulled a tiny baseball cap out of his back pocket and placed it on Jonathan’s head. Jonathan immediately grabbed it and pulled it off.
“That’s so cute!” I couldn’t help smiling at my adorable son. “Could you put it on again? I want to get a picture of him.” I ran to get my Polaroid. Glenn placed it back on his head and I took a shot before Jonathan could pull it off again.
“Wait.” Glenn took the sunglasses off the top of his head and put them on Jonathan, along with the baseball cap. All of the sudden my baby looked so grown up! I took another picture. Jonathan would have none of it and pulled off both, dropping the hat but chewing on the sunglasses.
Since I wasn’t going along I couldn’t help asking Glenn, “If you will be in the sun for that long, could you make sure to keep him in the shade?”
“Okay, Mooommm,” Glenn teased. “You don’t have to worry, I got the two of us box seats.”
“No way!” I was secretly jealous. I’d always wanted to watch a game from those fancy seats.
“Yep, I have a friend who knows a friend.” Glenn looked at his watch. “We better get going. See you later than usual.”
“Fine.” I was a little depressed that Jonathan would be gone most of the day. I kissed the top of his sweet baby head before they left. “Don’t spoil him too much.”
Glenn grinned charmingly. “I make no promises. This little guy gets noticed where ever we go. People can’t help but spoil him.” 
I could just imagine women fawning over my son in an attempt to flirt with Glenn. What was wrong with me? I never worried about Glenn’s social life before. “Don’t have too much fun.”  
Glenn chuckled. “Don’t worry, we will.” 
When they left, the house felt empty. Since I hadn’t expected Glenn to come, I had nothing planned for the day. To relieve the loneliness I went to my trusted BBS and logged on. 
____________
Title: First Kiss
From: Tranquility #85
____________
Okay guys, I want to hear all about your first kiss. Who was it, where was it, and what was it like? I’ll start!
I kissed Keith (my first crush) inside the janitor’s closet at my Jr. High and it was amazing. He had really great lips. Yum!
-- Tranquility
____________
Title:  My Yucky First Kiss
From: 	Daisy #18                       
____________
I do not have good memories of my first kiss. It was Ted, my first “bad boy” experience. We even ditched school to do it.  
It was outside the school and he was a smoker, of course. I told him I had never kissed a guy. He leaned in… I leaned in… and then he french-kissed me.  My first kiss?  Here was this tongue sticking into my mouth like a worm and it tasted like smoker’s breath and sticky saliva. Nasty! I literally felt sick afterwards.
Shuddering just thinking about it.
-- Daisy
____________
Title: Ah, My First Kiss
From: Greywolf #69
____________
Let’s see…
 It was Rachael, in second grade, under the jungle gym. The kiss? Very sweet. She wanted to go steady. But hey, I wasn’t about to tie myself down.
--Greywolf
____________
Title: Seriously People, We’re Talking About Kissing?
From: Mr. Ed # 34
____________
Fine.
My wife of 26 years, at homecoming. I married the girl, so that should tell you how it went.
--Mr. Ed
____________
Well, this was certainly a new discussion for the board, but I kind of liked it. It gave me a completely new perspective on my computer friends. I decided to add my own post.
____________
Title: I’m Game
From: Phoenix #1
____________
Okay Tranquility, my first kiss was when I was in fourth grade. I went over to a friend’s birthday party. They had this silly game where you pulled out a piece of paper and do whatever was on it. Well, lucky me I pulled out one that said I had to kiss somebody with my mouth full of water. Ugg! I had never kissed a boy before, and then I had to do it like that in front of everyone?
I couldn’t believe it when a cute boy offered to let me kiss him. We kissed on the lips and I think I only got him a little wet. I still blush when I think on it.
BTW, Runner absolutely no comments about this one. I mean it!

--Phoenix
____________
I laughed after I finished posting. I could just imagine Mr. Ed and his dear wife at a dance, and then poor Daisy–gag!
I knew I still had the whole long afternoon ahead, so I decided to do something just for me. I drove to the local greenhouse and picked out any and all flowers that called to me—I didn’t hold back. I went down each aisle saying, “Okay, which of you lovely plants want to come home with Phoenix?” 
I added snapdragons, columbines, butterfly plants, daisies, lilies, violets, carnations and three different types of roses to my cart. When it was completely full, I made my purchase and returned to my little home.
I got out a shovel and chose a spot for the new flower garden. I dug out the grass, mixed in the soil and sat down to plant. I dug each hole, carefully placed the plant inside, and patted it down with love. Where once there had been only grass, there was a now a rainbow of color. I got out the hose and watered my lovely new garden. 
I couldn’t wait for Jonathan to come home and see my creation. I could just imagine the fun we would have playing with snapdragons, watching butterflies, making daisy chains, and smelling the roses as the summer wore on. Unfortunately, Jonathan was completely zonked out when he returned from the baseball game. Instead of enjoying the garden together, I had to put him straight to bed. 
Glenn, however, made me laugh out loud. As he walked to his Nissan, he took one look at my colorful garden and said with a cheeky grin, “Way to kill the grass, Beth.” 

Anniversary

Scott’s death anniversary was near and with it came a sense of dread. The pain of that day had never left and I carried scars no one could see. While the rest of the world carried on with their lives, I was left to anticipate and reflect on the day Scott was ripped away from me. Although my life had continued on, I felt like I was stuck in a pseudo-life just pretending it was enough. What I truly desired was to be in the loving embrace of my husband with Jonathan in-between us; a complete family.
To honor Scott, I decided to make a trip to the mountains. He loved backpacking and I was broken-hearted I had never gone with him. Scott and I had often talked about going with my parents, but it never worked out and now that opportunity was gone forever. 
I’d asked both Angie and Glenn to join me for an overnight trip so I could be close to Scott in the mountains he loved. Angie called back and gave me unwelcomed news. “I’m sorry, Beth. Lucas has a big weekend trip planned.”
“You guys go every weekend. Couldn’t you miss one? You know how important this is to me.”
“Honestly Beth, if I could cancel I would! But Lucas can’t get a refund and will lose a lot of money if we don’t go. Any other weekend would work.”
“Do you realize how stupid that sounds? Let’s just move the anniversary of Scott’s death, so we can work around Angie’s travel schedule.”
“I’m really sorry, Beth.”
“It stinks, Ang. It totally stinks!” I can’t say I was surprised by her news, but it still hurt. I resented Lucas for being such a prick, and Angie for allowing it. 
I called Glenn and was shocked when he told me, “I’m sure it will be fine, but I need to talk to Heather before I commit.”
I suddenly felt sick. Of course, it was natural that Glenn would start dating after I told him how I felt. But the thought that I might not have him by my side on Scott’s anniversary was devastating. “I hope you can come, Glenn.” I couldn’t hide the anxiety in my voice.
“Don’t worry, Beth. I’ll explain it to her.” 
I imagined a strange girl coming with Glenn and I knew I couldn’t handle it, especially on this trip. “I know this will sound rude, but I prefer if she didn’t come with us.”
He sighed. “I didn’t plan to invite her. This isn’t easy for me either, you know. It may have been a year since his death, but it doesn’t feel that way to me.”
I stifled a cry. “Me either. Of all the people I know, you are the only one who knows the pain I feel…I don’t know if I could face the day without you.”
“I’ll be there, Beth. I’m sure Heather will understand.”
I hung up the phone slowly. So her name was Heather. Why did I have a pit in my stomach when I thought of her? Glenn was moving on with his life and I wanted him to. The more I thought about it the worse I felt. Then it became clear to me. If he found someone, I would lose him. I berated myself. “You want Glenn to be happy. Help, don’t hinder.”
July 22nd arrived with the same heat it had the year before. I woke up feeling lightheaded and tingly all over. I realized I was hyperventilating and forced myself to take deep breaths.  
The day hadn’t even started yet and I was already struggling. I ran to Jonathan’s room and picked him up. I knew holding him would give me some sense of peace. I walked him around our little house, pacing nervously. I really needed to get the day started. I called Glenn and asked him to come earlier than we originally planned.
I had already gathered all of Scott’s backpacking supplies. His pack smelled of old campfires. I began to hyperventilate again as I packed the last minute food items in. I had to remind myself to breathe deeply. “You can do this, Beth. You can do this,” I encouraged myself.
Glenn did not knock when he came. He knew that this day—of all days—it was not allowed. He walked in and smiled sadly, grabbing Scott’s backpack off the table.  
“Do you want me to make a pot of coffee?” I asked.
He answered with a slight shake of his head. I’d never seen Glenn look so despondent. Regardless of the reason, it was obvious it was going to be a difficult day for both of us.
I carefully buckled Jonathan in the car seat and we drove to my parents’ in silence. My mom looked at me sadly when I handed Jonathan over to her. “Are you okay, Beth?”
“I’m fine, Mom.”
“I was afraid of that. You know your dad and I love you.”
I attempted a smile. “I know. You both have been there for me this whole time. It means a lot.” She gave me a hug before entering the house and closing the door quietly behind her. I returned to Glenn’s car. 
“Where are we headed?” he asked somberly. I pulled out the map and showed him. Rocky Mountain National Park was about an hour and a half drive and, with the early start it looked like we would get there by mid-morning. 
“So, Heather was okay with this?” I asked, wanting Glenn to know I was supportive of his new relationship.
“Not so much.”
	“Do you want me to talk to her after we get back?”
“No point.”
I felt horrible about it and didn’t want to be the cause of further unhappiness for him. “Glenn, we don’t have to do this. Not if it’s going to cost you a relationship.”
“Are you fine being alone today?”
“No.”
“Me either. End of discussion.”
We didn’t speak the rest of the drive up. I gazed out the window as we entered the foothills. The rolling green soon transitioned into rocky hills and then onto craggy mountains. Outside my window I stared at the rocky cliffs and numerous pine trees. I remembered when the sight of them made me joyous. Today I was only sad and nostalgic. 
Memories of Scott flooded my mind. I lay my head against the cold window and closed my eyes. When I finally heard the sound of gravel, I knew Glenn was headed down the road to the trailhead I’d picked out.  He parked the car and turned to me, sighing profoundly. “We’re here.”
I reluctantly got out of the car and looked around. The remaining snow on the highest peak caught my attention as it glinted in the sun. It was magnificent. I took in a breath of the fresh mountain air. It stirred a feeling of well-being inside my soul and a smile escaped my lips. 
I noticed Glenn watching me closely. 
“Doesn’t it smell wonderful?” I asked him.
He took in a deep breath and exhaled. “Smells like air to me.”
I laughed for the first time that day. Glenn seemed disheartened and I wanted to cheer him up. “Let’s do this!” 
He nodded as I grabbed the canteen out of the backseat. He hoisted the heavy pack that carried all of our supplies onto his back. 
“Wait a sec, Glenn.” I wrote our names down on the trailhead register just to be safe. I looked at the trail map and asked how far he wanted to go in. 
“Doesn’t matter to me.”
“Okay, then we should walk until we don’t want to walk anymore, and make camp where ever that leaves us.”
“Fine by me.” 
I ignored his monotone response, believing this day would be good for both of us.
I gazed at the narrow dirt trail disappearing into the trees. There was a sense of adventure in not knowing what lay ahead. I liked it and could better understand Scott’s fascination with backpacking. After a few minutes of hiking in silence, I asked, “So, did you go on many backpacking trips with Scott?”
“No. I went on a camping trip with his dad and him once, but it wasn’t my thing.”
“I can’t believe neither of us shared in something Scott was passionate about. It’s seems sad to me.”
Glenn gave a half-hearted smile. “Well, he’s got us out doing it now. Surely that counts.”
I was pleased he was finally warming up. “I’m really glad you’re here,” I told him, patting his shoulder. I pushed away my feelings of resentment towards Angie. “Scott would be proud, don’t you think?” 
He snorted in answer.
We walked under the shade of aspens and pines. The trail began to get steadily steeper and rockier. I found myself focusing on my feet so I wouldn’t trip on the half-buried rocks scattered along the trail. When we came to a large stream, I asked, “Do you mind if we stop here for a bit?”  
Glenn put down the pack. His voice was laden with grief. “Stay as long as you need. I’m going for a walk.” I watched him wander off into the pines alone. 
I turned back to the stream. I loved the sound the water made trickling its way down the mountain. It was continuous, always rushing; almost alive. I took off my shoes and socks, pushed my pants up to the knees and dipped my feet into the living water. The water was shockingly cold, coming straight from the snow runoff. My feet quickly became numb, but I liked it.
I sat there for a long time, splashing my feet and watching the water rush by. I thought to myself, Life goes on. This stream had no time or will to stop. The water kept rushing ever forward—just like life. 
“Hey Scott,” I called out. “I’m backpacking with you today. Can you believe it, even Glenn is out here? We both really miss you. You said you felt God’s presence in nature, and I have a better appreciation for that now.” I smiled up at the pine trees surrounding me, “I wonder if this is what heaven is like.”
I heard snapping twigs to my left and saw Glenn coming back from his walk. His eyes were distant and he looked more downcast than before. My heart went out to him. I wasn’t sure why, but I wasn’t sad. I felt Scott with me and I couldn’t be depressed because of it. 
“You okay?”
Glenn put the backpack back. “Are you ready to keep going?” he answered gruffly.
“Sure.” For some incredible, wonderful reason, my heart felt light. I quickly put on my shoes and followed after Glenn. The trail continued to get steeper and I had to rest on the side of the trail several times. But when we crested the top of the first small peak, we were greeted to a magnificent view of the mountain range. 
“Wow!” I exclaimed.
“Yeah, it is nice, isn’t it?” he said in open admiration.
The view spurred me on and I walked with more vigor and enthusiasm, anxious to see what the next bend in the trail would bring. Around dinnertime I finally petered out; I was pooped and my feet hurt. “Do you mind if we stop?” 
“I’ve been waiting for you to say that for the last hour, Beth.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
He gave a weak smile. “I didn’t want to spoil it for you.”
“Glenn, this is about us, not just me. Got that?”
It looked like he was going to say something, but then changed his mind. Glenn took off the pack and asked for the canteen. He took a couple of gulps and then poured the water over his head. 
“I guess the next order of business is to find a spot to set up camp,” I announced. He pointed to a grove of aspen up the side of the mountain and I smiled. “Excellent choice!”
We trekked up the side of the mountain and found a flat spot to pitch the tent. The sound of the aspens rustling in the wind was magical. “Oh Glenn, this is the perfect place.”
I untied the tent bag and spread the contents onto the ground while Glenn read the directions out loud. Both of us were complete amateurs and struggled to get the tent assembled. Our best efforts still left a tent that was sagging pathetically in the middle. I could imagine Scott snickering at our feeble attempt to make camp.  
The sun had already begun its descent behind the mountains by the time we gathered wood and started a fire.  It took Glenn nineteen matches and much cursing before it finally took. While he was busy with the fire, I boiled water on the tiny propane stove to make freeze-dried chili. I handed Glenn the pack of soda crackers and we settled down for the meal next to the warm fire. 
I was hungry and took a huge bite. “Ugh…” I nearly spit it out on first contact with my tongue. Glenn looked at me as he took his first bite. I could see my reaction reflected on his face. The beans hadn’t rehydrated much and the flavor was a combination of salt and chemicals. I couldn’t stand the taste and spit the chili back into the bowl. “Don’t feel you have to eat this,” I told him. “I won’t be offended.”  
Glenn spit his out into his bowl and laughed. “I’m glad you feel that way. I would have eaten it just for you, but it would have been a sacrifice of love.”
When he said the word ‘love’, I felt queasy. I immediately picked up the pot and announced, “Hey, I’m going to bury this dead meal and clean out the pot for some coffee. I think soda crackers and coffee are the only items on the menu tonight.” 
I knew he had only meant it as a joke, but I wanted to allow time to pass to help vacate the L word from the area. I found the flashlight and headed to the stream close to our camp. After much scrubbing in the ice-cold water I returned to make our coffee. Glenn had laid out the crackers in an artful pattern. “Nice!” I complimented as I lit the propane stove for the coffee water. 
I was grateful things seemed back to normal between us.  
We spent the evening sipping hot coffee, munching on saltines and sharing memories of Scott. The fire crackled pleasantly as Glenn shared about the time in their senior year when the two of them had been invited to a huge party outside of town. “My first car was a total junker, Beth. You always knew it would break down at some point during a trip. But on that particular night, it broke down twice on the way up. By the time we finally made it, the party was already winding down. All Scott and I got out of it was one beer before we had to head back home. Naturally, the car got a flat a few miles from my house.”
“Definitely sounds like it was worth the trip,” I said, giggling. 
“You might not know this about Scott, but he was a pretty good mechanic. The way they make cars today, you can’t really fix them. But with my old beater, he was a magician. It was like he could talk to that car and know exactly what the problem was and how to fix it.”
“Thanks for telling me that. I feel closer to him just knowing that detail.” I smiled, but as I thought about it I realized there was so much I didn’t know about Scott. I felt the tears come as the pain of what Jonathan and I had truly lost stabbed my heart. I choked on my words, “Glenn, I want Jonathan to know who his daddy was.”
“I promise to tell you everything I remember, Beth. Between the two of us, Jonathan should know his dad pretty well.”
I looked at him across the fire. The shadows produced by the flames danced across Glenn’s face making him look dark and mysterious. For a second I was reminded of Scott and had to shake the idea from my mind. “Thanks,” I mumbled. 
I got up and poured myself another cup of coffee. “You want any?” Glenn held out his cup and I filled it to the brim. 
When I sat back down, I shared something that had been troubling me. It was something I hadn’t told anyone, because I felt so ashamed. “I wonder how Scott’s family is doing, especially today. I haven’t talked to them in ages.” I looked at Glenn consumed by guilt. “I know that’s terrible, but it hurts too much to associate with them.”
I was relieved when he answered, “His dad is doing as well as can be expected. I actually talked to him yesterday. Jeannie is having a harder time dealing with it. Scott and she were pretty close growing up. But I’ll be sure to tell Mr. Reiner that you are thinking about them. He understands, Beth.”
“Do you talk to him often?”
“Every other week.”
“I didn’t realize you were so close to Scott’s dad.” 
I noticed Glenn tense. His whole demeanor changed as if I had hit an exposed nerve. It left me confused, but I was afraid to press him about it. The day had been emotional enough. “You know what?” I said, “Let’s just concentrate on the beauty of the night.” 
I got up and grabbed my jacket. I wadded it up into a pillow and lay down next to the fire to watch the flames dance. They were alive, just like the water. Then I looked up at the stars. Without the city lights, you could see how many there really were. They twinkled randomly as if they were jealous for my attention.  
Everything was alive. I felt connected to it all and it gave me hope and inspiration. “I understand now,” I whispered to the heavens. I was not alone, even without Scott by my side. I was a part of everything and everything was a part of me. There was no death, only change. 
When the fire died down, Glenn and I made our way to the tent. We crawled into our cold sleeping bags and snuggled down for the night. An hour later, I was shivering uncontrollably. The ground had become increasingly uncomfortable in that time, as every tiny rock and grass clump dug into my side. It didn’t matter how I positioned myself, I couldn’t find relief. 
“Glenn?”
“Yeah, Beth?”
“I don’t like this part of backpacking.” 
I heard low muffled laughter coming from his sleeping bag. 
“To be honest, I would prefer a nice cabin and a soft warm bed.”
He popped his head out from inside his sleeping bag. “I concur.”
“Maybe this is why we never went backpacking with Scott.” 
Glenn began laughing again and I joined in until my sides ached. 
Sleeping on the hard ground was worse than sleeping in a hospital, but at least it was a memory I could associate with Scott. “I love you, babe,” I said quietly before I eventually drifted off. 
I felt his loving presence surround me and I dreamed of happier times. 

Release
	
The day in the mountains helped prepare me for the next difficult obstacle ahead; forgiving the man who had done this to us. I’d read from trial documents that Charles Freeman was carelessly switching the dials on his radio when he struck my husband’s car at 47 miles an hour as Scott was making a legal left-hand turn. Apparently Charles’ airbag saved him, but the angle of the hit gave Scott no protection whatsoever. He never had a chance.
Alcohol was not involved and Charles Freeman had not been in trouble with the law before. For all intents and purposes, he was a good man who made a horrible error in judgment and killed my husband because of it. He was sentenced to five years on probation, 600 hours of community service and victim empathy classes. He was also prohibited from driving during his probation period. 
Angie came to visit a few days before I was to meet with him. “I’m seeing Mr. Freeman on Friday,” I announced to her.
“Oh Beth, do you feel ready for it?”
“No.” I looked at her sadly and admitted, “but then I don’t think I ever will be.”
She poured us each a glass of Sangria. Angie had brought fresh cut fruit with her to make the drinks. Whatever she touched these days tasted delicious. She handed me a glass and asked, “Do you know what you’re going to say to him?”
I shook my head. “Not really. But I feel God is telling me to forgive the man.”
“I don’t think I could,” Angie stated adamantly. “If anything happened to Lucas I…” She looked over at me. “I’m sorry. This isn’t about me. I’m proud of you, Beth. You are a better woman than I am.”
“Honestly Ang, it is not that I am better, it’s just that life, God really, has put me in this position. Trust me, if I’d never met Scott I’d still be the same silly, jealous, immature twit I used to be.”
“I loved you that way, but I admire you now.” She held up her glass before taking a drink.
“Not sure I like being admired, but thanks.” I took a sip and exclaimed, “Oh Ang, this drink is amazing!”
“It’s one of Lucas’ favorites.”
I put the drink down and pushed it away from me. I still hadn’t gotten over her going on a trip with Lucas instead of being there for me on Scott’s anniversary. “You know Angie, you hurt me by not going on that overnight trip.”
She bowed her head. “I can’t tell you how upset I was not to be there for you.”
“I don’t understand why you would choose a weekend trip over me.”
“Beth, Lucas had this trip planned months ago. He’d put a lot of time and thought into it.”
“But you knew that date, Ang. Why didn’t you tell him to pick another weekend?”
“I didn’t know anything about it. It wasn’t until I asked him about camping overnight with you that he even mentioned it. He said he had a special surprise for me that he couldn’t reschedule.”
“And why couldn’t he reschedule?” I asked, pushing the drink farther away from me.
“It was too late. He said he would have lost thousands. Lucas was so excited about it, too.” She smiled guiltily. “I have to admit, it was luxurious.”
“So you cancelled on me so you could be pampered instead?”
“Look, I’m so sorry.” She put her hand on my shoulder tentatively. I twitched, resisting the urge to shake it off and pull away from her. 
The fact was I still loved Angie, despite the fact I couldn’t depend on her anymore. I knew Lucas was to blame for the deep rift in our relationship. “So how’s it going between you two?” I asked.
“Great. No complaints.” 
I didn’t fully believe her, but I had my own battle to fight and chose not to pursue the topic. “Can you wish me luck on Friday? I’m terrified of the pain seeing him is sure to cause, and I’m afraid I will say or to do something I’ll regret.”
“Of course!” She gave me a big hug and whispered, “Luck, luck, luck!” into my ear. “I’ll be thinking of you on Friday and sending you good vibes.”
I gave her a half-hearted smile. I missed the old Angie.	
For extra support, I went to my small group the night before meeting my husband’s killer. The group took time during the session to pray just for me. I sat on a chair and they all gathered around with some people laying their hands on my shoulders. John spoke first, “Lord, help Beth tomorrow as she confronts the man who killed her husband in an unfortunate accident. Help her to have a heart of forgiveness. She desires release from the anger and hate she has felt the past year.”
Carol continued, “We hold Charles up to you as well. We pray that he has learned from his mistake and that both Beth and Charles will get what they need to move on.”
Rebecca added, “Infuse Beth with courage. She has heard your command to forgive this man. Help her to do it by your power and strength.”	
Becki’s innocent voice spoke up last, “Jesus, you say we must love our enemies. Help Beth to love Charles as Christ would.”
I went to bed that night full of anxiety. I knew what God was calling me to do, but I had expected to feel overwhelming peace or confidence about tomorrow. Instead, I felt like a little kid going to meet the neighborhood bully knowing full well I would leave the encounter bloodied and broken.	
The next morning, I drove to meet Charles Freeman at his home. I was proud I had actually made it out of the house, because I woke up that morning convinced I wasn’t ready. I’d decided not to go and had even gone so far as to tell my parents not to come babysit. But while I was taking a shower, the vision of the black vines crowded my mind and caused a wave of panic so great that it sent me to the shower floor. I could not live this way anymore. Until I forgave that man, I would remain a prisoner of my own hate. I’d reluctantly called my parents back and got ready to go. 
When I arrived at Charles’ place, I noticed toys scattered on the front lawn of the large two-story house. It took several minutes before I was willing to get out of my car. I walked to the door, my heart skipping a beat with each step. 
I had to force myself to ring the doorbell. When no one answered right away, I was tempted to run. Then I heard a dog’s bark and a child’s ringing laughter from inside. The door opened and I saw a man slightly older than myself with a haunted look in his brown eyes.
“Beth Reiner?” he asked, holding out his hand. I gingerly offered mine and he took it in a firm but gentle grasp. “Please, won’t you come in?”
A little girl who appeared to be about four was standing in the foyer. The golden-haired child grinned at me and I gave her a cheerless smile in return. Her mother came up from behind the child and introduced herself. “Hello, Mrs. Reiner. I’m Jennifer, Charles wife. We are both glad you came today.”
I nodded, my vocal cords too tied in knots to speak. Jennifer directed me into their living room and gestured towards the couch. The little waif followed and sat down next to me. I didn’t mind, she provided a pleasant distraction.
Once everyone was seated I forced myself to begin, “Thank you for letting me come today. I felt this was important.”
Charles licked his lips nervously. “Yes, I’ve wanted to talk to you for a long time now.” His eyes teared up. “Mrs. Reiner, I’m so sorry for what I have done.” Jennifer moved over to Charles, putting her arms around him. I looked away, jealous that she had the ability to do that and I didn’t. I prayed for God to help me through this.
Tears began to trickle down my face. His wife came to my aid by handing me a box of tissues. I took one without a word. The four year-old cocked her head to one side as if she was trying to figure out why her daddy and I were crying.
I suddenly heard the voices of young boys talking excitedly as a door slammed somewhere in the back of the house. Jennifer hastily got up hissing, “Boys, be quiet!” She apologized for the disturbance as she disappeared through the doorway. 
I looked over at Charles. His eyes held the burden of immense guilt. I was glad to see it. 
Charles started our conversation by saying in a hoarse voice, “Mrs. Reiner…”
“Call me Beth.”
He nodded and started over, “Beth, I cannot tell you how horrified I am to have caused the accident. I’m not the type of person who would hurt another human being.”
But he did, he killed an innocent man. I had nothing positive to say so I remained silent.
Charles seemed daunted by my lack of a response and paused for a second before continuing. “I relive that day over and over. How I wish I could stop myself from turning that damn radio dial. It was so senseless. What the hell was I thinking?” 
I shook my head. I had no words of comfort for him. Charles was right; he should have kept his eyes on the road and spared all of us this heartache.
But when he looked at me again, I had to catch my breath. Charles’ eyes were filled with such tremendous agony. He spoke in a voice ragged with emotion, “I’ll never forget the sound when our cars crashed.”
I closed my eyes, trying not to envision the scene; trying not to imagine the last few seconds of Scott’s life. 
“When I learned that I was responsible for the death of someone, I was and still am paralyzed with guilt. I am responsible for the death of your husband. I’m so terribly sorry.”
I’d lost Scott because of him, because of his carelessness. I spit out the words, “It was an accident.”
“My mistake cost the life of your husband and you son’s father. There’s no going back. I can’t change it. God, how I wish I could…” He mumbled softly, “It should have been me.”
I felt a surge of emotion when I heard those last words. His confession released the flood of anger I felt towards him. Neither of us could change what happened. It was pointless to wish otherwise. I looked into the eyes of his small daughter. His family needed him. 
I did not want Charles wishing he was dead any longer. I was finally able to speak the words I had come to say. 
“I forgive you.”
He took a great intake of breath, but remained silent. Charles didn’t speak for several moments and then choked out, “Thank you.” 
I looked at him and suddenly felt the need to embrace the man. He stood up as I approached. We held each other tightly and I allowed the pent up rage and pain to release in a deluge of tears. 
I felt tiny arms encircle my leg. I looked down and saw his little girl hugging us both. I giggled through my tears. She looked up at me and smiled. Any remaining anger I had washed away as I bent down and hugged her.
I left a short time later. I felt completely drained and energized at the same time. I entered the house and immediately scooped my son up, swinging him around. His adorable smile added to my overall joy.
“I take it, it went well.” my father said, sounding relieved.
“Yes! Dad, I feel like another layer of my heart has become flesh. I feel different inside. I can’t explain it.” 
My mom asked hesitantly. “What was he like?”
I smiled when I told her. “He’s a family man. They have kids and his wife seems nice. Charles was genuinely sorry for what he did. It feels good to forgive him.”
My dad said angrily, “Still, it was a careless thing for him to do and it cost Scott his life!”	
“I know, Dad.” I walked over and hugged him. “I’ve spent the last year hating him for it, but no more. I’m letting go.” I swung Jonathan around again and my son laughed. “And it feels grrrreat!” 
My parents left soon after. I could tell my father didn’t share my change of heart, but I assured him as he walked out the door, “I’m okay, Dad. There’s no reason to hate the man anymore.” 
 After they left, I put Jonathan in his highchair and placed Cheerios on the tray. He began picking them up with his chubby little fingers and stuffing them into his mouth. I sat down next to him with a dinner my mom had prepared for me.  
I said a quick prayer before eating, “Thank you, God, for this day. Thank you for helping me to forgive Charles. I’m so grateful you do not leave us in our grief, but that you carry us through until we are ready to be healed. Please continue to bless us and the Freeman family.” I looked at Jonathan and smiled. “Amen.”
I picked up my glass of water to toast to my husband. “Scott, I know you already forgave the man who killed you. You probably did the instant it happened.” I held up my glass higher and toasted the air, “Here’s to your loving heart, babe.”
That evening, I logged on to share my experience with my Lighthouse friends:
____________
Title: Finally Free
From: Phoenix #1
____________	
It’s taken me this long to finally forgive the person who killed Scott.
It wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be. The guy actually seems like a good person.  And he has a family of his own, including one of the cutest little girls I’ve ever met.
 He’s been suffering greatly since that horrible day over a year ago, so it feels good to forgive him. I feel freer now… 
Just thought I would share. Love you people.
--Beth

Open My Eyes

Angie surprised me whisking me away for lunch on a weekday. “I figured you needed a change of scenery, my friend.”
She wouldn’t tell me where we were going, so I transferred Jonathan’s car seat into her Ford Taurus. I had to admit, it was exciting to be on an adventure with Angie again. It reminded me of when we first met. She used to always take me on day trips to places around Denver that she wanted to investigate.
Angie drove us downtown and parked on a side street near the Denver Civic Center. I loved the hustle of downtown during the day. We stopped at a hotdog vender and Angie bought two brats with extra sauerkraut and mustard. She handed me one as we walked over to the park.
“Wow, I haven’t been downtown in forever,” I admitted.
She smiled knowingly. “I suspected as much.”
I put Jonathan down on the grass and handed him a miniature dump truck from his diaper bag. I pulled a handful of grass by the roots and put them in the flatbed of his truck. Jonathan giggled and grabbed some more. 
“How’s that brat?” Angie asked. 
I took my first bite and was delighted by the snap when my teeth broke through the skin. Meaty juices poured over my tongue and mixed well with the tanginess of the kraut and mustard. “Yum!” I answered enthusiastically between nibbles.
“Glad to hear it, girlfriend. I’ve been worried about you.”
I snorted while I chewed. “Oh yeah? Why’s that?”
“You look sad, like you’re looking for something and can’t find it.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about. I’m doing fine.”
 “Fine has never been good when it comes to you.” She looked at me intently. “I think it’s time you started dating again.”
I choked on the brat and started coughing. “What? Are you kidding me? There’s no way I’m ready to jump back into the dating scene.”
Angie put her hand on my shoulder. “Beth, it’s time. I know Scott wouldn’t want you to be alone.” I tried to swallow, but it went down as a hard lump as my throat closed up around it. 
“What do you think?” she asked teasingly, as a young man with a dark tan, muscle shirt and slicked back hair walked by us.
I blushed. “Really, Ang…”
“No, seriously. What do you think of that man? You won’t know what you want unless you start looking. I think he’s kind of foxy myself.”
I rolled my eyes. “Although he is nice looking, he’s trying too hard. Not my type.”
“True… I can see your point. You need someone more understated. Oh, what about that guy?” She’d asked a little too loud and the man turned towards us. 
I looked away, pretending I didn’t know her. 
Angie nudged me in the ribs. “Well?”
“Ang, he heard you. Good grief!”
She was not deterred. “Yay? Nay?”
I glanced at him again. “I do like a guy in a suit and tie…”
“Is there anything else you like about this one?”
“Hmm. Well, he seems to have an air of confidence without seeming conceited.”
“Confidence is important,” Angie agreed. She leaned in closer and asked, “You want to ask him on a date?”
“No!” I hit her arm hard. “I thought we were just window shopping.”
“Okay, okay!” she laughed. “At least you’re looking.” She pointed to another guy walking down the sidewalk. This one was tall and had brown hair—there was a slight resemblance to Scott.
“No,” I said emphatically.
“Really? I thought for sure you would go for him.”
“Scott was one of a kind.” I looked at her forlornly and added, “I don’t want to settle for a look-alike.”
“Good to know. Is there anything else you consider important in a potential date?”
“Besides a sense of humor, I like a man with kind eyes. Eyes are important to me.”
Angie looked beyond me, and then got a funny look on her face. “Oh my goodness, there’s Lucas!”
I looked where she was pointing and saw him walking on the sidewalk across the street. He was engaged in a conversation with several men as they walked briskly as a unit.
“Lucas! Hey, Lucas Tanner!” Angie cried.
He looked up and his whole face lit up when he saw her. He waved and then he saw me and his countenance suddenly became ice cold. 
I thought to myself, The feeling is mutual, Lucas. Trust me.
Angie was bubbling with excitement. “I didn’t expect to see him here today.”
“Why don’t you run over and say hi? I’ll stay here and play with Jonathan,” I suggested, not wanting him anywhere near me.
“Are you sure?”
“Totally.” 
As I watched Angie run to catch up with Lucas, I said out loud to Jonathan, “That man does not have kind eyes.”
I picked up a piece of kraut and held it out for Jonathan to taste. He took a bite and his little face screwed up in a humorous pucker. “Don’t you like it, eh little man? Well, Mommy loves sauerkraut.” He opened his mouth as if he wanted more. I gave him another piece and he made the same funny expression. It cracked me up. “You’re a glutton for punishment, aren’t you son?” 
A couple passed by us. The young woman was laughing as they walked hand in hand. The man kept stealing kisses, much to the girl’s delight—he couldn’t seem to get enough of her. I turned away. It was too painful to watch. 

****

I lay in my bathtub later that night, after I had Jonathan tucked in bed. Glenn kept coming to mind. Even though it hadn’t worked out with Heather, I knew it was only a matter of time before he became serious with someone. 
He was funny, thoughtful and smart. To top it off, he was strikingly handsome. It wouldn’t be long before a girl snatched him up, and what woman would be comfortable with her boyfriend going to another woman’s house every Saturday to play with her child? 
Try as I might, I couldn’t imagine my life without Glenn in it. He was my good friend and he was always there when I needed him. That was especially true for Scott’s anniversary, even though it had cost Glenn personally. 
Hot tears ran down my face, realizing I’d grown to depend on him. 
I couldn’t let Glenn sacrifice for Jonathan and me anymore. It wasn’t fair to him and would only end up hurting both of us. The day he came to introduce his next girlfriend, I wanted to be able to smile and greet her with a full heart. Glenn deserved that much after all he had done for us. 
The only way I could do that would be to start building my life without him. A welcomed opportunity came when one of my neighbors, Jenny, stopped by in need of my help. 
“Beth, I really hate to bother you, but my mother was just rushed to the hospital. Could you watch Grace for a few hours?”
I looked down at the little four-year, with pajamas and bedhead. “Not a problem. It would be fun for Jonathan and me.”
Jenny let out an exhale of relief. She handed over a bag of supplies and gave Grace a quick peck on the cheek. “Be good for Mrs. Reiner, okay sweetie?”
Grace tried to grab her leg, but Jenny was too quick. The little girl’s eyes got round and teary. I could tell she was about to let out a howl, so I distracted her. “This is my little boy, Jonathan. He loves to play with big kids like you. Hey little man, why don’t you show Grace your favorite toy?” I put Jonathan on the ground and he crawled over to a big stuffed Brontosaurus. He made growling sounds as he tried to walk it over to her. Grace smiled and ran over to him.
While they were playing, I started gathering some of my old teaching stuff so I could entertain her for the day. I was actually excited. It has been so long since I had worked with other children. Looking at Jonathan, I could see he was enjoying Grace’s company as much as I was.
We spent the day reviewing the alphabet using play dough, making paper bag puppets, and reading tons of picture books. I had so much fun, I told my neighbor when she returned that I would be happy to do it again.
Word quickly got around and I was approached by two other mothers who were looking for a Mom’s Day Out once a week. It was a win-win for all of us. Jonathan enjoyed having the other children over and I loved planning different themes for each session. 
The next week, four children showed up at my doorstep on Thursday. I had a wonderful day planned out for us. It started with a picture book about Noah’s Ark. After I read the story the children glued a wooden ark out of popsicle sticks. I had cut out a ton of different animals so the kids could glue them onto the boat. It was hilarious to see where the children placed the animals and I knew their parents would get a kick out of it.
While the arks were drying, I taught them an alphabet song with animals and we acted out each letter’s animal. There was so much laughter ringing throughout the little house I wanted to preserve it. I decided right then and there to save the money I was making from the Mom’s Day Out to buy a camcorder.
For lunch we made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I used cookie cutters to make animal-shaped sandwiches. The kids loved it. One little boy, James, stuffed the monkey in his mouth and begged, “More, more!” with his mouth full. 
“What do you want, sweetie?” I asked teasingly.
He jumped up and down. “More.”
“You want to sing the song again?”
He shook his head. “No, more.”
I couldn’t help having a little fun. “You want to make another Noah’s ark?”
James ran around in circles, pointing to his mouth. “More!”
I pointed to the peanut butter. “Is that what you want?”
James broke out in an all-out grin. “Momkee!”
I made him another sandwich and laughed as he ate the monkey’s head with gusto. I’d forgotten how much fun it was working with children. We ended the day making tiny peapod boats to represent Noah’s ark and played with them in a plastic pool out in my backyard. Jonathan didn’t join in much. He seemed to prefer observing the older children. I knew he would learn a lot by watching them and I was thrilled to be teaching again. I said a quick prayer to God, “Thank you for bringing me this opportunity. I feel so blessed!”
When Glenn came on Saturday, he came across a withered peapod on the rug. I explained what it was and he smiled at me. “That sounds like a lot of fun, Beth.”
“It was. I still have extra peapods in the fridge if you want to make one.”
“Did Jonathan enjoy it?”
“Yep.”
“Well, I’ve got to see it. Give me the peapods and toothpicks.”
After I gave them the needed supplies, I turned on the water in the bathtub and got Jonathan undressed. When the water was deep enough I placed him in the tub and began splashing him lightly. Jonathan squealed with pleasure. Glenn soon joined us with an army of peapod boats. He put them all in the water and Jonathan began slapping the water to get them to move. He squealed again when one of the boats sank.
“You sure are a fun mother,” Glenn praised.
I smiled shyly. “Thanks. I actually think you are more fun than me. Jonathan gets so excited when he sees you.”
“The little guy and I do have a great time together, but I can tell he misses his mommy when we go out.”
I looked at him gratefully. “We’re lucky to have you come every Saturday and it’s been wonderful. But, Glenn, don’t feel you have to give up your life for us.”
He raised his eyebrow. “What? Are you trying to get rid of me?”
I shook my head. “Not at all. I just want you to be happy.”
“I am doing what I want. Don’t worry about it.” Glenn looked directly into my eyes. “You are not the reason Heather and I broke up. You can let go of that guilt.” 
I chuckled nervously. He was far too perceptive. 
“Beth, I’m glad to see you’re teaching again, even if it’s only once a week. Teaching is in your blood. You have a natural talent.”
I blushed at Glenn’s compliment. “It does feel good to be working with kids again.” I searched his blue eyes, wanting to understand him. “Why are you so kind?” I put my hand on his shoulder. “I don’t deserve it, but thank you.” I felt him stiffen under my touch. I took my hand away, realizing I was only causing him discomfort. 
Glenn bent over the tub and splashed the water wildly. “Watch out Jonathan. There’s a big storm brewing.” My son joined in with the splashing and giggled. 
I got up and quietly walked out of the bathroom, wanting them to spend time alone together. I hesitated for a moment at the doorway, looking back at the two of them playing. Little did I know he was right—there was a storm building—not that I saw it coming.

###

Books Michelle has written:
Phoenix Series
Phoenix Rising #1
Phoenix Takes Flight #2
Phoenix Soars #3
Phoenix Burns Bright #4

Love Endures Series
Love Endures, Phoenix #1


Enjoy life by embracing the sadness as well as the happiness. It’s all a part of being on this earth. ~ Mrs. Pinkerton

About the Author Michelle Stephens:
 
Michelle lives by the beautiful Rockies with her husband and three children. She grew up in the 80’s and still has fondness for that era. She was a schoolteacher for many years, but always dreamed of writing.

