Escape to Adventure
Volume One: The Dreamers Awaken
Copyright 2013
Smashwords Edition
Awakening
Chapter One: Dream Lover
The street was long and deserted of cars. It was not atypical Broadway, usually loaded with honking cabs, throngs of people scurrying about, and noise everywhere. Not typical New York night time. Not typical at all.
She sat in the car, revving the engine to keep it running properly. On her radio Bobby Darin was wailing out a sad song about a Dream Lover, wanting her to come back to him. Rusty smirked. Fat chance of that ever happening. You blow it. You blow it. You had to be tough with the guys, or they chewed you up and spit you out.
A huge shadow fell across her car, and then moved past it. 
"Oh God in Heaven!" She muttered, clutching at a silver crucifix about her neck. It had been given to her by her grandmother before she passed away. She had told her that it would protect her in her hour of need. She had laughed at the time, not meaning to, and her grandmother had smiled gently and stroked her face. 
"Not all is as it seems, dear child." She had whispered, before closing her eyes and sighing. Nearing her last breath. Suddenly she opened her eyes. "They're so beautiful! So beautiful!"
She looked up at Rusty. "They're coming for you, Rusty. They're coming...."
Her eyes shut and she was gone.
It was the most miserable time of Rusty's life on a lot of levels. She had just broken up with the love of her life. A wimpy blonde with dropping whiskers with no future. He was a writer and a waiter, and not very good at either job. 
She sighed as she gripped the car wheel, tensing, for now the shadow was taking shape. 
"It can't be." She choked out.
The shadow was of a masted ship. Impossible. On Broadway?
Then the ship passed her and as it did the music on her radio blared out even louder about wanting a Dream Lover, and then a tall man on the side of the ship waved a sword at her. She could hear him despite the distance. "I will love you forever!"
Rusty woke up with the worst headache of her life. Her long red hair was wrapped around her forehead like spaghetti around a fork in a fancy restaurant. And it was soaking wet, just like her foam pillow and her pink silk sheets beneath her. 
She groaned. "Rusty, Rusty, Rusty, your life is a nightmare and now your dreams too. What am I going to do with you? "
She sat up on her queen sized bed, stretched her slender arms upwards, practicing the yoga stretch she had learned from Danjani-ji in the asana class at the YMCA. She smiled when she remembered how patient he had been with her, when she screwed up for what seemed like the hundredth time, causing the whole class to make faces at her. Well, almost everyone, except for the love of her life. He was too busy visualizing his next expedition at the time to notice. And that, dear ones, is why Rusty feels both like the luckiest young woman in the world, and the unluckiest, both at the same time.
She slid off her bed, still remember that day. Danjani-ji had seemed almost too friendly, but she had written it off as his Indian nature, they seemed very gentle as a people. Least the ones she'd met and she knew quite a few. She always ate several blocks from the Museum, and there was a whole strip of Indian restaurants and grocery stores, opposite a whole string of Chinese restaurants and grocery stores on the opposite side. It brought a smile to her face. She could still see Missus Lee brooming the sidewalk in front of her laundry, which was sandwiched between Hong Kong Shrimp and Pattie Cakes, a specialty rice store that made cookies of balls of rice and coated them with special sugars and flavors. 
Just the thought of those cakes made her mouth water, at least until she tasted the hair that was still wrapped around her forehead, some of it dangling into her mouth. She spit out the loose strands, and then shuffle with a great big yawn blossoming on cute mouth. She liked it. All the guys did too, except Danish, who never seemed to notice anything about her.
She reached her closet-sized bathroom and stood before the sink and a somewhat clouded over mirror. "I've really got to clean this thing." She commented to nobody in particular, and then as if to get herself fully awake, she scrambled below the sink, going through the double doors below to scrounge out a paper towel roll and Windex.
"Ta-dah!" She exclaimed, making fencing motions with the Windex, as if she were a musketeer, fending off blows with her paper towel roll. 
It was great fun until a loud thumping against the bathroom wall awakened her to where she was again. A thin voice came through the wafer thin wall. "Rusty, you ain't practicing with Elephants in there, are you?"
Rusty screwed up her lips in a pout, sighed and then said. "Sorry, Missus Gromlich, I can't sleep."
"Neither can I." Mrs. Gromlich rumbled back, this time louder.
"Sorry. I'll be quiet." Rusty promised, and then stuck her tongue out.
"I bet she'd kill for a triple dip banana split!" She muttered under her breath so low no one could possibly hear it.
"I heard that. I'm on a diet." Mrs. Gromlich roared angrily. "You should be glad you pay your rent on time, or you'd be hearing from my husband!"
"Yeah, and I'm a flying saucer." Rusty grumbled back. Makes a face. She thought to herself no way she could have heard that. Time to experiment. "I think I'm going to trash the place, I'm so angry."
"Don't make me get my husband up. You know how much he hates getting up at 3am in the morning!"
"Or ever." 
"What did you say?" Mrs. Gromlich roared through the wall.
"Nothing. Nothing at all. Love you..." Rusty let out a silent whew. Mrs. Gromlich had read her mind. Talking about weird neighbors. Scary too, because she was the landlady.
"And don't you forget it, honey." Mrs. Gromlich hollered through the wall. "I've got your number!'
Rusty sighed, tossed her hair back behind her shoulders, and then slumped on the sink. "Right. Zipping my lips." Moans softly. "Trouble is. Everyone's got my number. How much more weird can this world get anyway." She said to the wall.
"Wait till you get married." Mrs. Gromlich hollered back through the wall. "Weird is only the beginning of it all."
Rusty burst into laughter then. A mind-reading landlady. A sucky life. A dashing hero who didn't even know she existed. How could you ask for more from a Monty Python kind of life?
She finished cleaning the mirror as quietly as she could, then put everything away, closed the bathroom door and sat on the edge of her bed again.
"What a rotten life." She moaned. "I miss my life back home. I had a back yard that stretched for miles, the nearest neighbor was ten miles away, and I could walk to school..." She paused. "Everyone walked to school. No busses, idiot!"
She broke into laughter, and then stopped when she saw her reflection in the mirror of her dresser. "You're really a sad, sad soul." She uttered quietly, and then slipped back under her sheets, fluffing the pillow, before rolling over onto her right side. Her favorite position. She could look out through the bedroom window and see the top of the Empire State Building.
"King Kong where are you when I need you. Help!"  Rusty said, and then grinning like the Cheshire cat from Alice in Wonderland, she closed her eyes.
Chapter Two: New York, New York
Rusty shrugged on her beat-up jacket, the one with flowers all over the back of it that her best friend, Betty had found for her in a thrift store. Betty was a cool one. She never wasted a dime, and never lost a minute. She was a lot like Danish, but a hell of a lot more feminine, thank God. If Danish had been more like her, well...that brought pause to her thoughts. Then what?
Anyway as she made her way towards the subway station, dodging paperboys, school kids, and Moms hurrying them off to school, waving at neighbors she recognized, and whistling back at Taxi Drivers who made kissing sounds and motioned at her jacket as they passed. They grinned. Everyone liked Rusty, but Rusty it seemed. Well, not that she hated herself, just the way her life had turned out.
Sure it had started out wonderful enough. A spank on the bottom. "A beautiful baby, Missus Cummings. It's a girl."
She could still remember her mother crying for joy, and her father swearing that now he'd have to buy a shotgun to keep the guys away. Her mother was a real looker. Even the teens these days found her gorgeous. She never seemed to age, which sometimes made Rusty smile, and sometimes jealous, because she was noticing a few rogue gray hairs these days. And she wasn't even that old. She was barely over twenty. Still almost a teenager, which she absolutely felt like whenever she saw Danish. He always made her feel so young. Betty thought he was ancient and too old for her, but she didn't think eight to ten years older was that...ancient.
She grinned. Professor Danish, the six foot tall plus hero of the football team, King of the Nerds in college, probably wouldn't like that image of himself, unless he found it buried in an ancient burial ground, or tomb of the Egyptians, then he was all cool with it. Her cell rang and she clasped it to the side of her face, as she took a turn from the sidewalk down into the subway station below. People hurried on all sides of her, off to work, school, play, stealing, adventuring, whatever it was they did. 
Sometimes she thought about all those people around her, but then she thought about where she grew up, and she didn't mind so much. She'd take people anytime. They might not always be the best, but they were a mix, and everybody knows a dinner is always best served that has a main course, a desert and a drink.
"Rusty." She announced as she dropped several floors into the subway station. She wrangled some change from her pocket, deposited it for her ticket, and charged for the subway train just loading up. As she did a rather small man with the strangest face and grin she had ever seen bumped into her. Immediately, she felt for her money and keys. Nothing was missing. 
He turned back to her, a knowing smile on his face, did a wink, and ascended the flights of stairs away from her, and into the hustle and bustle of upper New York City. His wild Einstein mop of a hair bounced from view.
"Rusty." She said again into her phone. Finally, disgusted with it, she shook it, put it to her ear, and then put it away.
She managed the final leap onto the train and settled down into a corner next to a hobo, who was snoring his head off. He had a cup in his lap."Feed the poor." It said with a smallish, misspelled handwriting.
She shook her head. A sucker for the poor. She shook her change into the cup, and added a five for good measure. He never missed a beat in his snoring. She smiled, and settled back. Who was phoning her?
Chapter Three: Danish is Best Served Cold
"Professor Danish." He answered into the black phone on his desktop. A dial tone announced nobody. "Nobody."
He cursed. "That's the seventh time this morning. Better not be that stupid secretary of mine, or I'll can her."
"Good morning, Professor." A cute Co-ed said as she dipped her face into his office and waved. "We still on for Algebra?"
He nodded his head, not even granting her the grace of his full attention. 
She wriggled like a caught fish, and closed the door. Outside she giggled along with several other Co-eds, all watching her. "I've got a date!" She exclaimed.
The door suddenly opened and Danish looked outside. He touched a finger to his forehead to the other girls, and then said. "Melinda, it's not a date. Don't you go saying things like that about me. You'll get me in trouble."
"I'm sorry, Professor Danish." She said back coquettishly, her eyes blinking rapidly. 
He shook his head and re-entered his office on the words. "Girls!"
"Oh Professor!" The Co-eds sighed and walked off, giggling. 
Danish sat down behind his worn desk, considering the carvings in the top of it. The one he had made when he was measuring an Egyptian skull with the latest laser calipers. They had been overpowered and blown a fuse, as well as part of his desk. It was amazing he only lost a chunk of his hand, instead of the whole thing. He examined the scars across the palm of it, and then shook his head again. "Girls!"
On that cue Rusty entered, rushing inside, breathing hard. Her arms were simply buried in packages and mail. You couldn't even see her face. 
Not that he wanted to, she thought. I don't know how that man functions without me, she thought to herself. 
"Put them on the desk." He said without looking up from a piece of scroll in front of him that he was unraveling.
"But..."
"Just do it!" He said in exasperation.
Suppressing a scowl that threatened to ruin her day, Rusty did as ordered. Danish had to look up when his desktop was quite literally buried in mail. He threw some of it aside, and glared at her.
"You could have warned me." He snarled.
"You're impossible!" Rusty exploded, tears ripping a messy course down her freshly made up face.
She slammed the door as she exited.
Danish shook his head. "Now what did I do?" 
Chapter Four: It's a Man's World
Rusty leaned against the bathroom mirror, crying her eyes out. It had finally gotten to her. Not only did he not notice her. He didn't even care about her. She was so miserable she wanted to destroy herself and him. For a moment she smiled as she visualized him on his knees before her, begging her forgiveness.
Then she broke down and began sobbing again. What's the use? I'm a total loser. She thought as she cried her heart out.
"Rusty." She heard a man's voice outside.
"Go away!" She said.
"Rusty! I'm sorry."
"I don't care if you are. Go away!"  She hollered back.
Suddenly, the door to the bathroom opened, and a dozen roses fell to the floor at her feet. The door shut with a slam. She could hear footsteps walking away.
She kicked the roses into the first bathroom stall, grunting with anger, and then she squealed like a hurt animal and dashed into the stall.
Danish was seated behind his desk, his mail on the floor around his desk in a very untidy manner, when his door opened slightly.
"Did you men it?" Rusty's voice asked from outside.
"My office hours are 8am to Noon. Come back later." He replied without thinking.
Before he could recant his words, the door slammed and he heard the sound of Rusty running away.
"Oh crap!" He said. "Now I've really done it."
He looked over at a statue on one of his filing cabinets. It had a grotesque face and was eating a man's heart out. "Don't you dare grin at me!"
Danish grabbed a cowboy hat he had on a hayrack near the door, and ran out. "I'm really going to hate myself for this later on." 
Chapter Five: Resurrection
Rusty tossed her jacket against her bedroom wall, then ran into her bedroom and threw herself upon it. She just lay there quietly, thinking. She had cried as much as she was going to. Time to make changes in her life. Everyone had a crisis. Right? She shook her head. Not everyone. Only her, it seemed.
Her cell shook against her. She had failed to turn it off. She let it vibrate. "Don't you dare try to apologize to me again, you big jerk. You big...gorgeous..." 
Then she did begin crying again. As she did, she felt this kind of warmth spread all over her body, as if she were lifting from it and floating, then her eyes grew heavier and heavier.
For an instant the image of a very kind and handsome face ignited in her consciousness. "I love you." He said. "Forever!"
She heard an incredible explosion, which spiraled downwards into an incessant pounding on her front door. "Go away!" She moaned. "Can't you tell I'm dying in here?" She complained.
The pounding continued.
Finally, she got up. She rubbed her eyes. Had she been dreaming just then? It was so real. It didn't make any sense to her. Then the pounding brought her back to reality again.
She went to the door and opened it. There was no one there. 
She closed it and started back to her bedroom. The pounding started again.
She ran to the door and flung it open. There was no one there. She'd had enough. She screamed down the hallway. "I'm sick of your childishness. I've had enough and I'm not going o take any..."
Suddenly, a hand grabbed her from the other side, spun her around and a face came down and kissed her fully and sweetly on the lips. She struggled at first, and then relaxed into it, her eyes closed. It stopped. She waited for more. But it didn't come. When she opened her eyes, no one was there. No one at all.
"I've flipped my friggin' lid, is what I've done!" She snorted and then went back inside, slamming the door behind her.
She looked at her living room and snorted. "It's a box!"
It was a box. Who could afford more in New York on a secretary's salary? She was lucky to have found this box. An older woman named Maryanne McFarthlin had rented it to her as a kindness, saying that she didn't need it while she was out of the country. That was five years ago. 
Rusty dutifully sent Maryanne updates on what was going on with her, thank yous, birthday greets, holiday ones, but no word back. She finally stopped sending them this year, though that made her a bit nervous to do so. She figured if the woman was dead sooner or later someone would come pounding on her door with an eviction notice. But so far, she knocked on the wood of her old sofa, and sat down. So far. Nothing.
She flung her feet up on the small coffee table in front of the sofa, not the wood of it, but a stack of Architectural Digests she always got from the Museum. Doctor Moamar Khabran was the Director there, and for some reason he had taken a fancy to her, as a man might to their daughter, and for that she was also grateful, as her rent didn't leave much left over for the frilly things, like books and magazines. 
She smiled as she remembered the first time he caught her rifling through a stack of museum magazines, saved for recycling. He had coughed lightly. She had frozen. She recognized that cough. She slowly turned around. He held a stack of magazines out and waited, as if she would know what to do next. She did. She took them, and then burst into tears. "I wasn't stealing, Doctor Khabran. Really I wasn't."
He had taken out a handkerchief for her to blow her nose, and then took her to a cafe near the Museum, where he treated her to an Egyptian specialty, a sweet that was made from fruit and sugar and looked like a little tart. Her eyes had widened when she ate the first one. "That's really good." She said, as she reached for a second. 
He had taken her hands in his and smiled gently. "You remind me so much of my dear Meela, who passed away. Sometimes my heart wants to break at the sight of you suffering so much."
Rusty froze. "I'm not suffering."
"You deserve better, Rusty." He told her, ignoring her utterance. "I've read through your history, done some research. The worst complaint I got about you was from your landlord, "A Missus..."
"Gromlich." Rusty finished, edginess to her voice. "What did she say?"
"That you were a pain in the ass, but she could never have a better and saner renter living next door to her."
"Ka-ching!" Rusty said, making a mark in the air.
"Ka-ching!" He had repeated, making his own mark. Then he leaned across the table and looked her directly in the eyes. "Anything you want to read, let me know, I'll order it for you. And if you have any desire to pursue..."
"A degree?" Rusty finished for him.
He shook his head. "Nah. That's just a silly waste of time for  you. You're so much smarter than those college bred idiots. The only reason why I keep Danish on, besides the fact that he has a Doctorate in Anthropology, Psychiatry, and Exotic Chemicals, is because he always stirs up the muck. And..." He smiled as he mused upon his next words. "And quite matter-of-factly our world needs some mucking up. Maybe someday it will even wake up."
Finished, he had risen from his chair, kissed her right hand gently, and pressed a fifty dollar bill into it before she could pull it away. "It's expensive here and I have an urgent meeting."
He rushed out the door, whistling as he did.
Rusty never got over that one act of kindness. There really were some good people in New York, and not only him, but Mrs. Gromlich, who would've thought?
She eyed the old television seated on the floor. An old RCA. 35 inch. She had picked it up at the 34th Pawn Shop, an old rat trap that sold bogus items for reduced rates. She knew a little about electronics, and was able to replace the worn parts and get it to work. Sort of. It only got one station. Problem with no cable. Her only antenna was a wire to the back and some rabbit ears, which didn't do much good with all the electronic interference from millions of other devices around her.
New York, New York, the faint sound of Frank Sinatra singing the tune ran through her mind, which she quickly ground to nothing by turning on her IPod, a gift from Betty. She plugged in the headset and rocked to some Blues. She loved the Blues, especially Bo Diddly and Lightning Jones. Lightning was an oddball person she had picked up from the Pawn Shop too. She had found the CD buried at the bottom of a stack of old magazines of all places. When the owner saw it, he shrugged his shoulders and said take it, it had no value to him.
She had run out of the store. She didn't want him to change his mind. And was she ever blown away. The cleanness of the guitar work was astounding, and the way he stroked those strings with a bottle drove her up the wall. She knew good bottle work when she heard it, and this guy would've made Eric Clapton shiver with envy had he heard him. She shrugged again, maybe he had, and that's why he was so good too.
The driving sound of the old steel string guitar paused for a second, and she heard something. She pushed her headphones off and looked towards the door. Nothing. She started to put them back on. 
A knock sounded on her door.
"Go away!" She hollered.
The knock sounded again.
Rusty shook her hair wildly a moment in frustration, leapt up from her living room couch. "Can't a girl have a moment of peace to herself?" She demanded.
She flung the door open.
No one was there.
"Damn!" She cursed, and then looked quickly up and down the hall. Mrs. Gromlich was half way out her door, eyeing Rusty with a stern look on her wide face. She was wearing that obnoxious red apron she always had on. Always red. Always an apron. That woman had no sense of style.
Sweetly. "Good afternoon, Missus Gromlich!"
Mrs. Gromlich shook her head, then closed the door on her apartment, locked it, and waddled to the end of the hall and down the squeaky stairs there.
Rusty sagged against her doorframe, relieved. "That was close."
She closed her front door and flung herself on her sofa again. She was about to put the headphones back on when the door sounded with a very timid knock.
"I can't believe this!"
Rusty got up, but tiptoed to the door. She grabbed an umbrella against the door and swung it up over her head, prepared to clobber whoever the prankster was that stood outside.
The knock came again.
She flung the door open, "Take that!" She cried as she slammed the umbrella straight into the stomach of Danish and a big beautiful bouquet of flowers that exploded, sending blossoms everywhere.
He stood there stunned a moment. She stood there stunned a moment, then Rusty stepped back. "What?"
Danish, probably for the first time in his life, was still in shock. He looked at her, the umbrella, the blossoms on the floor, then back at her, at a loss for words. Then Rusty heard the sound of Mrs. Gromlich squeaking up the stairs.
"Hell hath no fury than the Landlady finding blossoms all over the floor." She said beneath her breath.
Danish looked at her a moment thoughtfully, then at the mess. He smiled.
Mrs. Gromlich worked her way up the stairs, stopping every couple steps to pause and take a deep breath of air. She was panting hard, and holding one hand over her heart, and with the other clinging to the staircase railing. 
Finally, she navigated the final steps and took the turn in the hall towards her apartment. She paused for a second to eye the floor near Rusty's apartment. She squinted hard at it a moment, then grunted in disgust, unlocked her apartment and went inside.
Chapter Six: Singing in the Rain
Rusty and Danish sat inside Gordon's Deli, watching the rain patter the sidewalks outside, New Yorkers trying to dodge the puddles, and splashes from the overhead canopies of the Deli. A Taxi drove by too close to the curb and two men, dressed to the hilt, were soaked by a huge splash of water from its wheels. The men gave the Taxi a finger, and it honked its horn at them.
Rusty looked back at her plate, and smiled. "New York, New York." She sang lightly.
"Frank Sinatra." Danish said, lifting a thick peanut-butter sandwich to his lips.
Rusty looked up. "You know the song?"
"Got the movie." He replied between a gulp of Perrier and a bite of his sandwich.
"You like Martin Scorsese?" Rusty asked like an idiot. Which she truly felt like at that moment.
Danish laughed, spitting some of his food out onto her.
She gave him a shocked look, and then when he ducked back, afraid she might take a swing, she burst into laughter.
Danish relaxed, and then she hit him. Hard. On his right shoulder. "Learn some manners."
Danish laughed again, but this time Rusty didn't hit him. Instead she blushed. "I don't normally hit my bosses. So please don't take this personally."
Danish grinned. "You mean there's another way?" He asked, grinning even wider.
Rusty used the moment to shove a pickle between his lips.
Danish spit it out and then laughed so hard he knocked his Perrier over. It spilled into 
Rusty's lap. She jumped up. 
"Instant karma." Danish said, as he flung a napkin to her.
She wiped and then eyed the rain outside. "What's the use? I'll be wet the moment we hit the pavement anyway."
And she was, because another Taxi sloshed by, drenching her and Danish. She flung her umbrella down and shook herself like a dog for a moment, which brought Danish to the edge of hysteria. She glared at him and he stifled it, but not before she could see the smile on his face.
"What!" She demanded.
"You know. You're really cute when you do that dog thing." He said sweetly. "Reminds me of my pet, Meatballs, I had when I was a kid."
"Hey Buster, watch out!" A tall man said as Danish almost plowed into him.
Danish dodged him and kept talking. "I would roll him across the lawn like a balling ball and he would bounce to his chubby little feet, give the sweetest doggie smile, then race after me, barking his little head off."
"Apology accepted." Rusty told him suddenly.
Danish looked over at her and nodded. "You like dogs."
"Coney Island Ones." 
"Got me."
"Gotcha!" She agreed.
As they were walking she saw this very strange, pale skinned man peek from around an alley corner at her and gesture. She poked at her chest and he nodded.
"What are you doing, Rusty?" Danish asked.
"Communicating with this stranger in the alley."
Danish looked that way. "There's no one there."
"Yes there is. He's waving at you."
"Okay. Just for the sake of argument, if you see someone there, what do they look like?"
"Well, he's about your height, has sandy-brown hair, blue eyes, and this great big mole on the tip of his nose. Also a grin that makes him look like a Cheshire Cat."
"What?"
Danish had stopped, a stunned look on his face. The turned a shaken face towards her. No way you could know that man."
"Why not? He's plain as day!" Rusty shot back, getting annoyed at Danish, thinking he was making fun of her.
"He's dead."
Rusty looked back at the man, who grinned even wider, then wider yet until this pair of kids came splashing through the rain at a trot, and passed right through him.
Chapter Seven: The Ghost from the Past
Rusty moaned lightly, then rolled over on her bed and clutched at her Winnie the Pooh doll she always kept there, only it wasn't there. She shot upright with a bang. It took her a few moments, and then she became aware she was lying on a park bench. Several people were standing over her, along with Danish. A Policeman shooed them off, as a paramedic vehicle pulled to the curb.
"Where am I?" She asked.
"New York Park."
She gave Danish a look of disbelief. "No way."
"Oh yeah. It's real alright." He said. "I carried you here myself. When you fell over by the barbecue."
"Barbecue?" She yelled at him. "Are you out of your friggin' mind?" She yelled even louder.
The Paramedics jumped from their vehicle. One went to the back to open the rear, and the other dropped beside Rusty, and felt her pulse. He eyed Danish, who was hovering nervously by."A bit elevated. I think we should bring her in for observation."
"What!" Rusty screamed. She got up and looked at both men, like they were aliens from another world. "I am most definitely not...NOT...going to any hospital!"
Rusty started to say more, when both men seemed to merge into a sort of mist, and she found herself standing on a pristine, white beach of sand. Floating before her about three hundred yards offshore was a huge Spanish sailing ship. It bore the flag of the Spanish, which was flapping in the strong breeze coming across the sea towards her. She knew it was Spanish, because she knew some of the men from it. They had been coming ashore for about a month now, speaking with the Duke Noble de Ferdinand and the King. 
The King thought they were like gods, with their so fair skin, but she thought them just men, but very, very handsome and tall. The tallest of them had a smile that made her wish he would notice her, but for some reason he never said a word to her, even when she stepped into his view. She got so mad sometimes. She was a princess. Princesses were supposed to get their way, weren't they?
Not that she wanted to abuse her position of power. Her father was a kind and good hearted man, who would never hurt a soul. If he felt she ever misused her position, he would probably disown her, ban her to one of the outlying islands to live with the criminals sent there. No, she wasn't going there. She was no criminal. Just curious and in love. Mad, mad crazy love for the tall stranger who never looked her way.
"Hello, Princess." He said as he walked from behind her to stand beside her.
She let out a small yelp of terror. He put a warm hand on her shoulder and turned her slightly, so she could see his warm eyes and smile. "I have frightened you, I am sorry."
He bowed from the waist, took her hand and kissed it. "The Captain has been known to be many things, but never one to cause pain to women."
A bow-legged sailor with a patch over one eye stepped up and saluted. "Except their hearts, Captain."
The Captain scowled at him, and then laughed. He looked at the Princess and smiled. "True enough. Caught in a lie. But a delicious one. Why haven't I seen you before?"
She gave him a stunned look. "I have seen you day after day, after day."
He cocked his head. "I beg your forgiveness, had I seen you before, I would never have forgotten your face."
"What is your name?" He asked gently, while the Sailor rolled his eyes in a here-we-go-again look.
She smiled into his gorgeous eye. "Rusty. My name is...."
Rusty shook her hair and the Captain's face vanished to be replaced by the very, very worried look of Danish's face. He took her hands in his. "Rusty. You okay?"
"I'm fine."She answered as her eyes rolled up into her head and she collapsed into his arms.
Chapter Eight: The Forever Love
She couldn't believe how beautiful the island was. It was nightfall and the moon was just rising above the still blazing ocean where the setting sun struck it like an anvil. It was what the People called the Devil Kissing His Bride.
Funny description for such a romantic concept, but perhaps even the Devil needed some slack cut for him, though as the slender and oily features of the Priest walked by, she had to rethink that. Perhaps the Devil was just that...the Devil.
Strange concepts to her, which she had been learning from the Priest on board the Spanish Galleon. He had told her father that there was salvation through the God of his people in Europe. That He was great and powerful and to be feared when he was angry.
She, like the innocent fool he mistook her for, had spurted out. "That is no God! But a man you are describing. God is kind, generous, peaceful and wants the best for all people, not just those in power. That is why the royalty of this island never hoard wealth, but share it equally."
The Priest had glowered at her a moment, like a father might tolerate an errant child. It was then she noticed the Duke Noble de Ferdinand had been standing just outside the firelight, listening intently. Finally, he came and sat down by the Priest. "If your God is so powerful, then why do we need guns and cannon to bring these savages to our will?"
"God helps those who help themselves." He replied.
That was the one and only time that the Princess was truly proud of the Duke Noble de Ferdinand, as he made a snort of disgust and rose to his feet. "I don't fear your God, Priest; I may be a cruel man, but I am an honestly cruel man, but you...you kill and torture and maim in the name of God. You truly sicken me to the depths of my black soul. I may be damned, but I suspect there is a special place for your likes in Hell. "
Again, the Priest had gotten angry, even though he was supposed to be a man of peace and God. "You will regret those words one day."
The Duke Noble de Ferdinand turned to look at the Priest, his eyes glowing like those of a diseased monkey. "Pray that it is not you...who regrets." He warned.
At those words the Princess had also gotten to her feet, no longer warmed by the fire or the attention of the Priest. There was only darkness in her vision. She felt, rather than heard the sounds of screams, of gunshots, of cannon fire, and explosions, then felt a shiver of cold slice through her body, like a knife through flesh. She screamed as she saw in a crystal clear vision the Priest thrusting a jewel-encrusted sword through the heart of her father, the King.
"FATHER!" She screamed.
"RUSTY! WAKE UP!"
The Princess opened her eyes, but she wasn't the Princess, even though she knew she was and the Captain was leaning over her, his eyes filled with warmth and concern. Even Mrs.Gromlich was there, holding an ice pack in her hand. She turned to Danish. "The Devil has a hold of her."
"No, not the Devil. Something else." Danish uttered, holding up an odd totem about the size of a pencil in his right hand. He held it over Rusty. "Do you recognize this?"
She couldn't speak. She just shook her head, feeling this wave of utter cold sweeping across her body. She began shivering violently. Mrs. Gromlich hollered out the apartment door, "Get me those damn blankets, Wilford, or I'm going to come in there and cram those hot blueberry buns between your eyes!"
A moment later Wilford, her husband, stumbled in. He was a tiny man compared to her, but with a warm and kind face, even though at that moment he looked more like a terrified mouse, than a courageous human. 
"Here...here...it is....dear." He stuttered, handing the blankets over to her. She took them and covered Rusty with them, and then applied the ice pack to Rusty's forehead. 
"Professor, this is not time to stand there accusing her of witchcraft." She warned. "If you can't do something useful, then I suggest you and Wilford do what men do best, get out of our way."
Danish gave her a shocked look, which caused Rusty to grunt a laugh. Which she immediately regretted, as it hurt like hell. She began coughing painfully. Danish sat on her other side, and helped her sit up. Wilber ran into the kitchen, got some water and rushed back.
Mrs. Gromlich eyed him happily. "Now there's the man I know and love."
"Yes, dear." He said wearily. "Whatever you say."
Mrs. Gromlich took the half empty glass from Rusty's lips, and then sat back, sighing. "I never thought the day would come I'd be mothering you like my own child..." Glares at Wilford. Accusingly. "Which I never had."
Wilbur makes a choking sound. "I think someone's knocking at our door." He smiled at Rusty. "Feel better." He made a dash for the door, and rushed out, slamming the door behind him.
"Men!" Mrs. Gromlich sighed.
Danish made the mistake of laughing.
She glared at him like she was about to boil into an eruption of violence. He set a vase of flowers beside Rusty's bed, and then touched her lightly on the shoulder. He set a cell phone on her lap. "I bought it for you in case you need to talk."
Rusty and Mrs. Gromlich gave him a surprised look, as he almost bowed his way out of the room and left.
"What a gorgeous hunk of burning love that man is." She sighed.
Rusty nodded her head, even as her eyes shut tight and she whirled off into the never world of dreams.
Chapter Nine: The Candle in the Dark
She roamed the beach that night restlessly, her brown toes stirring the white flakes of sand into tiny whorls that lifted and fell to the side as she passed. Overhead a seagull cried for its companions, who in moments caught up, and shot with that one into the tall trees that lay nearby, their huge branches curling round and round their trunks upwards toward the skies. 
She paused a moment to look inland where the People were celebrating, ignorant of the devices of the Spanish on the island. They had welcomed them with loving hearts and hands and soon they would be betrayed. The Captain had took her aside just that morning at the peril of his immortal soul he had told her and explained what occurred. 
Evidently the Priest and Duke Noble de Ferdinand had come to an arrangement. The Priest had found out about the Inner Sanctum of the Temple and the jewels hidden there. Their greed had come up with a plan that would put the Duke Noble de Ferdinand in control of the People and the Priest in control of the wealth. 
The Duke Noble de Ferdinand had no love of any god, good or bad. He was only intent on seeing that he was obeyed like one. And death to the one who disagreed. She had seen him slay her father than very morning. The only reason why she was still alive was because she was only a Princess and a woman. So his future bride in his mind. But she would rather die. She suspected that option was also on the table as far as he was concerned.
She began to cry at the loss of her father. It was then she felt a disturbance nearby and the Captain rushed into view and enfolded her in his arms. "We must hurry if we want to escape the carnage about to happen."
"I cannot abandon my People." She told him yet again.
He sighed, shaking his head. "They have already lost this war, when your father was so foully murdered. Please, don't let those heathens put your soul to the test as well."
She shook her head, her eyes glistening with tears. "Captain, I see a better world than this one. One where women are equal to men and violence is abhorred as a way of life."
"And that is why you must die." The Priest said, as he came into view, surrounded by Spanish Soldiers. "Seize her. She is to be sacrificed in the Inner Sanctum tonight as the moon passes overhead."
The Captain turned on the Priest. "You can't do this. It's barbaric!"
"You just heard her admit she's a witch. Has she also told you of her visions of the demons that sleep?"
The Captain looked to the Princess for a denial, but she only looked away.
He stood silently, his hands at his sides as the Soldiers took her into custody and marched her away.
As one of the Soldiers passed he slipped a note into the Captain's hands. He glanced at it a moment, then dropped it after he had read it and fled towards a beached boat. The note fluttered in the wind for a time, then caught against a piece of driftwood. 
The Princess felt hopeless and helpless for a time as she was marched towards the Great Temple of the Sky Ones. She feared the place, but respected it. It and the Great Secret buried within its inner sanctum. Only her father the King knew how to reach it. Her people did not have a Priest like the heathen Spanish. They believed that all humans had God within them, and should worship that God by honoring each other. 
There had been no war on her island for centuries, no anger, and no hatred. It had been a golden time for her peoples since they could remember. Their ancestors believed many strange things, one of which was that they had not originated from the Island, but from a lost city far, far away. She had never given that much thought as an adult, but as a child, she had fancied herself exploring the jungles of the world for that city, in hopes of seeing the Sky Ones, those mystical beings who had taught her people how to rise up from the ashes and build a world of peace for themselves.
"I will have everything this night." The Priest said too the Duke, who blew it off with a sniff powder to his nose.
"Say you." He replied acidly. "Some might say you already do."
The soldiers holding the Princess by her arms, suddenly let go, but not in an obvious way. She was startled by it, and then when she looked at the one on her right, he made a motion with his eyes, as if trying to tell her something. The sound of cannons going off startled everyone. She chose that moment to break free and make a run for it.
"After her!" The Priest ordered.
The Duke stopped his men with a shake of his head. 
"You defy the Church!" The Priest said.
"No." The Duke said with a voice as silky and menacing as a snake coiled to strike. "Only you!"
The forest about them explodes from cannons shells falling. 
"There'll be hell to pay for this." The Priest shrieks.
"There already is. That cannon fire is not by my order."
"What!" 
"You fool. You have alienated everything that we Spanish hold dear by torturing these innocent people for the sake of your lust for power. No man, no, not even a god should have the kind of power you seek!"
The Priest drew a knife from his vest, but the Duke was quicker. His short sword buried itself in the fat stomach of the Priest, and then drew upwards into his heart. 
The Priest's eyes widen in shock. "Impossible! I am a man of God! I cannot be harmed by mere mortal weapons." Then he slumped to the ground in death.
The Duke looked at the Soldiers gathered around him. "I will not stop you from trying to escape, but for those who seek glory in the name of God and the King, come with me to the Temple, there is still work to be done there."
Half the Soldiers followed him, and the others head back towards the shoreline, trotting quickly.
Several stopped to turn and face the Duke, and then saluted. He smiled, then turned with his loyal Soldiers and ran towards the temple, even as a new barrage of cannon fell about them.
The Princess reached the shore the same time as the Captain hopped out of a boat to run to her. He swept her up into his arms. "Dear Princess." He uttered as he held her close.
One of the burly Soldiers who had let the Princess break free came up. "We must leave now."
"But why?" The Captain asked. "We hold the power now."
The Soldier shook his head. "The Duke has found the Inner Sanctum."
The Princess tensed in the Captain's arms. "He must not reach what is hidden there!"
"Why? What is hidden there?" The Captain demanded from her.
"The secret of Eternal Life." She whispered, almost choking on the words.
The Soldier and Captain both crossed themselves.
Chapter Ten: The Hand that Clasps the World
The Duke led his men swiftly up the stairs of the temple, several waiting outside to guard the way out. "We must be quick, the Peoples will recover from their shock soon and when they do, we must be far from here."
He slipped inside the ancient stone temple, admiring the fine carvings on the walls of ancient animals and fish. They were all humanized with heads of human beings, but the bodies of porpoises, whales, lions and other such creatures. 
"Duke, we haven't time for this." His Aide urged him.
He sighed. "What we do for God and country." He sighed again, and then dashed between the legs of a giant horse-like creature. He reached the back wall beneath it, searched with his right gloved hand a moment, and then found what he sought, a niche. He slipped his fingers into the niche and pulled.
The Soldiers behind him drew their swords in fear as the back wall began to slide apart, and a bluish glow emitted between the widening cracks of the opening, until everyone was deluged with a radiant blue light that lit them up like grotesque characters from a madman's play.
One of the Soldiers crossed himself. "Dios!" He muttered, then dropped his sword and ran like the devil was after him.
One by one the Soldiers peeled off from the Duke, until he alone stood there, framed in the brilliant blue light. 
He began to laugh. At first softly, then louder and louder.
He entered the Inner Sanctum and the huge doors slid shut ominously behind him, cutting off the sound of his maniacal laughter.
Outside, just a hundred yards from the temple the Princess clasped at her heart and staggered. The Captain gave her support as the Duke's men dashed past, crossing themselves and yelling they had seen the Devil and his demons.
"We're too late." The Princess said sadly. "He knows."
The Captain gave her a look of commiseration, and then pulled a long stick of paper that was shaped like a cylinder from his belt. He lit it, and it began to burn furiously.
"What are you doing?" She asked.
"Saving the world. Your world." He added.
The tube suddenly vomited a spume of red fire high into the air that exploded in a cloud of sparkling particles.
Everywhere there was absolute silence for a time, as the People gathered around watched the spectacle overhead, and the Soldiers froze, considering what it meant to them. But not for long, they continued their dash for the sea.
The Princess looked into the Captain's eyes. "What have you done?"
"Kept the genie in the bottle." The Captain said with a smile, and then held her tightly against him as the entire world around them exploded with cannon fall and explosions. He had only time for a few words before he and the Princess went to meet the Maker.
"I will love you forever, My Princess."
She looked up into his eyes and they kissed as the sound of falling cannon fire grew louder and louder in their ears, then...
Rusty sat up screaming.
Danish, asleep on the floor beside her bed, banged his head on the bed frame waking up, and the front door opened several moments later and Mrs. Gromlich and her husband ran inside.
"I knew I shouldn't have let a man alone in here."  She hollered, and then froze. 
Danish was holding Rusty, while she sobbed in his arms. "You killed us. You killed us. I love you. I love you."
Wilbur shook his head. "Talking about having a hard time making up your mind."
Mrs. Gromlich eyed him severely, arching an eyebrow in anger.
Quickly. "I think I hear someone about to kill themselves out in the hallway." He blurted out, and then ran for his life.
Transformation
Chapter One: My Body is my Temple
Rusty woke up, feeling like a million dollars. Whatever that felt like it had to be as good as she felt that moment. The room was lit with a soft shade of gold from the morning sun. She could even hear the pigeons outside on the balcony making their coo-coo sounds, helping each other straighten their feathers. She watched them every morning before work.
Then the snoring. The God awful snoring caught her attention. And it was coming from beneath her bed. She screamed.
BAM!
"DAMNIT!" Danish's voice hollered in frustration. "Would you quit doing that? You're killing me!" He said in exasperation as he sat up beside her bed, rubbing his forehead, where a purplish bruise was forming.
Rusty took one long look at him and then screamed again.
Mrs. Gromlich and Wilbur hurried from their apartment, just as Danish backed out of Rusty's fending off blows from her. "I can explain!" He protested, as she continued to rain blows on him.
"Oh dear." Wilbur muttered, and started back to his apartment. He got one inch before his wife caught him and steered him back. "Fix it!"
He sighed deeply, then went forward and interposed himself between the couple. "Ah, what's going on?"
"He broke into my apartment!" Rusty complained, trying to pound Danish around Wilbur, who stoically with a roll of his eyes, kept his position.
"No. He did not." Wilbur told her calmly.
"See I told you so."Danish added.
That only got Rusty going again. She aimed a fist at his jaw, which Wilbur narrowly caught on his own head, had he not ducked. Danish caught the fist and growled angrily at Rusty.
"Rusty, this isn't a dream! It's real!"
"Damn right it isn't a dream. A full blown Professor breaking into a single girl's apartment and sleeping under her..." Rusty stopped, looked at Wilbur, then over at Missus 
Gromlich who made a slight smile, then a wave.
Rusty rolled her eyes in frustration. "Now I've really done it, haven't I?"
She slammed the door in Danish's face, jostling Wilbur against him. Danish and Wilbur held onto each other to stop from toppling.
Mrs. Gromlich walked up and snickered. "I always knew you liked the boys more than we girls, Wilbie." She said in a snickering voice.
Danish and Wilbur hurriedly let go of each other.
Inside her apartment Rusty stood at the balcony window, watching two pigeons preening each other, gently smoothing the barbs in their feathers to help them from hurting. Why can't people be like that, she thought to herself. Here I am, finally got the man I've dreamed of for a year now to recognize me. He comes to save my life. I kick him out. Beat him up. And now what? Now what?
She wheels around, runs to the door, and flings it open. "Danish! Forgive me!"
Wilbur blinks his eyes as she almost runs into him. He hands her a note. "He wanted me to give this to you."
Rusty thanks him and rushes back inside. She flings herself down on her sofa and opens the note. "I'm glad you're okay. Danish." She reads.
She flings the note down and crosses her arms angrily. "I'm glad you're okay!"
She kicks the note across the room, then jumps up and grabs it back to read it again.
Chapter Two: Where It All Starts To Come Together
Danish sat down in front of his desk and eyed the pile of mail there a moment, then shook his head and began sorting through it. A timid knock sounds at the door.
"Office hours are posted." He hollers, not turning around.
Another timid knock.
"I said..." He stops, gets up and opens the door. "Whatever it is, it can't be that..."
Rusty stands there with a bouquet of flowers in her hands. She hands them toward him like a peace offering. Instead of taking them, he bursts into laughter, so deep and rich, that he almost falls back into the room.
Rusty starts to get red-faced, but instead, she gently urges him back into his office, and shuts the door behind them. "We need to talk."
Hours later, Danish has his hands behind his head and watches Rusty carefully, as she continues to spill on and on about her dreams. He is starting to drift off, when she mentions the name of the island.
"Wait!" He stops her. "What was that name?"
She repeats it. "Moronia."
He gets up, goes to an atlas on his nearest filing cabinet, and begins frantically flipping through it. He stabs a finger into the middle of a page, and then drops the atlas before her. She takes it and eyes the place he pointed to. "That's it."
"But that's impossible." He tells her.
"Why?" She asks.
"Because I have the only copy of this atlas, and it's only marked on this atlas alone. No one else knows about it." He says, as he drops into his chair. He begins spinning it around, like a teenager might do, then catches himself with a leg on his desk and whirls to eye her.
"Rusty, you're not going to like what I'm about to tell you."
She stiffens in preparation for what she feels is going to be another rejection.
He smiles. "Not that. Not that at all."
He picks up his phone and dials a number hurriedly. "Director. Danish. Do you have a few minutes? Yes. It's important. Very, very important."
Rusty follows Danish as he hurries along the marbled corridor towards the Director's office. College girls, interns at the Museum, wave in recognition, giggle in their hands and pass them by, giving Rusty nasty looks.
"Girls." Rusty mutters.
Danish gives her a surprised look.
"Well, it's true. I should know."
Danish nods his head, and then stops in front of a plain door with the simple word Director etched on the glass. He knocks once, and then enters.
Doctor Moamar Khabran rises from behind his desk and motions to a small table, where cups of coffee and a piece of pastry next to each, has been laid out. He smiles at Danish, and then gives Rusty a concerned, fatherly glance.
She smiles, blushing. "I'm good."
He notes the closeness of Rusty to Danish and he to her, then nods, not saying anything, but a knowing smile touching his lips. "Well then, Professor, perhaps you'd like to enlighten me as to the nature of this little emergency?"
Danish takes a sip of coffee, makes a face. "Remind me to get you a better coffee maker."
"Noted." Doctor Moamar Khabran says, smiling.
"It's this way." Danish says, leaning across the table. He lays down his atlas, and flips it open to a page he's marked with a stocking. 
Doctor Moamar Khabran eyes the stocking a bit warily. 
Danish blushes, then stuffs it hurriedly into his coat pocket. "Sorry. See this island.
"Yes. Moronia. Never heard of it."
"Right. Because it doesn't exist."
Doctor Moamar Khabran gives Danish a surprised look. Danish waves it away with a shrug. "Look, not because it's not real, but because this atlas was a special edition. The original Cartographer was a member of an elite metaphysical group called the Rosicrucians. They have maps of places that you would never believe."
"Ah, I've heard of them." Doctor Moamar Khabran replies, a slight hesitation to his voice.
"And?"
"And a word to the right places and only one copy of this edition was ever printed. I came upon it quite by accident as I was browsing through a local occult store, Stick, Stone and Bone off Christopher Street. The owner was this very unique Asian guy, short, kind of muscular with a smile that would never quit."
Rusty grabs Danish's arm and stops him. "Eyes that seem to look into your soul."
"That's the man. But how..." He stops. Then remember something. He pulls out a small totem from his pocket and hands it to Rusty. "You were clutching this when you had the dream about the Island."
Rusty looks at it. "Never saw this before in my life."
"You took it out of your left jacket pocket."
Rusty flashes back to the crowd on the sidewalk and the Asian guy who bumped into her. "My God! He put it there." She jumps up. "We gotta go there. Now!"
Even Doctor Moamar Khabran is surprised by this new Rusty. 
"Whoa, put the brakes on, young lady, before you burn yourself out." He warned her.
Rusty sits back down, but she is nervous now and obviously upset, as she worries at the watch on her right wrist. She glances at the fake diamonds on its face, then at them.
"This can't be a coincidence."
"I don't believe in coincidences." Doctor Moamar Khabran commented quietly, that same strange look in his eyes she had seen before. She looks at him sharply a moment, but he looks away, as if searching for something.
Danish gets up. "She's right. If this is somehow all connected, we need to know how."
"And why." Rusty added, rising more slowly this time. She reaches across the table and shakes Doctor Moamar Khabran's hand. "Thanks. You've been a great help."
"But I haven't done anything." He said.
"You will." Danish pointed out. "You're going to get us tickets to Moronia. We're leaving tomorrow. "
"This isn't an Escape to Adventure, Professor Danish." Doctor Moamar Khabran commented drily. "It could be quite dangerous for you from what has happened far."
Rusty shook her head. "I've got to know the truth."
She suddenly stops and eyes Doctor Moamar Khabran closely. "You lost your first wife on that island, didn't you?"
Doctor Moamar Khabran rises slowly from the table, his face suddenly glacial and stiff. "You'd better hurry. Those occult stores sometimes close quite early and you've got at least two hours to get there."
Without another word or comment on his sudden reaction, he opens the door and shoos them out.
Danish looks back at the door as they stop outside. "That was strange. Even for him."
Rusty takes his hand. He doesn't push it away. "Please help me."
He puts his other hand over hers. "Count on it."
He gives her a light smack on the bottom. "Now put some wheels on it."
"Sexual harassment." She cries out.
"Man hater." He retorts.
They break into laughter and head down the corridor, heading quickly for the side exit that leads out to the subway. 
"Gotta car?" She asks.
"Don't believe in them." Danish replies.
"What do you got?"
"You don't want to know." He replies.
Chapter Three: Stick, Stone and Bone
Rusty screams as Danish drives his four wheel electric skateboard off the sidewalk, sets it flying onto the sidewalk crossing, then tilts it up with his body leaning back into her, then catches it up onto the next sidewalk. Pedestrians dart out of the way, some waving the finger at him, others grinning and yelling epithets that burn Rusty's ears.
"Are you crazy?" She demands for what must be the hundredth time now.
In reply he hangs a hard right with a sudden lean and Rusty almost bowls them over when she leans the wrong way. Danish compensates and they shoot forward again, narrowly missing a Postman, who drops some of his mail in his hurry to avoid being struck.
"You're going to kill someone." Rusty complains.
"New Yorkers love excitement." Danish admonishes her over his shoulder. 
His cheek almost brushes hers and she gets an electric shock that almost causes her to lose her grip. She doubles up her grip, almost choking him to death.
"Rusty!" Danish warns.
"Sorry." She replies, letting go a bit.
Pair of dogs on a leash spot Danish coming and their tails stiffen.
"Oh crap!" Danish snaps. He looks hurriedly in every direction, but there's no way around them. "Hang tight!" He warns Rusty.
"I am hanging tight!" She screams back, then screams again as Danish lets his weight fall back towards her and the board launches up the back of an old Volkswagen Beetle, ramps across it, and shoots over the dogs, who strain to break free as they bark in a frenzy at Danish and Rusty flying over their heads. 
"You crazy sonuva bitch!" The Dog Owner screams, hauling back on his dogs.
Rusty moans. "I'm going to die."
Danish and Rusty slam down on the sidewalk, and the board groans from the combined weight, but doesn't break. 
Danish preens with pride. "I reinforced it with carbon steel from an airplane manufacturing plant I took my students to last month."
"Right. As if that makes everything all better." Rusty groans, still relieved that she's got all her bones in the right places, and her spirit in her body.
Finally, Danish lightens up on the power and puts a foot out to slow the board. It drops to a snail's pace and he gets off, grabbing Rusty with a free arm and setting her down.
"Damn! You're strong!" Rusty admits after he's finished. "You eat Cheerios every day?"
"Don't eat junk food." Danish replies, not catching her sarcasm.
"Well, here we are." He points out, looking up at the sign over their heads. 
Rusty looks into the shop and yelps. "It's weird."
"You don't know the half of it. But it's a good weird."
Rusty gives Danish an I don't know about that look, but meekly follows him into the shop, where he sets his board just inside the door. 
A very talk Christopher Lee looking gentleman with a sneer of a smile enters from a backroom, wiping his long, piano-thin fingers on a silk handkerchief. He coughs gently into it, and then stops before them. He preens his waxy mustache that is just a bit jaded on the ends with shades of purple and green.
Rusty eyes the mustache. "Nice colors."
"Thank you." He replies, taking her in while he speaks. "You look familiar."
"You don't." She answers a bit tartly.
Danish steps in front of her. "Don't mind her, she just had a near death experience and is at a loss for words still."
"Really." The Christopher Lee clone speaks softly. He tries to look at Rusty, but Danish keeps blocking him. Finally, he gives up. "My name is Richard. I'm the Store Manager."
"What may I do for you?" He asks politely, still trying to give another look at Rusty, who is fuming behind Danish, not appreciating what he's doing at all.
Finally, she shoves her way around him. "What he's trying to say is we're looking for this Asian-looking fellow, short, squat, with eyes like diamonds that go forever, high cheekbones, and a smile that's just downright creepy.
"Oh...him!" Richard said with a tremendous amount of disgust and disdain for the man all wrapped together. Even his face screwed up and puckered as if the thought of the man caused him to have a severe case of cramps.
"Well?" Rusty spoke up.
He eyed her closely as she stepped around Danish, who kept trying to keep her behind him, but finally gave up. She pinched his back when she thought it wouldn't be seen.
"Ow!" Danish yelled. Recovering, he added, "Rusty, you don't have to be so rude...to Richard." He said as an afterthought.
Richard eyed them both thoughtfully a moment, then shrugged. "Oh, he's nothing. Just a temp I brought in for awhile to help out. He's on call."
"Well, can you call him?" Rusty asked, again speaking up forcefully. 
Danish gave her the eye and she gave him a swift motion of her lips that Richard couldn't see telling him to buzz off, but not in such kind words. Danish gave her a shocked look, and she couldn't help but laugh. 
"You two seem to have quite a complicated relationship." Richard noted.
"What relationship?" Danish blurted out.
"Like hell we do!" Rusty snapped back. "
Richard coughed into a hand, and then headed for the back. "Follow me."
"Why?" Rusty asked.
"To answer your question."
"You're not planning on killing us because we know too much, are you?" She asked bluntly.
Richard paused a brief moment, then continued.
Rusty eyed Danish. And made a slice across her throat. He shook his head, and did a corkscrew on his head about her. She stuck her tongue out at him and he grabbed it.
Richard turned around to see what the fuss was just when Danish let go. Rusty wiped her tongue vigorously with a Kleenex; she had tucked in her coat.
"You're disgusting!" She snarled.
"And you're not?" Danish accused.
"Come, come children. Time to stop playing and be adults." Richard warned them with a hint of amusement that belied the deadly look in his eyes.
Rusty shuddered, but followed him with Danish keeping a wary distance behind her.
"Don't say I didn't warn you." She mumbles.
"Here we are." Richard says with a pointed finger.
They both enter a small backroom, and then stop. Standing in the center of the room is a man fitting the description they gave to the tee. Except...
"He's not human!" Rusty moans. "Oh my God! I got poked by a ghost!'
"Then that ghost must be rather substantially physical, young lady, because this is an island divinity. He never had a physical life on our world as we know it." Richard said.
"But you said he was on call." Danish accused.
"But he is. When I need to show off anything from the islands off New Zealand, this is whom I call on to wind things up a bit for the tourists. You realize we're mainly a tourist shop. There aren't any real witches and wizards that come here."
"But your advertising." Rusty begins.
"One has to make a living, dear one."  Richard admonishes her. "And now, if you don't mind, I'm about to close. It's late."
Danish looks at his watch. "Oh my God! I'll be late for my meeting with the Director!"
Rusty gives him an accusatory look. He shrugs. "I hit him up for money for a trip."
"Where?" She demanded.
"Uh..." He makes motions with his left pinkie, trying to get her attention. Richard is listening intently at that moment.
"Where?" She demands again, her face darkening with anger. "When were you planning on telling me?"
"I'm not your husband, Miss Howard?"
"And I'm not your slave!" She warns him back.
Richard sighs, then gently puts a hand on both of them and steers them towards the exit, which they allow, because they're too absorbed in their battle.
"How did I ever get involved with such an egotistical maniac?" She asks nobody in particular.
"And why oh why did I get trapped with a secretary who thinks she knows it all?" Danish slammed back.
"Good-night!" Richard said calmly, slamming the door on them as he pushes them the rest of the way outside Stick and Bones.
They suddenly realize they've been locked out.
Danish starts to pound on the door; it opens and his ride is shoved into his arms, then the door slammed shut. He stands there with a blank expression on his face as the lights go out, and shades go down on all the windows and door.
"He shut the door in my face." Danish barely got out, his body trembling with anger.
"What are you going to do about it?"  Rusty asks, and immediately regrets it, when he sets his ride down, starts it, grabs her and shoots off rapidly down the sidewalk, with her screaming at the top of her lungs as he nearly drives them into a car crossing the street as he shoots into a sidewalk.
Inside the store Richard heads to the back and a gaze at the statue a moment, then picks up a phone. He dials a number. He waits, and then speaks, "I wonder if you could do a small favor for me."
He smiles at the answer, and then looks at the statue again. "What? Let's just say that the golden egg has just found its hen." He hangs up. 
Premonition and Dreams
Chapter One: The First Dream
Danish strides onto the beach and eyes the distant jungle as his men disembark from their landing boats. He turns to his Sergeant. "Leave half the men at the boats."
"What about our muskets?"
"Leave them as well."
"But Captain, we don't know if they're friendly or hostile." He protested.
"Oh, but we do." Danish replied, gesturing to the trees where a small group of natives walked out, led by a rather tall and handsome man with a beautifully carved feather hat, and a young woman on his right, and just behind him.
The Sergeant sighs. "Please, don't let them be bringing us fruit to eat."
The tall man stops before Danish and gives a nod. In fluent Spanish he says, "As King of our island, I welcome you on behalf of our people and the Sky Ones."
Danish looks around. 
He hears some laughter behind the King, but cannot see the young woman clearly. She keeps her distance, and several warriors block her from view. "I see no Sky Ones."
The King smiles. "Oh, but they see you. And because they do, you are welcome. However. "He turns to look as a rather lean and scarred man with an arrogant bent to him disembarks from a late arriving boat."I'm not so sure about some."
Danish turns to look, then frowns. "He was supposed to stay on the galleon, Sergeant."
Nervous and a bit frightened. "He is not a man to be denied anything, Captain."
The King notes the fear, and then puts a gentle hand on the Sergeant's arm. "Please, it's no harm done. We fear no one."
Danish frowned again. "Oh, you should. You should."
The atmosphere intensifies as the scarred man nears, then stops before the King. He holds out a hand with a very large ring on it. "You may honor the Pope."
The King looks to Danish, who takes a deep breath, then turns to Duke Noble de Ferdinand. "Lord, he is a King."
"But a savage one. The Pope does not hold any above his office."
Before Danish can make a reply, the island shakes violently a moment, as if shuddering from the energies going on between the Duke and Danish, then as quickly as it came, it subsides, but the palm trees are still shaking.
Sergeant looks to his men, who many of, have fallen to their knees to pray, and others hopped aboard their boats, ready to shove off. "Easy men. It's just a shaker." He urged them loudly.
Most got up, but not without crossing themselves first and saying quick prayers.
Danish nods to the Duke. "I think their gods are trying to tell us something."
The Duke arches an eyebrow. "That is heresy to speak of gods, Captain."
"And our church stripping this island of its riches is not?" The Captain pointed out acidly.
The Duke's eyes narrow with malice. "Careful what you say next, dear Captain, for the very salvation of your soul rests on those words."
The Captain inclines his head, and then glances at the Sergeant. "Get our men moving. There's work to be done.
The Sergeant goes after the men who ran back to the boats and hollers at them. The Duke glances at the King thoughtfully a moment. "Your people have been most generous with our Priest."
The King inclines his head in humility, saying nothing.
The Duke stiffens, and then scowls. "But that changes nothing. I will hear no more of these heathen gods."
The King looks sad, but speaks up. "One day, you may wish you had never spoken those words."
"Is that a threat...your highness?" The Duke growled, reaching for his sword.
"No. A doorway into the future if you're not careful." The King replied calmly, then turned his back to the Duke and walked back towards his village.
The Duke scowled at his back a long time, and then eyed the Captain. "See to it that the supplies are loaded as we requested."
The Captain nodded.
The Duke followed after the King, then stopped and looked back.
"Be prepared to exit this damned place as soon as I give the word." He barked.
The Captain's eyes widened, but he nodded.
The Duke held the look between them a moment longer, then as if satisfied, he continued towards the village, followed by his Soldiers.
The Captain turned to the Sergeant. "Send a man to help them, Sergeant."
The Sergeant's eyebrows arched in question, but on the look from the Captain, he nodded his head, and took a Soldier aside. He hurriedly gave him instructions and the Soldier hurried after the Duke and his men.
"What is up, Captain?" He asked.
The island began to shake again. 
The Sergeant froze, waiting for it to subside, and then crossed himself. "Perhaps the King gave a good warning after all."
"Indeed." The Captain replied.
As he replied his eyes spotted the Princess at the edge of the trees, watching him. She waved. He pretended not to notice, but by slight crinkling of the muscles around his eyes and lips, it was obvious he had.
The Sergeant and his men all stifled chuckles on the Captain's look, then hurriedly got busy as he turned to see what was going on .
Chapter Two: The Door Through Which Few Enter
Danish jerked awake, his head had lain on his arms. He must have fallen asleep. He had gotten back to his office late that night, after dropping an also exhausted Rusty off. He had to smile at that moment, as she had seemed reluctant to let him go, even as she was urging him towards the door.
"It's been a long night." She said as she opened the door for him to leave.
He stood by her a moment looking into her eyes. She caught her breath as she looked into his eyes. His breathing stopped. It was as if time stood still for a moment between them. No defining what happened next. It was as if some kind of invisible bond were being extended between them and clenched together like a deal being sealed. 
He had felt shivers run up and down his spine. She had felt the same. He could tell, because she got goosebumps all over her skin the time as he felt the energies. Some kind of psychic connection, maybe?
Then it was gone. 
They had both frozen for a moment, clinging to that feeling. It had been magical, intense and euphoric. But neither could bring it back. Rusty started to get teary-eyed. For no explainable reasons she said. "I'm sorry."
Then she crushed herself against him frantically a moment, as if hoping some of his warmth could rub off on her, and then she had closed the door in his face, almost the same rude Rusty that she had become over the last days, but not all the way. No. Now something different was in the air. Something deep and intangible, rich and tantalizing, like the flavor of a fine coffee, but elusive like the mists of morning. 
He had stood outside the door to her apartment, striving to analyze what he had just felt and he knew without a doubt she was as well, because he could hear her sobbing on the other side of the door. He wanted to throw the door open and crush her against him, and comfort her and make her feel safe again, but he couldn't do that. He didn't even know if that was possible. Something bigger than both of them was going on now. Something that could only be experienced, and hopefully learned from in time.
He had turned around and almost bumped into Mrs. Gromlich. She had a Kleenex box in her in her right hand and a slice of chocolate cake in the other, carefully wrapped in cellophane. She put the cake in his hand and winked. "Penny for your thoughts."
She had then knocked once on Rusty's door. "Landlady!" Then looked back at him and smiled, before she entered the apartment and closed the door in his face before he could change his mind and rush inside.
Wilbur tapped him on his shoulder and he turned to look at the man. "She makes the best chocolate cake in the universe.  That was the last slice too. She never gives her cake to strangers."
That's all he said, and then he returned to his apartment and vanished inside, leaving a very confused, and suddenly quite lonely Danish standing there.
Danish had descended the stairwell to the front door, preferring that to the old rickety elevator that had squeaked and groaned every inch of the way to Rusty's apartment floor. He stepped outside and was rewarded by a very stiff, cold wind. His hair flapped around his ears and his eyes started to water. 
He shrugged his light coat tighter about him, and then forged his way down the ten steps of the apartment house to the street level, where his skateboard was locked to a bike stand. He unlocked it and stepped aboard, activating the motor. It made a soft hum and with a few steps he was moving down the sidewalk at an accelerating pace.
As Danish took the corner a bright white Honda Civic pulled up front and a very tall man stepped out from the passenger side. He spoke softly to someone inside the car, who unseen, took the instructions and then drove off, leaving the tall man alone in front of Rusty's apartment. The man was dressed in a very military type suit, with an odd camouflage type cape on his right shoulder. He stood out like a sore thumb, and felt like it too, but he ignored the stares of several Hoboes who approached him and from the look in his eyes, decided there was a better place to make a living and scrammed as fast as their worn shoes could carry them.
He frowned in their direction a moment, and then took out a totem that matched the one that Rusty had been given. It was smaller, and as soon as he pointed it at the building it began to shake slightly in his palm. The eyebrows of his face rose above two piercing, and startling intense blue eyes that looked as if they had been cut from rough diamonds and polished by repeated violence against them. These eyes had seen death and violence like few before. 
His face was quite large, square and powerful. His hair was a short-cropped sandy brown, cut in military style. Strapped to his belt was a baton, which was a military style one that could be extended with a twist of its handle. A lethal weapon in the right hands. 
He walked closer to the building and the smaller totem began to shake in the palm of his hand. A woman walking by was startled by it. He eyed her with a stern smile. "It's a new kind of toy I found uptown for my grandchild." He explained in a kind voice.
But she wasn't buying it. She shivered and rushed by; looking back over her shoulder to make sure she wasn't being followed.  He noticed and grinned. "Stupid bitch. As if I'd ever let someone as stupid as her get close to me."
The intensity of his statement brings a hint of malevolence to his face. This man has a deep and abiding hatred for women, as if they had caused him some kind of irreparable damage in the past. He spit on the ground, swung his cape over the front of his jacket and headed up the apartment stairs.
Rusty was busy sniffling and blowing into the Kleenex Mrs. Gromlich had brought her as the landlady watched CNN news on the small TV across from Rusty's bed. 
"It's so nice of you to do this for me, Missus Gromlich."
"Call me Mary." 
Rusty blew real hard, and then said. "Mary."
Missus Gromlich smiled then turned off the TV. "I think it's time we both got some shut up. I know Wilbur's snores will keep me awake if I wait till after he goes to bed."
"He's a good man. You're lucky." Rusty told her, as she rose to exit.
"I know." She looked back, grinning. "I'll tell you a little secret. Don't let them know you think that. It goes to their head, and then they start taking you for granted. Keep them on the edge, like something might blow up in their face at any time. That works!"
Rusty broke into laughter.
Mrs.Gromlich grinned and exited the room.
Rusty sat there quietly a moment, her eyelids starting to droop, when she heard a sound at her front door. "Missus Gromlich?" She hollered.
Nothing.
Rusty wearily got up. "Missus Gromlich? That you?"
Nothing.
Rusty sighed. "Who in the world could that be?"
She went to the door and tried to look out the peep hole. "Who's there?"
Nothing. No sound. No one in view.
Rusty felt the hairs stand up on her arms, and then the door knob began to rattle and shake like someone was trying to force it. Rusty backed up, frightened. What to do? She looked to her windows. The fire escape was too far to reach from the window. Maybe she could go out on the ledge and crawl to it. She looked out. Straight drop. Oh crap! She thought to herself.
A louder rattling of the doorknob, then what sounded like someone trying to kick the door down. Rusty did the only other thing she could think of at that moment. She ran to her small kitchenette and grabbed a huge frying pan made from cast iron. With trembling hands she hovered to the side of the door, as it began to open wider and wider.
Chapter Three: May Old Acquaintances
Danish stopped in front of the old home his Aunt had left him. The street was hushed in that old antiquey way that older neighbors oftentimes were. Not even dogs prowled the small front yards behind the small gated fences that surrounded them. He kicked his skateboard on end, shoved it under his right arm, leapt the small fence in front of his house and headed for the door.
As he neared the door he could smell the lavender bushes. Their fragrance brought back memories of his first romance. Doomed from day one. He still remembered the old farm out in the hills of New York, where the daughter Betty and he had snuck out into the apple trees to steal a few kisses and some quiet time together. Her father was an old world Norwegian who frowned on the idea of his daughter being alone for more than ten seconds with a male. Grown up or otherwise.
At first he had thought all was cool between them. She had even hinted that perhaps today they might explore a few things they had been heading towards for a few weeks now, but never consummated. They brushed up on their beginning moves, both enjoying the soft languorous kisses, and the warmth and heat of each other's breaths and bodies pressing and intermingling together. 
And just when he thought he would lose his mind, he felt her stiffen. "Father's coming." She whispered with a smile. 
Now the fact that their brief fling had been unflung was bad enough, but the fact that she seemed to relish the torture of the situation drove him nuts. He could have taken the overly protective father. He didn't find that bad, but sign of character, but the fact that she expected it of him and even found humor in the way he was constantly set back in his expectations...as if it were some kind of bizarre experiment on her side that drove him absolutely bonkers.
He liked her a lot; maybe even loved her in some ways, but that was the end stop for their relationship that day. Cease and desist the father had hinted. Well, he did. Ceased and went away. He moved to the college town in California. Berkeley. Mingled with the intellectuals, the older hippies, and the poets. It was more his style. He kind of lost himself for a time in that mélange of craziness that so blessed that city, but eventually he moved away and found himself closer to New York again, in Boston. 
He went to Harvard to complete his first doctorate in law. He specialized in governmental laws, because he had a fascination for exploring, and it proved to be a way he could get free tickets to various other countries as a law intern to Senators. He made his first contact to one of the aides to the late Kennedy. A kind man he thought at the time. What a load he had on his shoulders. 
When he found out how bright Danish was, and willing to stick his nose into anything. He had gotten caught sneaking a date with a cousin of the Senator's that hadn't gone very well. She had led him on, and dumped him in front of everyone at a Senatorial party. The good Senator, not stupid about such things, had taken him aside and said he was wasting his time on the Washington Peaches as he called them. He said he needed someone to do research for him on Egypt and that had been his first big break.
He had gotten a free six month long trip to the Far East where he could study firsthand the customs and rituals of the legendary Egyptians. He went to the Pyramids and the Sphinx almost on a daily basis, absorbing their antiquity and trying to figure out why he always got so dizzy when he went inside the Great Pyramid. Most tourists oohed and aahed, but none ever seemed affected like him.
Because he was never one to avoid a challenge, even one that brought personal discomfort, he kept going back again and again. He wanted to master whatever was going on with him, to get to the root of the problem.
And that was when he had his first experience. He had fallen behind the other tourists and the guide and the silence became louder and louder, and then the tunnel before him seemed to brighten. He gasped as if in great pain and stumbled to the floor, clutching at his chest. When he looked up he was looking into the eyes of a Pharaoh and his Master Guard. The Guard had wicked whip that he applied with great pleasure to Danish's back again, causing even more torment and pain in his chest.
It was the last stroke he needed before he passed away from fatigue, starvation and pain. As he rolled to the sands his eyes caught sight of something bright and shiny being lowered beneath the Sphinx into a vast well that had been scooped out of the earth. The shiny thing had windows on its lower third and a ring of pure blue metal that seemed to catch the desert sun and ignite it with blazing ripples of light.
As his eyes began to shut the Pharaoh leaned over him and said. "Tell no one!"
Then he had died.
He came to, surrounded by Tourists and a very worried guide, who looked both concerned and terrified. "What happened?" He asked.
"You said the Pharaoh had cursed you." The guide said, his eyes wide as saucers.
Before Danish could ask another question, the guide had brought him to his feet, and then very quickly hurried everyone out of the tunnel. 
Danish eyed the front door of his house and the Egyptian style mosaics designed about the door from finished strips of gold-like metal. He had made them. He had read somewhere that they had the capability to ward off illness and death. 
It hadn't worked. His Aunt had died from cancer anyway. But as he sat with her beside her death bed, holding her hand, she had suddenly sat up straight and smiled. "I'm going with them, honey." She told him. "You don't have to worry about me anymore."
With that she had lain back down and crossed over to the other side, her face deeply relaxed, all the wrinkles gone and a look of utter contentment on his lips and cheeks.
Danish had cried that day like no other. Not even the loss of his mother and father in an airplane crash had caused him so much pain. His Aunt had raised him from a child and given to him as no one else ever had. He would always treasure her and his memories of her.
He shuffled a moment in front of the door, then took out his keys and opened it. 
Looking back at that moment later on, Danish wouldn't be able to tell anyone why he did what he did next, only that something instinctively rose within him, causing him to use his skateboard like a sword as something dark swept towards his chest.
Chapter Four: Sticks And Stones May Break My Bones
Rusty waited for the door to open far enough and then swung her frying pan hard at the person trying to enter.
The person ducked the pan, then tackled Rusty to the floor and began tickling her. Rusty dropped her pan and began crying with laughter.
Finally, Rusty put both hand up. "I surrender. You're killing me!"
Betty sat up and gave Rusty a big grin. "Girl, you really gotta watch that swing of yours. You could kill somebody with it."
"Fat chance."  Rusty replied, getting up as Betty did. "More lucky to catch a rotten egg and fry it, the bust a chop."
Betty swung her arms out wide and Rusty went into them. They bounced up and down, screaming like little girls a minute. Doors up and down the hallway swung open. Cries of "Shut up! Leave me alone! I don't want any! Who the blank is out there! Erupted.
Rusty hurriedly shut the door. "Oh my God! Missus Gromlich is gonna kill me."
No sooner said than a knock on the door.
Rusty took a deep breath, and then opened it.
Mrs. Gromlich stood there with a platter of chocolate cake slices and a pot of coffee.
"Since no one is going to sleep tonight, how about we girls have a little party?"
They shut the door and moved into the living room. Mrs. Gromlich laid the platter down on Rusty's coffee table, while Betty rushed into the kitchenette for forks, napkins and cups. She ran back and hurriedly set them up. Mrs. Gromlich poured the coffee as if it were the last in the whole world, sighed, then deftly scooped a slice of cake onto a plate that Rusty laid down, handed it to Betty, then one to Rusty and finally one before herself.
Betty sat down next to Rusty on the loveseat, and Mrs. Gromlich sat in the easy chair, smiling pleasantly at the two girls.
She remembered how svelt she had looked at the ripe old age of twenty nine like Betty. Betty was the kind of string bean beauty that had guys gaping despite her dimensions. Tough, flexible and ready to speak up at the drop of a coin. Her long, curly brown hair flopped like a wild animal on one side of her head as she cocked her face to smile at Mrs. Bromlich.
"And how was your trip to Europe?" 
"Oh, Missus Bromlich, you should have seen the hunks in Venice. Those Gondoliers were built like football stars, and all tall and dark and..."
"Yada, yada, yada." Mrs. Bromlich interrupted. "I want to know about the trip."
They all broke into laughter, then shove cake into their faces, while sipping coffee. Finally, completed with that ritual. They all relaxed back into their positions, taking in the friendly silence.
Betty cocked an eye on Rusty. "You look different. You in love?"
Mrs. Bromlich grunted. "When is she not in love? A book. A candle. A bird. A piece of my excellent cake."
She winked at Rusty, who blushed.
Betty leaned closer and whispered. "Do you still want Danish for breakfast?"
Rusty slugged Betty on her arm. "You tease!"
"Caught me!"
Betty rubbed her arm, and then cocked an eye on Rusty again. "I don't know what it is, but you seem different in some way. Almost like you're someone else?"
Rusty grew solemn for a moment, and then burst into laughter. Betty and Mrs. Gromlich joined in.
Chapter Five: Death Walk Gently
Danish swept the gun to his right as it fired. The bullet grazed his right shoulder, and knocked him to the side. He hurriedly blocked the gun again as it strove to take aim once more, but this time he swept his skateboard upwards, staggering the man holding it with an uptake that caught him on his large square jaw.
The man cried out in pain and staggered backwards. Danish used his skateboard to jab the man in the stomach, and he doubled over, dropping his pistol. Danish kneed the man in his face, and blood spattered all over Danish and the floor.
"Damn you! Now I'm going to have to steam the place!"
Danish swung his skateboard again and slammed the man down to the front porch, where he stayed laid out. Danish took a moment to catch his breath, and then slowly bent down. He grabbed for the man's coat and jerked him over. But when he turned over, his coat sagged, and no one was in it. A pair of pants, a military shirt and jacket lay there, but nothing inside.
Danish felt a rush of cold terror for a moment.
"Oh Shit!" He uttered. 
Chapter Six: Just Like Old Times
The Duke stepped into the blazing blue light; totally unaware of all the destruction going on behind him, not even of the shaking that had begun beneath his feet. His eyes were transfixed by the images of the tall statues in the chamber. Their eyes blazed with a life force he had never seen before. Without realizing it, he began crossing himself over and over.
But despite the intensity of the visages arrayed before him, it was the great jewel that was clasped in the hands of some kind of creature lying on its back, with its arms upraised with the jewel that held his attention.
It was the source of the brilliant light. The source of Eternal Life. 
As he approached the jewel he felt the years falling away from him, his step grew lighter, his sight sharper, his smell more intense, and then he froze. At that exact moment all hell broke loose. The very floor under him flew upwards with him clutched between it, screaming in agony.
Outside the temple the Captain watched as the Temple collapsed inwards, then turned to the Sergeant beside him as the ground trembled violently again. "We must hurry. Try and save as many of the People as you can, my dear friend."
"What about you?"
"I have a Princess to save."
The Captain ran off to the right as the Sergeant gathered his men and began hollering at the People of the island to follow.
The Captain worked his way towards the King's home and found the Princess with the 
King's head in her lap on the floor. His eyes were open, but he was in great pain. She had her hands over his stomach, trying to stop the blood from flowing, as it flowed between and around her delicate fingers, turning them red with gore.
"We must leave." He said gently.
"Not without my father!" She said firmly.
The Captain smiled. "You doubt me even now?"
He took a strip of his white shirt off, revealing a very muscular and toned chest with a six pack. He swiftly created a tight bandage about the King's wound, and then lifted him into his arms like a baby.
The King actually smiled. "Were I a woman, I would faint."
The Captain smiled. "Were you a woman, your daughter would surely have my head!"
The King laughed hard a moment, and then coughed up blood.
The hut shook violently and began to tremble more and more, pieces of it falling down. He headed for the exit, followed by the Princess.
The Sergeant was outside with two soldiers. "Take the King to the ship at once. Be gentle." He said as he carefully laid him between the two Soldiers. They hurried off towards the ship. The Sergeant started to, and then dropped back. "Coming?"
"Unfinished business." The Captain said with the hint of malice in his voice and eyes. "You must go with him. I don't want to worry about your safety."
"I will never leave your side." The Princess uttered with total solemnity.
The Sergeant crossed himself. "Oh, dear Captain, this is one fish you are not going to be able to just toss aside when you are done?"
"What does he mean?" The Princess asked the Captain.
He took her hand and kissed it. "Another life. Another time. But this time is more important. Please, if you must come, then do so quickly. I fear for what is about to happen next?"
"Sergeant." He looks to his man.
The Sergeant sees something in his eyes. He looks sad for a moment, and then nods his head. "I will see to what you ask." He replied, meaning something entirely different.
He ran for the beach. The Captain turned towards the ruins of the temple. 
The Duke lay clenched between two huge pieces of broken floor, blood smeared across his lips. His lower body was broken and caught like a piece of metal by a vise. He looked up as the Captain struggled through a narrow opening, followed by the Princess. "Come to see me die?"
"I had come to rescue you, despite your ill intentions."
"Whatever do you mean?" The Duke replied, a hint of subterfuge in his eyes.
"Did you think I would not discover your true reason for this journey?" The Captain demanded.
"I would challenge you to a duel over those words, but you can see I am somewhat...inconvienced."
The Captain took a dagger from his belt and laid it within reach of the Duke, whose eyes caught its silver gleam, then looked up.
"What's the meaning of this?"
"Had you an ounce of regret within those shallow bones, you would use it." The Captain accused. "What is coming will not be so merciful."
"I fully expect to be rescued." The Duke replied, coughing up more blood.
The sound of distant booming began. The Duke's eyes widened in alarm.
"I seriously doubt any help will be forthcoming."
The Duke struggled to free himself, and finally did. He was unable to use his legs, but he grabbed the knife, struggling to drag himself from the rubble towards Danish. Danish stepped on his dagger hand and warned. "Pray your God is as forgiving as theirs."
Then he let go of the Duke's hand, took the Princess by hers and headed for the exit as further booming could be heard. At that moment the rubble began to shake violently.
"Don't leave me!" Screamed the Duke.
The Captain ignored his pleas and vanished with the Princess.
The Duke began working his way towards the exit, painful foot by painful foot as the rumbling intensified and the booming grew louder and closer
The Captain and the Princess ran from the ruins and headed for the beach. As they did the booming suddenly silenced. They both froze as they heard something loud and trembling moving towards them.
They both looked up. The Moon became engulfed by something dark and massive. They burst into a run.
When they reached the beach they saw the Captain's Galleon riding high on a gigantic wave that hovered high above the island. Towards its left several Spanish ships were burning, their masts broken.
The Captain clasped the Princess to him. "I love you."
"We will be together again." She promised.
He smiled at her, raised her lips to his and kissed them sweetly. "Love never dies. I will return for you. I swear!"
She smiled and moved into him, holding him tight. They turned to watch as the huge tidal wave rose higher and higher, and then came swinging down upon them, to swallow them and bring them to their Maker.
Rusty woke up from the memories with a gasp like she was drowning. 
She jumped out of bed and headed for the bathroom. Without thinking she went not into the door, but right through it, passing through it like a ghost, leaving a trail of sparkling particles behind her.
Chapter Seven: The Steps To The Beyond
Danish strove to shrug off the fatigue that threatened to overtake him, as he struggled with the sheets wrapped around him like a mummy's wraps. He hadn't been able to sleep all night, and that last dream had seemed so real. A tsunami that enveloped an entire island. He felt as if he had really been there. And the young woman, the Princess. He felt his heart aching for her, as if he would die if he could never see her again.
Groaning, he got up and kicked on a pair of Snoopy slippers. His only vice in a pretty much Collegian style room. Four poster, neat dressers, neat rug. Clothing all folded and ready for the next day of work. He could be a disaster at work, but at home, he was a neat freak. His only breaking of that law was his worn out Snoopy slippers his mom had bought him as a child. It was all he had left of her, and it was a treasure he had a hard time letting go of.
What was it about this Rusty; his secretary seemed to be bound and determined to take over his...
Danish paused. He couldn't go there. Whenever he began to think seriously about her, she 
brought a smile to his lips. Her spunkiness, her determination to overcome all odds, her inner beauty just snapped him to attention; but he had ignored it for years now. Why? Why?
Again, he pulled back inside of himself. He couldn't face the tidal wave of emotion that threatened to overwhelm him when he went in that direction. So he did what he had to do, he got up and took a hot shower, and then a very, very, very cold one.
The smashing of the cold streams against his flesh made him forget for a time all that had been happening and about to happen, that perhaps there was more going on than he thought. Even as he thought about the recurring dreams and images now, he found it hard to give them credence. It happened in India a lot. He had read about small children guiding their parents to their own grave, showing them that they had been another person before in another life. But Danish wasn't quite ready to accept that belief system. He did believe there were supernatural forces; just not that death wasn't final. 
He turned the cold water up harder, washing away all thoughts completely, as he fought to stop shivering.
Chapter Eight: On The Wheels Of Eternity
Rusty and Betty stood outside the apartment building, holding hands. They didn't want to lose contact with the reality and bond they shared so deeply. Betty seemed so much like the sister that Rusty never had, but would have wanted. Firm, smart, cool and feisty.
Betty glanced at Rusty, sensing her mood. "Believe me, Rusty; it doesn't take mind reading to catch your thoughts. Stop it. You live too much in your mind. You need to get out and smell the roses sometimes."
Betty smiled, and then gave Rusty a kiss on her right cheek. "See you tomorrow. Okay?"
Rusty nodded her head and watched as Betty got into the taxi, waved, and then sat back out of sight as the taxi shot into the morning traffic. Rusty stood there for a time, breathing in the slight frostiness of the air, the scents of garbage cans waiting to be picked up, stray cats, maple leaves and something odd.
That brought her back into her body again suddenly. She turned to look and a very tall man was in the alley next to the apartment house. He had sunglasses on and wore a very distinctive military style outfit, with a cape over his right shoulder. Rusty had seen a lot of kooks in her time living in the Big Apple, but this one absolutely terrified her. 
She backed up slowly, then ran upstairs, flung open the apartment door and ran up the stairs. As she ascended she could have sworn she heard the front door open and slam shut. She hurried up, stumbled once, losing a shoe. She swore, but left it behind. Finally, she reached her floor and rushed to her apartment and dashed inside. She never locked it. No one ever bothered her, but this time she slammed the two sets of dead bolts shut, and twisted the lock in the door as well.
She stood there panting from the effort, her forehead dense with sweat. She could smell it all over her. Damn! She swore to herself. Now I'll have to take another shower and be late for work.
"Bam!"  Something struck the door.
Rusty shrieked in terror.
Silence.
Rusty ran for the kitchen and dug out her frying pan again, and then posted herself on the side of the door. 
The door knob rattles hard a couple seconds. Rusty tenses.
The knob stops moving, then Rusty hears a fumbling in the key hole of the door. She swings the frying pan high over her shoulders and waits for the door open, which it does. She swings downward as hard as she can.
A hand flies inside and catches her by the wrist.
Rusty screams again, and then stops when Mrs. Bromlich and Danish can be seen framed in the doorway.
Danish grins. "You really know how to put the hurt on a person."
Rusty almost collapses. 
He gently pries the frying pan from her clutch, almost as if scared she might still decide to take a swing, then turns to Mrs. Bromlich. "Thanks for the help."
She pinches his right cheek. "Any time, cutie."
He blushes. She giggles and heads back down the hall.
"May I come in?" Danish asks shyly.
Rusty nods her head, then slams herself down on her easy chair and puts her face into her hands. She begins to tremble and shake.
Danish closes the door. Locks it, and then goes to her. He places his skateboard on the floor, and the frying pan on the coffee table, and then drops beside her. "You okay?"
She shakes her head and begins to cry. 
He looks helpless for a moment, then as if crossing a line he had no intentions of crossing before, he gathers her into his arms. She stiffens a moment, and then sobs harder.
"I know. I know." He tells her gently. 
Outside in the hallway Wilbur comes from an apartment where an older man with a huge pot belly stands in the door way. "Wilbur, this place is getting too noisy for a man to get his rest at night."
Wilbur nodded his head. "I'll see what we can do about it."
"You better or I'm pulling up anchor and sailing out of her."
"Not without paying your back rent." Wilbur scolds him.
The older man sighs. "Wilbur, you know I wouldn't do that. You two are too good to this old man. But..."
Wilbur grins lopsidedly. "Sure. But. Have a good night, Sammie."
"Yeah. You too." Sammie replies, scratching his pubic area vigorously for a moment, before closing his door.
Wilbur turns round to go to his own apartment, when he hears something odd. He glances back at Apartment 445. "I thought it was empty."
He listens a moment longer, but no more sound. He shrugs his shoulders. "Rats." He mutters, shaking his head, then heads down the hallway to his apartment, opens the door to the sound of old Lawrence Welk music, then shuts the door.
A moment later the man with the square jaw and cape over his military jacket steps into view from the supposedly empty room. He sees no one, and then slips back inside, closing the door behind him.
Inside Rusty's apartment Danish is busy in the kitchenette where a pot of tea just begins to whistle and blow. He taps the side of it with a knuckle, makes a face, then grabs its handle and pours tea into an extra large cup with a picture of Mickey Mouse on it. He smiles a second at the image, then hefts it and brings it to Rusty, who is still on her easy chair, wiping at her eyes with a Kleenex.
"I look horrible!" Rusty complains as Danish sets the tea down on the coffee table.
She looks up at him. "I smell horrible!"
Danish knows better than to feed the fire. He motions to the tea cup.
"You're not having any?" She asks as he continues to watch her.
Her signal received, he heads back into the Kitchenette. "Want to talk about it?"
"I was being followed by this real weirdo. And believe me; I've been followed by my share of them." She finally says, after a huge and noisy gulp of her tea. "Can you toss me some Stevia? It's in the Pluto bowl on your right."
Danish spots the bowl, grabs a packet and tosses it. She snatches it expertly out of the air and pops its top and pours with her right hand, while watching him. "You're new to this domestic stuff, aren't you?"
"Mostly." He agrees, before pouring himself tea into a simple Star Wars cup with a picture of Yoda on it. He tosses some Stevia into it from another packet, and then sits on the love seat opposite Rusty.
"I've never been much of a person to settle down. Too many places to go, to explore, to solve the mysteries of." He pointed out.
Rusty nodded her head. "I know. I've seen you come and go for a few of them already."
Danish puts his tea down and eyes her sharply. "You' changing the subject. Why?"
She looks up at him and her eyes are filled with terror. "This is just getting too terrifying to me. I don't like things that go bump in the night."
"What do you mean?"
"That person chasing me. He wasn't really there."
Danish stiffened. "In what way?"
Rusty sets her tea down and begins pacing the room restlessly. "Oh, he was solid enough looking, but his feet didn't touch the ground."
"You saw that?"
"And I could also see through him."
"What?" Danish roared. "That's..."
"Impossible. I know." She admitted, and then on a sudden whim, she turned off the lights. 
"Hey!"
"Not what you think, Mister Professor." Rusty warned him as she approached.
He remained on guard until she came near enough to turn her hands over. He gasped. Her hands were glowing a soft gold color.
"That's incredible!" He stuttered.
"And impossible." She agreed. "Unless, of course, you've been exposed to a hundred megaton atom bomb or something."
"You're radioactive?"
"Danish." She started to sob, and then caught herself. "I don't know what I am anymore. There's more."
"More?" Danish asked, sounding like a stupid jerk to himself when he did so. 
Rusty went to the kitchenette wall and placed her hand on it. 
"What?" Danish asked.
"Wait, Mister Impatient." She demanded, and then she shoved her hand through the wall.
Danish jumped up, spilling his tea all over himself. "Jesus Christ!"
"You think so, do you?" Rusty asked in a kind of humorous way, her face smirking. "Watch this then?
Rusty pulled her hand out then went straight at Danish, who started to back up, then for some reason he couldn't figure out, held his ground. Whatever he had been thinking got blown out of his mind when Rusty didn't stop, but passed right through him as if he was just air and not solid at all.
This time it was Danish who had to sit down. 
"Oh my God! My God!" He uttered over and over.
Rusty turned the lights back on and sat back down on her easy chair and gave him a smile mixed with sadness and humor. "Just call me Missus Particles."
Danish sat there a long time. Nothing could come to his mind to say. What could he say? What he had seen was not only physically impossible, but for a living person to do so, was beyond physically impossible. Sure, he knew there were people who had crossed over, but not gone into the Light, who sometimes would walk through walls, or walk in the air, but this...this was just beyond anything he could ever have imagined, and he could imagine a lot of things. 
Destiny Calls the Wrong Number
Chapter One: You Should Have Seen The Other Guy
The Director sipped at a cup of Jasmine tea with a slip of lime floating in its center. He watched the lime bob a moment, and then gently urged the tea down his sore throat. He had awakened that moment with a throat that felt like fire was born in it, and a headache that wouldn't quit. Too much was happening. Too quickly. He strove to toss the memories away, but they kept creeping back, souring his tea.
Finally, he gave up in disgust, and threw his head in his hands. The sadness overwhelmed him again as it usually did. He fought against the images of his wife struggling helplessly in the grip of forces beyond their control. Of his futile attempts to rescue her, to save her from a fate worse than death. But he had failed.
It was at that time that he gave up believing in God, or the goodness of the world. He turned bitter and hostile towards exploration and towards the Higher Purpose in life, which he had come to worship in his youth. Born of devoted Hindu parents, who believed in a common God root to all belief systems, he never was one to believe in multiple gods as so many did in his homeland, but he did belief in a higher force, Vishnu, Krishna, Shiva, whatever name you wanted to give to it. 
He spent years of his youth in exploration and travel, cataloging mysteries that defied the imagination. Babies who miraculously floated on water, instead of sinking to their deaths. Reincarnated children who remembered exactly where they died and who they were. Yogis who could swallow burning nails, eat poison like Rice Krispies, and float in the air like dandelions on a whim. He had seen much that would shock and defy traditional western belief systems, but he never had a quarrel with those either, as he had seen much to establish their truths as well.
He had seen the remains of Noah's Ark on an expedition funded secretly by Bill Gates, and shared also secretly with the religious leaders of that time. The ship had been massive and made with a technology that even today would defy man's ingenuity and purpose. He had seen people who had been abducted by beings from other worlds; even seen one abducted. That one had shaken him to the core, not only again in his belief in God, but in his belief that God was truly looking out for man's best interests.
He never blamed God. He just couldn't make it make sense. He had endured all those tests of faith over and over, and more, but when his wife was snatched away by that evil force on Moronia, that had broken the camel's back. His faith had been shaken like never before. He had curled up into a fetal position, his chairmanship of the Museum, and assumed the humble title of Director at the insistence of his political friends, even when he swore he would never again explore that place or any other like it again.
Indiana Jones may have liked doing that kind of thing, but he was a fantasy, the Director was not. He had been left with three children to bring up without a mother. How do you explain to your children that you wife has been taken by evil forces that should not exist anywhere?
So he did each day what he did best. Listen to the problems of his personnel. Intervene where necessary. Help where he could. And love his children, who had grown up into responsible, good adults. The grandchildren they had given him had at times helped him to forgive himself for what he could not do, but not forget.
So this day was undoubtedly a low point for him when Rusty and Danish entered without knocking and sat down. He gave them a surprised look, and would've asked why, but before he could speak Rusty had put a finger to her lips, and then passed it right through her face as if it were not even there.
"Vishnu save me!" The Director shouted, jumping to his feet.
Danish and Rusty sat calmly while he gathered his senses back into his body. He stood there huffing and puffing as if he might explode, his heart pounding like a hammer on an anvil in his chest.
Rusty rose and put a hand on his chest and he felt this warm green glow grow about it. He looked down, surprised that he had seen in his inner mind what was truly happening.
"What?" He started to ask.
"You don't begin to know the half of it." Rusty said before he could go on.
Chapter Two: The Cafeteria
Rusty stirred bag after bag of sugar into a huge bowl of coffee. Danish and the Director looked on in amazement. She looked up at them. "What? It's just coffee."
Danish cleared his throat, uncertain whether to speak, but then on her scowl he went ahead. "It's not a coffee cup. It's the sugar bowl."
"You think I don't know that?" Rusty snaps back, then blushes. "Damn! You're right."
She looks down into her lap, totally blown away by her remark and her actions. Danish puts a hand over hers. She looks to him. "We're not judging you. You've got a lot on your plate..." Grins. "...and in your bowl at this time."
She laughed. It was so unexpected and so rich with amusement that both Danish and the Director felt their own tension melting away as well. The Director jumped up, went to a counter, handed over a ten, and brought back a plate of red velvet cakes. He put them in front of Rusty, whose eyes widened with pleasure. She grabbed one in a napkin and began dunking it into her bowl of coffee.
Danish shook his head and grinned at the Director. "You have a knack for doing the right thing at the right time."
"I have three adult children." He said with an emphasis on children.
Finally, he wiped his hair back from his ears and leaned forward. "How soon can you leave?"
Rusty stopped stuffing her mouth and choked out the words, "Leave. Where?"
"Here." The Director stated simply, but firmly. He threw down a pair of tickets in front of Danish.
"Your flight leaves in two hours."
Rusty spit out her cake. "Two hours! How in the hell am I supposed to get all my clothes cleaned in that time?"
The Director took out two credit cards. Both Diamond Platinum ones and placed one in front of Rusty and Danish. "I don't. When you arrive in Paris, you will shop till you drop, then take the next lag of your trip."
"Wow!" Rusty sighed. "You really know how to treat a girl." She eyed Danish. "Unlike some others."
Danish raised his hands defensively. "On my salary you'd be lucky to get Target."
She grinned. "I love Target."
Danish shook his head. "Sometimes a guy just can't win for trying."
Rusty waved a napkin full of velvet cake in front of Danish's face. "And don't you forget it."
Then Rusty froze, a look of shock on her face. "Don't move."
Danish started to move. She grabbed his wrist and stopped him. "Both of you pretend you're just eating."
"But..." The Director said.
"Just do it!" Rusty growled.
The Director and Danish took some velvet cake and began eating. A tall person walked past them without seeing them. It wore a cape on the right shoulder. When they saw who it was, both men almost gagged on their food.
"But..." Danish began.
Rusty put a hand over his mouth.
The person stopped to look back. It looked like it might be peering their direction, but they couldn't tell, the face was expressionless, like a statue frozen in time.
"It's not human!" Rusty whispered in Danish's ear, acting as if she were kissing it.
Danish felt his blood begin to heat up when Rusty breathed into his air. He had never felt so aroused in all his life. He quickly drank some cold water and pressed the glass against his neck to cool down, causing the Director to laugh.
"What?" Danish asked.
"Nothing." The Director answered, suppressing another chuckle.
Rusty had a look like the fox that got into the chicken coop as Danish blushed so red he looked like he might explode. 
The strange person kept on walking, and then exited the cafeteria.
Rusty took a deep breath, and then said. "It's not human."
Danish took a moment to realize what she was saying. He was still feeling flushed by the contact with her breath. He shook his head to clear it, and then leaned closer. "What was it?"
The Director answered for her. "A Construct."
"A what?" Danish asked, flabbergasted by the Director's answer.
The Director leaned closer. "When I was on Moronia I confronted one there. I believe this is the same one."
"Huh?" Rusty grunted.
The Director put a hand over hers. "Dear Rusty, it's something you'll have to take on faith. We've all seen it. It exists. It's real. And...."
"And it's very dangerous." Rusty finished, exhaling the words slowly.
"Your wife?" Danish started.
"Yes." He answered, looking down into his lap.
"My wife." He answered.
The Director reached into his coat and pulled out a very weathered looking map that was folded over and over like a dollar bill. Its edges were torn and frayed. It looked brittle and ready to crumble to pieces. He gently unfolded it on the table.
"This is where we're going." He pointed.
Danish gave the Director a startled look. "We?"
"I've got a score to settle." The Director said with a viciousness that startled both Danish and Rusty.
"Oh there you are!" Came a voice from behind them.
Rusty perked up. Her eyes lit up with a smile as Betty came over from the entrance and sat down next to the Director and her. She reached out and offered her hand to the Director. "You must be the famous man who runs this joint?"
The Director actually blushed. He wiped at his hair to regain his senses, and then took her hand. She didn't let go right away, which he noticed and caused him to blush even more.
"Rusty has only great things to say about you."
She finally let go, then eyed Danish with a certain amount of disdain. "So this is the gallant Captain?"
Rusty began to choke up. Danish patted her on her back and she quickly drank some water, and then gave him a side glance filled with apologies. 
Danish reached out his hand. Betty reached hers to take it, but Danish instead took her hand between his and kissed it. "For the Senorita I am whatever she wishes me to be."
Both the Director and Rusty gave him a hostile look at that moment.
Betty and Danish broke into laughter.
Betty stabbed Rusty in the ribs with a long painted orange nail with a picture of Donald Duck on it. "Gotcha!"
The Director took a deep breath, and started to reach for the map. Betty, without looking, put her hand over his hand and the map. "Not so fast."
He gave her a surprised look. "You're not taking my best friend on any kind of crazy adventure without her best friend there to protect her."
Rusty's face lit up. Danish frowned.
The Director looked amused at first, but when h e saw she was serious, his face also lit up. He nodded his head. "And what do you offer to this adventure?"
"Other than the fact that I can kick any of your butts with both of my hands tied behind my back?"
Rusty nodded. "She's a first degree Black Belt and a Jackie Chan First Degree Champion.
"Damn!" Danish spurted. "You know Jackie Chan?"
Betty nodded. "BF&B."
Rusty giggled at the look on Danish's face.
"Look." Betty said, leaning closer in a kind of conspiratorial way. "I don't know all the facts, but this much I do know. You need protection. I'm not going to kill anyone, but I defy anyone to stop me from trying if I have to."
The Director gave her a second appraisal at those words.
Rusty took Betty's hand and shook it lovingly. "To the end."
Betty gave her a crooked Hans Solo kind of grin. "And beyond."
They smiled warmly a moment, ignoring the looks of Danish and the Director, who were both reevaluating what they had been thinking about the whole thing.
"Okay." Danish finally managed to come out with."Director?"
He gave Betty a soft glance, which she noted, but ignored, the hint of a smile on her lips. "If she is half as courageous as she is blunt and bold, then perhaps she would be a perfect complement to our team."
"Team?" Danish blurted out.
The Director waved a hand, and a very tall blonde-haired man came over. He was wearing all white. He was the personification of Mister Clean, even to the hair. He was heavily muscled and looked like if he wrestled a gorilla, the gorilla might have second thoughts about the match.
The Director stands up and puts an arm around the man. "I'd like you to meet my oldest son, Chandra."
Danish rises to shake hands. "Pleased to meet you. Welcome aboard."
Chandra turns to Rusty. "And I'm assuming you're the red-haired bomb the Old Man has been spilling the beans about over these last few years?"
Rusty gives the Director a questioning look. He blushes. "Not what you think."
Chandra grins. "Dad's old, but he's not dead."
Danish breaks into laughter at the Director's new blush of embarrassment.
A clearing of a throat. Chandra looks over to Betty, and his face lights up. "Bet! Damn!"
Betty jumps from her chair and flings herself into his arms. The Director looks a bit upset at first, and then shrugs his shoulders. Chandra lets go of Betty's waist, but keeps a hold on her right hand as he turns to his father. "Bet and I graduated from MIT together."
Rusty's turn to look flabbergasted. "You're a Doctor?"
"Damn straight!" Betty acknowledged with a grin. "Can't give all my secrets away, or I'd be boring, wouldn't I?"
The Director rises from his chair with a smile. "I suspect you couldn't be boring no matter how hard you tried."
Betty gave him a heart breaking smile that caused him to melt beneath her gaze. "Know anybody that might like to try me out?"
Chandra let out a deep belly laugh, then gave Betty another hug and took his father by the arm and led him away. "We've got to pack. And you need your beauty sleep, Old Man."
The Director looked back at Betty. "I'm not an Old Man."
"Sure thing, Pops." Chandra said, pulling him the rest of the way out of the cafeteria.
Betty followed their progress with her eyes a moment, and then looked to Rusty. "Never told me he was such a hunk."
"The Director!" Both Rusty and Danish said at the same time.
They looked at each other.
"You're kidding?" They both said again at the same time.
Betty shook her heard. "Either I've been sucking too much oxygen or you two are starting to sound like echoes."
She rose. "Rusty, text me when you're ready and I'll pick you up. We'll go together to the airport."
Rusty jumped up. "Oh God! I haven't got a single clean thing ready."
She looked at Danish. 
"Go on." He said. "I'll take care of the bill. See you both tomorrow."
As Betty led Rusty away from the table she glanced back at Danish, who wasn't watching and made a growling sound in her throat. Rusty smacked her on the arm and Betty laughed. They exited the cafeteria, laughing like two teenagers.
Danish took a deep breath, then a look at the bill. "A hundred dollars!"
He pulled out his credit card. "I've really got to ask for a raise."
Chapter Three: Flight Of The Dragons
Rusty and Betty were dressed in jungle outfits that made them look like something out of an old Tarzan movie. They hovered near the ticket counter, surveying the other passengers in the terminal area for anyone suspicious.
"I don't see Mister Handsome anywhere." She stated.
"Believe me, that's one man you don't want to see." Rusty complained.
"Hi Girls!" Danish said from behind them.
Both girls screamed, causing a small commotion in the ticket area as Security Guards looked for the cause of the disturbance.
Danish raised his hands as they turned on him. "Sorry. Sorry. Don't shoot!"
The Security Guards eyed him closely a moment, then noting the Museum badge on his shirt, and his nice suit and tie, they slowly took their hands from their guns. 
Rusty punched Danish on his arm. 
"Damnit, Rusty! Will you cut that out?" Danish hollered, causing the Security Guards to eye all three of them this time.
Betty headed over towards them with her most winning smile, which was a million kilowatt knock out blast. Both men immediately forgot their duty and tuned into this gorgeous woman approaching them. "Hey guys! Anyone got the time?"
Both Security Guards scrambled to dig their wristwatches out from beneath their sleeves as Rusty and Danish watched with amused looks. Betty winked back at them and nodded as the Security Guards both said the time at the same moment.
Danish turned back to Rusty. "Any sign of that creepy guy?" 
"Which one?" Rusty asked. "The one in the college tweeds or the one with the ghost head?"
"Hey!" Danish complained. "I'm a good guy."
Rusty poked him hard in the chest. "That...remains to be seen, Mister!"
Danish grinned and she grinned back.
Rusty eyed the clock over the ticket counter. "Where's everybody else?"
"I'm guessing they got caught in traffic. There was a political rally downtown for the environment at eight. Something about the global warming that's been increasing over the last several years."
Rusty gave Danish a concerned look. "It worries you, doesn't it?"
Danish sighed, a sense of weariness settling in. "I've been fighting to get those jerks in Washington to belly up to the truth for over a decade now. I'm afraid Big Money has a bigger reach than me and those like me. Money speaks louder than truth."
"You don't really believe that, do you?" Rusty asked, a bit worried.
"Sometimes I don't know what I believe. Look, it's all great to think you've got all the bases covered. I'm sure the Big Hats in Washington and Wall Street think they've got all their ducks in a row. But somehow they've missed the fact that ducks need water to swim on, and food to eat, both of which are going to be getting more and more scarce in the next decade, as fertile lands dry up, coastlines move inwards, harsher winters and summers prevail. America's in for a big wake up call, as are most of the emerging world marketplaces."
Rusty nodded. She'd heard it all before. She'd just never let it weigh her down for some reason. Almost as if she was in on something bigger, that would change all the things that Danish was worried about. But for the life of her, at that moment, she couldn't figure out what.
Betty returned with each of the Security Guards on one arm. "Hey, Professor Pretty Face, I'd like you to meet our great security guys."
Danish turned to look as the two embarrassed, but smiling guards walked up. 
"This gorgeous hunk on my right arm is Beauford Richards. He's from Alabama. I just love that place."
"You're too kind, Missus Betty." Beauford protested.
"And this burning hunk of animal on my left arm is Keith O'Brien, recently of Ireland, who moved here to take care of his Aunt and Mother, who's been a bit under the weather lately."
Keith touched his hat. "Pleased to meet you."
Betty disengaged herself and then pointed to Rusty. "And this hot scamp next to Mister Potato Head is a number that most men would kill for had they the chance. My little sister, Rusty."
Both Security Guards offered a hand at the same time. Rusty and Betty laughed, but kindly and moved off with the two guards, leaving mystified Danish behind them.
"Ahh, the delights of the opposite sex." The Director said from the side.
Danish didn't turn. "Isn't that the truth? Your ride okay?
"If you're asking if the Ghost Man was anywhere close. I can't say for sure, only that the traffic was horrible. I sure hope that all those crowds finally get through to those political parties and they come out of their politics and into a bit more helpfulness."
Danish turned to eye the Director closely. "You never seemed the political type."
"Running a museum makes you a master of politics, I'm afraid."
"So, now what?" Danish asked.
"That depends on a lot doesn't it?"
Danish nodded his head, his eyes surveying the crowd of passengers that surged forward when the ticket booth begin announcing the arrival of their plane.
As he scanned the faces he noted an especially tall person standing towards the far left. "Excuse me, Director, I've got to go wee before we board."
The Director nodded his head, but reached into a pocket, as if searching for something.
Danish wove his way through the crowds. As he did he tapped something against the inside of his tie. It made a metallic sound. As he did so the Security Guards talking to Betty and Rusty casually began moving right and left towards the rear of the terminal area. Several more Security Guards begin moving from other ticket counters. 
Several men in dark suits got up from a passenger waiting area and casually strolled towards the ticket area. The same thing happened from the other end of the terminal area.
Danish excused himself as he moved forward, his eyes never leaving the tall figure in the back, but moving not directly towards him, but at an angle.
As he got closer the tall person seemed to become aware of Danish being too close, and the Director moving in from the opposite side. Then he noticed the two Security Guards closing in with hands on pistols. He turned to back out, but then saw the two men on the right approaching and the two men on the left. The tall person paused for a second, and then let out a high pitched scream that caused everyone within ten yards to clap hands over their ears.
Everyone nearing the tall person fell to the floor as the tall person continued to scream, its voice tearing at their eardrums. People began falling right and left.
Only the Director remained on his feet. He stopped before the screaming person and slowly withdraws something metallic from his pocket. "I believe you lost this."
The tall person stopped screaming as the Director stabbed the object into its heart. The tall person lit up like a Christmas tree for a moment, as if it were not human, but some kind of electronic device. It made strange, garbled sounds, then sputtered and smoked.
The Director smashed the metallic object harder into the tall person's chest and its face came up to look him straight in the eyes. "There will be a reckoning."
"Yes. I know." The Director said, and then smashed the device again. 
The tall person shrieked even more horribly than before, and exploded into a thousand sparkling bundles of light that spread out quickly and evaporated in the air.
People began to rise to their feet and knees, numbed by the event. Medical teams came rushing in, followed by men in Hazmat Suits. The whole area was cordoned off efficiently and people herded into a quickly designed and lifted tent.
Other men in black suits rushed forward, guarding more men in Hazmat Suits who began sucking up the particles of the explosion with electronic devices that gave up humming sounds.
Danish rose slowly to his feet and stumbled over to the Director. "Is it over?"
The Director looked at Danish. "I pray to God it only was."
Without another word he turned on his heels and headed for the exit. There he was met by more men in Hazmat Suits. They swiftly ran electronic devices over him and several medical people rushed to him and led him away between them.
Danish rushed over to Betty and Rusty who were just sitting up, rubbing at their temples.
"Now this is one hangover I never earned." Betty complained. 
"What hit us, Danish?" Rusty asked.
Danish sat between them and they both leaned into him for support. 
"A very unhealthy dose of reality."
"Does this mean we're not going to Moronia?" Rusty asked.
"No. No, it doesn't." Danish replied, closing his eyes. "But it does mean we're all going to need a long, long rest after this. My head feels like a swarm of baby atom bombs blew up inside it."
Betty grinned at him. "Welcome to my world, Professor Pretty Face."
"Just call me Danish." Danish said with a roguish grin.
Rusty punched him on his shoulder. 
"Uh, on second thought. Why don't we just go home and get some sleep."
On Rusty's look. "Alone."
Chapter Four: The Truth Beckons To Those Who Are Strong
Rusty opened the office door and peeked inside. "Danish?"
It was empty. No coffee mug on the desk. No morning paper. Nothing. She frowned. Very unlike him, but...
She came inside, set down a Styrofoam cup of Starbucks coffee and a Danish. Raspberry. Her favorite. She scooted them close to the HP she had seated on her desk, and flipped on the monitor screen by pressing a black button on its right top. The computer made a humming sound, and came to life as it came out of hibernation mode. She had programmed it to wake up when she started the monitor.
She shrugged off her rain coat. It was still damp from the thick rain that had been falling on her way to work this morning. Good thing they hadn't flown last night. There were heavy storms over the flight path and it would have been a bumpy ride at best. She had never told Danish but airplane flights made her stomach tie into knots and she threw up over and over until she felt like a sponge squeezed to zero.
She sighed. Hung up her coat on the coat rack, kicked some paper under it to catch what water was dripping, then sat down at her desk. Her chair was a roller chair. She rolled it over to Danish's desk, checked for anything important, then rolled back to her own.
She flipped her hair back from her eyes. It was soaked from the rainfall. It had ruined the perm she had gotten the other day. Not that it made that much of a difference. Her hair was wild even under the best of conditions. She grinned to herself. Maybe that's why I'm so wild at times. Then she frowned. Not good. I'm pushing Danish away with that kind of thought and action. And that's the last thing she wanted to do. But Damnit, he pushed her too hard sometimes emotionally. And you could only hide your feelings so much and you wanted to explode.
She felt her hands balling into fists from frustration, and then consciously worked on relaxing them. As she did she thought about last night and the exploding man. How strange. The Director had said it was a construct. But who had made it? He never explained that. He said she would know soon enough. She shook her head. Why did men always assume they had the high ground and women had to be shielded from it? She blew out a grunt of frustration and got up, then grunted again. She was working herself up for nothing.
She sat down at her small desk, brought up the email and began sorting it out for his perusal later on. She was zipping through a number of wastes of time messages, and then stopped on one that said for your eyes only. 
"That's strange." She said, her eyebrows knitting together in thought. "Who would send this kind of message?"
She shrugged her shoulders, took a sip of her Starbucks she had sitting next to her computer and then opened the email.
"You haven't seen the last of me." The message said. 
Rusty gasped. It had a photo of her totem on it. 
Rusty shivered as if very intense northerly winds were blowing through the office and then her eyes rolled up in her head.
Chapter Five: A World OF Gods
Her name was Princess Ananka. She was the titular head of Atlantis. During its Golden Age women had been elevated to an almost god-like status and relegating the males to a more mundane status. A switch that had upset them greatly. The shoe was now on the other foot and it was up to her, the Princess, to prove that women could be better leaders than men, and that they wouldn't take them down the stormy path of war as the Elders of the Men Tribes had done in the past.
Atlantis was discovering sciences almost on a daily basis that had eluded their more ape-like ancestors. She was certain that it was all part of the Divine Plan that her mother had spoken to her of when she was a child and her mother was a Crystal Priestess.
The Crystal Sect had come to dominate religion in early Atlantis because of its almost magical like powers, but as Atlantis had matured and science had become more widely spread, the magic of yesterday became the science of today. Even so, the Elders of the Men Tribes could never divine how women such as her mother could quite literally walk through walls, and elevate stones with but a thought.
Their sect had helped the almost Neanderthal tribes of Egypt to build their Pyramids, knowing that one day the Elders of a far distant tribe would realize that the Egyptians had been gifted the Pyramids and not created them. Scientists and Religionists of the future would remain baffled for generation after generation until they could accept, once more, the breadth and depth of Inner Light Wisdom as it was taught in present day Atlantis.
Her mother had foreseen all of that and instructed the Women of her Sect what was to transpire in the last days of Atlantis, which were swiftly approaching. She did not speak of catastrophes of physical force, but of mental force, when men would once more strive against man, and usurp the powers of the Divinely led Sect for the more mundane and horrid tragedies of conquest and domination.
And just as foreseen, these were the last days. A portion of Atlantis had been destroyed in a brief war of domination. The Men of Power had used the dreaded Crystals built by her ancestors for healing and Light to use such force that they could rival the crude nuclear forces that outward nations strove to tame and use for weaponry. And it was at just such a time as one continent strove to gain control over Atlantis that the Great War of the Gods began.
Princess Nananka swore she would never use the Light as a power of evil. She would rather die. And so the last place she expected or thought betrayal could come from, was not the force of a weapon of the magically altered copper and iron, americalcum, but instead a soldier, a warrior of some renown who had vowed to win her heart or die in the effort.
Her Sect was pledged to celibacy, to remain aloof from the physical pleasures and the interconnection and binding of spirits that opened up the soul to lesser possessions and turmoil. She had sworn before her mother the pledge that all her sisters in Light had sworn. But to no avail.
It had all begun on a late evening during the Spire of the Gods Festival. All Atlanteans set aside a portion of their wealth for the poor nations that surrounded them. They took flight in their Crystal Orbs that were shaped like flying dishes and toured the Wounded Lands as they were called. All Atlanteans during the festival became envoys of the Light. It was a tradition and a force that had kept Atlantis in power and above the ever encroaching waters of the ocean as the poles gradually moved to warmer climes and new areas of cold began.
The coastal waters had already risen almost fifty feet in her lifetime, causing many of the neighboring islands of Atlantis to sink beneath the ocean, thus sparking rumors to the ancient darker men on the far continent of the sinking of Atlantis, which they were ignorant enough to call an island. She smiled at that thought, for Atlantis filled the length and breadth of two different oceans. It was called the Mother Continent for many reasons; one being that several other continents had split off it over the millennium of her existence.
Atlantis was old before the Indium were old, and they were ancient indeed by modern standards, inheriting much of the technology of Atlantis, but unfortunately falling into disgrace as their worship of the One Light fell into the worship of lesser deities, mortals who claimed the mantle of godhood, but were far from gods. 
She frowned as she gazed at the vast ocean she could see from the Temple of Light where she stood. Her shadow stood like a giant before her, cast by the intense healing light of the giant green crystal behind her. The crystal had been installed almost a thousand years ago by the founders of the sect. It cast healing energies upon those of Atlantis and abroad, expanding their health and vitality. It was not uncommon for even the weakest of souls in Atlantis to live hundreds of years and the strongest so many, many more.
One such man named Methuselah had built quite a name for himself as he gathered many wives over the centuries and migrated to ancient dry lands to the far south, where none dared to live because of the dreaded giants who lived there. Some even believed him to be favored by the Light.
Atlanteans were giants themselves, towering over the smaller tribes in the outer continents as much as two times, but the giants of the desert came from times when humanity had been cruder and more animal like. The Atlanteans could have eliminated the horrid bestial creatures a long time ago, but saw them as a barrier to the even more crude and rapacious tribes of the far east, who saw joy in the torture of innocents. Now those tribes Atlantis had repelled numerous times, but of late they had gathered the forces of nature itself, the atom, and threatened to launch flaming darts that carried weapons that could devastate even the gigantic continent of Atlantis.
All that was keeping that horrid tribe of peoples back was the Light of the temples of the sects who maintained a wall of light around Atlantis such that any of a lesser vibration would go mad and kill themselves if they strove to physically penetrate it. While the wall could keep out people, it could not keep out the massive earth rending weapons of the Far East. For that Atlantis had bred a special form of soldier.
Her mother had sworn to fight the genetic disruptions that had created these men, as she said it would bring about, eventually, the downfall of Atlantis.
Princess Nananka knew that to be true, for even now her thoughts felt them planning how to overturn the Sisters of the Light, destroy the sect, and take the virginal women for brides, and lustful objects of pride.
Her eyes took in the azure beauty of the coastal waters. Atlantis was called the Jewel Continent because of its crystal clear coastal waters, and because the Great Crystals that warded and guarded its borders were grown off the coast in special coves. Not now, but at certain times when the moon was dark, you could see the growing crystals casting their wondrous light into the night skies, creating a kind of fantastic lightshow across the heavens. Someday, people might even forget about the crystals and think it was mother nature, but it wouldn't be, it would be the remnants of a once proud nation fallen into darkness.
Princess Ananka shrugged her narrow shoulders, and pulled her white gown tighter over her bodice. In these modern times she would be considered the epitome of beauty, a modern Venus, but in those days the Atlantean women were tall, lithe and incredibly beautiful. It was a reflection of their inner beauty. Even the men were beautiful. Children were even more so, because they did not get born in the crude manner of the outlanders, but more naturally as a spontaneous and loving combination of energies between a male and female. 
Even though sex was acknowledged as a powerful force, in Atlantis it was at best a secondary power, as the majority of its people didn't physically embrace each other to have children, but instead shared their energies in an embrace of light that split off a portion of each of them and formed into the shape of a baby, which then both the father and mother would nurture. 
Another special aspect of the Atlanteans was that parents did not own their children, nor claim them as their own, but rather saw themselves as the guardians of the youth, and so it was not uncommon to see a non-parent as intimately involved in a children's upbringing as the natural parent. Atlanteans, because of the Sisters of Light, had forged a spiritual bond of love between each other which was so powerful, that sex was seen as something only the animals and lower outlanders engaged in.
The saddest part of that reality was that it was now disintegrating as the Dark Ones, those men who felt the need to amass power and control, and those they had seduced to their beliefs, the Fallen Ones...women who no longer shared the Light...those Dark Ones were gradually unraveling all the good that the Sisters of Light had begotten on Atlantis.
Princess Nananka's mother had foreseen all of this over three hundred years ago, and warned the citizens, but none believed her, because the little steps of the Dark Ones that were unfolding worked on their intellects, seducing them into believing first one lie then another. The union between spirit and body was being broken asunder, rendering humanity blind to the Higher Truths of Goodness, Kindness, Generosity and Love for all life.
"Your guest is here, Princess." Her Second announced. She turned to face the Second. A friend for over a hundred years, she was an older woman, some gray beginning to edge her bronze hair, and tint her bright blue eyes. 
Princess Ananka spread her arms out and the Second came into them. "You know what I must do."
"I do. I still protest it, but I know it is for the good of all ultimately. I trust your judgment. If the Sky Gods were still here, they would approve, even if somewhat sadly, as myself."
"I know." The Princess sighed, letting go of her Second. "Dear Deirdre, you are the Light of my life, and I pray that in all our coming generations of lives, that you and I will remain close until that great day comes when we will ascend in the chariots of Light to become One with the All Light."
The Second lowered her eyes. "May it be as you speak."
She looked up with a smile. "And please, remember, he is only a male."
They both laughed at that, as neither had ever been with a male on any level, except political.
"I hope that laughter is with me and not against." Came a strong male voice from behind them.
Caught by surprise, both women turned to look at the tall, well muscled male who stood behind them. He looked like a god, and had all the trappings of one. 
Princess Ananka gasped. He had an aura that was dazzling like the blue coastal waters, striped with bands of compassionate red. 
The Second, seeing the look on the face of the Princess, grinned a moment, then exited, passing through a scintillating curtain of radiant energies that sealed off the balcony of the Princess.
The male stepped closer to the Princess. "You are even more beautiful than I had heard or imagined."
He did something none of the new males did anymore. He fell to one knee and bowed his head towards her. "I honor not only your outer beauty, which is substantial, but the radiant gold of your aura and your true Inner Beauty that the One Light has created. My name is Hercules."
He looked up and the Princess could see another tall man standing before her, wearing a strange garb and cap, etched against a proud ship like those of the outlanders, with a striking mustache and rich brown eyes that went deeply into one's soul.
She fainted.
Hercules rushed forward and swept her up into his arms as easily as one might catch a pillow to play with. As her eyes opened in his arms she saw a swirling, merging mass of radiant Light playing about his face and form. "You are the One." She said.
"You know." He replied, a grin growing on his face. "I get that often."
Chapter Six: The Next Step Of The Journey
Rusty woke up with her pillow clutched against her chest, her heart pounding so hard she feared it was going to break. "You're the One." She whispered.
"You know." Danish replied with a mischievous smile. "I've been getting that a lot lately." Danish chided her, as he stepped into the bedroom with a tray filled with small sandwiches and steaming coffee. He gave her a half bow and set the tray down in her lap. "Time to fill your stomach, as well as your soul, My Princess."
Rusty looked into his eyes and knew at that moment that she was about to Escape to an Adventure unlike any other she had ever taken, as she accepted the offering of the only man she had ever loved lifetime after lifetime.
THE END
Coming Soon: The Island of the Gods
In Volume One Rusty and Danish have finally come to a realization about their relationship together. They've also defeated an enemy from the past, the Ghost Man, an enigmatic creature devoid of human feelings.
But in Volume Two now that they've defeated two major challenges, they face a new one, the secret of Moronia. Faced with a reborn Ghost Man, who is more determined than ever to stop them, they and their companions seek the fabled island of Moronia and the secret of the Sky Ones. 
Their latest challenge will bring Rusty face to face with Cleopatra, Hercules, Julius Caesar and Marc Anthony as well as a host of other scary events that will test her willpower and courage more than ever. 
Will Danish and her friends be up to the Island of the Gods and the possibility that this time their adventure might end in disaster?
Further Works by John Pirillo
Novels (Young Adult)
Perihelion (All episodes of this Serial Novel)
Escape to Adventure, The Dreamers Awaken
Escape to Adventure, The Island of the God
Escape to Adventure, Gods of Air, Gods of Earth
Escape to Adventure Combo
War of the Worlds, The Forever Friends
War of the Worlds, The Nest
War of the Worlds, Earth, God of Destruction
War of the Worlds Combo
Serial Novels (Young Adult)
The Baker Street Adventures
A Strange Thing on a Strange Day
Hyde
The Land Beyond the Beyond
A Matter of Grave Perception
The Jungle Lord
The Power of One, the Power of Nine
"The Death of Conan," A Baker Street Snippet One
Cartoon
Episode One: Shades of Gray, the Portal is Opening
Episode Two: Ahoy Matey, Fire in the Hole
Episode Three: The Princess of the World
Episode Four: For Whom the Bell Tolls
Episode Five: Hell's Kitchen, the Love Triangle
To Hell and Back
Episode One: The Demon Lord
Episode Two: Death Comes in Seven Flavors
Perihelion
Episode One: The Convolution
Episode Two: The Plummet of Death
Episode Three: A World Gone Mad
Episode Four: Revenge of the Interlopers
Episode Five: Death in the Trees
Episode Six: On the Edge of the Abyss
Lord When's Time Folds
Lord When's First Adventure, The Lost Child
Lord When's Second Adventure, Friendship
Time Swirl, A Binky Adventure
Journey into the Unknown
The Moon Princess, A Clifford Snow Adventure
Samuel Light, Spiritual Detective
The Shasta Capers, "Dead Men Don't Talk. They Die again."
Children's Serial Novels
Mister Wiggleberry and the Wishing Tower
Episode One, A Fine Adventure
Episode Two, The Snack Before The Adventure
The Adventures of the Wally Wally Maru
A Christmas Vacation
Children's Picture Books
The Adventures of Mister Po and Elfmush
The Starry, Starry Skies
Acknowledgements
I'd like to thank all the wonderful people in my life who have made this journey an adventure and an exploration of the heart, mind, soul and body.
To all those who aspire to greatness I say keep on trucking, the road is a long one at times, but like the little train that thought it could, we all can with patience.
To all the great writers upon whose wonderful words, fantasies and characters I ride.
To Bernice and Allan without whom my world might be a different one today. And to my dearest daughter, Faith, whose own journey has been quite extraordinary. And to my dearest friend, Shirley, who I have practiced many a skill with, but never found her lacking.
To the planet without which I would have no home, and to all those brave enough and wise enough to want to preserve it for future generations.
To all my friends who have already crossed into the Light.
To all the new friends I hope to make before my adventure on Earth ends and I began my new one in the Light.
Author
John Pirillo is a prolific writer born in the coal country of Pennsylvania to a coal miner, a baker and later on engineer in the aerospace industry.
John learned to use his imagination early on in his childhood when he discovered an oil well in the back runoff of his uncle's gutter. Undeterred by the kindly corrections of his father and uncle, he went on to become a confirmed adventurer, exploring the backwoods where evil fishies, froggies and butterflies dwelled, as well as beneath creaky old train track bridges.
He and his brother discovered many kinds of exotic creatures in their often-times daily excursions, which had their parents known of, they would have immediately called for help. For themselves because they would have had heart attacks!
They discovered pop-bottles, craw-fish, tadpoles, bullfrogs, daddy long legs, scorpions (sometimes the hard way), black widows, strange cats and dogs (some wagging tails and some not), as well as stars that mysteriously danced around in the skies.
John spent his teen years high up in the mountains of Placerville dreaming about flying to the stars, being able to leap tall buildings in a single bound, joining up with G.I.JOE Joe and later on when he went to college, becoming Puck in a Shakespeare play, which didn't happen, but the poison of acting was in his system and couldn't be denied.
Despite his rascally adventures, John actually managed to survive the hippy days intact (but quite a bit wiser), sit at the foot of the Maharishi, explore the Himalayas, visit the Ganges, the Eiffel Tower, Hong Kong and all kinds of exotic places, which left indelible marks on his consciousness.
So much so that he decided, after becoming unemployed for being honest when selling cars, that he would become an animator like the late Walt Disney and make his own cartoons for children to explore and enjoy. Animation was always his first love and remains one of his greatest passions, especially for children.
A fast fan of the old movie serials and popcorn movies, John strives to incorporate the best of the old and new in his stories, trying to reach the impossible dream and make the perfect story, while at the same time having a grand old time figuring out ways to tell the same things differently, and different things simply.
For more about me, free stories, colorful illustrations, and other cool stuff go to ImagineNation, Golden Realm Children's Stories, or Golden Realm Stories. 
