Warlocks & Broomsticks
By Kira Stroud
 
©2014 Kira Stroud
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author

Prologue

The Journalist

Someone knocked on the door, and the journalist looked up to see a beautiful woman stood in his doorway, and he smiled and told her to come in. She was in her mid thirties but she looked as if she had seen a lot in her life – her eyes were haunted, and she stood as if she had a weight on her shoulders. He stood and extended his hand. She shook it with force, and he noticed slight scarring on her face, but he didn’t mention it. 
“Sit down, please, Ms…?” he said. 
“Ms Smith. That is all you will know me by now. It will become apparent who I am as the story progresses.”
He leaned forward, intrigued. “Ah, the story. I was only told that it is something that will change the world forever. Care to elaborate?”
The woman smiled and opened her bag, pulling out an old leather-bound journal with pages sticking out at odd angles. “I will tell you the story. It is all written in here. I helped some others compile their lives into this one book, and it is basically the story I am about to tell; only more detailed. You may read it after. Sir, would you like to turn your recorder on? I would like to start.”
He nodded and pressed the button, saying, “Please begin.”
“This is the story an old school friend entitled Warlocks and Broomsticks. It starts with a boy called Matt…”


Part One
Chapter One
Matt

This sucks. 
Silly finger-painted pictures were stuck to the wall, the vibrant colours assaulting my vision. I could faintly hear the muffled sounds of a TV in another room down the corridor, where I was sure a parent was trying to keep it together while a child was oblivious to the world around them, not understanding what the thing inside them was that was making them so ill. 
Muted footsteps drifted down the corridor as two nurses walked by, laughing with each other as if they didn’t have a care in the world. 
I couldn’t understand how these people could act so…blasé. This was a children’s cancer ward, for Pete’s sake. Little kids were dying here, and they were laughing. 
“Matthew, how are you holding up?” 
What did Dr Allen except me to say? Oh, I’m great, fantastic!
He had told me I had terminal cancer only a few days ago, and he was asking me how I was. He probably didn’t even want to know how I was – he just had to ask or he’d seem unsympathetic, uncaring. 
“I’m fine.” That was the answer he wanted, I could tell. If I had said that I was falling apart then he would have to spend more time with me, have to look through the options again and again. I knew the options, and I didn’t want to take any of them. I looked away from him and stared at a painting of a giraffe, or at least I thought it was a giraffe. It had been painted by a little kid on this ward. They were probably gone now, weren’t they? 
Well, I guess I would be joining them pretty soon, and then my dad would have to mourn me as well as my mother and Claire. It had been thirteen years but he still missed them as much as he did the day after the accident. I guess it’s easier for me and Kayla, since we were only three at the time; we don’t really have much to remember about them apart from the photos. But they would be gone soon, with Ursula ruling the house. 
“Good lad.” He patted my knee and left the room, probably to go and ask more stupid questions to some poor, unsuspecting souls. 
I continued staring at the pictures, unable to comprehend that I would be dead in a few short months. Or even weeks. 
I could understand now why people shouldn’t know when they’re going to die. It would destroy them. The world would be chaotic, and people would go crazy counting down the days until they kicked the bucket. 
Bucket…
The nurse down the hall had suggested I should make a Bucket List. I said I’d consider, but what she said confirmed my suspicions:
There was no hope for me. All the doctors knew it, but they were reluctant to tell me. Maybe they thought I’d crack – they thought I couldn’t handle it. I was at peace with it now, I guess. 
I couldn’t spend the rest of my tragically short life dwelling on the fact I only had a few more months to live. I had things to do, people to see. I should die with a clean conscious. 
Maybe I should go back to Mr Fulham’s shop and pay him that pound I owed him when I was dared to steal a pack of gum. Yeah, I’m gonna do that. 
“Hi, Matthew,” Josephine said, messing around with some of the beeping machines. She was a skinny woman with a gaunt face, but her eyes were kind. She was always nice to me. The sleeve of her shirt crept up and I saw the dark purple splotch of bruises covering her arm. 
I winced and decided to have a word with her husband before I was gone. Either he started treating her right or him and I will have to have a little chat. Even if he kills me who cares? I’m dying anyway, right? I just didn’t want to die knowing that this kind nurse would have to continue with the abuse. 
“Hey, Jo.” I pushed myself up, and she plumped up my pillow. She glanced at me, a knowing look on her face. 
“You want another pillow?” Josephine was very intuitive. She knew what I needed even before I knew it. It was a strange skill. 
“Thanks,” I said, leaning back on the one cushion. 
She smiled and left the room to retrieve another pillow. If I was dying I should die comfortable, right? 
I picked up the old paperback Ursula had brought me. It was some crime/thriller that was about a murder at this old mansion. It was very cliché, so I didn’t even bother to read it. I put my sheet of paper over it so it acted as a kind of mini-table.
Bucket list. I scrawled at the top, and then I chewed my pencil, thinking about what I should do with my life. I already wrote down Mr Fulham and Josephine, but I needed more than just that. 
Get a girlfriend. 
Why the hell had I written that? I didn’t need a girlfriend; I was dying, for God’s sake. Besides, I hadn’t had a girlfriend since Michelle, and she was in love with someone else even then. 
I stared out of the window, trying to think about things, like climbing Everest or seeing a panda or something. My hand was moving across the sheet in a rapid pace, but I barely noticed. I was too busy thinking, I guess. 
When I shook myself out of my thoughts, I finally realised I had been writing. I had just figured I had been scribbling, like I usually do, but this was different. 
This time there were words. It was a repeated sentence, over and over again:
she’s coming she’s coming she’s coming she’s coming she’s coming she’s coming she’s coming… 
Chapter Two
Alice

This sucks. 
I packed up my remaining things in the cardboard boxes. Everything was gone except for my little knickknacks, and I didn’t particularly want to keep them at all. 
I stared out of the window, angry at my father for making us move again. He promised us he wouldn’t move again, but here we were, packing things for the next house miles away. 
He said that he had gotten us enrolled into a good school, but that just meant that he didn’t think anyone had been murdered there. My father knew that the side of a murder leaked bad energy for us. We could sense it, and in the most brutal cases we could live it every time we walked over the same spot. 
Sammy padded into the room, leaving a trail of long black hairs behind him. He walked over to me and brushed his head against my leg, trying to get my attention. I ran my hand down his sleek body and he purred even louder. Sammy was such a cliché with his black hair, but I loved him. 
Scooping him up in my arms I carried him across the room to the window seat. I sat down and let him go. Sammy rubbed his head against me and settled in my lap. 
The moving vans were parked outside, loading all of our possessions in them. Silent tears trickled down my face. I didn’t want to leave. I had actually started making friends here, and now everything was being cruelly yanked away from me and I would have to start all over again. Everything I had worked for was gone in the blink of an eye, and I would never get it back again. 
“Honey, it’s time to go!” my mother called up the stairs. I groaned and lifted Sammy up again. 
He protested when I carried him downstairs, but he wouldn’t jump out of my arms. Sammy was my Familiar, and he would stand by my side for many years to come. 
“Get in the car, Alice.” My mother looked stressed, but that’s what happened every time we moved. My mother was one of those people who liked to be organised, and when she kept moving around it made it hard for her to keep track of things. To top it all off she had four children to look after and one orphaned niece. Things could be pretty hectic, especially now most of us had come into our full powers. 
I went outside and made sure Sammy relieved himself. My dad would throw a fit if he peed in the car. The rest of my family were all ready to go, and I was the last one left. 
I turned and waved goodbye to the house, picked Sammy up, and got into the car. We were just now embarking on the journey that would change my life forever.

We arrived a little after nightfall. Our new house loomed over me, with gnarled trees surrounding it like demented guards. How very apt, I thought, running my hand across Sammy.
Francis helped his girlfriend, Holly, out of the car. My mum didn’t know yet, and I found it hard not to say anything in front of her. 
Holly and Francis were expecting a kid, and the only people who didn’t know were my parents. We didn’t tell them because either they would flip out (they had too much to deal with as it is) or they would bombard them with little baby things and my mother would start knitting again. I couldn’t decide which outcome was worse. 
My father held the key to the new house out proudly. I wanted to tell him to stop dawdling and unlock the damned door because my fingers were going to drop off, but my teeth were chattering so much I couldn’t get the words out.  
He finally pushed the key into the lock and it opened with a click. I pushed past him and barrelled inside. 
It was freezing, so I hugged Sammy close to my chest, hoping his body heat would warm me. It didn’t. 
“There are enough bedrooms for everyone, and even a spare one.” My father walked into the wide corridor, looking very proud of himself for buying this cold as death house. “Obviously, I have the master bedroom, and Holly and Francis have the second biggest. The rest of you have to fight over the remaining rooms.” 
I raced up the stairs, letting Sammy go so he could run ahead of me. He would know which room I liked the best, and if Sammy was in that room no one else would stake a claim on it. 
Sally knocked into me and sped past, laughing as she did so. I growled and chased after her. She squealed and ran into a room, slamming the door behind her. 
I banged my fist on the now closed door but she wasn’t going to open it anytime soon. The long corridor spread out in front of me, and I walked down it, peering into each room. 
There was one door left, right at the end of the corridor. I pushed it open to find Sammy sitting on the bed, his tail swishing from side to side. 
The room wasn’t as big as the others, but I knew if Sammy had chosen this room then it had to be mine. He purred and jumped off the plush king-sized bed and wandered over to the window seat. 
“Oh, a window seat!” I said, sitting on it and drawing my knees up to my chest. “You know me so well, Sammy.” 
He stared out of the window, his ears standing to attention. I looked out too and realised I could see into the neighbour’s house from here. There was a window directly opposite mine, and it looked like a bedroom too. 
I closed my curtains, not wanting whoever lives there to peer in at me. I pulled the ball of wool I stole from my mother out of my pocket and threw it on the floor. 
Sammy didn’t jump at it like I thought he would, he only stared. 
“What’s wrong…?” I froze, staring at the wool. The wool had fallen and twisted to create a simple, repeated message in its bends. 
he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming…


Chapter Three
Matt

Dan sat next to me, staring at the TV and munching on his crisps. He was getting them all over the floor, which I knew would make the nurses have a fit.  
He barely paid attention to me; he was more interested in the TV. His mum didn’t own a TV because she believed it was witchcraft or something just as unbelievable. 
Dan usually came around to my house to watch TV, but now that I was in the hospital he just watched his TV here, where you had to pay every time you used it…
“You’re paying for that,” I told him, messing around with the bed buttons. 
“What?” Dan dropped his crisp packet onto the floor. “You have to pay for this thing?”
“Yes, and you’re paying.” My back was slowly being raised higher and higher. “Ursula already put a fiver in it but the time’s almost up. You owe me.”
“I don’t owe you anything.” Dan leaned back and the plastic chair groaned. He made himself comfortable again and picked up the packet. 
I opened the notebook on my lap. It was old and spiral bound, and it really didn’t have anything of interest in it. When I flipped it open the little piece of paper fluttered out.
“Dude, what’s that?” Dan asked around a mouthful of crisps. I snatched it and shoved it in my pocket. It was that strange message I had written a day ago, and it was safe to say I didn’t want anyone else finding out about it. 
“Nothing.” I stuffed the notebook in my backpack and leaned back again. Dan looked confused for a minute, but then he just shrugged it off and returned to his TV show. 
“I’m going to get a coffee. I’ll be back in a minute.” Before Dan could say anything, I was out of the door. I padded across the shiny floor, my socked feet slipping and sliding all over the place.  
I waved to the nurse at the desk and shuffled past her. She smiled at me and buzzed the door open. The paediatric wing had automatically locking doors, so a nurse had to buzz you in or out. I didn’t know why this was, maybe to scare away paedophiles. That probably wasn’t it.
Doctors and nurses stood outside the little shop, sipping coffees and sharing notes on things. I glided past them and into the shop. 
Relatives and friends of people in the hospital were queuing to buy magazines and gifts for the sick people. I waited in line for the coffee machine, looking around at the shelves of items as I did so. 
The merchandise ranged from little mittens for babies to dirty magazines. The woman in front of me was taking ages deciding what flavour cappuccino she wanted, and I really was getting impatient. I know I’m only sixteen, but I needed my caffeine. 
Finally, she was finished. I put my coins into the machine and grabbed a cardboard cup. Putting it under the little pump thing, I pressed the buttons to make the coffee come spitting out of it. 
When it was done I mixed the sugar in it and queued to pay for puzzle book I thought might battle the boredom. The cashier twirled a lock of her hair around her finger as she scanned the puzzle book. 
“Have a nice day,” she said as I left the shop. I sipped my coffee while flipping through the pages of the puzzle book. I suddenly realised that these puzzles were maybe a little too hard for me. 
And then BAM! 
My coffee crashed to the floor and the girl I’d walked into jumped back. She gave a little startled yelp and I asked her if she was okay. 
“I’m fine; you just startled me, is all.” She actually looked up at me now, and when she did my breath caught in my throat. 
The girl stared at me with eyes a deep violet so beautiful I couldn’t believe they were real. Her long dark brown curls tumbled down her back, and her lips were a dazzling ruby red, parted slightly in an O shape. 
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” I said, feeling the coffee soak into my socks. 
“It’s okay. I wasn’t looking where I was going.” She picked up my fallen puzzle book, which was now a soppy mess thanks to the coffee. 
“Thanks.” I took it from her and dumped it in the bin. “I’m Matt. Matt Miller.”
“Alice Connor.” She shook my hand and a sizzle of energy passed between us. I’m not kidding, it’s like an electric shock had passed through us. 
Her mouth formed another perfect O. She yanked her hand away from mine, shock oozing from her every pore. 
“There you are, Alice!” A girl with blonde hair breezed over to us, taking Alice’s pale hand. The girl looked at me with the brightest blue eyes I’ve ever seen and then looked at the floor. “We’ll clean this up, Matthew.”
I staggered back from her, just stopping myself from falling by grabbing onto the wall for support.
How did she know my name? 
The Blue-Eyed girl was just standing over the mess of coffee, talking quietly to Alice. 
She then just raised one delicate hand and snapped her fingers. Wind whipped my hair, and a strange metallic taste spread through my mouth. I stared in wonder as the coffee just disappeared.
I felt along the wall and stumbled around a corner. Slipping to the floor, I clenched and unclenched my hands in my lap. Tears trickled down my face, but I didn’t know why I would be crying. 
I rubbed my eyes and stared at the far wall. The world carried on around me, and for the second time in only a few days, I knew my life would be forever altered.


Chapter Four
Alice


Holly led me away from the hospital, and I kept opening and closing my mouth, making disgusted faces and sounds to accompany it. The metallic taste stayed with me all of the way home, reminding me of the boy with the beautiful blue eyes. 
“I know you hate that taste, but you’ll get used to it,” Holly said, dumping her handbag on the kitchen island. She sat on the little bar stool and slid a carton of orange juice at me.
I drank straight from the carton, grimacing at the combined taste of the spell and the orange juice. Holly took some prenatal vitamins, careful to check for my mother before she did so. 
“That boy,” I said, sitting down next to her. “Did you find anything strange about him?”
“There was a…disturbance in him,” she finally said, choosing her words carefully. “But I guess that’s why he’s in the hospital.”
“Yeah, but I swear there was something more…” I shook my head. “You’re probably right, Holly.”
“Damn right I am.” She stood and strutted out of the room, leaving me alone with my thoughts of Matt. 
I wondered if he was one of us. That would explain why we had that connection earlier. But he seemed genuinely surprised by the spark, and most mature warlocks know how to detect witches. Matt really was just a mystery. 
“Is everything all right?” Francis asked, bending down to scratch his dog, Basky, behind the ear. Basky had been his Familiar since Francis was nine, and they had been together ever since. Basky was short for Baskerville, as Francis has named his little dog after the Hound of the Baskervilles Sherlock Holmes story. 
“Ask your girlfriend yourself,” I said as Sammy padded into the room. He purred like an engine when he saw me. 
“I wasn’t talking about the baby.” He sat down and stared right at me with his slate grey eyes. “I’m worried about you, sis. You’ve been giving off weird vibes ever since you got back. Everyone’s noticed – even Basky.” 
I picked Sammy up and clutched him close to my body. I stroked him and tried to not be nervous. It’s not like I have anything to hide, right? 
“It’s nothing.” Fur came off Sammy under my fingertips, and he sneezed in my face. Thank you, Sammy, I really do appreciate it. “I just met this boy and it’s all weird.”
“Ah, boy troubles.” Francis shifted uncomfortably in his seat, obviously thinking this conversation was bound to turn into the most awkward thing in the world. “How about we do some spells to get your mind off the boy, then?”
“That just means you want me to learn more.” I jumped off the stool, and Sammy meowed at me. I tickled his nose and plopped him down on the countertop. 
“You have to learn if you’re ever going to turn into a mature witch,” Francis said, digging around in the cupboards Mum kept her spell books in. “Your powers have more chance of Manifesting if you learn more about magic.”
I glared at him, crossing my arms over my chest. “That’s a load of rubbish and you know it, Francis. Your powers manifest when they’re ready, not when you learn how to cast a love charm.” 
“It could help though…” He blew the dust off an old, leather bound book and laid it on the countertop. Flipping through the brittle, yellowing pages, Francis finally found a spell he thought was in my almost non-existent power range. 
“How ‘bout this?” I leaned over to examine the page. 
“Francis, this spell is called One True Love,” I said. “It sounds rubbish.”
“I know, but it’s in your power range. I’ll do it first.” He grabbed a sheet of paper and laid it out. “Pass me the knife.”
I handed him the scary-looking butcher knife. He gritted his teeth and slashed his palm. Blood trickled onto the paper and he pressed a paper towel to the wound. 
“Holly’s gonna kill me if her name isn’t on this.” He read the instructions and closed his eyes, concentrating. When he was fully prepared, Francis looked at me. “When you do this, it’ll just pluck a name out of your mind, someone who you are attracted to, and writes it in blood. It’s really nothing special, so don’t freak out about whatever name it says.” He looked down at the instructions. “Alice, this says I’ve gotta call the elements. You know how to do that, right?” He knew I did. 
Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

Francis read over the spell again and nodded his head once. He was ready to perform the cast.  
I seek the name
Of my true love
And with this I will not maim
I will be delicate as a dove
So please give to me
The name of my love to be

I burst out laughing as the blood shifted and moved across the paper. The metallic taste engulfed my mouth and I immediately shut up. The blood shifted and formed letters of a name. 
Holly Blackwell 
Francis let out a sigh of relief and he handed me the knife. “There, you know what to do.” He laid a new sheet of paper on the counter top and stepped back to let me do all of the work. 
I slashed my palm and let the blood flow. It splattered onto the paper and I called the elements. 
Wind whipped my hair across my face, and I gasped as the elements surrounded me. I spoke the age old cast and watched in fascination as the blood formed the letters of a name. 
When the letters were finally complete I couldn’t believe it. The knife slipped from my grip and clattered to the floor. 
Matthew Miller
The boy from the hospital. 	

Chapter Five

Matt

Sun streamed through the crack in the curtain, and I just groaned and rolled over, blocking my eyes from the sunlight.
“Wake up, Mattie.” A cushion flew at me and with reflexes I didn’t know I had my hand shot up and the cushion just…stopped. It hung in the air for a few seconds and flopped onto the bed. 
“My aim must be off.” I glared at Harvey, my beyond stupid step-brother. He looked slightly confused, as always.
“Or I could be developing mystical powers as well as a tumour!” I waved my hands at him spookily and got out of bed. 
“If anyone in this family was going to develop powers, it would be me. I’m more in contact with the paranormal than any of you.” I just stared at him. He was dressed all in black with his black-dyed hair swept across his face stupidly. He was sixteen, the same age as me, but he was way more immature. 
“If being Goth makes you more prone to develop powers then yes, it would be you to develop them.”
I padded into the bathroom and turned the shower on. When I stepped under spray my shoulders immediately relaxed. 
When I stepped out again, a thick layer of steam covered the mirror. I wiped it with the towel and dried myself. 
I got dressed and went back into the bedroom. Harvey was sat on my bed, staring out of the window. My bed was pressed right next to the window, so I could stare out of it when I couldn’t sleep at night. 
“What are you doing?” I questioned, sitting down next to him.
“I can see into the bedroom of the girl next door!” he said excitedly. 
“Um.” I had to look, didn’t I? I stared out of the window and saw the most stunning girl in the world sat on a window seat with her cat. 
Her eyes locked with mine, and both our mouths fell open. She pointed at me and mouthed “You!” 
I pressed my hand to the window, my mouth hanging open stupidly. The girl from the hospital pointed down and mouthed “Five minutes!” 
I nodded dumbly. Pulling my trainers on, I wondered what the hell I was doing. This was just a random girl – I could have bumped into anyone at the hospital, but it just had to be her. It was Fate, but I just couldn’t understand why. 
I pulled my hoodie on over my head, so it covered my plaster covered arms. Loads of needles had been poked into my skin over the past few weeks, so my arms were basically a bruised and swollen mess, and some of the newer needle marks oozed with blood. 
Bounding down the stairs, I passed the living room and opened the front door. A gust of cold wind whipped my hair about, and I hugged myself as I stepped off the front step. 
Alice was stood next to her house, leaning against the rough bricks. She smiled when I approached, and her dark hair flew around wildly in the wind. 
“Hi.” I leaned against the wall, crossing my arms and trying to look cool. 
As you can see, I have a real way with the ladies. 
“Hey.” She fidgeted with the long sleeves of her shirt, looking very nervous. 
Jesus, how did I respond to another greeting? Keep it cool, calm and collected, Matt. “I didn’t know you lived near me.” 
Thank you, brain! 
“You don’t know me well.” Alice smiled at me, kicking at the gravel at her feet.
“Then maybe we should get to know each other better.” 
Smooth, real smooth. 
“I’d like that.” She smiled again, tucking the loose strands of her hair behind her ears. “Meet me here tonight at eight. Have something sorted.” 
I grinned at her like the moron I was. “I will. Thanks, Alice.”
“For what?” 
“For giving me a chance.” 

Ursula’s brow creased with worry when I rushed into the living room. I booted up the computer, grinning like a lovesick fool. 
“Are you feeling okay, Matthew?” Ursula asked, sitting up to look at me for closely. 
“I’m perfect,” I replied, opening up a search engine. “I’ve got a date.”
“Matthew.” Ursula looked at me straight in the face, concern written all over her features. “Does this girl know about you?”
“No,” I answered, searching for good restaurants in the area. “It’s just a date, Ursula. Nothing is gonna happen between us.” I regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth. I wanted something to happen, but it couldn’t, could it? I was dying, so it couldn’t go anywhere. 
“Don’t lead this girl along.” Ursula picked up her knitting, furiously plucking at it with her needles of death – she’s poked Kayla’s eye with one of those things once. She had to wear an eye patch for a month, and it was safe to say it was the funniest thing I’ve ever seen. 
“I’m not.” I found a perfect restaurant and booked a table online for half eight. 
Ursula shook her head at me and just knitted a blue scarf, at least I thought it was a scarf. 
“You need to tell her,” Ursula said quietly, never tearing her eyes away from her work. 
“If this goes anywhere, I will.” I shut down the computer and sat down heavily on the sofa. 
“Are you feeling okay?” 
“Just a little tired, is all,” I answered, shifting in my seat to get comfortable. 
“I’m so sorry, Matt,” she said, tucking her feet up under her. 
“It’s fine.” I looked right at her now. “But Ursula, when I’m gone I need you to look after Kayla. Dad’s hopeless with her medication, and she needs someone to sort it out other than herself.”
“I’m sure Kayla knows what she’s doing-” 
“But she’s forgetful, and you need to remind her to take it. That’s all I ask, Ursula, that’s it.” 
She nodded. “I’ll do it. You’re both too young to do it anyway.”
“Thank you,” I said, breathing out a sigh of relief.
“Now that’s sorted, don’t you need to get ready for your date?” 



Chapter Six
Alice

Adara threw the clothes onto the bed, and I just sat on the window seat, my legs curled underneath me. 
She muttered under her breath about what top went with which trousers, and I nodded along, like I knew what she was talking about. 
“What does this kid look like?” 
“Huh?” I looked up at her, startled that she had asked me a question. 
“What does he look like?” My twin sister sighed and held a purple top up. She said something about it matching my eyes and I had to agree. 
“Blonde hair and blue eyes, and he’s quiet tall. I think he’s about six foot something. He’s kinda pale, but he’s nice.” 
“Hmm, so you’ve picked a perfect Aryan boy?”
“Don’t compare him to the Nazis.”
“I was comparing your taste to that of the Nazis.” She laid a pair of my ripped black jeans onto the bed. “Where did you get these? The rips look so real.” 
“That’s because they are. I was practising a few minor spells and it just well, happened, I guess.”
“Don’t do spells in your good jeans.” Adara threw the jeans at me and I caught them in mid-flight. “But I guess you can wear them because he probably doesn’t know the difference between purposefully ripped jeans and just plain old ripped jeans.” 
I grinned and Adara threw the purple top at me. It was silky and was kind of like a really pretty, good feeling tank top. 
“Let’s do this then.” Adara dug around in her handbag and pulled out her wand. She flicked her wrist at me and my clothes immediately changed. I gasped as air swirled around me, picking my hair up and making it whip around crazily. 
“Adara, I can just change myself!” I said, plucking at the new purple top. “You rely on magic may too much.” 
“You’re just saying that because you don’t have your full powers. If you had them, you’d be like me.”
“Sure,” I said sarcastically, yanking a brush through my stubborn hair. 
“It’ll happen soon.” Adara scowled at Sammy as he starting massaging his claws on the clothes. I plucked him off the bed and he yowled at me. 
Kissing his half pink/half black nose, I danced with him around the room, glancing ever so often out of the window to see if I could spot Matt. 
Adara sat down and tucked her wand back in her purse. She tied her long black hair back and leaned on her elbows. “Does he know you stare into his bedroom window? It’s kind of freaky.”
“He doesn’t know anything about me.” I grabbed a pair of boots and zipped them up. They were old and scruffy, but very comfortable. 	
“Here’s your bag.” Adara leaned over the side of the bed and picked up my messenger bag. She chucked it at me and I grabbed it. 
“I’ve put some essentials in there.” Adara sat up, smiling at me wickedly. “Tissues, lip gloss, mirror, and all that. There’s even a small phonebook just in case he strands you and you have to call a taxi.”
“He won’t!” I didn’t know why I immediately got angry with Adara for making Matt out to a bad guy – it wasn’t like I knew what kind of guy he really was. 
“Don’t you have to go in, like, five minutes?” Adara pointed at her watch. 
“Jesus, yes!” I put the bag over my shoulder and charged past her. She muttered something under her breath as I bounded down the stairs. 
Holly pressed herself against the wall as I sped past her. I yelled “Sorry!” as I ran out of the front door. 
Matthew Miller was leaning against the side of his house when I ran outside. I straightened my shirt and walked over to him as calmly as possible. 
“Hey,” I said, wishing I had grabbed my coat. 
We walked to the bus around the corner from our houses, and Matt blushed and immediately apologised. “I’m sorry we’ve got to get the bus. I haven’t got much money.” 
“Oh, it’s fine.” I grinned like a fool as my mind wandered to a picture of a broomstick. I would be getting my lessons as soon as my powers manifested. I think Matt would be a little freaked out if I just turned up flying on a broomstick. 
“But I reserved a table at a nice restaurant.” My teeth chattered, and I regretted more and more not donning a jacket or at least a jumper. 
“Do you want my coat?” I was about to decline when I realised I would probably freeze to death if I didn’t put it on. 
I thanked him and pulled the jacket on with my numb fingers. I was instantly warmed, and I was thanking him again when my eyes wandered to his bare arms. 
My hand went to my mouth to cover my sharp intake of breath. Matt’s arms were covered in bruises and marks from needles. 
Was Matt a drug user? 
No, I thought. He just can’t be. 
He saw me looking and his mouth flopped open. “I…uh…I can explain. You remember that we met in the hospital?” 
I nodded, too stunned to speak. 
“These are just injection marks from IV’s and other stuff I don’t even know the names of. I had a, uh, problem with my iron level?” It was like the last part was a question. 
I didn’t say anything, but I could sense he was lying about the last part. Something was wrong with him and he didn’t want me to know about it. 
Maybe it’s something really personal, I wondered, stepping onto the bus with him. We paid the driver and sat down in the only two spare seats. 
The world whizzed by outside, and I got dizzy watching the bright lights melt into each other as the driver picked up speed. 
A nagging feeling inside of my finally made me realise that I needed to know the truth. 
“Matt, what is really wrong with you?”

Chapter Seven
Matt

Damn, why did I have to go and be such a gentleman? I should have just let her freeze to death and then everything would be fine and we would have had a perfect night. 
“I don’t want to lie to you,” I said, shifting on the hard seat. I kneaded my hands together nervously. 
“Then don’t.” She looked up at me with the big, round eyes that made her the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen. 
“I…” I had to come up with a plausible lie. I couldn’t tell her I had cancer. She would probably think I was a freak or date me out of pity. I needed to tell her a disease that was believable but not fatal. It had to be something I knew stuff about as well. I smiled, knowing what I would say.  
“I’ve just been diagnosed with diabetes.” I pulled Kayla’s spare blood monitor out of my pocket. I always carried it with me in case she forgot hers one day. She usually did, so I also had to carry something sugary to bring her blood sugars back up. 
“Oh, Matt… you should have told me sooner,” Alice said. “I never would have made you go out when you’re so ill.” 
“I’m not ill!” I insisted. “Now that I’ve told you the truth, you’ve got to tell me a secret about you.” Well, it was only fair, wasn’t it? I knew she was hiding something from me, and even if I haven’t told her the truth, she actually might. 
“Oh.” Alice averted her gaze from me and just stared at her lap, unable to look straight at me. 
Great, Matt, you’ve upset her. So much for being a gentleman. 
“Well, my brother’s having a baby with his girlfriend,” Alice said, twisting her thread bracelet around her wrist, trying not to look at everything but me. 
“That’s not about you. That’s your brother’s secret.” Seriously, I should just let it drop. But something was just nagging at me, making me think that Alice wasn’t the person she wanted everyone to believe. “There’s something strange about you that I can’t put my finger on. I just want to know what it is.” A smile crept onto my lips as I clasped her hand in mine, trying to get her to look at me straight on. 
“Matt, I can’t tell you that.” Her gaze travelled up to my face and I could see clearly that she wanted to tell me, but something was stopping her. “There are rules that we have to abide to. Like the one I’m about to break-”
Speaking of breaking, the window nearest us smashed, sending shards of glass raining down around us. Alice screamed, and I dived over her, shielding her with my body. 
Glass bit into my skin, lodging itself there. I gritted my teeth as Alice continued screaming. I stroked her long dark hair, and she cried into my chest. 
Figures in black dived into the bus, landing with the grace of a swan, well the top of a swan; their feet are so not graceful. The closest figure, a woman, grabbed me and hauled me to my feet, leaving Alice unprotected and vulnerable. 
“Little Alice Connor,” the woman said in a sing-song voice. Red hair cascaded down her back and framed her pointed face. She smiled with full, red lips. “We’ve been waiting to get you alone.” She looked at me, her lip curling with disdain. “At least semi-alone.”
“What do you want with me, Bethany?” Alice asked, getting to her feet and backing away from the woman. 
I had my back pressed against one of the cold walls of the bus, and soon Alice was right next to me, her hands trembling from fright. 
“We’ve figured it out, sis,” Bethany said, twisting a lock of her hair around her pointy finger. “The key to it all, it’s you.” 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Alice reached out blindly and took my hand in her own. Her hands were sweating, and I could tell she was terrified. Heck, I was terrified too. 
“The Prophecy? God, kids are dumb nowadays.” Bethany stepped closer to us and with her every movement the tension in the bus grew. The other passengers were cowering, trying not to be noticed, hoping beyond hope that Bethany didn’t turn on them. 
“That Prophecy?” Alice just glared at the strange woman, regaining some of her confidence. “I can’t believe you believe that rubbish!” 
“It’s fact.” Bethany snarled at us, and I fell back into the wall again. “And one of our Seers has just told us who the girl is.”
“And who is that? Me?” Alice laughed bitterly, but her hand was clenching mine harder, like she was in pain or just plain scared. 
“Yes, sister.” Bethany stroked the side of Alice’s face with her long, red nail. “And now we’re going to have to kill you.”  
“Great, just like that? Has it even occurred to you that this Seer may be wrong?” 
“She’s the best Dark Seer in the whole of Britain!” 
“Exactly, she’s Dark. She’s probably going to have something to gain if she lies to you. You can’t trust her.” 
“I can’t trust you either.” Bethany took her hand from Alice’s face, her expression a deep, brooding scowl. “For all we know, you’re the most powerful person in the world, even before your Manifestation.” 
“Bethany, what are you doing?” Alice asked, panicked as the figures circled us, trapping us in. 
“A witch is at her weakest point during the Manifestation of her powers,” Bethany explained, removing a twig from her belt. 
The rest of the figures did the same, grinning wickedly. 
“Alice, I don’t understand what’s going-”
The figures started chanting, and it seemed like the air around us was buzzing with energy. The metallic taste exploded in my mouth as a hot tendril of pain sliced through my body, sending me to my knees. 
“This isn’t supposed to happen!” Bethany screamed as the world faded into just a pool of liquid darkness. 
Chapter Eight

Alice

“This isn’t supposed to happen!” Bethany screamed as Matt fell to his knees besides me. 
Pain flared inside me, and I could see colourful magic rolling through the air in waves. I slipped to my side, staring at Matt as he slipped into unconsciousness. 
His hand still gripped mine tightly, and I couldn’t let go. I opened my mouth in a silent scream as it felt like a thousand fiery needles were plunged deep into my skin. 
My hair stuck to my face with the sweat, and I watched as more people clambered onto the bus. My father, Francis and Adara were all stood at the front of the bus, wands at the ready. 
Francis’ eyes were burning with the fire of a thousand hells. He marched forward, his wand aiming at Bethany as she pointed her own wand at me. 
“Kill her. Now!” The figures lunged and it was all chaos. Lighting bolts streaked across the bus, aiming for opposite sides. I screamed, finally finding my voice. 
Francis blocked a bolt that was heading straight for me and sent his own. People charged around, wilding flinging bolts out of there wands. 
Adara covered Matt and I with a standard force field spell she had only memorised a week earlier. 
Pain spiked through my body as I edged closer to Matt, laying my head on his chest. This wasn’t supposed to be happening. He couldn’t handle it. Mortals weren’t supposed have to deal with the Manifestation, their bodies just couldn’t take it. That’s why they’re mortal and we’re witches. I cried, snot dripping down my face. Matt was already sick, his body wouldn’t cope. 
No witch had ever shared a Manifestation with a mortal before, so this was a first. It was also a first because of the fact that those Dark witches had induced my Manifestation, like a doctor might a labour. 
My mind was becoming foggy, and I knew I would pass out like Matt had. There was no point staying awake to figure all this rubbish out. My dad would do that for me later.

Waves crashed against the cliffs, and I snuggled into the warm sand beneath me. I rolled over, trying to get comfortable on the grainy substance. 
Wait, none of this was right. 
I shouldn’t be here. My eyes sprung open and I stared at the cloudless blue sky. Sitting up, I rubbed my temples and glanced around. 
Matt was lying besides me, specks of sand in his hair. I shoved his shoulder, trying to get him to wake the hell up and tell me what we were doing on a random beach in God knows where. 
He stirred, mumbling something about not wanting to go to school. I suppressed hysterical laughter, smacking him in the chest. Matt opened one eye and immediately snapped it shut because of the glare of the sun. 
He sat up, rubbing his head as he took in the strange scenery. Birds screeched in the sky, circling us like vultures around a carcass. 
“Where am I?” Matt asked, scrambling to his feet, kicking up a cloud of sand. 
“I have no idea,” I said as he helped me to my feet. 
“Then what just happened?” 
“Uh.” I wiped my sweaty forehead with the back of my hand. “I think my sister just tried to kill me.”
“What?” Matt kicked at the sand with his trainers while he stared at me with eyes a deep shade of purple. 
Purple? 
No, Matt’s eyes were a dazzling blue, not the hypnotic purple of mine. This wasn’t right. 
Noooooooooo!
“Why?” he repeated, grabbing my shoulders and shaking me like a rag doll. 
“Run!” 
Matt and I whirled in unison as a girl came stumbling down the beach, wearing a tattered blue dress. Her hair was long and if washed it would be beautiful. But now it was blood matted and tangled, hanging limply from her head. 
“Can’t you hear? Get out! They’re-” her breath got caught in her throat, and she let out a strangled cry that sounded like she was being chocked. “Mattie?”
“Huh?” Matt said as the world flipped and whirled. 
Four cloaked figures were approaching, wands held high above their concealed faces. 
Everything was blurry and the world was fading at the edges. The girl looked up at us with startled eyes as she sprinted past us, away from the group of witches. 
The world shook and I found myself falling further than I ever have before.

When I woke up the room around me was dark. Something heavy covered me, and I struggle with it, getting my legs all tangled. 
I land with a thump on the floor, my butt taking the brunt of the impact. I finally untangled myself, flexing my sore muscles. 
Power coursed through my veins, and I just smiled. 
“Stop grinning like an imbecile.” My head shot up and my eyes immediately found Adara sitting on the window seat. 
She dotted her forehead with a bloody tissue, grimacing. “What happened?” 
“Well, while you were having a nap, I had to sustain the shield and block myself from attack at the same time. As you can imagine, that’s pretty hard, even for a powerful and skilled witch like me.” I snorted at this, but she just rolled her eyes and continued. “We fought the baddies and won, because they all crapped themselves and fled when Dad went mental at them. Then I mind wiped the passengers and we all lived happily ever after.” Adara stood and held her hand out to me, as if to give me and handshake. “Welcome to adulthood, sis.” 
I shook her hand, savouring the feel of her soft skin against mine. Although we’re twins, Adara and I didn’t share many special moments together, so this was a rare occasion for us. 
“Wait, how did you know what was happening?”
“Alice, I just had to do some spells to see how your date was going,” Adara replied, and I scowled at her, annoyed that she had invaded my privacy. 
“What happened to Matt?”
“We dropped him off at home and put him to bed. He won’t even remember what happened.” Adara glanced out of the window, looking at the curtained window of Matt’s room as if she could see through them. “I can’t believe he smashed his head and got knocked out. That’s unlucky, that is.”
“Huh?” I said. “He didn’t hit his head… Oh, God!” 

Chapter Nine

Matt

Something touched my face, soft as a feather. I opened my eyes and there actually was a feather in my face. 
I jumped back and Harvey laughed, placing the long black feather in a weird, pouch thing. 
“I knew that’d wake you up,” Harvey said, putting the stuff back on his shelf. 
I glared at him, rubbing my head and stretching. 
“You were asleep for ages. Your dad was freaking out. I knew a little Black Magic would wake you.”
Memories flooded my brain all at once. I leaped from the bed and grabbed the pouch from the shelf. Harvey just looked at me questioningly as I dumped its contents onto the bed. 
A feather, a few stones and a powdery substance. All of them were black. 
“You don’t want to mess with any of this stuff.” My mind wandered back to Bethany and her long, pointed nails as she stroked her sister’s –Alice’s face. 
“You have no idea what you’re talking about.” Harvey reached for the mess on the bed and I swatted his hand away, glaring at him. 
“Dude, what happed to your eyes?” 
“Huh?” I went into the bathroom and brushed my fringe out of my eyes. My purple eyes! 
“Alice’s eyes,” I whispered, touching my face. I couldn’t believe it. 
This just wasn’t right. It wasn’t possible. 
Running down the stairs, I ran past my dad and Ursula, talking in hushed tones. I fling the door open and continue running, even though I’d probably collapse from the strain. 
I rapped my knuckles on Alice’s door, raking my other hand through my blonde hair to expose my striking eyes to whoever opened the door. 
A girl a little younger than me opened the door, already saying: “We don’t want to buy anything.” 
Her mouth fell open and I just scowled. Her short pink hair was spiked up at odd angles, and she had a sort of punk look about her. This made me dislike her immediately, mainly because she reminded me of Harvey and his mates. She had a nose ring in, and she wore biker boots. Her eyes were slate grey and menacing. 
“Where’s Alice?” I questioned, trying to make myself dark and scary. 
Fear was a good motivator for people. “I don’t know what you want, Warlock, but we’re kind of busy. If you haven’t heard, Alice and a civilian were attacked yesterday, so we’re all kind of on edge. Come back later at a better time.”
She slammed the door in my face, and I knocked again. 
The same girl opened the door, sighing. 
“You don’t understand. I need to see Alice now.” 
“And I need you to go.” The girl glared at me, putting her hand across the doorframe as if that would keep me out. 
“Matt?” a small voice said, and the girl opened the door wider. 
Alice was stood in the middle of the hallway, her pale bare feet in shocking contrast to the dark wooded floor. 
“Alice!” I charged past the girl to wrap Alice in my arms. Her lips found mine and we were lost in our own little world. I ran my fingers through her hair, not knowing what to do with my hands. 
Hers snaked their way up my body, wrapping around me, cocooning me in love. Alice pulled back gasping for breath. Her face was flushed and she was breathing as if she had just run a mile. 
“Get a room,” the girl said, leaning against the now closed door and crossing her arms. 
“Sally, why don’t you just leave this one? I need to talk to Matt.” 
Sally muttered something under her breath as she passed us. I held Alice close to me, liking the feel of her body pressed against mine. 
“What do you want to know?” Alice asked, looking up with me with her eyes – now my eyes. 
“I want to know everything.” 
“Then you’ll probably want to get comfortable.” Alice clicked her fingers and we appeared in a lush room, which I recognised to be her bedroom because of the whole window scenario. 
“Take a seat.” I pulled an armchair over to face the window seat. She took the window seat, and the sun shined on the back of her had, making her hair seem like it had a whole host of other colours streaking through it. 
I sat on the chair, trying to get into a comfortable position and not be awkward. 
“Well, I’ll start with what I am. I’m a witch, and I think you know what one of those is.” 
“Yeah, pointy hats and broomsticks.” 
“No pointy hats, but it is true about witches and broomsticks. Or warlocks and broomsticks, which are basically the male version of witches.” 
“So you have broomsticks then?”
“Yeah, and I’m gonna get my license soon.” 
“Okay, so you’re a witch and I guess I’m a warlock then.”
“Why would you say that?” Alice asked, pulling her knees up to her chin. 
“Look at me. When that thing happened the other night something changed in me.” 
“And now you’re a warlock.” 
“I guess I am.” Although I sounded fine on the outside, my mind was freaking out. Either Alice was crazy or I’ve actually become a male witch. “Alice, has this ever happened before?”
“What? A mortal becoming a warlock? Nope, never. This is brand freaking new.” Alice jumped off the window seat and got to her hands and knees, peering under the big bed. “Although there has never been an induced Manifestation before.” Alice pulled an old, leather bound book from under the bed. She blew the dust and I coughed and spluttered, tears stinging my eyes. 
“What’s a Manifestation?” Alice sat down on the window seat, her legs crossed as she plonked the book down in front of her. 
“It’s when a witch gets her full powers. She only has a small amount of magic before it, and when it happens she gets a surge of energy that settles and becomes her power source.”
“What’s this?”



Chapter Ten

Alice

Matt pointed at the page which held the Prophecy. It was written by a very old witch oracle who always, and I do mean always, gets her premonitions correct. 
“This is the prophecy Bethany was talking about.” I picked the book up carefully and flipped it around to show him. I read aloud from memory.


The Saviours are two of one
One a daughter and one a son
One will be born of a main magic line
And the other will be of the normal and fine
The order of the world shall shift
And the boy shall be given the gift
Of magic to use at his will
Their roles they shall fulfil
But The Old Ones will still come
And what is to be done must be done
The rip in the world they have to stitch
The Warlock and the Witch

I watched his reaction as he ran the pad of his thumb over the old script. He recoiled when he finished resting the Prophecy. This made me think he wasn’t listening when I was reading it. 
Typical man. 
“That sounds like me. I’ve been ‘given the gift of magic to use at my will’, so this must be talking about the two of us.”
I simply nodded, feeling dread spread inside me. 
“That means Bethany was right. You are the girl in the Prophecy.”
“And you’re the boy.” 
“What does this mean?” Matt edged closer to her, so close she could practically feel his hot breath on her. 
“It means that we’ll be hunted down until we’re eventually killed.” 
“What does ‘The Old Ones’ mean?” 
“Well, there is this old fairytale that witches used to tell their kids. It’s about a coven of witches who thought they were better than anyone else. Because it is thought that with age comes more power, they called themselves The Old Ones…” 

Athena watched her sister coven members, a smile spreading over her face as Hecate flipped through the brittle pages of the spell book. She wrote in the pages, adding the new spells she had just created. 
Rhea opened her palm, showing a perfectly formed flower in her hand. Athena scowled at her, snapping her fingers. The flower withered and died. Rhea looked like she might cry, but then she just picked up an old spell book and studied the pages, getting back to the task at hand, trying not to disappoint her sister. 
“Athena, just let her play with the flowers,” Artemis snapped at her, going back to flipping through the pages of her grandmother’s Book of Shadows. 
“Have you found it yet?” Rhea asked Artemis, closing her own book with a thud. She stretched her legs, her long robe flowing behind her as she walked to the window. 
“No, there is nothing in any of these texts,” Artemis said, looking as disappointed as Athena felt. 
“We are already the most powerful coven in the world,” Hecate said, looking annoyed. “Why don’t we just create an immortal spell?”
“We can, but it will involve a huge sacrifice,” Athena said quickly, an idea forming in her head. “Maybe millions of mortals.”
“They’re just mortals,” Hecate said, jotting down things on a sheet of paper. “Our immortality is much more important.” 
“So we just sacrifice people and we’re immortal?” Rhea asked.
“Isn’t that a little morbid?” Artemis said with a look of disgust on her face. “We can’t just kill people.”
“Well, we need a coven’s agreement to do this. A simple majority vote, and if it ties then the coven leader will choose.” Hecate smiled at the leader, Athena. 
“All of those against?” Athena questioned. 
Rhea and Artemis raised their hands, looking annoyed that the rest of their coven was contemplating murdering many people. 
“All those for?” Athena herself raised her hand, along with Hecate. “It is a tie, and as I am the coven leader, then I declare that we will go ahead with the sacrifice.” 

“So they all just agreed to murder of millions of people?” Matt asked, looking disgusted and appalled. 
“Not all of them,” I said quickly. “Rhea and Artemis didn’t want to do it.” 
“So what happened then? They obviously got stopped.”
“Well, a young woman called Florence was their maid. She was also a very powerful witch and an ancestor of mine…”

Florence poured Athena herbal tea, keeping her eyes on the coven leader at all times. None of the coven knew what Florence was capable of. They all thought they bought her from Florence’s father, but it was all a trick. 
Florence was sent here to keep an eye on the coven, because the rest of the witch community was scared of them. There had never been a coven as strong as them, and everyone feared they would do something drastic. 
They had been right. Athena was planning to murder innocent mortals and now only Florence stood in their way. 
Florence relayed the message to the Elder witches who had sent her, and they promised to come up with something to stop them. 
Time was running out. Athena and Hecate had almost finalised their plans to destroy the mortals, but Florence had also almost finalised her plan to stop them. 
She met with a representative of the Elders, a young boy of maybe ten or eleven. He handed the vial to Florence, telling her what it would do. 
“Is Judgment ready?” 
“Yes, milady. The Elders just performed the cast that will bind it to our world and the world of the spirits.” 
“Thank you, young one. This is the last time I ever see another member of the good witching community.” 
“I hope you are successful, milady.”
“I hope too.” Florence put her hood up and hurried away, her cloak billowing behind her. 

“So what happens? What does that vial do? What’s Judgment?” 
“If you shut up then maybe I’ll tell you.”
Matt immediately quietened, wanting to know the rest of the story. 
“The whole coven went to a beach, where it is very pure and very isolated. Florence came along with them, but what she didn’t anticipate was that they’d use her as an initial sacrifice…”

Florence tipped the vial into each of the teacups and stirred the contents. She then handed each coven member a cup and watched with satisfaction as they each sipped their own. That potion would bind them to Judgment, meaning they would be dragged their once the spell was done.
Once the potion was in their systems, Florence proposed that they should get going. Athena nodded and snapped her fingers, transporting them all to an isolated beach. 
Florence screamed when Hecate grabbed her arm, paralysing her with one touch. Rhea flinched and Artemis wrapped her arm around her, trying unsuccessfully to comfort her. 
“What are you doing?” Florence chocked out, trying to harness her own magic to get her out of this mess. 
“There needs to be an initial sacrifice of a mortal to open the gates to the afterlife. Once these gates are open, we only have to perform a simple spell and the other mortals will just drop dead.” 
“But that will kill every mortal.” Florence grasped at the shiny tendrils of magic in her mind, trying to pull it to the surface. She needed to kill them before everyone died. 
“Well, it’s better to kill too many than too few, isn’t it?”

Chapter Eleven
Matt

“She’s a right bitch,” I commented, and Alice shushed me again. 
“You want to hear the rest of the story, don’t you?” 
I nodded and she continued. 
“Athena was already drawing a blade that would kill Florence…”

Florence’s eyes went wide when Athena pulled a dagger from under her cloak, the metal glinting in the sunlight. 
Florence knew she would die, but she could still foil Athena’s plans. Their spell wouldn’t work if they killed Florence, because she wasn’t mortal, but that wouldn’t stop them from trying it again. Florence would have to send them to Judgment. There was no choice now. 
“Sorry, Florence,” Athena said as she plunged the dagger into Florence’s stomach. 
The paralysis faded and Florence dropped to her knees, already speaking. 

Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

Break down the barriers between the worlds
To send these demons into the dark
Do as I wish 
And banish this evil forever! 

Lightning surged from Florence’s fingertips, surrounding all of the coven members. Wind whipped her hair across her face and she gritted her teeth.
“What?” Athena screamed as a thread of bright light bound The Old Ones to each other. 
“I’m taking you to Judgment,” Florence gasped as pain overwhelmed her. Her life blood drained on the beach, being soaked up by the sand. Florence was dying, but at least those monsters would go to Judgment. 
The world whirled around them in confusing blurs as they all were transported through the veils between life and death. But Florence went further, going into the blinding light of paradise, whereas The Old Ones were stuck in the limbo that was Judgment. 
It was done. 
The Old Ones were gone. 

“What happens with Judgment now?” I asked Alice. 
“They send witches who commit crimes there. Judgment is basically a replica of this world, but with no one alive or dead there. Because they can’t die, the witches just have to stay hidden from The Old Ones. Apparently The Old Ones torture the new witches put in there and those witches can’t escape because there is no way out of Judgment.” 
“That’s a little harsh, isn’t it?” 
“Not if those witches murdered people,” Alice said, sitting down on her bed. She stroked the material and stared of into the distance. 
“Is this Prophecy saying that The Old Ones are coming back?” 
“Yes,” Alice said, looking at her feet hanging off the bed. “And we have to stop them.”
“I don’t think I can do that,” I told her truthfully. I wouldn’t even be alive in a few months, so why did I have to waste the last few weeks of my life battling evil witches? It just didn’t seem fair. 
“Matt, we have to do this. The Prophecy is fact, and this means we’re gonna fight The Old Ones whether we want to or not.”
“The Prophecy could be talking about different people. How are we supposed to be sure it’s about us?” 
“It is – I can feel it.”
“Great, just great.” I paced the room as a sleek black cat padded into the room, purring like an engine. I raised my eyebrow when Alice scooped the cat in her arms, cooing at it and telling it how good it was.
“A black cat? Seriously?” 
“He’s gorgeous, aren’t you, Sammy? Oh, yes you are! Yes you are! I am sounding pretty strange right now, aren’t I? Yes I am, yes I am. I can’t seem to stop talking like this, though, can I?” 
“Okayyyyyy.” I said, flopping onto the bed. Millions of tiny pillows surrounded me, drowning me in their fluffiness. 
“I’m gonna end up being a crazy cat lady, aren’t I?”
“Yup.” I laid my head in her pillow, breathing in the smell of her from it.
“Hey, Alice, can I borrow-” I jumped up, startled by the sudden voice, and I slammed my head against the headboard as a boy just appeared in the room, as if out of thin air. 
“Matthew?” the boy squinted, as if he couldn’t see me. 
“Oh, Matt, you’ve not really met my brother before, have you?” I shook my head and stared at the raven-haired boy. 
“Hey, I’m Francis.” 
“Good to meet you,” I responded, trying to slow my heart beat. 
The world swirled around me, and a sharp pain in my stomach made me gasp out loud. 
“Matt, are you okay?” 
“Fine,” I replied, wincing. The pain was normal now, what with my cancer progressing so far. 
“You should probably meet the rest of the clan,” Francis said, suddenly disappearing once again. 
“Clan? Is that a witch term or something?”
“Nope. It’s just what Francis likes to call us. A witch group is called a coven, and it has four members. They each are supposed to represent one of the four elements. You can’t have a coven with two of the same elements in. When a witch has the Manifestation, they immediately know which element they are going to represent. I know now that I’m water. Francis is air, and Adara is earth. Sally is also air, and Gemma, my little cousin, is another earth.” 
I thought about it, concentrating. In my mind I pictured just blackness, and then a tiny spark of light lured me in. It was a flame. 
“I’m fire,” I muttered, opening my eyes. 
“Great,” Francis said from across the room, a grin on his face because he successfully startled me again. “Now it’s time to meet the parents.”


Chapter Twelve
Alice

Matt looked nervous as I took his hand and led him into the crowded living room. Sweat rolled down his face, and I thought I saw pain in his eyes. 
My mother and father were perched on the loveseat, both of them looking at Matt with eyes full of suspicion. 
“Mum, Dad, this is Matt. My, uh, boyfriend?” I glanced at him as he swallowed nervously. His hands were sweating so much he had to wipe them on his jeans, leaving sticky marks. 
“You are a warlock.” My father sounded shocked. Well, he had seen him a mere mortal a few hours earlier. 
“I am, sir.” Matt said, flattening his slick hair back with his hand. 
“Dang, you did good girl,” Adara said, rising gracefully to her feet. She looked at him with hungry eyes. “I’m Adara, Alice’s prettier and funnier twin.” 
“I’m not interested,” Matt said honestly, causing Sally to try and hide her laugh behind a cough. 
“Well I’m not either.” Adara curled up on the sofa, sending a death glare his way. 
“And this is-” I broke off when I saw Matt seem to collapse in on himself. His knees gave out and his body crumpled to the floor at my feet. His head cracked on the coffee table, and he just slumped, lifeless and unconscious.
“What’s wrong with him?” Gemma cried, getting down on the carpet and brushing Matt’s hair aside to reveal a gash on his forehead. 
“I don’t know…” It suddenly came to me. “He’s diabetic.” 
“Low blood sugar?” Dad asked, kneeling on the floor, his old bones creaking. 
“I guess so. Gem, can you fix him?” 
“I’ve never tried to do it, but I think so. It has to do with blood.” Gemma specialised in healing to do with blood and open wounds. She put her hands on his head and concentrating on raising his blood sugar. It didn’t work. 
Matt didn’t open his eyes. 
Dizziness suddenly overcame me, and I stumbled, knocking into the wall. Framed photos crashed to the ground, smashing into a million pieces. 
Slipping down, little needles of glass dug into my hands and face. I didn’t care. I was just too tired to care.

My eyes opened, and were immediately assaulted by the harsh rays of the sun. I squinted and sat up on the sand, finally realising where I was. 
Everything clicked into place now. 
I was in Judgment. 
Matt was unconscious next to me, not moving. The gash on his head looked worse in the bright light, harsh against his pale as death skin. 
“Matt.” I shook him, but he didn’t wake. 
“Matt, wake up!” 
“He wont,” a voice said, and I slowly turned on my knees, not bothering to stand and face whoever it was. 
The same girl we had seen before was stood in front of me, her toes curling in the soft sand. Her hair was still a tangled and matted, sticking to her face, and her dress was ripped and bloody. 
“He’s out cold,” the girl said, kneeling next to Alice, pressing her bloody hand against Matt’s forehead. 
“Don’t touch him!” I snapped my fingers and the girl was hurtled back, crashing into the sand and sending clouds of it swirling through the air. 
“I can do what I like, little girl. He’s my baby brother.”
“Huh?” 
“I’m Claire Miller. I died thirteen years ago, along with my mother. One of us went straight to paradise, and the other came…here.” 
“To Judgment.” 
“Yes.” She glared at me. “But I wasn’t supposed to be here. There was a part of Judgment reserved for the boy in the prophecy. The dark witches organised it all and they thought they could get him. But he didn’t die when he was supposed to, and that space needed to be filled. It was either me or my mother, and I wouldn’t let her come somewhere like this.” She stared lovingly at Matt’s unconscious form. “And now the dark witches have found him. They never really knew who he was before, and I guess that’s what’s been keeping him safe, but they could locate him using spells. After they the assassination failed they cast the spell straight away, and now they’ve got him. Ursula didn’t anticipate using a sickness spell. She just tried to protect him by using all of the casts that would stop them from finding him. She should have known…” Claire looked off into the distance, a frown forming on her face. “Your time is almost up. I’m sorry, Alice, but there is nothing you can do to help him. The magic is binding.”
“What magic? I have no idea what you’re talking about, Claire.” 
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Her head whipped to the side, as if she had heard something I hadn’t. “They’re coming, you have to go now.” 
The world spun, and I fought hard to keep my eyes open. They finally slipped shut, and nothing seemed to matter anymore.

I woke to everyone rushing around the room in a panic. Matt was still passed out on the floor, unresponsive to everything Gemma tried to do. 
“Whatever it is,” she said, “it’s not diabetes. I can do anything with blood, and this should have worked. Something else is up with him.” 
Suddenly Matt stirred, his eyelids fluttering. He sat up and looked around groggily, staring at all of the faces gawping at him. 
“What happened?” he asked, rubbing the cut on his forehead. The blood smeared across his face. 
“Man, I think you fainted,” Francis said, helping Matt to his feet. 
“I…I need to go to the hospital. Can anyone drive me?” 
“I’ll take you,” Francis said, fishing his keys out of his back pocket.
“I’m coming.” I stepped forward, feeling slightly unsteady on my own feet after my little trip to Judgment and back.
“I’m not missing this.” Adara also stepped forward, dodging the blood stain on the floor narrowly. 
“Good, I need to make a call to my dad on the way. He’ll be worried.” 
“I’m worried.” I snaked my arm around his waist, wanting to be close to him. What just happened made me think about how we could be separated, by death or otherwise. 
He let out a shaky breath. “We better go now.”

Chapter Thirteen
Matt

I couldn’t believe it. I had actually passed out in front of all of Alice’s family. It meant that the cancer was progressing quickly, and I’m sure I don’t have much time left. 
I’ve heard they can do operations on you to stop the pain, and if that’s so then I want one. I can’t just pass out every time it gets too much to handle. 
Francis started the engine and drove, glancing at me ever so often out of the corner of his eye, checking to see if I had died or not. 
“Hey, Ursula, is dad there? Thanks.” Ursula handed the phone to my dad, who has halfway through eating a lasagne, even though Kayla thought it had horsemeat in it. After the scandal, she was sure everything we ate had horsemeat in, even the stuff that didn’t have any meat in! 
“What is it, Matt?” My dad sounded tired, deflated. Well, that’s what’s having a sick child did to you – two sick children. We couldn’t forget Kayla’s illness too, even if it was under control. You never knew when she would just collapse. 
“I passed out. Someone’s taking me to the hospital now.” I glanced nervously at Alice and Adara in the back. They were both trying to listen in without looking like they were doing so, and the same goes for Francis. 
“You passed out? I’m heading straight to the hospital, Matt.”
“I’m not even there yet, Dad.” I laughed nervously. “Anyway, I’m going to ask Dr Allen about those nerve blocks.”
“The pain did this to you? Matt, I’m getting in the car right now! Ursula, get in the car!” I heard my dad yell before he hung up. 
No one said anything at all. 
We all scrambled out of the car and into the hospital, hurrying but not full blown running. I don’t think Adara could run in those shoes she was wearing, anyway. 
The receptionist glanced up at us from the computer screen, a blank expression on her wrinkled face. “Hello? What is the problem?”
I just stared at her, my mouth hanging open. My face was bleeding and she was asking what the problem was. Seriously? She’s as bad a health worker as Dr Allen. 
“My boyfriend has cut his head open. He fainted, we think.” Alice took charge, marching to the front of our little group. 
Hmm, boyfriend, I thought. Was I her boyfriend now? 
“Take a seat, all of you. Try and fill this out as best you can.” She handed Alice a chewed ball-point pen and a stack of files. 
“Let me write. I’ve got the best handwriting out of all of us.” Adara said, grabbing the pen off Alice.
“I can write myself, thank you very much.” 
“You’re injured. I am writing. Name?” She looked at me. 
“Matthew Miller,” I said irritably. 
“Age?”
“Sixteen.”
“Occupation?”
“Student.” 
“Next of kin?” 
“My dad. James Miller.”
“Telephone number?”
I told her the number, and the next question made my heart freeze in my chest. 
“Any existing medical problems?” 
My words shook as I choked out. “Yes.” 
“Ooh, what is it?” Adara leaned forward, looking at me with the first bit of interest she had shown in this whole string of questions. 
“Advanced pancreatic cancer.” Alice let out a little shocked breath and Adara dropped the papers to the floor, the pen rolling underneath the snack machine. Francis gawked at me, his jaw going slack. 
“Matthew Miller?” A doctor walked out of an examination room, a clipboard in hand. 
“Me.” I stood and gripped the chairs on the way, just in case the mild gnawing in my back turned to something more painful.
When I sat down on the bed in his room, the doctor closed the door, shutting us both in. 
“Hmm, it doesn’t seem very deep,” he said when he inspected the head wound. “But you have lost blood and it is a head wound, so concussion is always a possibility. How did this happen?” 
I swallowed. “I passed out.”
“Is there anything that could have caused you to collapse?” 
“Uh, I’ve got cancer, sir. The pain caused me to faint, I think.”
“Oh,” he said, finally glancing down at the papers Adara had filled in. “Advanced pancreatic cancer? I’m very sorry, Matthew.”
“I don’t need you to feel sorry for me. Everyone does anyway, and now my girlfriend is never going to look at me the same way.”
“May I ask how long you have left?”
“A few weeks to a few months. Nothing’s certain.” 
The doctor stood, the office chair being pushed back into the cluttered desk. “I’ll get a nurse to clean that and put a bandage on. Then I think we should keep you in over night for observation, what with your existing medical problems.” 
“Cool, but no more than one night.” I glanced around the room, shuddering. “I’ve had enough of hospitals.”

Sitting on the bed, I stared at the all-too familiar finger paintings and crayon drawings on the walls. 
Alice was curled up in the seat beside the bed, her tears leaving tracks down her face. Her dark hair fell lifeless, as if it was controlled by her emotions, and her purple eyes were glassy and tearful. 
I had broken Alice Connor. 
Francis paced the room and Adara leaned against the wall. Cracks appeared in the plaster, making little paths and veins toward the ceiling. 
“Adara,” I said, pointing at the cracks. 
“What?” Adara snapped, her eyes blazing with fury. What she was angry at, I did not know. But I would damn well try to keep out of her way in the meantime. 
“You’re breaking the hospital,” Francis told her, wrapping his arm around his younger sibling.  
Everyone was quiet after that, waiting for my father to arrive. 
Alice had told me about what Claire said, and when she mentioned Ursula’s name, I just froze. I couldn’t believe it. 
Ursula had magic. 

Chapter Fourteen
Alice

Matt’s father barged in about fifteen minutes after I told him what his sister had said. When I had mentioned that woman’s name – Ursula – his eyes had bugged out and he had gone all weird. 
It turns out Ursula’s his step-mum. 
Its funny how things work out sometimes, isn’t it? Not really, I know. 
“Who are these people?” Matt’s father was saying now, and I finally looked up at him, knowing what I must look like to him. My hair was tangled and messy and my skin was tear-streaked. My clothes were rumpled and my eyes were red. 
Not a good look when you’re going to meet your boyfriend’s parents. 
“I’m his girlfriend,” I said, my voice hoarse. 
“And we’re her family.” Francis stepped forward to shake Mr Miller’s hand but the older man just batted his hand away, glaring at them. 
“My boy is sick. I think you all should leave us alone for what little time he has left.” 
“They’re staying,” Matt said, sitting up in the bed. 
He had a drip connected to him that was pumping God knows what through his already weak system. 
“Matt-” Ursula began, but Matt cut her off sharply. 
“Ursula, Dad, I want to talk to you about something, and Alice and her family have to be here for me to do so. They’re kind of moral support, if you will.” 
“What is it, honey?” Ursula sat on the bed, her hand stroking the material. 
“I want to talk to you about the fact that you’re a witch and you’re secretly trying to protect me from the Dark Witches. Don’t deny it, Ursula. I think we’re through lying here.”
“Matt, how did-” Her sentence died as she studied his eyes. “Your eyes; they’re like hers.” She pointed at me with a shaky hand. 

The Saviours are two of one
One a daughter and one a son
One will be born of a main magic line
And the other will be of the normal and fine
The order of the world shall shift
And the boy shall be given the gift
Of magic to use at his will
Their roles they shall fulfil
But The Old Ones will still come
And what is to be done must be done
The rip in the world they have to stitch
The Warlock and the Witch

I recited the Prophecy, watching Ursula’s eyes almost pop out of her head in shock. Suddenly she dropped to her knees, bowing to both Matt and I. 
“Saviours, it is a great honour to finally be graced with your presences. I have been waiting for this day for almost eighty years.” 
“Eighty years?” Matt’s dad said, and it was his turn to be shocked. 
“Honey, I told you I used a whole hose of spells to reduce my aging process. You know that.”
“I thought you were maybe a little older, but not this.” 
Ursula ignored him and rose to her feet, her head bowed in respect. “Matthew, I am sorry for hiding so much from you. I had to wait before you realised your true destiny and found her.” 
“Um. Okay.” I reached other and clasped Matt’s hand in my own. He smiled at me before continuing. “You knew I would save the world? Did you know this too, Dad?”
“I only found out when Ursula contacted me. She told me everything and I agreed to marry her so she can be close to you. I love her, but I suppose the feeling isn’t mutual.”
Ursula smiled sadly at her husband. Her look showed that she only married James Miller because she needed to protect Matt, not because she loved James.
“Does Harvey know? Does Harvey have magic?” 
Ursula shook her head. “He has no idea. I hoped he would develop powers but I guess he takes more from his father than just his looks.”
“His father is mortal?” I asked, pulling my knees up to my chest. 
“He was, before the Dark Witches got to him. They tortured him for a week before giving him the mercy of death. At least now he’s in paradise.”
“Maybe they put him in Judgment.” 
Ursula scowled at him. “He is in paradise,” she said firmly, and then continued. “So you know about Judgment? I thought you only figured out your roles in this world. I guess Alice has told you the tale of Florence and The Old Ones then.”
“She has. And we’ve even been to Judgment.” 
“You have? People can’t cross the veil, Matt. Not even the most skilled of witches can do that. There is a rule that only those condemned by the Light Witches can pass over into Judgment.”
“So we’re condemned then?” I asked, my heart skipping a beat. 
“Of course not!” Ursula laughed, looking a little nervous herself. “If you were condemned then you wouldn’t have been able to get back into this world.” 
“You sure?” Matt said, looking uncertain.
“Positive.” But I could tell she wasn’t sure. 
“You fill us with confidence,” Adara said, and then she sobered. “What are we supposed to do now? If Matt and Alice are really the ones who are going to save the world then they need practice.”
“But Matt isn’t strong enough,” Francis added. “He’s only got a few weeks left to live.”
“Then we give him more time,” Ursula said. “I’ll contact the Light Witches and see if they can spare any healers.”
“It won’t work,” I said, dread filling my body. “They can’t heal things that will kill people. They can’t defy death.”
“No, but they can prolong his life. Death will still take him, but we will have more time before she does,” Ursula said to me, hope in her eyes. 
“Then we have to do it,” Matt’s dad said, power behind his voice. 
“I’d do anything to help Matt,” I said truthfully, looking right into his purple eyes. 	
“I guess we’re going to save the world,” Adara said, sighing. “Yippee.” 

Chapter Fifteen
Matt


The four women in dark cloaks hurried into the room, their heads bowed. 
I sat up, startled. Alice raised her head from my chest and rubbed her bleary eyes. My heart sped up faster and I prepared myself for a fight. 
“Saviours, we are here to aid you. We are the best healers in Britain,” one of the women said, stepping forward. Her head remained bowed. 
“Then get to work,” Alice said, getting to her feet. Her dark hair fell in curls around her shoulders, bouncing up and down with each of her movements. 
“As you wish, milady.” 
I arched an eyebrow at Alice, who now stood in the corner of the room, way out of the way of these girls. 
They held hands with each other and chanted, their words swelling with power. That power seemed to burn through my veins, strengthening me. 
My eyes went wide when I saw them reach into their cloaks. I expected them to pull out daggers or something equally painful for me, but they brought out…
Sticks? 
“Wands,” Alice mouthed to me, and I nodded, like I knew that already. 
They each placed the point of their wands on my chest, and I convulsed as more power coursed through my system. 
I gasped and arched my back. Sweat rolled down my face as they all called upon their elements to give me strength. It felt like they were draining me of strength now, not giving me it. 
“You’re hurting him!” Alice screamed, running over. 
“We know,” one of them said, grinning at her. 
My eyes went wide and I started fighting it. The florescent lights exploded, showering us all in glass and bathing us in darkness. 
I fought harder, but I was just too weak…
My eyes had closed. I flung them open and started fighting against the witches again, willing myself to just stand the hell up and beat these witches. 
The door to the room opened and light flooded the room. I squinted against the harsh light and tried to make out the dark figure in the doorway. 
“Harvey?” I couldn’t believe it. 
One of the witches turned to see who had intruded, and that was all that I needed. I launched myself up, glad that Harvey had created a suitable distraction. 
“What the hell is going on?” Harvey yelled and I flicked my wrist. The door slammed shut behind him and I twisted my hand, locking the door. 
“Now, who wants to go up against The Saviours, plus Harvey?” I added, standing up straight. 
Alice stood by my side and I smiled at her, trying to fill her with at least some confidence. Harvey was now cowering in the corner, whimpering slightly. I felt sorry for him. He had no idea this world existed, and I had just dragged him into it. 
I clicked my fingers and one of the witches was flung back into a tray of hospital equipment. 
Alice charged and pinned one of witches down, her mouth pulled back in a snarl. She wrapped her hands around her throat and I smelt burning. 
Oh my God, she was burning through her neck! 
A bolt of energy hit me in the shoulder and I stumbled back into the wall, seeing stars. I raised my hand and a blue bolt shot out of my palm and buried itself in the chest of the witch who that attacked me. 
“Harvey, stay down!” I yelled and I twirled my hands around in some strange way that I knew I will never replicate; I was just running on instinct now. Wind whipped my hair and my mouth was filled with the metallic taste that Alice had told me was the ‘taste of magic’. It warned witches when someone around them was performing a spell or a cast, so they could prepare themselves for a potential attack from another witch. “Alice, duck!” 
Red light exploded out of my palms and across the room. Alice dived and dragged Harvey under the bed with her as the red light neared them. 
The smell of burning filled the air and I closed my eyes, not wanting to see what I knew was happening. The four witches were being fried alive by my red light. They were dying and it was my fault. 
My knees gave out and I crumbled to the ground, my eyes still pressed firmly shut. The smell made me want to gag even more than the metallic taste did. 
“It’s okay. Open your eyes, Matt.” My eyes slowly opened and I took in the carnage. The room was a mess, with papers and equipment thrown around and broken. But it was a lot less carnage than I would have thought. 
The witches were simply…dust. There were just four piles of dust on the floor, reminding me of what I had done. But at least their bodies aren’t there, I thought cheerfully. 
“What the hell is going on?” Harvey suddenly yelled, and I felt like saying the same thing. 
Those witches had just tried to kill me! I think I deserved an explanation more than Harvey-I-just-stumbled-onto-an-epic-witch-fight-and-got-out-alive-Grant did. 
“Harvey, what are you talking about?” I said, opting to mess with my stepbrother a bit. We couldn’t have everyone knowing what we were, could we? 
“That fight! You just shot this weird light out of your hands!” Harvey jumped to his feet, his eyes wild. “How can you not remember?” 
“We have no idea what you’re talking about, Harvey,” Alice said, winking at me. “Are you feeling okay? Do you want me to call a doctor?”
“No!” Harvey glared at both of us, raking his hand through his hair and pacing the room. “Oh my God,” Harvey eventually said after he had stopped pacing and yanking his dyed hair out. He was smiling now. “Those people were fighting each other, guys! They must have wiped your memories to keep their identities secret! I knew there was a secret world living in our own!” 
I arched an eyebrow at Alice. She just shrugged and grinned. 
“That must be it, Harvey,” I said. “You saw some mystical battle and then we got brainwashed and you didn’t. That’s really plausible.” 
“It’s real!” Harvey’s smile widened, making him look slightly crazed. “Magic is real!” 

Chapter Sixteen
Alice
My hands shook and my knee bounced. Sammy padded past me, rubbing his sleek body on my leg as he went. 
Holly was sat on Francis’ knee, a frown creasing her face. My father, Michael Connor, was in the other room, making phone calls to every witch he knew. 
My mother, Lillian Connor, was also on the phone, but she was trying to track down the real healers who were supposed to have been sent to aid Matt. 
Matt himself was shaking all over, his hands trembling with excess adrenaline. I took his hand in my own and smiled at him, trying to be reassuring. 
Harvey had gone home to write today’s events in his diary or whatever he meant by ‘record this piece of history’. One could only assume he meant his diary, but you never know. I’m going to have to get Matt to snoop in Harvey’s stuff later to see if he really did have a diary, or if he was really putting it on a blog or something. If that happened then we really would be in trouble. 
Ursula and Matt’s father were sat next to each other on the loveseat, looking equally worried and excited at the same time. They were worried because someone had just tried to assassinate us, but they were also excited because Matt had used magic he didn’t even posses a few days ago to beat them. They knew Matt and I would probably be the strongest witches in Britain soon, if we got the right training. 
“You’d be stronger if you had a coven,” Francis told us. “Coven’s stick together and everyone in a coven can share their energy. It’ll be good for the final battle.”
“Where are we supposed to get a coven from?” I asked, sitting up more. 
“I could be air and Adara could be earth. It all works out.” 
“We’ll need to register as a real coven with the Council of Elders.”
“They won’t deny The Saviours a coven,” Holly said. 
“But they might try to force people we don’t know into the coven,” I said, leaning forward as if that would get my point across. “They want us to be at our best, and are best is not having a coven that consists of two new witches and two other kids. They’ll want the other members to be experienced.”
“But they’ll want the coven to work well together.” 
“Just don’t tell them you’re a coven,” Ursula interjected, catching everyone’s attention. “You can do the blood tie ceremony but just don’t register. You can do that when everything has clamed down and the Council will be more willing to negotiate.”
“Good thinking,” Francis said, grinning. “So, are we going to do a blood tie ceremony?” 
“Not yet,” I said quickly. “It’ll weaken Matt more, and he needs his strength. We should wait until the real healers come first.” I stared at Matt and realised he had dozed off. He was sleeping soundly, even with everyone talking loudly and arguing around him. The poor thing. 
“Francis, help take him home. His bedroom is opposite Alice’s so it should be easy to just blink over and back. He needs all his strength for tomorrow.” Holly stared at Matt’s face, her expression grave.
“Why, what’s happening tomorrow?” Francis asked as he got to his feet. 
“School’s starting.”
“Damn it.” I slammed my head into the table, not very hard but it still hurt. I hated school at the best of times, and with so much going on I do not want to spend whatever time I could spend training for fighting The Old Ones learning trigonometry. 
“Great.” And with that Francis and Matt disappeared, making me feel slightly empty inside. 
“I better check on Kayla,” Matt’s father said, getting to his feet. “That girl is useless with her blood sugar levels.” 
“So are you. I’ll come with so you don’t mess up and accidentally calculate the wrong amount of insulin again.” Ursula snaked her arm around his waist, obviously not trusting him with Kayla. 
After they left, Holly followed shortly. I was alone. Leaning back, I closed my eyes. The day had just been so exhausting, what with the failed assassination and all. 
The world slipped away and sleep finally took me…

The bright blue waves crashed into the cliff, eating away at it, slowly but surely stripping everything from it, like a lover stripping the clothes from their partner. 
I sat up, already opening my mouth to speak with the bloodied girl. 
“Claire,” I said, feeling oddly calm here. It was just…peaceful. 
“Hi, Alice.” Her eyes darted to the side, as if she was scared of The Old Ones coming right now. 
“Is Matt here?” My eyes scanned the beach and I saw him stood in the distance, the wind whipping his clothes around crazily. 
“Is he okay?” 
“He’s grand. Just a little freaked out when he saw his dead sister sat on the sand, covered in blood.”
“He saw you covered in blood before,” I pointed out. 
“He didn’t know I was his sister before,” she countered. She curled her toes in the sand and let the sea lap at her seat as she stared at her baby brother. 
“Those witches took a lot out of him,” I commented, standing beside her.
“The cancer has taken a lot out of him.” Claire looked at me, her eyes moist with unshed tears. “He hasn’t got long left, Alice. He shouldn’t have to deal with all of this.”
“No one should.” 
The wind picked up and the whole world seemed to sway. Claire seemed to fade in and out, like a dodgy hologram, continuously wavering in and out of existence. 
“Claire, you’re fading!” I gasped, falling to my knees. 
“I’m not the one who’s fading. You are.” 


Chapter Seventeen
Matt

Sweat rolled down my face, soaking into my pillow. I gasped and reached around for the light switch. 
The new light cast shadows around the room, and those in the corners seemed like they were reaching out from Hell itself, trying to grab at me. 
I yanked the covers up, as if they would protect me from the monsters under the bed. I consoled myself with the thought that if there really were monsters in the room, they would eat Harvey first. 
“You awake?” I called over at Harvey, who lifted his spiky, black-dyed head from his pillow.
“I am now, idiot,” Harvey said, yawning and stretching like a cat. 
“Have you been researching the supernatural or something?” I eyed the books spread out on the floor. Loads of them had stupid titles like Embrace the Darkness or The forbidden touch. 
“They will tell you nothing about witchcraft. Look in History textbooks.”
“I’m not looking for just witches, Matt.” Harvey rolled his eyes at me as he picked up one of the books. “Those women were just examples of witches.”
“What women?” I grinned, loving that I was confusing Harvey. 
“The women in the room!” 
“What room?”
“The hospital room, Matt! Were you not listening earlier?” 
“I try not to listen to you, Harvey. It hurts my brain when I do.” I couldn’t help widening my grin. It was just so fulfilling to insult and confuse Harvey at the same time. 
“Okay, those women that we saw”– 
“You saw.”
– “We saw, you forgot. I think those women were witches, but if witches are real then what else could be real? Vampires? Werewolves? Demons?”
“That’s just stupid. Vampires? Are you serious?” 
“Not just vampires. Other supernatural things. Like incubi, necromancers, thunderbirds.” 
“Thunderbirds? Like those puppets?”
“No, you imbecile. Thunderbirds are mythical birds that circle sights of disaster.”  
“Okay, then. Just carry on your reading.” I would have to ask Alice if things like that really did exist. I just assumed that we were the only ones, it never even occurred to me that other supernatural beings existed. 
I turned the light out and I could just sense him scowling at me. I quickly turned it on again, realising my mistake. 
“How the hell was I supposed to…?” 
“I’m an idiot. Leave it alone.”
“I already know you are.” I threw my pillow at him and he grinned. “An extra pillow for me!” 
Groaning, I tried to settle down on my pillow-less bed. Harvey cackled like a witch – the pun intended – and flipped through the pages of the stupid books. 
“You should go by that old book shop in town,” I told him, scrunching up a spare blanket Ursula had knitted for me and using it for a pillow. 
“Which one?” 
“The one near school. You know it, it’s really old looking. I think it’s called Jenkins Books. They’ll have some books about the supernatural.”
“Thanks. Maybe I’ll get you a present from the market while I’m at it.”
“Don’t waste your money on a dead man.”
“You’re not dead yet.”

The waves lapped at my feet, and I curled my toes in the wet sand. Salty wind hit me in the face and blew my hair around. 
“You like it here,” Claire commented, walking up beside me. 
Her blood matted hair stuck to her face and crusted bits of blood peeled from her skin. I winced and knelt, already taking my shirt off. I scrunched it up in a ball and dunked it in the water. 
I motioned for her to kneel and she did so. Being gentle, I dabbed the blood with the makeshift towel, slowly but surely taking away the layers of blood. 
“It doesn’t have to be like this,” I said, my hands still moving. “You can fight them.”
“I can’t. I’m just mortal.” I told her to lie back and I slowly scrubbed the blood from her long hair. 
“You can hide.”
“You mean be a coward.” 
“Surviving isn’t cowardly. It is necessary.” 
“I can’t die, Matt!” She jumped her feet, little droplets of seawater flying from her long hair. “Don’t you see? I’m not alive and I’m not dead. I’m damned to eternal punishment for a being a good daughter and sister.”
“I won’t let them hurt you anymore, Claire.”
“You can’t stop them. You can never stop them from taking everything you love.” Claire gazed off into the distance, at the rippling blue waves. Her eyes looked glassy, and I could tell she was holding back tears. 
“We were here right before I died. We all came down to the beach; you and Kayla used to love it here. On the way home, Kayla fell asleep in my lap, and I just listened to her peaceful snoring. One minute everything was fine and the next the car was upside down, rolling along the road. Another driver had hit us, and he had been drinking.” Tears rolled down her cheeks, drying in the wind. “Dad and Kayla were fine, but you broke your leg. I remember seeing your little bent leg and then Dad was scooping you out of the car, tears rolling down his face. It was then that I knew I was dead. He didn’t know I could see everything. He didn’t know when I felt his tears falling on my face as he dragged my lifeless body out of the car to lie alongside Mum’s on the road. I wished I could’ve told him something-anything. But it was too late…” She turned to me, sniffling. “Then this light appeared and two women were there. One was dressed in a business suit and the other was dressed in black rags. I remember what they said. The business suit lady said that ‘the boy is still alive’. And then the other woman, I think she was Death, said that there was still a place in Judgment. She told the businesswoman that she still had to take someone to Judgment, just as she needed to take someone to paradise. They were going to take Mum, so I volunteered. Ever since I’ve been stuck here, and sometimes I get glimpses of your world through the reflection in the water. That’s how I know about Ursula, and I know so much about The Old Ones because the other people stuck here talk. I’ve been watching you for years, Mattie. I never really left you, even when I was dead.”
Tears streaked down my face and I wrapped my arms around Claire. Over her shoulder, I smiled thankfully at Alice, who had just stood their throughout the entire exchange, not interrupting their special time together. 
“Thank you,” I mouthed, pressing my face into Claire’s wet hair. 

Chapter Eighteen
Alice

Ah, the first day of school. 
I dreaded it every time I moved, and every time it seemed to get worse. But at least I already know a few people here, like Matt, and I suppose I could try and be friends with Harvey. Not, not a chance of that. Harvey was…a lot to handle. 
People stared as I walked down the corridor, and I tried to hold my head at least as high as the Empire State building. 
“Alice!” I turned and was enveloped in strong arms. 
Inhaling the scent of Matt, I kissed him on the lips, making sure everyone staring saw. 
“It seems like all of our classes are the same,” Matt said when he inspected my timetable. 
“Hmm, just like magic.” I winked at him and carried on walking, feeling confident now that I was with Matt. Like nothing could hurt me. 
A small girl ran up to Matt, her auburn ponytail flying behind her. Her glasses were slightly crooked and she clutched a stack of books to her flat chest. Even though she looked young, it seemed like she was wearing her own type of school uniform; she wore stockings and a skirt, with a blouse and cardigan, but none of her clothes were the actual uniform. So either she was a rebel or she was in Sixth Form. Probably the latter, I thought, nodding to myself. 
“Matt, I’ve wanted to talk to you for ages!” the girl said, a little flushed from her running. 
I arched an eyebrow at Matt who just shrugged. “Kat, hey. I didn’t even know you knew me.”
“My dad, he told me about you. He mentioned you and I told him I was in your class” – I knew she was in our year!– “He told me what was wrong just in case you needed anyone to talk to at school.”
“Has your dad ever heard of patient confidentiality? It doesn’t matter, really, because he already has me to talk to.” I stepped in front of the girl, glad that Adara had made me wear heels today. I could tower over the girl. 
What? Me? Jealous? Of course not! 
“I’m all he needs.” 
“You know everything?” Kat looked sceptical that I knew what she was talking about. 
“I know more than just everything, so run along, little girl.”
“How could you fall for someone like that?” Kat asked Matt before hurrying away, getting lost in the crowds of people pushing through the corridor. 
Someone shoved into me and I stumbled, slamming into a locker. Matt grabbed me and tried to keep me on my stupid-heeled feet. 
I glared at the person who shoved me. “Don’t push. You could kill someone.”
“Shut up, bitch!” he replied, laughing with his stupid friends. 
“Goddess of the earth and sea, of flame and wind, I call upon you now;
Make these boys learn their lesson
And make them bow
To your beautiful glory!”
“Alice, don’t!” Matt yelled, grabbing my face in his hands and pressing his soft lips against mine in an attempt to calm me. 
“Too late,” I whispered, staring into his purple eyes. My eyes. 
I heard a scream and the boy that had pushed me fell to the ground, rolling around in pain. His friends soon joined him, each of them dropping individually. 
None of them would have any damage done to them, but I’m pretty sure it would teach them a lesson. 
People stared in horror at the writhing boys, edging past them in the corridors to make it to their lessons. No one stopped to help, but a few people did yell for teachers before they carried on walking. 
Some even laughed at them. They must have thought they were joking around, I thought. Well, I must have just met the jokers in school, then. 
Matt looked disappointed, but still a little pleased. It showed just how strong our powers really were. 
Walking hand-in-hand down the corridor, I stepped over the crying boys, trying my best to suppress a smile. I was just about to leave when I realised the message probably wasn’t clear. 
Kneeling next to the obvious leader of the group, I swept my dark hair out of my face to make sure he saw my face properly before he passed out from the pain. 
“Don’t shove people,” I said to him, keeping my voice just above a whisper. “This is a Church of England school, is it not? Have you never heard of loving your neighbour as you love yourself? Just think about it next time you decide to show off.” He stared at me with frightful, tear filled eyes. I continued, ignoring his cries. “If you ever do that again, and I’m not kidding here, I will come and I will do something worse next time. Oh, and don’t tell anyone about our little exchange. Good boy.”
He whimpered and finally blacked out. Going back to Matt, I smiled to myself. The people here really needed to have a little authority. 

Chapter Nineteen
Matt
I couldn’t believe Alice had really done that. I know those boys had shoved her, but did they really deserve…that? 
She continued as if nothing had happened, dragging me down the corridor. An awful dread created a pit in my stomach, reminding me of what Alice had just done – what magic had just done. I shrugged it off and stopped her in the middle of the corridor. 
“What?” she said as I stared at her beautiful face. 
“You look amazing when you’re angry.” I pushed her against the locker, and dug my fingers in her dark brown hair. Her lips found mine and her mouth parted, creating a path for my tongue to wonder. 
She arched her back and I moved my hands down her, rubbing up and down her body. Alice crushed her mouth more forcefully against mine and she wrapped her legs around my waist. I pushed her into the locker again and the locks jingled. 
Doors of the lockers all along the corridor opened and closed, slamming and making the few students watching us scatter like when a child runs through a group of pigeons. The lights overhead flickered, as if the school had a poltergeist, not just two teenage witches. 
“No public display’s of magic, you two.” Hands grabbed us and Alice and I were pulled apart. 
“Adara!” Alice groaned, trying to fix her hair. “Can I not have any happiness?”
“Not when you’re showing off your magic skills!” Francis said, Holly at his side. 
“What year are you in, dude?” I asked. I had figured he was a lot older, since he had a pregnant fiancée. 
“No year, dude. I’m twenty-five. I’m your new English teacher.”
“Huh? You look like eighteen.” 
Francis smiled. “That’s why I always have to have my I.D on me.”
“So he’s the oldest out of you lot?” I asked Alice and Adara. 
“Yup, he’s the oldest, and then it’s Bethany at twenty-three, then it’s me and Adara at sixteen, Sally at fifteen and little Gemma at thirteen. But Gemma’s my cousin.” Alice squeezed my hand, sending tingles up my arm. 
“There are loads of you.” Well done, Matt. I was so eloquent when Alice and her family were around. Well, I wasn’t really that eloquent when anyone was around, so I couldn’t really say anything about Alice and her family dampening my English skills. 
“We know. Dad wanted another boy but I think after Sally was born he realised it wasn’t happening. He knew that would probably happen because statistically more female witches are born than male ones.”
“This was a nice chat,” Francis said, already pulling Holly down the corridor with him. “I really need to get back to class and observe my favourite new teaching assistant.” 
Holly smiled up at him and he kissed her, wrapping his arms around her. 
“Ugh, can everyone please stop snogging each other in front of me? I’m going to be scarred for life.” 
“Shut up, Adara.” Francis turned to me and Alice. “And you two, no more displays of magic.” And with that Francis and Holly disappeared down the corridor. 
“Behold, I have arrived! Bow down to me, peasants!” 
I stared at Dan Norris, really not feeling in the mood for whatever he was going to say. My best friend grinned, tipping his flat-cap to the side. Dan dressed…weird. His brown hair was mused, but you couldn’t really tell with the hat, and he wore baggy jeans that looked like they were going to drop off. Dan wore a white shirt with a picture of a smiley face on, and over that he had his older brother’s old army jacket. He also wore his dog tags, which he rarely took off. Anthony’s death had taken a massive toll on Dan, and I knew he’d never be the same. 
“What is it, Dan? Shouldn’t you be in class?” 
“I’ve got a free period.” Dan then noticed the girls, and his jaw hit the floor. “Mattie, who are these lovely young ladies?” 
“This is my girlfriend, Alice, and her twin, Adara,” I told him, watching his eyes pop out of his face. 
“Well, hello ladies.” Dan turned on his non-existent charm, leaning against the lockers and crossing his arms. He turned his not-so-dazzling smile on Adara. “Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?”
Adara rolled her eyes and stepped away from Dan, disgust on her face. “It’s gonna hurt when I smack you in the face.”
“Don’t be like that!” Dan smiled dreamily at Adara, moving closer to her. “Here’s a fun fact for you: you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen in my entire life.”
“I’m leaving. He’s creeping me out and I’ve not conveniently got a free period like you three.” Adara clicked her fingers and disappeared, causing Alice and me to just stare at the empty space, unable to understand what Adara had just done.  
“Um. What just…?” Dan gaped at the empty space. 
“Great, Adara, thank you,” I muttered as Dan’s eyes rolled back in his head and he collapsed to the ground with an awful sound of his skull smacking the tiled floors. 
“Dan!” 
My vision dimmed, and I staggered, falling into one of the lockers. Alice hit her head on a lock when she fell, and a trickle of blood ran down her face. 
The darkness finally pressed down on me so much it felt like I was falling into it. All I could think was one word:
Judgment. 

Chapter Twenty
Alice
The wind smacked me in the face and I groaned, rolling over in the sand. Matt got to his feet, stretching out and checking he was in one piece. 
“You two, it’s good to see you again.” Claire walked across the beach, her feet sinking into the soft sand. Her hair was still clean, so I had to assume The Old Ones hadn’t attacked her since yesterday night. 
“And you, Claire.” I said to her, not wanting to get up yet. I could just lay in the sand forever…
“Come here and give your big sister a hug!” Claire demanded, waving her arms around and beckoning to Matt. 
Matt just shrugged and walked over to her. She was a blur of motion and then she was on him, her arms wrapped around him, her forehead pressed into his neck. Matt awkwardly patted her on the back, trying not to seem too stiff and emotionless. 
“Where the hell am I?” 
A figure came staggering down the beach, holding his head. I stared at him, unable to believe it. 
Dan Norris stumbled up to us, the back of his head bleeding onto his flat-cap. I gasped, and crawled backwards away. 
Dan couldn’t be here…
No, no, no…
“Huh?” Claire said. “Dan? Mattie, what did you do?” She turned her piercing blue eyes on her brother, staring at him accusingly. 
“I didn’t do anything!” Matt said, holding his hands up innocently. 
“Sure you didn’t,” Claire said sarcastically, marching over to Dan. 
“Where the hell am I?” Dan repeated, looking sick to his stomach. 
“You’re in Judgment,” Claire said in a clear, flat voice, walking in a circle around Dan. “If you’re going to survive your visits here, then you’re going to have to know everything.” Claire looked at Matt and I, and I slowly got to my feet, trying to stop the world from swaying as I did so. 
“Dan, there are a few things I haven’t told you,” Matt said. “Maybe we should all sit down before we start.” 
And that’s what we did. I sat next to Matt on the sand, my head resting on his shoulder and Dan and Claire sat opposite us. We looked like a very strange group of friends, what with Dan’s clothing choice and Claire’s bloodied and ripped dress. Matt and I were strange as well; we were witches. There’s something about witches that makes human’s know something is off when they meet you. They can’t put their finger on it, but they know you’re not like them. 
“I’m a warlock, Dan,” Matt said simply, and I watched Dan’s reaction. He wasn’t freaked out or anything, he just sat there, staring at Matt. And then he started laughing, but it wasn’t a normal laugh; it sounded strained, as if Dan wanted this to be a joke but he secretly knew it was true. 
“It’s true, Danny,” Claire said, patting him on the back. “Matt’s a warlock and Alice is a witch. And I’m dead.”
Dan flinched and backed away from her, scooting on his bum across the sand, his eyes wild. He pointed a long white finger at Claire, obviously not believing it. 
“I’m Claire, Danny. I used to baby sit you when you were a baby and you’ve seen pictures of me in Matt’s house. I died, Danny. You know what I’m saying is true.”
“Claire?” Dan stared at her, unbelieving. 
“It’s me, Danny.” She smiled at him, tears welling up in her eyes as she did so. 
“Oh my God, am I dead?”
Her smile faltered. “No. You’re definitely not dead. You’ve just been transported here by something.” She looked at Matt and me pleadingly. “Matt and Alice will explain it better.”
So we did. Matt and I took turns telling the story, telling Dan about the Prophecy and The Old Ones, and, of course, Judgment. 
“So we’re in danger?” Dan’s eyes bugged out of his head as he glanced around, as if expecting an attack from The Old Ones at any minute. 
“Not really. We usually go home before anything dangerous happens.” 
“But what if we don’t?” 
“We will.” I said firmly. “We have to.”
“’Cause I really trust you two at the moment,” Dan said dryly.
“You have to if you want to survive.” I got to my feet, brushing the sand from myself. Dan touched the back of his head and winced, bringing his hand back bloodied. 
“Do you want me to take care of that?” I pointed at his wound and before he could respond I was already behind him, placing my hands on the injury. My forehead was already bleeding, so I didn’t need to cut myself again. God, I sounded like a creepy emo or something. 
Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

I call upon you
To help me heal an injured friend
And give him courage
In these tough times 
I call upon you
To help give him strength
And help guide us home.”
My hand warmed up and I could hear the hum of energy in the air. Grinning, I released the power into Dan’s head, making him jerk up in surprise. 
“What?” I said when it was done. “Didn’t you really believe I was a witch?”
“Um…” Dan crumpled in on himself and fell forwards into the sand. I stifled a laugh. 
Why did Dan faint so often? 
“My friend is so manly,” Matt said, poking Dan in the arm. 
The unconscious boy didn’t even move. Matt poked him in the face. “I’m really tempted to get a pen and draw a moustache on him.”
“You don’t even have a pen. All the pens and stuff were left in our world,” I told him, patting him on the arm to console him on the fact that he couldn’t draw on his best friend’s face. 
“What are you talking about, girl?” Claire glared at me. “We do have pens. This is a copy of your world, so we have all of the technology.”
“Like tablets and computers?” Matt asked. 
“We don’t have internet, dummy.” She flicked Matt in the forehead with her chipped and broken nails. 
“Well I’m sorry for asking, but you could still use the apps.”
“Not if you have to use the internet to get the apps.” Claire rolled her eyes at her younger brother. “I seriously wonder about your brain sometimes, Mattie.”
The world tilted and I fell to my knees. Stars danced in my vision and I fell to my side, my hair fanning out around me, mixing with the tiny grains of sand. 
My vision dimmed and I was transported back to my own world…

Chapter Twenty-One
Matt
I slowly opened my eyes, not wanting to return home. The fluorescent lights flickered overhead, and I groaned, slowly pulling myself up into a sitting position. 
My back hit the cool metal of a locker and I leaned my head against it, trying to ignore the persistent gnawing in my stomach. Nausea rolled through me and I couldn’t help it; I threw up on the tiled floors, probably only cleaned this morning. 
“Matt, are you okay?” Alice was right there, stroking my hair as I tried to stop throwing up on the floor. 
“I’m…grand!” I managed to wheeze, wiping my mouth with a tissue and spitting into it. 
“Matt!” Kat Allen jumped over Dan’s still form to reach us. 
Her auburn hair was messy and her shirt wasn’t tucked in, so this obviously shocked me; Kat was a neat freak, and a stickler for all the rules such as tucking your shirt in. And, shock/horror, she appeared to have been running. 
“Matt, an ambulance is on its way, for all of you.” Kat stared at the carnage, at my puke, Dan’s unconscious form, and the small cut that had formed when Alice had hit her head on a locker on her way to Judgment. 
“Huh?” Alice said, rubbing her forehead. 
“I saw you all just talking in the corridor, and Dan just collapsed. Then you and Alice followed, and I just panicked. I ran to the teacher’s lounge but no one was in there, so I had to run for the office. Mrs Bradbury’s following, but she’s a little slow.” 
It was just then that Mrs Bradbury, the school secretary, rounded the corner, a mobile phone clutched in her fleshy hands. 
“I’m getting worse,” I told Alice, keeping my voice just above a whisper. “Your mum needs to get in contact with those healers, or I’m going to die soon.”
“I won’t let you die.” She kissed me, and I pulled her into my lap. The gnawing faded and I grinned at her. “You’re better than any drug I know, Alice.”
“I know.” She dipped her head closer to mine and tugged at my bottom lip with her teeth before slowly pressing her lips against mine. 
“I love you, Alice Connor,” I breathed. 

The beeping machines yet again annoyed me. I drummed my fingers on the metal bars to each side of me as I was wheeled down the corridor, towards the paediatric ward. 
Alice passed me on the way, being pushed around in a fancy wheelchair that looked way more fun to be in than my stupid bed, which was going to the cancer ward that I had spent way too much time on.  
“How are you doing?” Alice asked when both of the people taking us to where we needed to be stopped to have a chat with each other. I think they sensed Alice and I wanted to talk. 
“Fine. Heard anything about Dan?”
“Nope. I think he’s still unconscious,” Alice responded, leaning out of the wheelchair to give me a kiss. “It’s weird, isn’t it? Dan going to Judgment, I mean.”
“Maybe we’ll get some answers soon.” 
“Hopefully,” Alice said, but she looked doubtful. 

“Matt, what happened?” Ursula asked while she closed the door behind her. She turned to face me, her expression questioning just like her tone. 
She stared at me with old, worried eyes. She wasn’t worried about me as a person though; she only cared about doing her job. 
“No time for hello nowadays?”
“The fate of the world is in your hands, Matt. There’s no time for anything now.” 
“Are you saying I can’t handle it? Don’t you think I’ll be able to pull it off?”
“No one can handle it. And you’re just a kid; you can’t be expected to do this alone.”
“I’ve got Alice.”
“But you’re both kids! You can’t handle this!”
“But I have to.” I stood, facing her. “I can’t just act like a baby, or people will get hurt. My friends will get hurt.”
“But you’re can’t handle the pressure!” Ursula yelled. “You’re dying, Matt. You shouldn’t have to put up with this.”
“Stop arguing!” I jerked back in shock as Harvey burst into the room, his eyes wild. He slammed the door shut behind him and repeated his words, but this time calmer. “Stop arguing.” 
“Oh, Harvey,” Ursula said, her focus shifting to her only child. “Matt and I were just having a chat.”
“A chat? You were yelling; I could hear you in the corridor.” 
“We were having a heated discussion,” I said, ripping the needles out of my skin and pulling my shoes on. I zipped up my hoodie over my bleeding arms and started for the door. 
“You still haven’t answered me,” Ursula said, clicking her fingers at the same time. “What happened?”
“I can’t tell you with Harvey…” My words died on my lips as I stared at Harvey. He was completely frozen in place, as if someone had just hit pause on his life. 
“Tell me now. I can only keep this up for so long.”
So I told her. I told her about Adara disappearing, and Dan fainting. And then what we told Dan in Judgment, about how we revealed our secrets to him. 
“You shouldn’t have told him. Mortals rarely act well when they are told about magic.”
“He had a right to know,” I said to her, opening the door. “And I have a right to leave.” 
I marched right out of the room, heading for where Alice was. I was running on pure instinct now; Alice had never told me where she was, but I just knew, somehow. Maybe it was because we were The Saviours, or just that we had shared the same Manifestation. Or that we were growing into powerful witches. Or warlocks, whichever you prefer. I think I like witches better, even if it is girly. 
“Matt?” Alice looked up from her book, startled at my sudden arrival. 
“Come on, Alice. We don’t need to stay here.” I grabbed her arm and hauled her up.  
“Where are we going?” 
“Anywhere.”


Chapter Twenty-Two
Alice

I followed Matt, grinning like the idiot I was. If I could, I would follow Matt to Hell and back, or just plain old Judgment and back, the closest thing to Hell I know. 
“Come on,” Matt said to me, taking my hand and leading me across the hospital car park.  
“We don’t have any money to go anywhere!” I informed him as he stopped at the bus shelter. 
“Yes we do.” He clicked his fingers and five twenty-pound-notes appeared in his hand. “You’ve seriously never thought to use magic like that?”
“I’ve never needed to,” I said. “My dad usually just buys me things.”
“And where does he get that money from?”
“The bank.” I sat in the bus shelter, crossing my arms over my chest. “Why do we need to get the bus? We can just teleport anywhere.” 
“I want to act normal for one night!” Matt said to me. 
“You want to act normal by using magic to obtain money?” I rolled my eyes at him. “You’ve got no logic, Matt.”
“I know,” he said simply as the bus pulled up. 
“Where does this go?” I questioned as we sat at the back of the empty bus. 
“I don’t know.” He stuck his hands in his pockets and leaned back, a grin on his face. 
“You don’t know where we’re going? Matt, this could take us anywhere! This could take us right into the clutches of the Dark Witches!”
“But what are the chances?”
“The chances are very high!” I didn’t know why I was so angry, but now that I was I couldn’t stop. “All of the Dark Witches want us dead! They’ll have people following us!”
“Don’t be such a downer!” Matt said. “I’m just trying to have a little carefree fun before we have to save the world and I die!” 
The bus stopped again and a group of teenagers got on. The rest of the bus was empty, yet they did their swagger-walk up to the back and decided to crowd in around Matt and me. 
“Hey, love,” one of them said to me, his breath reeking of alcohol. He leaned right into my personal space, getting his cigarette and booze stench all over me. 
I tried to ignore him, but he kept leaning in closer and closer. 
“Get the hell away from my girlfriend or I swear to God, or Goddesses, or whatever the hell orchestrated this whole damn world, that I will hurt you.” Matt was angry. I could feel the power radiating from him, the magic leaking from his pores. He was going to be an amazing warlock, I could tell. 
“How will you do that?” another asked. “You couldn’t fight your way out of a paper bag.” 
“It wouldn’t we smart to underestimate me,” Matt said, his tone alone a warning. 
“Ooh, I’m scared!” he said and Matt just clicked his fingers. 
The boy was flung back against the window, his head cracking against the glass. Blood smeared it as he slipped down into a seat, and his eyes rolled back into his head. 
“Jesus!” The rest of them jumped away from us, and I just groaned. Matt was exposing what we were in front of these mortals, but somehow I could only care a little bit. These were the lowest of the mortal society, and I think they deserved to have a little respect for others scared into them. 
I snapped my fingers and the whole bus lurched to a stop, and I made sure the driver was frozen in place so he didn’t investigate the commotion. 
The teenagers were all cowering right at the back of the bus, practically crapping themselves with fear. 
“You don’t mess with us,” I said to them, trying not to laugh. “We are more powerful than you can possibly imagine.” 
“We are like gods compared to you!” Matt yelled, winking at me as he did so. “Do you see the power we wield?” Matt held his arm out and a small flame appeared, cupped in his palm. “We can create life.” The flame died as a grin spread on Matt’s face. “And we can take it away.”
“All of that with just a simple click of our fingers,” I said, holding up my hand. “Simple.”
As I clicked my fingers, one of them began screaming hysterically. I laughed as the bus began to move again. The teenagers just stared at me, their eyes wide and mouths open in shock.
“I could kill you,” I said, walking down the aisle and trailing my hand on the plastic seats. “But I won’t. I probably would have killed you if I really was that bothered, but I’m not, so just go before I change my mind.” 
None of them moved. 
They probably thought it was a trick, didn’t they? 
“Now!” Power crackled in the air and the teenagers all seemed to move at once. 
They all scrambled to get off the bus, tripping and shoving each other so they could get off first. 
Oh, and if I ever see or hear about one of you harassing someone again, I will hurt you.
I sent that mental thought after them, knowing each of them would get it. 
Matt grinned at me after all of them had disappeared off the bus, and I gave him a high-five. After that, he wrapped his arms around me, kissing at me passionately. 
“On a bus? Really?” I arched an eyebrow at him.
“Why not?” 
“Because it’s on a bus.” I walked down the aisle, heading for the door. “Anyway, I’m starving. How about a kebab?” 
“Sounds disgustingly greasy.”
“Sounds amazing, you mean.” 
“Not exactly what I meant.”
I shrugged and stepped off the bus, waving goodbye to a puzzled driver. He just stared at me as I skipped down the street, looking like a complete and utter fool. 
Matt ran behind me, trying to catch me up. I slowed down my stupid-induced skipping to walk beside him. 
“This must be what normal couples do.” Matt held up our conjoined hands, grinning at me. 
“We are not a normal couple,” I told him. 
“But maybe, just maybe, we can be tonight.”

Chapter Twenty-Three
Matt


I leaned against the counter, trying not to gag at the various greasy smells assaulting my poor, poor nose. 
“What do you want?” the man asked, looking bored out of his mind. 
“I’ll have a burger and chips, and she’ll have a kebab and chips.”
“Would you like a drink with that?”
“Coke.” Alice kicked me in the leg. “Diet Coke, I mean.” 
“Hmm.” The bloke had to suppress a smile, and I found it kind of strange that everyone in this takeaway had no idea what Alice and I were. We were witches, and we were supposed to save the world, but to everyone else we were a strange teenage couple. Well, I guess we still are a strange teenage couple, but at least we’re a little more than just that. 
“The kebab’s probably going to be too much for the little lady,” the man commented, looking Alice up and down. 
“Trust me,” Alice said, “you don’t want to underestimate me. Matt and I will sit in here and eat just to prove I can eat it. Won’t we, Matt?”
I nodded dumbly. 

So that’s what we did. Alice and I sat at the only table in the takeaway and started eating. 
Alice kept shooting glares at the man behind the counter, and he just continued to smirk at her, not believing she could actually do it. 
“Do you want that?” Alice nodded at my half-eaten burger, her eyes hungry. 
“Naw, I’ve not got much of an appetite nowadays,” I said, pushing my burger over to her. 
She devoured it, only stopping to take slurps of her Diet Coke. I leaned back, twiddled a greasy chip between my fingers as I watched Alice eat. 
The gnawing into my back reappeared, but I didn’t let the pain show on my face. Alice and I were having a ‘normal’ night out, and my stupid disease would not ruin it. 
“You really destroyed that kebab,” I told her, plopping the chip inside my mouth and chewing, not really tasting it at all. 
“It’s my practice for destroying The Old Ones.”
I arched my eyebrow. “You’re going to eat them?”
“Of course not!” She slapped my arm, laughing. “But imagine their faces if we fought them with a knife and fork?”
“They would not be amused.”
We stood and Alice made sure to bask in her victory, grinning at the man behind the counter. 
He simply nodded at her and began to serve another person. Alice skipped along the street and I just followed her, smiling. 
Rain began to fall, but I didn’t mind. It refreshed me, making me more energised in a way. There was something about rain that was just so…nice. I know nice isn’t good word choice, but there is no other way to describe it. 
Suddenly, Alice whirled around, a massive grin on her face. 
“I’m ready,” she said simply. 
I walked up to her, raking my hand through my wet hair. “For what?”
“You know what.”
“Huh?” I really wasn’t getting it. 
“You know, canoodling.”
“Canoodling? Alice, do you even know what that means?”
“I know what it means: to kiss or cuddle in a mildly sexual or romantic way. But I don’t want to say the real word for what I want to say, so that’s close enough.”
“Alice, just tell me what you mean,” I said, tired of playing around.  
“Making love, Matt,” Alice said, shocking me right down to my core. 
“Uh, we’ve never really discussed the issue of ‘canoodling’, Alice,” I said, my cheeks burning brighter than the surface of the sun. 
“I know, but with your impending death and the fight with The Old Ones coming up, we’re never really going to have the chance. Matt, you know that The Old Ones will probably kill us both and if we don’t do it now, we never will.”
“But I’ve never done it before.”
“Neither have I. It’s going to be an adventure!” Alice grabbed my wrist and we appeared suspended above her bed. We crashed down to the comfy mattress. 
“Are we seriously going to do this now?” 
Alice nodded but then shook her head immediately. “My parents are in. We can’t do it here. What about your place?”
I shook my head. “I share a room with Harvey. I don’t want to do it with the fear that he’ll walk in.”
“Um, how about a hotel?”
“I don’t think they’ll let two opposite gender minors get a room together,” I told her, and then an idea formed in my mind. “We can go to Dan’s.”
“Dan’s?” She wrinkled her nose. 
“His mum works night shift at the hospital and his brother’s…gone. It’ll be perfect. No one’s there.”
“No one?”
“No one at all. Dan’s still in shock at the hospital.”
“The doctor’s never said he was in shock,” Alice said, confused. 
“But we know better. Anyone would be in shock after being told all that. Heck, I’m still in shock.”
“What are we waiting for, Matt?” 
“Nothing.” I pressed my lips against hers and we both disappeared. We appeared in Dan’s house, and I saluted the picture of Anthony, like I always did when I visited, and picked Alice up.
She squealed as I carried her up the stairs. To be honest, I was using magic to help me, but she didn’t need to know that. 
The metallic taste burst in my mouth and Alice realised what I was doing. She laughed and hit my shoulder playfully. 
“What? You’re heavy-” I didn’t get to finish my sentence when everything became blurred. Alice slumped in my grip, seemingly unconscious. 
I stumbled into the wall and Alice slipped from my grip. Her limp body crashed to the carpet, and her hair fell in front of her face. 
Falling through the air, I waited for the impact. It never came; instead I fell into the welcoming arms of darkness. 

Part Two
Chapter One
Dan

The doctor sent me home with a pack of pills for something I couldn’t be bothered to know, with specific instructions to call 999 if I died or something like that. I didn’t really listen, to be honest. 
I stepped over the threshold, dropping my keys on the hook I had made in woodwork last year. My mother had pretended she liked the key-hook, but we both know it’s shocking. I had gotten a C for it, but that was only because my brother had just died. 
Speaking of my brother, I nodded at the picture. I would discuss today’s events with him later, wherever he was now. What Matt had told me today had given me a whole different perspective on matters of life and death. 
“Mum?” I yelled.
I knew she wouldn’t be here, but I yelled anyway. The house was eerily quiet. 
“Time for sleep, Anthony,” I told him, heading upstairs. 
The carpet sunk beneath my feet as I climbed the stairs. What I saw when I reached the landing froze me in place, and I swear to God that I almost fainted again. 
Matt and Alice lay sprawled on the carpet, completely dead to the world. I just stood frozen for a minute, not knowing what to do. 
I could tell this had something to do with what they had told me earlier. 
No shit, Sherlock, I thought. 
And then my brain actually started working and I ran over to Matt. He was unconscious, completely unresponsive. So was Alice. 
I grabbed my phone and dialled Matt’s dad. Ursula answered on the first ring, her voice angry. 
“Dan, is Matt with you?” Wow, she was angry. I could just tell. 
“Um, kind of.”

I sat with my head in my hands as Ursula and the Connor family rushed around my house. Matt’s dad sat next to me, looking tired and unshaven. 
I guess I would look like that if I actually had some facial hair. Right now I’ll just have to settle for the looking tired part.
Lillian Connor came in, looking as equally tired as Matt’s dad and step-mum. She looked at me, her expression grave. 
“Dan, we need to use your house. Matt and Alice shouldn’t be moved far in their condition. Using teleportation may worsen their state – we don’t know if this is magic or just normal poison, so the use of magic might worsen them.” Lillian paused, thinking about what to say next. “Dan, they’re very sick, so a lot of people are going to come around to try and fix them. Is that okay?”
“It’s fine, but what happened to them?”
“I don’t know why they’re here, but they both have been poisoned.”
“Poisoned? Why would anyone want to poison them?”
“Because some people want The Old Ones to rise, Dan. The world we live in is a dangerous one, with dangerous people.”
“Yeah, it’s dangerous; I know that more than anyone.” My gaze shifted to the picture of Anthony, posed in his army uniform.
“So you know why they are in danger,” Lillian said, settling down on the sofa opposite me. “We never thought anyone would poison them. We always figured they’d get attacked or something, but this…this is just sneaky and cowardly.”
“It just shows what some people would do for their cause,” Michael Connor said, sitting next to his wife. He turned to face me, and I have to admit, I’m a little scared of him. He’s massive and powerful and…magic! “Dan, many witches are going to come to this house to try and put right whatever this poison put wrong. They’re going to put a façade on this house. It will make it seem as if it has disappeared, and there will just be a patch of glass in its place.”
“What about the neighbours, won’t they notice?”
Michael Connor grinned, showing me his pearly white teeth. But it wasn’t a nice smile; it was sad, as if he was trying to make things seem better when we all knew we were screwed. “That’s the beauty of the façade. The neighbours won’t remember it. They will know something isn’t right, but they will not be able to tell what.”
“And I’ll still be able to stay here?” 
“Yes, but just be careful when leaving the house. If you think anyone is following you, try to lose them and call me immediately.” He gave me his mobile number, and the number of his eldest, Francis. 
“Oh, and all of us are going to be staying with you,” Lillian said. 
“Great,” I lied with fake enthusiasm. “But what about my mum?”
“Your mother has just been given a free holiday to Spain for four weeks, so she shouldn’t be a problem.”
“She wouldn’t just leave without me, not for an entire month.”
“I did some simple mind tricks on her. She thinks you’re with her, but really she’s just with a young apprentice of mine. She won’t know the difference.”
“So someone else is having a lovely holiday with my mother?”
“Exactly.” Michael nodded. 
“Great, but at least she’s safe. She is safe, isn’t she?”
“She should be safe as long as she’s with my apprentice.”
“That fills me with confidence.”
“It wasn’t supposed to.”
“I know,” I said sadly, leaning back and closing my eyes. 
Witches and warlocks were going to be all over my house, in my personal space. I would have no privacy now, and with my luck I’ll probably be there for the big showdown between The Old Ones and Matt and Alice…

“You are going to be there,” a voice said and my eyes shot open. 
I sat up with a jolt, staring at Matt’s dead older sister. She smiled at me and helped me to my feet. 
“I’m going to be where?”
“At the final battle,” Claire said simply, walking ahead of me. 
“How do you know?” 
Claire shot me a dark look. “The witches here talk. Most of them have visions, and in each one it shows the final battle, and each time they speak of a dark haired bumbling buffoon. It has to be you.” 
“Thanks.”
“Dan, I just want to tell you to stay safe. You have to be there at the end.”
“Why?”
“You just do.”

Chapter Two
Adara

All of the boy’s stared as I strutted down the corridor, clutching textbooks to my chest. 
“Where is Matt?” 
The persistent little girl followed me, asking the same thing over and over again. I couldn’t tell her the truth, so I just ignored her. 
I didn’t like lying. 
“Tell me where he is! Adara, you know what’s going on. Matt, your sister, and Dan are all absent today, and I know the English teacher is your brother, and he’s mysteriously missing as well! You’re hiding something!”
“I am not going to tell you.” I stopped suddenly, towering over the tiny girl. “I would recommend that you leave me alone, or things are going to get ugly.”
“I need to know where he is – he’s sick, Adara. I don’t want your family dragging him into things, getting him in trouble. Just let him live the rest of his life in peace.”
“You don’t know anything, Kitty.”
“My name is Kat!” 
“Well, Kat, you should just stay out of things that don’t concern you, or you could get hurt.”
“Is that a threat?”
“No, and I don’t want to end up threatening you, but I might have to. Just stay out of it if you know what’s good for you.”
“I don’t like your tone.”
“And I don’t like you. Period.”
“Rude!”
“I don’t care!” I stomped off just as Holly Blackwell came out of Francis’ classroom. She was covering for him today, since he was gone at such short notice. 
“Adara, may I speak with you for a minute?” Holly asked, speaking in her formal voice. 
Kat laughed as I turned around and walked into Holly’s classroom. She didn’t realise that Holly was practically my sister, but she was, in Alice’s words, ‘canoodling’ my brother. 
“Yeah?” I said, leaning on Francis/Holly’s desk. 
“Don’t shout at the mortals,” Holly said, sitting down at the desk. 
“She was annoying me,” I said simply, sitting down on one of the desks and folding one leg over the other. 
Holly’s eyes widened. “Adara, you weren’t wearing that this morning.”
“Girl, you’ve known me a while now, so I can’t believe that you don’t know that I do this,” I said, leaning back on my elbows. “I always bring a change of clothes to school. I change halfway through period three, so I naturally make the teachers think they’re batshit crazy, but it’s just to keep it fresh. Don’t you like?” I gestured down at the miniskirt plus top and bright blue fashion blazer. 
“It’s a little…inappropriate,” Holly finally said, holding her hands in her lap. She was wearing a knee-length skirt with a plain blouse and a green cardigan. She looked down at herself. “You should wear more appropriate school attire, like my clothes.”
“Listen, I’m not going to wear your clothes. Anyway, I’m at least two sizes too small for your clothes” – Holly glared at me – “I mean that you’re pregnant, dumbo. I’m not calling you fat.” 
“My clothes aren’t that bad,” Holly said, offended. “I actually think I’m quite attractive in these clothes.”
“You look like a librarian. Anyway, you’re way too old to know the style nowadays.”
Now Holly looked even more offended, if it were possible. “I’m twenty-four, Adara.”
“Exactly, you’re ancient.”
Holly’s jaw practically hit the ground. 
The bell rang, and I jumped off the desk. I marched over to the door and walked away, waving goodbye to a stunned Holly. 
Kat Allen was waiting for me in the corridor. She pushed herself off a locker and marched up to me, trying to look intimidating despite her height. 
“What is it, Kitty?” 
“My name is Kat, Adara.” She kept my pace as we walked through the maze of corridors. To be honest, I tried speeding up and losing her, but she was a persistent little bugger. 
“What is your problem, Kat?” I rounded on her, pinning her against a locker. 
She fought against me but I pinned her arms down. 
“I know you know something.” I glared at her, trying to force my way into her mind. It was like she put a force field up over her mind, blocking attacks such as my own. 
“How are you doing that?” I slapped her, opting for the physical route of getting information. 
And then there was the pain. It felt like tiny little needles were jabbing at my brain. 
I screamed and fell to my knees, clutching my skull. 
Kat stepped forward, her forehead scrunched up in concentration. “Do not do that again, Adara.”
“Trust me, I won’t!” I gasped, holding my head in my hands. I finally looked up at her when all of the pain had ebbed away. “What are you?”
“I’m psychic, Adara.”
“Someone on your family’s line must be a witch then,” I said, understanding now. “You got some of the powers but not all of them. You don’t class as a witch.”
Kat Allen nodded. 
“You’re just a mortal with slightly altered senses,” I continued. There were lots of cases of psychic mortals because an ancestor of theirs had been a witch or a warlock. 
“Yes, and I know that you’re a witch. You’re not very inconspicuous, you know. I could spot you from a mile off.”
“Or maybe it was just because of your psychic-ness,” I suggested. “I’ve never been spotted before.”
“That’s because when people look at you, they see something different. It’s because they have no idea that witches are real.”
“How do you know that witches are real?”
“Because my mother was one.”

Chapter Three
Dan

School seemed to be eerily quiet and empty without Matt around, but that was probably just me.  
People stared at me and whispered, probably speculating where I had been the last few days. Matt and Alice were still off school, as well as Alice’s cousin, Gemma. Apparently, she specialised in the art of using magic for healing, and right now we could use all the help we could get concerning healing Matt and Alice. 
Kat Allen and Adara were both leaning against my locker, looking strangely happy with each other’s company. 
“Hello, ladies,” I said to them, and Adara just scowled at me. 
“Did you just come from your house?” Kat asked, ignoring Adara’s obvious hatred for me, even if I had never really spoken to her before. 
“Yeah, why?” 
“Who teleported you? Was it Mr Connor, because he’s supposed to be back today.”
My eyes bugged out of my head. “How…?” I stared at Adara accusingly. 
“Little girl here is psychic, Mortal-boy. She already knew something was up.”
“Kat, you’re seriously psychic?” But Kat was just…Kat. She couldn’t be anything else, it just wasn’t right. 
She nodded. “My mother was a witch, but she wasn’t very powerful. She always hoped I would be a witch, but I only got minor psychic abilities.”
“Minor psychic abilities? You almost exploded my brain, Kitty!” 
“I never almost exploded your brain, Adara. Stop overreacting.”
“It hurt, though.”
“That just shows you that you shouldn’t poke around in people’s brains uninvited.” 
“Why is everything so freaky nowadays?” I questioned. 
“The end of the world is coming, Mortal-boy. It changes people.”
“Great,” I said. “I’m looking forward to the whole end-of-the-world thing.”
“Dan, you didn’t answer my question. Who teleported you?” Kat interjected, get us all back on topic. 
“Francis did it. He says there’s no point in him being at my house because he knows nothing about healing. Why are you asking?”
“Just curious about who’s going to be here today,” Kat said, shrugging her shoulders. And then something occurred to her. She turned to Adara. “You never told me that Mr Connor’s name is Francis.”
“Please, just Francis,” Francis said, dipping his head in greeting after just intruding on this strange conversation. “Mr Connor is my father.”
“Wait, does this mean I should be at the house? You know, for extra protection, I mean. Obviously not to skip school or anything like that.”
“Adara, it would look strange if any of us took more time off school. Dad’s getting people to sort out putting mind blocks on everyone here, but that won’t change the attendance records.”
“Why don’t you just change the attendance?”
“Because it is illegal.”
“And messing with people’s minds isn’t? Francis, you’ve got a screwed up moral compass.”
He grinned. “I know. That’s what makes me fun to be around.”
“I can think of a few more things that make you fun to be around,” Holly said, just appearing out of thin air beside Francis. 
She kissed him and he wrapped his arms around her. 
“Eww, this is seriously grossing me out.” Adara glared at them both. “Anyway, I want to know how practically all of my siblings are in relationships and I’m not. I’m hot, aren’t I Mortal-boy?”
“Uh, um, yes, Adara,” I said, my throat going dry. “You are a very attractive woman.”
“Just attractive? Mortal-boy, I now officially hate you.” With that, Adara disappeared. 
“I do not understand your sister,” Kat said, looking at Francis. 
“Join the club. Adara is one strange witch.”
“Replace the W with a B and you’ll be correct,” I muttered, and Adara just appeared in front of me. She moved so quickly I thought she was going to hit me, but instead, she kissed me. 
I was literally taken aback. She pushed up against me, slamming me into a locker. The lock dug into my spine but I didn’t care. 
And then my fingers were clutching at thin air. Panting, I just stared at the space where Adara had been. 
“I think I’m going to join that club, Francis.” It was the only thing I could think to say after that. 

I’m in love with Adara Connor. No matter what I was doing, I was thinking about her. In the shower, I was thinking about her. On the toilet, I was thinking about her. 
She was just so amazing, with her long black hair and slanted green cat eyes, her curvy body and her full red lips. She flaunted her good looks every time I passed her in the corridors of school or in the hallways of my house, and it was just like she was doing it on purpose, which I know is silly; why would a girl like Adara like an idiot like me? 
I’ve come to realise that there is literally no way to escape her. 
But the problem was after that mind-blowing kiss, she had been avoiding me. Every time I caught her gaze, she would avert her eyes and pretend she was busy. 
It was killing me. 
“Just go after her,” someone whispered in my ear, and I jerked to the side. 
Harvey was stood next to me in the lunch queue, in his usual black attire. I gaped at him, unable to say anything at all. I wanted to say: “That’s freaking Adara Connor! I can’t ‘just go after her’, are you insane?”, but I managed to refrain from doing so. 
“Trust me, if you give her a good chat up line she’ll be all over you.”
So I stupidly followed his guidance. 
I marched up to Adara, my head held high. 
“Are you Jamaican, because you’re Jamaican-me crazy?” I said, grinning at her. 
She laughed at me. “Is that the best you can do, Mortal-boy?” 
“I mean, is it hot in here or is it just you?” 
She laughed harder, almost falling off her plastic chair. 
“You’re hurting me, Danny!” she cried, laughing harder. “Did you seriously think I would be interesting in a stupid, soldier-wannabe like you? You’re pathetic.” 

Chapter Four
Adara


Oh, God, I think I’m in love with Dan Norris. 
I paced the room, almost pulling my hair out in frustration. I couldn’t be, could I? I mean, look at me!
I’m Adara freaking Connor, the daughter of one of most influential warlocks in the country and the sister of one of The Saviours! I can’t fall in love with a mortal. It’s just wrong. 
That’s not the biggest problems though, is it? Dan Norris is in love with me too!
I shouldn’t have kissed him. Mortals are too fragile, and I shouldn’t be messing with their hearts. I kissed him because I wanted to surprise him; to make him want to take back calling me a bitch, but what I really did surprised both of us even more. 
I made us both fall in love, just with one simple, mind-blowing kiss. 
Damn, I was too good at seducing people for my own good!
Bounding downstairs, I didn’t have to worry about being caught; everyone in my family was at Dan’s house. 
I wasn’t there because it was too easy to fall harder for Dan. He was always there, making jokes and laughing and worrying about Matt and falling more and more in love with me…
That’s why I had to do this. 
It was too risky, falling in love with a mortal. They’re too breakable. 
Mum’s spellbooks were all hidden in the kitchen cupboards, disguised as cookbooks. It was only a precaution, just in case any mortals came round, but they never did. 
The only mortals were ever have around the house were mortals that knew what we are or the postman or pizza delivery man. Yes, my mother may try and trick you with the cookbooks, but she never cooks at all.
Speaking of cooking, I grabbed an old, very clichéd cauldron from under the sink. It had magical engravings on, and it held lots of magical mystical energy or something like that. All I knew was that it was perfect for my spell. 
I got my wand out and I laid it on the countertop. I would use it later to stir the contents of the cauldron, but right now it had no use to me.
I teleported to Dan’s house, and I knew he would be sleeping. He slept at every opportune moment so he could visit Claire in the magical land of The Old Ones. 
He looked so peaceful, asleep on the recliner in his living room. I didn’t know how he could sleep with all of these strangers around him trying to reverse whatever the poison had done to Matt and Alice. 
I whispered my apology to him before I cut a bunch of his hair off. He didn’t even stir. I teleported back to my house and dumped the locks of luscious dark hair in the cauldron. 
Kat Allen was a tricky one. I teleported to her house and checked every room until I was sure she wasn’t in. Then, I grabbed her hairbrush and picked out some hairs. 
It wasn’t much, but it would do. 
When I got back to my cauldron, I dumped her hairs in and rooted around in my kitchen drawers for a knife. Seriously, you would think I knew where everything was, wouldn’t you? 
Yes! I found one, but just to be safe I washed it under the sink with soap before I used it. I didn’t want to get tetanus or something like that. I knew it would be ridiculous for a witch to die of something like that, but it has happened before. 
Reading aloud from one of the ‘cookbooks’, I slashed a cross on my palm. Blood gushed from it and I let a lot of it flow into the cauldron. 
I put a cloth over the weeping wound and gritted my teeth. Then I carved Kat and Dan’s name on a small bit of wood from the pile we kept in case we needed to carve things for spells such as this one. 
I stained their names with my blood and said them both aloud. Once that was done, I put the small bit of wood in the cauldron and mixed all of the contents together with my wand. It said use a spoon in the book, but if I used my wand it would give it an extra special magical charge, right? Hopefully. 

Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

Bind these two people together
Make them love each other forever
Out of the equation this will take me
And then my love will be always free!

The cauldron exploded and blood splattered all over the kitchen. I was flung backward and my head hit the countertop. 
Blood mixed with hair was covering me, and it seemed like a lot more than I originally put in the cauldron. My whole body ached and my head throbbed. 
I pushed myself up into a sitting position. Slowly. “Damn, that hurt.”
The kitchen was a mess. 
I spent the next two hours scrubbing down the kitchen and cleaning up the mess I had made. But I carried on doing the cleaning because my dad would go mental at me if he knew I was meddling with people’s feelings. 
The next time I saw Dan, he wouldn’t feel anything toward me, and instead he will love and adore Kat. Kat will also be in love with Dan and I will have created a lovely new relationship. 
And then I’ll just watch their love blossom from the sidelines and eventually get over my love for Dan. That is, if the spell worked in the first place. 
No, I thought furiously. I had gone through all that, and I had even cleaned for God’s sake! It had to work. 
But if it didn’t… 

Chapter Five
Dan

“Dan!” 
My eyes flung open and I jumped from the recliner, already bracing myself for an attack. 
“What is it? What happened?”
Alice’s little sister stood in front of me, an amused smile on her face. Her pixie-like pink hair was rumpled from sleep, and her haunting grey eyes seemed to be searching my own. She wore something that was a lot like pyjamas, except they had little skulls all over them. Her nose ring was still in.
“I woke up and came in here,” Sally said, sitting on the sofa. “Just so you know I was sleeping in your room. I thought I’d tell you that before you go up there and everything turns into Goldilocks and those stupid bears.”
“Huh, What? Why?”
“Because I’m staying over night here, idiot. I was going to sleep in here but you were already in Dreamland.”
“Wait, why are you staying overnight? You could just teleport to your house.”
“My dad told me to stay here because he wants me to learn from all of these ostentatious witches about healing and crap. I’ve tried to tell him I don’t want to be a healer, I want to be a fighter, but he never listens.”
“You lost me at ostentatious,” I told her. 
“It kind of means showy and pretentious, I think. Seriously, these witches think they’re better than me just because I don’t dress like a 1940s house wife!” 
“Wait, so your dad wants you to stay in my house to learn from these arrogant witches?”
“Yup.” 
“So why did you wake me up?”
Sally smiled wickedly. “A bunch of your hair has been chopped off.” 
“Huh?” 
I ran over to the mirror and then started panicking. A massive clump of my hair had been cut off from the left side of my head. It was all lopsided! 
“Sally, did you do this?!” 
“Why would I have done it?”
“I don’t know!” 
“Why are you yelling at me?”
“I don’t know!”
“So why is your hair like that?”
“I don’t know! Why would I ask you if you did it if I knew what did it did it?”
“I have no idea what you just said.”
“Neither do I,” I said truthfully. “But it made sense in my head.”
“I’m worried about your head.”
“So am I.” I sat back down in the recliner and just closed my eyes. Someone had seriously taken a chunk of my hair when I was sleeping. That was just plain…creepy. 
“Maybe you’ve got a stalker!” Sally exclaimed, causing me to bolt upright and just stare at her. 
“How would a stalker get in here?” I asked, laughing. “This house is protected with loads of magical spells and stuff. They wouldn’t be able to get in.”
“What if it’s someone in this house?” Sally said. “What if it was my dad?”
“Why would Mr Connor cut some of my hair off?”
“Sometimes we use mortal DNA for spells. Hair will work for that. Maybe he needed your hair for anther protection spell on the house.”
“Maybe, but surely he would ask me first.”
“Not if it was an emergency.”
“He would have asked me. Anyway, I’m sure all of us would have known if there was an emergency.”
Sally opened the door wide and yelled, “Hey, Dad!” 
“What?” Mr Connor shouted back, sounded very tired and annoyed. 
“Did you hack Dan’s hair off?”
“No. Why?”
“No reason!” Sally slammed the door shut and turned to me. “It wasn’t my dad.”
I scowled at her. “I told you he wouldn’t have done it.”
“Who did it then?”
“Sally, are you sure you didn’t do it?” I questioned, looking her straight in the eye as I did so. 
“Yes, I’m sure!” Sally glared at me as she trailed her black nail-polished fingers over the computer desk. “I would remember hacking someone’s hair off in the middle of the night.”
“Who did it then? Francis, Holly, Adara?” 
“None of them would have any use for your hair.”
“Maybe Adara used it for a voodoo doll. She really does seem to hate me.”
Sally sat on the floor in front of me, crossing her legs like a primary school student. “She doesn’t hate you, Danny. In fact, I think she likes you.”
“She hates me.” 
“Trust me, she doesn’t. I know my sister, Danny.”
“I know your sister, Sally. She kissed me, and it was the most amazing thing ever; it was like I could see inside her mind! We were like one entity.”
“Well, that means that you should have been able to see how much she likes you, Dan.”
“She doesn’t like me. That’s the end of the matter,” I said to her, getting to my feet and walking over to the door. 
“Where are you going?” Sally called from the living room. 
“Bathroom!”
“Why?”
I poked my head through the door and stare at her. “Why do you think?” 
Sally nodded. “You need to pee.”
“Well done.”
I climbed the stairs and heard Sally yell, “Or you need to crap!” 
My face burned bright red as I passed a witch in the hallway. She raised her eyebrow at me and giggled. 
Thank you, Sally!
I tried to act cool and lean against the doorframe to the bathroom, but no matter how hard you try you can never look cool stood next to a bathroom. 
“How are Matt and Alice?” I nodded toward the door at the end of the corridor. In there were two people trying to fight off the effects of a poison no one knew anything about. 
The witch’s expression darkened. “Alice is a lot worse today.”
“What about Matt?”
“He hasn’t got any better, but at least he isn’t as bad as Alice. I think she was given more poison than him.”
“Do you know what it is yet?”
“It’s definitely got magical properties. The poison they used probably had all sorts of ingredients in that we won’t be able to guess at.”
“But if you found out what ingredients they used, then you’d be able to make an antidote?”
“Yes, I think we’d be able to make an antidote. But if the ingredients to the poison are hard to come by, then the antidote will probably be ten times harder to get.”
“If you figure out what you need, I’ll get it.”
“You would?”
“Of course. Matt’s my best friend; I would die for him.”

Chapter Six
Adara

“Hey, sis,” I said, sitting on Dan’s bed. I stroked his sheets as I took in the scent of the room. It smelled like him. 
Inhaling, I turned to Sally. 
She was perched on top of the wardrobe, her legs crossed and her fist under chin. I didn’t know why she was sitting on there, but nothing seemed strange anymore when it came to my little sister. 
“Seen Dan’s hair?” Sally asked as she hopped off the wardrobe and landed gracefully on the floor. 
“Nope,” I lied, flopping back and staring at the blue-painted ceiling. “I can’t say that I have.”
“Oh, well apparently last night he signed you up for an adventure.” She walked over to me and lied down next to me. Her spiky pink hair jabbed into my face and I spat, trying to get the taste of her weird hair gel out of my mouth. 
She laughed at me and I shot her the finger. “What do you mean by signed me up for an adventure?”
“Well, Kestrel told me that he said that he would look for the antidote ingredients when we have a list.”
“And? What has this got to do with me?”
“She told him he couldn’t go alone and apparently he said you’d do it with him. Good luck, sis. You’re gonna die.”
“I’m not gonna die. Wait, why would I die?” My head shot up and I stared at her. 
“Rumour has it a dragon’s egg is on this list and even a harpy feather.”
“You’re lying. They don’t even exist.”
She nodded her head furiously, yet her perfectly gelled hair stayed still, since it was practically glued in place. “They do. I heard Dad talking about it.”
“Even if they were real, I couldn’t go get them. I wouldn’t know where to start.”
“Dad’s going to give you directions.”
“Great.”
“I know.”

I charged downstairs and shook Dan out of his slumber. He groaned at me and rolled, so I got my now very clean wand and poked him in the face, sending a charge of electrical energy through my wand and into his sleeping form. 
“Ow!” Dan shrieked, falling off his chair and onto the floor. 
The witch, Kestrel, laughed and walked out of the room. Dan groaned and said, “Kestrel, baby, don’t go!”
“You’re into Kestrel?” Huh, that wasn’t right. He was supposed to be totally and completely in love with Kat, not chasing after girls that were clearly out of his league. 
“I’m into everyone, baby.” He winked at me as he clambered to his feet. 
“What about Kat Allen?”
“Kat Allen?” He grimaced. “Seriously, Adara, Kat is like a little sister, or maybe even one of the guys. Completely off-limits.”
“Why’s that?”
“She looks like a twelve year old.”
“Wait, is this because she doesn’t have any boobs? I could magic her up some melons if you want, Mortal-boy.”
“It isn’t that, Adara. Kat’s just…Kat. It just doesn’t feel right.”
It suddenly clicked in my mind. “Oh, Mortal-boy! Is this because she’s psychic? Do you think she can read your perverted little mind?”
“My mind isn’t perverted–”
“Shush. You do realise that if we tried, we could read your mind.”
“Try me, Witch-girl.”
“I will, Mortal-boy.”
I closed my eyes and put my slender fingers on his temples and then began rubbing at them, slowly in circles. Images began flooding my mind. I sifted through the images noticing a recurring pattern: 
Me. 
I kept skimming through the images of me. Some of them were from his imagination, so I just rushed past them, not wanting to see anything too detailed. 
And then the image shifted to one of a boy not much older than Dan. It was his older brother, dressed in his army uniform with a goofy grin on his face. 
“Anthony,” I breathed, opening my eyes and staring at Dan. 
“How did you know his...?” 
I tapped my forehead. “Simple mind-reading, Danny.”
“Huh. Well, remind me not to think dirty thoughts around you.”
I smiled at him and walked over to the door, my hand holding onto the edge of the door as it swung open. 
“Want a cup of coffee?” I questioned, moving into the tiny kitchen. 
A microwave meal was in the microwave, whizzing away. 
“Nah, I need to sleep and talk with Claire,” Dan said, appearing at the doorway.
“Why do you always need to talk to Claire?” I slammed the kettle down. Ooh, was I jealous? 
“She’s lonely. Wouldn’t you be if you’d been in Judgment thirteen years? Anyway, she might tell us how to fix Matt and Alice.”
“I highly doubt it.” I poured boiling water into a mug and stirred the coffee granules in angrily. “You should spend more time with the living, Danny.”
“You should spend more time with me, Witch-girl.” His hands circled around my waist and the shock of it made my knock my mug of boiling water over.
Great, just great. 
I yelled and he immediately jumped back. 
Steam was coming from my hand!
So I naturally started hyperventilating like the wuss I was as Dan ran around in circles like a headless chicken. I shoved him out of my way and stuck my hand under the cold tap. 
“Damn it, Mortal-boy,” I said to him angrily. 
“Why do you keep calling me Mortal-boy?” he asked as he put ice in a towel for me to use after my hand stopped burning with the fire of a zillion suns. 
“It suits you, Mortal-boy,” I told him. 
“Then I’m calling you Witch-girl.”
“Like I give a damn what you call me.”

Chapter Seven
Dan
“Your king has returned!” 
Kestrel only glanced up at me before returning to her computer. I sat in my chair and closed my eyes, bracing myself for Dreamland with Claire; Adara had put a bind on the kitchen, not allowing me in there ever. So, naturally, Adara was sat in there, fuming over the accident I caused. 
“Your hair looks weird.” I opened one eye and tried (unsuccessfully) to glare at her with said one eye. 
“So does your face,” I retorted, but I was lying. 
Kestrel was a perfect specimen, with creamy skin and chestnut hair, plus she was a freaking witch! And she was only two years older than me, even if she looked like a proper adult. 
She was also way out of my league. 
Oh well, a boy can dream, can’t he?
“I can read your mind. I do not have to touch you like Adara does, as I am much more skilled than her. You do not have a chance with me.” Kestrel didn’t even glance up from the computer screen. 
I leaned back and said simply, “Fat penguin.” 
She ignored me. I heard the mouse clicking. 
“Fat penguin,” I repeated, sitting forward. 
After a few more times of repeating it, she cocked her head at me and said, “What, Dan?”
“Fat penguin.”
“Huh?” 
“I needed something to break the ice.” I gave her my best smile. 
“You’re an idiot.” 
“You love me really.” Suddenly a cushion flew from the sofa opposite Kestrel, aiming straight for me. 
I ducked and laughed. “Ooh, fancy telekinesis!”
“I can do a lot more than just telekinesis, Mortal-boy.”
“Why are you calling me it too?” I whined. 
“It suits you.” Kestrel unplugged her laptop from the wall and walked from the room without even a goodbye. 
I was seriously hurt; I thought we had something beautiful blossoming. 
Francis Connor and his fiancée, Holly Blackwell, walked through the door next, disturbing any hope I had of visiting Claire. 
“Dan, may we have some privacy?”
“Okey-dokey,” I said, getting to my feet. I was being kicked out of my own living room now, for God’s sake. 
Sally was in my room, listening to some Goth, punk rubbish. When I opened the door she just flicked her hand and the door slammed shut again. 
I staggered back and decided to just sit with Matt and Alice for a while. No one was in the room at the moment, so I just sat next to the bed and stared at their still bodies. 
Matt and Alice lay next to each other in the bed, their hands entwined. The only sign that they were alive was the ragged breaths they both took in ever so often. They were both sweating and very pale, and it broke my heart just looking at them. 
“Hey, you two. I just want to say if you can hear me, hang in there. We’ll make you better, and you’ll be just fine.” I paused, deciding on what to say next to the two unconscious people. “Where are you? Does this weird potion thing stop you from getting to Judgment? I’m really confused, guys.”
They didn’t respond. 
“Anyway, I’ve already volunteered to go to and get some antidote ingredients. Adara’s going to come with me.” I paused again, choosing my words carefully. “Adara’s…special. I really think I have a chance with her, you know? I know I’ve not made the best impression, but I can really see myself ending up with her. It sounds stupid, I know, but I like her. She’s nice, and I’m pretty sure she’s only putting on this bitch act.”
Sweat dripped down Alice’s face. I grabbed a discarded towel and went into the bathroom. Luckily, none of the witches were in there when I flung the door open. 
I soaked the towel and returned to the bedroom. Symbols were drawn on the floor in chalk and salt, so I tiptoed over them to reach Alice’s side of the bed. 
The entire room smelt of incense and spices, and a smudge stick was resting inside an old clay pot on the floor. 
My mum was seriously going to have a fit when she saw this room. And by then all the witches would have gone, leaving me to take all of her wrath. 
Perfect. 
I dabbed the wet towel onto her forehead and Alice moaned slightly, but she didn’t wake. 
I was no doctor, but this was not right. 
“What are you doing?”
I turned to find Kestrel and a few other witches stood in the doorway, looking irritated and very ‘ostentatious’. Was that the right way to use it? I’ll ask Sally later.
“I’m looking after them,” I replied, still dabbing at her scorching hot forehead. 
Kestrel walked over, snatching the towel from my hand. “We can look after them. That’s what we’re here to do, after all.”
“Well, you’re doing a mighty fine job,” I said sarcastically. “You left two poisoned patients here alone while you checked your Facebook status” – 
“I wasn’t on Facebook,” Kestrel interjected. 
–“and neglected them.” I turned on the other witches. “And where were you lot? All of you have a duty of care that you completely ignored.”
They shifted uncomfortably. 		
“Now, I want you lot out of my house before I take this up with the Elders.” I had heard them speaking about the Elders earlier; apparently, they were the leaders of the good witching community, and they practically had the authority of God, or whatever created this whole mess we were living in. “Now. Leave. The Connors’ will sort out the ingredients for the antidote. We don’t need you anymore.”
“You will need me,” Kestrel hissed before disappearing along with the rest of the witches. 
“Dan? What did you just do?” Sally appeared at the doorway, her headphones wrapped around her neck like a noose. 
“Something probably very stupid.”

Chapter Eight
Adara
Leaning back, I rested my head against the arm of the sofa. Dan sat behind me, next to Holly. He only got a seat because it was his house, and Holly got a seat because she was pregnant, but my parents didn’t know that. They just thought Francis was being a gentleman, but the truth was five months ago Francis would have been wrestling Holly for the spare seat. 
He sat next to me, leaning on Holly’s legs. I couldn’t exactly do that with Dan, could I? It would be very awkward afterward. 
Sally leaned against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest. Today she wore fishnet tights and a netted black skirt, along with a shirt that looked like it could fall apart at any given moment. Her boots were up to her knees, and her skull pendant resting between her breasts. She looked annoyed. 
Gemma sat on the little foot stool, leaning forward in anticipation for this meeting. Her coppery hair fell in front of her face, and she brushed at it absently and twiddled with the cross on her necklace with the other hand. 
“Is everyone who’s going to be here actually here?” My dad asked, walking into the room. 
“Yes,” Ursula said, looking at her watch and tapping her foot on the floor. “We need to do this quickly. Harvey is going to get home from school any minute, and he’s suspicious as it is.” 
“We’ll be quick, Ursula.” My father paced the room, gesturing as he spoke. “I will need a few more days to figure out the ingredients for the antidote, but I think I’ll be able to find out everything that is needed for it.” He looked over to my side of the room. “Dan has volunteered to go and look for the ingredients, and I think that is best. Some of the people we need to get them from will be less wary if a mortal collects the items. But he will have a witch along for protection, and luckily Adara has risen to the occasion and accepted that responsibility.”
“I don’t remember doing anything of the sort,” I said.
“Thank you for your support, Adara.” 
“Am I invisible now?” I asked, frowning at my father. 
“Shush, Adara. You are going with Dan and that is the end of it.”
“Great,” I muttered.
“Are we done here?” Ursula’s eyes darted from the wall clock to her watch. “I really have to go.”
“Yes, I just wanted to clue you in on future plans, Ursula. We will discuss other matters without you and inform you of them later.”
“Thanks, Michael.” 
She disappeared and then my father turned to Gemma.
“Gemma, would you take over the care of Matthew and Alice? I’m sure Lillian will help you.” His wife nodded, confirmation that she would look after the ill kids. 
“I’ll do it,” Gem said, nodding along with my mother. 
“Good. Now, Francis.” He looked at his son. “Is there something you haven’t told us?”
“Uh, um, uh…no?” Francis swallowed, tugging at his shirt collar. 
“I know you’re lying to me, Francis. I do not appreciate my own children deceiving me. Tell me what it is that you’ve done that is apparently oh so secret.”
“Uh, should I tell him?” Francis looked up at his fiancée. 
Holly nodded her head. “We better. We can’t hide it for much longer, Francis.”
“Hide what?” Gem asked. 
Oh, right. She had no idea about the baby, just like our parents. 
“Yes, Francis, hide what?” our mother said, looking worried. 
Well, she had good reason to be. 
“Uh, um, ah, are you sure we should tell them?” Francis tore his eyes from his parents to look at Holly again. 
“I don’t know! It’s your decision!” 
“No, it’s your decision!” Holly retorted. 
“It…is…your…decision!” 
“Shut up, Francis!”
“My God, you two!” I yelled, grabbing the arm of the sofa and hauling myself to my feet. I turned to my parents. “I’ll tell you.”
“Go on, then,” my father said, obviously annoyed at both Holly and Francis for not telling him straight. 
“Holly and Francis are having a baby. There. I’ve said it!” 
“Adara!” Francis and Holly moaned in unison. 
“What?” I said. “You were gonna tell him anyway!”
“Not like that!” Holly yelled. “We were going to break it gently, Adara.”
“By the time you’d have told them the baby would already be at primary school,” I said, sitting on the arm of the sofa, next to Dan. 
He looked up at me, smiling. “We’re going on an adventure together.”
“I guess we are, Mortal-boy.” 

Matt and Alice had no changes that we could tell, so my dad guessed that this poison would have worked if it was in a higher, more concentrated dose, but because there wasn’t enough, they were just in a coma. Hopefully when we made the antidote, the poison will wear off and they’ll be fine. Yeah, hopefully. 
I think I’ll just check on them again…
I closed my eyes and leaned on the stair banister, dizziness overcoming me. Nausea rolled through my stomach and the world tilted. My grip loosened and for a brief moment there was nothing but air under me. But then I crashed and the feeling evaporated, like water on a hot day. 
All the air rushed out of my lungs as I tumbled down the steps, seeming to hit each one in a different place in more exceedingly painful ways. Just when I thought it would never stop, I passed out…

Water hit my feet jolting me out of my slumber. I slowly stood, looking around and surveying my surroundings. A girl was sitting on the beach, right next to Dan. Her mouth formed a perfect O when she caught sight of me. 
I already knew where we were and who she was before anyone told me. 
I was in Judgment, and this girl was Claire. 

Chapter Nine
Dan
“Adara?” I asked, almost stunned into silence. Almost.
Adara glared at me and rolled the bottoms of her designer jeans up to protect them from this horrid beach. She then beckoned for me to remove my jacket. 
Reluctantly, I did what I was told. She didn’t even thank me as she laid it on the partially wet sand and sat on it. 
“Thanks, Adara,” I said. 
“You’re welcome, Mortal-boy,” Adara said, looking around expectantly. “It’s pretty boring here, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, maybe you should leave,” Claire snapped at me. 
“If I could figure out how, I would,” Adara said. She turned to me. “Danny, when we wake up I need you to get my parents and go straight to the stairs.”
“Uh, why?”
“Because I may have fallen down them from the very top.”
My eyes bulged out of my skull. “Adara, are you okay?”
“A little sore.” She rubbed her wrist absently. It was badly bruised and she cradled it at her side. 
“Is your wrist broken?” 
“No, it just looks like this for the hell of it,” Adara snapped, but this was all an act. She was in a great deal of pain; I could see tears forming at the corner of her eyes. 
“It’ll be okay. I’m sure magic will heal this,” I said. 
“What do you know, Danny?” Adara took her jacket off carefully and balled it up. She then put this on her lap and laid her injured wrist on it. “You’re just mortal.”
“Are you telling me that it won’t heal as quickly as you’d hope?” I asked, bewildered. 
Adara wiped tears from her eyes with her healthy arm. “This is my right wrist, Danny. It’s the hand I use to write with, and it is the hand I use to perform magic.”
“Can’t you just use your wand?” 
“I can, but it won’t be as controlled if I use it with the wrong hand. It’s like a pen; you would never ask someone with a broken hand to just use their other hand to write with, because they can’t.”
“Are you saying that you can’t do magic with a broken arm?”
“No, I’m just saying it’s limited. I can’t direct things like energy bolts anymore, meaning I can’t fight properly.”
I shrugged and said, “It’s not the end of the world, Adara. So what, you won’t be able to use your arm for like a week.”
She whirled on me, her eyes wild and fierce. Spittle flew from her mouth. “It is the end of the world, Danny. Don’t you understand? If The Old Ones return we are all dead.”
“But–”
“She’s right, Dan,” Claire interjected, picking up a handful of the sand grains. “When The Old Ones return, it opens everything up. All of the witches and warlocks who were sentenced to an eternity there will come through the cracks in the veil the return of The Old Ones created.” Grains slipped between her fingers and onto the sand, proving her point. “If The Old Ones don’t kill us, then those witches will. A few of them have lost their minds, but some others are bloodthirsty monsters. All they want to do is murder and maim, and believe me, when they return it will be a massacre. Adara needs her full powers if she has any chance of helping at the final battle.”
“How long is the healing time for a broken bone?” Dan asked me. 
“Almost a week.”
“That isn’t that bad–”
“Don’t you understand, Dan? They could break through at any moment! We have to always be ready now.”
“Huh, but they’ll only come after Matt and Alice are healed.”
“Why is that?”
“Because it’s fact. The Old Ones have to fight The Saviours because the Prophecy says so.”
“He is right,” Claire said flatly. “You’ve got nothing to be worried about, Adara.”
“But I still have to be careful,” Adara said. “The Dark Witches could attack at any given moment.”
“You don’t have to just fight, though,” Claire told her. “You can still perform spells with the magic of others, and they can be defence or offence.”
“It just makes me feel safer, you know? It’s like if you’re walking around at night, but you have a knife or a gun, or some other weapon. It makes you feel comforted, as if nothing can hurt you.” 
“You will be fine, Adara. I promise you.”
Adara nodded. “I hope I will be.”
“You will,” I said to her, taking her good hand in my own. “I will never, ever let anything hurt you.”
“But what if you’re the one that’s hurting me the most?”

I awaken to a full room. They were all sat around, chatting about cribs and baby things and space in their house. All of them were acting so normal, well, normal enough for them. Everyone except Adara was present. 
“Adara,” I whispered, getting to my feet. “Adara,” I repeated, a little louder this time. 
They all looked at me, confused. I just yelled Adara’s name again I ran out of the room to the back of the house, where the stairs were. 
What I found there broke my heart into a million tiny pieces. The fragments plummeted to the floor, beside the dead body. 
Adara was sprawled on the carpet, her hair fanned out around her. Her eyes were open and unseeing, and her breathing was nonexistent. Her full lips were turning blue. Blood oozed from somewhere at the back of her head. 
I couldn’t believe it. I had told her everything would be okay, and now here she was, still and lifeless. 
Adara Connor was dead. 

Chapter Ten
Adara


My eyes opened and I slowly got to my feet. My whole body ached as if I had just fallen down a flight of stairs. Oh wait, I had. 
My wrist throbbed and my head pounded as I staggered into the wall. No one was around, so I was safe. The only way for this to work was if everyone truly believed I had died. 
I knew what I had to do now. I was useless just as me, but if I could be a secret weapon, if I could catch people off guard, then maybe I could help a little. I would be like a guardian angel watching over the Connor’s until the final battle, where I would make my grand reappearance. 
As far as I could tell, I would only need to recite the spell I had learnt last year and then I would have a small amount of time to sort myself out. 
But I would have to call the elements, like you had to do in most spells. I would just have to try and do it in such a way that the other witches in the house wouldn’t notice the presence of the elements. 
Whispering, I called the elements, using the age-old cast. No blood offer would need to be made, since I was already bleeding. I didn’t actually know how or why the elements needed a blood offering; I guess it was just something everyone did. 

Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

I desire death
I long for life
Give me both I need
Death until buried
Life after death
I wish for this
Now the magic I wield
Will grant me my wish

Just as Claire had said, there was magic in words, power in the casts. I didn’t need my hands for this. 
Power surged through me and I gasped, falling into the wall. Once the power was just a gentle humming inside my body, I staggered up two steps and let myself fall back. 
When I hit the floor, I let the wave of darkness take me. 

 It was pitch black. I couldn’t even see my own hand in front of my face. Naturally, I began to freak the hell out, but then I remembered what I had done. It had actually worked. 
I felt along the silk lined box, feeling every little nook and cranny. Yep, I was definitely in a coffin. My family had buried me alive. 
“Hmm, probably should have thought this through, huh?” I said, feeling the top of the coffin just to test how solid it really was. 
Yup, that was real wood up there, held down by very really soil, with probably a very real gravestone at the top. 
God, I’m so stupid, I thought after I had stopped freaking out again. I was such an idiot! 
I could just teleport. 
Why didn’t I think of it earlier? I had to act fast now; there wasn’t any air in here, and I was getting pretty claustrophobic, so I should probably hurry up and get the hell out of here, shouldn’t I? 
Wait, who the hell was I mentally talking to?
God, I’m going crazy, aren’t I? 
“Okay, Adara,” I said to myself, “just calm down and teleport yourself out of here. It can’t be that hard, there’s only six feet of solid earth separating you from the living world.” Six feet seemed like a lot now, didn’t it? 
I closed my eyes and imagined being somewhere, anywhere, else but here. Suddenly there was nothing under me and I was falling through the sky, wind whipping my hair around me. I reached out and my hand passed right through a cloud. Damn it, they looked more solid than they actually were.  
I kept falling and I finally tore my eyes from that stupid cloud to the ground. 
Oh, sweet Jesus Christ, save me!
The ground was coming up rapidly to meet me, and if I didn’t act quickly then I would be as flat as road kill on the motorway. 
Great imagery, Adara. 
Without thinking, I reached my good hand out and something materialised in my grip. 
Thank goodness for instinct was all I could think as I pulled myself into a sitting position on my equivalent of a car. 
My hands gripped the wood so tightly the whites of my knuckles showed as I flew through the clouds, getting soaked by the unshed rain. 
I wasn’t much of a skilled driver, but at least I knew the basics of air travel. Right now I knew I was speeding, but I was too panicked to stop. If I wasn’t careful I could be stopped by the police. 
“HALT! PLEASE PULL YOUR BROOMSTICK OVER, MA’AM!” 
I tried to slow down, but when I did my hands were shaking so badly I almost lost control of my vehicle. The police officer drove next to me, and he put his hands on the broomstick to steady me. 
“Are you okay, ma’am?” he asked, looking at me carefully. 
“I’m fine, sir,” I replied, keeping my gaze steady. 
“Do you know what speed you were going at?”
“No, sir, I do not,” I responded. 
“You were going over one hundred miles an hour. You could have hit another driver or worse, been seen by mortals. Ma’am, may I see your driver’s licence?”
I wanted to say that I wouldn’t have been seen by mortals, since broomsticks had an automatic cloaking device, but I stopped myself. No use getting in an argument with the police. I dug through the pockets of the pretty white dress my family had buried me in to find that I did not have anything with me. 
Well, duh.  
“Wait a minute,” I told the man, clicking the fingers of my good hand. My wallet appeared between my fingertips and I pulled out Sally’s driver’s licence. I had stolen it a year ago, and since she didn’t like driving, she hadn’t even noticed. 
The picture was of her two years ago, and then she looked a lot like me. Her hair hadn’t been dyed so it was still black, and the picture was too blurry for you to tell the eye colour. 
“I’m very sorry for your loss, Ma’am,” the officer said. “I’m going to let this slip this time, because of circumstances. Don’t let me catch you speeding again.” He flew off and I pocketed the licence.
Apparently news of my death had spread. 
That’s exactly what I wanted. 

Chapter Eleven
Dan


Her body lay sprawled on the floor, and a devastating sound pierced my eardrums. After a moment I realised that this was my own screaming. 
I was screaming for Adara, and then I was screaming for everyone else in the house. 
I fell to my knees and dragged her still corpse onto my lap. I stroked her hair and stared at her with tear-filled eyes. Adara was dead, and I couldn’t help thinking it was my fault. 
Holly ran in first, with Francis right behind her. She let out a gut-wrenching sob and collapsed into Francis, who just stared, too stunned to even utter a word. 
“She’s dead,” I whispered, and Francis only nodded in agreement. 

The casket was open, so everyone that came could see Adara. Witches and warlocks from all over the country came to pay their respects to the Connor family, plus me. 
I stared at her face and I thought I saw a flutter of her eyelashes. Hope blossomed and was immediately trampled out like a cigarette butt. No, my mind was just playing tricks on me. I never saw anything. I couldn’t have.
“Dan,” Sally said, taking my hand. I looked at her with tearful eyes, and I noted that she wasn’t wearing her usual Gothic attire. Instead, she wore deep purple robes that hung from her small frame like curtains. “Are you okay?”
“No. Yes, kind of. I really don’t know. I just can’t believe that she’s really gone.”
“And you’ve only known her a few weeks.”
“I know. Adara has something real special about her – had something real special about her.” I stared at Sally, raising an eyebrow. “What are you wearing?”
“Traditional funeral clothes for the family of the deceased,” Sally replied, shaking someone’s hand and replying ‘thank you’ to their ‘I’m sorry for your loss’. 
“Huh,” I said. “Is it a witch thing?”
“Yes, yes it is.”
“I wondered why you all were dressed like weirdoes.” 
She hit my arm playfully. “Oi, Danny. Don’t get too cheeky.”
“I won’t.” I smiled at her sadly and then turned to see Lillian Connor break down in sobs, supported by her expressionless husband. 
“Damn,” I whispered. 
“I know.” Sally brushed a stray tear from her eye and gazed at the dead body of her older sister.
“It’s just wrong,” I said. “The last time I saw Adara, she was all bitchy and annoyed, but in reality she was dead.”
“Do you think she’s still in Judgment?”
“If she is, I’m getting her out of there.”

People avoided me at school, and I’m pretty sure I knew why. I was the ghost of Dan Norris; at least that’s how I saw myself now. I was gaunt and my eyes were sunken into my skull. Grief, that’s what it did to you. 
I was grieving for Adara, and for Matt and Alice, even if they weren’t dead. Heck, I was still grieving for my brother, Anthony. 
I sat on my own at lunch, swishing pasta around in the little pot. It was bland and tasteless, but I couldn’t have eaten it even if it was good. 
Sally strode into the dining hall, shooting glares at everyone who even dared to glance at her. She spotted me from across the room and weaved her way through the maze of tables and chairs, with the occasional bag thrown in. 
“Damn it, that dining room is a health hazard,” Sally gasped as she sat down, slamming her backpack onto the table. 
“Don’t say that around here; they’ll close the school for a month if they hear anything about safety hazards.”
She smiled slyly. “Is that a bad thing, Mortal-boy?”
My own smile fell and I looked down at my pot of pasta awkwardly. That had been Adara’s name for me. It just didn’t feel right when others said it, even when she was alive. 
“Do you want to skip?” I asked her, already on my feet. 
Her eyes sparkled with mischief. “When don’t I want to skip?” She grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder, already ahead of me. 
To be honest, I did almost fall over someone’s discarded P.E kit, so I wholeheartedly agreed with Sally’s description of the dining room. Sally looked back at me and grabbed my wrist, hauling me through the corridors. 
“Come on, Danny!” 
“I am coming!” 
She reached inside her back pocket and pulled out a long wooden stick that I now knew was a wand. It was sleek and black, with little jewels stuck on with superglue. Sally had obviously personalised it. 
“What are you doing?”
“Teleporting is too overused, Danny. Why don’t we go for a little invisibility?” With a swish of the wand we were both turned transparent. I reached my see-through hand out and struck something solid.
“Please remove your hand from my chest,” Sally said, and I immediately yanked my hand away, shocked that I had actually touched her there! 
“Now, let’s get the hell outta here.” We hurried out of the building, trying not to laugh. I snickered once as we passed the office, making Mrs Bradbury jump out of her skin and try and find the hooligan responsible for the laughing. 
Once we were outside the school gates, Sally let the invisibility drop. I leaned against the gate and stared at her, a smile on my lips.
She was bent over, cackling like a, well, a witch. 
I walked over to her. Slowly and purposefully, I bent my head toward hers and kissed her soft lips. 
And then I was zapped.
Sally had zapped me! 
“What was that for?” I yelled. 
“Dan, you’re still grieving. It would be wrong.” Sally brushed her short pixie-hair out of her eyes, and I could see they had tears in them. 
“That’s not it, Sally. I know it isn’t. Just tell me why you won’t kiss me and that’ll be the end of that.”
She looked up at me, her expression dark. “I’m gay, Danny.”


Chapter Twelve
Adara


Huh. 
I stared at my little sister and Dan, my heart throbbing about what Dan had just tried to do. I was obviously shocked at the gay thing too, but had Dan seriously just tried to snog my little sister?
Tears stung my eyes as I jumped on my broomstick, sitting sideways on it so I didn’t have to look like an idiot with my skirt hoisted up to my waist. 
I made sure that neither off them was even glancing my way before setting off; I was invisible, but you could never be too careful. The wind whipped my hair across my face, but I didn’t care. I didn’t particularly trust teleportation after my little mishap earlier, what with me falling through the sky and all. 
“Damn it, Mortal-boy,” I said as I sailed through the sky. 
I watched out for the police – I didn’t want to get pulled over again. I couldn’t just stay and watch my family plus Dan forever. I would have to live somewhere, and I knew exactly where. Two years ago, I had vowed to never speak with her again, but now I needed her help. 
I flew over Leeds, watching out for planes coming to and from the airport. Didn’t want to get hit by a plane. Again. 
It had only happened once, and it had practically just appeared out of nowhere. The wing clipped me and my broomstick was in the shop for weeks. I had almost lost my licence there and then. 
I flew lower to the ground in Manchester, looking out for her house. Soon I saw it, in the middle of a bunch of terraced houses. It was dirty and instantly unforgettable, but that was just the outside. It was meant to look like this. 
I skidded to a stop outside the house, checking around to see if anyone had spotted me. The street was empty, deserted just like a ghost town. 
Marching up to the door, I held my head high so whoever answered the door would have full view of me. No hiding from her. It couldn’t be done.
I rapped my knuckles against the door and then the magic spread from my touch, awakened by some sort of protection spell. I took a step back, staring at the door as the magic covered it. It was like a sparkling mist, covering everything in its path. It knew that I was a witch. That meant she knew who was calling. 
The door creaked open, only a crack. One crimson red eye stared at me from the crack, suspicious as always. 
“You told me you would never darken my doorstep again,” Adele said, opening the door wider. Her scarlet eyes darted around outside before she ushered me in. 
Adele’s bright red curls spread out around her, untameable as always. Her ruby red lips were turned down in a frown as she took me in. Her long, black cloak covered her tiny frame, covered what the dark witches had done to her. 
“Adele,” I said, taking a seat on one of her antique wooden chairs. “It’s a pleasure to see you again, as always.”
“I heard you were dead,” Adele said, not even trying to hide her disappointment. 
“Who told you that? Last I heard, you don’t get out much.”
“I know people who owe me, Adara. Now, why are you here? What do you need from me?”
“Why do you assume that I need something? Can’t I ever come and visit my least favourite sister?”
“You need something. I can see this.”
“With your beady red eyes? Okay, Adele, you’re right. I need something – is that a crime?”
“It depends what you need. Knowing you, it will be something that will get me in trouble.”
“You know me, sis.” I grinned at her, putting my feet on her ancient dining table. “This actually concerns my death. I faked it, and I need somewhere to stay.”
“You also need some healing potion for your wrist.”
“Yes, and in addition to all that I need you to be there at the final battle. We’re going to be the secret weapon. You’re a powerful witch, probably the best of them.”
“I’m an abomination.”
“You have to help. You’ll be the first person they kill when The Old Ones return; you’re too much of a liability, you have too much power. They’ll want you gone.”
She sighed, rubbing her temples. “Fine, Adara. We will both make our grand reappearances.”
“Thank you, sis,” I said, crossing my arms and trying not to wince at the pain in my wrist. 
“You want me to cook you up some healing ointment?”
“I need a brace as well, Adele.”
“You don’t want much, do you?” Adele muttered, shuffling over to her small kitchen. The house was modest, but it hummed with magical energy, and little trinkets and mystical objects were scattered around the room. Everything in here was worth way more than anything I own, and a lot of people would kill to get their hands on the power Adele wields. Some already had. 
She grabbed a strip of leather from a hanger above the stove, already scanning the room for a scalpel. She found one that was acting as a bookmark in an ancient spellbook, and immediately removed it, flexing her hand to make the book flip open to the saved page. 
“Hmm.” Adele padded over to the living room and sat down at the computer desk, shining a lamp over the strip of leather. 
And then she began carving delicate symbols in the leather, not once taking her eyes off the leather. She didn’t even utter a word. 
“This is gonna be a long night,” I said, shutting my eyes and blocking out the rest of the real world.

Chapter Thirteen
Dan

“You’re gay?” I asked, my jaw going slack. 
She nodded. 
“Since when? I’ve known you for what seems like ages, and I had no idea you were into girls.”
“I’ve known practically my whole life, Danny.” She kicked some gravel, not meeting my gaze. 
“Huh.” I sat on the ground, leaning my head against the school gates. The blue paint was flaking off and peeling, making it obvious that the school was more prehistoric than the headmaster liked you to think. 
Nothing but crumbling plaster and hazardous dining rooms, that was our school.
“Want to go grab a coffee? The teachers will see us out here, and I don’t want to explain why we were ditching to my dad.”
“I don’t want to make your father angry.” We hurried out of sight of the school gates, strolling over to the nearest coffee shop. 
Business people and some college students were sat around inside, either chatting in small groups or talking on the phone in a rapid pace. I sat at the counter, and Sally sat next to me, drumming her fingers on the metal napkin dispenser. 
“What do you want?” I asked, pulling my wallet out of my jeans. 
“Hmm, can I have a latte? Oh, and a slice of Devil’s Food Cake.”
“Don’t want much, do you?” I laughed as I ordered her food and caffeine. I got a simple black coffee, but it was really for the warmth rather than the bitter taste. 
I took a sip of the brew, grimacing at the taste but letting the liquid go down because of the warmth it spread.
“You hate coffee, don’t you?”
I nodded. “I don’t know why adults love it so much. They believe it is the sperm of the Gods.” 
“‘Sperm of the Gods’? Where the hell did you get that from? Why would people want to drink sperm?”
“Some people drink horse sperm.”
“No they don’t!”
“Yes they do! I’ve seen them do it on the news!”
“You’re disgusting, Danny.”
“Horse’s have giant–”
Sally snickered. “I’m just gonna stop you there, Danny. I don’t ever want to hear the end of that sentence.”
“Ha.” I took another sip, trying to get used to the taste. It wasn’t any better the second time, to be honest. I put the conversation on a more appropriate track. “How’re Holly and the baby?” 
Francis and Holly hadn’t been around the house in ages, so I now had to get all of my information from a third party, such as Sally. I may not seem like it, but I was interested in her pregnancy. 
Most people wouldn’t believe it, but I wanted to be a doctor some day. When all of this craziness is over. 
I know I probably won’t get into med school with my crappy GCSEs, but surely they would cut me some slack? My brother had died, and my best friend since forever had terminal cancer. Oh, and I was a little too busy battling magical creatures and trying to find ingredients that would save Alice and Matt’s lives to do my algebra homework. 
“She’s got morning sickness. My mum’s going mental making strange brews and teas for Holly to try, and she also makes us drink some of them too, so we don’t catch the plague and infect Holly or something like that.”
“The plague?”
“Anything can happen around here. Are you just figuring that out, Danny?”
“Yeah, I guess I am.” I looked at her, trying to keep a straight face as I said, “So when are we going to visit the faerie lady?”
Sally’s eyes went wide. “She is not just a faerie lady, Danny. She’s dangerous.” 
“I know, but we’re both going to visit her unsupervised, so she can’t be that dangerous.”
“She can be that dangerous. She is, and the only reason why we’re going alone is because my dad is too busy to go himself. Anyway, he trusts us.”
“Are we going after school?”
“Well, we could go now. No time to lose, right? Mattie and Alice could be dying, so we need all the time we can get.”
“I suppose we can go now. I mean, we’re skipping school anyway.” A grin spread on her face.
“Let’s finish the coffees and then you can teleport us over to the faerie lady.”
“Whoa, Danny, I can’t do that!” 
“Why the hell not?”
“She lives somewhere that has loads, and I mean loads, of magical wards and spells protecting her place. We need to fly there.”
“Using what?”
“Using my broomstick, of course.”
“You never cease to amaze me, Sally.” 
She drained her latte, smiling with a foam moustache. “Let’s go.”

“I don’t trust you.” I sat behind her, snaking my hands around her waist and gripping her tightly. 
“You’re gonna have to!” Wind smacked us in the face as we flew higher and higher, going right into the clouds. 
“I think I can see my house from here!”
“And I think you’re lying!”
The broomstick jerked sharply and I almost fell off as she narrowly missed hitting a skyscraper. I gasped, holding onto her tighter. 
“You’re going to cut off my circulation.” Tearing her eyes from the road – pardon, I meant the sky – Sally pried my hands from her. 
Suddenly, I was off balance. Her hand caught me and I gripped onto the thick wood of the broomstick. 
“Don’t drop me,” I said to Sally. 
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” said Sally, laughing. 
I’m going to be frank here; she didn’t really fill me with much confidence about staying alive through this little trip.
“You’re going to drop me, Sally, I just know it.”
“Would it make you feel better to tell you I had a vision of the future where you’re all old and wrinkly with grandkids?”
“Yes, it would.”
“Well, I can’t. That was all a load of crap I told you to make you feel better. More stuff to make you feel better: did I mention what the faerie woman actually is?”
I frowned. “I thought she was a fairy.” 
“No, Danny. You’re so naïve. We just call her faerie lady because what she is kind of means ‘faerie woman’, depending how you translate it. 
“What is she?” A pit of dread opened up in my stomach, sucking in all the hope I had that it would be a simple task getting the ingredient from the faerie woman. Well, I’m wrong. Again. 
“Bean sidhe. She’s a bean sidhe.”
“I have no idea what one of those is, Sally.” 
Sally avoided a wayward, kite, muttering about how they should be banned, while all the while dodging my question.
“Just tell me what it means.”
She turned back to look at me, the first sign of fear showing in her hard grey eyes. “Danny, she’s a banshee.”

Chapter Fourteen
Adara

Adele’s spare room was bare and cold, almost as cold as her personality or her gaze. She swept across the room, flinging the wardrobe open. Rummaging inside, she threw an old granny nightgown at me. 
I frowned, raising a brow at her. “I’m not sleeping in that.”
“You are my patient, and you will listen to me. Change into that and then you will get that brace and the healing ointment.”
I scowled at her, peeling my clothes off. She watched me with an amused expression. 
“What is it? What are you looking at?” I put the nightgown on, finding it comfy despite its ugliness. 
“My little sister has grown up. You now have the body of a woman.”
“I had the body of a woman last time I saw you. I’ve just never undressed in front of you before.”
“I’m just saying, you could rival the beauty of Dian.”
“Thanks, I guess.”
“Or of Aphrodite.”
“Stop naming goddesses,” I said, sitting on the lumpy bed. I held my injured arm out to her. “Put the ointment and brace on my wrist, please, Adele.”
“I’m not your slave, Adara.” But she complied, rubbing some smelly brown mud thing into my wrist and putting the brace on my wrist. It hurt being moved so much, but I didn’t complain; Adele was helping me, after all. 
I leaned back, resting my head against the headboard. Adele pulled the blanket over me. 
“You should rest, Adara.” 
Adele left the room, her large hair billowing behind her. 
That was the last thing I saw before I slipped into a blissfully undisturbed sleep. I didn’t even go to Judgment, which was good, I guessed. I didn’t want to bump into Dan there. 
The universe now appeared to be moving in my favour. 
The doorbell was the thing that woke me, after a long sleep-in. I got out of bed, padding out of the room and down the stairs, emerging in the living room. 
I got there just as Adele touched the door, magic spreading from her fingertips and across the walls. I gasped, falling back into the wall as magic covered the entire room, changing it. 
Adele turned sharply, clicking her fingers. My clothes immediately changed into scrubs, as if I worked at a hospital. 
The sofa changed into plastic chairs and the dining table turned into a reception desk. I gaped as the room changed, turning more and more…sterile. 
It looked like a doctor’s waiting room once the magic had changed it. Adele smiled brightly as she opened the door, beckoning a woman with a small child in her arms inside. 
“Oh, you’ve got another sorcerer working here,” the woman said, putting the little girl down on a chair and telling her to behave. 
“She’s my sister, and like I’ve told you, we’re not sorcerers. We’re witches.”
The woman nodded. “I know. It just slipped my mind.” 
“Is little Alice okay?” Adele looked down at the girl, her face creased in worry. 
“Alice?” 
Adele glared at me. “More than just one person can be called Alice, Adara.” 
“I know. I know.” 
Adele focused her attention back on the mother, clicking her fingers. A clipboard appeared in her hands and she scanned it, chewing her bottom lip. 
She finally looked up from her notes. “Does she need more Dragon Oil? I have some ready now, if that’s what it is.”
“No, she needs another check-up. I think she’s worse.”
Adele nodded, looking increasingly worried. “Adara, I think it would be best if you left for a bit, at least until my examination of Alice is over.”
“I can help, Adele,” I told her while I knelt next to the little girl. Her curly brown hair was plastered to her face with sweat, and I put my hand against her forehead. She was burning up. “I was helping Alice and Matt before I came here, you know.”
“Fine. Take her into the back room.”
“The back room?” As far as I knew, that room was just a small study or extra living room. But I guess that had changed as well. 
I took the little girl by the hand and tested whether or not she could stand. She couldn’t. 
I picked her up, my heart breaking at the sight of her. Some people may say I was a heartless bitch, but they didn’t know the real me. They didn’t know who I really was or what I felt. 
Only I knew that, even if sometimes it felt like I had no clue. 
I went into the back room which was now a fully equipped hospital room, with beeping machines and stuff that I had no idea how to use. 
I put the child on the bed and sat next to her, stroking her hair. Adele came in a minute later, closing the door behind her and tapping a symbol that was etched onto the walls. 
“Silence spell? Really, Adele?”
“Yes, I need to tell you what is wrong with this girl without the mother hearing; she’s in denial and she won’t admit that her daughter is dying. I have to tell you if you’re going to help.”
“What the hell is wrong with her?” 
“The mother knows, but she wouldn’t listen to the doctor’s when they told her that her daughter wouldn’t live past the age of five. She came to me for help, and now she’s living in false hope. I can’t save her child with magic, but I can make her life prolonged and less-painful.” 
“Adele, what’s wrong with her? Why is she dying?” Tears stung my eyes. 
“She has leukaemia.”

Chapter Fifteen
Dan

The house was small and nondescript. You would never guess that a banshee lived there. 
I walked up to the door alongside Sally. Her whole body was tense and perspiration dotted her forehead. I knew she didn’t want to show it, but she was as nervous as I was about talking to the banshee. 
“Do we just knock on her front door?” 
“I guess so. I don’t know how to address a banshee, though. Let’s just hope she doesn’t scream at us.” 
“I’ll cover my ears.” 
“We’re totally prepared,” Sally said as she thumped her fist against the red painted door. 
A minute later the door swung open to reveal a young woman, mid to late twenties. 
She had creamy skin and fiery red hair, with green eyes that sparkled with mischief. Her body was slim, but there was a noticeable bulge at her stomach. 
This woman was pregnant. 
“I don’t want to buy anything or give anything to charity. Call me a sinner or something like that but I don’t have any money spare.”
“We’re not here to sell you anything,” Sally said. “I’ve heard that a banshee lives here. Would you mind showing us to her?” 
The woman smiled. “I’m the bean sidhe.”
I let the gasp escape my lips. She turned her beautiful green eyes on me, narrowing them. “Am I not what you expected?” 
“I just thought…”
“You thought I would be a crazy old woman with tangled hair that runs barefoot through a forest and screams her lungs off, didn’t you? Well, I kind of can’t blame you. That’s the picture my ex got in her head when I told her about me. She packed up and left me here all alone and pregnant. I just feel sorry that I was the one who paid for the IVF and had to carry the baby. If she dares to try and take it from me after it’s born then she is going to have a perforated eardrum and then a mild case of death.”
“Uh…sorry?” I said. This woman was so weird.  
“You have nothing to feel sorry about.” She turned a dazzling smile on Sally, looking her up and down. “What are you here for?”
“We need some of your hair, ma’am.”
“My hair? Why on Earth would you need some of my hair?”
“Just a few locks, is all. We need banshee hair for the antidote to this poison. I won’t bore you with the facts.”
“How do I know that you won’t use it for a bad spell? Maybe you’ll kill people with it.”
“Can we come inside? I can’t explain why we need it out here–anyone could overhear us.”
“Fine. Come in.” She scowled at us as she opened the door wide. 
I carefully stepped inside. I didn’t know what I was worried about. It wasn’t like this woman was going to start screaming at me right now. 
Her house was normal, and there were photos of people on the walls, so I presumed these were her family members. 
There were also a few pictures of a woman with long blonde hair and warm brown eyes, and most of the pictures were of her and the banshee. I guessed this was the ex she was talking about. 
“Sit down wherever, and don’t touch anything,” the banshee said as she went into another room. 
Sally and I sat on a small sofa, so close that our thighs touched together. Sally rubbed her sweating hands on her jeans, looking increasingly nervous. 
“You think we’re going to get the hair?” I asked her.
“If we don’t then we’re screwed. She’s the only reported banshee in the country. Most of them are in Ireland or they’ve moved to America. We can’t afford to go that far.” 
“Stop whispering with each other,” the banshee said, sitting down opposite us with a cup of tea. “Tell me why you need my hair.” 
So we told her, filling in the bits and pieces. I told her about Matt, about how he lost his mother and sister, about how he was diagnosed with terminal cancer, about his relationship with Alice, and why he was so important. Sally filled in the bits about Alice, and by the end the banshee knew everything about The Saviours and about the Prophecy. 
“So by giving you some hair I’m helping to save the world? Yes, sure I’ll give you some.” Without another word, the banshee grabbed a pair of scissors and chopped some of her luscious hair off. 
She handed it to Sally who put it carefully in a plastic food bag. I just sat there, staring at the exchange between the two girls. 
“You two would be good together,” I commented before I realised what I was saying.
Sally looked at me sharply. “Why would you say that, Danny?” 
“You’re both so much alike. And you’re both… you know.”
“Lesbians?” Sally supplied. 
“Yeah. Sorry I said anything,” I mumbled, casting my gaze down. 
Sally thanked the banshee again and turned to me. “We better be off now. Dad will be wondering where we are.” 
“Goodbye, Sally,” the banshee said, and then she nodded at me, “Dan. I hope I’ll never see either of you again.”


Chapter Sixteen
Adara

I swished the water around in the chalice, watching the scene play out. Sally and Dan had seriously just gone to a banshee unarmed and unsupervised. 
But now I knew where a banshee was, and I could get a little secret army ready. Adele and I weren’t enough of a secret weapon; I had to get more people with a wider range of powers. A banshee would work perfectly.
I dumped the magical contents of the chalice into the sink and put the cup back in the kitchen cupboard. 
I called to Adele that I was leaving and she only nodded in acknowledgement, still working on a stronger medicine to give the little girl. 
I grabbed my broomstick and left the house, locking the door behind me. Glancing around, I made sure to check for mortals before lifting off into the air. 
I had borrowed one of Adele’s cloaks earlier, so I just flipped the hood up to make sure none of the other witches flying would be able to see my face. It was rush hour, so I was guaranteed to see a few of them flying around and rushing to business meetings and whatnot. 
Earlier, I had used the chalice so I could see what my family and friends were doing at the moment, but I could also see where they were. And now I needed to go and have a chat with a banshee. 
I flew into the countryside, basically the middle of nowhere, in search of the banshee house. Or the bean sidhe house, whatever you wanted to call them.
They were still monsters, whatever their name. 
I skidded to a halt outside a small house that didn’t really look like it harboured a banshee in it. It was small and had a cosy feel to it, not an I-can-kill-you-with-a-scream fell about it. 
I knocked on the door, leaning my broomstick against the odd brick wall. 
A stunningly beautiful woman opened the door, a look of anger on her striking face. She crossed her arms, leaning against the doorframe. 
“Another witch. Great.” 
I grinned at her. “So you’ve met my little sister, then.”
“Oh, you’re her sister. You do realise that she has what she came for, don’t you?” 
“She may have what she wants, but I don’t have what I want.” I beamed at her, trying to look as innocent as possible; I didn’t want this woman to be afraid of me, even if she was a monster. “May I come inside? It’s freezing out here.” For emphasis I shuddered, hugging myself. 
The woman sighed. “The broomstick stays outside.”
“Fine.” 
She let me inside, and I sat down on her sofa, my hands between my knees so that they warmed up; I didn’t lie about the freezing thing. 
I shivered as the banshee took a seat opposite me, an exasperated look on her face. Her swollen stomach stuck out more as she sat down, a thing that reminded me of the fact that I was asking a pregnant woman to fight The Old Ones, and whoever else came through the veil. 
“I need your help, Julie. Can I call you Julie?” I looked at her expectantly. 
She frowned. “My name’s Melody.”
“Okay, Julie, that’s kind of weird name for a banshee, don’t you agree?”
“Why is Melody a weird name for a banshee?”
“Because it makes it seem like you sing, but instead you just scream at the top of your lungs like a psycho.” 
Melody smiled. “You’re right, but it is my name. Anyway, some people hear my scream as a song. A haunting death song.”
“Are those people deaf?” 
Melody laughed – a sound that was like twinkling bells. “Of course not. Those people are dead.”   
I couldn’t stop myself from laughing at the morbid joke. 
The sound of the door opening sobered us both instantly. I jumped to my feet, holding my wand out ready for an oncoming attack. 
 “I’ll protect you, Melody,” I said quickly, while Melody opened her mouth, obviously ready to scream at the intruder. 
“Melody, I’m here for my stuff!” a woman’s voice yelled and I was instantly calmed. I sighed and turned to Melody, my eyebrow raised. 
“My ex,” Melody said as a blonde walked into the room. Anger and betrayal appeared on the blonde’s face when she caught sight of Melody. She then turned her gaze on me, and the expression turned into complete revolution. 
She frowned at Melody. “Have you already moved on?” The blonde’s eyes narrowed at me. “You do realise that our Melody here isn’t human, don’t you?”
I laughed. “I’m not human either, Blondie.”
“You’re a banshee too?”
“Nope, I’m much better than a banshee, no offence to Melody.” I smirked at the blonde, twirling the wand around my fingers. “I’m a witch, a dead witch no less.” 
I had expected the blonde to scream or faint, but she only sighed and turned back to Melody. “Are you seriously dating this freak? Do you believe her?”
I interjected, “Whoa, I’m not going out with Melody. I’m not on that team, if you know what I mean.”
“I’m sorry, Sabine. I should have told you about the other supernatural beings, including the witches and warlocks.”
“Are you telling me that this girl is a witch – that other monsters are real?”
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you. Sabine, you don’t have to believe me, but it would be good if you could, just so you’re safe.” Melody sat back down again, sighing. “Just go and get your stuff, Sabine. I was in the middle of having a conversation with a lovely young witch.”
Sabine stopped at the door, turning back to Melody. “Just answer me this, is our child going to be human?” 
“No, it won’t be.”
“It could be a boy.”
Melody sighed. “There are male banshees too, Sabine.”
“I still want to be involved, but I don’t think I can handle living with a banshee. I’m sorry, Mel.”
“Just get your stuff.” Sabine disappeared through the doorway and I turned back to the bean sidhe. 
Before I could say a word, she spoke, “What are you here for, Witch?”
“I’m kind of assembling a secret army, if you will. I want a secret weapon for the final battle, and I don’t want anyone but those who are in it to know about. That’s why I faked my own death before.”
“How many people are in this secret army of yours?”
“Well, at the moment it’s only me and one of the most powerful witches ever. You’d like her, seriously.”
“Are you going to get more supernatural beings to join?” I could Melody was intrigued. 
“Yep. And I want to move all of my special army to a safe house in Manchester, where you’ll all train and be prepared for the battle.”
“And do you expect me to just join? You do realise that I’m having a baby.”
“I do, and that’s why I know you’ll join. You want this world to be as safe as possible for your kid, and if loads of witches are running around trying to destroy the world then that’s not a very good environment for a child. Also, they’d probably be dead.”
Melody smiled at me, already getting to her feet. “You’re right. I’ll join in, but this isn’t for you. This is for my baby.”

Chapter Seventeen
Dan

“Are you two completely insane?!” Mr Connor yelled, causing me to take a step back in fright. 
His face was red with anger and his eyes were bulging. It was safe to say he was a very angry man. 
“You could have been killed, Sally! And you brought a mortal with you!”
“We were going to go anyway,” Sally mumbled. 
“But you were going to be prepared. You didn’t know if this banshee was crazy or not. She could have killed you both in a heartbeat.”
“But she didn’t,” I said weakly. 
“Dad, no one got hurt. Now, we’ve proven we’re completely capable of retrieving these ingredients, so what’s the next one? I’m ready to go.”
Mr Connor sighed and said, “The venom of a gorgon.”
Sally’s smile faltered only for a moment. “Okay, just give me an empty vial and the address of a gorgon and we’ll be on our way.”

“I can’t believe he just let us leave,” I said as we flew through the sky. The wind whipped my clothes and hair, and at this precise moment I was glad that Sally had short hair; if her hair was long and flowing then it would smack me in the face quite a lot.
“Yeah, well he couldn’t have stopped me!” Sally dived suddenly, almost knocking me off the broomstick. 
“Whoa!” I yelled as I gripped onto Sally’s waist. “What did you do that for?”
“To see if you would fall off.” 
“Thanks.” I slowly lowered my hands so they gripped the smooth wood of the broomstick. 
It slowly daunted on me that I seriously could have just died. My heart was thumping so much that I thought it would burst from my chest, showering Sally in all of my life blood. 
“I could have died,” I whispered. 
“Don’t be such a baby. I would have caught you, Danny.”
I wasn’t convinced. I seriously think Sally broke my brain, traumatised it so much I just snapped. Otherwise, why would I be hearing this persistent ringing in my ears? Maybe it’s just the altitude, I thought until Sally said, “Are you gonna answer your phone?” 
With flaming cheeks, I carefully pulled my phone from my pocket and answered it on like the millionth ring. 
“Hello?” 
“Dan? Thank God, I never thought I’d get through to you!” 
“Huh? Who is this?” 
“Kat, you idiot. My dad’s onto you lot. He said something about Matt not coming in for his check ups at the hospital. What should I do? I think he’s about ready to go over to his house, and when he finds that Matt’s not there he’s going to freak.” 
“Hmm,” I said. “I thought you’re mother was a witch?” 
“My mother is dead. She died three years ago, and on her death bed she told me how disappointed she was that I wasn’t a witch.”
“Ouch, that had to hurt.” That was the only thing I could think to say. 
“Yeah,” Kat agreed. 
“So does your dad know about witches?”
“Kind of. Mum told him and he got her sectioned.”
I winced. “Okay, so I think it would be best if you just told him the truth. Get Francis or Holly to come and back you up, or even Gemma, if she isn’t too busy. If you have proof then he has to believe it.”
“I hope you’re right, Dan.”
“I’m never right.” I hung up and put the phone back in jacket pocket, all the while trying not to lose my balance and fall to my untimely death. 
“Try not to fall, Danny,” Sally said, and I just scowled at the back of her very pink head. 
She lowered the broomstick and we began to descend. The freezing air blew at my skin, causing me to shiver uncontrollably. 
“It’s freezing! Where are we?”
“Scotland.” Sally touched down in the middle of the street, and no one even glanced our way. 
“Sally! What the hell are you doing?!”
“Relax, Danny. Everyone here knows about witches and magic. Why the hell do you think a gorgon would live here?” 
“Where are we?” 
“It doesn’t have a name, Danny. This is a special city that has magical wards and protection spells and casts on it. Everyone here lives here because they don’t want to be found. Most of these people are mortals, running away from something. But witches are here, as well as others, like gorgons or sirens.”
“How does everyone keep the secret?” I asked. 
“All of these people live here and keep the witches secret because the witches are the ones who protect them, who make them undetectable.”
“Why do they need to be undetectable?”
“Some of them have got into trouble with others, some have committed crimes, and some have just run away from home. There are other reasons too, but that would take too long to go through.”
“Have some of these people killed others?”
Sally nodded. “Yes, yes they have.”
“Great,” I whispered. “Just Great.”

Chapter Eighteen
Adara

The banshee sat on the sofa, sipping a cup of tea. My hands trembled as I poured my own cup. Thankfully, Adele wasn’t home when I arrived with the banshee, but I was dreading her return. 
“Who else lives here?” Melody asked as she looked around.
“I don’t technically live here,” I admitted. “I’m just staying until the final battle, and the witch, Adele, is the one who really owns this house.”
“Will she be okay with me staying here?”
“She’ll love it,” I said quickly. “Adele doesn’t have many friends around.”
“Adara, who in God’s name are you talking to?” Adele asked as she dumped the house keys in the little bowl. She hadn’t even glanced my way yet. 
“Uh, I’ve been talking to Melody.” I gestured at the banshee with my sweating hands. 
“And who is Melody?” Adele shrugged her coat off and finally looked at us both, an irritated look on her face. I didn’t have to answer her though. 
Adele suddenly shrieked, backing away from the banshee. She reached inside her sleeves, where I knew she kept a fold-up wand. 
“Adele, don’t!” I yelled, jumping between the banshee and my sister. “Melody is a guest in this house.”
“She is a banshee!” 
“She is going to help us fight The Old Ones. I’m sorry for just bringing her here so suddenly but we need all the help we can get.”
“But she’s a banshee,” Adele said, glaring at Melody. “Do you know what they made banshees do to me when I was with the dark witches?”
“No. What did they do?”
“They made banshee’s wail into my ears. I died at least a dozen times, and each time they dragged me back from the very brink of death. They tried to make the super witch, impervious to all attacks. I kept dying and they kept bringing me back, until I finally figured out how to block a banshee’s wail.”
“God, Adele. I’m sorry.” 
Adele smiled brightly. “But I guess I should just forgive and forget. I can’t keep living in the past.”
“Can Melody stay here?”
“Sure, I can magic up a few spare rooms.” 
“Thanks, Adele. You’re the best sister ever.”
“Don’t say things that you don’t mean,” Adele warned. “I know you love Alice and Sally more than you do me.”
“Alright, but you’re not the worst sister. That award surely goes to Bethany.” 
Adele smiled, obviously agreeing with me. She then walked into the kitchen, rifling inside the fridge. “Melody, what to you like to eat? I’m cooking dinner tonight.” I stared at her, leaning against the doorframe. In the light cast by the fridge, I could see the ghastly marks on her neck better. 
Most of them were various symbols from different religions and cultures which were supposed to help her become the most powerful dark witch in the world, but some of the marks were put there just to torture her and see if she could protect herself from the blade that marred her skin and her soul. 
I could recognise a few of them. 
Ankh, an ancient symbol for eternal life, shaped like a cross with a handle, stuck out at me. It obviously didn’t grant her eternal life, but I suppose it did protect her to some degree. 
There was just a simple circle, which meant unity and wholeness, as well as the goddess and female power. It, of course, also represented the sun. Similar to that symbol, there was also one called the quartered circle, which I thought was linked to all of the elements, but a lot of pagans consider it the main symbol for transmitting the energy of their goddess. I seriously had no idea why that was on her skin, but I guess the dark witches just thought the more symbols they crammed onto her skin the better. 
Adele also had a crescent moon just above her breasts, in the centre of her chest. It was the symbol of the crone, or an aging goddess. Both sides of the witches, the Dark and the Light, had a crone. Instead of being a goddess, our crones were really old witches who were supposed to be all-powerful and wise, and they were supposed to help sway witches onto their correct paths, which were usually the path to chaos or peace, Dark or Light. 
As well as a crone, each side had a group of Elders, who were the most respected and powerful witches. They were supposed to make decisions for the good of the witching community, and they were also supposed to preserve the old magic teachings, which were now getting ignored by arrogant young witches and warlocks, just like me. 
Damn, we young people are just complete asses. 
“Why on earth are you staring at my breasts?” Adele asked as she pulled bacon from the fridge.
“I’m not,” I said quickly, averting my gaze. 
“Hey, Banshee, is a bacon sandwich all right for you?” Adele yelled as she rifled through the cupboards. 
“Yeah, thanks, Adele!” 
“Thanks for asking me what I want,” I muttered and Adele glared at me, continuing with her cooking. 
“Can’t you go check your chalice again?” Adele said to me. “In fact, go do whatever the hell you want, just get out of my way while I’m cooking.”
“Okay, Moody.” I walked out of the kitchen and up the stairs, heading to my room. Or my temporary room. 
I yanked my clothes off and shoved them into the tiny wardrobe, already pulling out the grandma-looking nightgown. I didn’t care about dinner; I was just so really suddenly tired…
I didn’t even get to the bed before everything went black. 

Chapter Nineteen
Dan

“Where the hell are we going?” I questioned as we walked through the bustling streets. 
“A pet shop,” replied Sally. 
“Uh, why?”  
“The gorgon works there.” 
I just stared at her. 
“Everyone has to make a living, Danny,” Sally said, not even glancing my way. “The gorgon works at the pet shop because she needed the work, and I think she kind of likes it there. The have snakes there, so I suppose her hair has some mates now.”
“Her hair?” 
“Ever heard of Medusa? Her hair was made of snakes, and the same goes for every gorgon. That’s why we need the venom of one of her snakes.”
“Is she going to kill us?” 
“Maybe, maybe not.” Sally grinned and suddenly stopped in front of a shop. “Anyway, if she does it’ll be a nice surprise.”
She pushed open the door to what I presumed was the pet shop, and a little bell sounded overhead. The smell of animals hit me and I almost gagged. I never really liked animals, any animals. 
Sally powered on, heading from the reception desk. A woman stood behind the desk, tall and beautiful with an air of authority, her eyes covered by sunglasses even though we were indoors. But she also had a mass of writhing snakes on her head.
“Jesus!” I yelled, falling into a bunch of straw, or hay, or whatever the hell it was. It was comfy, though. 
The snakes curling around her were long and sleek, all of them as black as coal. They hissed at Sally and she only smiled, still approaching the gorgon as if she was any old human. 
“Witch,” the gorgon hissed, just like her hair. 
“Gorgon,” Sally responded, leaning against the desk. “Will you please tell your hair to calm down as they are freaking out my associate?” 
The gorgon muttered something under her breath and the snakes calmed instantly, wrapping around each other and around her neck. 
“I have no business with you witches,” the gorgon said. “I’ve paid my rent.” 
“We’re not here for rent,” Sally said as I finally scrambled to my feet. “We just need some of your venom and then we’ll be on our way.”
“What do you need it for?”
“A potion.” 
“What sort of potion? I will not help you create something that will harm others.”
Sally turned to me, an exasperated look on her face. “What is it that makes people think that I want to kill loads of people?”
“Maybe it’s your hair,” I said, and she shot a turn-to-stone-glare at me that could rival the powers of the gorgon. 
“Shut up, Danny.” 
“I was only making a suggestion,” I said. 
“You are not paid to make suggestions.”
“I am not paid or anything.” 
“Well, that is why you are not paid!”
“Will you two just stop bickering for one minute?!” yelled the gorgon. 
We both shut up and turned to the gorgon. 
“Now, what is the purpose of this potion, and who the hell are you two?” 
“Well, I’m Sally Connor and this idiot is Daniel Norris. We are both here inquiring the venom of your fine snakes for a healing potion, or an antidote to a poison that has plagued my sister and Daniel’s best friend.”
“Sally, why are you speaking so posh?”
“Shut up, Danny. I’m trying to do business.”
“Go ahead with your business.” I stepped aside and swept my hand as a ‘go on’ sort of gesture, but as I did so a wave of fatigue overcame me. 
I toppled and crashed to the ground, preparing myself for a visit with Claire. 

I sat up and rubbed my head, already searching for Claire. She was leaning against a large boulder, drenched from head to toe in blood. 
She spotted me and waved, grimacing in pain as she did so. 
I jogged over to her, already checking her over for wounds. As far as I could see, there was just a small cut above her left eyebrow.
“What happened to you?” 
“The Old Ones kind of attacked me,” Claire said. “I got a little stabbed and thrown about, but everything’s good.”
“Stabbed?”
“Yeah, but I can barely feel anything now.”
“Where did you get stabbed?”
“Stomach, leg and back.” 
“Three places!” I stared at her, my mouth gaping open stupidly. “I’d be on the floor crying like a baby if I was you.”
“I know you would, Danny,” Claire said, shifting her feet and grimacing. 
“Let me have a look at your wounds,” I said. “My mum’s a nurse.”
“And that makes you a nurse now? What logic are you using?”
“My epically flawed logic. Now, let me get a look at them, darling.” 
“Darling? Don’t you ‘darling’ me!” Claire glared at me, but pain flashed in her eyes, if only briefly.
“Show me your wounds. Maybe we can soak them in sea water or something.”
“Danny, I’m dying.” Claire winced and trailed her hand on the boulder, leaving behind a bloody print. “I’m going to bleed out, and there is nothing you can do.”
“But you can’t die! You’re already dead!” 
“I can die as many times as possible, Danny. I’ll just come straight back, appearing on this beach again. That’s how it works.”
“How many times have you already died here?”
“Hundreds. I’ve lost count, Danny. Will you just wait here with me while I, you know, die?” 
“If I don’t get dragged back home then yeah, sure I’ll stay.” 
Claire nodded and sat down, leaning back against the boulder as if it was a cushion. I parked myself on the sand next to her, realising when I woke up I’d probably have sand down my butt. 
Claire leaned her head on my shoulder and I scanned the beach for some baddies, such as The Old Ones, even if I have no idea what they looked like. 
A figure with blonde black hair suddenly appeared on the beach, lying face-down. Slowly, the girl pushed herself up onto her elbows and then she raised her head. 
I really couldn’t believe it. 
Getting to her feet right in front of me was Adara Connor, a dead girl walking. 

Chapter Twenty
Adara

“Adara?” 
The voice was unsure and questioning, startling me while I spat sand out of my mouth. 
I looked up and saw Dan sat next to Claire, both of them gawping at me as if I had just come back from the dead. Oh wait…
“Hey guys,” I said casually, weighing up my options. 
The urge to flee was immense, but I forced my legs to carry me over to Dan. He stared at me, obviously not believing his eyes. 
“Adara? How…? How long have you been stuck here?” Tears threatened to flow over the sides of his eyes. 
“She hasn’t been stuck here,” Claire said in a raspy voice, contorting her face in pain. “I would have known. Danny, Adara isn’t dead.”
“Huh? Of course she’s dead! I saw her myself, we buried her!” 
“She’s right, Mortal-boy. I didn’t die; I only made you think I was dead.”
“Why? Adara, why would you do that?” Hurt flashed in his eyes, making my heart ache by just looking at him. 
I sat next to him, folding my legs beneath me. I tried to reassure him by patting his leg but he flinched and moved away, snuggling in closer to the obviously injured Claire. 
Tears stung my eyes. “I’m so sorry, Dan. I didn’t mean to hurt you, but I’ve been doing something in secret.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Danny, I’ve been creating a secret group of people who are going to be our secret weapon for the final battle. You see, if no one knew about it then it would surprise the enemies.”
“What enemies?”
“The dark witches. Don’t be so naïve thinking it’s just going to be you against The Old Ones. The dark witches will be there to defend their own people. They want The Old Ones to rise.”
“So you’re making a secret army to surprise people?” 
“Yes. I’m sorry, Dan. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“But you did.” He wiped his eyes with his sleeve. “Who the hell is part of this secret club then? I can’t imagine many people would want to join something created by a dead girl.”
“I only have two other people at the moment, but I will get more. I’m going to go to all the supernatural bars and clubs. I’m sure I’ll find some soldiers there.”
“Who’ve you got? Or rather what have you got?”
“I have the most powerful dark witch-turned-light witch. She’s redeemed herself, really she has. She’s even opened a clinic to help ill mortals who know about witches.” 
“So that makes it okay. What did she do as a dark witch? Kill mortals? Torture them?”
“She was taken from her family at a very young age and tortured by the dark witches. Out of a group of twenty girls, she was the only survivor. They figured she was more powerful so they began the torture anew. They took her to the brink of death and pulled her back again just to make her a better witch. They carved symbols into her skin while she was screaming and they made her do horrible things that would give you nightmares. But everything they did worked; they made her into the most powerful dark witch. The dark witches just didn’t anticipate that she would turn on them, try to kill them for the things they did to her and the other girls.” Tears rolled down my cheeks. “And she is my sister, and I love her no matter what.”
“That was a powerful speech,” Claire said dryly. 
“I know, thank you. Are you almost dead yet?” I figured by the look of her that the wounds she had sustained were serious. 
“Almost, thanks for reminding me, Adara.”
“Can you two be serious for one moment?” Dan yelled, glaring at us both angrily with red-rimmed eyes. 
“Did you not just hear that moving and powerful speech I just gave, Mortal-boy? I was quiet impressed with it, to be honest.”
“Alright, now that we know one of the members of your group is a powerful dark witch who just happens to be your sister, we can move on to the next member.” 
“Okay, I know you won’t like this, but I recruited the banshee you got the hair from. She’s a nice girl, you know.”
“The pregnant banshee? You brought a pregnant woman into this! What were you thinking, Adara?”
“Holly’s already a part of this and she’s pregnant.”
“Yes, she was already a part of this before she was pregnant. You’ve just dragged a sort-of-innocent woman into this.”
“It was her choice, thought.”
“But you’re the one who asked her, Adara. Did you tell her that she might die fighting for this cause?”
“She knows the risks.” I avoided his eyes and dug my fingers in the warm sand, trying to distract myself from the guilt building up inside of me. 
“Does she really though? She shouldn’t even be bothered; this is witch business, not banshee business.”
“This is everyone’s business! If The Old Ones rise, then we are all dead, and they will not discriminate between species.”
“But it is not her fight. This is the fight for Matt and Alice.”
“It doesn’t mean that they can’t have help! They’re both just children, and Matt’s dying for Christ’s sake! They can’t do this by themselves!” 
“Yes, help by their friends and other witches. Banshees do not need to get involved at all,” Dan said. 
“We are all supernatural beings together. Shouldn’t we be united?” 
“In case you’ve forgotten, I am not a supernatural being. I’m just plain old Dan, dragged into this because my best friend is supposed to save the world.”
“You are a remarkable boy, Dan.” I grabbed his hand, not even bothering to wipe the tears from my eyes. “You are special no matter who your friends are.”
“Don’t you wonder what life would be like if Matt and Alice had never met?” 
“Then we’d all die, Mortal-boy.” I leaned forward and snaked my hands around his neck, drawing him in. 
“We still might,” he whispered. 
“Then we better make the most of it.” 
Chapter Twenty-One
Dan

“Claire’s disappeared,” Adara said to me as she snuggled deep into my chest, inhaling deeply. 
“Dead?” I questioned, stroking her long black hair. 
“She’ll come back, though, Dan. She’ll be grand.”
“I hope so,” I said truthfully as a torrent of darkness crashed over me, with no warning at all. 

I sat up and stared into Sally’s slate grey eyes. Another face hovered above me, but this one had the darkest sunglasses possible obscuring the eyes. 
“You passed out, Danny,” Sally said while I blinked rapidly, trying to stop her face from getting blurred. 
“What is wrong with him?” the gorgon asked, while they both pulled me to my feet.
“A lot of things, but nothing physically.”
“Nothing is wrong with me,” I said. “I’ve just had a little trip to Judgment.” I had to bite my lip to make sure I didn’t mention Adara. She had told me the less people know about her being alive the better. 
“Great, what happened?” 
“Claire died, and I totally hooked up!” I couldn’t stop myself from blabbing it out. Damn, I’m an idiot, just shoot me now. 
“With Claire?” Sally scrunched her face up, pulling a disapproving expression. “I don’t recommend going out with a dead chick, Danny.”
“Not with Claire!” I said quickly and then realised I should just stop talking, or I might as well just chuck myself off a cliff or something. “With a very pretty witch who is totally into me. No more questions, Sally.” I hoped that would satisfy her thirst for knowledge. 
“I can read your mind,” said Sally, smiling. 
My eyes widened and I just stared at her, horrified. If she could read my mind then she knew that Adara was alive. Damn it! Stop thinking about Adara!
Sally laughed, bending over and gasping for air. “Your face! Jesus, Dan, I can’t read your mind! I’m not strong enough yet, and if I tried I’d have to be in contact with you.” She arched her eyebrow, the smile never fading from her lips. “Just your expression tells me it’s someone I know. But who would I know in Judgment? Hmm, maybe someone else is having mysterious visits there. Gemma, maybe?”
I blanched, reeling back as if I had just been slapped. “Gemma’s a kid!”
“So are you, Danny.”
“That’s just sick, Sally. I’m not even going to continue this conversation with you. Anyway, shouldn’t you be focusing on Medusa over here?” I gestured at the woman with the thrashing black snakes as hair. 
“While you were sleeping, I talked to her and she agreed to give me some venom. Job done, Danny.” Sally held up the vial with a yellowish liquid in triumphantly. “It’s time to go.”
“Thanks for doing everything without me,” I muttered as we walked out of the pet shop.
“Dan, you would not be able to negotiate with a gorgon. I barely managed it.”
“Sure, Sally. You just don’t want me to be involved in the big bad magical world.”
“That’s just stupid, Danny. You are involved. Heck, you’ve even rode a freaking broomstick! Just get over yourself and carry on with the task at hand.”
I nodded sullenly. “Fine. Where to next?”
“Back home. Dad will give us another ingredient to find.” Sally paused and continued. “He has Francis out every weekend looking for stuff as well. We’re all under pressure.”
“Damn right. Is that your subtle way to tell me to stop being a baby because everyone else is having a hard time too?”
Sally nodded, grinning at me. “Come on. Let’s jump on the broomstick and fly far away from this dump.”
I hopped onto the broomstick and Sally sat in front of me, our feet already lifting off of the ground. 
“Two down,” Sally said as we soared through the air, “about a gazillion more to go!” 
“There can’t be that many ingredients,” I moaned. 
“There can be. But we’ll get them all sorted out. It’ll be fine.” 
“I hope so.” 

I flopped down, my eyes growing heavy. Francis and Holly were sat on the sofa opposite me, curled up together like the happy couple they were. 
Sally was with her dad, sorting out something for the next ingredients or something else as equally tiring and boring. 
Tiring…
Damn it, I was going to Judgment again. 
But then I remembered, and a smile fell onto my lips. Adara would be there, and then she and I will kiss and maybe more. Hopefully more. 
But it was just more than the kissing. It was seeing her and knowing she was alive that made me have a warm buzz throughout my body. 
I was going to see her again.
My smile widened. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                    
I sat up on the beach, already looking around for the woman of my dreams. She was asleep next to me, her long black hair shrouding some of her face from me. 
“Hello, Adara.” I dipped down and kissed her neck and she moaned and tilted her face up so that my lips touched hers. 
“Hello, Mortal-boy,” Adara Connor said as she rolled over, snaking her arms around my neck. 
I was beneath her now, and she sat on top of me, kissing trails down my body and all over my face. How the hell had this happened? 
“I love you, Dan Norris,” Adara breathed down my ear. 
“I love you too, Adara Connor,” I said back and we rolled over again, me on top now. 
“Ugh, you two get a damn room,” Claire said, making us both immediately leap to our feet. 
“Hey, you’re back!” I said, wrapping her in a bone-crunching hug. 
“I’ve been back for a while now. In fact, I was watching you two swallow each other whole there.”
“Always a pleasure to see you, Claire,” Adara said hugging the girl briefly. 
“The same with you, Adara.” Claire flashed a toothy grin at her and Adara returned the smile. She looked between them and a knowing look passed on her face. “I’m going to leave and chat to a few witches with premonitions. I know you two lovebirds want some time alone.”
“If you’re going, you might as well go now,” Adara said. 
“I will, Adara. You two just carry on with your canoodling, or more.” Claire winked at me and headed across the beach, away from us both. 
“Want to get back to canoodling. And more?” Adara asked me and I nodded, smiling at her happily. 
I’ve come to realise that my happiest moments are the ones that I spend with Adara Connor, the woman of my dreams. 

Chapter Twenty-Two
Adara

The sun beamed down on Dan and I, warming us as we lay with each other, our bodies entwined. I rested my head against his chest, listening to his breathing. 
“I love you, Adara,” Dan said to me. 
I smiled happily at him. “I love you more, Mortal-boy. Especially after that.”
“That was good for you?” He sounded shocked, as if he thought I didn’t really like it. 
“That was great for me,” I replied, running my fingers down his chest. 
“Good. Great. I love you.” He kissed me and I wrapped my arms around his neck, wrapping myself further around him. 
“You make my life worth living,” I responded. 
“We are sounding very cheesy right now.”
“I know.” And then my surroundings started to spin and I was clutching to Dan, trying to stop the craziness. 
“See you soon, Adara!” Dan called to me as we were pulled apart.
“Soon,” I echoed and everything went black. 

I woke up in my bed, tucked in the sheets. Apparently, I had banged my head so hard on the wooden floors that I didn’t wake up the first time I left Judgment. I just slept. Something I didn’t really do much of lately. But then I had been dragged back to Judgment, and I spent an amazing day/night/whatever-it-was with Dan. 
Things worked out pretty well, apart from getting a massive lump on my forehead from when I smashed my head into the floor. That I really could have lived without.
“You’re awake,” Adele commented when my eyes first fluttered open. 
I groaned and rubbed my forehead, already getting a killer headache. Melody and Adele were sat at my bedside, watching me expectantly, but I’m pretty sure Melody was only half watching me. It looked as if she was playing a game on her phone, to be honest.  
“I know I’m awake,” I said to her, pushing myself up into a sitting position. 
“It was so scary,” Melody said in a rush. “I was coming up looking for my room, and then I walked in, and you’re just sprawled out on the floor, unconscious and bleeding!”
“Yeah, yeah. I know I passed out.”
“What happened? I used all of my magic to test you for illnesses, and I came up with nothing,” Adele said to me. 
“I had a little trip to Judgment. I met up with Dan” –
“But I thought Dan thought you were dead,” Adele said. 
– “He did, until I told him I wasn’t dead. And then we spent the day together, and we, you know.” I gave them a look that ensured they knew exactly what I was talking about. 
“Ooh, so you’re really not as innocent as before,” Adele said.
“Like I’ve told you, I was never innocent. Anyway, he told me that he was out getting venom from a gorgon, so I think that’s our next recruitment. A gorgon would be a powerful ally in the final battle.”
“Gorgons don’t usually like associating witch witches.”
“But what if we make it worth it? Adele, I’m sure you can cook up some fancy contact lenses for a gorgon to wear, can’t you? You know something that allows them to look at other people without them turning to stone.”
“I can cook something up, but it will be trial and error. It’ll take maybe a few months, but it will work.”
“Can you make something that will just protect us while you’re working on the real deal? The contact lenses can wait, I guess, but I think it would make her trust us more if we could make it so she can at least look at us, if not everyone else.”
“Yeah, I can do that.” Adele smiled. “I’ll make it tonight and we can bargain with it tomorrow. Where does she live?”
“That unnamed place where witches live with humans in peace and harmony, that’s where she is.”
“Great, we can look around a bit after and see if we can do some recruiting.”
“Other than witches what other supernatural creatures live there?” Melody asked. 
I smiled. “All of them. Almost every type of supernatural creature lives there.”

“What can I do for you?” the gorgon asked, leaning on the countertop, a bored expression on her face. 
“Miss Cavanaugh, I’m here to make a deal with you,” I said to the gorgon, casually stepping over a packet of dog food and approaching the girl, trying not to let the panic that was flooding through my body show.
“What sort of deal, witch?” Penelope Cavanaugh asked me, pushing her sunglasses further up her nose. 
“My friend here is a very powerful witch, and she has created something that I think will peak your interest.”
“I’m listening.”
Adele stepped forward and rolled her sleeve up, showing her the symbol she had burned onto her wrist. I now had an identical mark, and so did Melody. It made us impervious to the stare of a gorgon. 
“Anyone who has this symbol burned into their skin can look into the eyes of a gorgon,” Adele said. “And I am working on a type of contact lens that will allow you to look at humans. In return for this, we want you to help us in the final battle.”
“I don’t want to get involved in witch business. Anyway, I can hardly be normal with these snakes on my head.”
“I can fix that too. I’m sure I can give you something that will give you normal hair. What colour do you want?”
“I’ve always been a blonde at heart,” Penelope said, finally breaking out in a grin. 
“We have a deal then?”
Slowly, she took her sunglasses off, showing her clear grey eyes. “We have a deal.”

Chapter Twenty-Three
Dan
Two Weeks Later

“Where are we going now?” I moaned at Sally. 
“Blackpool.” Sally flashed a smile at me as we soared through the air, the wind smacking us both in the face. 
“I love Blackpool!” I said to her. “Those donkey rides are so cool!”
“Then you’ll love who we’re going to meet.”
“I don’t get what you’re saying to me,” I told her, bewildered. 
“You will soon.” She smiled mischievously and I just frowned at her. A few minutes later, we were landing on the beach, already glancing around to see if anyone saw us. 
“Ugh, I suppose you’ve had enough of beaches lately,” Sally said, her expression one of distaste. 
I shook my head, reliving the utterly perfect moments I spent with Adara on the beach in Judgment. I slept as much as I could, especially after I realised that Adara was still alive and she could go to Judgment now. 
“Well, I hate beaches. All the sand gets stuck in my shoes and in all nooks and crannies.” Sally shuddered. “Hate ‘em with passion, I do.”
Sally led me off the beach, trailing her broomstick behind her carelessly. I kept my pace with her, inhaling the salty-sea air. 
“Where are we going?”
“A bed and breakfast, kind of. For supernatural creatures.”
“Why is everything for supernatural creatures? Can’t we once have a lovely trip out that doesn’t include anything abnormal?”
“That’s not how witches roll, Danny. You of all people should know that little fact by now.”

The bed and breakfast was just a normal terraced house, squashed between two other B&B’s boasting cheaper prices and sales. This B&B didn’t have any prices, in fact, it looked very uninviting. I guess that’s because the guests aren’t human.
Sally walked up the tiny gravel path and opened the door to reveal a dark reception area with solid black walls and a Goth girl manning the desk. 
She was deathly pale and wore too much makeup. Her hair was jet black with green and blue stripes running through, and she had (what I hoped were) fake stitches along her neck, arms and face. Knowing what this place was, it wouldn’t surprise me if she was a zombie.
“Hey, I’m a witch,” Sally said to the girl, holding up her broomstick as a sort of proof. “Can I have a room for the night? For two people?”
A smile crept onto the girls face. “Double or two singles?”
“Two singles!” Sally and I both said quicker than the speed of light. 
The girl nodded. “That’ll be fifty pounds, including free drinks at the bar and breakfast.” She handed Sally a rusty room key. 
Sally thanked her and I followed her through to another room. To my utter surprise, this room was well lit and cheerful. There were stairs off to one side, leading up to the upstairs rooms, and quite a few doors led off into ground-floor rooms. 
The room we were in acted as a dining room, living room, and a bar. Sofas were set off to one corner where a group of serious looking people sat around, sipping coffees and teas. 
The dining area was populated by a few people, one of whom had horns sprouting from his forehead. The bar had a lone man on it, and he looked like he was quickly drinking his way into oblivion. He also had a tail. 
“Quit staring at them, Danny,” Sally whispered at me as we walked across the room. 
“How can I not stare?” I replied, scanning the room again. “These people are not human.”
“Not mortal. They’re not mortal,” Sally corrected softly. “All of them have some aspects of humanity.” We walked over to the stairs and Sally ascended first, checking behind to see if I had been snatched away or something like that. 
We passed a girl with actual vines and leaves as hair, as well as light green skin. She nodded briefly at us and continued talking to a potted plant. Jesus, this place is seriously weird. 
“Lucky thirteen,” Sally said and we stopped in front of the door. 
“Great. I knew this would happen.”
She unlocked the door and went in, and I was greeted with a surprisingly normal looking room. I guess all the dark gothic stuff was just to scare off potential mortal customers. 
“I call this bed!” I flopped down on the bed closest to the window as Sally leaned her broomstick against the floral-wallpapered wall. I stared at her as she slipped her knee-high boots off. “What are we here for?”
“A centaur called Destiny. My dad got a call that she was sighted here, and we need something from her for the antidote. It’s the last ingredient, Danny. We’re almost there.”
I sighed in relief. “Thank God. All this flying about is tiring.”
“Yeah, I suppose it is.”
“What do we need anyway? Her teeth? Her hair?”
“We need one of her magical gold horseshoes. And if she won’t give it up, then we’re going to have to steal it from her.”
“From her foot?” I stared at Sally in disbelief. 
“What?” She arched a brow at me, grinning. “I never said this would be easy.”

Chapter Twenty-Four
Adara

The gorgon stared at herself in the mirror, fixing clips into her newly blonde hair. Her glacial grey eyes still looked like she couldn’t believe the transformation, and to be honest neither could I. 
A fortnight ago Penelope Cavanaugh had been a terrifying monster with snakes for hair that couldn’t look at people without the fear of turning them to stone. Now she was a pretty girl with blonde hair who could at least look at me and the rest of my ‘secret weapon’. 
I pulled my long dress on, keeping my eye on the girl. She was a fragile thing, but most things were, if they were truly being honest. I was worried she was getting too much hope up, and if she ended up being disappointed then it might just crush her. If she even survived the final battle, then there was no guarantee that the contact lenses would work, even made by someone as skilled as Adele. 
“Why do we need to get so dressed up for dinner at a crappy B&B?” Penelope scrunched her face up in disgust as she looked around the room with the flat-pack furniture and floral walls. 
“We are doing some recruiting. We may have to flirt with the males.” I winked at Penelope, but the real reason we were getting dressed up was to keep my mind off what could be true; clothes always made me feel better about things. 
“So we are going to flirt our way into getting a secret army ready? Great, but I’m not very good with the whole flirting thing. I’ve not really had the chance, what with the snakes for hair and the death stare.”
“Well, here’s your chance, Medusa,” I told her, slipping my shoes on. “Now, are you almost finished staring at yourself like an idiot? We’re kind of on a time schedule, if you haven’t already noticed.”
“I was waiting for you.” Penelope stood up and brushed her hands down her long flowing skirt, making sure she looked okay. “Ready to go?”
“Ready. Wait, sunglasses, Medusa.” 
Penelope sighed and pulled her designer sunglasses on, immediately shrouding her eyes. “Now that you can see me I just forget, you know?”
“I think you’ve proven that it is very dangerous to be forgetful. How many people could you have killed?” As we walked out of the room, I smoothed down my blonde wig, making sure it was secure and in place. I couldn’t have anyone recognising me. 
We passed a woman actually talking to a potted plant on the way, causing me to burst out in laughter, dragging Penelope down with me. 
We both staggered to the stairs, tears running down our faces as we tried to stop laughing. Even to a gorgon and a supposedly dead witch, that woman was so weird it was laughable. She deserved a medal or a world record. Seriously. 
In the dining room/living room/bar, a few creatures milled about, usually by themselves. I kid thee not; I think that horse sat by the bar is actually a unicorn. 
“We fit in well here,” Penelope commented, taking a seat at the bar, seemingly unfazed by the drinking unicorn. 
“Yeah, real well.” I glanced around and looked for some potential recruits. 
A necromancer sat by himself in the corner of the room, flipping through a newspaper and checking the obituary. No, I wouldn’t work well with a necromancer. 
A goddamn demon was logged onto one of the available computers, his horns clearly protruding from his forehead, and I realised that he wouldn’t do either. Demons were untrustworthy. 
That left an elf couple eating dinner. No flirting going on there, then. Well, I just presumed they were dating; they could be good friends, though. 
“Them?” Penelope nodded over at the elf couple, already holding a drink that seemed to materialise out of thin air. 
“I suppose so. We need to act casual.” I planted a welcoming smile on my face and weaved my way through the tables to reach the quietly eating couple. 
The man looked up at me and his belt. He had a hidden knife there. 
“I don’t think so,” I told him. I flicked my wrist and the knife flew into my grip.
Penelope and I pulled chairs up and sat with the couple, still smiling as if we were all old friends catching up after a long time. The elf woman looked at us with a worried look on her thin face. 
With her long dark hair tucked behind her ears, you could see the delicate point of them, giving them both away as elves. But elves didn’t just have pointy ears. They aged at half the normal rate of mortals and were usually deadly with swords and bows. They were also extremely agile and amazing at crafts and woodwork. This meant they would be good allies for the final battle. 
“Now, I consider you both my friends. I’m sure you feel the same way, so to be good friends we need to know each others names. I am Adara Connor and this lovely young lady is Penelope Cavanaugh. As you can probably tell, I’m a witch, but you probably don’t know what Penelope is. She’s a gorgon. Okay, now it’s your turn, but we already know your species.” I kept my smile all through the speech. 
The woman spoke first in a shaky voice. “My name is Shezadi McKenna. As you know, I am an elf.”
I grinned at her. “You see, that wasn’t so bad. Now you tell us your name.” 
He glared at me, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “My name is Ayrton McKenna. Now, what to you two want with us? If it is simply to kill us, then get along with it. I don’t like waiting.”
“Actually, I’m not here to kill you. We want you to help us at the final battle against The Old Ones and some other nasty dark witches. Interested?”
Ayrton nodded, sitting forward. His thick dark hair fell in front of his eyes but he made no move to swipe it out of the way. His full attention was on me. “Tell me more.”
So I did. 

Chapter Twenty-Five
Dan
 
  As we walked into the bar, I barely glanced at the four people in the corner, talking in hushed tones. I was too busy gawking at the binge drinking unicorn, really. 
“Unicorns are real!” I hissed at Sally as we walked and sat at a dining table. 
“Yes, I know that,” Sally answered, scanning other the menu. “They’re extremely rare, though. I guess that’s why this one’s an alcoholic. No one to relate to.”
“Are you joking? How many things are real, Sally? What, are dragons real now?”
“They’re not common, but yes they are.”
“Great. I’ve been living a life of lies.” I scanned the menu, drumming my other hand on the table nervously. 
“But you can see through the lies now.” Sally put her hand on my own reassuringly, stopping the nervous drumming. “Not many mortals have done that.”
“Not many mortals are as connected with this world as I am.” Something caught my eye and I just gawped like an idiot. 
The girl with blonde hair looked over her shoulder and glanced at me briefly, but then she immediately whipped her head back and gaped at me.
And then I was on my feet and so was she. We collided in the middle of the room and she crushed her mouth against mine.  Her hands wrapped and around my neck and I snaked my own around her waist, holding her tightly to me. 
I kissed her neck and she dug her hands into my hair. I could feel the burn of people’s stares but I didn’t care. 
Adara Connor was here, and that’s all that matters. 
“I love you, Dan Norris,” Adara gasped and I kissed her again, more ferociously this time. 
“Huh, did not expect that to happen,” Sally commented from behind and I finally broke free from Adara, instantaneously worried about what Sally was going to think. 
“Hey, little sis,” Adara Connor said to Sally, pulling the blonde wig from her head and letting it drop to the floor. 
Sally stared at her older sister, an unbelieving look on her face. And then gave her a crushing hug, and I worried for a moment that Sally would really kill her. 
“How…how are you alive?” Sally looked between me and her sister for answers, tears brimming in her eyes. 
“It’s a long story with exciting twists and turns,” Adara answered while I wrapped my arm around her waist, bringing her in closer to me. “Oh, and Mortal-boy knew I was alive so blame him for not telling you.”
“Hey!” I yelled at Adara. “You told me not to tell anyone!”
“You could have just ignored me and told Sally. I wouldn’t have blamed you if you had.”
“You would have blamed me.”
Adara smiled. “I know I would have.” 
“So you were lying.”
“I lie all the time, Danny. Here’s another one: your sex is the worst ever and I want to vomit when we do it. You see how easy I lied then?”
My cheeks flamed red. “Please don’t mention if I’m good in bed again.”
“I actually think I’m going to be scarred for life, now,” Sally muttered under her breath, but I could tell she was finding it hard to keep it together. Silent tears trickled down her face and she was shaking. Well, I guess that’s what finding out your dead-sister-who-really-isn’t-dead-isn’t-dead does to you. 
“Me too,” I said. “Now, Adara, what the hell are you doing here?”
“I am here recruiting people for the secret thingy.”
“The secret what? Huh?” Sally looked confused. 
“I’ll explain later,” Adara told her and she turned back to me. “I was just talking to this elf couple about it. Don’t they look like a nice couple, Dan?”
The female elf spoke up. “We are not a couple. I hoped this had been made clear.”
“What are you then?” I asked.
“We are brother and sister. Kin just like you and this girl are.” Then the girl looked at me with strangely dark eyes. “Just like you and the witch will be.”
“Marriage? Nope, man. I’m not going to marry Adara.”
“Why on earth not?!” Adara shouted at me, causing lots of creatures to turn and stare.
“I meant not yet. If we still feel the same in a few years then of course we’ll get married.”
“Good. Okay, so back to business,” Adara said, looking at the two elves. “Are you going to join us?”
The male elf shook her hand, a smile spreading across his face. “Yes, I will help. My sister will not, as she is too fragile a creature for such things.”
The female elf gave him a dirty look but kept quiet. 
“So you’ll come back with us to our safe house, then?” a girl who I vaguely recognised said to the elf. 
“No. I shall stay with my sister and join the battle when I am needed.”
“How will you know when you’re needed?” I said, confused. 
“I just will. Elves have many powers and abilities.” 
“I didn’t even know elves were real until a minute ago,” I said truthfully. “But good for you, for being one and all.”
“May we please continue with our meal?” the girl said to us and we all walked away and chose a different table to sit at. 
Adara and I sat next to each other and Sally and the blonde girl sat opposite, and the awkwardness commenced. 
We sat in silence for a few minutes, all the while my hand was trailing up and down Adara’s back and hers was touching my thigh. I edged closer to her until our thighs were pressed together. 
“My God, you two just go up to one of our rooms. You’re both itching to get into each other’s pants and I can’t stand this awkwardness anymore. Seriously Dan, just go ‘canoodle’ my sister already.”
She threw me our room key and Adara and I just looked at each other for a moment. And then smiles broke out on both our faces and we stood, hand in hand. 
I whispered, “I will love you forever and always.”
“Forever is a long time.” 

Chapter Twenty-Six
Adara

The waves crashed into the cliffs as I stared out into the sea. Dan was next to me, his warm body pressed against mine, my head on his strong (well, not very strong if I’m being honest) shoulders. 
Claire was nowhere to be seen, and for that I was glad. She was a real mood-killer. 
“Adara?” Dan said quietly. 
“Hmm?” I replied, tilting my head up toward him. 
“Do you ever think about the future? About our future, you know?” He sounded nervous, as if expected me to say that we didn’t have a future. 
“I don’t have time to think about the future,” I said, my mind wandering to the item inside of my purse. “When the fate of the entire world is at stake you really can’t stop and think about that kind of stuff. If we fail, we die, and then there will be no future for us at all.”
“But if we survive? I mean, would you think about our future then?” 
“Do you mean like marriage and kids? Yeah, Dan, I will. If things work out fine then of course I’ll think about that stuff.”
“Does that mean that you love me?”
“I’ve already told you that I love you. We’ve already made love. How else can I express my love for you?”
“I don’t know. It’s just that sometimes it’s like this is a dream. A year ago I would never have thought that I could end up with someone like you, but here we are. It’s just surreal, you know?”
“Everything about this, us, the world we live in, is surreal. You just have to power through and hope that you can make it through all of the weirdness and finally have a normal life.”
“We should already have a normal life. We’re just sixteen – we should be thinking about A levels and getting laid, but no, we’re thinking about saving the world from some batshit crazy witches. It just isn’t fair.”
“Have you not learnt by now?” I asked, smiling. 
“Learnt what?” He asked, looking very confused. 
“Life isn’t fair.” 

Dan was asleep next to me, his arm draped over the side of the bed, occasionally making snorting noises. Slowly and quietly, I climbed out of bed, scooping my purse off of the floor. 
Inside it was practically the key to my future. It would secure my fate. 
Five minutes later and I was sat on the toilet seat in the tiny bathroom, staring at the little pink stick in my hands. I shook it, as if hoping the results would change if I did so. 
Nope, they didn’t. Crap. 
“Damn it,” I said quietly, my leg bouncing up and down nervously. 
I dumped the pregnancy test into the bin and washed my hands in the sink, trying to ignore the fact that they were visibly shaking. 
God, this could not be happening to me. 
I went back into the room and laid down next to Dan, my back to him. Tears rolled down my face and soaked into the pillow, but I never made a sound. Never did anything that would make him think anything was wrong. 
But everything was wrong. 

In the morning I changed quickly, stepping back into my long dress and re-doing my makeup. Dan spent ages in the bathroom, and I could hear him singing in the shower. 
I smiled sadly as I got my shoes on. Dan was so innocent and child-like at the moment, and soon all of that would be taken away from him and replaced with a thing that wails more than a banshee. 
He came out of the bathroom later, looking oddly pale, but he still had a smile on his face. He wrapped me in his arms and I kissed him, wrapping my legs around his waist and only worrying for a moment if he could take my weight. 
“I found something in the bathroom,” Dan said to me as he pressed me against the wall. My breath caught in my throat. “I think Sally’s pregnant.”
I stared at him, my jaw slack. “Really?”
“Yeah, I found the test in the bin. She did spend an awful lot of time in the bathroom yesterday, before we claimed the room for ourselves.”
“You do realise that Sally is a lesbian?”
He nodded. “That doesn’t mean that she couldn’t have hooked up with a man. Lesbians can have kids too.”
“I suppose you could be right,” I said to him, not technically lying. “But don’t ask her. It’s probably a sensitive subject.”
“I won’t.” Dan smiled. “There’s going to be two babies in your family now. You excited?”
“I’m thrilled,” I said, kissing him just to make him shut up. He picked me up and carried my over to the bed, which was massive since it was the two singles pushed together. 
I flopped down and smiled at him, and Dan leaned over me, kissing a trail up my neck and down my body. He linked his arms behind my back and pulled me up and kissed me. 
“It’s a lot of responsibility as well,” Dan said to me, obviously not finished with the conversation. “Holly and Francis are still young, but they’ll cope, but Sally…she’s just a kid. And she probably has nothing to do with the father. I just feel sorry for her, you know? I wouldn’t be able to raise a kid now, and she’s a year younger than me.”
My eyes went wide. Dan was admitting he wouldn’t be able to look after a baby, and I was having his baby! God, things really just couldn’t get any worse. 
Suddenly the door opened and Sally herself strode in, averting her eyes from me and Dan. 
“What are you doing here?” I moaned at her, getting to my feet. 
“I left my overnight bag here,” Sally said, getting on her hands and knees and looking under the bed. 
“Can I talk to you for a minute?” I cast a look at Dan and he nodded, already moving. “In private, I mean.” 
Dan was already out of the room before I could finish the sentence. He must have thought I was going to confront her about the baby or something. Well, he was going to be disappointed. 
“Yeah?” Sally asked, retrieving her bag and standing up. 
“I need you to do something for me.”
“Anything, sis. What do you need me to do? If it’s just not to tell anyone about the whole you being alive thing then yeah, I’ll do it. Dan and I know, so at least I have someone to talk to about stuff.” 
“It’s not that, but I do need you to keep me secret.” I paused, choosing my words. “I need you to pretend to be pregnant.”
“What? Why?” Sally looked confused. 
“Because I’m pregnant and Dan can’t know.” 

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Dan

Sally came out of the room, looking pale and shocked. I gave her a pat on the back and told her I would be there for her if she needed anything. Sally just nodded and moved down the hallway like a zombie, dragging her feet. 
I walked into the room and Adara was sat by the mirror, putting her makeup on. She looked normal, as normal as anyone could be after just finding out their little sister is having a baby. 
“You okay?” I questioned, running my hands through my hair nervously. 
“I’m fine. Sally’s fine as well.” Adara put her earrings in and just stared at herself in the mirror, looking sort of deflated. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked, wrapping my arms around her from behind. 
“Everything.” Tears brimmed in her eyes as she craned her neck to look me in the eye. “How did all of this happen to us?”
“Coincidence?” I smiled and kissed. “Anyway, I think we’re the luckiest people in the world.”
“Why would you say that?” 
“Because we have each other.” 
“Aw, you’re such a charmer, Mortal-boy.” 
“I know I am. That’s why you love me.” 
“I would love you even more if we could go for our free breakfast now. I’m starving.”
“Me too. I’m real famished.”
“Famished?”
“Thought I’d try a posh word for once. Doesn’t really suit me though, does it?”
“Naw, I’d stick to your commoner words. Leave the intellectual talk for the pros, like me.”
“Are we going to breakfast then?”
“Yep. As I said, I’m starving!” Adara then looked down at herself and frowned. “I better go back to my old room and change. Can’t go down to breakfast in a dress like this, can I?”
“A frock,” I said, nodding. 
“Huh?”
“I just used more posh-talk. A frock is a dress, is it not?”
“Yes, but I told you not to speak like that. I’ll see you down there. You can order for me.” With that, Adara disappeared out of the door. 
I went into the bathroom and found Adara’s purse on the floor. I must have missed it earlier when I was in the shower. 
Realising she must need it for whatever girls needed purses for, I picked it up off the floor. A box slipped out onto the tiles and everything in me froze. I swear my heart almost leaped out of my chest. 
Kneeling slowly, my body on autopilot, I reached down and took the rectangular shaped box in my hands. 
My breath coming quickly, I brought it close to my face so I could read it. My vision blurred with tears, making it hard to read. 
But I already knew what it was. 
A pregnancy test box. 
The only logical thing to think was that Adara was the one who was pregnant. 
But that meant…
She had cheated on me. 
The only other time we had made love had been in Judgment, except we weren’t even in our own bodies! Our bodies were back on Earth, unconscious. So that couldn’t have done it. It just wasn’t possible.
Oh my God. 
She had cheated on me! 
That’s why she didn’t want me to know that she was pregnant. She was probably going to get rid of it and act like everything was fine, and then she would have laughed about it behind my back and called me an idiot.
Tears dripped down my face and fell onto the box as I staggered out of the room, it clutched in my hands. 
After everything we had been through, she had seriously cheated on me. I just couldn’t believe it.
She was the first girl I had ever been with, the first girl I had ever fallen in love with, and she had betrayed me.
I stuffed the box in my pocket and hurried down the stairs. A few freaks were scattered around, but I ignored them and picked a four-seat table. 
When a waitress with scales instead of skin asked me what I wanted, I ordered myself nothing and got Adara a full English breakfast. Tears fell onto the wooden table and the waitress looked at me sympathetically as she walked away. 
Soon after, Sally and the girl that I knew now was the gorgon, came down and sat opposite me, looking awkward and worried. 
“I know,” I said quietly to them and Sally’s eyes bugged out of her head. 
“How?”
“I found the box for the test in her bag! My God, she’s such a bitch! Can you believe she did that to me?” 
Sally frowned at me, looking confused. 
It was at that point that Adara Connor herself walked in clad in jeans and a T-shirt. She smiled when she saw me, but before she could walk over, I stood, my chair flipping over. 
“Care to explain this?” I said, holding up the box for everyone to see. 

Chapter Twenty-Eight
Adara

“Care to explain this?” Dan waved the box at me and my smile faltered. 
Before I could respond, Dan yelled, “Who the hell is he, Adara?”
I frowned. “Who’s who?”
Dan glared at me with eyes full of rage, holding the box out to me. “The father of your child! Who the hell did you cheat on me with, Adara?”
“Cheat on you? I never…” Oh my God. Dan thought the baby wasn’t his. “Dan, I never cheated on you. I swear on the life of my unborn child. Heck, I swear on Sally’s life!”
“Hey!” Sally yelled. 
I whirled on her. “What? Do you think that this isn’t his kid? My God, Sally. I thought you knew I would never cheat on him.”
“How the hell are you pregnant then?”
“Judgment. I think I got pregnant in Judgment two weeks ago.” Some of the witches in the room gawked at us, letting out little gasps. Yeah, I said Judgment, so what?
“How is that even possible?” 
“Anything’s possible, Mortal-boy.” I smiled at him and pointed at my stomach. “Even this.”
“Are you seriously telling me that I’m going to be a dad?” 
I nodded, tears flowing down my face. “That’s exactly that I’m telling you.”
Without another word Dan enveloped me in his arms, burying his face into my neck. I cried, my tears soaking into his shirt. 
Some of the creatures smiled and went “Aw.”
I smiled at Sally over Dan’s shoulder and I noticed that even she was crying at this little scene. Was that really that emotional? Well, I was crying, Dan was crying, heck, everyone in the room was crying. 
Eventually, Dan and I let go of each other. We sat down and everyone (I do mean everyone) turned to look at us, as if we were going to do anything interesting. 
“Sooooo,” Penelope said, messing with her napkin. “What’s on the agenda for today? Don’t you and lover-boy need to get some magical horseshoe?”
Sally gasped. “Damn it! Danny, we need to get the horseshoe today!”
“Really?” Dan moaned. 
“Yes, really.” Sally looked between Penelope and me, her eyes pleading with us. “Will you help us?”
“I’ll help,” Penelope announced. 
“And I will too, as long as it’s not dangerous.” 
“Yeah, I don’t want whatever we’re doing to hurt her in any way.”
“It probably won’t. The centaur seems nice enough.”
“You haven’t met her.”
“Well, her name is Destiny. That’s a nice name. Someone called Destiny won’t be evil, will they?”
“You are filling all of us with so much confidence,” I said sarcastically. “But I’m helping, anyway. I can’t be left out, can I?”

Destiny had a room on the ground floor because she couldn’t get up the stairs, due to the fact she was half-horse. We all stood outside said room while Sally knocked on the door. 
A beautiful centaur girl opened the door, startling me. I had never seen a centaur before, and I guess I had expected this girl to look less…real. 
Her hair was a lovely golden colour that fell in long glossy waves, and her horse body was as white as you could get, with little specks and blotches of grey on her butt. Her tail was as gold as her hair, and at the moment she glared at us with startling blue eyes. To match her hair, she wore golden horseshoes, exactly the ones Dan and Sally were here to get. 
“Hello, Destiny,” Sally said brightly. “My name is Sally Connor, and my associates are Daniel Norris, Adara Connor, and Penelope Cavanaugh. We are here to enquire about those lovely golden horseshoes you’re wearing today.”
“What about them?” Destiny asked, glancing down at her horseshoes briefly. She spoke in a distinct American accent. 
“We need them to save the world,” Sally said. “The Saviours are sick and we need to use the horseshoes to make them better–”
“Why the hell do I care about The Saviours? That’s just witch business.”
“How many times do I need to explain to people that if The Saviours fail, then we all die?” I asked no one in particular. 
“Well then they better not fail.”
“Hey, lady, they will fail if you don’t give us your damn horseshoe!” I yelled at her. “How do you expect them to recover from freaking poison if they don’t have an antidote?” 
“That’s not my problem, witch. Now, I suggest you back the hell off.”
“I will not back the hell off!” I shouted. “And it is your problem. Have you not been listening? If they don’t win the final battle, then we all die!” 
“I am only going to ask you to leave one more time. If you don’t, then there will be consequences.”
“Consequences?” I laughed. “If you don’t give us your horseshoe then there will be consequences for everyone on the planet!”
“Leave. Now,” Destiny ordered, anger burning in her eyes.
“But we need your horseshoe. Seriously, Destiny, we don’t want to hurt you, but we might have to–”
Destiny turned around and I thought she was going to leave, but instead she kicked out with her back leg. I stared, puzzled for a split second. And then everything was a world of pain. I gasped, falling back into the wall, clutching my stomach. 
Oh my God, Destiny had just kicked me! 
I slipped to the floor, holding my stomach and trying not to cry. Oh God, that hurt. A lot. Stars danced in my vision and I fought to stay conscious. 
“Ah, God, that hurts!” I wheezed, gritting my teeth against the pain. 
Dan knelt down next to me and Sally screamed at Destiny, but I didn’t really care. All I could think about was the pain and how it hurt so much…
But then when I thought the pain couldn’t get worse it stopped and my vision clouded over and I slipped into the abyss. 

Chapter Twenty-Nine
Dan

Sally screamed at the centaur as Adara slipped into unconsciousness. I knelt by her and held her in my arms, crying and crying. 
“Is she going to be okay?” Penelope asked, kneeling down and pulling Adara’s T-shirt up slightly to expose her stomach. It was already a purplish colour that made me sick to look at. 
“How am I supposed to know?” I cried at her, stroking Adara’s hair.
“Relax. She’ll be bruised for a few days but I don’t think she’ll have any internal bleeding or damage,” Destiny said, looking slightly bored by it all. 
“Penelope, go call the owners and see if any of the guests have abilities involving healing. Dan, don’t freak out. She’ll be fine, hopefully,” Sally ordered and then she turned back to the centaur. “You really have no idea what you have just done. The entire good witching community will come down on you like a ton of bricks and they will not stop until they get that horseshoe, and it will be worse if there is any lasting damage to Adara, including psychological. But they will probably be easy on you, but Danny here and I will not be as easy.”
At the sound of my name I looked up at Destiny, anger burning through me like a forest fire. I spoke in a low, threatening voice. “If you have harmed Adara in any lasting way then I will kill you. If it turns out that my unborn baby has been harmed or worse, then I will torture you and then kill you.”
“Unborn baby? She’s pregnant?” Destiny’s eyes widened in horror and she stared at Adara. 
“Yeah. I just found out an hour ago.” 
“Well, she shouldn’t have been aggravating me. It’s her fault.”
“Don’t you dare say that it is her fault. She would never, ever put our baby in danger purposefully. Now, if you give us one of your horseshoes then we’ll be on our way and you will not have to answer to the witch Elders.”
“These shoes are priceless!”
“And the lives of The Saviours aren’t?” Sally retorted. She turned to me, an exasperated look on her face. “Danny, we’re gonna need to call my dad for this one.”
I nodded. “Do what you have to do.”
Sally held her phone to her ear and paced around the narrow hallway, a worried expression marring her face. 
“Hey, Daddy,” Sally said in a shaky voice. “We need your help. The centaur won’t help us and she’s hurt someone. What should we do?” There was a brief pause. “Well, you wouldn’t believe me if I told you. I’ll have to ask Dan.” Sally pressed the phone into her chest and looked at me. “He’s asking who the person who’s got hurt is. Should I tell him?”
“Yeah, you can. But he can’t tell anyone else. Not even your mum.”
“Do I tell him about the…you know?” 
“Tell him everything.” 
Sally nodded and uncovered the phone. “Daddy, I know this is going to be hard to hear, but she’s alive. Adara’s alive. And she’s hurt. Can you come down here? I’ll explain the rest when you get here.” Sally hung up and leaned against the wall, sighing in relief. “He’s coming. That’ll sort this centaur out.”
“Hey, I’m still here,” Destiny said.
“Shut up, Destiny!” I snapped just as Penelope came back, a burly man trailing behind her. 
“Sally, this is the owner. He’s put out a request for anyone specialising in healing.”
“Good. My dad’s coming down soon as well.” 
“Now, is this the little lady?” the owner asked, staring down at Adara’s limp body in my arms. 
“Yes it is. Can you take her back to our room so we can wait for any healers to come? Oh, and if a Mr Connor arrives then tell him what room we’re in.” 
The burly man nodded, picking Adara up easily. I tried to hold on but he smiled reassuringly. “I’ll take good care of your girl, lad.” He held her as if she was just a tiny baby, not a fully grown woman. 
“Now, centaur, you cannot leave your room until this is sorted out. My witches have already put a block around it so you can’t leave,” the man called back at Destiny as he carried Adara down the corridor. 
We followed behind him, and I had to force my legs to carry me, otherwise I think I would have just collapsed on the spot. 
When we got to the room Adara and I had shared the night, the owner gently laid her down on the bed, tucking the sheets around her in a surprisingly caring manner. I wondered why he was taking so much care. 
“I will not stand for violence in my establishment. Especially not to pregnant women, such as your lady.” 
“He’s a telepath,” Sally said quietly after he left. “He can hear your thoughts. People like us, non-mortals, I mean, can block him out of parts of our minds, depending on how powerful we are. Mortal’s have no defence against him.”
“Great. Mortals are so vulnerable.” 
“That’s what makes you so special,” Penelope said, sitting down next to Adara. “That’s what makes you worth fighting for, worth saving.” 
“But we can’t save ourselves.”
“Well, it’s a good job you mortals have witches and other supernatural creatures to help you.” 
“But we cause all of the trouble for the witches. Look at Adara now. That’s because she is trying to save all of the mortals.”
“That is because she is a good person. The mortals never asked to be saved.” 
“I suppose you’re right,” I said slowly. 
“I’m always right,” Penelope said brightly, obviously trying to cheer everyone up. 
“I know you are, Penelope,” Sally said, wrapping her arm around the gorgon’s shoulders. 
“But Danny-boy over here doesn’t know! How the hell did he not know how much of a screaming genius I am?”
“I don’t know.” Sally smiled at her, but there was obvious moisture in her eyes. She was on the verge of crying. 
“Hey, she’s waking up!” Penelope said, sobering instantly as she stared at Adara. 
Slowly, Adara’s eyes fluttered open and she uttered, “Damn, that hurt.”

Chapter Thirty
Adara

“I’m fine,” I repeated, slowly rising to my feet. 
My stomach protested, in fact my whole body protested, as I got to my feet. Dan grabbed my arm but I shrugged him off, instead holding onto the wall for support. 
“Is Dad seriously coming here?!” I said to Sally, barely containing my fury. If I had wanted my father involved in all of this then he would have been ages ago, trust me. 
“Yeah. I’m sorry, Adara. He has to know about you, and he has to know about the baby.”
“Babies,” I said instantly, without conscious thought. 
Sally arched an eyebrow at me and Dan paled even more. Penelope just looked amused by the whole thing. 
“Babies,” Dan echoed. “Huh, where did you get that from? I can’t handle one baby, Adara. How the hell can I cope with two of them running around?”
“Running around? Danny, babies can’t run,” I said, avoiding his original question. The truth is that I really have no idea what made me say babies. Maybe I’m getting some premonitions of my own. 
I powered my way to the bathroom, where I ordered everyone to keep an eye out for my dad while I showered. The hot water felt like millions of tiny missiles when it hit my skin, but I managed to refrain from crying out in pain. 
After getting out of the shower, I wrapped myself in a fluffy black robe, and dried my hair, trying not to flinch every time I moved. When I caught my reflection in the mirror, I actually froze on the spot. My skin was deathly pale and I had dark rims under my eyes. Damn it, I looked like a freaking cliché for a witch!
I wiped foundation over my face, trying to make myself look at least semi-presentable. In the next room, I could hear the low mummers of speech, and I could already tell they were talking about me. 
When I was ready, I unlocked the door, and the conversation immediately died. Exactly what I thought. 
Without a word I came in and sat next to Dan on the bed, putting my hand on his thigh. He smiled at me and ran his hand through my slightly damp hair.  
It was at that moment when rapid knocks erupted on the door, startling me. After only a second, the door flung open and non other than my father strode in, his eyes blazing with fury. I jumped up, scared to death, and my stomach throbbed just like my heart did when I looked at him. 
“Hey, Daddy,” I said weakly when he caught sight of me. Instead of the massive speech I was expecting about meddling with magic and faking my own death and whatnot, he just smiled broadly, wrapping me in a crushing hug.
I cried out, but I really didn’t mean to. My father touching me sent fresh waves of white hot agony rolling through my body in tidal waves. 
He immediately let go and jumped back, checking me over for wounds. Tears stung my eyes and I had to refrain from throwing myself at him and begging him to sort everything out for me, as if I was still a child. 
“Daddy, there’s something I have to tell you,” I said, and then I shot Penelope and Sally a look that said get the hell out of here!
My father nodded and sat on an old wooden chair, opposite me and Dan. I sat next to him on the bed, and Dan put his hand protectively on the small of my back, a gesture I could tell my father did not like at all.
“In fact, there are two things I have to tell you. Don’t be mad, but this has something to do with Adele...” 
I squirmed under his furious gaze as he got to his feet, his nostrils flared and his face red. Damn, he was angry.
“My daughter is dead, Adara. Never mention her again,” he said quietly and quite scarily.
“After all these years do you still believe that she’s dead? Seriously? Daddy, she is alive and she is living in Manchester, and she has been for a few years now. I met her two years ago, when I was on that school trip, and I knocked into her in the street. I could tell immediately that she was a witch, so I followed her, like anyone would do in my situation. Obviously, Adele realised she was being followed and attacked me and demanded to know who I was. Ever since then I’ve kept her secret. I didn’t want to, but she asked me to, and how the hell could I even tell you and mum about her? Discussing my dead sister isn’t really an everyday topic, and I was worried how you might react, if you would even believe me.” I let it all out in one long burst, not allowing for any interruptions. 
“She…she isn’t dead?” My father sat back down heavily, rubbing his temples and shaking his head in disbelief. 
“Yeah, she isn’t dead,” I agreed. “But, Daddy, she’s different. They…changed her.”
“Changed her? How?”
“Her eyes are as red as blood, and so are her hair and lips. Adele’s body is marred by ghastly symbols that have been carved and burned into her skin, and she has been through much more than you and I. She is broken, Father.”
“And I will do anything to fix her, Daughter,” my father said, looking increasingly worried by the entire situation. 
“Well, there’s another thing I need to tell you, but I don’t necessarily want to. So, Mortal-boy, take the stage.” Hmm, do I feel bad about letting Dan tell my father? Nope, not at all. 
Dan swallowed and looked my father straight in the eye with his unwavering gaze. “Well, your daughter, Adara, is having a baby.”

Chapter Thirty-One
Dan

To be honest, I expected him to punch me or explode or something. Instead, Mr Connor just looked disappointed. Thinking about it, I found that his disappointed face did worse to me than any punch or kick would have done. 
To makes things worst, Adara instantly said, “Babies.”
“Again, why?” I said to her, groaning. 
“Instinct,” Adara replied, shrugging. 
“Okay, so I can tell you’re disappointed with us, but I think we seriously have a chance at not screwing this up.” That didn’t really come out right. 
“A chance at not screwing this up?” Adara said with a disbelieving look on her face. “Did you seriously just say that? We’re supposed to make him happy about this!”
“I am doing the best that I can!” I responded. 
“Well, I can already tell that you two will be amazing parents,” Mr Connor said sarcastically, stunning me into silence. 
“Daddy, you know sarcasm is the lowest form of wit,” Adara said to him, trying to lighten the mood. 
He ignored her and continued. “I understand that you two are capable young adults, but you are not good enough to raise a child–”
“Children,” Adara said. 
“–and I recommend that you think about what you are going to do.”
“What do you mean think about what we’re doing?” I said, my eyes widening. “Do you mean terminating it? No way!” 
“I am not killing them, Daddy,” said Adara. “I won’t.”
“I was not asking you to kill them,” Mr Connor sighed. “No, I just want you to think about your options. Your children will be loved, no matter what your decision is.”
“Thank you, because my children will stay with us, no matter what.”
“What if Fate changes that?” Mr Connor asked his daughter, deadly serious. 
Adara fumed with anger. “Why would Fate do that? Why should he give a damn about my children?”
“He ‘gives a damn’ about everything, Adara.”
“Wait, I’ve missed something. Who the heck is Fate?” I asked, looking between the two of them. 
“Fate is the name of the man, or should I say boy, who controls the universe. He is a celestial being and he decides on everything, like what happens in the world. He writes the future of everyone.”
“How the hell is that possible? Who gave him that job?”
“The rest of The Citadel. They are the most powerful group of celestial beings, brought together billions of years ago to forge the earth and everything in it. Well, at least that’s the legend. Some think they were just powerful creatures that formed a group so they could govern everyone else. I prefer the former story to the latter. A lot more mystical, you see. Okay, are you following?”
“Uh, I thought a citadel was a fortress or something,” I said to her, confused as always. 
“It is, but it is also the name for the mystical govern-y people,” Adara said, rolling her eyes at me and sighing as if it was obvious. “Okay, so this group of celestial beings came together and they decided that everything needs order and structure. One of them was Fate, one of them was Life, and another was Death. There was also one more, but most people don’t like to talk about him.”
“And he is…?”
“Chaos. He helps Fate create the natural disasters and the wars. You see, Fate controls how people’s lives will go, with help from Chaos, and it is all mapped out for them to see. Then Life and Death look at it and seek opportunities for, well, life and death. I have no idea how they do it. Apparently, it took hundreds of years to plan, and it really doesn’t help when the map changes.”
“How would it change?” I asked. “I mean, if everything is planned by these four people, then how can it change?”
“Well, people make their own decisions, but everything will lead up to their destiny, the fate that The Citadel made for them. It’s all very confusing and everything interlocks with each other. Sometimes the fate can change, but it is really rare, and then The Citadel has to look at their maps again and rewrite the entire future. That’s why it is rare for changes to happen. It takes too much to repair again.”
“It sounds like a very fragile thing,” I commented. 
“It is. One slip up by any of The Citadel and it could mean World War Three or another Ice Age or a zombie apocalypse.”
“Damn, I would not like to be them. All that responsibility…” I shuddered. 
“You do realise that you’ll be getting lots of responsibility now? You can’t act like a kid with the babies around.”
“Yeah, but that’s ages away,” I said.
Mr Connor sighed irritably. “I can’t believe what you’ve got yourself into, Adara.”
“Neither can I.” Adara and Mr Connor looked at me, disappointed looks on their faces. 
“Hey, I was just saying. I still have time to be a kid.”
“Dan, even without the babies you’d still never be a kid again. You may not even survive these next few weeks. And even if you do you’ll have seen too much to go back to your old life, you’ll have seen too much to care about your GCSEs or school or even Anthony. Magic will consume you.”
“I’m prepared for that,” I said. “I know things will be different, but I still want my GCSEs and A levels. I’m going to be a doctor, you know.”
“I highly doubt that,” Mr Connor said. I frowned at him and he continued, explaining what he had said. “Now that you’re irrevocably bound to Adara, you will be expected to get a job within the witching community. The Light Witches take in mortal mates for jobs nowadays.”
“Great, what sort of jobs are they?”
“Nothing that pays well. You’d probably get a job as a wand cleaner or a broomstick maker. Or maybe you’ll sift through the mail for the Elders.”
“Wow, I’m going to live the high life,” I muttered under my breath, already seeing my dreadful future mapped out before me. 

Chapter Thirty-Two
Adara

We all stood outside Destiny’s room, bracing ourselves to seeing my attacker again. My father rapped his knuckles against the door, and the door opened slowly, as if the centaur was scared to open it. 
Destiny stood before us in all of her glory, standing way above all of us because of her horse-ness. 
“Oh, great, you’re awake,” said the centaur, obviously irritated by this entire situation. 
“Yes, I am, and this is my father. He is one of the most influential and powerful warlocks in the country, so I think you should speak to him.”
For once, Destiny actually looked scared. She quickly regained her composure, going back to her bored I-don’t-give-a-shit look. “What do you want?”
“One of your horseshoes. That is all I ask in return for your safety.”
“Why would I not be safe?” she asked, getting a little cocky. 
“Because you attacked my pregnant daughter, putting her life, and the lives of my grandchildren, in danger.”
“She provoked me!”
“She didn’t attack you!” My father yelled, anger radiating off of him. “Now, give me your horseshoe and we can all walk away from this unscathed.”
“Make me,” Destiny said in her annoying American twang. 
“Have we resolved our problems?” The owner of the B&B asked, walking into the crowded hallway. He briefly glanced at me, smiling reassuringly, and then his full concentration was on the centaur. 
“Destiny, if I were you I would listen to this man. Now, I know for a fact that this lovely group of assorted supernatural beings will be leaving with one of your horseshoes, one way or another. It would be nice if we did this the easy way.”
“But it’s stealing!” Destiny screamed at him. 
“It is to save the lives of the two people who will save your life. Anyway, you attacked this pregnant woman, and I will not stand for that. You need to give them the shoe or I will take it from your forcibly.”
“This is against my human rights!”
“You’re not human,” Dan pointed out. 
“Now, your decision is…?” My father said. 
“Fine, damn it! Take the damn horseshoe!” 
I smiled. We won. 

“I don’t want to leave you,” Dan said to me, true sadness on his face. 
“You have to go,” I told him, kissing him passionately. “It will only be for a little while. I’ll be back after the final battle.”
“I’ll be waiting,” Dan murmured, kissing me again. 
My stomach burned with fiery agony when I pressed my body against his, but the pleasure of being in direct contact with him made it all seem worth it. 
“Come on, lover-boy,” Sally called, walking right into the room without knocking. “We’ve got some Saviours to save.”
“I love you,” Dan said to me as Sally dragged him out of the room. 
My father came in next, a sombre expression on his face. He stood by the door, making it seem as if he was itching to leave. 
“I don’t want to lie to her,” he said quietly, obviously speaking of my mother. 
“It’s just for a few weeks, maybe days. She’ll be so happy when we return.”
“I just can’t believe that two of my supposedly dead daughters are alive and well, living together in Manchester, somewhere so close.”
“Yeah, well, I guess it’s kinda weird being relate to someone like me.”
“I’m the one who dragged you all into this weirdness. I could have just let you all believe you were normal, you know.”
I smiled. “I’m glad you didn’t do that. Anyway, we would have figured it out at our Manifestations.”
“I suppose you’re right,” he said, and then he paused. “I just wanted to tell you that I can sense that the babies are fine.” He smiled broadly. “I can tell they’re destined for greatness.”
“Thanks, Dad. I bet Mum will have a fit when she finds out.”
“Hopefully that’ll be in the distant future.”
“Maybe we can get them to tell her!”
“That would be a tad mean on the babies, don’t you think?” He sobered instantly, putting his serious face back on. “Are you ready to leave? The gorgon is waiting for you downstairs.”
I nodded and walked over to the door, letting my father link his arm with my own, walking as a unit all of the way down the stairs. 
All of us stood on the beach, the wind blowing san into our faces. We couldn’t teleport in the B&B since there were so many protection spells and disguising casts on it, so we decided to do it here. 
My father, Dan, and Sally all held onto each other and then they disappeared, leaving me stood with a gorgon, an empty pit opening up in my stomach. 
I looked at her, a fake smile on my lips. “Ready to leave?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” Penelope put her hand in my own and I closed my eyes, transporting us across the country as fast as a blink of an eye. 
I staggered and Penelope lost her grip on me and fell over, right into the wall of a building. I looked up and saw dozens of startled faces staring at us, mouths agape. 
“This isn’t Manchester,” Penelope said, fixing her sunglasses on her face as she stared at the people. 
“I know,” I said. “I think we’re in America.” 
“That’s why it’s so hot. Why don’t we live in America? That’d be nice.”
“Seriously, Medusa?” I rolled my eyes at her and she inspected a scrape on her elbow. 
“OMG, they just totally appeared out of thin air!” a girl screamed, opening the dam of voices. 
“Was that a trick?”
“They’re British!”
“I thought British people sound posh!”
“What just happened?”
“Let’s get the hell outta here,” Penelope said, taking my hand again. 
I concentrated and then there was no earth under my feet. Penelope landed on her butt outside of Adele’s house, and I fell flat on my face, the bruises covering my stomach burning in agony.
“Ouch,” I said, sitting up and inspected myself for serious injuries. 
“What the hell is going on with you?” Penelope asked, nursing a wound on her knee. 
“I don’t know.”

Chapter Thirty-Three
Dan
Everyone was on edge as we crowded around the bed, peering over each other’s shoulders to see Alice and Matt’s unconscious bodies. 
Lillian Connor tipped the antidote into Alice’s mouth, and everyone crossed their fingers, hoping it would work. 
Then she poured some into Matt’s mouth and leaned back, sighing in relief. We all edged closer, trying to see the effects of the antidote. She turned to us, an exasperated look on her face. 
“Don’t crowd around!” she snapped. Then she softened, looking at her children. “The antidote probably won’t work for at least a few hours, why don’t you all go and head to school? It’ll keep your mind off everything.”
“Yay, school,” Sally muttered, practically dragging me down the stairs. 
I followed her out of the front door, barely remembering to grab my backpack. It seemed like years since I had been to school. 
“I don’t want to go!” I whined as Sally teleported us. “I want to stay with Matt and Alice.”
“Well, you don’t get to. Anyway, you have Francis fifth period, and I don’t give a crap about school. We can go home then.”
“Okay,” I said as we walked through the school gates. 
The secretary obviously asked us why we were over three hours late for school and instead of making up some stupid traffic story, Sally just clicked her fingers and the secretary fell unconscious. 
“That was a bit mean,” I commented, and Sally only shrugged, striding through the empty corridors. 
I slipped into my third period class, and everyone gaped at me, obviously not expecting to see me today. I slowly made my way to the back of the classroom, my classmates’ eyes burning into my back. 
“Wait, Mr Norris,” Mrs Paige said, and I turned around, already maddened that I had to come in today. “Why are you so late today? And why haven’t you been in class for weeks?” 
“I’ve saving your life,” I muttered under my breath. 
“Excuse me?” Mrs Paige said, staring at me expectantly with dull brown eyes that matched the colour of her dress, which did little to make her look any thinner. Her greying brown hair stood up in tufts, and I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped my lips. 
This woman used to be what scared me. Now I had gone headlong into a gorgon’s pet shop, a banshee’s cottage, a centaur’s hotel room, a harpy’s cave, a dragon’s lair, so stuff like this didn’t frighten me anymore. It all just meant…nothing. 
“What are you laughing at, Mr Norris?”
“You,” I said, laughing harder. “You’re trying to look intimidating, but the fact is you don’t scare me. You all make up some big speeches about our A levels and how this is the most important year of our lives, the same speech you made last year about our GCSEs, but I don’t give a crap. You try to scare us into working hard. I can see through all of that, and I know even if I work hard at school, I still won’t get a decent job. Yes, I will get a job; I know that for sure, but not a good one. I’ll get nothing like Matt or Alice, or even Sally will, because I’m just me, I’m just ordinary. In fact, scratch that. I don’t care about the jobs, because Matt, Alice, Sally and I might not even live that long, and if we don’t, then you’re all dead anyway, and then no one will have a job.” 
I suddenly stopped, and my mouth snapped shut with a snap of teeth. Oh my God, had I seriously just said all of that? 
“I’m so sorry, Mrs Paige!” I blurted. “I didn’t mean any of that, even if it was a pretty darn good speech. I will work harder and I will try and good grades, it’s just with Anthony and Matt and everything else, I can’t really concentrate now.”
She nodded and told me to sit down. As I turned my back to her, I heaved a sigh of relief. Playing the dead brother/dying best friend card was always a good way to get out of trouble. 
Just after I sat down, the door to the room burst open and Francis and Holly ran in, each of them scanning the room. Francis caught my eye and I immediately stood, grabbing my bag. 
“I need to speak with Mr Norris,” Francis said to Mrs Paige, and she nodded, giving it the okay. 
I practically ran over to Francis and Holly. Francis closed the door behind me and spoke in hushed tones while Holly looked around to see if anyone could overhear. 
“Alice and Matt are waking up, Dan. We need to go now.”
I nodded, but I was confused. “But your mum said it would probably take hours for them to wake up.”
Francis flashed me a smile as Sally appeared in the corridor, her face flushed and her phone pressed against her ear. “Dan, she said probably.”
“Oh,” I said, and then Francis, Holly, Sally and I were linking arms, already teleporting to my house, into my guest bedroom. 
“Good, you’re all here,” Lillian said, biting her thumb nail and pacing the room, casting glances at Matt and Alice.
“I thought they were waking–” I began, but I was interrupted by Matt and Alice bolting upright, staring at us with wide eyes. They both looked like a rabbit caught in the headlights, except with a little more bewilderment. 
“What the hell is going on?” Matt asked. 
“I wish I could answer that question,” I muttered. 

Part Three
Chapter One
Matt
“I wish I could answer that question,” Dan muttered, and I just stared at him. 
Yes, we did tell him everything about us in Judgment, but I didn’t expect him to be involved at all. He was mortal, and that made him fragile. 
“You two were poisoned,” Mr Connor said, his deep voice rumbling across the room, guiding my eyes to see him stood in the corner of the room, shrouded by shadows. “You’ve been here weeks, asleep in a coma. Daniel and Sally here were on a quest to get the ingredients for the antidote, travelling across the world and facing terrible monsters that could kill them in a heartbeat. You owe them your lives.”
“Uh, okay,” Alice said, her hand reaching out and clasping my own. I smiled at Dan. “Thank you, Dan, Sally.” 
“Uh, where’s the rest of the gang?” Alice said, searching the room. “Where’s Adara?” 
Everyone quietened. Dan and Sally shifted uncomfortably, and Mr Connor lowered his head. Mrs Connor herself dabbed at her eyes delicately with a flowery handkerchief, and Holly buried her face into Francis’ chest, letting him reassuringly rub her back. None of them said a thing. 
“What happened?” Alice asked, jumping out of the bed and looking at each of them separately. Her eyes were pleading and desperate, with tears threatening to spill out onto her cheeks. 
I stood too, taking her hand and letting myself be something solid she could hold onto, because I knew this wasn’t going to be good news. We never seemed to get good news. 
“What happened to her?” screamed Alice, shrugging my hand off her and rushing over to her cousin. She sobbed, holding Gemma by her shoulders, her eyes searching desperately in Gemma’s mind. I could practically see the tendrils snaking off Alice’s own mind and prying into her little cousin’s. Suddenly she broke off, staggering back, shock running in waves off of her. 
I caught her as she broke down in sobs. Alice pushed me away with the force of a grown man, a bodybuilder, and I fell to the floor, my head cracking on the edge of the bedside table. 
Alice cried out and beat her first against the floor, and I saw the power radiating off of her, warning everyone not to approach the distressed witch. Well, the bump on the back of my head warned everyone not to approach her as well. 
“What happened?” I asked Dan, who was looking exceedingly uncomfortable with the entire situation. 
“You know how it makes you really tired when you’re going to go to Judgment?” Dan asked, and I nodded. “Well, Adara kind of fell down the stairs because of it.”
“She fell down the stairs?” I echoed. “Since when could she go to Judgment?”
Dan shrugged. “I don’t know. It just happened, and she told me in Judgment to go straight to her when we woke up. I figured she would have been okay…” Dan paused, looking at the floor guiltily. “I told her she’d be fine, and when I found her that was the only thing I could think. I promised her that everything would be okay.”
“This isn’t your fault,” I said, wrapping my arm around Dan’s shoulders, ignoring the gnawing pain that started up again. “If you saw her in Judgment, then how could you know if she was dead?”
“I suppose your right,” Dan said. “Kat said it wasn’t my fault–” Dan groaned and slapped his face. “Ugh.”
“What?” I questioned, confused. 
“Kat. I told her to tell her dad about the magic.” Dan spoke up and looked at everyone. “Has anyone seen Kat lately?”
“I haven’t seen her around school in weeks,” Gemma said, keeping her worried eyes on her cousin, who was still crying on the floor. 
“Two weeks?” Dan said, cringing. “Oh no. Francis, Holly, did Kat speak to you about anything?” 
“She said she needed our help, but we were busy. Why, what happened?” Francis said. 
“Uh, I told her to tell her father about the magic.”
“You idiot,” Sally said.
“Wait, I’ve missed something here,” I said, raising my voice over everyone else’s. “Since when was Kat involved in this?”
“She’s psychic,” Dan said. “And I think I got her sectioned.”
“Sectioned?” Holly gasped. 
“Yup. Either that or her dad actually believed her, which I highly doubt. I think we need to pay a visit to Dr Allen.”
“I think Alice needs to be sectioned,” mutter Sally, casting a glance at her distraught sister. 
“Mr Connor, can you…?” I said, gesturing at Alice.
He nodded and brought his wand out, pointed it at Alice’s sobbing body. A jolt of power shot out of the wand and into Alice, and she gasped and slumped over, going limp. 
“Is that what you wanted?” Mr Connor questioned. 
“Exactly.”
“I’ll take her home,” Francis said, bending down and scooping his younger sister into his arms. Holly held onto his shoulder and they all disappeared, leaving us stood there awkwardly. 
“I can’t believe you got Kat sectioned,” I said to Dan, and he just groaned, slapping his face again. 
“What are we waiting for?” Sally said, grabbing my hand and Dan’s hand. “Let’s go find the doc.” 
I smiled broadly at them both. “It’s good to be back.” 

Chapter Two
Alice
I woke up in my own bed, snuggled in my own blankets. I sat upright, tears immediately coming to my eyes. I pushed the blanket off of me and stepped out of bed, numb to the core. 
My bare feet hit the cold wood as I walked across the floor to the other side of the room, opening the door with a flick of my wrist. My heart ached, so I knew what I had to do. 
I had to shut it off. 
Holly and Francis were in the living room, talking in hushed tones. I slipped past them, into the kitchen. I found a spare wand in the cutlery drawer, for reasons I did not know, and then I flipped through one of the spell books. 
There it was. 
I traced the words with the pad of my thumb, ignoring the warning that came with the spell. It said that if I did this, then I would lose myself. I welcomed that. 
Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 

Take away my pain
Take away my love
Take away what makes me myself
I cannot handle the pain
I cannot handle the love
I cannot handle myself
Take me away
Forever 
I winced as I sliced through my palm, letting the blood pour onto the tiled floor. The words and the blood offering made magic tingle in the air, surrounding me, enveloping me. 
I smiled as the magic took the weakest part of me. I would never win the fight against The Old Ones with my humanity, in fact, I would never get anywhere with my feelings. I would just be a sobbing mess, crying over a dead person who I knew would never come back to me. It was better this way. 
I smiled and stepped over the blood splatter, already heading to the stairs. Francis appeared in the doorway to the living room, a worried look on his face. 
“How are you feeling?” he asked in a gentle, caring voice. That was the problem with Light Witches. They cared too much. 
“Fine. Much better,” I lied. I didn’t feel anything. 
I passed him and walked up the stairs, not even looking back. Passing my room, I headed to the now permanently closed door. Adara’s room. 
When I was in the room and the door was securely shut behind me, I doused the room in the bottle of vodka I knew Adara kept at the back of her wardrobe, hidden from prying parents and older siblings. 
Then I clicked my fingers and watched it all go up in flames. The flames danced and I smiled, feeling the heat on my face. I sat down on the floor, cross-legged, and breathed in the smoke, letting it fill me completely. 
“Alice?” Francis yelled from the other side of the door, beating his fists against it. “Alice!”
I ignored him and made the flames intensify. They licked at me, but never burned. I was impervious to it. 
Suddenly the door burst open and hands were grabbing me, pulling me away from the fire. I hissed and whirled around, anger burning through me, raging like the fire. 
“Get the hell away from me!” I screamed at Francis, stomping off down the hallway and into my own room, locking the door behind me. 
My lungs burned, but I didn’t mind. In fact, I found it to be a soothing sensation. Sammy purred at me and I grimaced, kicking at him. 
He whined and moved away, and I sat on the window seat, grinning like a maniac at him. He meowed and tried to walk over to me again, but I snapped my fingers, and he whined no longer. 
I laughed and flicked my wrist, making the corpse do little dance moves, just for my amusement. The dead cat stared at me with wide, accusing eyes, so I ripped them out. 
He bored me quickly, so I just incinerated the body. I never really liked that cart anyway. Too much of a witch cliché for my liking. 
“Alice, are you okay?” Holly called from the other side of the door, and I groaned. 
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just a little emotional.” I paused, working myself up to say it. “I’m sorry, Holly.”
“It’s okay, sweetie. It’s been a hard time for everyone, and she was your twin.”
“Yeah. I think I’ll be fine for tomorrow, though.” 
“What’s happening tomorrow?” Holly sounded confused. 
“School, silly!” God, I made even me want to vomit. 
“Oh, uh, yeah, I’m sure you’ll be fine for tomorrow, but you do know that it’s okay to feel.” 
“Of course I do!” I said, staring out of the window and watching Matt’s stepbrother undress in his bedroom.
A smile tickled my lips as I watched Harvey’s muscles ripple under his skin, a lot more muscles than Matt possessed. I even saw a tattoo on Harvey’s back. Ooh, we’ve got a bad boy over here. 
I concluded that this would make Matt a better warlock, show him that emotions were bad, that we didn’t need them. I was technically doing him a favour.
Oh, and Harvey was just yum. 
I called to Holly that I was going to bed and teleported to Harvey’s room, startling him. I licked my lips and pushed him against the wall, kissing him and running my hands through his black-as-night hair. 
“Uh, Alice?” Harvey said, breaking free from me. 
“What, don’t you want to do it?” I asked him, stepping out of my jeans and taking my T-shirt off. I bit my lip and hugged myself, teasing the poor boy.
“Uh. How?” 
“I’m a witch. Now, do you want to do it or not?”
“You’re a witch? I knew it!” Harvey said, but then he got straight back to the matter at hand. “But I, uh, I have a girlfriend, and you’re going out with Matt…”
“Your girlfriend isn’t a witch, and I’m teaching Matt a vital life lesson with this: Emotions will only hurt you. Now, your decision?” 
With a little gentle persuasion from my magic, Harvey finally nodded, giving in. He kissed me and I wrapped my legs around him, laughing as I imagined Matt’s face right after he finds out.

Chapter Three
Dan
“This is bad,” I said as we stood outside the hospital. 
Kat Allen was in there against her will because she told the truth. Because I told her to tell the truth. We had to get her out of there. 
“Yup. Now, am I teleporting us all in there?”
“Yeah, I suppose so.” Matt answered, and Sally groaned, obviously not wanting that answer.
“This is so going to go well,” I muttered sarcastically. 
“Now, let’s look on the Bright Side!” Sally said enthusiastically. “We all technically belong here, don’t we? We all have a little crazy in us.”
“Yeah, but not too much crazy. If we had too much crazy then we wouldn’t be here, would we?”
“Stop using logic against me,” Sally said to me. 
“So are we going in then?” Matt said, heading for the hospital entrance. 
“No. We’re going to teleport into Kat’s room and then teleport her outta there. It’s a covert operation.”
“Ooh, we sound so secret agent-y,” I said. 
“Shut up, Dan,” Sally snapped. “I’m trying to reach out with my mind and connect to Kat’s. She’s psychic so it might work.” Sally closed her eyes, putting her hands to her temples. “Huh, I think I can see her mind. Yup, I know where she is. Everyone link with me before I lose the connection with her.” Matt and I grabbed her arms and then we were inside a small, bare room.
Kat Allen sat up with a jolt, staring at us. I grabbed her hand and pulled her off the bed, and she smiled at me. 
“Took you long enough,” she said, and I apologised. 
“So, are we going to convince my father I’m not a nut job?” Kat asked, pulling her shoes on. 
“That was the plan. But first we need to get you outta this place.” I looked around and shuddered. “Can you hear the minds of the people in here?”
“Sometimes. I try not to, really. They’re all mental.” 
“I bet it would drive telepaths crazy being in here. You’re lucky that you’re just psychic.” 
“Yeah, I haven’t got full telepath powers. Yay for me, being weak and helpless. If I was a witch, I would have been out of here the minute I came in.” 
“Yeah, but at least you’re something. I’m just a plain old mortal,” I said. 
“I would give anything just to be a plain old mortal. At least I would fit in then. What use is it being too witch to fit in with the mortals and too mortal to fit in with the witches?”
“Can we cut out the chit chat and get the hell out of here?” Matt asked, looking around the room. “This place scares the crap out of me.” 
“Oh, welcome back to the land of the living, Mattie,” Kat said, and then we were all joined hands. 
Once we were safely in the car park, we devised our plan for getting Dr Allen to believe us. First, we needed to do a little acting. 

“Help!” I cried, pretending to be half-carrying-half-dragging Matt into Dr Allen’s office. He looked up from his computer, startled.
“Daniel, get him on the bed now. Call for help!” 
I put Matt on the bed and before Dr Allen had a chance to get any help at all, the door slammed shut. Dr Allen whirled around; searching for whatever slammed the door, he completely missed the fact that Matt’s eyes were wide open and he was sitting up on the bed. 
“You won’t be leaving, Doc,” Matt said, getting off on the bed and leaning on the door. “Sally, come on in!” he called, and the witch girl appeared in the room, Kat Allen by her side. 
“Hi, Dad,” Kat said flatly to him. 
“Wha…what is going on?” Dr Allen questioned, staring at us all with hysterical eyes. 
“Well, you didn’t believe your daughter when she told you about warlocks and witches and all of that. Now do you believe her?”
Dr Allen laughed. “Are you seriously telling me that you’re a warlock, and that my daughter is a witch?”
“No, I’m not telling you that. I’m telling you I’m a warlock and that your wife was a witch, and that your daughter is psychic.”
“My wife was not a witch. You’re all crazy!” 
“We are not crazy,” Sally said. “Did you not just see me teleport into this locked room?”
“That could just be a trick, an illusion.” 
“Doc, you have to believe us. Since I’ve just been in a coma for weeks and my cancer is spreading throughout my body, I’m really not in the mood for arguing with you. You just have to believe what we’re telling you; you have to believe that magic is real.”
“But how can I believe it?” Dr Allen shouted at me. “My entire life revolves around science, and science does not support the theory of magic, in fact, it blatantly denies that magic is possible.”
“Magic is just another branch of science,” Sally said. “It’s just a part of it that people don’t fully understand, like when people used to think that the world was flat, when we know it isn’t, and I’m sure in, like, a hundred years people will understand and accept magic.”
Dr Allen looked at us, a grave expression on his face. “I’m sorry, but I will never accept magic as fact. I can’t.”

Chapter Four
Adara

“What on earth are you two doing out there?” Melody the banshee asked us, leaning against the doorframe. She was heavily pregnant, and I was now sure that she would have the baby before the final battle, which meant that she probably wouldn’t join in the fight. I would need to do some more recruiting. 
“Enjoying the feeling of tarmac scraping my skin from my bones,” Penelope replied, moving past Melody and into the house. 
I followed and found myself stood in the doctor’s waiting room area again. This time, a warlock with a head wound was being inspected by Adele, who only gave us the briefest of nods. 
“All done, Zane,” Adele announced after she slapped some healing ointment on the warlock’s head. “You just need to stay out of trouble from now on.”
Zane smiled, showing us that he was missing a few teeth. “Hey, I never look for the trouble. It just always seems to find me.”
“Well, go into hiding then. I promise you, going into hiding isn’t nearly as bad as those TV dramas try and make it out to be. In fact, I prefer my own company.”
“Thanks, Adele,” I said, flopping into one of the plastic chairs and immediately regretting doing so. My stomach flared with pain and I took an involuntary gasp, alerting Adele to my injuries. 
Zane thanked Adele and teleported out of the room, and it immediately changed back to its normal, homey, form. Okay, I know it isn’t very homey as it is now, but I guess it was my home now, so it had to be homey. At least now I was sat on our old sofa, so I was comfortable, but still in mega pain.  
“What happened to you?” Adele asked, sitting down on the coffee table in front of me, a worried expression marring her face. 
“Oh, I had a little run in with a centaur’s hoof. Nothing serious, I don’t think. In fact, I’m a tad more concerned about the fact my teleportation has gone haywire.”
“A centaur kicked you?” Melody said, looking shocked. “How are you still alive?”
“She didn’t want to kill me. I think it was just a warning, you know? She could have killed me if she wanted to.”
“She was a right cow,” Penelope commented. 
“No, she was a right horse,” I said, and Penelope had to cover her laugh with a cough. 
“That so wasn’t funny,” she said, a smile on her lips. 
“Okay, did you say that your powers malfunctioned? What happened?” Adele completely ignored my witty comment and continued to question me. 
“I tried to teleport here, and we kind of ended up in America. People also kind of saw us as well.”
“Great. Perfect.”
“I know, right?” Penelope said. “So why do you think her powers are going all crazy?”
“Well, sometimes a change in hormones can affect magical abilities, but Adara already seems to be an adult physically, and her hormones were supposed to have levelled out after her Manifestation. I can’t think of anything else, other than the Dark Witches interfering with magic.”
Penelope glanced at me, and I shot her a look that told her to be quiet and not say anything. 
“Well, Francis’ fiancée is having a baby, and her magic seems to be fine, and I thought pregnancy was supposed to affect hormones.”
“It all affects people in different ways,” Adele responded. “But I just can’t think of why your magic is going haywire.”
“Uh, well, I have something to tell you,” I said, choosing my next words and hoping to God that she was cool with it. “I’m pregnant.”
“What?” Adele said, just as Melody cried out in a mixture of alarm and pain. 
“What’s wrong, Mel?” Penelope asked, looking genuinely concerned for the banshee’s health. 
Melody grinned, showing her neat, white teeth. “Well, I think I’m having a baby.”
Adele jumped right into action, flashing a wicked smile as she bossed us all around. “Okay, Penelope, get the overnight bag. Adara, call Sabine. Melody, let’s get our butts to the hospital before the little banshee comes out!”
Adele grabbed Melody’s arm and they both disappeared. Penelope smiled and ran up the stairs for the bag, and I pulled my phone from my pocket, locating Sabine’s number. 
“Sabine, Melody’s having the baby!” I yelled into the phone, immediately hanging up, mainly because we were on a time constraint but also because I didn’t want to talk to the woman. 
Penelope rushed down the stairs, the bag’s straps clutched in her fist. She stared at me and her brow furrowed in confusion. “Uh, Adara, how are we supposed to get to the hospital? You can’t teleport very well, if you can’t recall.”
“I can recall. I guess we’re just going to have to fly there.”
“Fly?” Penelope pulled a face. “I don’t like heights.”
“Too bad. I’m not getting a taxi, and I’m certainly not catching a bus.” I shuddered. “Public transport’s for mortals.”
“Well, I’m not flying. Anyway, I wouldn’t trust you to fly. If your magic malfunctions while in the air, things could get disastrous.”  
I scowled. “Are you telling me that I have to get the bus?”
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you.”

I pressed the button and the bag of crisps slowly slid forward, teasing me, until finally getting stuck. It teetered on the edge of oblivion, mocking me. The metal coils clung to it as if in a death-grip. 
I sighed and pulled my wand out, aiming for the stupid snack machine.
“Whoa,” Penelope said, grabbing my wand and making a few of the people in the waiting room stare. “No public displays of magic, please,” she whispered in my ear. “Just do this the old-fashioned way.” Penelope grabbed the sides of the machine and shook it until the bag fell down into the gutter below. She retrieved it for me, smiling with pride. 
“See, you don’t have to use magic for everything.”
“But magic’s easier,” I moaned. 
“That’s exactly why you shouldn’t depend on it all of the time.”

Chapter Five
Matt

“You have to believe us,” I moaned, stretching my legs by pacing the small office. 
“I can’t, Matthew,” Dr Allen said sternly. “It’s not just the science part. It’s the fact that if there is magic, then why has it never been mentioned in the Bible? Humans are supposed to be humans, and that’s it. There is nothing more. They cannot wield the power of the Gods.”
“I never said anything about God!” I yelled. “Yes, some of the witches are that powerful, and yes, magic doesn’t support the fact that there is one God, but there is proof right in front of you that what we’re saying is truth. It’s a lot more proof than what you get when reading the Bible.”
“Matt’s right,” Sally said. “There is no God. Well, at least I don’t think there is. We believe in these people called The Citadel. They are comprised from Life, Death, Fate and Chaos. If you saw them then would you believe us?”
Dr Allen nodded. “I would believe, but you can’t get Gods to come down to Earth. It’s impossible.”
“I never said they were Gods. They are powerful celestial beings, and they will have to show themselves.”
“How?” I asked. 
“If you ask them then they have to come. You’re their Saviour. They have to listen to you.”
“Uh, are you sure about this?” 
“Positive,” Sally said, but she didn’t look positive.
“What should I do? Just yell at them to come?” Sally nodded. “Should I threaten them?” 
“It can’t hurt. You should cuss too.”
“Okay.” So that’s exactly what I did. I threatened and cursed and used quite a lot of colourful language, all the while staring at the tiled ceiling. I stopped to stare at Sally, sure nothing was happening. “Sally, I don’t think it’s–”
An explosion of light. 
I hit the wall and slid down to floor, covering my eyes with my palms. Bright dots danced in the darkness, and I finally willed myself to open my eyes. 
“Oh, shit,” Sally whispered, taking her hands away from her own eyes. 
The four people stood before us were magnificent. Each of them looked only around our age, yet they radiated a sense of power and wisdom that I will never have. 
The first one to catch my eye was a boy who reminded me of Harvey. He dressed all in black, and he had tattoos covering his arms. A few facial piercings caught my attention, and I winced, thinking about how much it would hurt to get them done. 
The name flitted through my head quickly, but I caught it and held it there in my mind, realising who this punk boy was. 
Chaos. 
The boy stood next to Chaos was tall and lanky, with hair as white as snow and skin to match. He wore a dazzling white suit and pointy white shoes, and for some reason I thought about how hard it would be to clean. 
Another name came to mind. 
Fate. 
The two girls were also polar opposites. One of them was dressed all in white, just like Fate. Her hair was a long and shimmering light brown, and her skin tone was a few shades darker, making her seem exotic and mysterious. Her glittering emerald eyes locked onto mine, and she gave me a smile which melted my insides. 
The girl next to her dressed all in black, and she was exactly how Claire described her. Her tangled black hair fell in front of her face, but it did not hide her scowl. Her clothes were torn and dirty, but some parts still held the solid black colour that they must have been at some point. 
Life and Death. 
Life continued smiling a warm genuine smile. “Hello, Matthew, we are The Citadel.”
And that was when Dr Allen fainted. 
Kat Allen rushed over to her father, cradling his head in her lap, yet never tearing her eyes away from The Citadel. 
“Uh, hi, sorry about calling you guys,” I said, scrambling to my feet, but still having my back pressed against the wall. 
“It appears the reason for you calling us is unconscious,” she said, casting a glance at Dr Allen. She turned her gaze onto Dan and Sally, who, for obvious reasons, squirmed beneath it like children being told off by an adult. “This is an amazing group of young people here.” Life cocked her head and walked over to Dan, crouching in front of him. “I feel that you are worried. Do not fear, Daniel; the mother of your children is safe and well. We plan great things for your children, but you have to remember that the people with the strongest of wills can defy our ultimate plan. Now, do not feel guilty; you had to leave her to save Matthew, and if you had not then the world would have broken apart.”
Dan nodded and thanked Life for her words, and she just smiled in return. 
“Wait, what? Huh?” I said, looking between Dan and Life. 
Life smiled again. “Truths will come out soon, Matthew. You have to be patient, but I do warn you that some truths will be better than others.” It would have been my imagination, but it seemed like just for a moment, Life actually glared at Kat. “Loyalties will be tested, and people will choose their sides. Secrets will be revealed, that some you will wish were kept hidden, but some will be needed to show the light and reveal lies that could harm the entire human race.” It definitely wasn’t my imagination; she glared at Kat again, but Kat didn’t notice. She was too busy listening to her words to see where her eyes were travelling. But why would Life dislike Kat? 
Life stopped abruptly, her smile faltering. “I’m sorry, but I believe I have said too much. Matthew, I can assure you that we will meet you. Until then, I hope you the best of luck. Goodbye, Matthew.”
There was another flash of light and I fell to the ground, but it seemed like I was falling further and further… 

Chapter Six
Alice

I pulled my clothes on and tiptoed out of the room, casting a brief glance at Harvey’s sleeping body. I passed Kayla in the hallway, who stared at me with big, confused eyes. 
Going down the stairs, I spotted Ursula into the kitchen and walked in, whistling a tune. She whirled around, a spatula in her hands. 
“Uh, it’s just me, Ursula,” I said, heading for the door. “I was just looking for Matt’s history text book. I need it for class.”
“I don’t think he has a text book. That boy is about as organised as a hoarder, seriously,” Ursula said, putting the spatula down on the countertop and crossing her arms, sobering up. “How are you, Alice?”
“I’m fine,” I said truthfully. 
“I know you aren’t. I watched all my siblings die, Alice. I know it’s a hard thing to deal with.”
“All of your siblings died of old age because the Elder’s only gave you a prolonged life. It is not the same as a sibling dying from unnatural causes. So you don’t know anything, Ursula. Stop pretending you do.”
I walked out of the door and onto the street, stomping toward my own home, which I noted looked way bigger than Matt’s. This was the first time that it occurred to me that my house was bigger than all the others in the neighbourhood. It wasn’t right. 
I stepped back and back until I could look at my house compared to Matt’s. I squinted and tilted my head to the side, and there it was. 
A façade. It was a façade. 
I can’t believe I’ve never seen it before. 
The façade made my house bigger than the rest of them. When my father had talked about what good money it was for the size he was talking about the land that came with it. He just put a façade on the house and made it have as many rooms as he needed. 
Horns blaring. 
A large black van barrelled towards me and I acted on impulse, holding my hands out in front of me, palms out. 
The van crashed into the invisible shield, and I took a few steps back, grunting with the effort. Perspiration dotted my forehead and I gritted my teeth, pushing forward and watching the windshield smash with satisfaction. 
The van suddenly stopped and I fell forward, onto my hands and knees, my vision dimming and becoming a narrow tunnel. 

Judgment. Fan-freaking-tastic. 
Dan and Matt were already here, talking to Claire in a most annoying fashion. I don’t even know what it is about them, they just annoy me. Maybe it’s because of the goodness inside them. They radiated innocence and light, even when things were at the worst points possible. 
It sickened me. 
I hit behind a boulder before any of them noticed I was here, and then I walked up the beach and over the sand dunes, dodging some of the spiky leaves poking out of the sand like spears, ready to impale. 
In Judgment, I had never been off of the beach. Well, I guess there’s a first time for everything. 
There was a road right beside the sand dunes, deserted and desolate. I ran down the side of the sand dune and just stood in the road, staring at the rows of abandoned and empty shops on the roadside.
“What the hell are you doing?” someone hissed, and I turned and saw a man crouched next to one of the buildings, his green eyes full of worry and paranoia. 
“I’m just wandering,” I told him. 
“You don’t ‘just wander’ around here! How long have you even been here, girl?”
“I’ve been here a few times over the months. And I know what I’m doing, so just run along to your little hiding spot and leave me in peace.”
“No, it’s not safe here, and you’re just a child!” He ran over and grabbed my arm, and we were both falling, but where would we end up?

I woke up and a wave of nausea rolled through me when I realised I was moving. I gripped the wooden bench next to me, trying not to hurl. 
“Hello, little sister,” a voice said, and my eyes travelled and met a pair of emerald green ones.
“Bethany,” I gasped, dragging myself up to sit on one of the benches. The van stopped suddenly and I fell forward, right into the metal wall. 
Bethany yelled at the driver, steadying herself as she did so.  She regained her composure and smiled an obviously fake smile at me. “How are you doing, Alice?”
“I’d be better if I wasn’t locked in the back of a creepy van,” I said, my words full of truth. I slyly looked around, searching for the man. Funny, for a moment I thought he would have come through the veil with me. 
She ignored me. “I’m going to be honest with you, Alice. I wanted to kill you when I saw you unconscious in the road. In fact, when I saw you stood there I asked the driver to aim for you. Sorry. But then I realised that because you’re so powerful, even your unconscious magic might harm me if I try and kill you. And now I’ve realised something, now that you’re awake. Your love and compassion has gone, meaning you’re not a self-righteous little cow, so you can’t say no to my proposition on moral grounds.”
“What is it, Bethany?” I asked. “I’m really not in the mood.”
“Well, we Dark Witches have been running a programme to create a new breed of super-witches. So far only one person has successfully survived the process, and she has escaped us. I’m pretty sure you will survive the process, since you’re already so powerful. You see, if you do this, then you’ll be one of the most powerful witches in the world. And then when The Old Ones finally come, you’ll be a queen. People will bow down to you, Alice.”
I smiled. “I’m in.”

Chapter Seven
Dan
“How are you doing today?” I asked Claire as I settled in on the sand. 
She picked up a handful of sand and let the minuscule grains fall through her fingers. “I’m fine, Dan. Just a little lonely, you know?”
“Yeah. I feel pretty lonely, too. It just doesn’t feel right not being with her, you know?”
Claire nodded. “Yes, I feel your pain. It hurts to be apart from a loved one.”
A mixture of hurt and confusion played out on Matt’s face. “Wait, so even Claire knows who this mystery woman is? Why don’t I get to know?”
“The Citadel said that you’d find out later. Be patient, Matt.” 
“I’m not good at being patient, Dan. Can’t you just tell me? Seriously, like a million names are floating through my head at the moment and if I’m not told soon then I’ll go around and ask each of those girls if you’ve knocked them up.”
“Don’t do that!” I whined.
“I will. Maybe I’ll start with that girl in our English class? What’s her name, Camille Cartwright? Yeah, maybe I’ll ask her.”
Damn it, Camille Cartwright. He knew I used to have a crush on her, the little devil. “Fine, fine, I’ll tell you! This is gonna be a big shock to you–” 
“Dan, you’re not telling me that you’ve knocked up Kayla are you? Because if that’s the case then I’m probably going to have to kill you.”
“I’m not saying that. I’m saying that I’m having a baby with Adara, not your twin sister.”
“Good, because if it had of been…” Matt’s eyes suddenly widened and his mouth flopped open. “Uh, Adara’s dead, Dan. Are you feeling okay?”
“I’m feeling fine, Matt. And she isn’t dead.”
“She’s dead, Dan. You all said so a few hours ago. How could something as big as that changed?”
“Matt, this is going to be hard to believe, but Adara faked her death.”
“Why would she have done that?” Matt asked, his eyes narrowing in suspicion.
“I’m not going to tell you why, just that she did. It’s not my place to do so. Anyway, I thought she was dead, and then I saw her in Judgment, and one thing led to another and, well, she’s having my babies.”
“Babies?”
“Twins, at least that’s what she says, but I believe her. Twins just feels right.”
“You’re seriously going to be a dad? And you’re seriously going out with my girlfriend’s supposedly dead twin sister?”
I nodded and Matt grinned. “I have to tell Alice. She’ll be so happy when she finds out.”
“No! No more people can know, Matt. Remember, she faked her own death for a reason.”
“But Alice was so upset,” Matt argued. 
“So she’ll be getting a nice surprise when Adara turns up. Matt, you have to promise you won’t tell anyone.”
“I won’t tell anyone, I promise,” Matt said, but it looked like it pained him to do so. 
Just at that moment the world spun and Matt and I fell through the veil, returning to our own world. 

“Great, you’re awake,” Sally said, and I held my face, wincing in pain. 
“Ow, Sally, did you slap me?” I asked, getting to my feet and looking around the seemingly normal-looking doctor’s office. 
Nothing seemed wrong, except for the fact that the doctor himself was passed out on the floor, oh, and that a few supernatural beings had and were still in the room. 
“I slapped you a few times,” Sally admitted, and then she turned to Matt, who was holding his own face. “And I slapped you too. It was just too irresistible.”
“Uh, okay. Has anything happened since we’ve been out?” I checked the lock on the door and it was, in fact, still locked securely. 
“Nope. Doc’s still passed out and Kat’s still as annoying as always. Nothing’s changed.”
Kat scowled at the witch and continued checking her father’s head for any wounds. She looked exhausted, but anyone would after being trapped in a mental ward for two weeks with psychic abilities to top it off. 
“What did you lot chat about in Judgment?” Sally asked, sitting on the bed and swinging her legs over the side, obviously pleased that she had an excuse to slap us around the face. 
“We talked about Dan’s upcoming fatherhood. I found out who the mother is,” Matt said excitedly, but he kept his mouth shut. 
“I already knew who the mother was,” Sally said proudly, sticking her tongue out at Matt like a child. 
“How did you already know?” Matt whined. 
“I was there when he found out about it. He did a whole big speech and accused her of cheating on him! That was in front of an entire room full of supernatural creatures!”
Matt laughed. “Oh, I bet she ripped him a new one.”
“Actually, they made up and gave each other a big sloppy kiss in front of everyone. Almost threw up, I did.”
“Can we please just shut up about my love life?” I said, and they both did as I asked. 
Dr Allen suddenly stirred, and he pushed his daughter off of him, his eyes wide and frightened. Kat tried to calm him down but he just shoved her again and scrambled backwards until his back was pressed against the wall and he could go no further. 
“What…what were those things?” he rasped, staring at the spot where The Citadel had stood. 
“They were the creators,” I said. “To be honest, I can’t believe they actually showed up for some losers like us, but hey, they did. That’s proof, huh?”
“I can’t believe I have been blind all this time. Magic is real,” he said, looking each of us in the eye. “I believe you.”



Chapter Eight
Adara
Melody grimaced and bunched up the blanket in her hands, gasping for breath. I sat down on the chair next to the bed and watched her, realising with horror that this would be me in nine months. 
“Puts you off the whole kids thing, doesn’t it?” Penelope commented from her perch on the end of Melody’s bed. 
“Gee, you’re so considerate, Medusa,” I remarked, tucking my knees up to my chest. 
“Can you even have children?” Adele asked Penelope. “I thought the reason why your species was almost extinct was because you find it incredibly hard to mate with human males.”
“Why, because of the whole hair and death stare thing?” I questioned. 
Penelope shot me a glare. “No, because of genetics. Male humans rarely are able to impregnate gorgons. It is incredibly rare for one to do so.” 
“And because of the hair and death stare thing,” I added.
“Not because of that!” Penelope yelled at me, jumping to her feet and stomping out of the room like a small child having a tantrum. 
Jesus, you’d think we monsters would have a better grip on our emotions, wouldn’t you? 
“Go apologise to her,” Adele said without even looking at me. 
“Why? I didn’t even do anything!” 
“Just apologise before she kills someone.”
I sighed irritably and walked out of the room, looking for Penelope. The corridor was empty except for the nurses at the nurses’ station. 
I went over to them and asked them if they had seen a blonde with sunglasses running out of Melody’s room. They pointed me to the exit doors and I thanked them, hurrying to the exit. 
I pushed them open and rushed outside, running smack into a dark-haired boy. He pushed off me and I staggered into the wall, the breath rushing out of my lungs. 
“Watch where you’re going!” the boy snarled, and my eyes involuntary widened, and I reached inside my jacket for my wand, ready to fight. 
This boy wasn’t mortal. 
“What are you staring at?” he yelled, and I slowly circled him, keeping eye contact as if he was a wild animal. 
“I’m staring at you,” I said slowly. “I know what you are, and I am very sorry for what has happened to you. You must have been terrified the first time it happened.”
“What are you talking about? The first time what happened?”
“You know what I’m saying. I know you’re a lycanthrope.”
“You know I’m a what?”
“Lycanthrope. It’s the proper term for someone with your ailment. It’s the proper term for a werewolf.”
His eyes widened and he took a few steps back from me. “How…how did you know?”
“The scarring on your neck. It’s the perfect shape for a lycanthrope scratch.”
“How do you know all of this? Are…are you a werewolf too?”
I glanced around and closed the door leading into the corridor so that no one could overhear the conversation. 
“I’m not a lycanthrope, but I’m not mortal. How about you tell me your name, and I can take you to some people who are like you?”
“Like me? You know other werewolves?” His eyes sparkled with excitement, and I found it hard to crush his dreams of meeting other people like him. 
“I don’t know any other werewolves. I’m sorry. I meant that I can take you to other non-mortals. Other people who have special abilities and ailments.”
“Where are they? What are they?” He practically buzzed with excitement. 
“They’re in one of the rooms. My friend, Melody, is having a baby. But one of them ran out here.” I craned my neck and looked around for the missing gorgon. Nope, nowhere to be seen. 
“What is she?”
“Oh, well, she’s a gorgon. You know, like Medusa. She has blonde hair and was wearing sunglasses. Seen her?”
The boy shook his head. “I don’t think so.”
“Okay, so how about we go look for her? You have to tell me your name first, of course.”
He smiled at me, a broad, genuine smile. “Okay. My name’s Sean.”
“My name’s Adara, Sean. It’s good to meet you, but we’ve got to hurry. Penelope could hurt someone, and I will never forgive myself is she does.” I ran down one of the paths and past a patient garden, where a few of the elderly patients gave me disapproving and curious looks. 
“Sorry!” I yelled at them, turning mid-sprint to grab onto Sean’s hand and drag him along with me. 
“I was already coming!” Sean shouted at me, and I laughed and gripped his wrist harder, running faster as well. “Why are we running?”
“Quicker this way!” I bellowed, stopping suddenly when I saw a flash of blonde hair in the middle of the hospital car park. “There she is! Oi! Penelope! Penelope! PE…NE…LO…PEE!!!!!!!!” 
She whipped her head around, and I let go off Sean’s hand so I could run faster, propelling myself with a little magic. 
Oh wait, my magic was malfunctioning! Crap, how could I forget something like that? 
The magic I used to make me faster totally backfired on me, and I went sailing through the air. Penelope screamed and I fell into the side of a van, the bruises covering my stomach burning in fresh agony. 
My head made a crunching noise against it and I slid down the side of the van and onto the ground, my breath leaving my lungs in a whoosh. 
“Ouch, I really need to remember not to use magic,” I said, gasping for breath. 
Sean and Penelope ran over to me, and I gave them a shaky smile. Sean looked uncomfortable as Penelope crouched down and asked me all sorts of questions about how I was and how many fingers she was holding up. 
“I’m fine,” I said to her, pushing myself up and steadying myself using the van. “There is nothing wrong with me. That centaur kick did more damage than this freaking van can do.”
“A centaur? What?” Sean asked.
“Who is this?” Penelope questioned, pointing a slender finger at Sean, her eyebrow raised. 
“This is Sean. He’s a lycanthrope.”
“How is it that everywhere you go supernatural beings follow?” Penelope said, looking genuinely confused. 
I shrugged with a smile on my lips. “Coincidence?” 

Chapter Nine
Matt
We left Kat with her dad so she could explain everything to him. Dan went home, where he would be greeted by his mother, who had just arrived back from her free holiday. 
I teleported over to my house, and Ursula told me to just act normal, because Kayla and Harvey had some weird magic blocks put on their minds to make them think I was still at home over the last few weeks. 
I nodded at her and climbed the stairs, feeling utterly drained and lifeless. Kayla was sat on her bed, headphones blasting the latest craze in music, which in two weeks she would think sucked. 
“Hey, Kayla,” I said, and she just nodded in acknowledgment. 
I passed her room and walked into my own, where Harvey was reading another one of his magical books. I sat down on my bed and closed my eyes, leaning my head against the wall behind me.
“I did something bad,” Harvey said quietly, and I opened one eye to find him staring intently at me. 
“What did you do?” I sighed, leaning forward and rubbing my eyes, stifling a yawn. 
“Uh, don’t be mad, dude, but Alice came over earlier…”
“Alice came over here? Jesus, what was she doing? She knew I wouldn’t be here.”
“Uh, well, I, uh, one thing, um, led to another, and we, like, uh, slept together.” Harvey held his hands to his face as if to block a blow I was seriously considering throwing. 
A tidal wave of emotions rushed through my system, and I collapsed to the floor, my eyes filling with tears as I held in a gut-wrenching sob that threatened to escape my lips. 
“Harvey,” I said quietly, holding back tears, “I think you’ve just caused the end of the world.”
“I know it may seem that way now–”
“No, it doesn’t just seem that way!” I screamed at him. “Alice and I were supposed to save the world! How the hell are we supposed to do that now?”
“Save the world? What are you talking about?”
“Well, Alice is a witch and I’m a warlock and there’s this prophecy that states that the both of us are supposed to save the world from this crazy bunch of witches. So, yeah, this kind of is the end of the world.”
I stood and walked out of the door, not even looking back at him. I was afraid that if I did then I would end up hurting him (or even worse).  
“Matt, I can explain!” I heard Harvey yell. 
“No. I can’t even bare to look at you, Harvey,” I said calmly, teleporting mid-stride to Alice’s house.
Holly practically jumped out of her skin, spilling her bag of chocolate down herself. Her cheeks went bright red when she scooped them all up. “I don’t usually eat chocolate, but…”
“You’re not the one who needs to be explaining,” I said, a dangerous edge to my tone as I walked up the stairs, taking them two at a time. 
I passed Francis, who was cleaning up a smouldering mess in Adara’s old room. I froze in front of the room and stared at the charred mess. Damn, Adara will be mad when she comes back. 
“What happened here?” I questioned, leaning against the doorframe. 
“Alice happened,” Francis replied, scrubbing the floor with a wet sponge. 
My jaw fell open as I surveyed the damage. “What the hell has gotten into that girl?”
“Why, what did she do to you?” Francis wiped his grubby forehead with the back of his hand, obviously glad for a reason to stop working. 
“Oh, she didn’t do anything to me,” I said. “The problem is what she did with Harvey.”
“Huh?” Francis said, and then his eyes slowly widened in realisation. “I’m sorry dude, Alice just isn’t herself.”
“Yeah, I can tell,” I said bitterly. 
“Just go talk to her. Let her explain herself.”
I nodded and walked down the short corridor. I rapped my knuckles against the door and waited, my leg jittering up and down in either impatience or nervousness. 
No reply. 
“Alice, if you don’t answer then I swear to God I will break down this door!” I yelled, banging my fists against the wooden door. 
I counted to three and then I clicked my fingers, and the door blew off its hinges, right into the empty room. 
“Francis!” I shouted with urgency in my voice. “Alice’s gone!”

We all sat in the crowded room while Mr Connor made urgent phone calls to all of the best witch trackers in the country. Mrs Connor sat on the sofa, a blank expression on her face as her fingers absently stroked the material of one of Adara’s scarves that was salvaged from the fire. 
“I can’t believe she’s gone,” Gemma said, staring at the wall as if it was the most fascinating thing in the world. “She was like glue which held us all together, which connected us all to each other. Without her, Matt and Dan would never have been involved in witch business.”
“And Adara wouldn’t be dead,” Mrs Connor said so quietly I thought I misheard her. 
“How are we going to survive without her?” Sally asked no in particular. 
“We’re just going to have to power on. The world can’t save itself, and without Alice we’re facing even worse odds than before,” I said. “But we have to survive this and we have to save the world. There is no question about it.”
But we all knew that we would stand no chance against The Old Ones and the Dark Witches. 
Our impending doom loomed over us like stormy clouds, but threatening us with a lot more than just a mild shower. 

Chapter Ten
Alice

“Here’s your room,” Bethany said, sweeping her hand out like she was inviting me into a grand palace, somewhere I would gladly be at this moment. 
“This is it?” I stared at the tiny cell of a room, and what made it worse was that it had a bunk bed. I would be sharing.
“Yeah. Your roommate is having a shower, but she should be here soon. She’ll explain most of the routine, and soon we’ll pick you up for your marking.”
“Marking? What’s that?”
Bethany gave me a secretive smile before closing the door and leaving me stood in the middle of the cell, an empty feeling inside of me. 
I sat down on the lumpy mattress, stroking the set of clothes that was laid out for me. It was a plain black jumpsuit that reached from my neck to my ankles, totally not my style, but it’ll do. 
I undressed quickly, checking out my body for a brief moment. Damn, I looked good. Pulling on the jumpsuit, I was pleasantly surprised to find that it fit like a glove and was comfortable as well. 
I pulled on the plain black pumps and raked my hands through my dark hair, trying to look at least semi-presentable to whoever my new roommate was.
Ten minutes later, the door to the room opened and I got my first glimpse of my roommate. To be honest, it shocked me. 
A heavyset girl with red cheeks and sparkly blue eyes walked in, towel drying her auburn hair. She saw me and squealed in excitement, bounding over to me. 
“Oh my goodness, you’re so pretty!” the girl said in a bubbly voice, sitting next to me on the bed. 
“Uh, thanks,” I said, trying really hard not to be mean to this girl. So many insults came to mind, but I kept them from flying out of my mouth. I needed to form some sort of ties with people here, didn’t I?
“So, what’s your name?” she asked. “Mine’s Tracy!”
“I’m Florence,” I lied. If I said my real name, then she might recognise it. “Florence Miller.”
“Hi, Florence!” Tracy said excitedly. “Florence is such a pretty name, you know?”
“Uh, yeah,” I agreed, shaking with the effort it took me not to snap this girl’s neck. 
“Where are you from, Florence? Do you have any pets? Any siblings?”
I stared at her, picking out one of her many questions to answer. “I have many siblings. One brother and two sisters. I did have other siblings, but they died. I had a twin and an older sister.”
“I’m so sorry! That must have been terrible for you!”
“I’m over it. That’s the entire reason why I’m here, really. I performed a spell that took away my pain, my love, my compassion. Yes, I did end up sleeping with my boyfriend’s stepbrother, but I do not regret my original decision. In fact, it was the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
Tracy’s eyes widened and she stared at me with awe. “You really don’t love anything?”
“Nothing at all.” I smiled at her, a wicked smile that a completely sane person would never do. 
“And you slept with your boyfriend’s brother?”
“Step-brother. I was teaching Matt a valuable life lesson.”
“What is that life lesson?” Tracy sat forward, looking at me intently, her expression one of pure admiration and concentration. 
“People lie and cheat, so it’s best not to have any emotions at all.” 
“Ooh, I’ve got to remember that!” Tracy said, laughing at something I obviously didn’t understand. 
“So, Tracy…” I said, tucking one of my knees up to my chest and letting the other leg hang of the bed. I rested my chin on my knee as I stared at her. “What is a Marking?” 
“Everyone has to go through a Marking,” Tracy said, her eyes growing dark and her expression growing sombre. “They have images of the symbols needed to make you a powerful witch, pictures that were taken of the only survivor of the programme, and they replicate them on you. I’m not allowed to say anything else, but you’ll find out soon enough.” 
I dropped the subject and we discussed little things about our lives and our families. Food was an easy topic with Tracy, and she ranted on and on about the measly portions she got here. 
“How did you even get here?” I suddenly asked. “I mean, you seem a little too nice to be a Dark Witch.”
“Well, I’m sure you’re too nice to be a Dark Witch too. It’s just that my parents are Dark Witches, and they volunteered me for the programme. It needs all of the young Dark Witches it can get at the moment.”
“God, my parents would never have done that, even if it was for the Light Witches.”
“Yeah, well I guess your parents are nicer than mine,” Tracy said quietly. “Mine hate me. They’d gladly take you over me, you’re pretty and thin and a true Dark Witch.”
I laughed. “I’m not a true Dark Witch, Tracy. If anyone here knew who I really was, they’d kill me in an instant. You see, I’m dangerous and unpredictable, and whatever side I’m on is the side that’s going to win.”
“Who are you then?” Tracy said, obviously excited by this entire thing. 
I tapped my nose, a smile teasing my lips. “I can’t tell you that, Tracy. If I did, then I’d have to kill you, and believe me, I will.”
Suddenly, the door opened and Bethany appeared, her long sharp nails raking across the door, sickening me and making me wince.
“Ow, don’t do that, Bethany!” I growled at her, malevolence in my tone. 
“It’s Marking time!” Bethany announced in an American drawl, grinning at me wickedly. 
“Why American?” I questioned as I stood up and walked over to the door, my arms crossed over my chest and my eyebrows raised. 
Bethany shrugged. “Only accent I can do.” 
“Why any accent?”
“Stop taking the fun outta things!” Bethany said, swinging on the door, her red hair fanning out as she swung. She waved at Tracy. “We’ll be back later. Look after her, will ya?” 
Tracy nodded, looking solemn. “I will, Ms Connor.”
Bethany’s arms then shot out at me, and before I knew it a rag soaked in chloroform was pressed to my mouth and nose, and I was going limp in my evil sister’s arms. 




Chapter Eleven
Dan

“Danny!” Sally groaned, grabbing my hand and pulling me up the stairs. “Why are you so damn slow?”
“Why are you so damn fast?” I retorted. “What are we even doing? We can’t leave everyone downstairs, fretting over Alice.”
“Do you want to see your future wife?” she asked, and I growled at her, letting myself be dragged up the stairs by a girl a year younger than me. I know, I’m pathetic. 
“What are we doing, Sally?” I moaned as she pulled me into her room, shutting the door behind us. 
“We’re going to teleport over and see how Adara is. Unless you don’t want to do that and you want to just stay here and mope all day.” 
“I definitely don’t want to do that. But don’t you want to stay with your family?”
Sally shook her very pink head. “I can’t handle all of this rubbish. Alice will turn up eventually, safe and sound, and there’s no point waiting around for her to realise she’s being a selfish cow.”
“Okay…” I said slowly as she pulled her wand out. “How are you gonna find her? We don’t know where she’s staying.”
“That’s simple, Danny. I’m just going to use you, as you’re linked with Adara forever now. Just give me some of your hair…”
“Hey, hey, hey!” I yelled, covering my hair with my hands. “Do not touch my hair! I’m still traumatised after the last time someone hacked my hair off!”
“Just a strand, you big baby,” Sally said, plucking a stand of my dark hair from my head, twisting it around her wand. “That should work.”
The hair started to sizzle and she grabbed my hand before she disappeared. We were both transported across the country, and we appeared in the car park for a hospital in Manchester.
“Oh my God!” a boy with dark hair screamed once we had fully materialised. 
Adara took one look at me and squealed in delight, putting her arms around my neck and kissing my lips. I pressed my own mouth against hers, and I’m pretty sure I heard Sally doing retching noises. 
I shot her the finger and dug my other hand in her hair, my tongue delving into her mouth. Adara’s legs wrapped around my waist and I pushed her back into the side of a van. She moaned and arched her back, and I kissed a trail up her neck. 
“Jesus, inappropriate!” Penelope the gorgon yelled, making us both break apart and give her evil looks. 
“I was just saying,” she muttered. “You shouldn’t be all over each other like that in front of people. Especially in front of strangers like Sean here.”
“Sean, I forgot you were still here,” Adara said to the uncomfortable-looking boy. “Sorry about that.”
“What happened to your head?” I asked, stroking her hair back to expose a nasty gash on her temple.
“I kind of hit the van,” Adara said sheepishly. “My magic appears to be slightly malfunctioning. I tried to make myself run faster, and I kind of ended up flying through the air and smashing into the side of this van. No harm done, really.”
My hands immediately flew to her stomach, and she winced and shied away from my touch. “Adara, how bad is the pain there? Seriously, you need to get that looked at–”
“And what do I say to the doctor’s? I was riding a horse and it kicked me? What name should I give them? I can’t use Adara Connor because I’m supposed to be dead, and that name’s bound to raise a few eyebrows. It’s not exactly common, either.”
“I’m just thinking about the health of our babies, Adara,” I said, putting both of my hands on her flat stomach. 
“Aw, you’re so hard to rant at, Mortal-boy,” Adara said. 
“But you always rant at me,” I pointed out, and she scowled at me. 
“Shut up, Danny. Why are you two here anyway?”
“I wanted to see you. Now, the real question is why are you here?” I gestured wildly at the hospital buildings. 
“Melody the banshee’s having her baby,” Penelope said, an annoyed look on her face. “And we really should be there with her.”
“You’re the one who ran away,” Adara said to the gorgon. 
“We need to get back. Adele will be worried about us, and I do not want to keep her waiting long. That girl scares me.”
Sally’s eyes widened. “Adele’s here? Oh my God, I have to see her, Adara!”
Adara sighed. “You can see her, but be warned, she’s different than what she was when she was a little kid.”
“I know she’ll be different!” Sally said. “But I really want to see her. I thought she was dead, Adara.”
“I’m not just talking about her getting older, Sally. Remember she used to have that lovely auburn hair? You know, like Gemma has, and like Bethany had before she dyed it a brighter red?”
“I know what you mean,” Sally snapped. “What is it about her hair?”
“Well, her hair’s blood red, and so are her eyes and lips. She’s also slightly disfigured.                                                                                                                              
“Disfigured?”
“Her chest and neck are covered in symbols that the Dark Witches burned and carved into her skin to make her a better witch.”
“Oh,” Sally said, casting her gaze down to her shoes.
“You’ll be with her, Sally. She loves meeting with people; Adele’s a very sociable girl.”
“Sarcasm isn’t good on you,” Sally said to her older sister.
“Hey, I’m the freaking queen of sarcasm.” 
“I thought I held that title,” said Sally, frowning. 
“Of course you’re the queen of sarcasm,” Adara said slowly, smiling at her younger sister.
“You did it again!”

Chapter Twelve
Adara

We walked slowly to Melody’s room, like a funeral procession. It appeared that as much as Sally wanted to see Adele, she didn’t quite want to face her alone, and the rest of us were just scared-y cats. 
Yes, she may just be my older sister, but Adele was one scary girl!
“Who’s going in first?” Penelope asked, and we all shook our heads and took a step back from the seemingly normal looking door. It wasn’t the door that scared us though; it was what was behind the door. 
Adele. 
“Damn it, I’ll go in first,” I said, stepping forward and opening the door. 
Adele’s head jerked up and she stood up from her seat, a questioning look on her face. “You seem to have brought back the entire population of Manchester.”
“Well, you know me,” I said, casually walking into the room, trying not to let pain flash on my face. 
Dan, Sally, Penelope and Sean shuffled in behind me, all of them awkwardly shifting on the balls of their feet, staring at everything else but Adele. 
“Who are they then?” Adele questioned, looking each of them in the eye. 
“Don’t you recognise your own little sister?” Sally asked Adele, fear flashing briefly in her eyes. 
“Sally?” Tears came to Adele’s eyes and she hugged her little sister tightly. Sally gave me a worried look over Adele’s shoulder but she hugged Adele back anyway. 
“Hey, Adele. I though you were dead.”
“Yeah, well, you know death can’t hold back a true Connor.” Adele smiled and broke away from her, crimson-tinged tears rolling down her face. “Who are the rest of these guys?”
“This is Sean; he’s a lycanthrope I met outside. He’s kind of lost.” Sean nodded in acknowledge as Dan walked over to me and wrapped his arm around my waist, making sure not to go near any of the bruises on my stomach. “And this sexy fella is my boyfriend, Daniel Norris.”
“Sexy?” Sally laughed. 
“Hey, I am sexy,” Dan protested. 
“Sure you are, Danny,” Sally said, walking over and patting his shoulder. 
“Is this the scumbag who knocked you up?” Adele asked, fire burning in her already fiery eyes. 
“I don’t think he’s a scumbag,” Melody said, speaking up for the first time. “I’ve met him before, and your little sister. They were trying to get the ingredients to save two people’s lives, and the rest of the world. I don’t think this boy is bad, Adele.”
“Adara, I forgot to tell you!” Dan said suddenly. “I met The Citadel earlier!”
“You met The Citadel?” My jaw went slack as I stared at him. 
“So did I,” Sally said quietly. 
“Both of you? Oh my God, what did they say, what did they look like?”
“Life talked to me about you,” Dan said to me, snuggling into me more. “She told me not to worry, that you were fine. She also said that they planned great things for our children.”
“Life said that to you?” I asked, not believing his words. 
He nodded. “She’s amazing, she really is.”
“She didn’t say anything to me, but if she had I wouldn’t have been able to respond. I was speechless when they appeared. Utterly speechless.”
“You swore,” Dan pointed out, and she scowled at him. 
“Don’t make me look stupid, Danny. It will not end well for you.”
“We’re all kind of going off topic here,” Adele said. “Now, what are your intentions toward my dear little sister?”
“I intend to marry Adara and spend the rest of my life with her, never straying from her and always being faithful. As you can see, I will love her forever and always.”
It was at that point that a man suddenly appeared on the floor, his eyes wide and his clothes dirty. 
“Huh?” I said, staring at the grubby man.
“Well, it appears my teleportation is a little off,” the man said, getting up and straightening his clothes, as if it helped his appearance. 
“Ah, Adele, it is a pleasure to see you again, it really is. I’m afraid my magic is a tad rusty, so it took me a while to track you down.”
“Do I know you?” Adele asked with a look of confusion. 
“Don’t you recognise me? You don’t recognise your own twin brother?” 
“How many freaking kids did your parents have?” Dan said to me, and I just shrugged, staring at the man who claimed to be my brother. 
“Raven?” Adele said. “You can’t be here. You were sent to Judgment for your crimes.”
“And I’m back. An annoying girl brought me here. I don’t know how, but she did.”
“Wait, what did this girl look like?” I said, staring at the man with suspicion. 
“Dark hair. Purple eyes.”
“Alice,” Dan and I said in unison. 
“Oh, so that was my little sister!” Raven laughed, raking a hand through his black hair. “Now I wished I had stopped Bethany from loading her into the back of that van.”
“What?” Sally yelled. “Bethany has Alice? We have to get her back!”
“You don’t want to do that, little girl. I’m pretty sure our dear sister has taken Alice to one of the Dark Witches bases, and storming a place like that would be suicide.” 
“The odds don’t frighten us,” I said. “We’re always facing pretty bad odds, so why should they scare us now?”
“It’s like walking in front of an angry bull dressed in a red jumper! Idiotic!” 
“And why do you care what happens to us?” Adele said. “Last I heard you were a maniac on the side of the Dark Witches, and you were so bad the Light Witches had to send you to Judgment, where you couldn’t hurt anyone else.” 
Sally slipped out of the room, her phone in her hands. She would have to tell our dad about the news. All of the news. Well, at least it wasn’t me having to talk to him. 
“Wait, why don’t the Light Witches just send all the Dark Witches to Judgment?” Dan asked. 
“There has to be balance. Light and Dark. Also, it would send alarm bells ringing for the mortals if thousands of people just disappeared,” I answered. “But it was a good idea anyway, Dan.”
“But why do the mortals not know about you? Why don’t you want them to know?”

Chapter Thirteen
Matt

Mr Connor sighed into the phone. “Where are you Sally?” A pause. “Only Matt’s in the room with me… fine, I’ll put it on speaker phone.”
“Is it on speaker phone?” Sally asked, her voice sounding shaky. 
“Yes, it is,” I called. 
“Okay, I’m just calling to tell you about some news that’s come up. Dad, I know where Alice is.”
I leaped to my feet and across the room, grabbing the phone from Mr Connor’s hands. “Where is she, Sally?” 
“No need to shout, Mattie. I’m not deaf, but I will be if you continue with your yelling. Inside voice, please. I’ve found out that Alice is in a Dark Witch base.”
Mr Connor practically wrestled the phone from my hands, a disappointed look on his face. “Sally, I already knew that. Didn’t you think that I would have already done all of the tracking spells possible by now? I’m not looking for her; I’m trying to think of ways to get her out.”
“You already knew?” I asked, not believing his words. “Why the hell didn’t you tell me? I would already be there, getting her out of that God forsaken place!”
“That’s exactly the reason why. You would have stormed off and gotten yourself killed!”
“It’s better than giving up on her!”
“Be quiet!” Sally yelled, and we both shut up. “Dad, I’ve got another thing to tell you.” She paused, obviously debating in her head whether or not to tell him this piece of information. “Raven’s here.”
Mr Connor looked confused. “Who’s Raven?”
“Your son,” Sally said, and Mr Connor turned deathly pale. 
“Fredrick?” Mr Connor asked after a long silence. “He is not my son, nor will he ever be. Fredrick is evil through and through, and you should not be anywhere near him.”
“Dad, did you know he was sent to Judgment?”
“No, I did not. But if he’s in Judgment, how is he with you? Are you in Judgment now?”
“No, he’s out of Judgment. It turns out that if you’re touching someone like Alice or Matt, then you’re dragged out of Judgment too.”
“How is that possible? They’re supposed to be dead.” My brows knitted together in confusion. 
“No, Judgment’s just between life and death,” Mr Connor said.
“But Claire’s dead and she’s there.”
“Theoretically, everyone is dead and alive in Judgment. If someone, such as you, was to try and bring someone such as Claire back, who had already died, then, based on what’s happened here, she should come back whole. But this is all guess work, Matthew.”
“There’s a chance I can bring my sister back from the dead?” I said.
“Yes, there is, but…” 
Too late. 
I could already feel myself fading out of this world and into the next. 

Claire looked bewildered as I explained everything to her. 
“So I can come back to life?” Claire finally asked with scepticism in her voice. 
“Exactly.”
“Are you sure it will work?”
“Nope.”
Claire gave me a wicked grin. “That’s good enough for me.”
“I knew it would be. Okay, so when I feel like I’m going to pass out, I need to grab your hand and we’ll see what happens.”
“Okay, I can totally do that,” Claire said, and then she frowned. “But what will it be like when I’m back? I’ve not been there in thirteen years. Oh God, I’m old!”
“You’re twenty-nine, Claire. That’s hardly old. Anyway, you’ll start off again as a sixteen year old.”
“Do you know that? I could be a wrinkly old granny!” 
I laughed. “You won’t be a wrinkly old granny.” 
“I might. You have no idea what you’re doing, Mattie.”
“I never have any idea what I’m doing,” I said. “I just go along with the flow. The flow appears to be taking us this way, and the flow has not gone wrong before.”
“The flow got you poisoned at a kebab shop.” 
“Fair point, but it should work. Mr Connor used the word theoretically. That’s got to be good, isn’t it? It tells us there’s a chance, a very slim chance, but a chance nevertheless.”
“I suppose your right, but if I turn into an old granny then I’ll hit you with my handbag, scream about you trying to mug me, and then get you arrested.”
“Thanks, Claire, you’re such a good sister,” I said. 
“Are you being sarcastic with me?”
“No, Ma’am.” 
Everything blurred suddenly, and I reached out blindly. I felt Claire’s petite hand grasp my own, and then we were both plummeting, down and down and down…

I sat up with a gasp, letting Claire’s hand fall out of my grip. She stared at me, her eyes wide and frightened, looking as if she might bolt at any second. 
The carpet in the middle of the Connors’ living room was rough under me, and my back ached from the position I had fallen in. 
“Ouch, my body hurts,” Claire said, rubbing her butt. “Wait a minute, it worked! I’m alive! I’m A-freaking-LIVE!!!!!!!”
“Don’t break my eardrums!” I yelled at her. “You’re gonna give me a killer headache, which I don’t really appreciate.”   
“It worked,” Mr Connor said a little breathlessly, staring at Claire as if she was a flying pig. Sorry for the imagery, Claire.
“It did,” I agreed, and we both inspected my older sister. 
“I’m alive, Mattie! I’m finally alive!”
“Good for you!” I said with her level of enthusiasm, feeling the beginnings of a headache approaching. The pain in my stomach, the pain that never went away, gradually intensified, and I gritted my teeth, making my hands into fists. My nails dug into my palms, but that pain was nothing compared to the pain emitting from my stomach. 
Time was running out. 

Chapter Fourteen
Alice

My neck and upper body burned in white hot agony, and I groaned and moaned, writhing on the mattress.  
A damp cloth gently touched my forehead, and a girl’s voice said soothing words to me. Every time I shifted, it felt like invisible daggers were being plunged deep into my very soul. 
“Its fine, Florence,” the girl said, and the cloth touched my face again. “I’m just going to peel off these bandages…”
A scream tore through my throat as I felt the bandages being pulled from my tender skin. It felt like my entire body had been doused in petrol, and now someone had just dropped a lit match on me. 
My body jerked away from the girl’s touch and my eyes flung open. I was confused for a moment, but then Tracy’s smiling face came into focus. 
“What happened to me?” I scrambled away from her until my back was pressed into the cool wall. 
“You survived the Marking. Some people don’t even do that.”
“What is the Marking?” I asked, slowly looking down at myself, worried at what I might see. 
A bandage hung off of my chest and neck, exposing the fresh cuts and burns on my skin. Tears sprung to my eyes and I immediately pressed the bandage back onto the wounds, causing the invisible daggers to be plunged again. 
“The Dark Witches believe that symbols hold lots of power. That’s why they carve them into our skin, because they think it will make us more powerful. We don’t believe it, but if we defy them then we’re dead. Personally, I think they do it just because they like seeing people in pain. They like ruining people’s lives.”
“When will it heal?” I questioned, seeing the horrid images of my own body under my eyelids. 
“It will never heal,” Tracy responded, a sympathetic look on her face. “You’ll always be left with the scars, well, that is if you survive. I know I’m not going to survive, but Bethany has high hopes for you, Florence. You’re going to go a long way.”
“I don’t want to go a long way!” I screamed. “I want to go back home. I want to save the freaking world! If people like this are in charge after The Old Ones come back, then I don’t want witches to reign over everyone else. I just didn’t realise before that the Dark Witches will seriously screw you over, whatever side you’re on.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Florence.”
“My name is not Florence!” I shrieked at her. “My name is Alice Connor, and I will stop The Old Ones from returning.”
“How are you supposed to do that, Alice?” Bethany asked, suddenly appearing in the middle of the room. “You can’t leave.”
“I can, and I will.” I concentrated on teleporting, but I didn’t even move an inch.
“Sorry, sis, but unless you have one of these,” Bethany held up her wrist to expose a leather bracelet with symbols carved into it, “then you’re not getting out of here. This place is so secure you can’t teleport out. Well, I can. Now, be a good girl and play nice.”
She disappeared, and I said, “But how about teleporting into here?” 
I was sure Matt and his posse would try and get me back from these horrid witches. And I wanted them to succeed. The sooner I was out, the sooner we could save the world, and then I wouldn’t have to live in a world run by these idiotic Dark Witches. Win-win for everyone, apart from the Dark Witches, of course. 
“What are you thinking about?” Tracy asked me, as bubbly and excited as ever, even after I just told her who I really was. 
“I’m thinking that my boyfriend will be here soon; Tracy, we’re both getting out of this dump.”
“That would disgrace my parents. I could not possibly go with you.”
“Then you’re going to die,” I said simply, trying to stop the tears from flowing. The pain was just so intense, but I just had to try and ignore it and hope it went away. 
“I don’t want to die, though,” said Tracy.
“Well, you’re gonna.” My stomach grumbled. “When’s dinner? I might as well eat something before I get busted outta here.”
“Dinner started ten minutes ago. We can still go down, if you want.”
“I want.” I grinned wickedly and got to my feet, pushing the pain down and trying not to show my weaknesses in front of me. I may have gotten rid of my love and my emotional pain, but the physical pain still hurt like hell. 
Maybe I should have gotten rid of that as well. 
Tracy stared at me in awe. “After my Marking, I was unconscious for days, and I couldn’t even get up for days after.”
“How long have I been out?”
“Three hours.”
“Well, I guess I’m just special,” I said. “And I can tell by your face that you know how special I am. My name. It’s a very special thing, is my name.”
“Connor. They’re like the most famous witches in the entire world.”
“Yeah, I know,” I said smugly as Tracy opened the heavy metal door and beckoned for me to go into the corridor ahead of her. 
I stepped out into the freezing corridor and immediately hugged myself, making the dull throb turn into sharp needles of fiery pain. Tracy closed the door behind us, casting worried looks at me when she thought I wasn’t looking. 
“Yeah, I know I shouldn’t be standing right now,” I said to her as we walked through the dark corridors. “But as we’ve already discussed, I am more powerful than the average witch. Yes, it hurts like someone just brutally carved and branded symbols onto my skin, but I can stand it. If we all stop every time something bad happens, we’d never get anywhere. Wow, Tracy, you can use that if you want to make a big book of quotes. Put Alice Connor, the most amazing witch ever to live underneath it.”
Tracy stared at me with a confused look on her face. 
“You’ll get used to my weirdness. In fact, I haven’t even got used to it myself, so good luck with that little task.”

Chapter Fifteen
Dan

“The mortals don’t know about us because it would be too dangerous,” the new guy, Raven, said to me. “They would hunt us down just like they did hundreds of years ago. Ever heard of the Salem Witch trials? They were real witches, just like most of the people in this room our.”
“But people aren’t like that anymore. They’re much more accepting.”
“They are not. They just make it seem that way because everything is much more publicised now.”
“But you don’t know how they’ll react,” I said. “They might be nice and accepting, you never know.”
“We are not willing to take that chance,” Raven said. “Mortals are very paranoid creatures. When something appears that frightens them, they don’t scurry away, they try and kill this new threat, and then they try to study it to make them stronger. There are many more mortals than there are witches, and if they decide to round us all up or start a nuclear war over magic, then we’re doomed. The entire world would be doomed.”
“Well, are you always so pessimistic?” 
“Yes, yes I am.”
“Good to know.” I nodded, my arm snaking around Adara’s waist. 
Sally slipped back into the room, a bright and cheery smile on her face, drowning out the gloominess of her supposed older brother. “I just called my dad, and he told Matt about what happened with Raven here. Matt’s gone and got Claire out of Judgment.”
“That’s terrific!” Melody shrieked, shocking us all into stunned silence. Her breathing was ragged and her hair hung limp, some of it sticking to her face as if she had coated herself in glue. “Now, will you all shut the hell up because I am having a freaking baby?!!!! You’re all talking about your problems, but I have my own problems going on now!”
“Oh, right, sorry,” Adara said. “Adele, you stay here with Mel and wait for the baby to pop out. The rest of us should wait outside. I don’t even think we’re allowed to be in here.”
“Rules don’t really apply for us,” Raven said. 
“They should,” I said. “Witches shouldn’t act like everyone else is beneath them. I won’t stand for it.”
“And how could you stop us?” Raven questioned. 
“With immense skill. Don’t question my logic.” We hurried out of the room after Melody yelled at us again. 
Adara was looking uneasy as she took a seat in the waiting room. I sat next to her, and she snuggled into me, resting her head on my shoulder. Her long black hair cascaded down the front of her face, obscuring her expression. 
“What’s wrong, Baby?” I asked, sweeping her hair out of her eyes. 
“I’m going to be in there soon,” Adara said quietly. “I don’t know if we can do it, Danny. Look at us, we’re not parent material. We’re just kids, and in nine months we’ll still be just kids.”
“Yeah, I know, but people can do a lot of maturation in that time.”
“Maturation?” Adara echoed with a laugh. 
“It’s a word, trust me,” I told her, stroking her long hair back, letting it slip through my fingers as if her hairs were mere grains of sand.
“I trust you with everything in me,” Adara said.
“Me too,” I responded, kissing her forehead. 
“You two, stop being so cheesy. Yes, you love each other, we’ve established this,” Raven said, leaning against the wall and crossing his arms, looking like he wanted to be somewhere else. 
“Shut it, Fredrick,” Sally said, and Raven scowled at her. 
“I prefer to be called Raven now. Fredrick is just the name your parents gave me when I was born.”
“Raven’s a little dramatic, though,” Penelope said. “It screams Dark Witch. If you had picked a name like, I don’t know, Bob then you wouldn’t be as obvious.”
“Bob. Who’s called Bob nowadays?” Raven said. 
Sean-the-lycanthrope stared down at his scuffed trainers, an awfully confused look on his awfully confused face.
“You okay, Sean?” Adara asked, noticing the distressed werewolf at the same time as me. 
“I’m fine. Everything’s just a little confusing, is all. You’re all talking about people I’ve never heard of. I didn’t even realise witches were real until half-an-hour ago.”
“Well, it’s just that we can’t stop to explain things,” I said. “I don’t understand most of what they usually say. We’re kind of on a time constraint, so it’s best not to question things.”
Sean nodded. “Yeah, I’m way lost. I just want some information on werewolves.”
“They’re rude and they stink,” Raven said with a wicked smile. “As far as I’m concerned, they are on the bottom rung of the ladder of supernatural beings.”
“How about gorgons?” Penelope asked him. “They’re pretty bad things.”
“Yes, gorgons aren’t even on the ladder they’re so bad. Banshee’s are down there on the list as well.” Raven paused, mulling over what he just said. “I’ve just realised that this is a pretty unremarkable group of supernatural beings. Heck, one of you isn’t even a supernatural.” 
“Hey,” I protested quietly. “You say it like it’s a bad thing.”
“That’s because it is a bad thing, especially in this world. You’re surrounded by dangerous people, not able to protect yourself. That’s not even the worst of it; the witches that are with you have to look out for you as well as themselves, so you’re putting them in peril. Face it, kid, you shouldn’t be here, and everyone knows it.”

Chapter Sixteen
Adara
“Shut the hell up, Raven!” I yelled, and the nurses gave us strange looks. 
Yes, I know we looked very strange, with Sally’s bright pink hair and Raven’s battered clothing, but do they really have to stare? Oh, and we were also commencing in a screaming match. 
Yeah, they do have a right to stare. 
“You know I’m right!” Raven shouted back, and I felt magic crackling in the air, and the metallic taste exploded in my mouth, so strong it caused me to gag. 
Tiles fell from the roof, and Raven’s eyes glowed green. His eyes were normally green, but instead of the sparkling emerald green they usually were, his eyes were literally glowing. 
The nurses screamed as plaster rained down around us, but the strange group of kids just stood and looked at each other, knowing the culprit of this bizarre event. 
“Calm down, Raven,” I said. “Don’t let your magic get the better of you.”
“I can’t help losing control,” Raven said, his teeth gritted with veins sticking out of his forehead and neck. 
Wow, it actually looked like he was holding back his magic. But if this was him holding back, then how powerful was he when he really just let go?
Dust particles floated down around us and a few bits and pieces of broken ceiling tile hit me, but I barely noticed. I just kept my eye contact with Raven and hoped to God that he was calming down. 
“I’m sorry!” he finally rasped after what seemed like an eternity. “It’s just that I don’t think mortals should have anything to do with witch business.”
“Well they do, so you can just shut your mouth and keep your magic under control from now on,” I told him. “Unless you want even more mortals being involved.”
He scowled at me, and I heard faint shouting and screaming in the distance. Oh yeah, the roof had just practically collapsed on us. 
We should probably act like we’re shocked or something.
The door to Melody’s room opened slightly and Adele stepped out, anger rolling off her in waves. 
“Which one of you idiots did this?”
We all collectively pointed at Raven, who cast his gaze down in shame. The dust settled, and we all took a look at the carnage inflicted by the said Connor. 
“Raven, you need to come up with a good excuse for this, and fast, otherwise we’re all going down.”
“I will, Adele.” 
She nodded and went back inside, closing the door behind her. There was a crash and I whirled around and saw Dan as a heap on the ground. My vision swam and I cursed, falling to my knees. 

“Damn it, why does this always happen at the least opportune moments?” I asked Dan as I clambered to my feet. 
The beach of desolate and I had to admit that Judgment wasn’t as nice to visit without Claire there to greet us. 
“What do we do?” Dan questioned quietly, just above a whisper, grabbing my hand like a scared child in the dark. 
“Let’s go on an adventure!” I announced. “Maybe there are some good people here that deserve to be brought back to the land of the living. Or maybe they’ll try and kill us. There’s only one way to find out, Mortal-Boy.”
“Sometimes I hate you, Witch-Girl,” Dan said as we climbed over the sand dunes, our jeans getting covered in sand, our fingers getting cut by the uncontrollable spikes of sharp-as-glass grass. 
“You can’t hate me,” I said, catching my breath and leaning against a broken streetlight. “No one hates me. I’m just too good.”
“Well, I think that can be proved wrong.” Daniel Norris sat down on the cracked pavements, crossing his legs and sending his own glare back at the glaring sun. 
“Why are you sat down?” 
“Because that was a tiring climb,” Dan said.
“Well, get back up, we’re moving again.”
“Why the hell do you get to govern when we rest and when we walk?” Dan jogged up beside me as I speed-walked down the deserted street. 
“Because I’m having your babies,” I informed him, looking in a broken shop window. 
Movement caught my eye, and I gave Dan a look that told him not to say another word. 
He nodded and I tried the doorknob to the shop. 
Locked. 
As quietly as I could, I climbed over the broken sill, wincing as my palm caught on a jagged bit of glass. I stood and helped Dan through, who eyed the red stain on the glass and gave it a wide berth. 
“You okay?” he whispered in my ear, and I nodded, pointing to the other end of the shop and mouthing “Go!”, hoping he understood that I wanted to corner whoever this person was. 
Dan nodded and disappeared behind a shelf full of canned foods. 
I heard a soft metallic click and something pressed into my temple. Arms wrapped around me and my heart leaped out of my chest. 
“Now, don’t say a word or I’ll blow your brains out!” a man’s voice hissed in my ear. 
I whirled and batted the gun from his hand, screaming for Dan. He grabbed me around the waist when I tried to run, and he snarled at me, spitting in my face.
His arms around my waist caused fresh pain to explode in my stomach, and I slumped in his tight grip, tears streaming down my face as I fought back screams. 
Dan ran back around the corner, and someone jumped out and tackled him, knocking him into the shelving unit.
The person dragged Dan to his feet, holding his arms behind his back. Dan gasped, and I saw a trickle of blood pour down his face and onto his shirt. 
“We…are…screwed!” I gasped, and the man behind me grabbed my wrists and turned me around, already knowing my weaknesses. He smiled a wicked smile and his knee came up and went into my stomach. 
Dan could only watch in horror as I screamed. 

Chapter Seventeen
Matt

Francis cleaned his wand with a cloth, and Holly tied the laces on her knee-high boots, a determined look on her face. Gemma zipped up her hoodie, looking very solemn and depressed, because she knew we probably weren’t going to get Alice out. But she had volunteered, she so she must think there was a chance, a slim one, but it was a chance. 
Claire wrapped her arm around my shoulders and we all linked hands, concentrating on Alice and where she was. 
Mr Connor opted out of coming with us, saying that he would be better off here, just so all of us don’t march off to our deaths. 
Ah, he filled me with so much confidence.
We teleported across the country, and we all staggered away from each other, falling against walls and tables. 
The smell of sickly food that reminded me of school dinners assaulted my nostrils, and I had to stop myself from throwing up. 
About fifty young people froze and gawked at us, some of them dropping their knives and forks, making clattering noises in the awkward silence. 
“You took your time,” Alice Connor said, rising out of her seat, a pained look on her face. She walked over to me calmly, but her façade of normality cracked and pain showed clearly on her face. 
She kissed my cheek and I stepped away from her, turning away in hurt. She stared at me in confusion for a moment, and then her eyes widened in realisation. 
“You know,” she said quietly. 
“Yeah,” I said, swallowing back tears. “It’s time to get out of here, Alice.”
“Do you have one of those leather bands?” Alice asked, and we all froze and shook our heads, dread consuming us. 
“What leather bands?” Holly questioned, keeping her eye on the group of adolescent Dark Witches.
“You can teleport in here without them, but you can’t teleport out of here,” Alice said. “Jesus, you lot have not done your homework, have you? This means we’re going to have to steal a leather band from someone.”
“Who has one?”
“Bethany,” Alice replied, and my lips twitched up in a smile. 
Our little reunion was broken apart by the sound of an annoying teenager with a bad case of acne. 
“Who are you? I’m going to get the wardens!” 
Francis Connor was across the room in a blink of an eye, holding the boy at wand-point, if there was such a thing. The boy’s eyes went wide and he opened his mouth. 
Gemma waved her wand and his mouth immediately snapped shut, the force of Gemma’s magic keeping him from alerting the Dark Witches that we were here. She twisted her wrist and all of the locks on the doors of the room locked, trapping us all in here. 
“Yeah, who are you?” a girl asked, rising to her feet. “Why are you even here?”
“We’re The Saviours,” I said with a smile. “And I’ve just realised a way to get us all out of here, without the need of violence.”
“What is it?” Holly said with a confused glance at me.
“Mr Connor has to know someone who specialises in symbols,” I said, and I flipped my phone open. 
He answered on the first ring. “Hello, Matt? What is it?”
“We’re kind of stuck here, and we need a leather bracelet to get out,” I said. “Do you know anyone who’s really good with symbols and can make us a bracelet?”
“I’ll call, Adara,” Mr Connor said. “She’s knows someone who is very good with symbols, well, the person is very good at everything.”
“Just give me Adara’s new number. I’m assuming she uses a new phone since she was supposed to be dead.”
“Yeah, one minute…” Mr Connor read the number to me and I typed it into my mobile, thanking him. 
I called the number and no one picked up for a while. When it was actually answered, a male voice was on the other end. 
“Who is this?”
“Who is this?” I replied, and the man on the other end sighed irritably.
“This is Raven, Adara’s brother. I’m sorry, but at the moment Adara is unconscious on the floor in la-la-land, and if you wanted to speak to Dan, then he is also unconscious.”
“They’re in Judgment?”
“Oh, so you know her then?” Raven said. 
“Uh, yeah. I’m Matthew Miller, you may have heard of me. I need to speak with someone who is very good with symbols and other stuff related with that. I don’t suppose that you know someone like that?”
“You’re looking for Adele,” Raven said. “Before you ask, no, I’m not getting her for you.”
“Why on Earth not?” I asked, and I heard voices in the background, arguing voices. 
“Because she scares me!” Raven answered. He paused and the phone became muffled as he said, “If you want to go and talk to Adele, you do it yourself, Sally. Yeah, apparently this lad called Matt needs her. Hurry.” There was another pause, and Raven’s voice became clearer. “Sally’s getting Adele. What do you even need her for?”
“We’re stuck in the Dark Witches base, because none of us thought to wonder why Alice just didn’t break out herself. Turns out, you can’t teleport out of here, so well done, us.”
“Oh, you actually went to get Alice,” Raven said. “Ooh, here’s Adele now. Take the phone before this boy’s stupidity infects me!” 
“Cheers,” I said into the phone as rustling sounds commenced. 
“Matthew Miller, this is Adele Connor.”

Chapter Eighteen
Alice

I watched as Matt talked to the supposedly amazing witch girl, discussing what he needed to get us all out of here. 
The teenagers in the room whispered with each other and stared at us as I walked stiffly across the room, looking for anyone willing to cause trouble. 
Pain flared through my entire body, and I just wanted to lie down and close my eyes, shutting out the whole horrid world. 
But I couldn’t do that. That would show people that I was weak, fragile, that I needed looking after. 
I did not need looking after, and I was not weak. 
I was Alice Connor, soon to be one of the most powerful and feared Light Witches in the world. 
Light, not Dark. 
Dark Witches were too much to handle, and I’ve discovered that I kind of like having mortals around. Without them, who would do all the work that needed doing? I certainly wouldn’t. 
“This is bad,” Tracy said from behind me, and I just nodded, biting my lip so hard it drew blood. 
Damn, my entire body hurt like hell. 
Darkness clouded my vision and my knees buckled beneath me. My chest felt like someone had poured acid onto it, and as I hit the ground a jolt of pain shot up my body, making me cry out and alert the others that something was wrong with me. 
So much for not showing I was weak. 
Francis was by my side first, his eyes scanning up and down my body for possible injuries. Tracy knelt and touched my shoulder in a comforting way, but it only brought more pain. Tears stung my eyes and I cried out, and Tracy immediately took her hand away, already apologising. 
The Dark Witches had carved all over my chest, shoulders, and some of my back. Yeah, those areas were a tad sore. 
Suddenly Matt was in front of me, the phone still pressed against his ear. He looked me over like Francis did, looking increasingly worried, even though he was the one that was really dying, not me. 
“There’s someone here that specialises in everything magic,” Matt told me. “She’ll be here soon, and then she’ll look after you.”
“I…don’t…need…looking…after!” I snarled at him. “And this magic woman can’t do anything to help me.”
“She can get us out of here,” Matt said. “I think that classes as help.”
“Shut up, Matt. I’m in a lot of pain right now, and you arguing with me are not helping,” I told him, slowly but surely getting to my feet, trying to stop the world from spinning. 
“Alice, sit down, you look like you’re going to be sick!” Matt ordered, grabbing my arms and forcing me to sit down on one of the benches. 
“I’m fine, Mattie,” I said. “I’m just in a little bit of pain right now, but it’ll go away. Tracy say’s it’ll go away.”
“Who’s Tracy?” Matt asked gently, as if I was a small child, or a simpleton. I was neither. 
“I’m Tracy,” Tracy said. “Alice is my roommate here.”
“Good to know,” Matt said sarcastically. “What are you talking about? What will go away?”
“They Marked me,” I told him, wiping at my eyes. “Bethany knocked me out and when I woke up, they had done this.”
I unzipped the front of the sleek, black jumpsuit, slowly and carefully peeling away the bandages over my chest. “They did this a few hours ago.”
Matt’s eyes widened a fraction, and he cautiously reached forward, the tips of his fingers brushing the marks and making tears spring to my eyes. He withdrew his hand, examining the marks just with his eyes.
“Ouch,” Gemma said, peering over Matt’s shoulder to get a closer look. “Want me to close up the cuts? I can’t do anything for the burns, though.”
I nodded, biting my lip again. “Please, Gem.”
Gemma nodded and touched my forearm, closing her eyes. The shallower cuts closed up and the skin knitted back together, and I breathed a sigh of relief. The burns still stung, but the cuts were virtually painless. Yes, they left scars, but they didn’t bother me as much as the pain had. 
Gem smiled and took her hand off mine, but I didn’t return the smile. I didn’t thank her. She was nothing to me, just another piece in the puzzle of my life, a piece that was integral to my survival. 
“Adele, are you coming now?” Matt asked into the phone, nodding along with someone none of us could hear. “Then let the gorgon look after the banshee, and the rest of them can watch over the others while they’re in Judgment. What? The ceiling fell down? Who even is this Raven dude? Huh? Adele, just make the leather band as soon as you can, because I don’t think this is going to end well for anyone.”
Francis turned white as he listened to the one-side of the conversation. His body visibly shook as Matt said goodbye and turned the mobile off, an exasperated look on his face, pain flickering his eyes for only a moment. 
He was hurting, but he didn’t want anyone to see.
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost. 
“What is it, Francis?” his fiancée asked, running her hand down his arm in a comforting manner. 
“The name,” Francis said with a strained voice, as if he was in pain. “I never told you about my younger sister, Adele. She was a twin, like Alice, but the other baby was a stillborn. My parents were so excited because the stillborn was going to be a boy, but, you know… When Adele was younger, she was maybe five or six at the time, the Dark Witches kidnapped her, and that was the last we’ve heard about her. But, it can’t be her, not after all of these years.”
Matt looked sick as he said, “Uh, dude, I think it is her. Connors’ just have a way of defeating the worst of odds.”
“God, this can’t be happening,” Francis said. “When people die, they’re supposed to stay dead. Why can’t our family just stick to those basic rules?”
“Because we’re all weirdoes,” I said dryly. “And some of us are even evil baddies that just happen to be weirdoes.”
“Well, I don’t appreciate being called a weirdo,” Bethany Connor herself said after just stepping out of the thin air. 
She took in our confused looks and tapped the leather band around her wrist, showing us the thing we desired the most, yet it was just out of our reach. 
But most things were out of reach in our lives, and how we fought to get them, and we usually did. 
Bethany was going to be in for a shock. 

Chapter Nineteen
Dan

Adara fell in a heap on the floor and I elbowed my captor in the face, running to her side. The men swore but let us cling to each other, not even bothering to break us apart. 
I stared at each of their faces, putting them both on the list of people I wanted to murder. Yes, I had such a list. Didn’t everyone else?
Suddenly they both broke out in smiles. One of the men bent down and offered me his hand. 
Gingerly, I took it, helping Adara to her feet as well. We stared at the two men in confusion. 
Just a minute ago, hadn’t they been beating us to a pulp?
“Welcome. I’m sorry for that, we were just seeing if you were real. The Old Ones sometimes sent us apparitions, which then infiltrate our system. We can’t have that happening again.”
“Uh. You do realise you just beat my girlfriend?” I asked, not believing a word these goons said. 
One of them smiled a bright, cheery smile. “Yes, we do realise that. I apologise, but it was needed.”
The other man spoke up. “Now, we’re going to take you somewhere safe, somewhere that The Old Ones will not enter. Just don’t reveal our position to anyone, and you’ll do fine.”
I kept Adara close to me as the men led us to the back of the shop and down a flight of creaky stairs. 
Each damp, rotted wooden step groaned under my weight, and I just closed my eyes and hoped that it wouldn’t snap. I had seen a TV show ages where a bloke fell through his stairs, and his leg got caught in the wood and they had to amputate it. 
I did not want that happening to me. 
Adara looked just as uneasy as me, and to top it off she was shaking and sweating, due to the immense beating she had just sustained. 
“Dan,” she said quietly, and I’m sure the man in front of us and the man behind us, herding us like sheep, could hear clearly what she was saying to me.
“What is it?” I asked quickly, concern lacing my voice. 
“They can’t have survived this, Dan. We’re just going to have to face the facts.”
“But The Citadel said–”
“The Citadel said that they planned great things for them,” Adara snapped, her voice rising. “But that doesn’t stop them from dying, Dan. Some people have gone against The Citadel’s master plan before, and I can’t see any way that our children have survived. First the centaur, then the van, now this.”
“They have to have survived,” I told her as we reached the bottom step. “Enough crap has gone on in our lives without another bad thing having to happen.”
“You know nothing good can happen to us,” Adara said. “The universe hates us.”
“Naw, the universe just wants to make things hard for us,” I told her. “If it hated us, then we’d be dead.”
She smiled. “I suppose your right.”
One of our captors cleared their throat and Adara and I closed our mouths immediately, keeping our eyes on the ground in front of us. 
“We’re here,” the man said, sweeping back a curtain in front of a gap in the concrete wall. 
It was a small gap, only big enough for someone to wiggle their way through. 
I stared at it sceptically, and one of the men climbed through with ease, poking his head up from the other side and giving us reassuring looks. 
“I will not fit in there,” I told the man through the gap, even though it sounded stupid. 
This man was all muscle and must weigh over ten million tons, and he fit through. I was just being stupid. 
“What’s on the other side?” Adara asked with an eyebrow raised. 
“Our safe haven,” replied the man on our side of the hole. He was just as bulky as the other man. 
I nodded and began to crawl through the hole, which had begun to look smaller and smaller with every passing moment. 
For a moment I thought my butt had got stuck, but I managed to wiggle my way through the tiny hole, getting helped down by the scary-looking man.
Adara came through next, slipping through the hole as if the sides were greased with butter. I helped her to the ground, and she was soon followed by the other tank of a man. 
We were all stood in a tiny room, only as big as a hospital lift (or elevator, for all you Americans out there) and I was quickly becoming claustrophobic. 
A little sliver of light crept through the slit between the heavy wooden door and the frame. 
I jittered with anticipation, my palms sweating, like when I had to attend Anthony’s funeral, and all of his army colleagues were there, staring at me, as if they wished it had been me instead of him. 
I knew they really didn’t think that, but that was just the way my imagination was at the time. 
“Are you ready to see our world?” Mr Tank said to us, and I have now decided that was his name. 
The other one was Mr Beast.
“Yes, we’re ready,” I said, catching my straying thoughts before they became too wild. 
Mr Tank opened the door with a grunt, and I thought about how heavy it must be if someone like him had to put effort into opening it. 
I shook the silly, meaningless thoughts from my mind and took my first look at the ‘safe haven’. 

Chapter Twenty
Adara

We stepped into the light, my eyes watering not just from the brightness of it, but because of the pain. Yes, it didn’t hurt as much as a centaur kick did, but damn, it hurt. 
My entire body shook and my feet felt numb as they dragged across the floor, one foot in front of the other. 
It was a miracle I didn’t trip, but Dan’s arm was always at my elbow, intervening before anything even happened.
“You okay, Miss…?” the man I had named Carl said. The other was Bob, just because I liked the name Bob. 
“Connor,” I supplied. “And I’m fine.”
“You look a little pale,” Bob said, and something snapped in me.
This bloke had seriously just beaten the crap out of me, and he was saying how pale my complexion was. 
“I would have been fine if you hadn’t taken it upon yourself to attack a defenceless, pregnant, woman!” 
Dan’s eyes widened and his arm circled me, tightening possessively. 
“Pregnant? That’s not possible, Miss Connor. When you arrive in Judgment, you are technically dead and technically alive. You may have been with child in the world of the living, but here, your baby simply doesn’t exist.”
“Shut up!” I yelled at him. “I know I’m pregnant, idiot. In fact, I got knocked up here, so you don’t know anything.”
Dan’s grip suddenly tightened, and he looked at me with big, brown, worried eyes. 
Oh yeah, I probably shouldn’t give too much information away about who I really am. If they knew about us, things could easily go really well or really bad. 
“Adara, do not tell them about our personal stuff,” he said to me. 
Carl laughed. “You two are together? I thought you were brother and sister or something.”
“Why?” Dan said, and I realised now that this discussion was a matter of his manhood, his pride. 
“She’s out of your league, man,” Bob said truthfully, and I nodded along, knowing it would annoy Dan. 
“And we can already tell she’s a witch, and you’re just a mortal. And you’re what, fifteen, sixteen?”
“I’m almost seventeen,” Dan said, “and Adara is just as old as me.”
“He’s right, boys,” I said. “I’m just a little girl.”
Dan and I walked ahead of them, and we finally looked around the big, bright room. 
Glowing, magic-filled orbs of light hung in the air, casting harsh, brilliant light across the damp and dark room. Sleeping bags and mattresses were strewn across the floor in a seemingly unorganised fashion. 
A few people sat around, and a few were even practising magic. They were all staring at us as if we were aliens.
“We’ve got two newbies,” Carl said to them, sitting on one of the mattresses, cracking his neck and back at the same time, making Dan and I involuntarily flinch. 
“Girl reckons she’s pregnant,” Bob said, grabbing a can of tomato soup and scraping his finger around it, licking it off like the disgusting oaf he was.  
“That’s not possible,” a woman with platinum blonde hair said, stepping out of the shadows. 
Her eyes were an icy, cold blue, and she had an air of authority about her. She looked to be in her early thirties.
“Miss Bishop, these are our new arrivals.”
I smiled at the woman, a strained, forced smile. “Hi, I’m Adara Connor, and this idiot is Daniel Norris, likes to go by Dan, Danny, or Mortal-boy.”
“And Adara likes to go by Witch-Girl,” Dan interjected with a smile of his own. 
“It’s a pleasure,” Miss Bishop said with a look of disdain on her face. “I’m Natasha Bishop, but everyone calls me Miss Bishop, or Bish to my close friends. As long as you two stick to our rules, you’ll be fine here. We need some new people, especially since Raven disappeared.” 
We froze on the spot, our eyes widening. Raven was part of this lovely group of people. 
“Now, Adara, you are deluding yourself by thinking that you are with child. Things like that are impossible in Judgment.”
“Well, I’m not your average witch,” I said. “And Danny isn’t your average mortal. Now, we’ll be off in a minute, so there’s no need to make arrangements for us.”
“We’ve been here a lot longer than usual,” Dan said quietly. 
“Don’t,” I replied. “Just don’t say anything. Let me have a little bit of hope.”
“I have no idea what you two are talking about, but just grab a sleeping bag from the store room and drag it in here. We’ll introduce you to the rest of our people at dinner. For now, just try and not get on anyone’s bad side.”
Bob showed us to the store room, which was really just a little alcove in the wall, and we both picked our sleeping bags, knowing that we were probably not going home for a while. 
We both set our sleeping bags down in a secluded corner of the room, and then we just sat down and stared at each other, our hands entwined. 
“Sooo,” Dan said, drawing the word out. “Today’s been a pretty eventful day.”
“Yep,” I replied. “When d’you think whatever-the-hell-it-is-that-brings-us-here is going to let us back home?”
“How am I supposed to know?” Dan sighed, rubbing his hand across his face. “God, I don’t know anything anymore.”
“Ignorance is bliss,” I responded. “Well, that’s what some people say.”

Chapter Twenty-One
Matt


Bethany Connor smiled and tapped the leather band around her wrist, the thing that we needed to get out of here. 
I tried to keep my concentration locked on the evil Connor, but my eyes kept travelling to Gemma and Alice, who were speaking in frantic, hushed tones. I could practically see the cogs turning in their heads. They were forming a plan. 
“Bethany, just let us leave,” Francis said to his little sister, casting a glance at Alice and Gemma, buying them time to decide whatever they were going to do. “Seriously, you’re a Connor. You don’t belong with the Dark Witches.”
“You don’t know where I belong, Brother,” Bethany snarled at him. “You’ve always been Dad’s favourite, the perfect little boy. You would never even think about going dark.”
“You’re right, I wouldn’t. But not because of Dad’s affection, but because I would never betray my own people like that, and I know, in my heart, that Dark Witches are evil. They are the thorn in the Light Witches’ side, and the world would be a much better place without them.”
“Powerful speech, Francis,” Bethany said. “I suppose you’ve put winning an OSCAR on your to-do list, because that really was some good acting. Face it, Brother, being a Dark Witch is better than being a Light Witch. Even if we don’t have good morals, at least we’re fun to be around. All you Light Witches are stuck-up bitches.”
“Did you just call me a bitch?” Alice asked, her purple eyes blazing in anger. “Take that back or I’ll make you take it back.”
“You can’t control me, Alice,” Bethany said, stalking over to Alice, her wand raised as if to attack the young witch. 
“Now, Gem!” Alice yelled, holding up Gemma’s wand, since she had misplaced her own on her little trip into this hell-hole. A lightning zap went out and struck Bethany, paralysing her for a moment, and Gemma ran around the frozen girl with a salt shaker, making a circle around Bethany. 
“Bethany Connor, by the power invested in me by The Citadel, and the countless Connor ancestors that came before me, I am trapping you in this circle of power, power which I have drawn from the elements, and my core magic inside of me. You may not pass until I say so, which will be never, just to tell you.”
Bethany unfroze and laughed. “I can just step out of this, idiots. Salt circles only work on the least powerful of witches.” She tried to step out of it, but an invisible barrier stopped her from passing. 
“My magic is almost limitless, Bethany. I’m more powerful than you will ever be. Good luck getting out of that pesky little salt circle–none of your little Dark Witches will help you; I froze them all.”
I looked around and realised that Alice was right. All of the Dark Witches-to be were frozen on the spot, even that girl, Tracy.
It was almost comical, seeing them all frozen on the spot. Some dude was even frozen halfway through getting a pathetic-looking wand out of his jumpsuit, aiming it at Alice. 
God, the youth today were so ungrateful. 
“Okay, now all we have to do is sit tight and I’ll freeze whoever comes into this room.”
“Why didn’t you just freeze Bethany for longer?” I questioned, sitting next to Alice on the bench. 
Alice smiled. “I like watching her stuck inside that little salt circle, powerless. I want her to see us when we get out of this place, and she’ll be unable to stop us.”
“A little mean, but okay,” I said. 
“She wasn’t a little mean to me? Look at what she did to me, Matt! I’m going to be scarred for life.”
“Well, at least you’ll be alive,” I countered. “I don’t have much time left, and I really don’t want to deal with petty things between siblings. All I want to do now is save the world, a place I won’t even be on in a few weeks.”
“Will you stop your wining? You’re dying, but at least you’re not going into death blind! You know there’s an afterlife, so what’s your problem?”
“I’ll be leaving all of my loved ones.”
“They’ll join you eventually, Matt.”
“And Mum will be there,” Claire said. 
“Why are you taking her side?” I asked Claire, and she shrugged, looking down at the floor. 
Claire mumbled, “Mum will be lonely, won’t she? None of us are with her, and I’m sure you want to meet her again.”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to die young, I don’t want to die before I’m ready,” I said. 
“Dying isn’t so bad, Matt. Trust me, I’ve died before.”
My phone chirped, and I turned away from them, pressing it against my ear. “Hello?”
“Matt? It’s Adele. I’ve got a leather band I think might work, do you want me to teleport in and see?”
“But what if you can’t get out again? All of us will be stuck.”
“It’ll be okay. I have confidence in my creations.”
“Wait, how did you work so fast?” 
“I used magic to speed up the process. Instead of carving symbols by hand, I just used magic to transport images from my mind onto the leather. It’s pretty simple if you know what you’re doing.”
“Alright, then. I suppose you can come down here. Do you know where we are?”
“Yeah, I’ve already located you. Coming in three…two…one…”
The phone went static and a girl with crazy red hair appeared, holding a leather band between her hands. She looked up and I gasped involuntarily. 
Her eyes, they glowed red. 
“Hi, I’m Adele.”

Chapter Twenty-Two
Alice

So this was my sister. 
“Oh my God, it is you!” Francis blurted, staring at his little sister with wide, wide eyes. 
“Hey, Francis,” Adele said calmly. “Long time no see.”
“We can discuss things later,” I said. “Right now we need to get the hell out of here.”
“Alright, everyone who wants to get out of here form a circle!” Adele barked, and we all got into the circle, linking arms. 
Matt’s palms were sweating, and I resisted the urge to let go and wipe my hands on my jumpsuit. His hand shook in my own, and I squeezed it reassuringly. 
“Hurts?” I whispered to him, trying to ignore my own pain. 
He nodded. “It feels like I’m going to pass out.”
“It’ll be fine, Matt,” I told him, feeling nausea myself at the feel of his sweaty hand on my bare skin. 
Adele looked at us all, and we nodded, telling her we were ready. I cast a look back at Tracy, still as a statue. 
Yes, I had told her we would both get out of here, but so what? She could stay and honour her parents, make them proud. She would be better off with the Dark Witches, and let’s face it, she’s really annoying. 
I would have to resist the urge to kill her if she came along. 
I shook myself from mid-thought and realised we had already teleported into a brightly lit hospital waiting area. 
Sally and a raven-haired boy were busy using magic to reattach ceiling tiles, and an awkward-looking boy was sweeping up lots and lots of dust-like particles. 
Oh, and my dead sister and Dan were passed out on the floor. 
I stared in confusion, and Matt cursed under his breath. Before I knew it, I was at Adara’s side, my hands shaking as I checked for a pulse, for any sign of life. 
A pulse, clear and strong. 
“You lied to me,” I whispered to no one in particular. 
I stood and whirled around so I was facing Holly, Francis, Gemma and Sally, the people who said Adara was dead. 
“You lied to me!” I repeated in a shriek. “You told me she was dead!”
“They didn’t know, Alice!” Sally yelled at her older sister. “They all saw her dead body; they all believed she was really gone. The only people who knew were Dad, Dan, Mattie and me. So don’t take it out on the rest of them.”
“How?” Francis said in a heartbroken voice. “How is she still alive?”
“She faked her death,” Sally said. “I can’t tell you anything other than that. It’s not my place to. But it is important none of you tell anyone else; this has already gotten out of hand, and Adara can’t do what she has to do if everyone knows she’s alive.”
“What’s wrong with them?” Holly asked, kneeling next to the two unconscious teens. 
“They’re in Judgment,” Adele said, heading over to a nondescript door. She opened it and went inside, without another word to anyone. 
“You need to get them out of here before anyone comes back,” the awkward boy said. “They’ll ask questions none of us will be able to answer.”
“Where to then?” Matt asked. “I don’t suppose any of you have anywhere to go?”
“I have a flat,” the awkward boy said. 
“Good. We’ll go there. Everyone link arms, and you, man-I’ve-never-met-before, think about your flat, and we’ll all hopefully get there.”
“Hopefully?” awkward boy said with an eyebrow raised. 
“Well, I’m new at this,” Matt said truthfully, and we all linked again, but this time two of us touched our unconscious comrades. 
Adara’s skin was cool under mine, and I had to resist sending a jolt of electricity through her to 1) see if she would wake up and 2) because she had faked her own death and that kind of annoyed me. 
Luckily, the teleportation worked, and we appeared in a dingy little flat. Awkward-boy’s cheeks burned and he quickly neatened the room, as if that helped much. 
The raven-haired boy and Francis both helped moved Adara and Dan into more comfortable positions, and then we all just stood there, looking at each other expectantly. 
“Soooooo,” I said. “Should we introduce ourselves to each other?”
“Okay,” the awkward-boy said. “I’m Sean. I met Adara at the hospital.”
“What were you doing at the hospital?” Matt asked, prying into this poor man’s life. 
“My sister’s having a baby. I’ve not seen her in years, so I was basically hiding from her.” 
“Slightly creepy,” I commented. “But okay.”
I glanced to my left and saw that Francis was still staring intently at Adara, as if he couldn’t believe she was really here. Well, he better start believing. 
“I’m Raven,” the raven-haired boy said. “But some of you may know me as Fredrick Connor.”
Francis cursed and said, “Who else is going to turn up? Henry the eighth? I wouldn’t be surprised!”
“Calm down, Francis!” Holly barked at him, putting her arm around his waist and bringing him in close to her. 
“I can’t calm down,” Francis told her. “This is all too much. Fredrick died, and five years later his twin sister was kidnapped. They should both be dead.”
“No, we were just with the Dark Witches,” Raven said. “Your parents gave me to them because they sensed I was evil. I probably wouldn’t have turned out like this if I had stayed with them, but that’s all in the past now. I’ve changed, Judgment changed me.”
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Gemma said, sitting down next to Adara, taking her hand. 
Her eyes widened and fraction and she said, “Something’s wrong with her.”
“Honey, she was kicked by a centaur, and she flew face first into a van a few hours ago. A lot of stuff is wrong with her, and I’m not even mentioning her mental stability,” Sally said, kneeling next to her cousin. 
“No, I didn’t mean it like that. It’s not wrong, but, she…she gives off the same sort of energy as Holly does. You know how everyone has an aura?”
Sally nodded, and I raised my eyebrow at my little cousin. “Well, Lillian has been teaching me how to read auras by touching people. Sally, you have a bright orange aura, and Alice, your aura is red with specks of black in it, but it used to be lilac. Dan has a green aura and Francis, you also have a green aura, except it’s darker; I think it’s getting darker with age–”
“We don’t care about our auras. What about hers?” I nodded toward Adara, who hadn’t moved a muscle since we moved her.
“She has a purple aura, expect its silver around the edges, which isn’t normal. Holly, your aura is yellow, but it also has the silver around the edges, expect your silver is more pronounced.”
“And? What does it mean?” Holly asked, even though I could see in her eyes that she knew what it meant. 
I knew what it meant as well. 
“It means she’s pregnant.”
And that was when Matt and I passed out. 

Chapter Twenty-Three
	Dan	


It was dinner time in Judgment. 
The condemned Dark Witches stared at Adara and me with curiosity while they ate their dinner, and we did our best not to make eye contact with anyone other than Mr Tank and Mr Beast. 
“As you all know by now,” Miss Bishop said, her icy cool gaze scanning every face in the room, “we have two new arrivals: Daniel Norris and Adara Connor.”
“Hi,” I said sheepishly, staring at my scuffed trainers as if they were the most interesting things in the world. 
“Hey,” Adara said, and she also seemed to have an interest in my shoes as well. 
“Now it’s time to introduce ourselves. I am, as you know, Bishop. These two handsome men are Liam and Mickey. This is Roberta” – Roberta was a scary looking woman with more tattoos than I could count – “This is Mitch” – again, he looked pretty scary – “Frankie and Charlie” – Frankie and Charlie were identical twins, both male, if you were thinking they were girls – “Jackie” – Jackie actually looked like someone I could get along with – “Edna, Louis, Patrick, Wilhelm, Aaron, Ingrid, Phantom, Benjamin and Sylvia.” Yep, all the rest of them looked like they could eat me alive. 
I swallowed nervously and she continued. “Now, all of you need to look out for these two. One of them is mortal.”
“And the other is with child, or children, I should say,” Jackie said, shocking most of the residents of this horrid place. “I am a skilled reader of auras. I don’t even have to touch people anymore.”
“Well, I suppose if Jackie says it it’s true,” Bishop said, a smile on her usually cold face. “This is going to be fantastic. We’ll finally get out of here.”
“Huh, how?” 
“Well, a baby being born will force a rip in the veil, because this is a place between life and death. When it rips open, we can get back through that rip. Simple, right?”
“I am not staying here for months!” Adara whispered in my ear. 
“Neither am I,” I replied in my own hushed tone. “I’m not cut out to stay in Judgment, and how is Matt supposed to stay alive that long?”
“I don’t know, Dan. We’ll figure something out.”
We kept quiet after dinner, only speaking when others spoke to us. Adara and I just sat in the corner and stared at the wall, praying that whatever it was that brought us here would take us out soon. 
“Hey,” Jackie said, sitting down next to us without being invited. “How are you two?”
“Fine,” Adara and I replied in unison. 
“Okay, so, are you fitting in well?”
“Nope,” I said. “We hate it here and we need to get the hell away. What, did you expect any other answer?” 
“No, I didn’t, actually. Everyone is like that when they arrive here.”
“I’m not in the mood for a chat right now,” Adara told the woman. “Seriously, come back later. I’m tired.”
Jackie looked upset, but she got up and left without another word. Adara smiled at me and lied down on the grubby sleeping bag, laying her head on my lap. 
“That was a little mean,” I told her, stroking her hair. 
“I don’t care. I just want to leave, Danny.” 
“I do as well, but I’m not being rude to anyone,” I said. “I’m a nice person, unlike you.”
“Shut up, Danny.”
“You’re just proving my point,” I told her. 
“I’m not proving any point other than my own,” Adara said. She closed her eyes and I watched her as she drifted off to sleep. 
Creepy, I know, but I just couldn’t resist myself.
Liam, a.k.a Mr Tank, or Mr Beast, I really couldn’t tell the difference now, came over. 
Ooh, I’m popular today. 
“How are you doing?” Liam asked, settling down on the sleeping bag opposite me. 
I put my finger to my lips and pointed down at Adara, who was sleeping soundly now. Liam nodded in understanding and lowered the volume of his voice, repeating the question. 
“I’m fine,” I replied, twirling a lock of her hair around my finger, watching the light dance on it and make it seem as if it was blue and purple as well as black. 
“Good to know,” Liam said. “We’re all worried about you.”
“What, just because she’s carrying my mystery babies?” I asked, gesturing down at Adara’s sleeping form. 
“No, because now you’re our family. Everyone who lives here and abides by our rules is family.”
“Yeah, well, I have a family of my own back in the land of the living, as you like to call it. They’ll all be worried sick over this.”
“But…you do realise that you’re technically dead to them? When someone goes to Judgment, they leave a dead body behind.”
“My body is alive, and so is Adara’s. We’ve seen it happen to other people.”
“Well, if you say so…” He looked pretty sceptical. 
“I do say so. I know it sounds crazy, but I’m telling the truth. Believe it or not, but I don’t lie an awful lot.”
“You could be lying right now,” Liam said. “I’ll talk to you both later when your lady wakes up. You should have a few friends here.”
Liam stood and cracked his neck, nodding goodbye to me as he strode over to Mickey. 
He just didn’t understand that I didn’t want any friends here. I couldn’t be friends with these people; they were the worst the witching community had to offer, and I did not want to stay in their company any longer than I had to. 

Chapter Twenty-Four
Adara
The sound of shouting awoke me. 
I moaned and forced my eyelids to part, focusing on blurry figures running around like headless chickens. 
Ugh, what now?
Dan yawned beside me, rubbing sleep from his eyes. He scanned the room, a look of bewilderment on his face. 
My own eyes focused and I saw Mickey and Liam dragging two people kicking and screaming into the room. Dan and I jumped to our feet, and I almost didn’t believe what I was seeing. 
 “Get your filthy hands off of me!” Alice Connor, my twin sister, shrieked at Liam, and Liam only held on tighter, looking very irritated with the teenage witch. 
Matt was more subdued, but that was probably because he didn’t have the energy to fight my new ‘family’. 
That boy needed help, and fast. 
Alice saw me and our eyes locked. Hers were nothing like I’ve ever seen before; fire burned, and her expression was one of hatred. 
Liam screamed and let go of Alice, clutching his right hand in his other hand. He jumped about, tears streaming from his eyes, and Mickey let go of Matt to tend to his friend. 
“You,” Alice said, marching over to me, flinging anyone that got near her away with her mind. “How could you do that to me?”
A slap burned my cheek and I fell back, right into Dan’s arms. 
“I did it to protect you!” I yelled at her. “I’m still protecting you, but you don’t know it. The only reason why I faked my death was to help you and Matt save the world.”
“And how can you help us?” Alice said, as Matt staggered over, sweat rolling down his face. 
He didn’t say anything, but he leaned against the concrete wall, looking very sick and very weak. He needed help, and fast. 
“You can’t know yet. You can only find out at the final battle. Then everything will be clear.”
“We’ll all probably die,” Alice said. “Just tell me now, or I’ll probably never know.”
“Then you’ll just never know,” I replied. “Now, can we please stop focusing on me and my miraculous-ness, and can we please focus on Mattie here? He’s dying, and I don’t think he has long left.”
“And what can we do about that? I can’t stop him from dying, Adara, and we need him to stop the end of the world.” I noted how she obviously didn’t think of Matt as anything other than the boy who would aid her in getting what she wants. It didn’t matter what happened to him after the final battle. 
Mickey and a few other witches tried to get to us, but they were stopped by a shimmering force field around us, which I guessed was Alice’s doing. 
Bishop stormed over, furious about Alice’s behaviour. She was knocked back by the force field, and that only made her angrier. Bishop smashed her fists against it and screeched in frustration, only able to watch the four teenagers inside. 
“You can, Alice,” I said. “We can give him strength. You know how.”
She looked confused for a moment. “But Francis isn’t here. We can’t create a new coven.”
“Dan’s here,” I said, and Dan’s head jerked up, and he looked pretty startled. “Yes, I mentioned you in a witch-y conversation. Get over it.” I sobered and said, “Dan’s connected to the magical world, and I’m sure he could be our air.”
“I could be what?” Dan said, and I ignored him. 
“But he’s not a warlock!” Alice practically shrieked at me. “He doesn’t have an element! No mortal has ever been in a coven, Adara. It just can’t happen.”
“No, it just hasn’t had the chance to happen. We have to do it now, before Matt passes out or anything.”
“I’m fine,” Matt gasped, and I shook my head. 
“You look like death warmed up, Mattie. We have to make a coven to give you strength and maybe even prolong your life. This is hope. We all know witches are stronger when they’re in a coven, and they can even siphon energy from the other members. You know this is the best option for us.”
Reluctantly, Matt nodded. “Okay, do what you have to do to make it happen.”
“Okay, air, you start. Just call the element to you, Dan. It’ll be fine,” I told Dan, and he nodded and cleared his throat. 
“Air, uh, could you come over to me please?” 
I almost laughed at the way he called the element, but I managed to hold it back. 
“Fire, come to me!” Matt rasped, pushing himself off from the wall, trying to stand by himself. 
“Water, come here. Now,” Alice said, rolling her eyes and looking bored. She didn’t believe in the ancient rituals people went through to create a coven. She thought it was as simple as a blood tie ceremony, but I thought there was always a little truth in the folklore and superstition that went with the ritual to create a coven. 
“Earth, please come to me!” I said loudly. “Okay, now that we have the attention of the elements, let’s do the actual calling of the elements. Dan, repeat after me: 

Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
Let me use your power
And on my blood you shall feed 


He did (he looked slightly uncertain about the last line, though) and then we all recited the element calling from our memory. Alice still looked bored and annoyed, but at least now we were going on to the interesting stuff. 
“Okay, anyone got a knife?” I asked, and Alice flicked her wrist.
A glass cup smashed across the room, and a sharp shard of glass from the cup flew through the air, and the force field dematerialised for just a moment, letting the glass through. 
Alice held it carefully, making sure not to cut herself. She handed it me and I slashed across my palm, trying not to think about the pain. 
I handed it Dan, who did the same, and then Alice did it, and finally, Matt cut open his own palm. He didn’t even wince, and that was probably because he was already in so much pain. 
Matt just dropped the glass to the floor. 
We all shook each others hands, mixing our blood in each other’s systems. We formed a square, and then I said, “It’s done.”

Chapter Twenty-Five
Matt

Power rushed through me, and I stared at each of them, disbelieving that it had actually worked. It couldn’t have, right? 
But I was feeling better…
“Was that it?” Dan asked, looking fairly disappointed by the whole ordeal. “I thought there would be a big explosion or something.”
“An explosion?” I laughed, and a broad smile spread on Dan’s face.
“Hey, it worked,” Dan said. “You’re you again.”
“I guess I am,” I said. “But this isn’t a solution. I’m still dying.”
“Don’t dampen the mood, Dude,” Dan said. “Does this mean I’m like an honorary witch?”
“I guess so,” Adara said. “I don’t know how this works. But all I can say now is that The Old Ones better break through soon, or we’re not gonna stand a chance.”
And that’s when they finally did. 
The room shook and I staggered into the wall. Alice flailed and grabbed onto my arm to stop from falling, and Adara and Dan clung to each other. 
A very blonde woman stared at the roof as plaster crumbled and fell, and a dark look passed over her face. Four figures slowly materialised in the centre of the room, and all of the witches surrounding us immediately took on defensive stances, pulling their wands out. 
“Oh, no,” Adara and Dan whispered in unison. 
“We are totally and utterly screwed,” Alice said as we got our first real glimpse of The Old Ones. 
The four women radiated power, and they were all beautiful in their own, unique way. They looked exotic and mysterious, ancient and young at the same time. 
We couldn’t win this.
I had spent so long thinking positive, thinking that we actually had a chance at saving the entire mortal population, but we really don’t have a chance at all. We were just kids, young, inexperienced kids, and these four people were goddesses. 
No, I thought furiously. 
The Old Ones weren’t all-powerful, and they certainly weren’t goddesses. They were just witches, and that’s why we’re all here. Because they tried, and failed, to make themselves immortal.
If they’re not immortal, they can die. 
“Give us The Saviours,” the leader, Athena, said. 
Her voice was throaty and she spoke with the confidence of a, uh, confident person. Yeah, I’m kind of panicked right now, so don’t expect literature greatness. 
“The Saviours? We don’t know who The Saviours are!” A woman with platinum blonde hair yelled at them, her wand trained on the leader. 
Artemis was a serious-looking woman, and (seeming very bored) she slowly raised her hand and pointed at me and Alice. 
“Them? Are you being serious?” 
“Yes. Now give them to us, and we will leave without harming your little community,” Hecate said. 
“Please,” added Rhea, the one member of The Old Ones which I considered the least evil. 
“I can’t; they’ve got a force field up.”
“Oh, can’t the great Natasha Bishop get through a force field made by a child? I’m very disappointed in you, Bish,” Athena said. 
Rhea, Artemis and Hecate each turned to face our little bubble of protection. 
“Damn,” Alice said as they pointed their wands at us. She called out to them, managing to plant a smile on her face. “What do you want with us?”
“We want you to take us home and then we want to kill you,” Athena said truthfully. 
“How are we supposed to do that?” Adara said. “You’ve been here years, and we’re just kids. You, my friends, are lacking logic.”
Dan stared at his girlfriend as if she had just sprouted a third arm, which would have been very freaky and probably painful. 
“I am not your friend,” Artemis said. “And you are old enough to be with-child, so why do you consider yourself a child?” 
Damn, Artemis and Rhea had been the nice ones. I guess the years of being stuck in Judgment had seriously messed with their heads. Not that they weren’t seriously messed up anyway. 
Artemis continued, not letting Adara answer. “And do not play dumb. We saw you take Raven and Claire back to the land of the living. You can do the same for us.”
“Uh, well, it appears we’re stuck, so you four hags will just have to stay in Judgment.”
“You insolent child!” Athena shrieked, marching up to the protective bubble. “We were the ones stopping you from returning to your own world. And by making yourself a coven, you have just made my life so much easier.” She said it so full of menace that a shiver went down my spine. 
“Huh? How?” Alice asked. 
“You’re all bound to each other, and you are also bound to Judgment. Your blood is on the floor. It is soaking into the earth as we speak.”
“Oh, God,” Adara whispered, realisation in her eyes. 
“What?” I asked in a frantic whisper. 
“They’re going to stop whatever they’re doing to us that makes us stay here. Because our blood is here, because it’s in the ground now, we’re connected to Judgment–”
I interrupted, dread filling me. “When we go back, we’re going to bring Judgment back with us.”

Chapter Twenty-Six
Alice

“Damn,” I said again.  
“My sentiment exactly,” Dan said. And then he burst out in a wide grin, and I just sighed. 
He was happy about the fact he had used the word sentiment in a real sentence. God, that boy wasn’t right in the head. 
The Old Ones formed a square-circle-type-thing, much like we had done only a few minutes ago. They linked arms and closed their eyes, humming softly. 
I began to feel weightless, and then there was that sensation of falling. I raked my hands against the wall in a fruitless effort to keep on my feet. Slowly, I slid to the ground, and, just like someone blew out the candle of my life, there was nothing.

My eyes flickered open, and I groaned. The harsh lighting of the flat stung my eyes and made them water.  
I immediately focused on the massive congregation of witches in the room. Every witch from Judgment was in this one room, and they didn’t look happy. That was probably because The Old Ones were also in the room, stood not even a metre away from me.
Matt struggled to his feet, and Dan helped Adara to hers. Everyone’s gaze was locked onto The Old Ones. 
“We won’t kill you know,” Athena said to us, striding over to me, standing so close now I could feel the power radiating off her. 
But I had my own power too. 
She continued, still looking me straight in the eyes. She reached up and touched my cheek, as if she was caressing it. “It would be a shame to kill such potential. We will give you a week to prepare, and if you turn up to the final battle, you die. If you don’t bother trying to fight then we will let you all live.”
Adara’s voice cracked as she asked, “Where?”
“You know where. The beach.” 
And then The Old Ones slowly disappeared, one by one. 
Bishop, the woman with the platinum blonde hair and fierce eyes, trained those very eyes on us. She was fuming. 
“You have unleashed hell on earth,” Bishop told us. 
“Well, shit happens,” Raven said, and Bishop shot a glare at him. 
“You have to be more serious than this, Raven,” Bishop snapped at him. “Now, everyone from Judgment, we’re leaving. If you want to stay and help these children to achieve the unachievable, be my guest, but the rest of us are getting out of here.”
Bishop walked out of the door, followed by thirty or so witches from the Judgment, even the ones that weren’t part of her group. 
Only Jackie and Mickey remained. I noted that his best friend, Liam, was gone. Well, it just shows that Mickey had balls, unlike Liam. 
Francis and the rest of the group just stared, unable to utter a word. 
“Uh, we’re back?” Dan said, hoping that was the right thing to say at this moment in time. 
It wasn’t. 

Everyone congregated in the living room, sitting in a circle on both the furniture and the floor. Adara sat on Dan’s lap on the sofa, snuggled deep into him. 
I sat on the floor, leaning back on my elbows. Francis and Holly also had the sofa, since Holly was pregnant, just like Adara. 
Yet I was injured and Matt was dying, and we didn’t get a seat. Oh, the logic. 
“Sooo,” Francis said, drawing the word out so he got everyone’s attention. “We’re screwed.”
“Thanks for reminding me,” I said sarcastically, laughing. 
“Be serious, Alice,” Claire ordered, looking very serious herself. 
“We’re all going to die in a week,” I said. “Why can’t I have fun before then?”
“Because fun gets out of hand, and you don’t know if we’re going to die or not,” Claire responded. 
“We are.”
“Wow, you’re all a barrel of laughs,” Raven commented, and was promptly interrupted by Adara, who was messing around with her phone. 
“Melody’s had the baby!” she squealed, and everyone started talking at once, for some bizarre reason. Just that little piece of information was a catalyst for everyone to get verbal diarrhoea.    
“Everyone, shush. I’m going to go see her, and you lot should just sit tight and create battle plans or whatever people do before big battles.” 
“I don’t want to make battle plans,” Sally whined, raking her hands through her short pink hair in frustration. “If we only have a week left, I want to live life to the fullest. I’m sorry, but I don’t want to stay here planning our unfortunate and tragic deaths. I’d prefer to go to Spain, or Italy.”
“I’m in on that,” I said, and Matt nodded in agreement. 
“You lot teleport home and get some stuff then. Alice, if you can salvage any of my clothes get them for me. Dan and I will come too.”
“Just meet the baby quickly. We don’t want to stick around forever,” Sally said. 
“Are you all seriously going on holiday?” Mickey asked with his mouth agape. 
“Yep. Anyone who wants to come can come. I’m sure we can magic up some money to pay for a fancy hotel in Spain.”
Nodding my head, I said, “I can magic up some money. If you want to go, go get your stuff.”
“I think we’ll pass. We need to go back home to Dad. He’ll be worrying,” Francis said, and Gemma said so as well.
Anyway, she was probably a tad young to go out drinking and things. Heck, I’m too young, but who cares anymore? I’m going to die anyway. 
Adara smiled in understanding and asked Sally to teleport her over to the hospital. Once Sally had arrived back Adara-less, we all teleported over to our house. 
Dan broke off from the group, saying, “I need to go to my house. My mum will be worried, and I need clothes and stuff.”
“Go,” Matt said to him. “We won’t leave without you.”
And then the rest of us (apart from those who stayed in Sean’s dingy little flat) went to prepare for our impromptu holiday to Spain. 

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Dan
I said hello to Anthony as I walked through the door, and I imagined him in paradise, smiling down at me, proud of what I have achieved, proud that I would die fighting, just like him. 
My mother was out at work, getting back to her normal life after her extended holiday. I still couldn’t believe that she didn’t notice that the person with her wasn’t me. 
“Just you and me, Anthony,” I said, rummaging around on top of my wardrobe until I found the old backpack. 
I stuffed it full of clothes appropriate for Spain, and then I remembered to pack sun scream. Turns out, we were all out of sun cream. 
Well, of course we were out of sun cream; it was still cold out, without even a little sunshine. 
I’ll just have to go to the shop then. 
I locked the door behind me and put the backpack on my bag, not bothering to only use one strap, because I really didn’t understand it. If there were two straps to be used, then why only use one? 
The street was practically deserted as I walked down it, and I liked it that way. 
It just felt weird walking with normal people, because I knew I wasn’t like them anymore. Yes, I was still mortal, but I knew. I knew about the secret world hidden under our own. My girlfriend was a witch, and my best friend was a warlock. I was part of a witch coven, and I had scoured the country tracking down magical items just a few weeks ago. And, in a week, I would be facing the most dangerous coven of witches ever. 
And you know what? 
I wouldn’t have traded it for anything. 
Humming something to myself, I walked with a spring in my step. If we all survived, then I would be a dad in about eight months. 
Adara and I would be parents, and soon I would be a proper adult. I’d get a job and a house, and Adara and I’d marry with all of our loved ones around us, and every night I’d tell her just how much I love her…
I was jolted from my pleasant musings when I tripped over the curb. Some people stared at me as if they’ve never seen an idiot fall over the pavement before. 
I neatened my shirt, as if it would help. It was stained with some of my blood, since my hand was cut open and oozing blood.
Oh, I better get bandages as well. 
The refrigerated shelving units hummed quietly when I walked into the shop. The bell rang overhead, announcing that to everyone in the shop the arrival of a new customer, that new customer being me.
I grabbed a bottle of suntan lotion, imagining the feel of rubbing it into Adara’s back as we lay on a beach in Spain, acting as if we didn’t have a care in the world…
Damn, I fazed out again. 
Something caught my attention and I froze in front of the baby section. There were all sorts of things: bottles; nappies; formula; pregnancy tests and even ultra cheap toys and cribs. 
I smiled and picked up a toy; it was for kids, not babies, but I found it cute. It was a toy wand, one of those cheap plastic kinds. 
I aimed it at the wall and did little hand movements with it, much like I’d seen some witches do. 
Wouldn’t it be amazing if I could zap the wall with a toy wand? Or a real wand for that matter. 
Although…
I could siphon energy (meaning magic and other things) from the rest of the coven. Maybe I actually could perform a little magic of my own. 
“Daniel?” a voice asked, and I whirled around to see Mrs Paige stood in the aisle, an amused look on her face. 
“Oh, uh, hi, Mrs Paige,” I stammered, holding the play-wand behind my back. God, I looked like an idiot. 
“How are you? You’ve not been to class in a while.” She actually looked concerned for me. 
“I’m fine,” I replied, not even trying to stop the awkwardness from commencing. If I had seen her earlier, I would have hidden, like I usually do when I see a teacher anywhere outside of school. “Everything’s fine.”
“Matthew’s not been in a while, either,” she said, prying a little bit more. 
“Well, he is pretty ill. He’s been spending most of the time he’s been off sleeping.” Technically not a lie there. That’s good enough for me. 
“Poor boy. First his mother and Claire, then Kayla’s illness, and now him. That is a very unfortunate family.”
“Damn right,” I said, and then my eyes widened at what I just said to my teacher. 
Luckily, another voice broke into the conversation before she said anything about my use of the word ‘damn’. 
“Oh, the little mortal is in here,” a voice interjected, and I turned and saw a woman with fiery red hair, and everything in me froze. 
I had never seen her before in person, much like she had never seen me before, but I knew, I just knew, that this woman was Bethany Connor. 
“Oh, you recognise me,” Bethany said. “Have we ever met? I don’t think we have, little mortal. Anyway, I know who you are as well. You’re Daniel Norris, the mortal mixed in with The Saviours.” Bethany looked around, her lip curling in disdain. “I would have thought you were too high and mighty to go to a shop like this.”
“I would have said the same thing about you, Bethany,” I replied, wishing Mrs Paige would leave quickly. “Just leave me alone.”
“But how can I do that?” Bethany asked, stepping in really close to me. “You’re too mixed up in everything, and The Old Ones have told us about the new coven you have formed with Matthew and Alice. They didn’t know who the other girl was, though. Although, they did mention her attitude. Now, I’ve figured it out. I know who this mystery girl is.”
I swallowed nervously as Bethany said, “It’s Sally, isn’t it?”

Chapter Twenty-Eight
Adara

 Melody was cradling her baby when I walked in. 
“What is it?” I questioned, looking down at the baby’s big, green eyes. 
Melody scowled at me. “He isn’t an it, Adara. Would you call your own children it’s?” 
I shrugged. “Thanks for the welcome back, as well. Are none of you even going to ask me what happened in my travels to Judgment?”
“What happened?” Penelope asked, looking at me with eyes that had dark rings under them. Her sunglasses were on top of her head, ready to be pulled over her eyes in case a normal person walked in. 
“The Old Ones are back, and I got the crap beaten out of me, yet again,” I said, wincing slightly. 
“The Old Ones are back?” Adele echoed with wide, shocked eyes. She paled. 
“Yep. I saw them myself. It’s fine, though; they’re giving us a week to decide whether we want to fight them or not. So it’s basically comply or die.”
“I think I’ll be ready to fight in a week,” Melody said. “I can just give him to Sabine to look after.”
“And if you die?”
“Then she’ll just have to look after a banshee child. It’s not like he’s going to scream; he’s a boy, they don’t do that.”
“What’s his name?” I asked, looking down at the baby, my eyebrows raised. It was weird to know that this tiny, little baby was a banshee. 
“I haven’t decided yet,” Mel said, staring down at the child. “I want Sabine to help, and she’s not arrived yet.” 
“Is she ever going to arrive, though? You know she’s freaked out by our world,” I said. “Maybe she isn’t coming.”
“How dare you? Of course I’d come to see my kid,” Sabine said from behind me, and I groaned inwardly, already turning to face the annoying mortal. 
“Hey, it’s you,” I said cheerily. “Thank The Citadel you’re here.”
She gave me a questioning look, heading over to her ex-girlfriend. Melody held up the baby as if it was a prize, making sure she had support of the head. 
Sabine gingerly took the baby, cooing over the tiny bundle of joy. I leaned against the wall, and the bruises all over my body burned in agony. 
I bit my lip and gently placed my hand over my stomach. That tiny little pressure sent sharp needles of pain into my body, and I made an involuntary squeak.
Adele looked at me in concern, and I gave her a reassuring smile. “I’m fine, Adele.”
“You don’t look like you’re okay,” Adele said, rising out of her seat and striding over to me. 
Her big, red eyes glowed, making her look slightly evil. Well, she looked slightly evil anyway, not just because of the glowing eyes. 
“Lift your top,” Adele ordered, and I arched my eyebrow at her. 
“What are you on about? I’m not stripping in front of people.”
“Lift your top or I will lift it for you.” 
I groaned and slowly lifted my shirt, revealing the array of bruises marring my skin. Adele’s eyes widened and she tentatively touched the skin, making tears spring in my eyes.
“What happened?” Adele asked as I tugged my shirt down. 
“Judgment happened,” I replied. “It hurt a lot more before, but now I can siphon energy and strength from the rest of my coven. I’ll be fine, Adele.”
“You’re in a coven?” 
“Yeah. Matt, Alice, Dan and I made a coven. Very impromptu, but it needed to happen,” I responded, sitting down on the edge of the bed, not caring whether it was hospital regulation or not. 
“Oh, Adara!” Adele said, groaning and rubbing her hand down her face in irritation. “Why? You shouldn’t rush into things like that!”
“I did it to save Matt!” I shouted at her, and Sabine gave me a dirty look. 
“Be quiet around the baby,” Sabine hissed at me. 
Damn, that woman really didn’t like me. 
“It’s not like he’s going to start crying; he’s a banshee,” I said. 
“What? Banshees don’t cry?” 
“Not when they’re babies. You really need to brush up on your banshee information, Sabine.”
“Will you please leave?” Sabine said, glaring at me as if I had done something wrong. 
“I don’t want to leave,” I said. “But I guess I’ll have to. People are waiting for me back at Sean’s flat. Some of them are from Judgment, and I really don’t know what to do with them. I need your help, Adele.”
“No, you need to rest, Adara,” Adele told me. “You’re trying to do too much, and it’s going to kill you.”
“The Old Ones are going to kill me!” I yelled back at her, causing Sabine to glare at me again. “And these people from Judgment are going to mess everything up. You know all of the mental people from Judgment now know where poor Sean-the-lycanthrope lives? Even if we survive, he’s going to have to move, and we’re all going to have to live in fear of the Dark Witches, wanting their revenge for The Old Ones not succeeding.”
“Adara, deal with them later. Right now, you need to rest. You’re already putting your body under tremendous strain.”
“I’m going to rest when I get to Spain,” I told my sister. “Now, if you want to come, come. If you don’t, don’t. It’s your decision.”
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Matt

It felt weird going back into my own home. 
I had spent so long in either Dan or Alice’s house that my own home felt kind of alien to me. 
Ursula barely glanced up from her book when I walked in. It was strange, since she kind of considered me to have more authority than her, even though she was my step mother. 
I nodded in acknowledgment to her and walked into the kitchen. I spotted Kayla, my twin, at the kitchen table and I hurried over. 
“How are you doing, Kay?” I asked. It seemed like I hadn’t spoken to her in years. 
“Fine,” she responded, and a squirt of insulin hit me in the arm. 
“Be careful with that thing!” I warned, eyeing the needle. 
“I’m always careful,” Kayla replied, tugging her shirt up to expose her stomach. I watched as the needle went in, and a pang of worry passed through me. Once I’m dead and buried, she’ll have to remember to do all of that, and God knows she struggles keeping it under control anyway.  
“Maybe you should get a pump,” I recommended. 
“Nah. I can’t be bothered with it.” Kayla packed away her injections and blood monitor, and then she was gone, without even saying goodbye. 
You’d think that my family would want to spend more time with me, now that I’m dying. But alas, my family still act as if I’ll be around forever. 
I headed up the stairs, wishing that Harvey wouldn’t be in our room. Ah, why do my wishes never come true? 
Harvey looked up at me as I entered, and his eyes widened in shock. 
“What? Not expecting me back?” I queried, getting on my hands and knees. 
The pain was less than it was before, but it still hurt. I ignored it and rummaged around; I was trying to find a rucksack to put my holiday clothes in. 
I wanted it to be a magic-free holiday, so I packed enough so I wouldn’t have to teleport back to get more clothes. It kind of defeated the point of getting away, if I could teleport back at any moment. 
“Dude, I’m sorry about the whole Alice thing,” Harvey eventually said as I struggled, trying to reach the rucksack that seemed just out of my reach. 
In a sudden burst of energy I grabbed the edge of the rucksack, tugging it free of whatever it was that had the vice-like grasp on it. 
I sat up and stared at Harvey, having to refrain from using my magic to give him a serious ass-kicking. 
“Harvey, just be quiet. I can’t handle you right now.”
“I just want to say I’m sorry.”
“You’ve already told me how sorry you are. I guess I’m going to have to forgive and forget, because, no matter what, I’m your brother. And I also don’t want to die angry with you, and I don’t want you to die feeling guilty.”
“What are you talking about? I’m not dying anytime soon.”
I rifled through my drawers, packing anything I thought would be of use. 
Once I was finished, I sprinted down the stairs, mainly because I couldn’t stay in the room with him much longer. 
And because we both knew I was lying. 
I didn’t forgive him, and I probably never would. 

Chapter Thirty
Alice

Matt came round to my house, holding his rucksack as if I was supposed to be impressed that he had managed to pack clothes. 
“Hey, make yourself at home. I haven’t finished yet, and Dan’s not returned.” Matt sat down in the living room, looking uncomfortable. 
“In fact, don’t just sit there and take up space. Pack Adara some clothes.” I threw a massive handbag at him and he nodded, disappearing into Adara’s blackened room, created by yours truly. 
I went back into my own room, packing my things. I didn’t have many dresses to wear, but all of the ones that I owned went into my bag. 
I dumped my makeup in it, and then I scoured the house for my shoes. I usually wore boots or trainers, so finding a pair of flats or sandals was hard work. 
I heard Matt humming to himself in Adara’s room, and I tiptoed to the door, watching him as he danced around the room, throwing undamaged items into the handbag. 
I stifled a laugh as he sang, noting that he was actually a pretty good singer. Matt whirled around, and our eyes locked. 
I realised that I missed him. 
It sounded silly, missing someone who hasn’t even left yet, but I definitely missed him. I missed being his girlfriend. 
Was that care? 
Were my emotions coming back? 
I didn’t really care anymore. Everyone else can just go to hell, including my family. All that mattered was Matt, the person I had managed to hurt the most. 
It’s funny. Even when I rid myself of stupid, child like emotions, Matt still managed to crawl his way back to my heart. 
Without warning I launched myself at Matt. My lips pressed against his, and he made a startled sort of sound, as if he was shocked at my sudden outburst of passion. 
I snaked my legs behind his waist, and Matt laid me down gently on the bed, breathing heavily. “No, Alice. I can’t be with you.”
And with that he walked out of the room. 
I wiped tears from my eyes and just stared at the doorway, a feeling of longing passing through me like a tidal wave. 

Chapter Thirty-One
Dan

“It’s Sally, isn’t it?” Bethany asked, and I couldn’t stop the laugh that escaped my lips. 
Mrs Paige stared at Bethany and I as if we were from a different world, well, we might have well have been. She looked exceedingly uncomfortable with the whole horrid business. 
“Of course it isn’t Sally!” I said to her. “Sally’s…Sally. No, it isn’t her.”
“Who is it then?” Her brows knitted together in confusion. “Holly? Adele?”
“Why would I tell you?” I asked. “I’m not stupid, Bethany. I know lots of fun facts: bananas are a good source of potassium.”
She stared at me, confused. 
That was the plan. 
I threw the wand at her and grabbed Mrs Paige’s wrist, sprinting out of the shop. I heard Bethany curse, and I knew she would be right behind us. 
I closed my eyes and decided to siphon some magic. I willed myself to appear in Alice’s house. 
Mrs Paige was trying to pull away from me now, but I wouldn’t let go. I couldn’t leave her alone with a psychotic witch. 
For just a moment, I felt weightless. 
And then I was smashing into one of the walls in Mr Connor’s living room. Mrs Paige let go of my hand and fell onto the sofa, but my landing was not as graceful. 
I fell into the wall, and I knocked a lamp of a little side table. I slumped down onto the floor, my eyes wide, all of the air rushing out of my room. 
Sally bounded down the stairs, sighing when she caught sight of me. And then she saw Mrs Paige. Obviously, Sally froze like she was made of ice. 
“Bethany turned up at the shop,” I told her, rubbing my head. “And I just performed my first teleportation. Are you proud of me?”
“No. You brought back a teacher.”
“Yes, I did,” I said, nodding in agreement. 
“Well done, Danny,” Sally said, inspecting Mrs Paige, who stared at her with big, terrified eyes. “Why did you bring her back here?”
“Uh…” 
“Well done,” she repeated, and then she went to the stairs and called up. “Matt, Alice! Get down here now!” 
A minute later and Matt and Alice were bounding down the stairs, and I sensed a tension between them. Well, more tension than usual.
“Mrs Paige?” Matt asked, looking totally and utterly stunned by the appearance of the teacher. 
“Matt?” Mrs Paige retorted. “You’re…you’re looking well.”
Wow, she was an amazing liar. 
Matt looked like crap. He had lost weight, due to being in the coma, plus the cancer. Big, dark looking bags hung under his eyes, and he basically looked like death, not even slightly warmed up. 
“I look like hell,” Matt said. “You don’t have to lie to me. What you do have to do is tell me why you’re in this house.”
“Dan…Dan brought me here. I was in the shop…”
I beamed at them. “I did my first solo teleportation!”
“Great, Dan. Just super. But the fact you’ve brought a mortal into this house using teleportation kind of shadows the fact that you’ve figured out how to tap into our magic,” Alice told me, looking pretty annoyed by the entire ordeal. “Yeah, our magic, not yours. You do not have any claim to the power we wield.”
“You gave me the right for your magic when we formed a coven!” I shouted at her, wishing Mrs Paige wasn’t here to witness the clash of opinions between Alice and me. 
“What is going on?” Mrs Paige said. “Dan, if this is some sort of joke…”
“No joke,” I responded, putting on my best deadly serious face. “Magic is real, and we’re all wrapped up in it. That woman in the shop was an evil witch that wants to kill me; in fact, she wants to kill all of us, including you.”
“Why me?”
“Because she wants to kill everyone. Actually, she wants to kill us the most.”
“Hey, she didn’t kill me,” Alice said. “She had the chance to.”
“Alice, she was afraid of you, even in your unconscious state,” Sally told Alice. “Apparently, you’re really dangerous.”
“Can we all please get back on track?” Matt asked them, shaking his head in disappointment as if he’s never lost the track of a conversation before. “We need to figure out what to do with Mrs Paige.”
“I am here,” Mrs Paige said in a snappy voice. 
“We know you are, that’s the problem,” Alice snapped back. “Do we just do a mind wipe on her?”
“No,” I said quickly. “She’s a person. Taking away someone’s memories isn’t a good thing to do, and we’re supposed to be the good guys.”
“Good guys?” barked Alice. “Have you met us? We’re more messed up than half of the baddies put together.”
“That may be true, but we shouldn’t decide who gets to remember things and who doesn’t. You lot never made me forget, so why make her?”
“You’re more involved, Dan,” Matt said, sighing. 
“Not then,” I replied. “Back then I was just a mortal boy that could have easily been left out of this. You didn’t have to include me, but you did.”
“Well, The Citadel kind of took that decision out of our hands,” Alice told me with a scowl. 
“But the people with the strongest wills can change the future. They can go against The Citadel.”
“And what about us makes you think we’ve got strong wills? Have you met us? We’re a pathetic bunch of losers and idiots.”
“Thanks for the confidence boost, sis,” Sally told Alice, and Alice’s eyes narrowed at her. 
Today, Sally wore an outfit she described as ‘Cyber Goth’. Basically, she wore her usual black colours but with neon gloves and a neon see-through tutu thing. She had her usual face piercings in, and she looked particularly annoyed with this entire situation. 
“We’ve gone off topic again,” Matt interjected, and everyone commenced arguing again. Mrs Paige was stuck in the middle of this entire argument, which sometimes turned into a fight when someone let loose a zap of energy to make sure their point got across. 
“Fine, just do the damn mind wipe,” I said eventually after being zapped in the butt by a particularly menacing looking Alice.  
Once Mrs Paige was sent home, not remembering anything at all, we all converged in the living room. Matt had two bags (one for him and one for Adara) so he found it hard to keep hold of both of them as we linked arms.
“Woohoo, off to Spain we go!” Alice yelled as we teleported. 


Chapter Thirty-Two
Adara
Three Days Later

Ah, Spain. 
I soaked in the sun as Dan fulfilled his perverted little fantasy of rubbing suntan lotion into my back. He was sat on me, which, as you can guess, wasn’t a very comfortable position. 
Sean-the-lycanthrope stared at us with an eyebrow raised as I read my book and Dan rubbed my back. He had his own book, but it didn’t look like he was reading it at all. He was mostly staring at Penelope like an idiot as she got into the pool, dressed in a very small bikini. 
Adele had stayed behind with Melody and the baby, which still had no name. But Penelope had come, and at least she didn’t look out of place; loads of people wore sunglasses in Spain. 
“Just ask her out,” I told Sean, who jumped a little at the sound of my voice. 
“No. Adara, she wouldn’t want to go out with someone like me; I’m a lycanthrope, a loser.”
“And she’s a gorgon,” I responded, watching the said gorgon do laps of the pool. “I bet you two would hit it off.”
“She doesn’t even know I’m alive.”
“Sure she does. You’re just overreacting.” I craned my neck and looked over at Dan. “Are you quite finished? I don’t think I’m going to burn now, Dan.”
Reluctantly, Dan sat back down next to me, a frown on his face. Matt awoke from his slumber on a sun-lounger, looking disorientated for a moment. And then he remembered where he was, and a smile spread on his face and he relaxed again. 
Mickey and Jackie were near us, lying side by side on two separate sun-loungers. Raven and Sally were at the bar; sweet-talking the barmaids into letting us lot have alcohol. They had quickly ascertained that one was straight and one was gay, so it was up to both of them to get the booze. I, myself, wasn’t going to drink anything. 
Claire was also in the pool, relishing the feeling of being fully and truly alive, if only for a short while. I sat up, grimacing at the feeling of my sticky back, but I didn’t care; I had fulfilled one of Dan’s dreams. 
Oh, and Alice was off having adventures somewhere. 
“I’m not even that interested,” Sean said, his gaze falling on Penelope’s lean body again. “She just looks pretty hot.”
“So does Jackie, Alice,” I said, listing the names, “Claire, Sally, and heck, even me. You’re attracted to Penelope, not any of us. Go get her, Tiger.”
“Don’t you mean Wolf?” Sean asked with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. He got up and walked over to the poolside, talking to Penelope. I couldn’t hear him, but I saw that he made Penelope laugh, always a good sign. Unless, of course, she was laughing at him. In which case that was bad. Very bad. 
“Give them privacy,” Matt said to me, putting his sunglasses on and sipping his drink. 
He was still thin, too thin. Matt siphoning energy from the rest of us was only a temporary solution to the whole terminal cancer thing, and he needed to get in touch with the witch healers soon. The healers wouldn’t save his life, but they would be able to prolong it, which is better than dying practically right after saving the world.
Although, we might not save the world. Happy thoughts, Adara. Think happy thoughts. 
“I am. It’s not like I can hear what they’re saying,” I said, digging around in my handbag until I found my camera. 
I took a few pictures of Sean and Penelope laughing with each other, and then I took at picture of Claire, who seemed to be in her element in the water. 
“Matt, Dan, huddle in together,” I ordered, holding up the camera. 
They did as I asked, pulling strange faces as they did so. I frowned at them and took the picture anyway. God, these photos will look so weird. 
Matt then proceeded to snatch the camera off of me. “You and Dan should kiss. That’d make a good pic.”
I arched a brow at him and pulled Dan into a smouldering kiss. Matt took a few photos and Dan and I pulled apart. 
“Hmm,” Dan said, licking his lips. “Cherry flavoured.”
“You do realise I have no lip gloss on, don’t you?” I asked in confusion. 
He shrugged. “It must be your natural flavour.” 
“I naturally taste of cherries? So I’m edible?”
Dan smiled a secretive smile. “We’ll see.”
“Whoa,” Matt said, holding his hands up in as a STOP signal. “There are children present at this place.”
“What children? Sally?”
“Me,” replied Matt, smiling. “All of us are children, except for Mickey and Jackie and Penelope. Wait, so not all of us then.”
“Well, that logic failed,” I told him, and he nodded in agreement. 
“The point is that some of us are kids. Not all of us, some of us.”
“This conversation is hurting my brain,” announced Dan, getting to his feet slowly, as if the action caused him pain in some way. “I’m getting a drink; it looks like Sally and Raven aren’t having any luck with those barmaids.”
“And you will?” I felt a pang of jealousy, so quickly I almost thought it was nothing. Nope, if one of those barmaids even looked at Dan, I know I’m going to have to rip her eyes out. 
“No. Of course not. I’m going to go and get a Coke. Not alcohol. You want anything, Witch-Girl?”
“No, Mortal-Boy,” I replied, keeping my eye on his as he strutted to the bar, already having a conversation with Sally and Raven. 
Even with Matt sat right there, I felt so very lonely once Dan was gone. 

Chapter Thirty-Three
Matt

I found Alice inside at the pool table, playing against a bunch of teenagers on holiday with their parents. She was playing for money, which was a tad unfair as she was using magic to help her win. 
“Give them their money back,” I told her, and she glared at me, missing her next shot. 
“You’re just a spoil sport, Mattie,” Alice said, leaning against the table. “Why can’t I have a little fun?”
“You can have fun with the rest of us. At least we all know who and what you really are,” I said to her. “We’re your family, Alice. I think your last week should be spent with us, not with these idiots.”
“Wow, you’re dying?” one of the said idiots asked Alice in a southern American drawl.
“No,” Alice said quickly. “He is.” She pointed at me with a long, pointed fingernail. “Although, I’m probably going to die in under a week. And if I’m dead, you’re dead. Lose, lose for everyone, right?”
“British chicks are a whole lot of crazy,” one of the teenagers said to Alice, and I couldn’t help but nod in agreement. 
“So, want to get back to playing?” Alice asked the American boys. 
“Alice, no, you can’t,” I told her. “It’s wrong.”
“You want to play with me? I’ll give you half the money.”
I thought about it and let myself grin. “Yeah, totally. I’ll give it to Kayla, as an early birthday present.” 
“Money as a present? I don’t even give my siblings presents.”
“Yeah, but there are loads of them,” I said. “And Kayla and I are twins; I have to get her a present. It’s the twin-code.”
“There is no twin code,” Alice said as she took another shot, bending over the table and showing off her cleavage. “And I don’t get Adara any presents. Just knowing me is enough of a gift.”
“You’re so modest.” She handed me a cue and I took a shot, channelling my magic down the cue. “What colour are we?” Probably should have asked that question beforehand. 
Alice glared at me. “Red.”
I nodded. I had potted a red one anyway. Good thing I shot for the red ones because they were prettier than the yellow ones. 
Alice shook her head at me and shot for another red. Yet again, she potted it. I could taste the faint metallic taste, a warning that magic was around. But that taste was practically nonexistent now; I had gotten used to it. 
“You two are really good at this,” one of the other Americans said, staring at us in awe. 
“Of course they’re good at it,” someone said and I turned at see Adara there, her arms crossed over her chest and a disapproving frown on her face. “Is this really smart?”
“I don’t do a lot of smart things,” I announced. “But who cares? You only live once, right? That’s what all those idiots say nowadays.”
“YOLO,” Adara said with a scowl. “And don’t even get me started on swag.”
“You have that over in Britain?” an American I’ve decided is called Brick said. Brick was one of those stupid, American names.
Alice nodded. “Sadly, we do. I feel as if it’s my duty to murder all of the people who say that crap.”
“Let me join in,” Adara said with a small smile. 
“And me,” Raven said, appearing at Adara’s side with a martini in his hand. He had battled for that martini. “I always like an excuse to murder people.”
“Wow, dude, you just like appeared out of thin air!” Brick said with wide eyes. 
“I’m a magician,” Raven replied. “The Fantastic Fredrick!”
Alice arched her eyebrow at her apparently brain-damaged brother. Well, you can’t pick your family, can you? 
If I could, I wouldn’t have Harvey as my ridiculous step-brother, who I unconditionally have to like. And if I could, I would get rid of Kayla’s ridiculous illness. And then I’d make my ridiculous Dad stronger, more able to cope, and then Ursula would be gone. Oh, and they’d let me have dog. 
I’d always wanted a dog, but my dad had never allowed it. 
“Cool trick, dude,” Brick said to Raven, who frowned at the word ‘trick’, but he didn’t murder anyone or anything because of it. 
“You finally got your precious alcohol?” Adara asked Raven.
She looked as if she envied him. Well, she probably did. He was able to drink his days away, whereas she was, well, going to have babies with my best mate. 
I didn’t understand why Adara and Dan had got together in the first place. It looked like it had happened by accident. Dan could have ended up with anyone. To be honest, I thought he would be more suited to someone like Sally. 
Adara was so hot she’d have men begging at her feet, but Dan…Dan was, well…Dan, I suppose. He was skinny, spotty, fairly unnoticeable, and he seemed to be trying to copy his brother in some way by always wearing the dog tags and army jacket. Adara could have had anyone, yet she chose him, the mortal boy with no significance to the grand scheme of things. It just seemed strange to me. 
Not that Dan wasn’t a great guy. He was, but he just didn’t seem like the kind of guy Adara would like. Although, I didn’t really know what Adara liked, did I? 
Adara and Raven sat back and watched as Alice and I kick-ass at pool, and for once everything seemed fine. 
That was, until our stupid parents dragged us back to the real world. 

Chapter Thirty-Four
Alice

We were all sat around, talking and drinking and having fun, when our parents used a spell to drag us all back. One minute we were in sunny Spain and the next we were in gloomy old England, stood in my living room, basically looking like right idiots, dressed up in our swimwear. 
It was raining outside. 
People don’t usually wear shorts and miniskirts when it’s raining. 
My mood plummeted and I glared at my parents, who were both sat on the sofa as if a bunch of oddly dressed kids hadn’t just appeared in their living room. 
“What?” I asked them. “We were having a good time!”
“You, Adara, Matthew and Daniel have a mathematics exam in one hour. You need to be there. After all, your education is still important.”
We all stared at my father, dumbfounded by his logic. In a week, we’d all probably be dead, and at that point we’ll be past caring about what score we got in a maths exam. 
“So, all of you get changed into normal clothes and get yourselves to school.”
“Uh,” Adara said. “I’m dead. And since when did Mum know about me?”
“I never said you were going to school as yourself. Your mother and I have decided that it would be best if you enrolled again, under a different name. I’m sure you have enough makeup to make yourself seem different,” Mr Connor said to her. “Your name is Ariana Connor, another niece of mine.” He smiled at my mother, their fingers intertwining. “And I cannot keep much from your mother for long.”
Adara nodded and we both hurried upstairs, fuming about the fact that we had to do a maths exam. Why on earth did people like us need maths? 
Half an hour later, everyone going to school was converged in the living room, their expressions ranging from nervous to downright pissed-off.  
Adara wore bright orange fake tan and she had put her hair up on the top of her head, like those annoying girls do at school. She also wore way too much makeup and even more slutty clothes than usual. 
“Wow, you do not look like my girlfriend,” Dan told her, and she kissed him, full on the lips. 
“This is only for a little while,” she promised. “I’m going to gradually wear less make up and be less orange, and by that time everyone will have forgotten what I looked like before I died.”
“Good,” Dan said. “You remind me too much of those girls at school who hate me.”
“Doesn’t every girl at school hate you?” I asked with a smile. 
He frowned at me. “I’ll have you know, I am very popular with the ladies. Just not with the popular ladies.”
“Am I not popular?” Adara asked him as we all joined hands. 
“Yeah, but you’re not like other girls. You’re a witch, for starters.”
“True,” Adara said, nodding, and then we all teleported. 
We appeared in the girls’ bathroom, and Matt and Dan’s eyes widened and they ran out of the room, running into a few girls walking in. 
They stared at Dan and Matt, and an awkward silence commenced. I covered my laugh with a cough, and the girls finally looked at Adara and me. 
They gave us knowing looks and turned and walked out of the bathroom without saying another word. We all looked at each other and burst out laughing, bellowing like fools. 
The exam was in ten minutes, so we all went to the store room, where we all dumped our bags and our electrical items. 
“Done any revision?” Adara asked me. 
I shook my head. “We’ll all be dead before we get the results back anyway. It doesn’t matter.”
We all had to get in alphabetical order in the lines, so I stood directly in front of Adara, and Matt stood directly in front of Dan. 
“Now, you all go in and sit down. No talking allowed!” Mrs Paige bellowed, and we all began walking. 
She didn’t remember a thing, which I supposed was good. We couldn’t have her blabbing about how Dan teleported her across town, could we?
I stared at her as we filed into sports hall, where our school held all of the major exams. She didn’t seem to notice that four students were gawking at her as if she was from another planet. 
Once we were sat down, I noted that Adara had a bright yellow laminated card with EXTRA TIME written on it. 
Adara was dyslexic. Whoever created that word must have been a really evil person, since I’d find it hard to spell dyslexic myself. Maybe it was the same person who created the word lisp. It was just plain mean. 
“You have one hour. Those with extra time have one hour and fifteen minutes. Begin now.”
I flipped to the first page and realised how totally and utterly screwed I was. It was something that I didn’t have the first clue about. 
A bubble of laughter escaped my lips and I tried and failed to stop my shoulders from shaking. One of the examiners marched toward me, making me laugh harder. 
Students were now turning and looking at us. I say us, because my laughter has now spread to Adara/Ariana. She snorted and tried to hide her giggles, but then we all broke down. 
Dan laughed so hard he slipped off his chair, which in turn finally made Matt snigger, which then turned into belly laughs. The examiners didn’t really know what to do with us. 
The other students thought it was hilarious, but the teachers did not. 
And then everyone’s laughter was cut off when something that seemed like a flash of lightning stunned us all into silence. Mist shrouded the front of the room, and when it cleared four people stood at the front. 
But they weren’t really there. They were holograms, but the magical kind. The four people focused their gazes on four people in particular. Guess who? 
There were two males and two females, making up the Elder Coven. They were all old and wrinkly, wearing ancient robes, and all of them were very, very powerful. 
“Alice Connor, Matthew Miller, Adara Connor, and Daniel Norris,” Elder Emmanuel boomed, and every pair of eyes in the room turned to look at us, the kids who had just burst into hysterics in the middle of an exam. “You four have been called to the Elder Coven, the Justice Council for all of the Light Witches. We demand your presence immediately.”
“What for?” I said, rising to my feet. 
“You need to prepare for the final battle,” Elder Persephone said in her own, gigantic voice. “But you also need to be judged. You created a coven without the proper paperwork or ceremony.”
“That was my fault,” Matt said, getting up as well. “You can’t judge the others for something that I did.”
“By judge, what do you mean?” Dan interjected. 
“We decide what your punishment will be,” Elder Rosita said. Elder Jonathon said nothing. 
“But is it going to be a painful punishment?” Dan persisted, striding up to the hologram. “Adara won’t be able to handle that.”
“We know all about your partner’s condition,” Elder Persephone said curtly. 
“Uh, how do you know I’m alive?” Adara asked. 
“We know a lot of things,” Elder Persephone said, and then she turned her attention back on Dan. “I assure you that she will be kept safe.”
“What about the rest of us?” Matt asked. “Will we be kept safe?”
“Of course you will!” snapped Elder Rosita. “We need you to save the world. We’re teleporting you over now.”

Chapter Thirty-Five
Dan

Alice, Matt, Adara and I appeared in a fancy room. And by fancy, I mean fan-cy! 
The floor was made of marble, and our shoes clicked on it as we neared the four golden thrones. The four crazy people who had just appeared before us in our maths exam sat on them, looking very regal and elegant. 
“Did you just expose an entire roomful of teenagers to magic?” Alice asked the four people, seemingly unconcerned about who they were. 
“When you get back, they will have all forgotten about our meeting,” one of them said. “And you will be able to get back to your exam without anyone ever noticing you were gone.”
“Great. So, what’s our punishment for illegally forming a coven?” Alice said. “Burned at the stake?”
“No. We will simply revoke your magic until the final battle. Once that begins, you have all of your powers back.”
“How on earth are we supposed to train without our magic?” Matt questioned in a panicky voice. 
“We were observing you! You weren’t training at all; you were on holiday!” another one said in a raised voice. She didn’t shout, but she was angry.
“We were going to train,” I said, then added, “eventually.”
“Well, now you can only train in mortal combat, not magical. You’re all now dismissed.”

Three days later, and we were all biting our fingernails in anticipation. School now seemed to be of no use, not that it seemed any other way before, and we were all on the edge of our seats, scared about what was to come.
“I’m scared,” Gemma said suddenly from the floor, her knees tucked up to her chest. 
We were all huddled around Matt’s TV, watching some B-rated horror movie. Adara was snuggled into me, her head resting on my shoulder, staring through the gaps between her fingers. 
Matt was on the floor too, his arm wrapped around Gemma in a comforting way. She buried her head into his chest, and I could see her shoulders shaking from tears. 
“You should be scared,” Sally said from her position on a foot stool. “It’s a horror movie.”
“I’m scared about tomorrow,” Gemma said. “What if we don’t win?”
“That’s not an option,” Matt said, and he stroked her now damp hair from her face. “It’ll be fine, Gem. You’ll see.”
She nodded and carried on watching the movie. 
The truth was that we were all scared. We just hid it better than Gemma did. 
Francis was so terrified that even his students were noticing it; he kept getting the answers to his own questions wrong or he just totally forgot the meanings of words, and he was an English teacher for Pete’s sake. 
Holly wasn’t much better. The other day, she broke down in tears in front of the entire class, sobbing and crying for what seemed like no reason at all. When she ran out of the classroom, Francis had run out after her, yelling at her to calm down. 
Yesterday, Sally had screamed at her teacher. Apparently, he had said something about her bad attitude affecting her future, and she had just lost it, screaming about how she didn’t even have a future anymore. 
As you can see, we’re all broken, and there is no way that we’ll ever be fixed again. 
Adara suddenly got to her feet, throwing the blanket we shared off of us. She ran into the kitchen and I could hear distinct sounds of throwing up. 
Every eye in the room turned to me as I slowly got to my feet, heading to the kitchen. Ursula was at the foot of the stairs, her eyes wide. 
“If she has made a mess in my kitchen…” Ursula began as I stepped into the kitchen. 
Adara was wiping her mouth with a tissue, looking very frazzled and shaken up. 
“I hate throwing up,” she said with tears in her eyes. “I thought that because I hadn’t gotten sick yet, I wouldn’t, right?”
“Aw, honey,” Ursula said, completely forgetting about her earlier threat about the cleanliness of her kitchen. She wrapped Adara in her arms, and I just stood there awkwardly, not really knowing what to do with myself. 
“Dan, we’re probably not going to see them grow up, are we?” Adara asked in a voice like child. “We’re going to die, and they’ll never be born. They’ll never go to school, or go on a date. They’ll never grow old, and they’ll never find love.”
“Shh,” I said to her, giving Ursula a look that made her let go of Adara. I took Adara in my arms and whispered soothing things in her ear. “They’ll survive. If they’re anything like you, they’re fighters.”
She smiled. “God, I hope you’re right.”
“I hope I am too.”

Chapter Thirty-Six
Adara

The day we’ve all be waiting for. 
We all sat around my living room, trying not to panic or let our emotions get the better of us. People hummed tunes and bounced their legs, but nothing took our minds off what was to come. 
My father and mother weren’t coming with us. I felt like it was kind of a betrayal of some sort, but I guess they had their reasons. If we did survive, then someone had to be there to look after all of the injured. 
The doorbell rang and everyone stiffened. We all looked at each other, daring one another to be the person to open the door to a potential attack. 
“I’ll get the door, then,” said Sally, but she sounded worried. 
I followed behind her as she neared the door. Time seemed to slow down, and everything seemed hyper-sensitive. Sally’s boots on the wooden floor sounded like she was a massive, stomping robot, squashing towns and flattening cities under her feet. The click of the door handle turning was as loud as a grenade going off, and I was worried for a moment that one had. 
The door finally swung open and revealed a large parcel on the ground by Sally’s feet. No one was around that could be seen, which worried me even more than if someone had been at the door. 
Sally looked at me with a raised eyebrow. “Should I bring it in?”
I shrugged. “What harm could it do?”
“It could blow up and kill us all.”
“But besides that?”
“It could release a deadly toxin that melts off our skin–”
“It was a rhetorical question!” 
Sally laughed and picked up the box, kicking the door closed behind her. We brought it into the living room and the others stared in suspicion. 
“It’s a box!” Sally announced, as if they couldn’t see it themselves. 
“And?” Matt asked as she set it down on the coffee table. 
“And what?”
“And what’s inside it?”
“I don’t know. Check yourself. I’ve done my hard work for today.” She sat back down and stared as Matt slowly peeled the tape. 
The anticipation and the drama kind of failed when the tape wouldn’t peel off. Matt tried to get his fingernail under it, but it didn’t work and he just ended up breaking his nail. 
“Damn it, just use some scissors!” Holly said, rooting in the drawers of the computer desk. 
She found a pair of scissors and threw them at Matt. He ducked as they whizzed past his head. 
“I forgot you didn’t have magic!” she said, blushing. 
“Holly, do refrain from throwing scissors at the people who are on your own side,” Raven said. “It’s highly disturbing.” He bent and picked up the scissors, handing them to Matt like a sane person. 
Matt jabbed them into the tape and finally the box was open. A letter was at the top of the contents of the box, and Matt held it up and cleared his throat. 
“Dear Children, from now on all of your powers will have been reinstated. We have also added a few gifts to aid you all in the final battle. Choose wisely which item you will take as your own.”  
Matt looked at us all expectantly. “Gifts?” 
And then everyone dived on the box, grabbing whatever they could. Sally grabbed a little orb, the size of a small marble. 
“This one’s mine!” Sally yelled. “It’s wings, and I’m having them!”
Once everyone had settled down, we all distributed the gifts equally. Everyone got a new wand and one of the orbs of power. 
“Okay, so we all swallow at the same time. Try not to choke. One…two…three!”
We all shoved the orbs in our mouths and swallowed. I chocked and gagged, but it went down my throat, and a feeling of power rushed through me. 
“Wow, which one did you swallow?” Dan asked me, his eyes wide and his pupils dilated. The orbs were like drugs, granting us power for a brief amount of time. 
“Invisibility,” I replied, grinning at the feeling of euphoria. “You?”
“Laser eyes.”
I laughed. “Yeah, I should have guessed you’d have picked that.”
The doorbell rang yet again and everyone quietened down. I strode to the door, running through the possibilities of who it could be. 
 “Did you think you’d all be riding off to battle without me?” Kat Allen asked me once I opened the door. 
“It didn’t actually occur to me that you should be involved with the final battle,” I told her, but I let her in anyway. “You’re too fragile.”
“Come on, Adara. I’d bet a hundred quid that Dan is in the next room, and he’s a lot weaker than I am.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I said. “I’m Ariana.”
“Your disguise is so bad it doesn’t even class as a disguise,” Kat said. “And no matter what you say I’m going. This is my fight too.”
“Fine. Go and introduce yourself to the new people.”
“New people?”
“Yeah. We’ve got a vast array of creatures in there.”
Kat stared at me for a moment and then just shook head, not bothering to elaborate on her thoughts. She walked into the living room, me right behind her. 
“Kat’s joining us for the big battle,” I told them, and they all addressed me with curious looks. “What? I couldn’t have stopped her.”
I sat back down again as Kat stared at our merry band of idiots. 
Kat sat down as Alice and Matt and the rest of them discussed what to do next. The first topic to come up was The Prophecy. 
“Okay, so if we want to win this thing, we need to fulfil The Prophecy,” Matt said, rubbing his chin. “So we have to, I don’t know, stitch the veil?” 
“No, that’s already happened. When we brought The Old Ones back, the rest of Judgment came with us. Judgment was the rip in the veil, and that’s gone now. To save the world, we have to do something else,” replied Alice “Is it as simple as just fighting and winning?”
“I would not call winning simple,” Raven said, while Dan said, “We’ll figure it out soon. Right now, I just want to think about my lady love.” Dan wrapped his arms around me and kissed up my neck, and I batted him away. 
“Dan, we’re fighting the baddies in, like, an hour, and you’re snogging me?”
“I might not get another chance,” said Dan with a shrug. 
“Don’t be so pessimistic. We might survive.”
“We might not,” countered Dan, kissing me full on the lips. 
At that moment, I didn’t want to let go and I didn’t want things to change–I just wanted to be with Dan. 
But everyone knows you rarely get what you want. 

Chapter Thirty-Seven
Matt

The sea air filled my lungs as we strode down the too-familiar beach. Alice slid her own fingers through mine and I had to refrain from snatching my hand away as if she was burning me.  
Bethany was stood with The Old Ones, and when she saw us her brows knitted together in confusion. Her dead sister and a group of mismatched supernatural beings had turned up, something she hadn’t anticipated. 
“You’re here,” Athena said, seeming to appear out of thin air beside me. 
Rhea and Artemis and Hecate were stood behind their fierce leader, looking very powerful and imposing. 
“You should have stayed at home,” Rhea said. “We wouldn’t have hurt you then.”
“But you’d have hurt everyone else.”
“Not everyone. Just the mortals, and they don’t even deserve to live.”
“So…” Alice said to them. “What do we do now? Do we, like, count to three and fight, or is it just spontaneous?” 
Athena answered it by hurtling an orb of light from her hands, heading straight for Alice. She threw up a force field quickly, cursing under her breath. 
“I guess it’s spontaneous, then,” Alice said with a smile, throwing back her own ball of energy. 
“Damn, what do I do?” Dan said in a panicked voice, randomly pointing his wand and zapping anything that moved. “I don’t know how to use this thing!”
“Just point and fire!” replied Adara, ducking under a stream of energy. 
Sally closed her eyes and before my own eyes, a great pair of wings burst from her back, tearing her shirt to shreds. 
I stared in shock and almost didn’t jump out of the way in time when a spear of lighting hurtled toward me. I flattened myself onto the ground, all of the air rushing out of my lungs. 
Alice ducked and hurled a fire ball at The Old Ones. Any of The Old Ones; her aim wasn’t that good. 
“Oh, we’re already losing,” I murmured, blocking another attack.
Dan fired laser beams from his eyes, looking pretty impressed with himself. It made the bottom of Hecate’s long dress catch alight, and she cursed, her eyes training on Dan, who was too busy looking stunned at what he had done to notice. 
“Dan!” I shouted, but it was too late. 
A ball of energy collided with Dan and sent him flying through the air. I could smell the burning flesh from where I stood. 
No. 
Anger rushed through me and I could only see red. Marching past everyone else in my small group of fighters, I headed right to Hecate. 
She laughed when she saw me coming, and I was sent crashing through the air with just a wave of her hand. I fell into the sand, skidding along for a few agonising moments. 
“Ow,” I said, blinking back tears. 
“You should have known better than to think you could have harmed me,” Hecate said, walking over to me with a sick smile on her face. 
I spat blood onto the sand, slowly pulling myself up using my elbows. My insides ached and I had to refrain from throwing up over Hecate’s feet. 
“I knew I couldn’t harm you,” I said, grinning. “But that doesn’t mean she can’t harm you.” 
Alice brought her hands down and gust of wind knocked Hecate off of her feet. She landed flat in the sand, much like I had earlier. Concentrating, I pointed my wand at her, and a spear of red light shot out and stabbed Hecate in the side. 
She cried out and writhed, bringing her hand up and aiming it at me. I flew high and then plummeted to the ground, dreading the impact. When it finally came, I didn’t feel anything but numbness. 
“Matt…Matt…Matt!”
“What?” I yelled, opening my eyes. 
Alice was crouched in front of me, her face really close to mine. I jerked away from her and hit a barrier. I looked around and discovered that we were in a small force field bubble, blocking us from the outside world. 
“I’ve figured it out, Matt,” Alice said excitedly as I stared at the carnage unfolding outside of the bubble. 
Dan was still on the ground, unmoving. Sally was next to him, her battered wings broken and bent, blood pooling around her. 
Holly was also on the ground, and Francis cradled her as if she was a big baby. He cried silent tears as he tried to wake up his fiancée. 
“You’ve figured what out?” I watched as the others in the group fell, crying out in terror. 
And then something happened. 
An arrow shot out and Artemis fell, clutching at her throat. Blood spurted and she gagged and chocked on her own blood, shocking the rest of her coven. 
I stared as a man appeared, bow and arrow drawn. Even from here I could see the delicate points of his ears. 
So, he must be an elf then. 
I tore my gaze away and looked at Alice. “Matt, listen to me! The prophecy!”
“What about the prophecy?” I asked, searching for my fallen wand. 
“It’s not a prophecy at all. It’s a spell.”
“And how did you figure that out?”
“It just came to me now!” she said excitedly. “It rhymes and it just seems to have power, you know? It has to be a spell.”
“Or it could just be a prophecy,” I said, rubbing my head. “It’s too much to bank on.”
“All we have to do is give a blood offering and say it together. Well, that’s my guess,” said Alice. “Even if it doesn’t work, it’s worth a shot. And if it doesn’t work, we might be able to take them down with just magic. Artemis has been taken down, so they’re weaker.”
“Fine, whatever you–” someone banged on the side of the force field, and I jerked away, my eyes meeting Kat’s. 
“Drop the shield,” I ordered, pointing at Kat.
Alice groaned and dropped the shield for just a second, enough time for Kat to get inside safely. Once the shield was safely up, I breathed a sigh of relief. 
“How have you evaded death?” Alice asked Kat, a hint of annoyance in her voice. 
Kat shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ve just stayed out of the way, I guess.”
“Hmm,” was all Alice said.
“Okay, so let’s say the prophecy and hope it works. I don’t think that dude out there can hold them off for long.”
“Okay, three…two…one…”
The Saviours are two of one
One a daughter and one a son
One will be born of a main magic line
And the other will be of the normal and–
A sharp pain. 
I turned in shock and saw a bloodied knife in the hands of one Kat Allen. As quick as a bullet, Kat was thrusting the knife into Alice’s back. 
Alice made a startled sound and she toppled over, her life blood soaking into the sand. 
The last thing I saw before my life ebbed away was Alice’s beautiful purple eyes, wide with shock and horror. 

Chapter Thirty-Eight
Alice

Ouch. 
I had just been stabbed in the back. Literally. 
I twisted my wrist and Kat Allen’s neck snapped, and she was dead before she hit the floor. Her open, glassy eyes stared at the world around her. I couldn’t bring myself to feel sorry for her. 
Crawling along the floor, I reached Matt, my bloodied hands roaming across his still body. I laid my head on his chest, listening for anything. 
He wasn’t breathing. 
Whispering, I recited:
The Saviours are two of one
One a daughter and one a son
One will be born of a main magic line
And the other will be of the normal and fine
The order of the world shall shift
And the boy shall be given the gift
Of magic to use at his will
Their roles they shall fulfil
But The Old Ones will still come
And what is to be done must be done
The rip in the world they have to stitch
The Warlock and the Witch
Absolutely nothing happened. 
It had to be the two of us. It was the warlock and the witch that had to do the spell, not just one of us. 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
NO NO NO NO NOOOOO!
“The Citadel, get down here you douche bags!” I screamed at the sky, feeling my blood trickle down my back. My vision dimmed for a moment but I managed to remain conscious. “Get the fuck down here!”
I was slammed against the side of my own force field by sheer force of The Citadel’s presence. I remained upright, but that was only because I was holding onto the force field for support. 
Life, Death, Fate and Chaos stood in front of me, in all of their unearthly beauty. Life was exotic looking, with dark skin and shining eyes. Death was the exact opposite of Life, and everything about her was dark and oppressive. The same went for Fate and Chaos. 
“He’s dead!” I screamed at them, kneeling next to Matt’s dead body. “He can’t be dead!”
“He was dying anyway,” Life said calmly, seemingly unconcerned about the chaos going on around her. 
“But he can’t die now! He needs to do the spell with me!”
“Maybe this is the fate of the world,” Fate said to me, regarding me as if I was nothing more than a speck of dust, nothing important. 
“It isn’t. I know it isn’t. Now, bring him back.”
Death shook her head. “We cannot possibly do such a thing.”
“A trade then. Bring him back and five minutes after, take me instead. You can let us have five minutes to sort the world out, can’t you?”
“It is hardly a sacrifice on your part, Alice. You know there is an afterlife. To make the trade equal, you need to give us a death, and then something more, something that would affect your own life forever. The death, you have already achieved. You gave us the life of Kat Allen, the traitor. All you have to do now is make your own sacrifice.”
“And then he’ll be back for good?” I asked hopefully. Well, at least killing Kat made it easier to get Matt back. But I did still have to sacrifice something…
“Yes. Well, for as long as the cancer allows him. We cannot do anything about that, I’m afraid,” Life said. 
“Deal,” I said quickly. “Now, what’s my sacrifice?”	

Matt woke up with a gasp. 
I stared at him, tears in my eyes. I wiped them away and said to him, “Matt, we need to do the spell now. The blood sacrifice has already been made. All we need to do is call the elements and do the spell. Quickly.”
He nodded, looking bewildered by what was going on, but he complied anyway. 

Air
Fire
Water
Earth 
Please join me now
In my hour of need
		Let me use your power		
And on my blood you shall feed 

The Saviours are two of one
One a daughter and one a son
One will be born of a main magic line
And the other will be of the normal and fine
The order of the world shall shift
And the boy shall be given the gift
Of magic to use at his will
Their roles they shall fulfil
But The Old Ones will still come
And what is to be done must be done
The rip in the world they have to stitch
The Warlock and the Witch

I gasped and a massive bubble of energy expanded from Matt and I. It grew bigger and bigger until it seemed to explode. 
The bang was deafening, and I rolled over, covering my ears and closing my eyes. 
When I finally opened them, everything was quiet. 
The Old Ones were gone, nothing but dust in the wind, drifting out toward the sea. 
My group lay around in obvious states of distress, and I dreaded the death count. 
Some were quite obviously dead. 
Claire, Penelope, Gemma, Sean, the-mystery-elf-with-the-bow-and-arrow, Mickey and Jackie, were all dead, staring at the blue sky with only blankness on their faces. 
That’s seven. 
Seven people dead. 
There were a few people who I just couldn’t tell, which in a way made it even worse. 
Dan.
Dan hadn’t moved since he landed on the sand, smouldering. 
Holly. 
Holly was still limp in Francis’ arms. 
Sally. 
Sally was still broken and bent on the ground. 
Adara. 
Adara was unmoving, and I couldn’t tell if she was breathing or not. And something was wrong with her face, with her eye. It looked like it had been gouged out or pierced, which was something that could be fatal. 
Bethany was a statue, probably because of the now deceased Penelope. Well, at least she managed to do something before she died. 
 But at least I was still alive. After everything, I was still standing. Well, not standing standing. 
I dropped the force field and Matt jumped to his feet, rushing over to his fallen comrades. 
“Alice, you need to help heal them!” Matt shouted at me, crouching over Dan, his best friend. Matt was scared and panicked, worried for the life of his friend, and I couldn’t help them. I couldn’t go over there. 
Tears trickled down my face as I said, “I can’t, Mattie.”

THE END


































































