Coded G6 and the Trexel Immortals

The Trexel Series
Book One

By
Hillary Layelle

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 Hillary Layelle

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and may not be re-sold. Coded G6 and the Trexel Immortals is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, places, events, or locales, is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Preface


Michael David Kade can read minds and move with lightning speed thanks to a conversion he went through last fall. As part of his research he finds—and falls for—Claire, a sophomore at the same university. Yet he is not the only one who knows of her potential. When he discovers her other pursuer, Michael follows him to London where secrets of the Trexel Immortals begin to unravel. The underlying commonality that weaves through his worlds of research, romance, and immortality finally presents itself for Michael’s acceptance or rejection.

Claire is undeniably lured into Michael’s realm when she returns to Anchorage, AK to earn her sophomore credits. She questions their intense chemistry, however, when she turns privy to his extraordinary thought bending abilities. Beneath his role of student, Michael has other obligations; primarily, acquisition of the next viable prospect for his exclusive group. Testing Claire and others without their consent, he learns that she meets biological prerequisites for the conversion. Her safe, predictable life shifts into a bizarre reality when limitations of mortality and restrictions of human capabilities begin to dissipate.

Table of Contents

1. Toxic
MDK
2. New Girl
Claire
3. Between the Bookshelves
Claire
4. Brandie’s Arrival
MDK
5. Psych
Claire
6. Green Thumb
Claire
7. Check Here
Claire
8. Diverted
MDK
9. Uninvited Guest
Claire
10. The Code
Claire
11. Masked Motives
Claire
12. Blood with Potential
MDK
13. Breaking and Entering
MDK
14. The Morning After
Claire
15. Shadows from Italy
MDK
16. Airborne
MDK
17. Meet the Band
Claire
18. Oak Room
MDK
19. The Tank
MDK
20. Trade of the Trexel
MDK
21. Scarred
MDK
22. Snow Day
Claire
23. All in My Head
Claire
24. New Rules
Claire
25. Nothing but the Truth
MDK


1. Toxic- MDK


It was the first day of school. Fall classes had begun and I was annoyed that my Psych professor sent out a last minute email with new text requirements. Though I didn’t plan on attending class the first couple of days anyway—a waste of time for freshmen level classes—I at least wanted to make sure I had the right books for the semester. If nothing else, it gave me an excuse to get my GT on the road since I bored it out. Not to mention that the dual exhaust needed another chance to rumble through the streets of Anchorage.
My mustang flew around the familiar twists and turns to campus until I reached the last intersection where a red light mocked my attempt to set a new record. As if reminding me that I had more power under the hood, my right foot twitched above the gas pedal. Revving the engine sent a rush through my body and helped me drown out the swarm of thoughts from the neighborhood. I was still learning how to tune them out.
Without a conscious effort to do so, I had already surveyed the intersection for other vehicles, pedestrians, signs of natural interference, and any other minute detail that might threaten my chances of survival; a side-effect of the conversion I went through last fall. 
A student reached the intersection shortly after me. Her tiny shoulders hunched in response to the chilly morning. My own body was more efficient at maintaining homeostasis, so changes in temperature had little effect on my comfort. I was acutely aware of the weather conditions nonetheless; living organisms around me supplied information about any upcoming changes, and the air quality fed a slew data to my abnormally efficient brain capacity.
I watched the student’s face change from determined to disappointed as she noted the numbers counting down on the light post. She mentally added two more minutes to her estimated walk-time. I motioned for her to cross, figuring there was no reason for both of us to ruin our commute time.
She thought about the intertwining melodies of a ... Metallica song playing through her iPod as she waved to me while crossing. I didn’t know many girls who still liked Metallica. This odd revelation made me grin and I couldn’t help but wink at her in approval. Woah, she thought, trying to pull her eyes away from mine in order to keep her balance. I seemed to have this effect on women. When her direct, blue eyes looked away, I felt robbed of the moment and was determined to follow her thoughts while driving up to the student parking lot.
That’s better, she thought as she pulled her hood up to block the wind, and then I lost her. It was like rolling a radio dial back and forth over a station you just couldn’t pick up, even though you were perfectly tuned in a moment ago.
… hope I’m not late on the first day … a guy thought—uncomfortable in his new pants. His thoughts were murky and blurred, probably still sleepy.
… why did I pick a class so dreadfully early?! Oh, because I’m an idiot, that’s why. This year sucks already … another mental voice; purplish brown with self-loathing and pessimism.
… such a glorious day … thought an assistant, typing away at her desk. Although I was frustrated at the loss of the girl’s thoughts, my mood improved at finding the bright yellow hue that accompanied this truly happy disposition. The assistant’s cubicle was decorated with sunny vacation destinations and pictures of her children that kept her smiling internally throughout the day. I’d have to ask J-Dub for tips on tracking. I was rotten at it.
Heads turned as I made my way to the bookstore, where I held the glass door open for a girl who’d been trailing behind me. “Thanks,” she said shyly, with a side thought of yum. The flood of new thoughts and smells held no significance for me other than the instantly carnal fantasies developing in the mind of an Asian girl from behind the customer service counter. Most girls our age weren’t quite that twisted. Trying to think around her visuals, my posture straightened as I noted the girl beside her, who still hid her blue eyes from me.
I ducked into the first row of books and followed signs to the aisle that should’ve held my Psychology text. Apparently, I’d have to approach the girl sooner than intended.
“Can I help you?” asked an over eager ... Trisha, according to her name tag. Her colleague, and the object of my morning’s pursuit, wore a nametag labeled “Claire.” I hoped if I took long enough to reply, Claire would look up.
I was wrong.	
“Yeeeeeah,” I said slowly, “I can’t seem to find the textbook for Psychology 101 with Professor Grewe.” Claire stopped typing, but continued to stare at her monitor as she visualized her schedule for the semester.
“Grewe specified second edition but didn’t update the system,” she said. Her actual voice was even nicer than the tone of her thoughts. Trisha’s head filled with a mixture of jealousy and resentment toward her colleague. Strangely, this stirred up anger through my chest as I felt her aggressive attitude wasn’t justified. Odd. I wasn’t typically caught up in petty drama.
Claire was kind enough to elaborate for her with, “I have the same class. She just messaged students this morning with the clarification.” So she was going to be in my class.
That could be interesting.
“You can find it on that aisle to your left, down about half way.” After glancing down the aisle, she finally gave me what I wanted: eye contact.
I released half a smile as she looked me over nonchalantly, masking her deep-rooted excitement well. Her assessment of my physical appearance was pleasing, but I felt the need to meet her approval on a deeper level.
Would she applaud what I really was? Would she allow me the information I took without permission? “Would you mind showing me?” I asked, hiding the sincerity behind my request. She hesitated.
“Sorry, I’ve gotta finish what I’m doing here, but—”
“I can show you,” Trisha interrupted, rounding the counter in full strut. I wondered how wounded she would be if I didn’t follow her, then decided my intentions would be too obvious if I didn’t.
What were my intentions, exactly?
By the time I caught up to Trisha, she seemed flustered … Can’t let him know I have no clue where his damned book is. How hard could it be though, really … “Well, your book isn’t where it should be,” she said, staring at my lips and wondering what they’d feel like against her own.
“But you do carry it, right?” I was starting to get irritated. 
“Ya, I’m sure it’s over here somewhere.” She bent over to examine the titles on the bottom shelf, hoping to distract me with the view, but I had already found something much more interesting to admire.
Behind her counter, Claire appeared engrossed in her work, but was thinking about me, too. She peeked up just in time to catch my gaze, which I immediately directed at the floor. I couldn’t even say why. Hadn’t I been vying for her attention since she stole mine on the crosswalk?
“Sorry, I’m gonna have to check the system and make sure it’s been brought out to the shelves,” Trisha flashed a flirtatious smile my way before prancing back to the counter. Her signals held no weight on my end.
“Any luck?” Claire teased, knowing Trisha failed to find my book.
“It’s not where it should be,” You probably sent me out there on purpose, didn’t you? I’ll bet it’s not even shelved yet, you scandalous wretch, she mentally accused. Her tone made my eyes tighten while her heavy plastic nails clanked away on her keyboard.
Their supervisor’s thoughts were petulant; bulldozing through everything else in my brain as he made his way across the bookstore to the girls. He was fuming about a long-distance phone bill and neglected housekeeping items. The speech he planned to unload, however, became muffled as he realized a customer was present.
“A word, Trisha?” he spat, while catching his breath from speed-walking his large mass across the store. Claire’s heart rate sped up. She couldn’t avoid me forever. Trisha followed him away from the customer service desk.
“Um, I’ll be right with you,” Claire promised nervously as I closed the distance between us.
Her nerves began to make me nervous. I attempted to calm her down by saying, “I’m not in a hurry.”
It didn’t work.
She hit a combination of keys to lock her computer and marked the last title on her list. “Thanks for your patience. It should be right this way if you’d like to follow me,” she said shyly, refusing to look directly at me.
Like a magnet I was pulled along behind her, enjoying the view. She visualized the book’s location as we arrived and was able to retrieve it from the shelf before I was ready to stop following her.
When she turned to face me with the textbook, she misjudged my proximity and ran into my chest. Claire’s petite body made no purchase against my rock solid stance, forcing her to take a step back. Her lingering sweet smell wrapped around my senses, and my fingers twitched to pull her back up against me.
Since my newly efficient body refused to absorb alcohol, caffeine, or anything else it deemed unnecessary or contaminated, it had been a while since I’d actually been intoxicated. This was the closest thing to it.
During the quick, blissful high, my heart rate sped faster than hers and my other senses dulled around the edges. Panic set in; what was wrong with me? Was I having a stroke? Her cheeks flushed as she looked down, breaking the spell. My systems slowly returned to normal. Interesting.
I tried to recover with an introduction, “So I’m Michael.” My right hand reached out in anticipation.
“Claire,” she anxiously responded, placing her little hand around mine. Her voice echoed through my head as I tried to maintain composure at the feel of her soft skin. “Were you ... able to find your other books?” I heard her voice but was so distracted by the depth of her eyes I had to pick through her head to find out what she had just asked.
“Yeah, I ordered the rest of them online, thanks.” I was supposed to let go of her hand, wasn’t I? I did so, and nervously ran mine through my hair like a high school kid with a crush.
Is that what this was?
“Let’s go ring you up,” she recovered, behaving in a much more controlled manner than myself. I selfishly waited for her to take the lead, but should have been more cautious.
A couple morons were running down the same aisle we were about to cross. One had just smacked the other on the head and was making his escape. He nearly pulverized Claire. My hand flinched upward in time to help steady her balance. Part of my brain focused on the way my fingers felt against the small of her back, while the survival component quickly assessed the situation.
“Watch it,” I threatened, almost losing my control. Their playtime ended abruptly as they turned to see who dared to put them in check. Claire might think less of me if I crushed their skulls together, so I made them behave. Apologize, I sent subliminally to the larger of the two. Calm the hell down, I ordered the other.
The bigger boy muttered, “Sorry about that,” to Claire, with his eyes trapped under my glare.
“It’s fine,” she replied generously, possibly feeling the aftershock of my mental commands to the boys. I tried not to use the tactic of subliminal commands any more than necessary. It made me feel like a cheater; like I was dabbling in something I’d be punished for later. “That was interesting,” she gracefully concluded, looking up at me with skepticism.
“You alright?” I asked, knowing perfectly well she had already recovered. I hadn’t.  I wanted to hunt them down and join their game of hit and miss. She nodded, still waiting for an explanation that would never come. I motioned to the register asking, “Shall we?” Claire clung to the incident, working at it from different angles and resolving to think about it later. I wondered if she’d have any luck with that.
Her colleague beat us back to the customer service desk and was debating whether or not Claire was competition. “I see we found what you were looking for ...” and I’ve found what I’m looking for, she thought.
“Michael,” Claire filled in, placing my textbook on the counter next to her over-eager coworker. I felt my temperature rise, heartbeat quicken, and systems frenzy at the sound of my name on her lips. This time, however, I recognized what was happening before it could cripple my other senses, and put myself in check. Although I was impressed with Trisha’s creative attempts at seduction, I was merely a robot in response.
It’s difficult to explain the capacity in which my new brain learned to function since the conversion, but in this aspect, I’d compare it to autopilot. I used this ability to interact with Trisha long enough to purchase my book but simultaneously followed the frat boys’ thoughts to the parking lot, analyzed other customer’s perceptions from the bookstore, noted weather changes from the thoughts of those outside, and focused on Claire’s evaluation of me.
She thought I was wearing a wedding ring and delighted me with her dismay at the theory. Hiding my left hand from view to prolong her curiosity, I tactfully avoided compromise with Trisha’s intentions and managed to escape with my new textbook, a receipt with Trisha’s phone number on it, and promise to see Claire again. 


2. New Girl- Claire


Selecting a college was brutal. I trudged through several essays and applications for Colorado programs, only to find their acceptance letters irritating. The thought of hanging around my hometown felt more like a punishment for continuing my education rather than the next step in the grand adventure of life. I was feeding the most recent congratulatory acceptance letter through the shredder when something on my dad’s bookshelf caught my attention. It was a silver polar bear figurine reflecting the light from his desk lamp.
At first, I just zoned out on the hazy glow that made the bear look like he was breathing until my own breath sped up. My chest tightened and without thinking, I lifted the decoration from its shelf. Heavy for its size, the polar bear hung between my fingers like a vital clue, and I was urgently curious about Alaska. After setting it next to my dad’s computer monitor, my fingers typed furiously through Google searches about Anchorage.
College life appeared to be diverse and daylight changes would be tolerable, but the photos of raw, natural beauty and northern lights made my decision clear. I would go to school in Alaska.
While Mom hated the idea of me being so far away, Dad would see me on his business trips and said it’d give him something to look forward to. He emailed me a list of housing options which was surprisingly unrestrictive. Communication between us typically took place through texts or emails, thanks to our conflicting schedules. We agreed on a little house just off campus and within walking distance to the grocery store. Granted “Lola,” my silver Corolla, got great gas mileage, but there was no need to stretch my budget. 
Home in Alaska was a red brick cottage with a wraparound deck connecting its front to the back. Aspens and evergreens formed privacy walls between side neighbors, but the backyard bordered the forest. Dad said it had character.
Its inside contradicted the exterior with a modern remodel offering an abundance of natural light. The open layout placed the living room and study up front. Then the kitchen, three bedrooms, and bathroom wrapped around the back; it was perfect.
As far as roommates went, I lucked out. None of the horror stories about initiation or roommate pranks applied to my freshman experience. In fact, my high school years would have been a lot more fun had I met Stella back then. She grew up in Biloxi, Mississippi though, and probably loved her high school memories. Either way, we had both returned to Anchorage for our second year of college and were eager to meet our new roommate.
The sound of an approaching car echoed down the hall, urging us to the study where we peaked inconspicuously through wooden blinds. A pearl white car parked crookedly on our extended driveway with a Mercedes emblem boldly glistening in the sun. The trunk popped open, followed by three of the four doors. Stella elbowed me in the side and I playfully pushed her back.
“Shhh!” she hissed at me trying not to laugh. I envied the way her perfect curves made clothes look the way they were actually designed to.
A grizzly bear of a man got out of the driver’s side, followed by a petite woman from the passenger’s side. She wore a putrid scowl—probably the only thing she’d ever worn twice—as she took in the living quarters her daughter would have to endure. 
The third figure from the rear seat on the driver’s side began to emerge. First in view over the top of the luxury car was a full head of tight blonde curls pointing in every direction. Some of the shoulder length strands dangled in front of her oversized celebrity sunglasses, which were propped up by a perfect nose.
The lady in front called her “Emmalynne” while impatiently motioning come here with four fingers of an upraised hand. Our new roomy found her way around the Mercedes to her mom, who gave her a distanced hug and a pseudo kiss on the cheek.
Looking inconvenienced, Emmalynne’s mom gave our house one last disapproving sneer, swatted at an unseen insect, and slipped back into the car. Stella and I exchanged a wary glance and continued to spy on the new girl. After her dad lugged a mountain of belongings up to our front porch, he gave her a quick squeeze, got in the car, and drove away.
They didn’t even wait to make sure their daughter had made it to the right house.
“Not it!” Stella called while skipping back through the kitchen.
“Cheater,” I muttered at the empty room. Waiting for Emmalynne to ring the doorbell, I was distracted by disorganized office items on our community desk and quickly rotated each article until they felt orderly. Once they couldn’t possibly be more functionally positioned, I decided I’d waited long enough.
I opened the front door to find the new girl sitting out on the steps with her arms around her knees, sobbing. “Hey, are you ok?” I asked across the porch to the pile of curls. No answer. A roaring muscle truck drove up the street like a blasphemous riot against the orange sky. I walked over to her world and tried to sound friendly, “Um, I’m your new roommate, Claire.”
After looking up as if to make sure I was real, she wiped her cheek and calmed a sniffle. I offered a hand, which she accepted saying, “Thanks,” and brushed off her backside. Wiping her face once more, she took a deep breath and grabbed a bag of belongings. “I’m Emma.”
“Nice to meet you. Wanna come in?” I picked up one of her heavy bags with both hands and bumped into the door to push it back open. “Stella! We could use a hand out here,” I hollered, outing my roommate.
We were probably the best thing that could have happened to Emma her freshman year. In any other housing unit our volleyball playing, attention demanding, over emotional, tomboyish, virgin roommate would have been picked apart.
The sky darkened while we moved her in. “I think this calls for Ben and Jerry’s,” I announced. Ice cream seemed to bring girls together. Besides, we’d earned it after moving in Emma; she had more stuff than Stella and I put together. 
“Agreed,” Stella seconded the notion. Emma’s eyes lit up as I made my way across the kitchen.
“We have ... Chunky Monkey or Cheesecake Brownie,” I offered from behind the refrigerator door.
“Surprise me,” Stella answered predictably. I didn’t realize how much I missed her southern accent over the summer.
“Emma?”
“They both sound awesome,” she admitted while plopping down on a kitchen chair. Stella disappeared down the hall. I scooped generous portions of ice cream into three bowls while Emma and I enjoyed a comfortable silence. 
“Claire, baby?” Stella called from the other end of the house. She was about to share bad news; otherwise, she wouldn’t have called me “baby.”
“Ya,  Stell?”
“You may want to come have a look at this.” I dropped the clunky ice cream scoop on the countertop and jogged down the hall to where she lingered just outside my bedroom. Her sympathetic frown turned my stomach.
After attempting to follow her line of vision, I gave up and impatiently asked, “What are you even looking at?”
“The floor by your lamp; it’s Wolfgang.” My new beta fish was motionless on the clumpy carpet.
“What on earth?” I reluctantly entered the room and squatted down to examine him. It didn’t make sense. Out of morbid curiosity I wanted to touch it; he looked crispy.
“What’s going on?” Our new roommate asked hesitantly as she joined us.
“It’s her beta fish,” Stella replied. “Claire’s managed to kill another helpless victim.”
“I didn’t kill it, he ... committed suicide.” I said in my defense.
“Oh. Don’t Betas jump from little ponds of water, like, in real life?” The floor creaked as she shifted her weight. “Did you leave his lid open?” My posture slumped in response but I couldn’t take my eyes off Wolfgang. I shook my head at my stupidity. “Sorry, Claire. Hey, why don’t we go make sure that ice cream doesn’t melt?” It was a good suggestion. Emma’s shadow pulled back as she left the doorway.
“Maybe we could get you a plant or something next time,” Stella snickered falling into a pose against the wall. “You want me to take care of him?”
“Nah, I got it,” I sighed and got to my feet. “Thanks, though.” Stella had an I-told-you-so smirk on her face. I stuck my tongue out at her on my way to the bathroom.
She briefed Emma on my inability to care for pets over our ice cream therapy. “My mom says philodendrons are a great first plant because they’re easy to take care of. Maybe she could send us some starts. She always has some waiting to be planted,” Stella offered. I rolled my eyes. “What?” She demanded, wounded. “We could use some green in here anyway.” 
“Whatever. Can you believe classes start Monday?” I scooped up the last puddle of chocolate in my bowl.
“No,” Emma spoke with a mouthful of ice cream; she seemed right at home. “I wish my parents would have moved me in early. How long have you guys been here?” 
 “Oh we roomed here last year. I just got back last week, fixin’ to surprise Claire but she was already here. Says it was to start her new job but I think she just wanted dibs on the best room.” 
“Got me all figured out, don’t ya?” I smiled at Stella who threatened me with a spoonful of ice cream in catapult position. “Speaking of work, I better go to bed.” I got up to rinse my bowl and spoon in the sink.
“Me too, I better get used to my new schedule if I’m gonna be outta here by six a.m.” Emma copied me with her dishes.
“Y’all need to figure out how to schedule your classes right. I’ll be cuddled up in bed ‘til I feel like coming out.”
“Not everyone still swims in an allowance from Mommy and Daddy,” I accused, while placing our bowls in the dishwasher.
“As if you’d turn it down? Don’t let her fool you, Em. Claire would ride the family cash flow with the best of ‘em.” She pointed her spoon at me with one eye closed.
“Right. But as it stands, that’s not an option.” I smiled playfully and shook my head at Stella. “You all set for the night Em?”
“Ya, I think I’m good, thanks.”
On my way out of the kitchen, I purposefully bumped into Stella with my hip as she got up from the table. “Night babe.”
“Sweet dreams Cinderella,” she teased, making her way to the sink.
“See ya bright and early Em,” I said over my shoulder, heading down the hall.
Crawling under my swirly comforter, I expected to sink immediately to slumber, but couldn’t shake the back-to-school-butterflies. The next two days would be torture. A breeze fluttered through the wind chime out back and swooped around the house to shuffle through the trees.
Looking for a distraction, I grabbed my phone and tapped into the social networking world. A little red notification told me a message was waiting for me, but as soon as I saw that it was from Neil, my ex, I closed out of it. He couldn’t possibly have anything to say that I’d want to hear.
My ebook app held the third book in a new vampire series, which was exactly the diversion I needed. Before I could make it through a whole chapter my limbs began to feel weighted, and I gave in to heavy eyelids.


3. Between the Bookshelves- Claire


Our weekend disappeared without warning. We barely had enough time to coordinate groceries for the week and show Em around campus before crashing for the first day of school. I was pleasantly surprised, however, that the morning welcomed me with the smell of coffee; it felt strange not being the first one up. A sheet of lined paper called to me from the fridge with bubbly handwriting in pink marker:

Don’t make plans for next Saturday, there’s a Masquerade Party at the Port!  Find a mask and we’ll get our drink on with the swankies. ~ Em

I smiled to think of Emma getting excited over a large social gathering; she seemed so reserved. Apparently, her athletic connections were going to enhance our social lives. To emphasize her point, there was a mask perched on top of the fridge like a creepy eyeless phantom watching over our cozy kitchen.
All edges of the hot pink eye mask were embroidered with glittery black thread, complimented with black feathers, which fanned out to the left. I wondered if she would be the same Emma behind the mask. Something about its flare told me she had a side we hadn’t seen.
Stella would flip out.
Our high-pitched doorbell startled me with three quick rings. That was Stu’s signature. Green numbers above the stove said it was 6:17am. My striped socks pulled me across the hardwood floor to the front door where I fumed at my irritant through the peephole. Couldn’t they at least wait until I was decent?
Jack and Stewart were a wannabe Dave Matthews duo we tolerated through our freshman year for comedic relief and live entertainment. If I didn’t know Stu was an amazing guitarist, I’d probably find him repulsive. Not that he wasn’t good looking, but he was flagrantly self-centered.
I twisted the deadbolt and pulled our heavy door open. “Mornin’ sunshine,” he piped while shifting a backpack over his shoulder. He wore long sleeves under a dark t-shirt from one of the concerts he’d attended. His light brown hair casually pushed up into a peak over his head, like he was ready for a Rolling Stones photo shoot.
My sleepy cheek rested against the door and I merely raised an eyebrow in response. He helped himself into our house, followed by his shadow, shaggy Jack, who flashed me a smile. Stu sniffed the air, “Smells like you knew we were coming.” I sighed in defeat and closed the door.
They placed guitar cases on the floor against the table and unloaded their backpacks on our kitchen chairs. “Café de Stella & Claire is now closed to non-contributors,” I teased, swatting Stu’s hand away from the pot so I could pour a cup for myself first.
“You’re cute when you’re angry, kitty cat.” Stewart backed up and pretended to check me out in my white tank, black yoga pants, and crazy multicolored socks. The messy bun on my head felt lopsided.
“Bite me Stu.”
He clanked his teeth in my direction earning a chuckle from his sidekick. They both noticed the mask on top of the fridge, giving it looks of confusion and distaste.
“Tell me again why you insist on gracing us with your presence before normal humans start their day?”
Shaking his head with a deep sigh Stu replied, “Because,” as if we’d been through this a million times, “that’s when we come up with the best stuff. And starting our day off with rehearsal or, when we’re lucky, composition, makes the rest of our day more productive. I guess it helps us wake up.”
“And you can’t do this at your place because?”
“Cause we’d never get out of bed,” Jack threw in.
“Hey, if it’s a horrible inconvenience we can find someplace else t—”
“No. It’s fine Stu,” I assured. He crossed his arms while I spooned a generous helping of sugar into my mug. “Geez, I’m just giving you a hard time.” I paused for a minute, contemplating whether to try the fancy new creamer next to the sugar. “It’s just ... my little ego doesn’t like when I have to see the public before I’m presentable.”
“We’re hardly public,” he hmphd at my explanation. “So you and Stella got this place to yourselves now?” I wondered what the real Stewart sounded like. This guy was a mixture of impersonations. He made his way to the vacant coffee station as I passed by with my cup of caffeine.
“No, but don’t get your hopes up. I’m pretty sure Emma isn’t into lowly, no-talent, mohawk-wearin’ loiterers.” Jack exploded with laughter earning a punch in the arm from the accused. He shirked it off like it didn’t hurt but the expression on his face wasn’t as convincing.
Stu recovered with, “Missed you too, pumpkin.” I held my cup protectively while he wrapped his arms around me for an awkward hug. “Thanks for the joe.”
“Any time.” 
Not wanting Jack to feel left out, I gave him a one-armed reunion hug in passing, and made for the hall. “I’ve gotta get ready for work if someone’s going to provide around here.”
“Hey, where’s Stella?” Jack looked around as if expecting to see her up and about.
“Her first class isn’t ‘til ten. I’m sure she’s still in bed.”
They headed to the back porch and were still dawdling out there, serenading the morning sun with Simon and Garfunkel songs when I left for work. It was comforting to have part of our random family back in place.
After putting in my white earbuds and selecting the “WakeUP” playlist from my orange iPod, I set off for the campus bookstore, a.k.a. my employer for the semester. My hands found each other in the soft hoodie pocket across my torso, seeking warmth from the early chill.
Thankfully, the trek across campus would only take me nine minutes. I longed for my comfy bed while hiking uphill to the intersection where a gun-barrel grey Mustang GT revved its engine. The crosswalk countdown indicated that I’d have to run to make it, so I gave up hope of crossing.
Make that eleven minutes.
Coming to a halt, I glanced up at the polished sports car. Its steering wheel supported a hand that gestured with two fingers for me to cross; he was willing to wait. Nice. Trying to stay within the fat white crosswalk lines, I pulled a hand out to waive “thanks” to my new friend. The driver looked up at me from under dark eyebrows and threw me off with a wink. Our eyes locked.
Fortunately, I was able to look away in time to catch my balance and let a smile force itself across my cheeks. As if woken by the excitement, an angry gust of Alaskan air whipped my hair across my face, encouraging me to pull my hood up for the rest of the way to work.
Opening the glass door to the bookstore released a combined smell of new books and recently cleaned carpets. This activated my work mode, transforming me into Claire, the cashier. In contrast with my stimulating walk, work promised to be monotonous.
My coworker, Trisha, was engrossed in a phone conversation that was obviously unrelated to work, unless the customer spoke Japanese. I liked the way her native language bounced around like a song. Her negligence had no effect on my productivity, so I never brought it up.
Already checking the clock, I began my first mundane task from behind the counter by her side. She broke our silence with a, “Can I help you?” to her first customer, in a tone that suggested she’d like to help him in more ways than one. Unwilling to lose my place, I didn’t bother looking up. Her temporary object of infatuation hesitated.
“Yeeeeeah,” he said slowly, “I can’t seem to find the textbook for Psychology 101 with Professor Grewe.” The name caught my attention. Right, my Monday/Wednesday/Friday afternoon class.
“Grewe specified the second edition but didn’t update the system,” I advised while staying focused on my project. When no reply was given, I glanced over at Trisha, in all her perfection, and felt compelled to answer her confusion. “I have the same class. She just messaged students this morning with the clarification.”
I wondered how long she spent forcing her stick straight hair into movie-star curls every morning. My own hair was a collage of browns, which I pushed out of my eyes and tucked behind my ear before continuing, “You can find it on that aisle to your left, down about half way.” I gave an indicatory glance down the aisle, then over to Trisha’s customer to confirm understanding, and I forgot how to breathe.
It was him.
His thumbs hooked in the front pockets of faded jeans under a black button-up shirt. The high-end fabric clung slightly to his torso, hinting at a muscular build. Despite its formal qualities, he wore it casually: top button undone and collar tips relaxed away from the neck. His angular jaw line was clean-shaven and brought attention to perfect lips, whose corners twitched upward at the moment.
Seeming to catch my awe, he cocked a perfectly arched, jet-black eyebrow before asking, “Would you mind showing me?” Yes, I would mind, thank you very much. Because when it came to impossibly good looking, well dressed, Mustang GT drivers, my motor skills would certainly fail, and I wasn’t in the mood for humiliation. 
Feeling a murderous glare from my coworker, I suppressed a smile and replied, “Sorry, I’ve gotta finish what I’m doing here, but—”
“I can show you,” she interrupted, halfway around the counter already. He seemed to consider an alternative before following her. I tried to focus on the list in front of me, but all I could think of were things I didn’t normally consider past my morning rituals. Yes, I was having a decent hair day. Yes, I remembered to brush my teeth. I was even wearing the V-neck that Mom said brought the blue out in my eyes, and I was especially thankful that I’d picked out jeans that made my butt look good.
Not that I was even in the guy’s league, but these little acknowledgements would help me function like a normal person when they returned. Back to work. I had to focus. I kept reading the same line over and over because the words weren’t registering. Those secretive smoky-grey eyes kept stealing center stage in my mind.
Since the task-at-hand proved hopeless, I stole a peek down the aisle to catch Trisha bending over as she searched through books on the lower shelf. He’d ask for her number and I’d be forced to listen to a replay of their weekend for at least a month.
My head shook slightly while my disapproving eyes rose to her victim then widened in surprise. He waited good-naturedly through her charade, but was staring back at me. His eyes dropped to the floor as soon as they met mine.
Maybe I reminded him of someone he knew. I got that a lot. The flirty bookstore tour guide stood in his line of vision and motioned back to our counter.
“Any luck?” I asked, already knowing the answer as they returned empty handed. She didn’t catch my teasing tone and appeared quite flustered.
“It’s not where it should be,” she snapped while frantically logging back into her computer. Before she could find what she was looking for, our supervisor, Paul Vitek waddled over to our counter and asked to speak with her privately.
My confidence evaporated; I’d have to help Mr. GT myself. Trisha was escorted away like a child to the principal’s office and I wondered what she did to deserve such a performance. Her abandoned customer made his way to my side of the counter.
“Um, I’ll be right with you,” I managed to say. 
“I’m not in a hurry,” he assured.
I took a deep breath while locking my computer and marking my list. Rounding the counter with a little less enthusiasm than Trisha, I said, “Thanks for your patience. It should be right this way if you’d like to follow me.” I kicked myself mentally for that awful customer service line, but I kept walking and assumed he’d follow. 
Rather than seeming irritated with his unsuccessful textbook quest, he patiently followed me back to the aforementioned aisle. I swiftly grabbed the book from the second-to-top shelf and turned around so quickly that I ran right into him.
He didn’t back up.
Most strangers would allow a personal space bubble, but he seemed frozen in place, forcing me to compensate with a step back. I don’t think I’d ever noticed, let alone liked the way a guy smelled before.
Neither of us seemed to want to leave our little space between the bookshelves. After an awkward silence, his voice eased the air, “So I’m Michael,” as if continuing a conversation from before, and extended his hand.
“Claire,” I responded automatically, clasping my hand around his. It took some concentration to form words that made sense. “Were you ... able to find your other books?” I asked, trying to sound professional. He waited for me to look up and surprised me with a smile. His expression didn’t seem to match the person wearing it.
“Yeah, I ordered the rest of them online, thanks.” He let me have my hand back and ran his through short black hair.
“Let’s go ring you up,” I suggested, and he stepped aside to let me through. But as we came to the end of the aisle I was nearly run over by two obnoxious frat boys. I jumped and felt Michael’s hand on the small of my back. Whether to help me balance or to keep me from crashing into him, I couldn’t tell, but the touch demanded my attention over the near collision.
“Watch it!” he growled. The two man-sized boys whirled around and their playful tousle immediately soured into a tensely heated stare-down. My stomach blocked into ice as work at the bookstore shrunk into a blurred altercation.
Then the mood changed.
Our flexed opponent’s rage subsided upon making eye contact with Michael. The bigger of the two relaxed his posture while his light brown eyes dilated.
“Sorry about that,” he muttered with his face to me but eyes still focused on my new acquaintance.
“It’s fine,” I responded robotically and they shuffled off. My vision cleared up, allowing me to see details along the peripheral edges. Searching Michael’s face produced no explanation. “That was interesting,” I downplayed.
He looked down at me, ignoring my unspoken question. “You alright?” I nodded to answer and he tilted his head toward the register. “Shall we?”
Trisha had returned and was tapping her acrylic, glitter nails impatiently on the keyboard. “I see we found what you were looking for ...” 
“Michael,” I filled in while placing his textbook on her counter so I could return to my job. Saying his name out loud did fluttery things to my stomach. His eyebrows pushed down at the betrayal as I left him in the hands of my plastic coworker, but I’d have to deal with her for the rest of my shift and he had no idea what hell that could be for me. It took every ounce of willpower I had to avoid his glare as she scanned the textbook.
“So ... what are you majoring in, Michael?” Her tongue rolled around his name inappropriately and I couldn’t help but snicker at the overused pick-up line. Otherwise, I pretended not to pay attention. He didn’t encourage her with a reply, but exhaled heavily as he pulled out a leather wallet from his back pocket. “You new to the U?” she probed.
“Not exactly,” he replied, handing her a black credit card.
She improvised, “Good, ‘cuzI am. And I’ve been looking for someone to show me around Anchorage ...” Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Trisha’s glossy lips falling open into her signature pout. I thought it made her look like a duck. She ran his card and took her time looking for a pen, stalling for a response.
“You must have an impressive resume.” He deduced.
“Come again?” Trisha was caught.
“Don’t they typically hold campus jobs for ... seasoned students?”
“Hmm. Guess I got lucky,” she returned, unashamed.
“Sorry, I don’t know of anyone,” he said, finally responding to her fabricated predicament. A flash of light caught my attention. My eyes flicked toward a reflection, which came from his left-hand, busy signing for his purchase. Could he be wearing a wedding ring?
Not wanting to ogle at him, I looked back to my computer screen; which could have featured leprechauns riding unicorns and I wouldn’t have noticed. My stomach cramped as I tried to squeeze out the thought of him belonging to someone else.
Michael accepted the bagged purchase from Trisha, shaking his head at the receipt, and took a step back as if deciding what to do. Trisha and I were both caught by surprise when he muttered, “See you in Psychology, Claire,” and turned to walk away before I could respond. She twirled a strand of hair around her finger and popped a forbidden bubble with her gum in my direction. 
That gave me an idea. “So what did Vitek want?” The best defense was a good offense.
Trisha rolled her eyes and assumed her soapbox posture. “He’s such a putz.” She never missed an opportunity to absorb the spotlight. “If he thinks he can unload all his crappy side-work on us, he’s dead wrong. I don’t get paid enough to ...” I got back to my list but continued to nod and snicker when it seemed appropriate. She shuffled things around, pretending to work, while she vented “... and I don’t care if he has told me a thousand times. That still doesn’t make it a part of my job description!  What’s he gonna do, fire me?”
She thumped some paper on the countertop aligning the corners of the stack. “Good luck training someone else for my position at the beginning of the semester. What an idiot.”
Somehow, I managed to wrap things up in time to clock out, but not before satisfying my curiosity. While Trisha was on break I popped the till open and thumbed through the credit card receipts until I found it. The purchase of a Second Edition Psych text was signed by a Michael D. Kade.


4.  Brandie’s Arrival- MDK


My home was much larger than absolutely necessary, but its location was essential to my way of life. If I lived close to neighbors, they’d notice my inhuman ways and expose our secrets before we could understand them for ourselves. Therefore, having a house tucked away from society was crucial. J-Dub had it secretly built for me in the same fashion of his own house, without permits, so I didn’t even have a postal address.
The private road was almost impossible to find without already knowing its location, not to mention the gated tunnel requiring key access held only by J-Dub and myself. Google earth wouldn’t even expose my location, thanks to the natural camouflage of gigantic tree cover and earth colors of the concrete shingled roof. I was enjoying solitude from the hammock on the master balcony when my twin sister, Brandie, sent me a text.

Why do I only have a
P.O. Box address for you?

I shook my head and responded before she could send a string of texts accusing me of neglect.

Because that’s the
only address I have.
What are you
trying to send?

Myself.

You’re coming
to Anchorage?

I’m already here,
though I don’t know
what I’d tell a cabbie
because my own
brother won’t tell me
where he lives.

Where exactly
are you, sis?

Anchorage International
Airport.

Go hit the coffee shop
 and I’ll be there before
you can finish your
caramel macchiato.

Driving Brandie home from the airport was hilarious. She lingered curbside for a moment, thinking about whether or not she wanted her fingerprints on a car that may be stolen. Perhaps I should’ve taken the Mustang.
I tried not to laugh as I tossed her suitcases in the trunk and slid behind the wheel. She reluctantly took her seat, addressing my physical improvements first, “Good hell, Michael, what have you been doing? Your skin looks better than mine!” I shot her a sideways grin before gunning it. Her grey eyes, just a shade lighter than mine, were wide with confused observation. “And you’ve been working out?! Since when do you work out?”
“Splendid to see you too, sis,” I teased, speeding through a turn as fast as my car would allow without rolling. She practically had a panic attack as I zipped through town with uncanny precision and avoidance of legal detection.
“If you don’t tell me what’s going on Michael David Kade, I swear to God I’ll—”
“Woah, woah, woah,” I raised my hand, palm down, and slowly lowered it in a calming manner, “I don’t even know why you’re in Alaska and you’re pissed that I haven’t divulged my skin care secrets?”
Of course I already knew why she came, but she didn’t know that I could steal her memories just yet. Her arms wove into each other across her chest as she took a deep breath.
“Adam and I broke up.” Brandie’s head fell back against her headrest and despair filled the car as she gazed out her window before continuing, “And there’s no way I could move back in with Dad.” Surprisingly, her thoughts were difficult to read. I assumed since we were related, not to mention twins, that her mind would be perfectly clear to me. Yet, all I could see was a vision she had of herself having to pick up after me in what she thought might be my living quarters; a small apartment from the feel of it.
She was in for a surprise.
I figured I ought to ask for her intentions in a more traditional way. “So you’re asking to move in with me?”
“No,” her chin raised a fraction, “I’m visiting you while deciding what to do with my life.” Her thoughts swarmed with regret over her tone. “If that’s ok with you,” she amended.
“Of course it’s ok,” I assured, easing her remorse, “and I’m sorry to hear about Adam. He seemed like a good guy.”
“Hmmm. It wasn’t meant to be,” she sighed. “But thanks; break-ups suck. Where are you taking me, Michael? I was really just hoping to go straight to your place without a scenic wilderness detour.”
“We are going to my place,” I said with a double lift of my eyebrows at her. We pulled into my private gated tunnel. Her wide eyed look returned as I ran my ring under the scanner. “We have some catching up to do,” I admitted before driving through the opening passage.
Summing up my research with J-Dub and our unexpected results on the way to my house went quite smoothly. Brandie didn’t interrupt once, but sighed while absorbing the details and comparing them against what she’d previously considered impossible. “Do Mom and Dad know?”
“No.” Before I could justify my answer, her wheels went spinning.
“You’re trying to keep them safe.” She was quite the mind reader herself. I did a quick nod to confirm her assumption. If she could convert, it would only be an echo of what she already knew in many cases.
Brandie was considerately calm about my superhuman abilities to heal, move with lightning speed, and read minds. In fact, she freaked out more about the size of my house than her initial reaction to my conversion. Then I realized the direction of her composure.
She thought she’d be able to convert also.
I figured I’d better stop her fantasies about superhuman powers before she got carried away; I already knew it was impossible. After a brief tour of my home, we returned to snatch up her luggage from the entryway. My attempt to ease the news spilled out as I escorted her to one of the guest suites. Well, guest towers would be a more appropriate designation. If she was going to stay any length of time with me I figured opposite ends of my home would be best.
Her end featured a grand master bathroom, mini kitchen in the suite, study, entertainment plaza, and private balcony. She tried to act unimpressed, but her jaw dropped while she mentally formulated an extended stay.
“So J-Dub and I hoped you’d have the G-6 mutation with us being twins and all, but when we tested your blood, it came back normal.”
“What? What are you talking about? That can’t be. Don’t we have the same DNA?” She followed me to the oversized bed in the center of her rounded tower room and watched me place her things on top of it. Her heart rate sped up. “And when did you test my blood?!”
“Only identical twins have the same DNA, not fraternal twins.” I laid back on the maroon chaise in her room, attempting to return to the relaxed state she’d interrupted earlier.
“How did you test my blood, Michael?” She didn’t believe me. 
“We were anxious to find out if you could convert once we discovered it was linked to a blood related mutation. Yet, I couldn’t exactly call you up and ask you to send me a blood sample without you freaking out.” Her eyebrows lowered. “What, you’d willingly oblige if I told you to send me your blood?”
“Ok, I might have been … suspicious, but you still should have asked. Stop beating around the bush. How did you get it?”
“I pricked your finger while you were sleeping.”
“When?!”
“You were visiting Dad for Christmas break.”
“You’ve known since Christmas?”
“Well, I wasn’t sure what I knew, and I wasn’t exactly in a position to try and explain anything, sis.”
“So I get to be normal while you run around like some superhero.”
“You’ll always have superhuman good looks,” a private joke between twins but for once, flattery had no effect on her mood.
“Stellar.” She was still pouting. Even worse, she started thinking about her breakup scene with her ex. She surprised him at work only to find his assistant being naughty under his desk. Damn. I felt sorry for her. What a jerk.
I had to do something. “Alight, let’s go.”
“Go where? We just got here,” she whined while switching her heels out for some flat shoes from her suitcase. I didn’t bother responding, knowing she’d follow me anyway. The sound of her footsteps behind me confirmed my assumption and I led her back to the garage.
We took the Hummer this time, to an amazing overhang on the backside of a mountain in my backyard. I’d retrieved my old set of clubs from the trunk and was opening her door for her before she could even undo her seatbelt. Her brain tried to make sense of my speed. “That’s really annoying, you know.”
“Sorry.” I scooped her up in my arms and sped through the forest to my spot. After sitting her down I began running in circles, creating my own little whirlwind as I picked up rocks and pinecones.
In less than five minutes, the pile of nature’s golf balls was almost as tall as my sulking sister sitting beside it. Randomly grabbing a club from the bag, I extended her the first swing invitation. “Ladies first,” I offered. She sneered at me in disapproval as if she had no interest in participating. “Oh c’mon sis. You know you wanna.”
“Hey, is that Dad’s old set?” I nodded as she recalled our teenage years, hitting balls off Dad’s roof. She considered my offer for a moment then returned to her unbearable state of depression and jealousy.
Brandie was rarely ever disadvantaged. 
“I’d rather go take a nap.” She stood up to leave but stumbled over a twig and would have crashed if I hadn’t caught her.
“Looks like you could use a V-8,” Her eyes shot daggers at me. “With some vodka,” I added, earning a half smile, “and some strychnine.” I was her pesky brother after all. She shoved me off and reached behind me toward the bag.
“Give me a damn club,” she grumbled. Hooking the end of her club around one of the pinecones, she pulled it away from the others and tapped it into position. Her stance wasn’t half bad. Thwap! Her hand went up to her forehead, shielding her eyes so she could attempt follow the little pinecone’s air trail.
I watched with perfect clarity as it sailed through the sky, barely slowing before striking an old birch and spooking all the critters around it.
“I think I cleared that entire hill over there!” Her spunk made me smile.
“That was pretty far. You been practicing?” She shot me a knowing crusty look and hooked a rock out of the pile. “Someone’s been helping you with your form.”
“Don’t you know it’s rude to talk in someone’s backswing?” Thwap! She was feeling better already. Her mood had become much easier to absorb. Nature and golf was a therapeutic combination. “So why are you still in school? Weren’t you supposed to graduate last year?”
I shook my head. “I couldn’t graduate without some psych classes if I wanted to participate in J-Dub’s research, so I’m drawing my stay at the U out a little longer.” I rested up against a tree while she helped herself to another rock. The thought of my psych class stirred up the idea of seeing Claire again.
“School started already for fall, hasn’t it? Why aren’t you on campus? Don’t you have classes to attend?”
“I had to pick my sister up at the airport.”
“You’re hiding something from me.”
“No. I’m not.”
“Yes you are; I know that smile. And it’s not just something; it’s a girl isn’t it?” Sometimes I hated how well she knew me. I couldn’t tell her about Claire, though. I barely knew the girl, yet I had every intention of resolving that.


5. Psych- Claire


Psychology was about the same size as my Astronomy class last year, which I preferred. The auditorium setting that inevitably set the stage for general classes like math and English felt impersonal and overwhelming. A row of small windows lined the top of the far wall allowing for natural light without the distraction of a view.
I assessed the available seat-desk-combos and took one in the second row, but my heart sank as I eyed the students and realized he wasn’t there yet. The potential of an exciting class was morphing into another boring lecture hour. I tried to convince myself it was for the better; I needed to be able to focus anyway if I was going to maintain my 4.0.
Professor Grewe rushed through the door and frantically searched for the clock. Once she saw that it was 1:58, she exhaled and slowed to a normal pace with her two minutes to spare. After unloading her things, she scrawled her name and course information on the board with inconsistent font. Then she finger-combed her short blond hair and turned to face the class.
Our fragile facilitator took a deep breath and, while scooping up a large stack of packets, said, “Good afternoon class, I’m Melissa Grewe, and this is Psychology 101. For those of you who don’t already have your books, you’ll need the second edition of the text listed in the syllabus.” A few groans escaped the class as she began setting papers at the head of each row. “Sorry for any confusion,” she admitted.
The classroom door clicked open during a moment of silence and naturally, everyone’s attention turned toward the interruption. My stomach flipped the same way it did when I was called to speak in class.
It had to be him.
I adjusted my posture, smoothed out my hair, and focused intensely on the packet being handed back to me. Images of the girls I noticed in class flashed through my mind. The voluptuous brunette who sat behind me, the wispy blonde with an obnoxious laugh, the self-righteous hippie chick to my left ... why was I comparing myself against their qualities? This was absurd. He was probably married anyway. Married and in college, that should be illegal.
The intruder made his way to the empty seat at my right as I tried to think of a clever, casual greeting; but my daydream deflated when I looked over at the noisy latecomer. He smiled and jerked his shaved head back as if to say, “What’s up?” when he caught my glance. I managed a sympathy half-smile to reward his enthusiasm. “I’m Tyler.”
“Claire.”
“Wow, are you wearing contacts?” He leaned in for a closer look.
Immediately flinching back I answered, “No, why?” He was kind of cute in a casual, unrefined way. I had a feeling he didn’t normally exude such a high level of confidence.
“Your eyes are amazing; like, too blue to be natural.”
“Oh.” I said shyly. “Thanks.”
Our instructor finished handing out her packets. “Okay class, as you can see in the syllabus, this course is broken down into units. Each unit will require class participation, individual labs, reading assignments, and a quiz. The curriculum on page two gives a brief description of ...” and my fall semester had officially begun—without my fantasy bookstore romance.
Before I knew it, I would be juggling essays and lab assignments so I took advantage of the first couple of filler days to zone out and practice some drawing techniques I’d learned in high school.
As I waited for class to begin on Friday, my daydreams continued to leak into my notebook with No. 2 lead. Just a little more shadow against the bookshelf here, and darker lines through his hair there. I wished I could see him again to complete the picture more accurately.
“Oh you can call me Mel, and you haven’t missed much,” I overheard the nervousness in Professor Grewe’s voice as students staggered in. “We’re just starting the first unit today. Here’s a copy of the syllabus, and,” she paused for a moment, “do you have the text yet?”
“Yes, ma’am, I was able to pick up the second edition from the campus bookstore,” replied the attractive voice as if it spoke directly from my illustration. I immediately closed my orange spiral to smother the evidence. General Psychology just got a lot more interesting.
“Okay, great. Well, you should be all set then if you’d like to take a seat,” she fidgeted with her hair self-consciously, “It looks like there are a couple to choose from.” I pretended to read the novel that was now on top of my spiral.
“Thank you professor,” he replied respectfully and headed my way. “Is this seat taken?” My head snapped up to catch his devilish grin. “Hello Claire.” His voice made my pulse spike.
I crossed my ankles and opened my mouth to respond, but nothing came out. I could have stared at his wickedly perfect features for an eternity. He took the seat next to me without waiting for my reply while I tried to remember how to speak. It disturbed me that I couldn’t smell him from where I sat.
I forced my eyes to the front where our fearless leader seemed lost in her notes, hoping it would be easier to talk if I wasn’t looking at him. “Nice of you to join us,” I said with more sarcasm than intended.
“I don’t waste my time with intro days,” he spoke with a hint of arrogance. The other seats slowly filled up with more females closer to me than usual.
Busty, the brunette, perched herself on top of the desk in front of me to strike up a conversation with our new addition. My nose found its way back to the print on page 33, but my eyes snuck back up in an attempt to burn holes in the perfect thigh just inches from my face. I could see him being interested if he liked the tall, curvy, flawless, exotic type.
His voice interrupted my thoughts saying, “Thanks, but I ate just before class.” Why hadn’t I been paying attention? Had she asked him out already? Man, she was fast. I wished class would start. What the hell was Grewe doing?
“Hmmmm, pity. Perhaps coffee later? There’s a brew shop on the nines that’s very ... intimate.” She stroked the seam of her jeans that ran up her crossed leg. Yeeesh, she was coming on strong.
“I appreciate the offer, Vanessa, but my schedule’s pretty full,” he rebutted again.
“Excuse me,” an annoyed voice spooked ‘Vanessa’ who hopped off the desk with a scoff.
“Maybe another time,” she said rhetorically, and made her way back to her usual seat behind me.
Sliding into the now unoccupied desk in front of me, my new friend with the shaved head, whose name I desperately fought to remember, asked, “How’s it going, Claire?”
“Not bad, you?” Tyler. That’s what it was. My peripheral vision noted Michael’s attention to our conversation. 
“I’m freakin’ spectacular. Did I miss anything?”
“No, we haven’t even started yet. Grewe’s about as punctual as you are.” His jaw dropped in mock offense. Then he stuck out his tongue and crossed his eyes, which made me laugh with a volume that surprised even me. It also caught the professor’s attention, who looked up from her laptop.
“We’ll begin in just a moment, folks. Go ahead and pull out a pen and paper; we’re going to take a brief survey.”
“Could I borrow a piece of paper?” Michael asked in my direction while tapping a pen on his desk. Tyler turned his back to me as if dismissed from my attention. His posture shifted like he was irritated by the handsome newcomer who’d stolen his normal seat. I felt a pang of guilt.
Michael raised his eyebrows a fraction when I found the courage to look his way. “What’s wrong with yours?” I questioned, eying the black notepad on his desk. His left hand, which rested on top of it, still pen tapping, modeled a bold ring around his index finger. The others were bare—which I found disturbingly relieving.
The ring he did wear was unlike anything I’d ever seen. It was a wide platinum band filled with black metal, encasing a rectangular, reflective window that seemed to be holographic, like an endless maze of red squares within squares. My eyes refused to look away until his voice broke my concentration.
“I want one of yours,” he said as if trying not to smile. I wondered how anyone could ever tell him ‘no.’ It seemed like every girl in the room was locked on our conversation and two of them whispered while giggling too loudly for the setting.
Afraid that my spiral might reveal earlier daydreams, I clicked open a three ring binder from my backpack and slid a few sheets over the prongs. As I placed them in his expectant hand, my seat lurched forward. “Oh, I’m ... so ... sorry,” Busty from behind me lied, seeming to suppress a snicker.
My cheeks burned with anger. I had no idea how to respond to her immaturity so I just shook my head at her in disgust and returned to my novel, mercifully unaddressed for the rest of class. In fact, once I heard the words, “so that concludes our day,” from Professor Grewe’s desk, I threw my backpack over my shoulder and was out the door before anyone else had even stirred to pack up. I thought I heard my name called by ... Tyler? But couldn’t shake the automatic flight response I had already embraced.
The Psychology drama would need to be forgotten, or at least dealt with another day. I had to pick up my paycheck from the bookstore since it wouldn’t be directly deposited into my checking account for the first pay period. They were supposed to be ready for us that afternoon. Fortunately, it wasn’t too far out of my way home.
As soon as I rounded the corner of the bookstore though, I saw Neil standing against the building. I guess I shouldn’t really call him my “ex,” but we did go out a few times last spring. I think he stopped calling me to pursue ... easier alternatives. Regardless, there was something about seeing him there unexpectedly that made my adrenaline kick in.
His face lit up at my arrival and he pushed off the wall to meet me. “I heard you were working here,” he admitted while hugging me too tight.
“Hello Neil,” I said without encouragement. “I’m just here to grab my check.” He pulled the glass door open for me.
“I was actually waiting for my study ... partner ... but I think I got stood up!” He laughed at his own joke and followed me to the front desk. Trisha’s eyes lit up as she took him in.
“Hey Trisha, do you know where we’re supposed to pick up our paychecks?”
“Ya, Viteck’s got ‘em in his office. Who’s your friend?”
“Oh, sorry. Trisha, this is Neil. We ... met at a hockey game last semester.” She smiled then looked him over with her seduction duck face. “Neil, Trisha.” The attraction was obviously mutual and I was grotesquely reminded why I lost interest in him.
“Nice to meet you, Trisha.” 
“Nice to meet you,” she returned without suppressing any excitement.
“I’d better go get my check. Catch you guys later.” I was actually grateful for Trisha’s overactive hormones which let me off the hook. As I walked away I overheard Neil making his move.
“This afternoon didn’t work out with me and my study date. You get off anytime soon?”
“Well that depends ...”
I made sure to avoid the front desk on my way back out. As I opened the door to leave, a gust of wind blew it right out of my hands and it took me a moment to push it shut again. I couldn’t believe how cold it was for August in Anchorage.
It had been a rough day, an emotional day. After depositing my paycheck, I resolved to cuddle up on the back porch with my laptop, favorite blanket, and debit card. Somewhere out there was the perfect eye-mask for the party next weekend and, although I didn’t necessarily enjoy shopping, I was happy for the distraction.
“Hey girl,” Stella came through the French doors with two tall plastic cups. “Whatcha up to?”
I sighed. “Looking for a mask for next Saturday. You get one yet?”
“Ya, I ordered it this morning with expedited shipping. Wanna see?” She placed one of the translucent plastic blue cups next to my laptop and sat by me on the wicker loveseat.
“Of course I do.” I turned my laptop on the glass tabletop for her to use. “What’s this?” I asked while picking up the drink she delivered.
“Something new.” She typed excitedly on my computer while I sniffed at the drink; it was definitely alcoholic. “It’s Friday,” she looked at me over her shoulder. “Just try it.”
It hit my tongue like a carbonated lemonade with a kick. “Yum.” 
“Told you,” she said with a smile. “Here it is.” As she turned the screen back to me, I could see why she was so excited. The lacey red eye-mask was bold and very feminine.
“That’s so ... you.”
“I know, right?” 
“What are you wearing?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” she said teasingly. “I’ve got a red dress that’ll knock your socks off.” She scooted back enough to sit Indian-style on our little couch.
“So what’s wrong?” She asked matter-of-factly, picking up her own blue cup.
“Dumb chick drama.” Her eyes lit up. I rarely had drama in my life. We talked about my malicious classmate in psychology, the run-in with Neil, and the obnoxious scene with him and Trisha, while I searched for my mask online.
She gave me some entertaining suggestions on how to deal with Vanessa, but of course, I didn’t have her audacious personality and would never go through with any of them. “What about this one?” I turned the screen again to Stella. “Too much?”
“No,” she leaned in for a closer look. “That’s definitely the one.”


6. Green Thumb- Claire


My teeth sunk into a croissant, pepper jack, bacon, egg, and sausage masterpiece cleverly crafted by the lovely Stella. She joyfully continued to flip and scramble at the stovetop while singing along with the radio. 
In-between her songs I asked, “Do you have any idea what this did to me over the summer?” 
“Wudduya mean, darlin’?”
“I totally went through withdrawals. I was like a ... Pavlov dog, salivating for your latest invention every Saturday, but forced to settle for something lame like cereal.”
“I’m sure you’re capable of learning if you’d get in here with me.”
“Capable? Possibly.” I took a sip of orange juice then placed the thick glass back down on the table. “But motivated enough to get up before my ravenous appetite on a weekend? Not likely.” My right thumb traced the rectangular pattern etched into my orange juice glass, triggering a flash back to the dream I’d had the night before.
In the dream, I was seeing through the eyes of a child; no, I was a baby. My little fingers explored the outline of a rectangular design on a watch or bracelet worn by the person holding me. It was dimly lit but I felt safe.
The person carrying me talked to a man with happy eyes that focused on mine while he spoke. Behind him an odd light fixture was surrounded by a hazy blue glow that swirled like rising smoke. My carrier turned and I was suddenly inches away from another baby who had curly blond hair. She squealed with delight and copied my strained efforts to reach the other baby.
I was so close I could almost touch her hand, when my fingers flattened against something cold and hard. Little indents marked where my knuckles should have been on my chubby hands. I smacked the hard obstacle in my way, but it wouldn’t budge.
The other baby looked just as disappointed as I was. The person carrying me shifted again and the man with happy eyes had turned to walk away. There was something black on the back of his neck. It looked like a tattoo.
The harder I fought to remember the details of the dream, the more it felt like deja-vu. Then it hit me; I’d had the dream before. I’d actually dreamt it many times before, but not since middle school.
I shook my head in an attempt to erase the confusion as Emma popped in to the kitchen. “What smells so good?”
My thoughts returned to the present. “Stella’s exercising her culinary creativity.”
“Bacon, sausage, or both Em?” She asked, still facing the stove with a hand on her hip.
“Definitely both.” Emma joined me at the table but almost missed her seat when someone pounded on our front door.
“Oh!” Stella partially wiped her hands on a red towel and shot though the kitchen to answer it. Her accent befriended our visitor with a “Howdy.” 
“Stella Berdeaux?” I pictured a delivery man thanking his route for a chance to talk to a girl like her.
“Mm-hmm, that’s me.” After the sound of shuffling papers and a wish to have a nice day, she reappeared with a little box, beaming, “It’s here!”
I couldn’t believe her mask had already arrived. She grabbed scissors from our knife set with her free hand to open it. “Sorry Em, your breakfast will have to wait a sec. I have to get this out before it suffocates.”
A smidge of jealousy wrapped itself around my stomach to think that they both had their masks for the party already. I prepared to put my excited face on for Stella, but instead of a red accessory, she pulled out a pile of short plant vines. “Your philodendrons, Claire! I can’t believe my Mom got ‘em out here so fast.” 
“I thought you were kidding about the whole plant thing.”
“Oh c’mon. I’ll help you plant ‘em. I even have potting soil we can use, but you should grab a couple pots while you’re at the store today.”
Sometimes you had to let Stella have her glory. “That was sweet of your Mom.”
“Right?” She pulled two short glasses from the cupboard and began to fill them with water.
“Tell her thanks.” 
“I will. But she’s gonna want to know what you named ‘em.”
“What?” I accidently spoke with my mouth full. 
“I told her about how you name everything,” she explained. I guess I did have a tendency to do that. I studied the healthy leaves as she delicately placed their gnarly roots into water and felt no inspiration whatsoever. Noting my blank stare, she paused, “Maybe it’ll come to you when we get ‘em planted,” she allowed.
After breakfast, Emma and I made our way across the front porch and down the stairs. “Thanks for coming with me,” I said as our steps reached the sidewalk. One of the benefits of living in our neighborhood was the abundance of mature trees. They were tall enough to shelter pedestrians from the weather and, on this day, the sun.
Positioning her large sunglasses on her face, Em replied, “No problem, I need to pick up a few things anyway.”
We made it to the end of our street and could already see the grocery store a few blocks down when I realized we hadn’t had a chance to talk about school yet. “So, how are your classes?”
We came to a stop before crossing the street. “Pretty good. My friend Lindsay’s in my English class, she’s the setter on our volleyball team. Anyway, it was nice to know someone in my first huge class.” After the last car in a string of traffic passed by, we made our way across.
“That’s cool. Where does she live?”
“Oh she’s in one of the residence halls. Lindsay’s the one who invited us to the Masquerade thing this weekend, said there was a flyer for it on their board or something.”
We talked about our professors and first week events as we made it through the parking lot and into the antiquated grocery store. Though kept clean, you could tell it had been around longer than we had. The aisles were barely large enough for people to pass each other with grocery carts. Emma and I grabbed hand baskets. Starting off in different directions I asked, “You wanna just meet back up front?”
“Ya, see you in a sec.” She replied and then bounced away in the other direction.
Once I couldn’t possibly fit another item in my basket, I turned for the registers. Emma’s light yellow curls stood out in the line of customers at the only open cashier. Having a grocery store within walking distance was great, but this one was always understaffed and overpriced. I adjusted my grip on the heavy green hand basket and realized I should have used a cart. Surely the guy behind Em wouldn’t mind if I joined her in line.
Getting closer, I recognized him as well. Emma and Stu were engaged in a conversation as I walked up and overheard him ask, “See my friend over there in the brown hoodie?” Her eyes found Jack and she nodded. Stu continued, “He wants to know if you think I’m cute.”
Emma giggled at his pick up line and I laughed at his huge ego, startling them both. Stu casually greeted me with, “’Sup Claire,” but didn’t fool me; I saw his cheeks turn red. Emma’s eyebrows shot up awaiting her introduction.
“Stu, this is my new roommate, Emmalynne.” He stepped back allowing me to cut in line. “Em, Stewart.”
“Hi,” she said through a smile. 
“Nice to finally meet you Emma.” His voice cracked like he was ten years younger.
I shook my head at him as we moved forward in line. Em and I unloaded our hand baskets onto the conveyor belt as Jack joined us, becoming the new tail of our line. At that point, Stu took over introductions and I examined my two little planters, which distracted him as well. “So what are you ladies up to this weekend?” His head cocked to the side like he’d never seen a pot.
“We’re testing out Claire’s green thumb.” Emma informed him without permission.
“Growing anything ... unusual?” Stu joked as he took a hit from an invisible joint and pretended to pass it back to Jack. He pinched the phantom object and nodded ‘thanks’.
“Oh yeah, philodendrons really liven up a party,” I answered, embarrassed by my friends. The busy cashier patiently waited for me to realize I was up and I swiftly ran my card through the reader.
Once we were all checked out, Jack and Stu helped us carry our groceries home and overstayed their welcome so Stu could gawk at Emma. Her enchanted eyes revealed that she didn’t mind being the center of attention.
Stella and I overheard them joking around from out on the deck about freshman initiations while we planted her little vines. The stubborn dirt under my fingernails refused to wash out, making me grateful I wasn’t raised on a farm or something. After watering our new plants in their fresh soil, she tapped her fingers on the counter.
“So?” She asked, gesturing to our new houseplants. “What are their names?”
“Oh. Right.” I took in a deep breath and held up the one with white on some of its leaves. “This guy looks like a Herbert.” She laughed as I set him down and examined the frumpy one. “His buddy here should be an ‘H’ too. Maybe Hulga.”
“Perfect!” Stella picked up her phone and went to work with her thumbs. “My mom will get a kick out of that.”


7. Check Here- Claire


Michael didn’t even acknowledge me on Monday. He came to class late as if in a trance. Not that he was rude, but he certainly wasn’t friendly. His vacant eyes glossed over as his body went through all the appropriate motions devoid of any emotion. It was almost as if he’d sent a droid in his place. Without saying a word to anyone, he left ten minutes early, interrupting Professor Grewe.
When he strolled in late on Wednesday I wanted to talk, but didn’t have the guts to strike up a conversation in the middle of class. Was it childish to pass him a note?
The notion was ridiculous.
What could I possibly write? I reminisced on the grade-school days when we took a more direct approach. Back then it would have gone something like this:

Check here if you want to be friends.
Check this box if you want to be more.
Check this one if you hate my guts.

I wondered if he figured out who I reminded him of and lost interest. At least Tyler was still friendly and Vanessa left me alone.
Friday afternoon Michael strutted into class like a runway model as usual, only he carried extra cargo. At first, it looked like a black bowling ball against his hip, but when he stuffed it into the compartment under his seat, it made a plastic clunky sound that caught me by surprise. Then it registered.
“What’s with the helmet?” I asked as if we’d been talking every day.
“I took my bike to school today,” he replied with an isn’t-it-obvious underdone.
I tried to picture him on a bicycle and the image made me laugh out loud. His eyebrows came together signaling I’d given an inappropriate response. He was about to reply when Busty the Brunette from behind me slithered into our conversation.
“What kind of bike do you have?” She leaned forward eagerly. Michael shifted his shoulders and turned his chin in her direction, but before he could respond, she continued, “A friend of mine has a bullet bike. It’s a CBR ... 900? He drives it like a complete maniac but it’s actually quite exhilarating.”
Motorcycles, duh. 
“That’s a nice ride,” he seemed to respond out of courtesy. Not knowing anything on the subject I wished I’d brought a novel to get lost in. Where on earth was Professor Grewe?
“You know, it’s been a while since I got to hop on the back of a bike,” Busty hinted. I couldn’t see her, but sensed she was unleashing the powers of a female with perfect curves.
At last, our professor whirled into class and, in an attempt to make up for her truancy, spoke hyper-speed demanding everyone’s immediate attention. I was quickly consumed in her lecture about personality development and disorders. We flew through a chapter’s worth of information, which I tried to capture in my spiral notebook, when Professor Grewe brought the lecture to a close and suggested we study for next week’s quiz.
“Do you have time for a ride?” Michael asked before I could finish copying Grewe’s last slide. I looked sideways to meet his eyes.
“Um ...” I was searching for an easy out when I spotted his bulky accessory. “I don’t have a helmet,” I responded without answering his question and continued writing.
“Don’t worry, I carry a back-up.” He smiled as if he’d won the argument. Busty was overly aggressive with the assembly of her belongings behind me and kicked the leg of my desk on her way out.
“Where would I put my books?” I countered as I closed my notebook. It was more of a statement than a question. Thankfully, I hadn’t worn my backpack.
“That’s what saddle bags are for.”
I considered his response and was suddenly frightened that I might actually have to get on the back of a motorcycle that afternoon. “Let’s go,” he said confidently as students made their way out of the classroom around us.
He headed for the door without waiting for my reply and my body responded against my will. I picked up my books and followed him before I could really make up my mind to do so. He held the door open for me casually, as if we were an old married couple, and I made my way through it as if I had no idea who he was. I thought I heard him laugh.
We walked the distance of the parking lot without a word and, when we made it to his motorcycle, he simply held out his hand for my books. I watched him zip and buckle them in a black leather pouch as warnings flashed through my head. Motorcycles were dangerous. I didn’t even know where he planned on taking me.
“As per your request,” he said, handing me a dull black helmet and swung his leg over the motorcycle. The helmet seemed to fit, but made me feel top-heavy and obtrusive.
Michael inserted his key but, before starting the engine, said, “It looks good on you,” with a satisfied smile. I returned his smile sarcastically and the beast roared to life. He reached behind his leg to flip out a peg on either side of the motorcycle, which I assumed were for my feet, and motioned with a tip of his head for me to get on. So I placed a hand on his shoulder for stability and swung my leg over the back.
I was sitting up against the perfect creature from my Psychology class and, for safety reasons, had to secure my arms around his torso. All I had to do was “hold tight.” Done.
Slowing to a stop at the end of the parking lot forced me to squeeze my legs against him to prevent my body from slamming into his. He didn’t flinch. I wondered how many other passengers he’d had. My fear was replaced with excitement while the machine below us rumbled, then revved up when we took off.
We looped around campus and up to Glen Highway in no time. As we drove, I took in the stretch of sky where clouds bubbled over the top but flattened underneath, like they were pressed against a dome encapsulating our county. Trees seemed larger than usual lining both sides of the road, but they were dwarfed by the majestic Chugach Mountains behind them. Strange how much was hidden by the walls of a car. I guessed motorcycles were a rarity in Anchorage because of the short duration of time the weather actually permitted for such transportation.
Michael slowed to take an exit, forcing me to consider what it would be like to peel away from him. But as soon as he got off the highway, we were getting right back on, only headed back the way we came. I figured the point was the ride, after all. We didn’t really have a destination. Yet we didn’t take the exit we should have to get back to campus.
A wave of uneasiness crept over me as we started heading south on the Seward; I wondered if he planned on staying in Anchorage. Those worries were put to rest when he took the O’Malley exit, but I still had no clue what he had planned. We didn’t speak during the entire ride until we pulled up to the Alaska Zoo. 
“You’re taking me to the zoo?”
“Hold on,” he ordered, and I was glad for the head’s up as we hit the curb to the parking lot. We pulled into a stall and he killed the engine. “Yes,” he chuckled, “I’m taking you to the zoo.”
My legs felt a little stiff from the ride and I didn’t even want to imagine what my hair looked like after removing the gaudy helmet. He secured both helmets to the back of his motorcycle and asked, “Is there a problem with the zoo?” When he looked at me for a response, I lost my vocal ability again. His hypnotic eyes held a secret. It wasn’t fair. I was just waiting for him to tell me the real reason we were spending time together. 
“No it’s just ... random I guess.” My fingers combed through a few winded knots in my hair. “I’ve never been to this zoo.” We started heading to the entrance of the facility.
“Well, what’s the zoo like where you’re from?”
A quick exhale escaped my lips as I considered this unlikely setting. “Like any other zoo I guess. I don’t think I’ve been since I was a kid.”
“Then it sounds like this visit is long overdue. Consider this ... an experiment.” He looked down at me, exposing a dimple I’d never noticed, like what he said was tremendously funny. “Besides, our zoo has live music on Friday nights.” I figured that was code for a bird presentation of some sort, until I heard what sounded like a blues band playing in the distance.
Tilting my head at him curiously triggered his dimple to resurface. How had I missed that feature before? After paying our admission, he led me through the gates and started heading left until a display caught my attention.
“Will we have time to see the Polar Bears?” The child in me had taken over. His face lit up at my interest and he took my hand to lead me through the exhibit. My whole body warmed at the gesture. His hand clasped mine firmly as if to ensure that it was intentional.
Our footsteps were the only sounds echoing through the underwater display. Being alone with him was strangely comfortable. As we made our way to the glass I saw no movement from within the tank and sighed in disappointment, “I guess they aren’t swimming today.”
“It’s a nice day. I wouldn’t give up just yet.” His focus on the water seemed deeply concentrated as an enormous white mammal lazily slumped into the waters. It was beautiful and mesmerizing. Time slipped by unnoticed as we observed our furry friend, and I realized I had unconsciously put my hand up against the glass, almost as if I was expecting him to come give me a high-five or something.
I shook my head slowly. “He’s amazing,” I admitted. Michael had a smirk on his face that only hinted at the dimple now. The giant bear dove once more and swam right up to the glass as if he felt our presence. He seemed to make eye-contact with me before swimming away. It was unreal. “Did you want to go check out that band?” I reluctantly offered.
“We probably should before they wrap it up. Besides, I think we still might be able to get a burger from the cafe.”
My stomach growled on cue; I had forgotten about food. “That sounds great, actually. I’m starving.”
We made our way through a few groups of people crowding around what appeared to be a concert right in the middle of the zoo. I couldn’t believe it. There was a stage, lights, back screens, the whole set up—at the zoo. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d seen a blues band, and this one was incredible.
After loading up our meal from the cafe, we miraculously found an open table bordering the event. I took a sip from the drink he’d placed in front of me and was relieved at the familiar taste of root beer.
“What do you think?” He asked before taking a bite of his burger.
I glanced around us and took another sip before answering, “I think I’ve been missing out.” The plastic tri-fold on the table caught my attention with a colorful flyer. It was a list of next Friday’s bands: Astro Inferno, Rage on Sight, and BlueStack.
Michael watched me pick it up for closer examination. “Heard they’re all pretty good, if you wanna come back next week.”
He wanted to hang out again? “Sounds like fun,” I tried to respond nonchalantly.
He changed the subject. “So where in Colorado are you from?”
“How’d you know I’m from Colorado?”
He fidgeted with his napkin. “I thought I overheard you say that to Tyler the other day. You’re a Broncos fan, right?”
“Oh. Ya, I am.” So, he hadn’t been ignoring me. I’d ordered chicken fingers despite his burger recommendation because they seemed less ... catastrophic. As I dipped one in a little white paper cup of sauce, I answered his question, “I’m from Aurora,” and took a bite. The tender chicken practically melted in my mouth. “I even considered going to school in Fort Collins before I applied to Alaska. How about you?”
 “I’m Canadian, actually. But I’ve lived here almost five years.” He sipped on his drink then swiveled it around making the ice inside swirl.  “I’d have graduated last semester if J-Du . . er ... Dr. Watkins hadn’t talked me into changing my course of study.” He set his drink down and took another bite of his burger as if looking for a distraction.
“How so?”
He swallowed. “Well, in order to assist him with his ... research project ... I had to get some psychology credits on my transcript.”
“Any chance you might elaborate?”
He shook his head, “I’d tell you, but then I’d have to kill you.” Oh brother. He winked at me and looked toward the stage, effectively closing the conversation. 


8. Diverted- MDK


Brandie’s ex, Adam, apparently realized what he had lost and flew to Anchorage in an attempt to win her back. If I didn’t have a sneaking suspicion that she was still in love with him I would have made him turn right back around. At least she was smart enough not to tell him where I lived but, of course, this made my job as the big brother more difficult because I spent most of my free time following him or at least his thoughts to ensure he was behaving himself.
Surprisingly, his little escapade was a single event instigated by a girl who’d been after him since she’d been hired. He was too worried about hurting her feelings to put her in line, but one day she took it too far and he gave into temptation. Brandie happened to walk in at the worst possible moment. Did he deserve my sister? Probably not. But he did have a good heart and beat himself up mercilessly over the event. If she did give him a second chance I had the feeling he’d spend the rest of their relationship trying to make it up to her. 
Monday I was back to autopilot as I kept tabs on Adam. I couldn’t even enjoy being in class with Claire as I’d like to have, but was only there long enough to get points for attendance.
On Wednesday I noticed Tyler taking advantage of my preoccupation and he was gaining confidence in his quest to ask Claire out. I couldn’t allow myself to loose focus, though.
By Friday, Adam had run out of vacation days and had to go back, allowing me the freedom to steal Claire’s attention back. It only took a small amount of subliminal persuasion to convince her to go for a ride with me after class. She probably could have been talked into it otherwise, but my selfish desires were impatient.
With no plan or destination in mind we hit the highway. Thoughts of other drivers came back with typical afternoon mindsets. They focused on things like shopping lists, daycare, and to-do items within their various households.
I was enjoying the way Claire’s arms wrapped around me like she was holding on for dear life when I thought I noticed someone following us. Another thought-scan confirmed that nobody within a mile radius was thinking about the couple on a motorcycle, other than mere observations of our existence. Still, it felt like we were being followed. A black sports car kept its distance behind us but seemed to shadow our route. The fact that I couldn’t pick up on a view from its dashboard was unsettling, like the driver was a robot or something.
Testing my theory, I slowed for the next exit and took my time leaving the highway. The sports car turned out to be a Ferrari; something you didn’t see in Anchorage every day.  It sped right past the exit, but I had an odd sense that we should head the other direction just in case. As much as I enjoyed being near Claire, the way her presence clouded my judgment was disturbing. We didn’t speak during the entire ride until we pulled up to the Alaska Zoo. 
Her first words since we left campus rolled over my shoulder, “You’re taking me to the zoo?”
“Hold on,” I said as we hit the curb to the parking lot. We pulled into a stall and I killed the engine. “Yes, I’m taking you to the zoo,” I answered. She reluctantly dismounted my Harley and I strapped our helmets down. “Is there a problem with the zoo?” I asked, seeming to stump her with the question.
“No it’s just ... random I guess.” She didn’t seem to appreciate the biology behind the walls of our local facility until we made it through the front gates. I found it interesting that she was drawn to one of the only species therein that could communicate with me; the polar bears. The way she reacted to their presence was almost as if she could communicate with them also.
She surprised me again with her love for blues once we found our table along the perimeter of the event. Noticing the flyer on the table for future bands, I offered to take her back to the next show. However, a strange recollection of our freeway follower made me feel uneasy about future plans.
When we pulled up to Claire’s house afterward, the swarm of mingling thoughts was overwhelming, but I quickly sorted through them before killing the engine. Many signals were already imbalanced and difficult to read through the alcohol, especially when listening through her roommate. Stella had already reached her limit and should have called it a night.
Most others were harmless, social desires. A couple guys were pretty well synced as often happens when people play music together. Their instruments echoed their thoughts which were combined quite artistically; resulting in a catchy harmony.
Then I heard Wade; a student at the U who’d never done anything serious, but had lurking desires which could easily become harmful with the right stimulation. Having access to other’s mindsets opened my scope of reality to a much wilder view.
People’s minds were far more warped than the public could ever imagine, we’ve all just learned to act through a series of filters. Typically, these filters included morals, social norms, other people’s feelings, potential legal consequences, etc. Some of us simply use more filters, or more sophisticated filters than others.
Wade didn’t care for filters unless they could manipulate others to get what he wanted. His head was mapped out quite similarly to those I heard coming from the other side of the legal system—the ones that were locked up. Many brilliant minds in there, but very, very dark. The rules they set for themselves were deranged and skewed. The fact that one of these lurked within Claire’s house had me questioning whether I should drop her off or take her with me.
I cut the engine. “Having a party?”
Claire got off my bike and stood on the grass. “Looks that way. Wanna come in?”
I’d love to come in, just long enough to haul that creep out with me before I have to meet with J-Dub. I snapped her chinstrap open and removed her dull black helmet before answering. “I would, but I’ve got a meeting in 25 minutes.”
“Oh. Well thanks for the ride. That was really fun.” She seemed like she meant it. As I got her books out from the saddle bags, Wade’s thoughts hit me with an image of Stella. He couldn’t take his eyes off her chest and she was too intoxicated to notice that he wasn’t paying attention to their conversation.
Instead, he allowed himself to daydream about what he was going to do to her later. The people around them weren’t people, just obstacles. She seemed to welcome his attention, though, and even imagined a few fantasies of Wade. Sometimes my interpretations made things feel worse than they were. I decided to let it go.
 “Yeah, it was nice,” I agreed. “Too bad the weather won’t let me keep her on the road much longer.”
“Her?” She smiled. “So, what’s her name?” 
Random. I’d never thought about naming my motorcycle. I heard of guys naming their boats and guns. I guess pilots did the same thing with their aircrafts. “I don’t think she … has one.”
“Isn’t that bad luck? You can’t drive an unnamed motorcycle,” she tsk tsked.
 Well we certainly can’t have that. “I guess that’s something we’ll have to remedy.”
“How about ... Roxy,” she suggested. Yuck.
“Too trendy.”
She quickly offered an alternative, “Rhonda?” Apparently this was important to her.
“That could work. Hey, I’d better go.” Damn I wish I could stay. J-Dub would kill me. You never knew what minds like Wade’s were capable of. “Be safe tonight,” was all I could come up with; my only warning against the darkness inside. She was smart and responsible though. Hopefully I was overreacting.
She didn’t seem to take my warning very seriously. “Always am,” she said. Rhonda roared to life.
Claire’s fragile body made it up to her house and turned to see me off. I left while I still had the willpower to, vowing to check back on her little party when I was finished.


9. Uninvited Guest- Claire


Extra vehicles crowded the driveway at my place when we returned from the zoo, so Michael pulled up along the curb and cut the engine. 
I invited him in but he already had plans for the evening; a date, probably. His motorcycle, which I nicknamed Rhonda, roared to life after I promised to “be safe.” Holding my books against my chest I took a step back and realized he was waiting to make sure I got in okay. I hurried to the front door and turned to watch him go. He nodded before making a loud getaway.
I felt like a stranger in my own home; there were strange voices coming from out back and everything seemed out of place. My books clapped against each other as I tossed them onto my bed. Locking my bedroom door behind me for the first time ever, I took a deep breath and headed for the kitchen. The French doors to the back deck were both open and there were so many people outside I could hardly fit out there with them.
“Where’ve ya been Claire-a-bear?” Stella shouted on her way over to me. She was tipsy.
“Hey babe,” I replied as she gave me an unbalanced hug. “Just got back from the zoo,” I said, taking in all of our guests. Jack and Stu were picking away at their guitars while others joked around and listened to the music. 
“What?!” Stella leaned against the brick column for balance. “Are you serious?” She thought this was hilarious. “With who?” 
“Um ... Michael.”
“The GUY?” She gasped, “That hot guy from your Psych class? What happened?” She was overly enthused and now many heads were turned our way.
“Yeah, I guess. Hey, did you know they have live music at the zoo on Fridays?”
“Get outta town!”
Stu stopped playing and looked up to join our conversation, “Ya, Stell, we gigged it for next week, you guys should come.”
 “Stu why didn’t you say anything? Do you even have a band name?” I had no idea they were that established.
“BlueStack,” Jack contributed, still watching his fingers work the strings. Then he looked up to elaborate, “You know,” strum, “Stack, like Stu and Jack,” strum, “and we stack a bunch of other genres in with the blues.” Most of our guests held brown beer bottles but Stella clumsily held a red cup.
“Very clever,” I said approvingly, “We might have to come check it out. Whacha drinkin’ Stell?”
Apparently, this was a difficult question. Her eyebrows lowered as she stared down into her cup. “I think it’s a rum and coke?”
“Coconut rum and cherry cola actually,” Stu corrected Stella. “It’s called a Coppertone. Want one?” I considered his offer. “I’m on it,” he insisted before I could decline and went into the kitchen.
“Be right back,” Stella slurred. She set her drink on the table and went in behind Stu.
By the time I made my way to the empty bench swing, Emma had arrived. Jack silenced his guitar strings to holler back into the kitchen, “Better make that two, Stu-bee-do!”
“Hey Em, come have a seat.” I patted the spot next to me.
“What’s with the all the people?” Emma attempted to suppress her excitement. 
“I think this is Stella’s doing.” We swung back and forth for a moment, observing the random chatter. Two red solo cups made their way to our corner as Stewart enthusiastically delivered his new concoction.
“Happy Friday ladies!”
Alcohol sounded fabulous; I impatiently took a sip. “Not bad,” I admitted. Then Emma sneezed and I almost dropped my cup.
“I’d say ‘God bless you’ but it looks like he already did.” Em laughed at Stu’s line as he sat on the brick wall next to her.
“Thanks for the drink,” she replied. Finally, he’d found someone who appreciated his cocky humor.
“You can have my seat, Stu,” I offered. “I’d better go check on Stella.” He grabbed his guitar and took my seat next to Emma without hesitation.
“I have a song for you,” he said to a blushing Emma. “Jack, come back me up,” he ordered as I made my way inside.
A loud bang vibrated through the walls and I ran down the hall expecting to find Stella on the floor. The hallway was empty, but the bathroom light shined under its closed door. I tapped on it and hollered, “You in there, Stell?”
“Uh ... just a minute,” a male voice responded.
“Sorry, no hurry,” I replied through the door, embarrassed. I tried Stella’s bedroom door next, which was locked, but I heard her voice on the other side.
Something like, “Go please,” and “I didn’t even mean it that way,” was all I needed to hear. I banged on the door.
An angry guy hollered back from inside, “It’s locked for a reason.”
“Open up Stell, we need you outside.” I tried to sound playful. 
“Mind your business,” he answered for her.
Another thump came from inside. I pressed my ear up against the door.
“C’mon baby, don’t tease me,” he demanded impatiently.
My fingers instinctively felt above the doorframe and found a key. Thankfully, Stella had envisioned herself needing a spare. I opened the door but couldn’t see much in the dark room.
“Hey!” He barked at me. Then his voice thawed out. “Aw hey baby, you want in? We’re just havin’ a little fun.” I could barely make out two figures in an awkward position on the bed.
“I don’t think so,” I said with confidence, trying to hide my anxiety. “Stella we need you. Knock it off and get your ass out here.”
“Claire, hey—” she managed but was cut off.
“She aint goin’ anywhere. Now why don’t you get the hell out and shut that door.”
“Not a chance.” I said while flipping the light on.
“What the f—”
“You need to get the hell out.” I backed up to allow him some space, hoping he’d take my advice. He dropped Stella on the ground and charged toward me. The muscles in his arms seemed too big for his short-sleeved shirt. “Get out of my house.” I said firmly, forcing my stomach into knots.
“Your house?! Who the f—”
“Hey,” interrupted the guy coming out of the bathroom, “is everything okay?” Mr. Biceps got out of my face to glare at the intruder and two more people who were coming down the hall. Stella’s friend was outnumbered.
“Look, we just want some privacy,” he claimed trying to sound calm.
Bathroom Guy gently pulled me aside and took my place. “Looks like you’ve been uninvited, bro. Time to pack it up.” He spoke confidently, adjusting his baseball hat as if they were having a casual locker-room conversation. Then he took a step back, and gestured toward the hall.
Biceps looked back toward Stella and shook his head, then stiff-shouldered Bathroom Guy to barge down the hall, slamming the front door on his way out.
“Thanks,” I whispered.
“Who was that guy?” he asked accusingly.
“I have no idea. Can I have a minute with Stella?”
“I’ll be out back,” he grumbled while walking away.
I ran into the bedroom urging Stella, “You ok?” She mumbled something from the floor. I helped her up on to the bed. “Geez I knew you were drunk, but what the hell? Who was that guy?” She muttered something unintelligible and rolled over. I wondered if he put something in her drink; she was really gone.
After pulling her shoes off and tugging her blanket up over her shoulders, I turned Stella’s light back off and closed the door on my way out. She’d be fine after a good night’s rest and I’d make sure to check on her again before I crashed.
For now, I had to play hostess and clean up the party Stella had started. Grabbing a couple of beers from the fridge, I returned to the back porch.
Bathroom Guy said his name was Jason. He had a class with Stella, who’d invited him over that afternoon. I tried to smooth things over with friendly small talk and asked if he was a local.
“Nope, I’m from Utah.”
“Get OUT!” Emma joined our conversation. “I’m from Utah! What part?”
“Park City, how about—”
“Utah?!” Interrupted Stewart, I could have sworn you were from Tennessee,” making his way in-between Em and Jason.
“What? Why?” Emma was so gullible.
“Because you’re the only ten I see.” He said with a very serious smirk, chuckling at himself.
She laughed while Jack hollered from the bench swing at him, “Dude, that was pretty bad.”
Jason seemed disinterested but Stu persisted, “C’mon baby drop that zero and get with the HERO.”
“Oh my God,” Emma was cracking up.
“What did you say, bro?” Jason puffed up a little in disapproval.
“Just ignore him, he’s trying to be funny,” Emma explained protectively while nudging Stu away from our conversation.
“Sorry about that,” I shook my head, “too much to drink I guess.”
“Seems to be a common theme tonight. Hey, I’m gonna head out.” Jason’s face was hidden by his baseball hat until it tilted back to finish his beer. “Make sure Stella’s ok, huh?”
“Yeah, I will.” I walked him through the kitchen where he dropped his empty bottle in the garbage. “Drive safe,” I offered while leading him through the study and opening the front door for him.
“Yup,” he replied and nodded on his way out, “’night.”
 Once everyone had left but Jack and Stu, I decided to call it a night. I found two bottled waters and some Advil on my way to Stella’s room.

—————

My eyes reluctantly opened the next morning to find her wide-awake on the bed beside me. “Mornin’,” she said while tipping her head sideways to make eye contact with me. “Thanks for the Advil. Someone in your bed?”
“Huh?”
“Why are you snug as a bug in my bed instead of yours?”
“Oh.” I stretched out and pushed my eyes tightly shut for a moment, hoping they’d stay open more easily afterward. “I kinda just wanted to make sure that jerk didn’t come back.”
Her head rotated slightly as if she was angling her ear toward me, “What jerk would that be?” This electrocuted my wake-up system.
“What? What exactly do you remember about last night?”
“Not a damn thing. Musta been pretty good, huh?”
“Stella, you gotta be more careful who you let handle your drinks, I think someone might have slipped you something.” I pushed her comforter aside so I could sit up. “Do you remember Mr. Biceps with the dark eyes and a plaid button-up?” Her eyebrows lifted and came together in disbelief.
“Sounds hot,” she surmised irresponsibly.
“Maybe we’d better hold off on the Masquerade tonight.”
“No WAY!” She protested. “Look, I’m sorry about last night, ok? But thanks for getting my back ... and we’ll be extra, super, duper careful tonight, ‘kay?” I took a deep breath while she continued, “I promise. Besides, we put way too much effort into our costumes to let ‘em go to waste.”
“That’s true,” I agreed.
“C’mon. I’m taking you out to breakfast. You gotta fill me in on last night and we need a game plan for tonight. I’ll get Emma. You get dressed.”


10. The Code- Claire


The full-length mirror in my room reflected a pivoting girl whose curves looked better from the side than head-on. Her black party dress was almost floor length, but slit up slightly past mid-thigh on each side. Stella’s recommendation for over-the-knee leather boots felt extreme, but my inhibitions vanished under the mask. I felt confident. Powerful. Like a civilized cat woman. My eyes were drawn to the top of the boots where a black strap fed into a buckle on the side. I was fierce.
Stella startled me when she spoke from the doorway. “Should we give Emma a crash course on ‘The Code’ before we bail?”
Unable to pull my eyes away from the girl in the mirror I replied, “I think we should. You’re right about the boots.”
“Of course I am.” She grinned and stood next to me in the mirror, wrapping her arm around my waist. “We look hot.”
Her brilliant red ensemble was a bright contradiction to my sleek, gothic-esque costume. A thick diamond chocker clasped her neck, catching the light in magnificent ways.
“Where’s your mask?” I asked, connecting with her eyes through the mirror.
“I hate extra stuff on my face. It’ll have to wait ‘til we get there. EMMA, c’mere for a sec!” After placing my mask on the dresser, I took one last look in the mirror and sat on the built-in window bench in my room. Our black and pink peacock spun clumsily into the room, drunk with party anticipation.
Throughout our friendship, Stella and I developed a set of signals to secretly communicate. This was extremely beneficial at house parties, but also served its purpose if we were out to eat, at a club, or even on campus when other people were around.
We’d text each other when possible, but time didn’t always allow for it, and people felt left out if they caught on. So, we established ‘The Code’:

1. “Steal me from this person.”
(Keep arms crossed.)
2. “The expected party has arrived.”
(Fidget with hair.)
3. “Let’s go find the bathroom.”
(Tap phone on something or pinch the other’s elbow.)
4. “The person talking is lying.”
(Rub neck.)
5. “We have to leave immediately.”
(Within earshot- ask, “You got keys?” or from across the room, hold up keys for the other one to see.)
6. “Be right back.”
(Out of ear shot, flash the “peace” sign.)
7. “I need a female product.”
(Bite nails.)
8. “You should find a mirror.”
(Smooth eyebrow with pinky.) This includes makeup malfunction, food in teeth, mascara goober, hair emergency, etc.

We ran through this list for Em using small words and a little role-playing in hopes that she’d catch on. This training should have taken place before the night of. Em was so busy seducing the mirror I wasn’t sure anything took. Maybe next time.
Stella’s posture drooped with a sigh and I shrugged my shoulders in response. Then she jumped off my bed with new enthusiasm. “So who’s drivin’?”
“Let’s take Lola. I’m not drinking tonight anyway.”
“What? Why not?!” Stella pouted.
“I don’t want to be hung over tomorrow. My dad’s in town and I promised to meet him for breakfast.”
“Fine, whatever.” She was never down for long. “Let’s go!”
“Don’t forget your student I.D.’s,” Em reminded us.
My GPS said we were only a couple blocks from the party but all we could see were trees. When the forest came to an end on the right, I slowed down and noticed lights in time to make the turn. Like barricading rope at a theater, little gold twinkle lights hooked from tree to tree, showcasing the main entrance of a large brick building.
We were happy to find a car pulling out of its parking spot up close, so we wouldn’t have to torture our feet hiking up the road in unforgiving heels. After putting Lola in park, I held up my eye-mask to admire it before securing it around my head. 
“You know, it’s a trip seeing you with that thing on. I can’t even look you in the eye without being distracted.”
“Crazy, right?” I liked the thought of my mirror-mask concealing my identity even that much more. Black and grey ribbons delicately wove along the sides of my head, tying in back, and hanging down to the spot between my shoulder blades. The stranger in the rear-view mirror had every hair in place.
Stella continued while she and Emma put theirs on, “Seriously. I won’t even need to bring my compact; I’ll just use your mask if I need to check my makeup.” 
“Does anyone have gum?” Emma sounded panicked. After applying a fresh coat of lip-gloss, Stella tossed a thin, blue pack back to our anxious roommate.
Something vibrated and each of us checked our phones. “It’s Stewart!” Emma beamed as she studied her phone. Stella and I exchanged a glance. “I should have invited them tonight, huh?” She whined regretfully and was already texting wildly with her thumbs when Stella interrupted her.
“Seriously Emma? They’ll be fine.”
“But—”
“Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Learn to work a little hard-to-get! Now let’s get this party started,” she said, with a Stella-brand shoulder bump. Emma obeyed with a huff and put her phone away.
I literally felt a buzz outside with the bass vibrating through the ground and pulsing against my eardrums. Huge double doors at the entrance were propped open and replaced with heavy, velvet, theatrical curtains. A few groups of two and three made up the short line leading to some ruthless looking doormen.
The sky began to drip on our bare arms and spatter on the concrete while a gust of wind kicked up. We moved forward in line making it under the shelter of an awning just in time for a downpour to discourage any thought of going back.
Once we stepped up to the large podium, a man behind it ordered, “Memberships or student I.D.’s, ladies.” One by one, he examined our cards and nodded to a second man who stamped our left hands.
“Easy!” Stella snapped at him while pulling her wounded hand away. Great. It couldn’t be a thin little smiley face or something that would wash off easily, escaping the notice of an ever-skeptical father the next day. No, my hand would be branded with a thick black number eight for at least a week. 
Before we were even ten steps in, someone squealed “Emma!” and made her way through the crowd into Em’s arms. They hugged, bobbing side-to-side then allowed enough space to visually devour each other’s appearance. “Oh my God, you look awesome!” She yelled over the music to Em. 
“So do you!  Lindsay, these are my roommates, Stella and Claire.” Then she looked to us and explained, “Lindsay’s on the team. We met during Summer Volleyball Camp.”
Lindsay, wearing barely enough shiny purple material to cover what mattered, waived a hello to us and said, “Good to meet you. Hey let’s go get a drink!” She turned and the obnoxiously excited volleyball players led us through a crazy maze of faceless drinkers, dancers and loungers.
Hidden under the masks, I could be surrounded by family, celebrities, or long lost friends and not know it. More likely, this place was full of strangers and a chance for Stella and I to let loose.
She grabbed my hand to let me know I was falling behind so I tried to concentrate on walking. Heads turned as we made our way through the crowd and under an arched doorway. We followed Emma’s friend, Lindsay, down a tightly packed hallway and through one last door on our left, to a gathering outside. The delicious smell of rain was the perfect accent to an already intoxicating atmosphere. Music was at a much easier level outside, allowing for conversation.
We’d stepped out onto a covered walkway, which lined the courtyard’s rectangular perimeter. The little gold twinkle lights spiraled up columns that supported the extended roof. Lindsay motioned for us to follow her through the walkway that led to a large gazebo in the middle. This housed several busy bartenders and a slew of bizarre costumes waiting for a drink.
What an odd sight.
Behind the crescent-shaped bar, employees wore matching black and white striped eye-masks, apparently not exempt from the party’s dress code. Lindsay and Emma caught the attention of a bartender on the far end while Stella and I took a seat.
Noticing our arrival, a large male bartender headed our way and Stella leaned over the bar to give him our drink request. He nodded with a crooked smile. As we waited for our drinks, she asked in a low voice, “Do you recognize Zorro over there?”
I followed the direction of her tipped head in search of the subject. Ah-ha. He was wearing a black costume, cape and all. Was that ... “Neil,” Stella echoed my unspoken conclusion. “Wonder who the flavor of the week is,” she scoffed as a promiscuous Tinker Bell wrapped around him—declaring her territory for the evening. Whatever.
Her lime-green facemask rested on her forehead as if to say: I’m too pretty to follow the rules. Can every one see? Just try and stop me. Hers was the only naked face in the vicinity. The glittery fairy petals delicately painted around her eyes proved she had no intention of wearing it in the first place.
Trying not to stare, I allowed myself one more glance, and confirmed that I knew more people here than I thought. The flighty little fairy was my coworker. So. Trisha and Neil. Huh. Although I really had no interest in Neil any more, it still stung.
“ ... and a virgin daiquiri for the sexy seductress in black,” Stella teased, handing me a pink frozen drink while taking a dainty sip from her own fancy beverage. “You really ought to wear your hair up more often, Claire.” I smiled and took a sip of the sweet and tangy mixture.
“Mmm. Thanks for the drink.”
“Uh-oh,” she warned, while looking up at someone behind me. I turned as Zorro took one of Stella’s hands up to his lips, despite the protest from his clingy date.
“M’lady.” He said, sounding exactly the opposite of the gentleman he was pretending to be. “You look raviszhing in red. Have you met Triszha? She workzs with Claire.” His slurred speech matched his crooked posture.
“Hi Trisha!” Stella over-exaggerated her excitement and gave Trisha a hug; purposefully poking at my funny bone while pissing off the little pixie. This stole a laugh from my voice box, which caught Neil’s attention.
“Claire? Wow. I uh ... didn’t recognize you.” Neil completely forgot our audience and fumbled over his words while blatantly eyeballing my outfit.
I rolled my eyes. “Hello Neil.”
“Claaaaaaire. What’s a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?” He let out an “umph!” as Trisha’s elbow jabbed his ribs. “Who are you ... um ... here with?” Was he really that dense?
Stella swallowed her sip and pointed out, “Me, ya jackass.” I almost spit out my drink. She had a low tolerance for people like Neil. I think this was the first time I’d ever seen him embarrassed.
“Right.” I was expecting a flirtatious banter in rebuff, but in his current stupor, he came up empty.
“Hey Claire.” Trisha acknowledged me like a five-year-old being forced to apologize. I lifted my fingers to waive hello. “Neil, I need a bathroom,” she whined to her date. He was in a trance. “And I’d like an escort!” She threatened, tugging on his arm to pull him out of it.
“’Course. Sorry babe. Guesz we’ll see you ladies later.” He wagged his eyebrows at us while Trisha pulled him away in temper tantrum mode.
Stella and I soaked up the moment with cheers while Emma and Lindsay made their way back to us. They told us about a group of hockey players teasing them from across the courtyard who were going to meet them inside. “Wanna come?” Emma begged. I looked at Stella whose lip rose slightly on one side.
“I think we’ll stay and finish our drinks. You two have fun,” I responded.
“That’s cool, text me later, k?” The two giggling girls vanished into the mix of party guests and my attention was brought back to my hand stamp.
“So what’s with the eight?” I wondered out loud.
Stella’s eyebrows lifted in the center. “Wadduya mean darlin’?” I raised my hand and twisted the stamped backside to face her. “Oh. I think it’s supposed to be a mask. You know, for the party?” Her finger quickly drew an imaginary eight around her own eyes. 
“Huh.” Then I noticed the irregular eight turned sideways did look like an eye-mask.
We finished our drinks while watching the strange mingling of costumes. “Should we make a round?” I suggested.
Stella nodded once. “Yes.” She declared and set down her empty drink. “Let’s.” We hooked arms at the elbow and made our way around the rectangle courtyard to the other entrance.


11. Masked Motives- Claire


Inside, the warmth made my skin tingle. It must have been cooler out than I thought. The music was faster and stronger, feeling more like a nightclub. As we made our way to another curtained entrance, we could hear break-beats, which instantly put a smile on Stella’s face; she loved to dance.
On the other side of the curtains, tightly packed bodies brought the heat up. Stella leaned over to yell in my ear over the music, “My hell, they must have invited all of Anchorage.” The walls were lined with a thin stage supporting masked dancers.
What really stood out was a glowing white circle and set of red horns on either side of the DJ. Making our way closer we could see them; caged dancers dressed as a devil and an angel. The man in the middle bobbed his head at a huge table, pinching one end of his headphones between his ear and shoulder while jerking his hands back and forth over records.
Behind bars to his right, white material stretched around the angel girl, looking more like a swimsuit from the 30’s than a dress, and strapped to her back was a set of sheer, glittery wings. Barely raised from her head, the glowing white halo completed her costume.
On the left, a devil girl in red twirled around a pitchfork, guiding the glowing horns on her head. The conscience dancers swirled in sync with each other despite their separate cages as the masked man in the middle sent out beats to move them. Their shiny eye masks almost looked painted on. Stella grabbed me by the hand as a bouncer motioned for us to join the stage level dancers.
Trying to keep up, I accidentally stepped on someone’s foot. My instinct was to turn and apologize, but his eerie mask threw me off. The bronze metal mask was etched with smoky black smears and molded to his face down one side in a Phantom-of-the-Opera fashion. "Watch it, baby.” His words wouldn’t have bothered me if it weren’t for the menacing growl underneath them. The voice was strangely familiar, making it even creepier.
Stella and I made our way up a sketchy set of stairs and rocked the spotlight. Dancing with her was a unique experience in and of itself. She was crazy. We twisted around and away from each other over and over until I started feeling dizzy.
When I needed a breather, I caught her attention and made a fanning motion at my face. She nodded in agreement. We weaved through sweaty dancers until we reached the curtains and joked about at how exhausted we were.
“Best workout I’ve had in weeks,” Stella said, lifting her mask to wipe her face.
“No kidding,” I agreed mid-exhale.
 “Stella?” A surprised, masculine voice broke from down the hall. He left the group he was with to approach us. “Hey it’s me, Jason. From Pre-Cal?” He flipped up his mask as proof. “I stopped by last night, but I doubt you remember.”
“Right, sorry about that mess. So I guess you already met my roommate, Claire?” I knew this posture; Stella had a crush.
“Yeah. Good to see you, Claire,” he said while shifting his weight.
“Like-wise. Hey, I need to find the ladies room. Catch up with you guys later?” I dismissed myself so she could have her fun.
Stella seemed relieved that I caught the hint. “Ok. We’ll be ...”
“Upstairs,” Jason filled in, “there’s a staircase by the back exit that will take you up. I heard they’re having a live band in about half an hour that you won’t want to miss.”
“Sounds good,” I smiled. “See you guys in a bit.” I stepped back with no idea as to where the ladies room might actually be, but caught a wink from Stella. They were going back and forth about meaningless tidbits as I gracefully took my cue and found an opening through the bodies.
My path made its way to a large door that wasn’t very obvious at first. After cracking it open, I was relieved to find a vacant space. Solitude was very appealing at the moment. Being sober had its advantage on an intellectual level but at one point, everyone else got so stupid it was just annoying. I’d assume my role of babysitter and scoop up my roommates eventually, but at present I had time to kill.
Unfortunately, this room held too many dark corners to feel comfortable in. It did, however, hide a set of double doors that played with my curiosity. Once I made my way over to them, my hands wrapped around the doorknobs and tried to twist, but nothing happened. I looked over my shoulder fearing someone might tell me it was off limits, but stood alone.
Tugging at the knobs once more with a little force, I was rewarded with movement from the knob on the right. The old door gave way and opened to a private outdoor space. Perfect.
The heels of my boots clacked against the patio as I took a deep breath in appreciation of the clean night air. My desire to be social seemed to wash away with the rain. The little patio’s roof was supported by the same columns from the courtyard, only without the lights. I was separated from the woods by a half wall, which I leaned over for a better view. Unable to see further than the tightly packed trees in each direction, I closed my eyes to meditate.
“It’s a nice night.” I froze. The statement startled me despite the soothing voice that spoke it. The low rumble of words did not carry as far as they should have, muffled by the thick weather. I twisted slightly from the half wall to acknowledge the source. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to scare you.” A tall, dark figure was leaning back against the closed half of the double doors as if he’d been there the whole time.
Had he?
“It’s okay. I just ... didn’t expect anyone else to be out here.” My hands rubbed the sides of my arms to smooth out the goose bumps. He slowly made his way to my end of the covered patio as if trying to ascertain whether he was welcome. Suppressing a peculiar, physical pull I felt toward the stranger, I looked back to the forest.
My vision was drawn to the moon, which miraculously made its presence through the storm clouds. The somber sky became angry and poured with more power, forcing us speak louder.
“Quite a party back there,” he said, trying to steal my gaze with his masked eyes. “They seem to be getting a little carried away with the anonymity.” He placed his hand on top of the half wall beside me. The roof’s overhang only allowed a light after-mist from the downpour to reach us. He wore all black like the blathering Zorro, minus the cape.
When I looked over to respond, I saw that his dark costume was actually a tuxedo over a black button-up with no tie. It looked expensive. His eye-mask was an extension of a bandanna that covered his hair and tied in back with two long tails. My fingers itched to lift it off his face.
Softening to his presence I replied, “Not to mention the alcohol.” A smile tugged at the corners of my mouth as I imagined Emma and Lindsay flirting with the group of hockey players. 
“Exactly. It’s their excuse to act the way they want to,” he chuckled, “or something to blame it on later.” The temperamental rain slowly let up.
He looked out to the trees and must have spotted the brilliant moon because his thoughts seemed diverted. A crackling rumble of thunder echoed across the valley gaining volume as it reached us.
I took advantage of his distraction to stare at his features. He had a nice mouth that begged for touch. His impressive jaw line cast a straight shadow against his chest. Where had I seen his face? An Armani advertisement, probably. I thought about his words which could have been the theme song to most college parties.
“Well the masks don’t help either. You could get away with murder tonight.” My statement brought his attention back to my face, which he urgently cupped in his huge hands.
The way he stared at my lips, I expected our mouths to crush against each other, but instead he held me hovering an inch away. I could feel his breath on my mouth. A breeze ran between us as he waited for my answer. My body was thrilled with the sudden passion, but my thoughts whirled in war, and the victor’s side wanted him.
My lips brushed lightly against his, which responded intensely and I found I wasn’t just kissing a stranger, but my secret identity was boldly giving in to unexplained cravings. He moved his hands to my back, generously warming my arms in his embrace. I wanted to be trapped there. My fingers gripped the tux lapel against his chest, pulling him closer, which triggered his lips to part mine for a deeper lock.
Nothing else mattered. The world outside this kiss did not exist. The rain fell heavy and pounded on everything around us, smashing out the wind.
“He’s out here,” a voice called, dragging me out of our moment. The open door must have caught their attention. I pulled my face away to get a better look at our intruder and my mystery man let out a growl as he relaxed his arms to set me free.
A strange pain rippled through me as we separated. I tried to take a deep breath but my chest felt heavy and my head became foggy.
“Kade, what the hell are you doing? We were supposed to meet J-Dub fifteen minutes ago.” The guy making his way through the dark room to our private patio sounded scared. A couple others showed up in the doorway behind him.
Kade? A vision of a credit card receipt for a Second Edition Psychology text flashed through my mind. Michael D. Kade. There was no way ... but his eyes. The way he smelled. Of course it was him. I wanted it to be him.
Could he know it was me? He stared hungrily at my lips while responding to the invader with, “I’ll be there in 85 seconds.” His voice sounded menacing. Dangerous even. The guy who came to retrieve him disappeared.
“I wish we had more time,” he said to me in a more gentle tone. His thumb traced the length of my lower lip. “I know it’s unforgivably rude, but I have to leave.” His strong hands brought mine up to his lips and held them there for a moment. His eyes closed tight as if he were trying to memorize the sensation. Sure enough, his left index finger was decorated with the unique black ring I’d noticed in Psychology.
His eyes did not meet mine when the words “I’m sorry” fell from his lips, and he disappeared too. I didn’t even have time to respond. I don’t know what I would have said if I did. I was caged inside my statue of a body until the wind picked up again and started throwing sheets of rain against the building as if in response to the turmoil in my head. The unforgiving cold forced me back inside, but no evidence of his presence was left to confirm my sanity. This place was messing with my head.
On my way to the stairs, I messaged Stella:

Headed upstairs. Where you at?

A clever baseline rattled through the stairwell as I made my way up. By the time I reached the top, a saxophone and piano had joined in. Jason wasn’t kidding, this band was the real deal. It was an entirely different scene than anything on the main level.
An open layout invited guests with leather sofas and chairs. Tables were strategically placed to hold drinks while people socialized and enjoyed the soothing jazz harmonies. My phone didn’t buzz with a reply from Stella so I figured she had her hands full. I wondered what had happened to Emma and Lindsay.

Where you at, Em?

My thumbs tapped out and hit send. On my way to the new bar for another virgin beverage, I thought I saw Stella’s red dress and changed my course. But after making my way across the dark floor, the dress turned around to reveal someone else. Just perfect. I smiled shyly and kept walking.
“Therrrrre she is!” Even worse, the creepy phantom mask from downstairs was stalking me. His grumbled voice sent a chill over my skin. Not long ago he was flaunting coordination on the dance floor, but now he stood crookedly with his chin tucked to his chest like he was trying to burp. I crossed my arms around my ribcage in hopes that one of my roommates were in the vicinity to catch my signal.
“Your Stella’s friend, aren’t you?” Of course. Mr. Biceps from last night. “I’m Wade.”
“Uh ya. You haven’t seen her, have you?” I asked while scanning the small dance floor for my friend.
“Naw baby ... zjust you an me now. Lemme git ya a drink.” He set his own drink down and slid toward me with a lick of his lips. Ew. He was actually quite good looking, but something about his soul felt diseased.
“No thanks,” I started backing away. “I’m not drinking anyway.” While pointing at myself with both forefingers I said, “D.D. tonight.” I hoped he’d leave me alone with this declaration because his type seemed to prey on the tipsy and I was strictly sober.
As I was about to turn and head back, he grabbed my chest with both hands saying, “You feel like a ‘C’ to me baby!” I reflexively slapped him so hard my hand burned. But before he could stumble two steps back, a shadow hurdled over the couch from behind him, and crushed him into the brick wall with such an amazing force that the bricks cracked in several directions.
I didn’t have time to be utterly mortified, as I should have been, about being groped in public. Instead, my head filled with awe which was quickly replaced by fear. I shrieked in terror. Then I realized the bulldozer was wearing a fancy tux.
Wade’s face turned purple as Michael Kade locked him in a rock solid chokehold. He was saying something to him but spoke so low no one else could make out the words. People close enough to have any idea what was going on could only stare, confused or scared. Michael dropped the heap of drunken Wade to the ground and was at my side in an instant.
“He’ll be fine,” Michael assured, pulling me in by the waist. His right hand cupped my face along the jaw line and tilted it up to lasso in my attention. His lips came to my ear and whispered, “You need to leave.” My face flinched back. “Now please.” He must have read the wonder and panic in my eyes because his warm breath returned to my ear, “This guy will be fine. And I’ll make sure your girlfriends are safe tonight.” Then he released me. “Please go.” It was odd to trust him so implicitly. But instincts overpowered rationale and, like a robot, I just nodded and left.
The exhilarating rush of my secret identity diminished as I was rocked back and forth between rowdy party guests and relief washed over me when I made it through the heavy curtains and back into the rain.
It didn’t take me long to reach Lola, whose shelter allowed me to remove my mask and regroup. My head fell back against the headrest of the driver’s seat as I took a deep breath, and decided I should dig out my phone before I drove home. Two messages were waiting for me. One from Stella:

Sorry for disappearing. Jason & I took a ... detour. Don’t wait up. xo

She was such a freak. My thumbs went to work responding:

K, be safe. Let me know if you need a ride.

Emma had replied also:

We’re on the roof, yo! Have you been up here? Come get a drink, this guy in a tux said he’s covering everyone’s cab tonight.

I exhaled and clicked the windshield wipers on. Michael was already making good on his promise.


12. Blood with Potential- MDK


Although my plan to collect blood from a large group of people at the masquerade was working flawlessly, I couldn’t help but feel like a failure every time we finished scanning a new batch of samples with no potentials. Blake, our hand-stamper opened the lab door with a new tray of samples. “Any luck?” he asked Dallin, who shook his head before returning to his microscope.
“That’s a negative Sherlock.” Dallin replied, keeping his eye pressed against the viewing lens while big Blake made his way to my side of the lab.
He sat the tray on my desk and took a seat beside it. “Do you really think are any others? I mean, what are the odds of finding one if he’s out there?”
I stopped typing so I could look at him directly. “J-Dub found me.”
“There’s gotta be a way to force the conversion for those of us mere mortals. Maybe when you’re tired of searching for another mutant you’ll work on that.”
“We’re already working on that, Blake. Finding those who already have the gene and enabling them to convert can only help us get closer to understanding how it might be accomplished for others.”
“Ya, I guess,” he said while standing back up. “Better get back to stealing everyone’s DNA.”
As stimulating as our secret operation was, a corner of my brain could not be pulled away from Claire. Her mental voice hit my brainwaves when she and her roommates arrived at the party and I’d been enjoying her take on the night’s event. I couldn’t stay put, however, when I saw that she was headed for a secluded patio. I knew exactly where she was.
“I’ll be right back,” I informed Dallin as I headed for the back door.
“Aiight. Don’t forget J-Dub. We’ve got to report back soon.”
“Yeaht,” I said, grabbing my mask and tying it behind my head on the way out.
Before Claire could get the patio door open, I slid up against the outside of the door that was permanently shut. She strode across the patio and took a deep breath like she was glad to be alone. Well I was about to ruin that, wasn’t I?
Trying to figure out how to announce myself without scaring the hell out of her, I watched her lean against the half wall and tried to tune into her thoughts. Her view of the forest turned dark. Panic shot through my system at the thought of her blacking out until I realized she was simply closing her eyes. It was now or never.
“It’s a nice night.” I said, startling her despite my intense efforts. She turned slightly toward me as if contemplating how to have a civilized conversation with the boogie man. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to scare you,” I admitted. 
“It’s okay. I just ... didn’t expect anyone else to be out here.” She hugged herself trying to shield off the chilly air. The storm headed our way would only make that worse, and she didn’t even have a jacket to wear home. Desperately wanting to make her comfortable, I went to her side. She had no idea who I was under the mask.
It pleased me that her thoughts were conflicted with her desire to be … closer to me. I wondered if she’d figure out who I was. Maybe I should let her in on my little secret.
“Quite a party back there,” I finally said, keeping my hands to myself. 
“They seem to be getting a little carried away with the anonymity.” She said, warming up to me. Suddenly I heard Dallin and Blake’s angry thoughts as they deliberated whether to look for me or meet J-Dub without me.
They could wait.
The view here was far better than anything inside. I sent a direct thought to J-Dub that I was running slightly behind schedule. “Not to mention the alcohol,” she continued with a timid smile.
“Exactly. It’s their excuse to act the way they want to,” I agreed, “or something to blame it on later.” The rain let up.
Wrap it up, Kade. We need to talk. J-Dub sent back. A clap of thunder bounced off the mountains as if echoing Blake and Dallin’s irritation which was building up while they searched for me.
Claire stared at my profile and finally responded, “Well the masks don’t help either. You could get away with murder tonight.” Her breath drifted across our space and I couldn’t keep my distance any longer.
Trying not to break her fragile bone structure, I cupped her face with my hands. It was painful not to take what I wanted, but I had to let her choose. I had to restrain my transparent intentions.
She wanted me.
Her lips gave me permission with a soft brush of a kiss, waking up every nerve ending in my body but warning me to be gentle. My arms blocked the weather as I caged her inside them and put the rest of the world on hold.
I’d never kissed a woman like this. She locked into me like we were built for each other. Every point of contact between us moved perfectly. I wondered if I’d be able to stop at some point.
“He’s out here,” Blake yelled, blasting the electricity away from us with the wind. Claire’s lips left mine at the intrusion and I was ready to destroy the two idiots who were on their way. 
“Kade, what the hell are you doing? We were supposed to meet J-Dub fifteen minutes ago.” Big Blake walked toward us with Dallin and our newest recruit behind him.
So much for anonymity. At least Claire was happy with her discovery of my identity. Her internal battle over whether to divulge her own identity trickled through the air as I shut Blake up with a response. “I’ll be there in 85 seconds.”
The guys left and I ached at the thought of doing the same. “I wish we had more time,” I confessed. My thumb swept over her lower lip. “I know it’s unforgivably rude, but I have to leave.” She let me grab her hands to kiss them for one last memory of the moment. “I’m sorry,” I said sincerely, and took off while I still had the strength to do so. 
I wondered what J-Dub was so worked up about. Why would he be so anxious just to hear that we still haven’t found anything? As soon as I made it up the steps to the second floor his direct thoughts answered my question. Well done, Kade. We have a potential, he sent with an edge of excitement. He sat across from my retrievers in a secluded booth. 
Taking a seat next to him, I raised the unclaimed drink at the table in a congratulatory manner to the group. “Good work, gentlemen.” Blake and Dallin lifted their drinks as well and we all took a swig. “So. Who’s our guy?”
I’d introduce you but the boys say you’ve already met her, J-Dub’s thoughts were amused.
Her?
In Blake’s head I saw a woman in a long, black dress. She crossed her arms uncomfortably while her mirror-mask reflected an imposing figure.
I recognized her mask immediately. “Claire.” J-Dub chuckled at the unexpected discovery. The boys grinned at each other, but none of us saw what was coming next.
Blake had been observing her from across the room as we spoke. Through his mind I watched in horror as that asshole Wade fumbled over himself before grabbing her chest. I snapped.
My head had already calculated their location based on the angle of Blake’s vision. Abandoning any attempt at human charade, I flew across the floor to intervene. Claire slapped him with impressive force and he’d just begun to stumble backwards when I plowed into him. The brick wall bordering the room didn’t allow us to get very far.
I wanted to murder him.
It wouldn’t have been difficult, but I choked him out instead, noting a mortified Claire among my small audience. After dropping Wade, I did my best to sooth her. My hands pulled her to me by the waist but she refused eye contact. I cupped her face with my right hand until she gave it to me. “You need to leave.” I demanded.
She didn’t appreciate being dismissed.
“Now please,” I requested more politely. Permitting myself to touch her may have been a mistake. I didn’t want to let go.
I knew her aggressor would regain consciousness soon, however, and didn’t want her to be around when he did. Oh, for hell’s sake. She was worried about him! “This guy will be fine,” I said, regretting the promise as soon as it spilled out. Her thoughts switched to concern for her roommates, whom she was supposed to drive home. “And I’ll make sure your girlfriends are safe tonight,” I assured. Then I commanded my hands to release her. “Please go.” She finally listened, nodded, and left. I kicked Wade in the ribs as soon as she reached the stairs.
He grunted but remained unconscious as J-Dub and I hauled him away. It would have been much easier to throw him over my shoulder but, in an effort to compensate for my hasty reaction earlier, I had to take extra care to leave as humanly as possible. J-Dub said nothing as we awkwardly pretended to struggle with the weight of his body. He “accidently” stumbled, allowing Wade’s head to slam into the door, opening it for our passage.
After making it through a private exit to the forest I chucked Wade over my shoulder and looked to J-Dub for guidance. Surely he would offer advice or admonition of some sort. He surprised me, though, with a simple nod before retreating back inside.
Torture scenes from movies like “Reservoir Dogs” and “Sin City” collated themselves on my consideration platform. I even contemplated tying him to a tree in the zoo’s lion exhibit until I remembered promising Claire he’d be “fine.”
Then I overheard a thought that made me smile with a new idea. It came from a police officer who was loading up a pile of nachos at the Chevron down the street. He was wondering if he’d remembered to lock his squad car. Within 30 seconds I was there to confirm that he hadn’t.
Wade deserved to find himself locked in the back of that squad car. Naked. With the handles broken off so our officer would have to call for back up. The other cops would find a drunken, naked, college boy locked behind car doors with no handles to be hilarious. Camera-worthy even. I had Wade in this exact predicament before our Trooper made it to the cashier to pay out. He probably wouldn’t forget to lock his car again for a while.


13. Breaking and Entering- MDK


J-Dub assisted me in fulfilling my other promise to Claire: to keep her roommates safe. He followed Emmalynne and Lindsay while I shadowed Stella. Emma had taken me up on an offer from the party for a free cab. They went to the hockey player’s house but thankfully, Lindsay ran into someone she wished to avoid and they left the meat-fest before we had to intervene.
Direct thoughts lose potency over distance and we were far enough that we couldn’t hear each other, so J-Dub messaged me when they were safely back at Lindsay’s apartment and crashing for the night.
Stella left the party with a mostly sober Jason, who I already liked for backing up Claire with her first Wade-run-in. Jason’s thoughts were respectful enough that I allowed the couple their privacy, vowing to follow up later that evening. I glanced up at the green and yellow northern lights in the sky and traced them back to the floor of the forest which glowed in response.
Then I ran.
I kept my word to Claire and could now reward myself with confirming her safety. The wilderness flew past me as I sped through the trees, stopping only when I reached her red brick cottage. Keeping myself concealed within the forest which bordered her backyard, I surveyed Claire’s house and surroundings. The only thoughts coming from the house were hers, which flipped through sporadic images of people I’d never met and places unfamiliar to me. She was dreaming and sifting through convoluted memories.
I had to see her again.
Not that the image of the way she looked tonight wasn’t perfectly etched into my memory forever, but I longed to see her in person.
So I abandoned any rational notion I’d once adhered to regarding trespassing, privacy, and, when it came down to it, morals, and decided to sneak into her bedroom. No one else was home and she was sleeping deeply enough to dream. If she even flinched I’d leave so quickly she’d have no reason to suspect anything was amiss.
A yellow glow from the house lit up the trees on the right side so I made my way through the trees on the left. I hadn’t broken into a house since I locked myself out of my own home once in high school. A rush of adrenaline filled my chest as I analyzed my options for entry, and concluded that I might as well try the easiest route first.
I was thankful that the old house was built with a concrete back deck and stairs that wouldn’t groan under my weight as I made my way across them. I felt like a rooky burglar. Sliding against the wall to the French doors, I listened out as far as I could for anyone who might notice my crime. Every thought I heard was that of a sleeping mind, with the exception of a guy up the street, who was just coming back to his room from the bathroom and well on his way to slumber by the time he pulled his blankets back up.
My sleeping Claire was dreaming of ... babies? No, one baby; a little girl with curly blonde hair, reaching toward her. Strange. As much as I wanted to satisfy my curiosity and pay attention to her dream, I knew I had to take advantage of her deep sleep if I was going to get what I wanted. I turned to face her kitchen doors and tried my luck. Twisting them both as quietly as I could, I slowly exhaled and the one on the left clicked open. Why was her back door unlocked?
Of all the irresponsible things college kids did, leaving a door unlocked overnight where three beautiful girls lived was inexcusable. They must not have any idea what sick minds lurked the streets of Anchorage; the streets of every town I’d visited since the transformation. An unlocked door was practically an invitation which, well, I accepted.
I slid inside and shut it behind me so quietly it made me smile. I was good at this. My feet rolled along the hardwood floors without a sound and I drifted down the hallway in seconds. My nerves were so surprisingly calm that I started considering other ways I might be able to use my stealthy new talent. When I rounded the last corner I saw her face and briefly considered leaving. My heart rocked against my chest so loud I feared it would wake her up. Yet still she dreamt. I froze in her doorway trying to calm my traitor heart as I tuned in to her thoughts. She was in a very deep sleep, her dreams not even forming complete details before changing direction.
She looked warm under her pile of blankets, which were pulled up over her shoulder and under her chin. The only part of Clair left uncovered was her face; free of worry lines or concern. Her lips were parted slightly and I disciplined my thoughts away from our kiss earlier that night, knowing damn well what that did to my nervous system.
As if granting me relief, but simultaneously torturing me, she sighed and rolled to her other side. Now facing the wall, she only allowed me to see her hair and a vague outline of her body under the covers. Her shift in position stirred the air, sending her scent to tease my sanity.
Before I could consider devouring her, my peripheral vision had been busy analyzing the room and picked up the sight of her orange spiral notebook. I couldn’t help myself. As soon as I imagined being at her desk I was there. My fingers robotically clasped the spiral and I thumbed through pages of her perfect, feminine penmanship. Guilt almost forced me to put it back when I saw something else. Was it a drawing? I was flipping too fast to catch it the first time and desperately turned the pages back to find it again.
Ahh. Normal human vision would have been unable to make out the details in the darkness of her bedroom, but I could see perfectly how she’d captured ... me. 
It was obvious at first glance who the man in the picture was; she was very talented. I remembered this drawing from her thoughts on my first day of Psychology. Only, in her head she had completed it with my arm around her waist as she clung to my side. I wish she would have finished it that way on paper. The books in the background of her drawing were blurry, making my proud features the focus of the scene. She thought more of me than I deserved.
The only other page that wasn’t decorated with notes from psychology appeared to be a poem. An involuntary crooked smile on my face reflected the pleasure I found uncovering more secrets about Claire. In between crossed out words she kept the following:

The same night sky above my world,
Holds my constant. Twenty years.
Though it changes—galaxy swirled,
My view is still. It soothes my fears.

Those before me uncovered secrets,
Tested theories. Charted the stars.
Without their labor I’d be blind,
Reveal the past. Explore the scars.

She even appreciated astrology. Realizing I had no more right to be in her notebook than I did in her head, I placed it back on her desk. My fingertips slid it into the exact same angle it was before I so rudely helped myself to its contents.
A mischievous idea crept into my head. I didn’t have to search the room to know her phone was on the charger. She plugged it in every night whether its battery was low or not. It was part of her routine. She mumbled something in her sleep as I programmed my number into her list of contacts. I was a magician planting my tricks. Would she think I was clever or invasive when she discovered it? I hoped I’d be watching to find out. Restraining myself from tapping into her messages, I placed the phone back in its original position.
Taking one last peek into her dreams, I watched as they switched from childhood memories to the way she looked earlier tonight; only from my view. The way the moonlight spilled down her neck, tracing over her collar bones, then down to the mysterious valley torturously blocked by the black fabric of her dress.
I couldn’t determine whether she was really watching my memory, or if my own head was unable to shake that perfect view from before. Then I remembered J-Dub saying subliminal implantation was much easier to conduct if the receiving subject was asleep. Perhaps I was sharing memories on accident. Or, being a potential, maybe she was already able to read into my unguarded thoughts without knowing it.
Her dream switched to a pattern of stars and chubby little baby fingers, then back to something from my own head; reading J-Dub’s text about Emma’s safety. I had to leave before she saw too much. Remembering any of these dreams the next day would be terribly confusing for her.
Claire’s back stayed to me, teasing the ache that consumed my core to see her face again. But I couldn’t chance it. Not wanting to push my luck any further, I slipped out of the house the way I’d come in, locking the back door on my way out. I darted through the trees faster than normal humans would be able to detect, even on camera, and went to check on Stella on my way home. My body reminded me that it had been almost a week since I slept, and I needed to recharge for a couple of hours.


14. The Morning After- Claire


Our house was eerily quiet Sunday morning. Still happily in bed, my legs flexed and toes spread out in a stretch that left me so relaxed I started to sink back through the layers of slumber. I rolled to my side in a cocoon of blankets and felt my muscles surrender to the tranquil state of nothingness.
Then an image filled my head that jolted me into an upright position. I sat perfectly still on my bed, surveying my room for something to write with. I had to get it on paper. Eying my orange spiral and a pen on my desk, I flung myself out of bed to retrieve them.
My pen scribbled maniacally as I rotated the paper one way, then another, trying to make my vision solidify, but I couldn’t quite capture it: the tattoo on the neck of the man with the happy eyes, the man from my dream with the baby who had curly blonde hair. The only shape that was identifiable in the chaos was a distorted sign of eternity.
My dreams couldn’t be real, I concluded, or I’d be able to remember the details. I’d be able to draw them. At least I’d made good on my attempt to recreate it. My focus shifted to my legs, which were stiff from dancing last night. Was I really that out of shape? My whole body was sore.
Maybe I was sick. My breathing had slowed since the hurried attempt to get my dream on paper, and I resolved to tunnel back into my blankets, falling back to sleep as soon as my head touched the pillows.
Undulating curtains of brilliant yellows and greens danced and rippled in my mind. The famous northern lights took over the sky. They began to sway, then fold and unfold, disappearing altogether only to reform in new shapes minutes later. They lit my path through the forest and I knew my steps would not be heard. The earth was still soft from earlier rains, taking the crunch out of twigs and leaves that might have given way under my feet. I felt complete, like my mission was accomplished, and took off in a sprint.
I knew my legs could carry me faster than any other creature in the forest could run, ducking under low hanging branches and bounding over boulders and fallen trees. What should have been blurs of dark greens, reds, and oranges, were crisp outlines of wet leaves, rocks, and the creatures among them.
The wind whispered secrets to me in the form of scents and echoes telling me where to go, until I arrived at a familiar sight. My red brick cottage, from the backyard, was silent and motionless. A yellow glow against the trees on one side indicated that the bathroom light was on. That light brought me back to awareness in my own bed, and I envied the super-human powers I had in dreamland. Sleeping-in proved itself a hopeless endeavor. What time was it? Why hadn’t my alarm gone off?
Suddenly panicked, I rolled out of bed, unhooked my phone from its charger, and saw that it wasn’t even seven o’clock. There were no missed calls. No new notifications. I peeked into Stella’s room, which was empty, and slowly shook my head at her impulsive personality.
Down the hall, Emma was out cold, sprawled out over her bed. Her black and pink costume lay randomly sprinkled over her floor and desk chair. I doubted she’d open her eyes before noon.
Feeling severely dehydrated, I was relieved to find some bottled waters left in the fridge. After pounding one of those and enjoying a long, hot shower, I got dressed in comfy jeans, a long sleeved tee, and hopped into the car. I couldn’t wait to see my dad.
Although, I didn’t like worrying him needlessly over little things, like going out late to crowded clubs. Suddenly realizing I’d forgotten to spend extra time scrubbing the back of my hand in the shower, I glanced down at it on the steering wheel, and was shocked to see that the mask-stamp had disappeared. Strange. I was certain it wouldn’t come off for at least a week. Rubbing the bare skin with my right thumb threw me off with a tender sensation. Was it starting to bruise? Huh. I stopped at a light and noticed the fall colors were beginning to come out. That always seemed to happen so quickly. One day you’d notice a patch of yellow or red and soon the entire town was painted autumn.
I made my way into Dad’s choice of restaurant and left my name with the hostess. My stomach growled as I took a seat on one of the burgundy couches in the waiting area. Warm patterns of reds and dark wood fit like puzzle pieces around the dining room where a large, open fireplace fit in the center. As I waited, a wraparound wall of windows caught my attention and I was eager to see how they showcased our part of Alaska.
The hostess replied to a customer, “Kelley?” snapping my selective attention into focus at the sound of my last name.
“Dad!” I quickly found my way into a papa-bear hug and felt a smidge of homesickness. His familiar smell swathed a flood of memories around me, colliding my Anchorage life with my Colorado world.
“Hey sweet pea,” he chuckled into my ear. 
“Right this way,” the hostess ordered, pinching a couple of menus out of a stack and leading us to a window-side table. “Will this be ok?” She asked us with a scowl that didn’t leave room for disagreement.
“It’s great, thank you,” Dad replied absently, distracted by the view.
“Your server will be right with you,” she promised and placed our menus on the table. Almost as soon as she left, a girl who’d probably had too many cups of coffee took her place.
“Hi, my name is Cathy, and I’ll be your server today,” she chirped. “Can I get you two something to drink while you decide on your entrees?” The words rushed out so quickly it took a moment to make sense of them.
Dad reluctantly took his seat and responded to our twitchy server, “Sure, I’d like an orange juice and ...” he raised his eyebrows at me.
“Coffee, please.” If there was any left.
“Sure thing, I’ll be right back with those,” she recited before vanishing. I flipped the menu open and was let down by the absence of pictures. It was difficult to focus on conversation while simultaneously trying to envision which dish would taste the best. My eyes lingered over words like sautéed vegetables and generously glazed pecans.
 “Anchorage sure is pretty this time of year,” Dad admired, while looking back through the window-wall. Our view of the sea against the mountains was stunning. Below us, yellow leaves of cottonwoods and aspens contrasted against dark pines. The blueberry and bearberry bushes showed off their bright oranges and reds, while fireweed stretched out here and there in purplish hues.
“Ya, it is. It seems like the fall colors are out early,” I said in disbelief. 
“It’s the same back home. We usually have another week or two of green.” So it wasn’t just me; nature seemed to be getting ahead of itself. “Mom said you looked like you weren’t eating enough and told me to feed you while I was in town.” I rolled my eyes and noticed him smiling my favorite papa-bear smile. “Don’t let-on that I told you, though. Your Skype calls really make her day.”
“K, Dad. So, no lecture on coffee today?” I asked before I could stop myself. Dad shrugged his shoulders.
His bottom lip came out a little. “You’re an adult. I just hope you’re not into those energy drinks they have now.”
“Too many calories,” I teased. He shook his head at his stubborn daughter. “When do you have to go back?”
“My plane leaves tonight.”
“Quick trip huh?”
“Always is.”
Our zippy server returned with drinks and took our breakfast order. I hesitantly requested strawberry crepes while stirring an amaretto creamer into my coffee.
“So. Have you run into that Neil guy this semester?” He did a poor job trying to subdue his interest.
“Funny you should ask. He was at a get-together we went to last night.” I took a sip from the restaurant mug and appreciated the way it triggered my senses.
“A party?”
“Sort of. Anyway, he made a complete ass out of himself and I was just glad we weren’t together anymore.”
Dad frowned at the table, probably trying not to visualize what that meant exactly. “So who’s fighting for the next spot in your line of suitors?” His gentle eyes looked hopeful.
“C’mon Dad. I’m here to get an education, not a husband.” He exploded with laughter, which turned a couple heads, but I was used to this reaction. Incidentally, my phone vibrated with a text from a number I hadn’t seen in months. I reluctantly read the message from Neil:

Heard I was a total douche last night. I’m really sorry. Can we talk?

He couldn’t even apologize without turning me off. It shocked me that he was even awake. After last night, he should still be in an alcohol-induced coma. Dad stood up saying, “Think I might have enough time to use the restroom before the food gets here. Be right back honey.” 
“Okay.” I smiled at his proud posture as he made his way back up to the front of the restaurant while I considered responding to Neil. Curiosity made me tap into social networking sites first to peek at his page. His profile picture was a headshot of him in the Zorro mask being licked on the cheek by Trisha as Tinker Bell. Ew.
I closed out of his page and was putting my phone back when it vibrated again. Neil was really starting to piss me off. Ready to tactfully compose a “Go to hell” message, I saw that the new text was from a number added to my list of contacts as “Michael.” My stomach flipped. When did he put his number in my phone? It said:

Get home ok last night? I’ve been worried about you. -MDK

The room shifted. Michael. My gut told me he already knew the answer and just wanted to communicate. My mouth formed into a grin, which I immediately covered with my hand. What would I say? He wanted to hear from me. Maybe I should hold off responding until I had a chance to think about it.
Dad came back before our food arrived, as he predicted, and we talked about home and how some of my old friends were doing. Breakfast fulfilled its five-star reputation, delighting my taste buds, but overfilling my stomach. I didn’t want to let go when Dad hugged me goodbye, but was pleased with myself for not getting teary-eyed. “Get home safe, Dad,” I said as he walked me to my car.
“You bet, sweetheart. Love you.” He opened Lola’s driver’s side door and held onto it while I got in.
“Love you too. Hug Mom for me.”
“Will do.” I smiled up at him and he shut my door for me. With a quarter-wave goodbye, he turned to leave. Buzz.

Does this mean you’re dead?

The grin came back to my face and I couldn’t help but respond to Michael’s second text.

Driving. Sorry.

When I got home, Emma was in the shower so I took advantage of the quiet time to study. The pillows on my window bench formed a perfect reading chair and my bay window kept me connected with the changing forest. I was sucked into my Psych book; reading about inherited factors that affect behavior and mental patterns. The term epigenetics conflicted with my previous understanding of DNA, but made perfect sense. It made me wonder which of my genes had been “turned on” or “off” based on my environment and lifestyle choices.
Staring out to the forest, I also deliberated whether the environment’s impact on gene expression had anything to do with the difference in pine trees here. At home, the tops pointed straight up, but here they seemed to be swooped over like Dr. Seuss illustrations. As I studied the trees, a thick fog began to ease down from the sky, blanketing my mental dissection of epigenetics. Of course, being consumed in thought, I was scared out of my wits when Stella spoke.
“What on earth did you do to poor Herbert and Hulga?” I almost dropped my book, catching it at an awkward angle.
“Geez Stell! Knock much?”
She smiled and said, “I gotta pee, how long has Emma been hoggin’ the bathroom?”
“A while. What’s wrong with your plants?” The bathroom door opened with a flood of steam from Emma’s extra-long shower.
She scoffed, “They’re your plants, or ... were anyway. Be right back.” She disappeared into the bathroom.
Em poked her head into my bedroom, balancing a white fluffy towel on top of it and holding another around her body with one hand. “Hey, how was breakfast with your dad?”
“Good thanks, how’s the hangover?”
“Better, after some pills and a shower.” She tightened the towel across her chest. “Heard your ex was there last night. Did you two hook up?”
“Hell no. He’s such an ass. He showed up with that chick, Trisha, from my work.”
“No way! Lemme get dressed and we’ll talk, ‘kay?” Stella came back out of the bathroom, rubbing her hands around each other with a wild berry lotion.
“Talk about what?” She asked, making her way around Emma and falling onto my bed.
“Last night!” Emma said excitedly. “Be right back.” 
“Ohhhh my head!” Stel grabbed a pillow and laid it over her face. “Kill me now.” She was so dramatic.
I shook my head and asked, “That bad?”
Peeking out from under the pillow she said, “Yeah, but it was worth it. Jason is sooooo ... crazy!”
“Yeah? He seems like a good guy. You two hit it off, huh?” I put my book down and turned toward her.
“Um, yeah. He was a total gentleman and just wanted to hang out, you know. And when the rain let up, we went on a walk to see the lights. They were incredible last night!”
“Really? I must have crashed too early to see them. It was still dark and rainy when I got home. So ... did he round the bases or is he still waiting to bat?” She hid back under her pillow and started kicking her legs in the air with a muffled squeal. “Stella, you didn’t!”
Coming up for air she let out a sigh. “Of course I didn’t,” she snorted. “But we totally made out. You wouldn’t believe what a good kisser he is! No tight lipping, no trying to suck my face off ...” I laughed at her analysis. “He was completely ... there. You know? He was passionate without, like, pushing himself on me.”
“No excessive slobber?” I’ve heard her complaints before and found it amusing to nudge at her pet peeves.
“Not a trace.”
“No fumbly, super gropey, crazy hands?”
“Nope. Just right.” She rolled over and propped her head up on her hand. “No awkward silences either.”
“Wow. Sounds like we might have a winner.” Emma came back in sweats and a faded red T-shirt. She was brushing her wet hair, which was quite a bit longer before the air sucked out the moisture, leaving each strand in a light, buttery spiral.
“Who’s a winner?” She questioned while pulling out my desk chair to sit on.
“Jason,” I filled in, propping my feet up on the bed frame.”
“Oh. The guy from Utah?” She whipped her hair around to the other side and continued to brush it against her shoulder.
Stella perked up, “How do you know Jason?” 
Emma smiled, “Easy tiger. He was here the other night. When all those people were over?”
“Oh.” Stella slunk back down, then shot back up glowering at me. “Hey, where did you go last night?”
“Uh-uh. You know I don’t kiss and tell.”
“What?!” She swung her legs over the side of the bed. “Spill it,” she demanded.
“I actually have some laundry to do,” I said, standing up. “Does anyone have clothes in the wash?”
“You’re not getting off that easy! Sit your ornery ass back down and tell us who you didn’t kiss.”


15. Shadows from Italy- MDK


I woke up to the sound of my phone vibrating against the nightstand. Judging the angle of sunlight and change in temperature I figured it was about nine o’clock. Aggravated for sleeping longer than I planned, I threw myself in the shower and spent the absolute minimum amount of time getting ready. My GT flew downtown to the restaurant I had seen in Claire’s thoughts. Pulling into the parking lot, I spotted her silver Corolla and drove past it to a crowded section of the lot. I parked behind an SUV and a minivan in an attempt to hide from her line of sight but still maintain my view of the restaurant doors and her car.
My focus sifted through nearly everyone’s mind in the building: the “dish-dawg” was feeding a rack of glassware through for a second cycle, two servers argued over who’s turn it was to roll silverware, a customer poked at his over-medium eggs debating whether or not to tell his server he’d ordered them over-easy, while a bus boy complained to the cooks about being “in the weeds” because they never scheduled enough back-of-the-house help on the weekends.
Then I found Claire.
My muscles relaxed at the comfort of hearing her mind and knowing she was there. Safe. Until I realized she was looking at a picture of Neil on her phone. Even worse, were the emotions she felt with her thoughts of ... curiosity? This was unacceptable. I had to change her course of thought. I quickly tapped out a text message to her.

Get home ok last night? I’ve been worried about you. –MDK

It worked. She was excited to hear from me and, after wondering how my number got in her phone, daydreamt of how I looked that day at the zoo. I remembered the scene in her head; we had just pulled into the parking lot and I was strapping her helmet to the back of Rhonda. Yet, she didn’t reply to my text, and I couldn’t find her reasoning why. Frustrating.
Her father returned to their table and stole her attention away from me, but at least she wasn’t thinking about Neil anymore. A smile covered my face as I basked in victory. Opting not to steal from her small amount of time with her father, I vowed to leave her alone until their time together was over.
The air filled my nose with humidity. Had I been concentrating so hard that I failed to notice the change in weather? My windshield was marred enough by the damp air to distort the images on the other side. I squinted through the blur and finally clicked my wipers on.
That’s when I saw him.
To anyone else, he would have appeared as an upscale customer waiting for his party to join him before entering the restaurant. He casually stood around the corner from the entrance with his hands in deep pockets of a high-end foreign jacket, sheltered by the overhang of the building’s roof. If he was trying to look commonplace though, he failed miserably; Anchorage residents didn’t dress this way.
His tanned leather Berluti shoes alone would take the restaurant manager’s next two paychecks to afford. His curly, dark brown hair hung just over his eyebrows, which rose in amusement. His stance was confident. Almost cocky. No one here would have the nerve to greet such a man unless he initiated the conversation. He was, by every definition, upper class.
Aside from his out-of-place appearance, he was peculiar in another way. I couldn’t hear his thoughts. My entire force of focus was nothing against his mental shield. Either there were others who had uncovered the same findings as Dr. Watkins, or someone from our research team was leaking information. I didn’t like this one bit. It made my gut harden. I had to find out what the hell he was doing here.
He had stolen all of my attention from Claire, and it wasn’t like me to lose focus so easily. She was already leaving the restaurant with her father, under the eyes of the waiting foreigner. My mind opened a memory file on cage fighting techniques I’d learned over the summer. Sparring Tae-Kwon-Do and Jiu-Jitsu masters occupied most of most of my free time until I discovered the combination of styles allowed in the newest form of legal combat. Something told me it would be intensely satisfying to feel the resistance of this foreigner’s bones before I broke them.
His eyes stayed on Claire as she told her father goodbye. He smiled every time she did, making my jaw clench. I held onto the steering wheel to keep myself inside the car. The stranger hadn’t really done anything wrong, yet. Just in case, I had to open a line of communication with Claire.

Does this mean you’re dead?

I texted as quickly as possible and hit send.

Driving. Sorry.

At least she responded. This meant I could reach her by phone if I had to. The foreigner’s cell phone vibrated in his coat pocket, which was exactly what I needed. His lack of mental exhibition made me feel blind, but this call would undoubtedly give me something I could work with. It was tempting to follow Claire’s thoughts as she drove out of the parking lot, but I felt a responsibility to uncover this man’s intentions.
My extraordinary sense of hearing would certainly be able to depict every word of his conversation, but I cracked my window just in case. Not knowing more about this unwelcome guest would drive me insane.
“Bueno,” he answered in a gruff Italian accent.
“Luca?” the caller asked.
“Stefano,” he responded in a low voice, identifying his caller as he walked toward a sleek black Ferrari. That asshole. I couldn’t allow him to leave without learning more. Would I stop him? My fingers stroked the handle of my driver’s side door, preparing to thrust it open.
“What have you found?” The voice coming from his cell phone sounded bored.
Luca opened the door to his car while responding, “She is here.”
He was here for Claire.
“Then it is true?” questioned Stefano, a pitch higher than before. Luca slid into his car and shut the door, barely muffling their conversation. I absentmindedly leaned in his direction. Fortunately, he didn’t start his car; I’d much rather hear his conversation without having to drive at the same time. Not that I doubted my abilities, but I couldn’t risk missing a single part of his exchange.
“I believe so,” Luca said hesitantly. “If she is, she hasn’t transformed yet for some reason.” So he knew about our conversion experiment. My mind raced through the faces of students who’d been involved in our research, wondering which one leaked.
“We can’t afford to wait, Luca. The Austrian Ball in London is your last chance to secure Trenton,” Stefano advised.
“What am I supposed to do? I can’t just kidnap her,” he said in disgust. Fury writhed in my veins at the thought.
“She will be there for you when you return. Come back and we’ll map it out,” assured the voice.
Luca hesitated before responding, “Fine. I will leave tonight.”
“Luca?”
“Che?”
“I wouldn’t tell Mauro if I were you. He will claim her for himself.”
“It stays between us, Stefano.”
“See you soon.”
“Ciao.”
My impulse was to annihilate Luca, but he wasn’t working alone. I had no idea how they knew about her or how many of them were involved. My rational side quickly evaluated the ramifications of homicide and offered alternatives. I’d have to consult J-Dub before I did anything. He’d know what to do.


16. Airborne- MDK


Dr. Watkins opened his front door as I approached his house. What’s got you so worked up, kid? His mental tone was teasing but the worry lines on his forehead gave him away.
Mojo threw one of his toys at me as I came through the doorway behind his owner. He was lucky I caught it before it could pelt me in the face. Beat it, Mojo or I swear to God I’ll flush this little guy down the toilet. I waived his toy at him, an orange stuffed baby monkey, before tossing it back.
He snatched the thing up, which was almost as big as he was, and bobbed his head at me a couple of times. His black marble eyes would reveal nothing to a normal human, but his thoughts came to me in a playfully threatening tone as he protectively hugged his little toy and stroked its head.
When was the last time you ate? J-Dub asked, opening his refrigerator with his back to me. That was usually my line.
There’s no time for that, I need your attention, J-Dub. At that, he closed the fridge door and gave me the rare privilege of eye contact. I ran through my memory of the morning’s events for him, taking extra measure to capture the foreigner, Luca’s conversation verbatim. Perfect recall was useful on so many levels.
His eyes widened with the new information and he finally concluded, You’re right, there is no time. You’d better start packing.
Where am I going?
London, idiot. But you ought to give the girl some warning first. Leave her my number if you’d like. I’ll keep an eye on her. 
Shouldn’t we both go? I questioned, suddenly skeptical of his motives.
Kade. Think about it. If I’m with you, who will watch out for Claire? He had a good point. Can you think of anyone else you could trust with her? A very good point. Not to mention you’d never forgive me if I left without you and was unable to track Luca. Fine. The fact that his brain worked quicker than mine was irritating, but helpful.
“How do they know about Claire?” I demanded vocally—another rarity between us. He wasn’t on board with speaking aloud.
This is news to me too, Kade. I’d imagine one of our study members slipped a word to an outsider. It’s out of our hands now, just as we feared. Too bad we haven’t developed some sort of memory eraser for failed participants.
Why do you think he can block me?
J-Dub merely raised his eyebrows at me in response. It was obvious that somehow, Luca had gone through the same conversion we had. Our research was either unoriginal or being duplicated, and it was up to me to discover which.
You’d better strap up, kid.
J-Dub, they check for weapons at airports.
Who said anything about airports? My mind ran through a list of travel possibilities, trying to figure out what he was implying. Get something in your stomach, pack up, warn the girl, and meet me back here at 2:00.
I was ready to follow orders when I considered his advice. Jay? He looked at me impatiently. What do you think a bullet would do to one of our kind?
His demeanor became thoughtful. I’m sure it’d slow a guy down long enough to be useful.
I gave him a single nod, shot a crusty look at the monkey, who hissed back, and flew across J-Dub’s front lawn to my GT.
My thoughts were surprisingly collected. I wouldn’t know what to say to Claire face-to-face, or even over the phone for that matter, but I sped through town to Claire’s work, where I could leave a note for her to find later. J-Dub instructed me to eat and pack first, but I wouldn’t be able to eat without knowing this had been done. We had a different priorities.
The bookstore was closed Sundays, so I snuck in through a window and dismantled the alarm before it sounded. Finding a pen and paper at her counter, I scribbled a note:

Claire, I have to leave for a few weeks. Please be careful, there are worse things than drunkards and ex-boyfriends in Anchorage. If you feel like you’re being followed call Dr. Watkins; his number is in your phone. I’ll be back as soon as I can and will explain everything. -MDK

My stomach twisted at that promise. I wondered if I would be able to explain everything. Would she want anything to do with me once I did? I didn’t have time to revise my letter, so I folded the paper and slid it under her keyboard. The only way I could ensure that she’d find it there was if I slid the keyboard out of place. Claire was a perfectionist. She’d have to move it back, exposing my note before she could continue with her day.
A smile tugged at the corner of my mouth as I thought about her stubborn personality. I missed her already. Maybe I’d have time to … no. No time. I sped home, practically inhaled some leftovers from the fridge, and threw as many items as I could in a large duffle bag. My classy suitcase ensemble was convenient for wheeling through airports, but it sounded like I’d better stick with something I could throw over my shoulder for this trip.
Then I had to face the challenge of deciding which hand gun to pack. It had been a while since we went to the shooting range. As I stood in front of my gun safe, I recalled how accurately the HK had performed. It would fit perfectly in the black shoulder harness I’d already strapped over my shirt. Filling the cold, hard clip with ten rounds and ensuring the safety was on, I slid the handgun into its holster under my arm.
“Where the hell are you going?” Brandie crossed her arms and leaned against the doorway.
For half a second I considered telling her. “Shooting range.”
“You need a duffle bag with toiletries and extra clothes to go to the shooting range?” Damn. She’d been in my room.
“Just think, sis. If someone tortures you to get information regarding my whereabouts, you won’t have to endure the pain of deciding whether or not to rat me out.”
She responded by walking away with her middle finger in the air.
I threw on a jacket, wondering if a concealed firearm was even necessary, but concluded that it would be better to have it and not need it, than need and not have it. At that thought, I shoved some extra ammo in the duffle bag and headed out.
Once I pulled into J-Dub’s drive, I heard his thoughts, Pull around back, Kade. You should leave your car in my garage while you’re gone.
He stood waiting for me in front of the open detached garage he had built for toys he never used. I slid out of my car and threw my duffle bag over my shoulder in one fluid motion. I need you to put your number in Claire’s phone before she gets to work tomorrow, I sent to J-Dub while following him to his favorite mode of transportation.
No problem, he sent back. We hopped in his already running, silver corvette and raced through the hills to a private airport where he drove right onto the runway. “Thank you for accommodating us, Christophe,” J-Dub said to the man approaching us. He introduced me with his hand on my shoulder, “This is Kade.”
The thin co-pilot thought about the large sum promised to him by Dr. Watkins as he shook my hand, paying no mind to the possible reasons for a last minute private flight to London.  “We’ll need to make a couple of stops, but we should have him there in approximately 24 hours,” he assured J-Dub.
“That will do,” he replied, patting me on the shoulder. I nodded back to him and followed Christophe to the plane. He gave me a brief tour of the passenger suite, introduced me to the pilot, and told me to make myself comfortable, as it would be a long flight.
After about an hour in the air I checked my phone. Brandie messaged me asking to let her know where I was when it was safe to do so. I’d address that later. I tapped the email icon on my phone and noticed a few new inbox items.
J-Dub sent me details regarding my ride from the airport to a hotel, the specifics of my reservations there, and said the ticket vouchers to The Austrian Ball would be waiting for me at the front desk when I arrived. Why he thought I’d need two, I had no idea. Although it was nice to have the details worked out, I couldn’t help but feel like J-Dub thought me incapable of managing without him. Perhaps he just wanted to feel like he was contributing to this trip which could highly affect our research and possibly existence.
About half way through the trip my phone was completely out of service. No calls. No internet. No signal. I was up in the clouds with two strangers and no connection to the outside world. By the time my phone came back to life we were only couple hours from our destination, allowing me to memorize maps of London and surrounding areas. I was just scanning blueprints of the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel, and some buildings I found peculiar on Google Earth when we arrived.
Without needing sleep on a nightly basis, the jetlag facet of travel was completely eliminated. I checked into the hotel and found a tux for the ball with time to spare. Though the hotel itself wasn’t extraordinary by my definition, the 70-year old ball room complex was magnificent. Light from elegant chandeliers was mirrored in the polished floors beneath them, spreading out under waltzing guests and outlying tables. I was imagining Claire in a glamorous, pale blue ball gown, wrapped in my arms when an employee offered me champagne from his tray. I accepted his offer in to blend in. Then I received direct thought from an unfamiliar mental voice.
What are you doing here? It couldn’t have come from the employee, whose thoughts were easy enough to sift through, so I quickly searched the ballroom for the source. My quest felt pointless until I noticed a man on my same balcony platform of the cocktail room. His light brown hair poked up from his head in such a disorganized way that, combined with a couple days’ worth of facial stubble, seemed rebellious for the setting.
He was looking in my direction from about eleven feet away and closing that distance. I searched for his motives but found nothing. Just like with Luca back in Anchorage, the void of thoughts made me uneasy. When our eyes met, the mental voice of the direct thought came again. I thought I’d met all surviving Trexel in the country. “I’m Giorgio,” he said aloud, extending his hand.
Usually face-to-face conversations were an automatic vocabulary enhancer. The memories, feelings, and associations people made with words I didn’t already know told me what they meant and were filed away in my newly perfected memory. Giorgio’s mind gave me no such courtesy. I consolidated my list of questions into a single word and sent it back in the form of a direct thought; Trexel? At the same time, I participated in our vocal conversation.“Kade,” I said aloud, grasping his outreached hand.
With a firm grip, our hands shook once, then let go. We both hesitantly leaned over the golden banister. I watched a line of tuxedos twirl an assortment of extravagant ball gowns below; while he narrowed his gaze at me. He seemed confused at my question. His face shifted to the side with his eyes still on mine, like he was trying to get a read on my thoughts.
Giorgio’s humorless mental pitch lightened to a more friendly tone. Where you from, Kade?
I’m Canadian, I sent back while taking a sip of champagne. His eyebrows lowered. This was not the answer he was looking for, but I wasn’t sure I could trust him with much more of a response.
After a moment, he passively shrugged his shoulders. It was difficult having this type of conversation with someone other than J-Dub. Others usually allowed me the secret advantage of picking through their unguarded thoughts. This guy made me feel off balance. Whatever he was trying to uncover was hidden from me. 
He lowered his gaze to the people below as he continued our mental conversation, Transformed Employer of the Xenogenic Element, which you are, obviously. But how are you unaware of it? He placed his forearms on the banister, looking distracted by the dancers to anyone who may have been watching.
My brain carefully tucked away his unabbreviated definition while I worked out a response. I stood upright, looking past him to a small group of humans and took another sip. I’ve only been able to hear thoughts for about a year, if that’s what you’re asking ... to which he also straightened and looked directly into my eyes, as if that would allow him access to more information.
How can that be? We transform at adolescence. He snapped a look at a small group of guests nearby. I scanned their thoughts for anything unusual while looking down into my glass.
… Those men look like they’re arguing …
… They look important, maybe they’re secret service ... or drug dealers…
… I wonder if they’re mafia … 
“Perhaps we should take this to a more private environment,” I suggested.
A spark lit his eyes, “I have a dinner appointment at 8:00 in the Oak Room. You should join us.” Giorgio visualized the room in the hotel for me and I nodded to accept his invitation. Then he vanished. The onlookers had no idea how he disappeared but surprised me with dismissive acceptance.
… weren’t there two of them a moment ago? I must not have been paying attention when the other one left …
… what happened to the other guy? I swear… huh … this champagne must be stronger than I thought … I wonder if I could get a dance in with that redhead before I leave …
I walked to an outdoor balcony and called J-Dub.
“Kade,” he answered.
“Is Claire ok?”
“She’s fine. What do you need to tell me?”
“Luca’s not the only one. There’s a ... a whole race. They call themselves Trexel, and their conversion happens naturally … at maturity.”
His calm tone eased through my phone with a single word, “Interesting.”
“I’m meeting with one of them for dinner in seventeen minutes.”
“Perhaps he can lead you to Luca.”
Unease rippled through my body as I considered his words and responded, “If he’s not already at our table.”
An uncomfortable moment passed before J-Dub finally responded, “Be careful, Kade.”


17. Meet the Band- Claire


Monday I found a note hidden under my keyboard at work.

Claire, I have to leave for a few weeks. Please be careful, there are worse things than drunkards and ex-boyfriends in Anchorage. If you feel like you’re being followed call Dr. Watkins; his number is in your phone. I’ll be back as soon as I can and will explain everything. -MDK

Even though we weren’t supposed to have our cell phones out at work, I quickly pulled mine out under the counter and sent him a message:

Call me?

 My phone immediately buzzed with an error message. I tapped on my “Contacts” icon and scrolled down until I found it: Dr. J. Watkins. A mobile number had been entered but no other information was listed. I was tempted to call Dr. Watkins for further explanation, but didn’t want to cause unnecessary alarm. I did, however, feel eyes on me everywhere I went from that point on, and was totally paranoid when approached by strangers, no matter how innocent the situation.
My week moved slower than usual without the hope of seeing Michael in Psychology. Yet I made it through to Friday unscathed and, to my knowledge, un-followed. Emma’s volleyball team left town that afternoon for a game, but Stella and I drove to the zoo to support our friends from the audience.
We arrived slightly later than planned, but Jack and Stewart were supposed to be the last band, so we ended up with plenty of time. Stella found a way to wiggle us up to the front row anyway, despite the tightly packed crowd. 
The current song, which was a little too heavy for my taste, came to an end, and an enthusiastic announcer stepped onto the stage. “Let’s hear it one more time for Rage on Sight!” The outdoor audience clapped as the band left the stage and the presenter continued, “Our last band for the night is back by popular demand, let’s give it up for BlueStack!”
The audience began to hoot and whistle as Jack and Stu casually made their way to center stage. The announcer half bowed and took his exit. My stomach twitched around in a nervous kink for my friends, but they appeared entirely composed.
Jack took a seat with his guitar while Stewart grabbed the mike, “Thank you ... thanks guys ...” the crowd quieted so he could speak. “So I’m Stewart, and this is Jack on base.” Shouts and applause interrupted him again. How did these people know Jack and Stu? The look on Stella’s face said she was just as surprised as I was. They’d been holding out on us. I felt a little left out. Stewart’s hand rose to quiet his fans once more. “... and we’ve got a few jams I think you’ll dig.” 
He seemed like such a poser in person. But here, in front of all these people, he was ... charming. Jack’s guitar introduced a song that must have been familiar to those around us, because their cheers were so loud they threatened to drown him out. Then Stewart’s voice eased over the crowd who either became quiet or sang along. It took him some effort to tame his big voice for the quiet parts, but that just added to the emotion behind his lyrics. 
When I thought their first song was coming to an end, Stu pulled something from his shirt pocket and cupped it with both hands in front of his mouth. “When did Stu pick up the harmonica?” Stella yelled my question over the music and cheering fans. I shrugged my shoulders in response.
Their instruments went back and forth for a moment, as if talking to each other, then came together for a climactic ending. Despite the fact that we met him over a year ago, I hadn’t seen the real Stu until that night. This was definitely his element. This was his kingdom. 
They even had passionate shout-outs by wannabe groupies. “I love you Jack!” someone screamed from behind us. Jack nodded the swoop of hair out of his face and skipped a note to point in the direction of his admirer. “He’s SO hot!” The voice squealed a little closer this time. I allowed myself to look in her direction and couldn’t have been more surprised.
Vanessa from Psychology tugged forward through the crowd holding her friend’s hand. “Did you see that, Kate? We have to meet him!” When she caught me looking at her, whatever expression I had on my face must have rubbed her the wrong way, because her eyebrows lowered.
In place of a greeting, she turned her nose up and looked back to the stage. I didn’t bother telling Stella about it, afraid she might make things awkward. She’d probably try to gain some sort of revenge on my behalf. Besides, it was a nice night and it belonged to our friends on stage.
After “BlueStack” wrapped up their last encore, the chattering audience—considerably larger than when I had come with Michael—began to disperse. “I heard at their last show they came out to meet fans,” Vanessa said excitedly to her friend. As if on cue, I spotted Jack and Stu heading our way.
They looked naked without their instruments.
“You made it!” Stu called to us. Vanessa eyes popped out as she realized he was talking to Stella and me. A small group caught him first to exchange words and shake hands before letting them through. When they finally made it over to us, we took turns exchanging hugs.
“You guys were really good!” Stella praised.
“You sound surprised,” Stu laughed while watching his foot kick the ground. “Where’s Emma?” His posture gave away his disappointment at her absence, but straightened up when we told him she missed it for volleyball. Vanessa and her friend hovered to my left. As tempted as I was to snub her, I stepped sideways, opening our circle to them. “Hey guys, I’d like you to meet my friend, Vanessa and—”
“I’m Kate,” her friend chimed in as they exchanged handshakes. Stella’s confused facial expression made me smile. It dawned on me that Vanessa might actually be a decent person, just not used to rejection. She probably handled it poorly because she’d never had experience with being turned down. I returned Stella’s questioning glare with a wink.
“So, do you guys have anything out yet? I haven’t been able to find any of your songs ...” Vanessa took over the conversation uninhibitedly. 
“Not yet,” Jack admitted, surprising us by joining the conversation.
“I have connections in the industry if you’d be interested in getting studio time.” Vanessa had connections. Surprise, surprise.
“Sweet, maybe we should get each other’s number,” he suggested enthusiastically. I watched my Friday night become even more bizarre as Jack confidently spoke to one of the most beautiful women I knew. At the thought of unparalleled beauty, I missed Michael. It hadn’t even been a week, but his absence already seemed to have worn a hole in my chest.
The lack of communication with him stressed me out. I began to feel like the droid I’d once compared him to in my head: physically going through the appropriate motions, devoid of any emotion, especially at work.
Trisha never did tell me what happened between her and Neil at the Masquerade, but I figured since she didn’t mention his name, I wouldn’t either. We weren’t exactly BFF’s, but we were getting along well enough to work together without tension.
Neil must have given up hope of rekindling anything with me, as he stopped sending me apologies. He probably found someone else to chase. I could only think of one person I wanted chasing me.
Maybe someone in his family was ill … or the Canadian government had finally located his whereabouts after he fled from a crime.
Not likely.
Perhaps he had some amazing job offer. But why would he be gone for weeks? Why would his phone be disconnected? Worst of all, why couldn’t he let me know what was going on?
My G.P.A. was perfect.
I got a raise at work.
I continued daily tasks to the best of my ability without feeling any of it. It was silly, really. I’d barely met him a month ago. It wasn’t like I’d lost a family member, but it felt like I had.
My plants, Herbert and Hulga, were brought back to life a couple of times thanks to Stella, but when she found them wilted and brown yesterday, she gave up on them as well as my ability to care for plants altogether. I felt bad. I really tried to keep them happy but kept forgetting to water them and accidently left them in the windowsill too long. I couldn’t even keep plants alive; God forbid I have children someday. They’d have to be fed every day!
I moped around our cozy cottage all by myself on a stormy Sunday, and was tempted to take a nap, but didn’t want to have the dream again. It wasn’t really scary by itself, but creepy because it was so realistic and, of course, reoccurring.
After reading an email from my mom, I sat at the desk in our study and stared at the lonely windowsill that killed my poor plants. My fingers tapped lightly on my laptop as I tried to think of a convincingly upbeat way to reply. The windowsill had no answers. It merely shadowed the raindrops racing down the glass above it. My instant messenger window popped up with a familiar sound effect. It was my mom:

Joyce Kelley: Hi honey.

Claire Kelley: Hey Mom, I was just responding to your email. How was church?

Joyce Kelley: Didn’t go. Your dad’s not feeling well, so we decided to cuddle up and stay home. What are you up to today?

Claire Kelley: Avoiding a Calculus assignment at the moment. Is he ok?

Joyce Kelley: He’ll be fine, just caught a bug. How are you?

Claire Kelley:  Other than not getting any sleep, I’m great.

Joyce Kelley: Stress?

Claire Kelley: Weird dreams.

Joyce Kelley: Want to talk about it?

Claire Kelley: It’s mostly just random stuff ... but I do have a reoccurring dream. There’s a baby girl with curly blonde hair like ... reaching for me.

The indicator dots said she was typing a response, then stopped, and started again. Finally, my mom’s response populated beneath mine.

Joyce Kelley: Did you know you had curly blonde hair when you were little?

Reading her words reminded me of the few pictures they had of me as a baby. One in particular, was taken of me on a rocking horse holding up one finger, possibly pointing at the person taking the photo. The rocking horse was on my grandma’s covered deck. I closed my eyes for a moment in deep concentration and remembered playing on that deck as a child.
Manicured vines crawled up support beams and draped along the edge of the roof, providing the perfect amount of shade. I remembered liking the breeze that cooled us off, bringing the scent of the neighbor’s lilacs with it.
In the photo, I wore a dark blue cotton dress with tiny white flowers or ... stars on it. The ruffled red shorts completed what must have been a Fourth of July outfit, and framing my little round face were wispy, wild, yellow ringlets. I did have curly blonde hair.
The cold, flat barrier in my dream must have been a mirror and my gut told me I knew this all along. I responded to my mom:

Claire Kelley: Huh. Must have been something I remembered from your photo albums I guess.

Joyce Kelley: That could be ... everything else ok?

Claire Kelley: Ya. Hey, do we know anyone with a tattoo on the back of his neck?

Joyce Kelley: A Tattoo? I don’t think so, honey. You sure you’re ok?

Claire Kelley: Just the dreams, they seem so real. I’m fine though, really. Stressing about my weekend assignments.

Joyce Kelley: Sorry, I’ll let you get back to your homework. Take care of my girl.

Claire Kelley: No, it’s okay. Thanks for saying hi. Miss you guys. xoxo

Joyce Kelley: Love you.

Cringing at the amount of Calculus homework calling my name, I stared through the blurry front window. There had to be something else on my to-do list that could justify putting homework off. As if answering my dilemma, an increasingly loud rumble from outside announced the arrival of Stewart’s black 25th edition Camaro. I only knew this detail because he boasted its significance to everyone.
The car was in pretty good condition for an older model, but I still thought it was ugly. Stu tried to convince me of its awesomeness once, but after trying to explain the specifics, the only thing I remembered was that the T-top glass had glittery specs in it; not very manly, if you ask me.
To my surprise, Emma got out of the passenger’s side. She and Stu held hands as they dashed to the house through the sleet, which didn’t necessarily bother me; it’s just that my vision of Emma’s ‘type’ was entirely different than Stu. Thinking back through their time together I should have seen it coming, and I had to admit they really did look good together.
They were playfully arguing about something when Emma opened the door. After setting down a couple of delicious smelling fast food bags, Stu helped Emma take off her jacket. Her curls fell back to her shoulders as he pulled it away and he whispered loudly, “If I said you had a hot body, would you hold it against me?” Emma wrapped her arms around him with a smile.
“Knock it off, you’re embarrassing me,” she said through her teeth.
“No Jack today?” I interrupted, karate chopping the awkward air.
“Are you kidding? His lazy ass doesn’t roll out of bed ‘til noon on Sundays,” Stu said, tossing their jackets on the sofa. He kissed Em on the cheek, who bit her bottom lip and avoided my eyes.
 “Does your mom know you’re dating a junior?” I teased. From what I saw of her mother, I wondered if anyone would ever be good enough for her Emmalynne.
She turned her red face to me and shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t think my mom needs to know I’m dating anyone. Hey, we picked up some sandwiches for you and Stella. You should come eat with us.” 
“Really?” That was a nice surprise. “Thanks,” I replied. I rose from the leather office chair and trailed behind them into the kitchen. “Stella’s not here, though. She rarely sleeps in her own bed anymore.” I sulked as I slid down the first available kitchen chair. “She spends every spare moment with Jason.”
This fact was truly irritating. Not only did I miss my best friend, but I was unable to pursue my own infatuation. Stu and Emma weren’t listening anyway, but it felt good to get that sentiment off my chest.


18. Oak Room- MDK


It was obvious where the dark oak paneled meeting room got its name. Before I was permitted to enter, two large men with bad haircuts patted me down and confiscated my handgun. I wished I’d carried a weapon at my ankle as the search did not go lower than the top of my socks. Too late for that now. Surveying the 32 men in the Oak Room did not reward me with a single readable thought. There was one other entrance and a fireplace, but no windows. My escape routes were limited.
Giorgio raised a hand at me from the long table centered in the room. Saved you a spot, kid, he sent. His condescending label did not offend me. In fact, he actually reminded me of J-Dub. Though he looked younger than me, he seemed much older. Maybe it was the suit. That aside, I knew I could take him if I had to.
Strange looks took me in as I helped myself to the empty seat beside him. I wondered what answers I’d find in this room. Looks and nods were exchanged between them and Giorgio as if confirming the acceptability of my presence.
“Do you think we’ve confirmed Trenton?” One man asked another from across the table.
The fellow on Giorgio’s left replied, “Most likely. But even if we have tests done during vaccination sending us the population’s status from the beginning, it is useless if they don’t transform.”
“At least we’d know who’s eligible. We’d know if the bloodline is even being passed down to other generations.”
“Well, what if it’s not? What if we go through this process and involve people who should otherwise be in the dark simply to find out that we’re exactly where we thought we were from the beginning?”
“You’d rather just not know at all? Remain completely oblivious to any possibilities? Why don’t you just go live in a cave if you wish to be so removed from all sectors of society—”
“Not removed, just not … populating. There is nothing wrong with finding contentment in my own existence and contributions to civilization.” Their conversation was interrupted when someone else entered the room, yelling at me with his thoughts.
Who do you think you are, taking a seat at MY table without permission?! My adrenaline kicked in. The cocky, pissed off Italian took the head of the table. It was the man with thick, dark, curly hair. The man I’d followed here from Anchorage.
Luca.
Giorgio snarled as if responding to a secret conversation. “He is my guest, Luca,” he grumbled forcefully, standing to intervene. The two guards, who’d just patted me down, whirred to my sides and lifted me out of my seat by my armpits.
A voice inside my head warned me not to fight back. I was escorted to Lucas’s end of the table where he mentally ordered me to kneel. Now that was pushing it. Nothing could make me kneel to him. At least that’s what I thought until my knees were kicked in from behind me.
The men at my sides used the momentum to force me downward in a rehearsed fashion. I was not used to being evenly matched, let alone outnumbered. One of them grabbed a handful of hair from the top of my head and pulled down, forcing my chin to my chest. Strong fingers, Luca’s I’d guessed, clasped the back of my neck, then abruptly let go.
“What are you?” He demanded vocally for our audience. “Where’s your mark?” His question thudded against the back of my brain and rang through my head in search of an answer. I had none. He scoffed at my angry silence. “Well there’s one way to find out,” he grumbled. His lips pursed as he made a circular motion in the air with his finger.
“Pack it up, gentlemen. I think Kade would like a tour of the tank.” My judgment of his tone concluded that he spoke these words aloud to instill fear. The effort was not entirely wasted.
“Damnit Luca, hear me out,” protested Giorgio. I heard no response but assumed their conversation continued telepathically as I was escorted out of the room by guards. They towed me as inconspicuously as possible around the ballroom and through large doors to a waiting limo. Throwing me down in the back would have been painful to a human. One of the men wedged his knee between my shoulder blades, pinning my chest to the floor.
Had they been human, they’d swiftly lose their limbs and extremities which bound me. As it were, my best chance at freedom was to remain still for the moment. I stayed silent and cooperative. Luca joined us in the back, barking a command in Italian to the driver, “Prendici al torre del mare.” It converted in my brain to something like, “take us to the sea tower.” Whatever the hell that meant.
Based on the motion of the limo’s turns and the amount of time we’d traveled, I guessed we were about 25 miles north and east of downtown London. The ride was void of vocal conversation. Being left out of mental signals which were certainly taking place pissed me off. The lighting changed as we slowed to a stop in some sort of underground parking unit.
Up, commanded a mental voice. I was allowed to exit the car at my own will and used that to my advantage. If their thoughts were hidden from me, mine were likely hidden from them also. As soon as my foot touched the concrete, I was in a dead sprint in the opposite direction. Perhaps the thought of me fleeing was so stupid they hadn’t even considered the possibility—it took a moment before I heard their pursuit.
The air in this forest was much different from that of the Alaskan wilderness. Scents of fresh vegetation, diverse animal species, and entirely new ecosystems signaled to me through the hums and fragrances of the wind. I thought surely the guards would know their forests better than me.
I was right.
The sounds of their footsteps finally haunted my trail and were gaining on me as I flew around trees and over rocks. My stride began to stretch even longer, as if I was gaining strength from their pursuit rather than tiring from it, when I literally ran into Luca.
The force of my impact was so strong that we both fell back against a tree. It cracked, groaned, and fell into branches of the trees behind it while plummeting to the earth. A four letter word escaped my mouth. Luca was instantly to his feet, using the back of his hand to wipe his bloody nose. My head must have made an impact. Good. 
We were shortly accompanied by the two guards from the Oak Room as well as three other men. This time, they put unusually large shackles around my wrists and ankles before hauling me back. Luca addressed one of the new guys as “Stefano” and walked alongside him, followed by two more men, then myself, and the two guards behind me. We passed the underground parking area as Luca’s question echoed through my head.
‘Where’s your mark?’ he’d asked. The four men in front of me had identical tattoos on the back of their necks, which must have been what he was looking for. Theirs looked like a band of organized knots around some sort of infinity symbol. It didn’t look like black ink embedded by tattoo gun though; it was more like a dark scar. It was as if someone had taken a branding iron to their necks. I wondered if that was the mark for their particular group, or the Trexel as a whole. He could not determine what I was, or possibly who my affiliates were, without it.
“His strength and speed prove nothing!” Luca spat out of nowhere, turning to Stefano. Our procession halted in front of a large, ancient, stone wall.
“Mauro should be consulted,” Stefano replied sternly. Their conversation did not seem like it was meant for me to hear. Then it hit me. Direct signals must only be possible to send to one person at a time. If they wanted the group to be included in the conversation, they would have to speak aloud. I’d never have been able to figure this out with J-Dub; we would have needed a third participant.
“This is MY decision,” spat Luca, who straightened up and pushed his dark brown locks off his forehead. His eyes darted to each of the men behind him as if searching for disagreement. Satisfied with the silence, he proceeded to feel along the wall until he found something of interest.
Using both of his hands, he pushed on an odd oval rock until it gave way, triggering a heavy wooden door to unlock about 23 feet down the wall. Dim moonlight copied our silhouettes in dark shades of grey against the wall as we moved.  The two men behind me made grumbling sounds as if they were trying to keep their own conversation private while our parade continued.
After shuffling through the door, we were forced to walk single file down a narrow hallway. No flashlights were necessary if their vision was similar to mine. I followed my captures up a twisting set of stone steps, through a seemingly abandoned castle, and into a well-lit, immaculate ... aquarium. The bizarre design of this night just kept spinning.
Luca signaled to the men behind me while nearly hissing at Stefano, “If you are so convinced that he is, then you have nothing to worry about.”
Stefano dismissively waived off something through the air, trying to hide whatever bothered him. “He might not forgive you for ruining his suit though,” he muttered.


19. The Tank- MDK


Before I could comprehend what they intended to do with me, someone pick-pocketed my wallet. The guards slid their arms through mine to haul me across a wet, grated floor and tossed me through the air. I was instantly submerged in water and sinking.
Shock threatened to paralyze me, but my survival instincts went into hyper drive. I tried to kick, squirm, and thrash my way out of the shackles to no avail. Their weight or possibly magnetism pulled them rapidly to the bottom of the tank, taking me prisoner.
Clunk, clunk echoed through the water as the shackles around my feet hit the bottom. I could not move them. They wouldn’t even slide along the floor. My pulsing reception fed a mass of data to my brain. Primarily, there were no other creatures in the tank with me. There was also something wrong with the water. Its composition included an extra chemical that didn’t seem to fit in with my knowledge of the periodic table. Repressing a wave of panic, my thoughts sifted through my initial oxygen experiments with J-Dub after the conversion.
We estimated that the new efficiency of our systems would be able to survive on the same oxygen for approximately thirty minutes, though I’d only held my breath for seventeen minutes during testing. I stopped moving in hopes of preserving some of that oxygen.
So I had seventeen to thirty minutes to figure my way out. I did not waste precious time with hope of rescue. Based on the echo of my landing, the tank was about forty feet in diameter and three times as deep as I was tall. Tick-tock-tick-tock. The lack of organisms in the water did not surprise me as I figured the temperature to be barely above freezing. If I were human, this would be problematic. My fingers explored the cuffs around my wrists trying to decipher their composition and I wondered why they weren’t drawn to the bottom of the tank like the shackles at my feet.
Pushing my right fingers under the cuff on my left wrist was painful, but not unbearable. I concentrated on the strength in my fingers and commanded them to form a fist. The left shackle resisted at first, bent slightly, and finally snapped under my right fingers as my fist came together.
One down.
Since my hands were freed from each other, I didn’t bother removing the right cuff, but squatted to work on the bulky shackles at my feet. They were not as pliable. In fact, they would not budge. I had never encountered such a metal.
The minutes slipped by as I worked each angle of the damn contraptions around my ankles. Every effort mocked me. My mind raced to Claire and the possibilities of her future if I wasn’t there to protect her. If the Trexel wanted her, they would at least have to deal with Watkins in my absence; unless he was on their side. I wondered if my captures were still above me or viewing me from an underground observatory, enjoying my demise.
My head pounded from the lack of oxygen while the anxious hammering of my heart pulsed through every limb. I had been holding my breath for about 32 minutes. Panic resurfaced at my inability to make further progress and my chest tightened. I was so focused on escape that I had not allowed myself to consider death. My time was gone.
Relief at the decision to give in was quickly replaced by the discomfort of water filling my nostrils and throat. I expected to black out, but continued to observe the way my lungs and stomach reacted to the replacement of air with water. Death was unkind.
My skin did not prune at the long duration of water submersion. My eyes were not irritated by the water or lack of light. It was unsettling to concede that I might have to watch whatever the Trexel were going to do with my body, rather than pass on to some celestial afterlife. For better or worse, I thought there must be an afterlife.
Yet, there I remained in my tank of hell. Suddenly my eyes popped open wide as I considered the idea that I might not be dead. Perhaps I was somehow able to use the oxygen in the water. My theory tested positive as I commanded my limbs, languid from surrender, to flex and move against the resistance of the water. Realization washed over me as I convinced myself that I still had control of my senses.
Fury and relief battled through my saturated chest as I considered this entire experience a test. Stefano was concerned about my suit of all things. I sent a direct signal to him. You can let me out now. The shackles at my feet clicked and sprang open.
They must’ve had a remote system or magnetic release mechanism. I wondered how often this test was performed or if any of Luca’s test subjects actually died in this very space. My body did not float to the surface as I expected it to, so I kicked my feet and pulled my arms against the water. More efficiently than I’d imagined possible, I shot to the surface.
My hands reached the grated floor and pulled the rest of my body swiftly up and over. Converting from air to water wasn’t terrible, but the opposite burned my nose and lungs as I heaved the tank water back out of my system. I could breathe under water.
Unbelievable.
Six pairs of fancy black shoes remained motionless as I chose my next move. Apparently Stefano felt I would live through the tank, but Luca forced me through the test because he was unsure. Had I been human, I would have died.
He was willing to kill me in order to find out.
Though I knew I’d stand a fair chance against him one-on-one, I knew better than to test that supposition with five of his bodyguards around. I would not show weakness in their presence. My rage would only reward Luca’s barbaric display, and possibly tempt him to use his temporarily superior position.
I took a deep, burning breath of humid aquarium air as I got to my feet. Soggy tuxedo material clung to my skin while my toes squished in their socks. The warmer temperature helped me return to the state I considered normal as I absorbed the situation.
The group of black suits were statues, with the exception of Luca, who took a step toward me. Before words could escape his stupid mouth, I held a hand up to stop him, spitting one last mouthful of tank water over my shoulder.
After wiping my mouth with a wet forearm, I glowered at him, speaking aloud before he had the chance, “You owe me a new suit.”

—————

Stefano tossed me an ankle-length overcoat before opening the back door of the limo. While feeding my arms through its sleeves, I watched Luca and the four others disappear back into the forest. I hesitantly fed my soggy carcass into the car, followed by Stefano, who sat across from me. Although he offered no apology, he sent a remorseful tone with his direct thoughts, Luca is impulsive ... but he has lived a far longer life than most Trexel in these parts, earning a superior rank among our kind.
He is a leader?
Still subordinate to our ruler—
Mauro? I interrupted.
He nodded and finished his thought, Luca is powerful nonetheless.
Why is my existence so insulting to him? I demanded.
Threatening may be a better word. We don’t ... understand your kind. It is not often that we are left questioning one’s mortality.
My anger resurfaced. The tank—
Is extreme. But, he shook his head, occasionally necessary. Luca does not demonstrate much tolerance for other … super species. Stefano glanced out the window at the distant lights of London, then his eyes came back to mine. How many more of your kind are there
?
My hesitation gave in to fatigue, and I found myself wanting to trust Stefano. I sent him the truth to the best of my knowledge. One.
Your ... maker?
Yes.
You can be assured Luca is on his way to Mauro now. Tonight’s events will be displayed for him without bias and he will decide what to do with you. I stiffened at the thought. I would recommend that you stay in your quarters until further notification. You will undoubtedly be monitored, followed, and taken back into custody if necessary. Should Mauro offer the mark of the Trexel, I suggest you accept it … My brain computed possible alternatives while our eyes remained locked. He lowered his forehead and finished his sentence, with honor.
My left hand flew to the back of my neck, feeling the unmarked skin. What would that mean, exactly? I then dug under the shackle which was still locked around my right wrist. Knowing what to expect made the brake easier to accomplish this time.
Stefano’s eyes widened at the broken cuff as it fell to the floor. He exhaled and slunk back into his seat. Protection, for one. But in exchange, you must give your unrestricted loyalty—
To Luca? I sent with disgust.
To Mauro, he corrected, and yes, to Luca as well, but only because he is Trexel. We are bonded. Like a tribe. We protect each other. Our research and secrets ensure the success of our future.
Trexel are not the only super species on earth, but most display an instantaneous … affiliation. Without the mark of the Trexel, you are assumed to be an enemy, which has not been a large obstacle for hundreds of years. We tend to remain within geological confines.
His explanation triggered a new red flag, Would I be allowed to return to my home in Alaska?
Assuming you still want to ... I ... am not sure. That will be decided by our ruler.
The limo stopped in front of my hotel. Stefano did not move to escort me further, so I nodded my thanks and exited the vehicle. No longer dripping but still soggy, I entered the lobby of the Sheraton. The elevator obediently brought me to the level of my suite and I staggered down the hall to its door. Had anyone seen me, I’d probably be taken for a drunkard who’d fallen into one of the hotel fountains. I was more exhausted mentally than anything.
After finding my cold, damp pocket empty, I stared at the locked door to my suite. My wallet was gone, and with it, my room key. My forehead sank to a hard meeting point with the door as I considered my options. The most human thing to do would be to ask the front desk for a replacement key, but they would not likely welcome the sight of me at their front desk.
Out of habit, I retrieved my phone from its pocket only to find a soaked electronic device which was about as useful as a block of wood. My temper got the better of me and I sent the clump of metal flying down the hall. It smashed into a cloud of pieces against the taupe wall startling the poor cleaning lady who’d just arrived by elevator.
“Sorry,” I said, while sending a subliminal message to her. Controlling people like puppets usually rubbed against the grain but my spectrum of good and bad was no longer easily defined. I just wanted results. She nodded and walked to my door, unlocking it with her key, and continued down the hall with her cart while I slipped into my room.
It'd only been a day or two since I slept, but I felt the urge to build up strength for my unavoidable meeting with Mauro. Yet even after a long, hot shower, I had a difficult time relaxing. Conversations I needed to have with J-Dub kept creeping into focus, periodically interrupted by daydreams of reuniting with Claire and being able to explain all of this to her someday.
I wished I could call her from London but couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation for my disappearance or even an estimated date of return. After pacing the floor, I succumbed to surfing random thoughts of hotel guests which helped push everything else to the side long enough for me to pass out.


20. Trade of the Trexel- MDK


An impatient hotel phone rang me to consciousness the next morning. Reluctantly lifting the flat black annoyance to my ear, I answered in a gruff voice, “Hello.” My head spun against the unknown as I fell back to my pillow, waiting for the caller to respond.
“Heard you had quite a night, Kade.”
The voice was familiar; one of my new acquaintances. “Giorgio,” I replied.
“Can you be ready in fifteen minutes?” His voice seemed friendly enough. At least it didn’t hint at torturous experimentation.
I chose to face my fate. “Sure.”
“Perfect. I’m almost there. Meet me in the lobby.” Click.
Thirteen minutes later, I was showered, dressed, and out the door without bothering to shave. My reflection in the elevator mirror caught me off guard with the scruffy change. The grey in my eyes seemed darker and the assurance behind them was subdued.
Giorgio sat on a white lobby sofa, pretending to watch the guests strolling along the black-and-white checkered floor when I stepped out of the elevator.
You probably need some breakfast after the tank, he teased sympathetically.
That would be ideal, I sent back on my way to his sofa. He stood at my arrival and shook my hand.
“Top ‘o the mornin’ to ya,” he smiled with his vocal greeting.
“Likewise. Where we headed?” 
“A little riverside cafe,” he said leading us out of the hotel,
“Stupendous.” And after that? I sent skeptically. I followed him to a black car parked just outside. He smirked but didn’t seem offended by my accusing tone.
Once seated in back of the car, he held out my wallet and HK. My eyebrows shot up as he offered my possessions back to me. I slid the gun into the waist of my pants under my jacket, wishing I had the holster. The black leather wallet felt its normal weight as I slid it into my jacket’s interior pocket.
“Thanks,” I said sincerely. My confidence was returning. Our driver took us through the streets of London, whose scenery was accented with an autumn palette. I hoped Giorgio would give me answers about Luca, or at least lead me to him.
He continued our conversation privately; Mauro will meet with you today. This did not come across as a threat, but wasn’t offered as an optional event either. He requested that I show you something first, though.
I smiled sarcastically as I responded, The last time I was given a tour, it didn’t end well. Amusement filled his eyes at my lighthearted summary of the previous night’s events.
We stopped for a much needed breakfast before driving to a massive pair of towers on the east side. The twin buildings mirrored the sky as we approached. Giorgio led us through the entrance, allowing me to examine his Trexel mark on the back of his neck. A large man greeted us from behind a counter, unsurprised by Giorgio’s arrival. The security scanner next to his desk sounded as we walked through, thanks to my HK, but the guard quickly turned it off and sat back down at Giorgio’s signal.
After closing a door behind us, Giorgio zipped down the hallway at a speed normal humans wouldn’t be able to see, let alone keep up with. I stayed right behind him. Sharing company with others who had similar abilities was bizarre. He slid his hand under a scanner triggering a metal door before us to slide open. I watched carefully as he pulled it back. Somehow I’d missed the fact that his ring bore a conspicuous resemblance to my own.
We entered a large room and I examined the ring on my own finger, wondering how much J-Dub knew. Perhaps there were deeper connections than I’d imagined.
I didn’t notice that you had a key already, Giorgio sent, eyeing my ring. Did Stefano deliver it? I wasn’t sure how to respond. We stopped at an elevator when he sent, Go ahead; try it out. Rather than offer an explanation, curiosity forced my hand under the scanner.
A familiar fan of red light swept across my ring, triggering a beep, and the button for the elevator lit up. Appears to be working properly, Giorgio sent, nudging his chin in the air at my hand. The elevator doors opened while my thoughts ran wild. J-Dub said my ring was unique. It alone would open both the doors to our lab as well as my own home.
Words like sabotage and conspiracy clouded my befuddled brain as my previously completed puzzle of this world finally exploded.
The pieces went everywhere.
We’re only going up seven floors, Giorgio sent in an amused tone. He mistook my rapid heart rate and ragged breath for elevator anxiety. If only my fears were that simple.
The seventh floor held one of the most elaborate labs I’d ever seen in person. Every employee here is human, he sent. Then I jumped when he chose to speak aloud, “As you can imagine our accelerated rates of cellular reproduction and antibody generation would be invaluable to the human race.” I figured our vocal conversation must be out of respect for the employees.
He walked at a normal human pace to a display of large monitors featuring intricate graphs and coding technology. “Rachel here is one of our most efficient coders,” he praised the girl who held up a finger as if warning us not to interrupt. Her scent was eerily similar to Claire’s, sending a wave of homesickness over me.
After she tapped a string of numbers into a handheld device, her laurel green eyes looked up at me through wraparound safety glasses. Oooh! Her thoughts screamed as if she was caught off guard, but her composure was impressively controlled. Hello handsome, she thought. A polite smile lit her face.
“Er, Rach, this is Kade. He’s ... Trexel,” he introduced me in an apologetic tone. Her cheeks flushed as she quickly nodded.
“Nice to meet you,” she said in my direction. Her thick eyelashes swooped down and her thoughts were suddenly filled with equations as she walked away.
They’re aware that we can read thoughts and have come up with a reasonably effective way of keeping us out when they feel we may be snooping. Sorry, I didn’t feel it necessary to explain your specific situation, but she deserves to know of your … abilities. Giorgio chuckled and continued our tour. Pretty little thing, isn’t she? He must have felt my longing for Claire and mistook it as a desire for Rachel. 
“We’ve established dedicated areas of research for each of the heightened Trexel senses. Hearing, taste, touch, sight, and smell each have an entire floor devoted to studying that particular sense.” We rounded a corner to an observation area where a row of humans in lab coats typed away at computers. Their director paced back and forth behind them. Her earpiece must have allowed her to communicate with their subjects; two Trexel members sparring underwater in an observation tank.
They looked familiar. Yes, after thinking back to Luca’s meeting in the Oak Room, my memory sharpened. It zoomed in on their location sitting on the opposite end of the table from Luca. I remember their faces; quietly taking in my presence and Luca’s reaction to me. Here, they wore nothing but tight black shorts and white, quarter-sized sensors spackled across their skin. Their combat was similar to cage fighting, if someone were to watch it in fast forward motion. Had it not been for the way the water lifted their hair, and the waves of little bubbles from their movement, it would be difficult to tell they were underwater.
“Trexel volunteers come in on a regular basis like lab rats for various tests and blood withdrawals.” Although the underwater fighting looked like fun, I couldn’t grasp the reasoning.
“Why?” I blurted out before I could take it back. “I mean, of course, it would be nice to have a better understanding of our biology, but I would think the ability to read minds, influence others, and heal the way we do without them knowing—”
“Would give us an advantage?” Giorgio filled in. “Of course you’re right, Kade, and we have kept it secret for the majority of our existence. But humans offer a different viewpoint. They may not have perfect memory, or instant association, but their perspective and creativity offer a fresh outlook. Machines can make up for the rest.”
A curtain of reverence fell over his face and his shoulders slumped slightly as he continued, We have failed our attempts without them, and … immortality can be brutally lonesome.
The pieces from my mental puzzle, which had recently exploded, began to vibrate and whir until they swirled into a vortex of precisely controlled chaos. My new understanding of life was coming together in a more elaborate, four dimensional puzzle. I had never thought of myself as an immortal.
Of course, I knew the chances of my dying from disease or old age were virtually impossible after the conversion. My ability to heal almost instantaneously ruled out a slew of other possible deaths and, thanks to Luca, I knew I couldn’t drown but … immortality? 
My face muscles hardened at the new title. I was learning to grasp the word “Trexel,” but “immortal” was surreal.
It was powerful.
Giorgio pulled a vibrating phone from his pocket, glanced down at it for a moment then tucked it away again saying, “Looks like our tour is getting cut short.” He looked up at me and continued, “We can come back after our meeting in Italy if you’d like.” 
“Italy?” I replied, hoping the interruption didn’t signal anything excruciating ahead. I followed him across the floor to another locked door. My thoughts eagerly returned to our conversation as his ring unlocked the way to a skyway bridge.
He checked his phone again as we walked at a human pace through the glass hallway toward the other tower. I couldn’t help but ask, “How is it lonely?” The word flew off the end of my tongue like an insult. These people, these immortals, had everything they could possibly want. Yet they were employing humans, trusting them with our secrets, because they were lonely?
“Ah, you are so young.” He shook his head. You see girls like Rachel and can envision yourself loving them, making love to them, having a life with them. What happens when she grows old and you do not? How do you recuperate when she dies and you live on? Could you imagine having children who do the same?
My eyebrows lowered at his question line. Though I was not interested in Rachel as he assumed, my vision of a future with Claire was being threatened. Giorgio kept his eyes on the floor as we walked across the sky bridge. I did the same, admiring the treetops below.
I have watched line after line of my family live and die, Kade. After you learn this lesson for yourself, your heart will harden, too. The concept of love will be synonymous with poison to your soul. It is an unforgivably lonely existence.
The silence between us was a thick wall of hurt by the time we reached the other side of the bridge. I followed him to the next elevator in confusion. “It is ... impossible to love another Trexel?” I finally brought myself to ask aloud, embarrassed by the missing factor which refused to reveal itself to me. He shot me an odd look as the elevator brought us down to the lobby.
I have never met a homosexual Trexel, Kade. He shifted his weight uncomfortably.
“That’s not what I meant,” I quickly replied aloud.
Then understanding lit his eyes. You think there are female Trexel, don’t you? Of course I did, until he said that. His words implied that the Trexel world was exclusively male, making it suddenly difficult to breath. We walked down a windowless hallway to a private exit facing the opposite direction of other building, but the same black car waited for us nonetheless.
Luca’s conversation with Stefano in Anchorage suddenly held new significance. Of course Claire would be invaluable if she were the only female with immortal potential. An entire race would vie for her companionship without knowing anything about her. I wondered if she’d be given a choice, or if they’d take her by force. I had to warn her.
She deserved a choice, but would not likely be given one by these immortals. Luca wanted her. My hands balled into fists against the black leather seats as I envisioned his cocky face … with her by his side.
I wouldn’t allow it.
We’ll reach the runway shortly, Giorgio interrupted my thoughts. And we’ll be in Italy in a couple of hours, where our ruler will decide if he thinks you are worthy to join the Trexel. My insides squirmed, though I remained a statue and continued to peer out the car windows as the driver stopped at a light.
Detached from my life and research in Alaska, I considered the reality of my existence. Not only was I part of a superhuman race, but I was immortal. The pedestrians waiting to cross the intersection seemed utterly fragile. They could scar, age, and die. I could live in the damn sea if I chose to, and become the monster of legends or, alternatively, join the Trexel immortals who’d attempted to murder me yesterday.
Has he ever denied Trexel affiliation? I asked Giorgio.
I’m not sure if it’s ever been an issue. His hands rested on his knees while his eyes met mine. You either are ... or you aren’t. Usually, the Trexel bloodline reveals itself when the boy comes of age and transforms naturally. At which point, he subconsciously draws existing Trexel to him and we initiate him with our mark. We drove through the city in silence.
When we turned off the main road I shook my head at the sight of another private runway. I’d logged my share of miles in the air, but never on a private jet until two days ago, and here I was about to take another one to Italy. We waited in the car while they prepped the aircraft.
Giorgio broke the silence with another direct thought. The only other immortals we’ve encountered are violent. They do not eat and drink human food as we do, but rather, they survive on the death of mortals.
My head snapped to the left to make eye contact with Giorgio again. His face held no sign of feigned information, only a hint of his disgust for the creatures. Looking away he continued, Of course their way of life is inexcusable so we execute them whenever our paths cross.
How? My imagination couldn’t get past silver bullets or steaks through the heart. Murdering an immortal; the very thought was contradictory.
The only way we’ve found to successfully destroy them. We drown them in the same solution you got to enjoy last night.


21. Scarred- MDK


Shade and sunlight alternately flickered over us as we drove across a pebble stone road. Although the flight from London was nearly two hours, it seemed to stretch far beyond that against the unknown. Our driver slowed to a stop at a familiar black-iron gate and Giorgio’s window powered down, allowing his hand to reach out to the scanner. His ring was brushed by the red fan of light, opening the gate in front of us, just as mine did back home.
Once the palace was in view, I searched for thoughts. The butler and a few cleaning ladies anticipated the arrival of an important guest. When we got closer, a bascule bridge began to lower. I didn’t think there was enough water this far inland for such a bridge. Upon further observation, I noticed the palace was on its own island, far above the waterline which surrounded it. An opening bridge couldn’t possibly be necessary this far above the water. We were crossing an honest-to-God mote. After passing the bridge and pulling around to the main entrance, a suited man opened the car door without a word, or thought.
Giorgio and I walked to the entrance where another man greeted us with, “Put ragazzi. Mauro vi aspetta.” Mauro was expecting us. He turned and led us down a great hall while thinking intensely about a piano piece he was writing. Like Rachel at the lab, I suspected he was trying to keep us out of his head. He stopped at a set of giant doors and slightly bowed his head as if dismissing us from his services. 
Giorgio confidently entered the room while I played the role of shadow. My peripheral vision noted our reflection in a mirror spanning the far wall. In the room’s center was an obscenely large fireplace, structurally similar to mine at home, though this one featured an unusual light fixture above it, whose surrounding glow hinted at hues of blue reacting to the fire’s smoke. A handful of men with silent thoughts were spaced around the perimeter; Trexel Guards.
In front of the fire, a grand rust-colored chair sat with its back to us. Its occupant’s left hand and forearm were the only visible part of him, unmoving atop the armrest. His forefinger modeled another ring like mine.
Giorgio led us to the area rug between this man and the fireplace. The heat from which, sunk under my skin and pushed through to my bones. Its spiteful spears licked upward in a mischievous dance making me sweat before my body could adjust. It felt as if we’d left mortal earth and entered the waiting room to the first level of hell. I quickly surveyed the room and considered escape. 
Until I saw Mauro.
He stood from his chair and took Giorgio’s face in his hands like a cherished artifact. They hugged and kissed each other on the cheeks as if they were at a private family reunion. Mauro told Giorgio, “Bello vedervi.” Which felt like, “Good to see you.”
“E’ stato un lungo periodo di tempo.” Giorgio said, converting in my head to, “It’s been a long time.”
He then turned to me. Though large in stature, he had an unthreatening disposition. The sincerity in his smile linked him to the man I saw in Claire’s dream.
“So you are Kade.” The shift in the room told me he spoke aloud about as often as J-Dub did.
“And you are Mauro.”  A slight bow of his head confirmed my statement. The room relaxed a little.
The gentleman who escorted Giorgio and I earlier approached us again asking us to, “Si prega di esserese duti,” while gesturing to the couch behind us. We took a seat. Mauro returned to his chair, stared into the fire, and continued our conversation as J-Dub and I often did: silently, both deep in thought, and appearing to be unaware of each other’s presence to anyone else in the room. 
Luca says you survived the tank, he sent without emotion.
Yes. Apparently I can breathe underwater; a rather unpleasant experience, but seemingly one that disproves enemy status here. My tone was bitter. His chin raised a fraction.
And you disagree? He sent, swirling a thick red liquid in a wineglass he’d just retrieved from the table beside him.
That it disproves enemy status or that I am not an enemy? I focused on the fire which was still mocking me. His drink swirling ceased.
Either.
I decided my counter was irrelevant as I mostly agreed with both statements.
Well, Neither.
Mauro laughed out loud; a deep laugh that came from the belly, making everyone in the room jump.
Although I cannot bear actual testimony to the first, I admitted.
Agreed, he quickly sent back. And you are fortunate on that account. He sipped his wine and Giorgio stood impatiently to pace the room. Noting his discomfort of being left out of the conversation, Mauro spoke aloud, “Are you aware of your maker’s history?”
Giorgio stopped mid-stride at the turn in conversation, and rejoined me on our couch.
“Before our research—no. Not exactly.”
“He and I are … business partners, though it may surprise you, given our assembly here today.” Mauro stood.
So did I.
He strode slowly to our leather sofa stopping casually to face me. The guards looked nervous. “Dr. Watkins is unaware of our existence, Kade. As his financial backer I have chosen to remain anonymous, but have had a significant influence on the direction of his research for my own personal advantage.” The other’s reaction to our proximity made me edgy.
“Which would be?”
“To find the only female said to be of Trexel blood; my only descendant who possesses the appropriate mutation for conversion—”
“A female Trexel?” Giorgio interrupted, but was silenced by a pointed look from Mauro, whose hands came together, fingertips to fingertips, and pressed slowly against each other in an accordion fashion.
He continued to answer my question, “To uncover my only prospect of an immortal relative. A great, great, great ... great granddaughter if you will.”
“How do you know she exists?”
My bluff was interrupted by the butler who came in to whisper something to him, but Mauro shook his head, “Nah vi fai aspetere,” telling him to make someone wait outside. Who or why, I couldn’t figure out through their thoughts. Then back to our conversation, “That may be difficult to explain.” His eyes locked with mine, holding my focus captive. “She and I have met in an unusual way. She was just a baby. Although she does not realize it yet, her dreams of this meeting are a memory of a very real event. I believe you have seen me through her thoughts in these dreams.” Giorgio’s head snapped in my direction with a look of surprise. My eyes tightened as I tried to figure out how my memory of the dream had leaked through, unguarded.  “... and you were clever enough to discover her significance for yourself.”
He raised his right hand and rested it on my shoulder. The room seemed to take a step inward. “Thank you for finding her for me.”
I was wordless.
“You have proven yourself worthy of the Trexel mark, and I would be honored to do the same for Dr. Watkins. Surely, we could benefit from representation in your part of the world.”
“Then I would be allowed to return home?”
“Of course.”
“And Claire?” Giorgio’s eyes widened as we casually discussed this top secret individual.
“Will do as she pleases. Though, I will of course try to persuade her to take her rightful position among our people.”
The breath I took at that moment was intensely satisfying with the exception of the menacing scent from the flames nearby.
Claire would be safe.
“Thanks to your research with Dr. Watkins we can now provoke the conversion which no longer seems to take place naturally, and Claire can become what she was born to be. That is, if she chooses to join her immortal family.” He turned to pace back and forth in front of the fire. My feet were rooted to the floor. Giorgio seemed frozen as well, lost in his own thoughts.
“You should know, Kade, that there are other immortals who live quite differently from the Trexel brethren. Long bereft of civility or … moral obligation. These rabid creatures take pleasure in the demise of men and feed from their very souls. Though our mark is invisible to humans, the others can feel it from a great distance. It heeds as warning to any who dare hunt near our territory.
“It simultaneously serves as an indication of loyalty from fellow members should you need their assistance. As such, the best way to protect Claire in this life would be to convince her to acquiesce to Trexel representation as well.”
He spoke as though I had already accepted which, I guess I had, just not verbally.
Mauro stopped pacing near the fireplace. This fire burns the only element known to scar the Trexel kind. The same element is lethal to our immortal enemies if submerged in its solution. Once marked, you will be marked forever. The pain, though brief, is excruciating, and one you will never forget in your perfect memory. Giorgio winced. “Do you accept, Michael David Kade, the mark of the Trexel, and swear your eternal allegiance to our family?”
Without hesitation I answered, “Yes.” He nodded and turned to lead me around the fireplace. My reply was not the result of a difficult question. It felt perfectly right, until that is, I saw the restraints. We were facing the other side of the fireplace wall when I saw them: four cuffs which reminded me of my ankle shackles from the tank. A string of men led by Luca were filtering in behind us as well.
Mauro waited until they were placed in a ceremonial position around us. “Most of these Trexel you met in London, I believe,” he said while gesturing to them. Luca acknowledged me with a smirk, but Stefano and most of the others gave me a respectful nod. “They are here as witnesses, and will introduce you to your Trexel training once you’ve been marked.” He then handed what looked like a mediaeval cattle brand to Luca, who made his way to the fire with it.
Giorgio had unlocked the restraints and, after placing a strange metal bit in my mouth, motioned with his head for me to step into them. Once in position, my ankles were locked together, but arms were straight out to my sides against the stone wall in front of me. My head could no longer turn, as my face was now the inhabitant of an oval indentation in the wall. A strap was tightened along the back of my head and I was completely bound. I briefly wondered what type of morbid trap I’d allowed myself to walk into.
A clank from the fireplace was followed by the smell of that blue flame which had been taunting me. Luca did not attempt to hide the pleasure he took in sending, Brace yourself, Kade. This is really going to hurt.
Every muscle I could consciously control flexed in anticipation as the metal branding iron pressed against my skin. It felt ice cold on the back of my neck, but I knew that could not be the case, as I smelled my own flesh burning under its intense pressure. It seemed not only to make contact with my skin, but to melt down into it; into the subsurface tendons and muscle.
I had never known such pain. If I could have thought about anything else, even remember how to scream, I would have. But I was frozen in a mixture of awe and utter disbelief of the agony which paralyzed my entire being.
Then it was completely gone.
The strap behind my head was undone as the shackles popped open. I staggered backwards out of them into Giorgio’s awaiting grip to balance me, and a guard held out a small tin for me to spit my mouthpiece into.
“Welcome to our family,” Mauro said. Giorgio gave me a strong pat on the back and nodded to Luca, who held out his right hand. I reflexively shook it, but reserved acceptance, as I had yet to figure out what I’d witnessed in Anchorage. I don’t think Mauro was privy to his fining Claire, and intended to keep my knowledge of that affair to myself until it was necessary to do otherwise.


22. Snow Day- Claire


Halloween never frightened me before, not even as a child, but not understanding why Michael had to leave, or the reason behind his ambiguous warning, made today’s holiday completely creepy. Not to mention the howling wind that kept me up through most of the night. It was so strong I imagined it detaching our roof a few times.
Pushing my collection of blankets off so I could get out of bed, I noticed a change in the air. It was crisp and smelled like winter; someone must have turned on the furnace. Even so, the chill bit at my toes so I clumsily felt around my top dresser drawer for a pair of fat socks. After pulling them on and slipping my arms through my favorite Broncos hoodie, I headed for the kitchen. It seemed brighter than it should be. I must have slept in.
Squinting through sleepy eyes, I read the numbers above the stove realizing I actually had plenty of time to get ready for work. Stella’s loopy cursive sprawled across the dry-erase pad on the fridge: 

Happy Halloween!  
Pumpkin Spiced Eggnog in the fridge. 
Love, Stella

I would have welcomed a shot of spiced rum to go with it. A dull throb behind my eyebrows warned me that a migraine would follow if I didn’t take something for it soon. Ibuprofen would have to suffice. As I chased down the brown pills with a glass of water, I found the source of our too-bright kitchen. The windows on our French doors revealed white weather; it was snowing on Halloween! I inched my way to the doors and breathed little heat ovals against the glass while noting we’d acquired at least a foot of snow overnight.
This was either really good or really bad.
With all the snow, the bookstore could be closed and I’d have the morning off. Otherwise, I’d have to bundle up and face the freeze on foot. There was no way I trusted Lola to make it up unplowed roads without snow tires or chains. I tugged on one of my thick orange strings of my hoodie, trying to make it even with the other one, when Emma strolled into the kitchen. She opened the fridge and shuffled a few items around inside.
“Hey girl,” she greeted me sleepily, pulling out a bottle of water. 
“Hey Em. Aren’t you gonna be late for class?”
“Snow day. Thank God my professor had the decency to email us,” she said, before taking a swig of water. I grabbed my phone off the counter in hopes of finding an email or missed call from work. “You gotta go to work in this?” She asked sympathetically.
“Dunno yet. Doesn’t look like anyone’s called.” My thumbs went to work texting Trisha.
“Well, I’m gettin’ my buns back to bed,” she mumbled through a yawn, and put her water bottle back in the fridge. “Mmmm, eggnog. We should get some spiced rum.” She closed the door and pushed a few curls out of her face.
“My thoughts exactly.”
“Hope you don’t have to go in,” she said, sounding like she really meant it. “We have some chick flicks to catch up on, you know.” 
“You’re right. I’ll take you up on that if I get to stay home.” I looked back through the windows saying, “Enjoy your bed.”
“You know I will.” Her voice faded as she disappeared down the hall.
I tapped on my email icon, checked my messages again, and still had no confirmation. Damn. I became acutely aware that Mom’s urge to buy me Dynamite-style moon boots would actually be warranted. They would be put to good use today. I pushed the thermostat up a few notches and heard the furnace kick back on. It was toasty warm by the time I got out of my shower and my headache had disappeared. 
After stuffing grey tennis shoes with bright orange accents into my backpack, along with schoolbooks to fill downtime at work, I shoveled down some granola cereal and reluctantly exchanged my cozy environment for a subzero escapade to work. It was painfully obvious that our street housed sleeping students instead of responsible adults who’d have already shoveled sidewalks. We didn’t even own a shovel.
Lifting my knees higher than usual to make a set of tracks through the snow was exhausting. By the time I made it to the light, my feet were dragging and I felt more like a snowplow than a pedestrian. I had worked up a sweat but my ears, nose, and fingers felt frozen. If only I would have made coffee, my fingers would be holding a warm travel mug instead of becoming numb in my fuzzy grey mittens. I talked myself out of turning back several times with the argument that all this effort would be in vain if I gave up.
Rounding the final corner, I saw a tall figure studying the store door as if he were reading something. I knew it; we were closed. Man, I should have stayed in bed. “Is it locked?” I asked the customer, announcing my approach.
“The sign says you’re closed for the day,” replied a low, familiar voice. He looked over at me with a hint of excitement in his crooked smile.
“Michael?!” I hadn’t recognized him under the brimmed beanie hat. His shoulders supported a fur-lined hood that looked incredibly soft. I withheld the urge to run and pounce on him.
“I’d wager classes will be canceled also. Looks like you have some time to kill,” he advised nonchalantly. My thoughts were unmanageable. He seemed … different. The shades of grey in his eyes, dark around the outer circle and lighter in the center, looked unreal against the white backdrop. Flakes danced down from the sky, making his mysterious features seem even more secretive. Greek Gods would envy his perfection.
“Well, that’s a shame,” I teased. Hazy little heat puffs escaped with our words. I gave into the grin that was begging to surface as I surveyed the snow-globe campus.
“Would you like a ride?” He asked in a tone that said he already knew the answer, and offered me his elbow. I fed my arm through his as a million jumbled questions bumped against each other in my brain. He led us up an un-shoveled path to the only vehicle in the parking lot—a Hummer. 
I looked up at him and asked, “What happened to the GT?” He was pleased I remembered, according to his dimple.
“Back-wheel-drive doesn’t usually do well in the snow.”
“A Hummer, on the other hand,” I continued as if it was the only reasonable alternative.
“Well, if you lived where I do, you’d understand.” He helped me remove my backpack and placed it in the back seat while I climbed up to the passenger’s side. I pulled off my mittens, exposing red fingertips, which throbbed under the heat of my breath. I’d never been inside a Hummer and marveled over the huge amount of space inside this one, then shook off a chill as I considered what it would be like to walk back home in this frigid weather.
His snow tires crunched over white roads with authority, earning my respect for his choice of vehicle. I wondered how his expensive palate was funded. Was he taking me home? Or maybe another surprise destination, like the zoo. First things first. “So is everything okay?” I asked, still breathing into my hands.
“That’s a loaded question,” he replied, keeping his eyes on the road.
I narrowed it down, “Do I have to worry about being followed?” I tried not to sound irritated.
“Nope.” He pushed the defrost button and we drove through town as happy snow flurries turned into a steady gust of quarter-sized flakes.
A raspy female voice came over the radio announcing a song from “our own local talent, the one and only BlueStack!” I straightened up in my seat as if it would help me hear better.
"Can we turn this up?" My question came across as a demand. His hand was already on the dial, like he anticipated my request before it came out. I pulled my phone out and speed-dialed Stella. The first song from Jack and Stu’s concert at the zoo filled the airwaves.
“Hey Claire,” she answered.
“You near a radio?!”
“Ya, I'm in the kitchen. Why?”
“Turn it to eighty-eight-one,” I ordered.
“Just a sec ...” I heard some clanking and rustling until she’d managed my request, then her words rushed out, “Hey is that ...?”
“Jack and Stu!” I shouted, ignoring the fact that I was right next to Michael.
“Holy crap, it is them!”
“Right?!”
“Guess your psycho friend in Psychology does have some connections!” Michael’s shoulders shook a bit. Was he laughing? He couldn’t have heard her through the phone, could he? Maybe he was laughing at my excitement, or something else altogether.
“Guess so! Hey, tell the boys I said congrats. We’ll have to celebrate later.”
“I’m on it. Later babe.”
“Bye.” 
Michael shot me a look and asked, “Friends of yours?” Something told me he already knew the answer.
“Ya, a couple of guys I know. They actually played at the zoo a few weeks ago.”
“They’re good,” he approved.
“They’ve got a great sound, huh,” I casually agreed. I tucked my phone away as he pulled up to a gas station, past the pumps, and into a parking spot right by the doors.
“I’ve gotta grab a paper,” he said, putting the Hummer into park. “Do you need anything?”
“Sure, but I’ll just come in with you.” I unbuckled my seatbelt. He looked like he was about to counter my statement with an alternative, but decided to get out of the car instead. “Want me to lock it?” I felt silly asking, but figured it was better safe than sorry.
He was already on the sidewalk waiting for me. “What do you mean?” he hollered back.
I figured he probably had a remote lock on his keys but now I had to explain myself, “Do you have anything ... valuable in the car?”
His face lit up with understanding before he replied, “Nope, I’m taking you in with me,” and turned to hold the gas station door open for me. Totally embarrassed, I shut the car door and went inside, unable to look him in the eye.
He studied the stands with newspapers in them, a concept I thought died long ago, while I fought an internal battle over which type of gum to buy. I beat him to the cashier, placing the little green pack I’d selected on the counter.
“Will that be all for you today?” the employee asked without the slightest hint of true concern.
“And this,” Michael interrupted, adding his newspaper to the purchase, while pulling out a card before I could protest. I thanked him on our way out and felt a twinge of excitement as we got back into the car and headed the opposite direction of my home.
We drove through a few blocks of businesses when the Hummer turned off the last road familiar to me and began winding through the forest. My pocket vibrated. Michael pretended not to notice as I pulled out my phone and opened the text from Trisha:

No work today.

That would have been nice to get a couple hours ago. I didn’t bother replying. Her text forced me back to the present, though, and brought me down from my high. I needed serious answers.
“So, you said you’d explain when you got back,” I pointed out. He stiffened a little, knowing exactly what I was talking about. I could feel my face betray my efforts to remain cool, calm, and collected.
“Yes, I did.” He looked sideways at me and quickly added, “... and I intend to make good on that promise.” The muscles in my face relaxed a little.
We hooked around to a tunnel barreling through the mountains. It only permitted us to enter by about half a car length before we were blocked by a gate. His window powered down so he could stick his hand out and hold it under a scanner. A “beep” was followed by a “click” and the black gate began to roll back. Through the tunnel we went. My eyebrows knitted together.
“Fingerprints?” That seemed a little extreme. His left hand reached over as if he were holding a pretend handgun gangster-style at someone through the windshield, until I realized what he was showing me.
“My ring holds the codes like a key,” he replied with a factual tone.
The “Batman theme song” sprang from my lips, “dunna nunna nunna nunna, dunna nunna nunna nunna...” 
He chuckled in retort, “Batman’s got nothin’ on this.”


23. All in My Head- Claire


Michael’s home was nothing shy of a modern castle. We parked in a large detached garage, which also housed a couple of motorcycles, the GT, and something under a crisp white car-cover. After reluctantly departing from the warmth of his Hummer, he handed me my backpack and waited for me to put it on. Then he took my hand.
He led me through a covered walkway to a side room apparently meant for muddy boots and coats. Watching him hang my coat next to his, I slid my ridiculous moonboots under the bench on which I sat, and stretched out my toes out in their socks. Finally, I looked up saying, “This is amazing.” A grin reached his eyes while he held out his hand to help me up. The last few weeks of worry vanished. “Do you ... live here alone?” I walked with him down a hallway.
“For the most part,” he replied over his shoulder. “I have a few guests at present, but doubt we’ll see them today.” I was getting annoyed by his answers which only triggered more questions. He instantly added, “My sister is in from out-of-town, and a couple of my ... business partners are staying here as well.”
After making it through the hallway, and past what I assumed was a laundry room, we entered an enormous kitchen area. He glanced over at me for a moment then opened one of the black cupboards. I watched him pull something out that looked like a coffee container.
He read my mind.
“So ... you’ve heard that humans only use a portion of their brain, right?” I nodded. “Well J-Dub and I began researching this theory about a year back, and sort of ... discovered a way to tap into some of that unused space.” My eyebrows shot up without my permission. “Actually, he’s been researching it for years, but pulled me into it last fall.” His statement was so random I didn’t exactly know how to reply.
“J-Dub, meaning Dr. Watkins?” I put together, as if that was the most interesting piece of information that had just been unloaded.
“Right. See, when an object persistently stimulates our senses, we become numb to it. Our sensitivity to that stimulus fades. This is called sensory adaptation, which can happen very quickly. If our sensitivity didn’t weaken, we’d suffer from sensory overload.” He looked up from the stack of filters in his hands to confirm understanding, but must have seen something in my expression that asked for a deeper explanation.
“See, right now you’re not simultaneously focused on the sturdiness of the column you’re leaning against, the sound of the clock ticking, the pressure of your arms across your chest, the fading flavor of your gum, or the feel of your hair against your neck. These are all on the back burner so to speak, so you can pay attention to whatever’s front and center. You do notice those smaller things, however, when they change.”
I left the column to sit on top of the dark granite island, which was about the size of most dining room tables, in the center of his kitchen. He pressed a button on the coffee maker and continued, “So naturally, J-Dub and I experimented with forced sensory overload, an excruciating experience, and accidentally accessed an undiscovered part of our brain in the process.”
“And now you can hear people’s thoughts,” I deduced.
His eyes squinted for a moment at my conclusion, then he agreed, “That is one of the more significant side-effects, yes.” The familiar smell of brewing coffee seemed to help me maintain composure as I struggled against previous views regarding telepathy.
“And you’re the only ones with this ability?” I questioned in disbelief.
He shrugged his shoulders and hooked a thumb in his front pocket as he made his way over to my counter. “With the exception of an obnoxious little monkey J-Dub keeps around. Others have been tested, but we’ve found only those with a specific DNA mutation will actually have the capacity to activate the connection.” He leaned back against the counter, facing the same direction I was.
Michael’s proximity made my heart skip a beat. Something about the house made him smell even better. It was a light, distinguished scent that seemed to combine the richness of the earth with the warmth of the sun. “Wait, you overloaded a monkey’s senses?!” I accused.
“He did exceptionally well,” he replied defensively. “We monitored his vitals and brain activity throughout the process ... you wouldn’t expect J-Dub to test the procedure on himself first, would you?”
I looked past an elegant dining table to the gigantic window behind it, while trying to imagine what that process might entail. Through the glass, a row of massive pine trees effortlessly held their weight against the mesmerizing snowstorm. “Poor thing.”
He shook his head. “Hardly. He’s got to be the smartest damn monkey on the planet now. Not to mention that J-Dub spoils him rotten. Mojo gets more attention than most human children.” I let a laugh out at the monkey’s name. Michael seemed pleased at the sound and turned, placing his hands on the countertop on either side of my legs as if to keep me there. The width of his shoulders made me feel surprisingly vulnerable. His eyes surveyed my figure as he took in a deep breath.
What were we even talking about? Once his eyes made their way back up to mine, I couldn’t look away. Blood pumped ferociously through my veins while my skin begged to touch his. I was completely under his spell until the coffee maker beeped, bringing me out of the trance.
He backed up half a step, allowing me to slide off the counter but didn’t remove his hands from it. My eyes locked on his perfect lips only inches away, making me dizzy. “Coffee?” He offered, releasing the counter.
“Please,” I replied while making my way over to the coffeemaker. Not that I was in need of a stimulant, but the hot drink did sound nice. “So, how would Dr. Watkins feel about our conversation?” I wondered aloud while stealing a glance over my shoulder at him.
“He wants you to be involved, in fact,” he cut himself off, removing his hat for a moment then he put it back on.
I stood motionless with creamer in one hand. “In fact, what?” I tried to sound as if it didn’t matter, but I wasn’t sure how I felt about them having a conversation regarding me and my knowing anything about their experiment.
He turned his back to me while saying, “Never mind,” followed by a quick exhale, and headed for a swivel barstool. After taking a seat, he tapped his hands absentmindedly on the modern black armrests as if debating whether to let himself say anything further on the matter.
“Well that’s helpful,” I said sarcastically, swirling liquid creamer clouds into my dark brown drink. Once it had twisted into a light tan I risked a test question, “So what am I thinking now?” I hardly expected an accurate response.
His eyes tightened for a moment and then relaxed as he accepted the challenge. “I see a dried up ... purple ... beta fish on the floor?” I frowned at the thought. “You’re not a murderer, Claire,” he teased. I attempted to suppress my embarrassment. He continued as if involved in an everyday conversation, “You know, betas are an awful pet for first-time fish owners. Even well experienced aqua-enthusiasts have a difficult time keeping them alive. Wolfgang’s in a better place now.” A smile played on his lips as I stared at him in wonder.
“He was blue.”
“Oh. Well, colors don’t always convert,” he said matter-of-factly, “and if the room was dimly lit he may have looked purple in your memory of that event.”
“Huh.” I said brilliantly as I considered his explanation.
“Not everyone’s thoughts come in words, and those that do aren’t always in English. They seem to convert themselves into a more universal language. Some are like an overall mood, while others take on certain ... hues. It’s like the brain sends out its own signal—similar to a light ray or sound wavelength.” He slid off his stool to pace the floor in his oversized kitchen.
“Our theory is that this signal is received like any other stimulus, going through transduction and being transmitted to the thalamus before it’s sent to a specialized area of the brain, this being the area we named the hypoversum.”
His hands started moving to emphasize his words. “It is then considered by a combination of neural connections to form our perception of that signal.” He stopped in his tracks to make eye contact with me. “Dr. Watkins actually expected to access a new coping mechanism but instead, the overstimulation forced neurogenesis, creating a connection from the now overactive thalamus to that compartment.”
“To the hypoversum?” I questioningly replaced, trying to keep up.
He gave me a single approving nod while I breathed in the pleasing aroma of my drink. “Which would only be taking up space otherwise,” he summed up. Then he appeared at my side reaching up to the cupboard behind me for a clean coffee mug. He inhaled deeply, calling my attention to his face and grinned widely when our eyes met. As he continued to assemble his own cup, I saw his dimple resurface.
We stood in silence, save for the clanking of his spoon against the mug, while I focused on the hot liquid making its way down to my stomach. I’d never seen Michael dressed so casually. Especially from under a brimmed beanie hat, he seemed more ... human; more approachable.
Though his recently revealed intelligence put him on a new level of intimidating. Not to mention he probably knew exactly how I felt about him. My cheeks burned as I tried not to think about anything too revealing, which of course triggered humiliating thoughts. I straightened up to ask, “Isn’t it annoying? Knowing someone’s inside your head?”
He smiled. “It was obnoxious … not to have privacy within my own thoughts, but as we began to make sense of our new perception, we not only learned how to more quickly identify with the colors, sounds, smells and tastes people were thinking about, but we also discovered how to consciously send out our own signals—we call them direct signals—to each other. Thankfully, we also learned to form a barrier around the rest of our thoughts, or indirect signals. It’s like exercising a new muscle and discovering its abilities through various workouts to find what it’s fully capable of.”
He caught my stare and brushed the too-long bangs out of my eyes. His fingertips slid down my jaw lifting the fine baby hairs on the back of my neck. Refusing to let that break my concentration I asked, “So you and Dr. Watkins use this ‘direct signal’ to talk to each other?”
“And Mojo,” he amended. “J-Dub only speaks vocally when he has to. Talking aloud is like taking the stairs when you have access to an elevator.” He wandered back to the island.
“What’s he like?” I blurted out before I could decide if it was any of my business. Tired of standing, I took a seat on the barstool he occupied a moment ago. It was the last in a row of five stools along the table-sized island.
“J-Dub? He’s sort of a mad scientist,” he smiled fondly of his friend. “Women find him attractive, but he has a sarcastic sense of humor and is usually three to five steps ahead of a normal person in any given conversation,” we made eye contact, “even before the conversion. So he tends to intimidate rather than befriend, leaving him sort of ... alone in his own intelligence.”
“That’s a shame,” I lamented.
“Maybe for a normal person, but J-Dub’s far from that. He’s so intensely dedicated to his research, I have to remind him to eat and sleep sometimes. I don’t think he would have the tolerance for a meaningful human relationship outside our acquaintance.”
A memory surfaced from when we first met and I asked, “What happened between you and those guys at the bookstore?” He seemed caught off-guard for a moment then walked to the huge dining room widow to sort out a response.
“They received my direct signal—subconsciously. See, receptors in a normal human brain function; they just haven’t activated the appropriate tool to bring that signal to the surface, so there’s no evaluation period. It’s sort of like a subliminal message. It’s even easier to tap into if they’re asleep.”
“So you can tell people what to do without them having any idea?” He chuckled at what seemed to be an inside joke and grinned like he’d been caught. I was suddenly searching my feelings to determine whether I thought they we really mine or something planted from an outside source. The man in front of me was an alien. An incredibly attractive alien in human form with powers no person should posses. I was in the position to uncover his secrets and felt compelled to do exactly that. But what if the storm trapped me here with him before I could escape?
“Do I need to take you home?” Michael’s inhumanly handsome face displayed worry lines.
Like playing “Light as a Feather, Stiff as a Board” as a child, but not really expecting anything to happen, I sent a thought to him. My insides fluttered at the anticipation of my magic trick. Should I bother answering you out loud? Or can you hear me this way?
“I can hear you that way also; impressive.” He stepped slowly in my direction. “That’s the direct signal we talked about which, apparently, you’ve already perfected now that you know it will be received. Though speaking aloud may be more comfortable for you.” He cocked his head slightly, “But that may just be my bias. I like the sound of your voice.”
Trying not to dwell on how that made me feel in fear of his mental snooping, I quickly answered his question. “I was just worried about the storm. If it keeps up like this, not even your Hummer will be able to get me home.” Not to mention I’m starving.
“The storm should let up in about an hour, and I have plenty to eat here. What are you in the mood for?”
Before I could answer, the click-clack of heels against travertine tile echoed through his house as someone approached the kitchen. Michael lowered his head slightly and closed his eyes like the sound disturbed him. A woman who looked like a female version of Michael gracefully joined us, wearing pointy shoes under tight designer jeans and a long black and grey sweater-shawl. Her runway entrance extinguished our conversation.
“I need to borrow your keys,” her voice clipped from behind me, still coming closer. I hesitantly twisted on my stool toward her presence.
Michael ignored her statement to allow for standard introduction protocol, “Brandie this is Claire ...”
“I know,” she interrupted him, holding her hand out for the keys. My eyebrows shot up. She stopped slightly in front of me and to the right, facing Michael. “But that has nothing to do with me needing your keys.” Her back was toward me as if I didn’t exist. I opted to keep my mouth shut for the moment.
He responded with a calmness that could only have come with years practice, “You can’t take the Humvee, sis. I’ll need to take Claire home soon.”
“I’ll be back in thirty minutes,” she snapped with her hand still out, placing the other on her hip.
My mouth opened before I could think, “Michael it’s ok, I—” She shot a look down at me like I was a dog that just peed on the carpet. He firmly placed the keys in her hand, pulling her eyes back to him.
“Thirty minutes,” he agreed. 
“Thank you,” she said insincerely, and clip-clopped away down the hall from which we came earlier.
“Claire I’m sorry, I should have warned you,” he said shaking his head at the floor. “She’s a sweet girl, but doesn’t understand why—” he cut himself off again and changed his tone. Almost laughing, “She thinks she’s the only one who can call me Michael.” His eyes lit up like he enjoyed her tantrum reaction. “Everyone else calls me Kade.”
“Oh. Do you want me to ...?”
 “No. Please, it wouldn’t sound right. Besides, she won’t be around long. We’ve always been close, but she can’t stand me since ...”
“Since you got inside her head?” I guessed. It was pretty unsettling, not knowing the mechanics of what he could access from my thoughts. He looked at me like I’d solved a torturous mystery for him. I flashed him a half smile as I considered what life would be like with someone openly picking through my brain.


24. New Rules- Claire


When basic concepts of substantial magnitude shift beneath your feet, it’s difficult to regain balance. Recalling what Michael said before his sister tromped through, made my brain feel fuzzy, like when you can’t think of a word that’s on the tip of your tongue, or produce the formula to a math problem you’ve done a hundred times. I couldn’t place the missing factor. Something just didn’t match up about Michael’s talent. Looking back through the window to the storm outside, I questioned him, “So what, you’re a weatherman, too? Or a fortune teller?”
He wagged his eyebrows at me and opened a door next to the fridge, revealing a well-stocked pantry. “No, nature just has a way of feeding me enough information to make fairly accurate guesses.” He vanished into the pantry and returned with impossible speed, holding a large can of chunky beef stew in one hand, and a box of noodles in the other. “Soup and sandwiches or pasta with veggies?” My tummy growled. “Pasta it is,” he said enthusiastically. I didn’t realize I’d even thought of an answer yet, but would have chosen pasta. His unique ability was dumbfounding.
Michael whipped up fettuccini alfredo with steamed vegetables while I sat at his fancy table, trying to hide my thoughts by browsing social news on my phone. What a waste of time. I normally wouldn’t torture myself with weather complaints, stupid game requests, and photos of everyone’s perfect children.
Once I had all I could take, I tucked my phone away to watch the blur of Michael in his kitchen. Would his other houseguests make an appearance? They must be on the other end of his majesty’s castle; I hadn’t heard the smallest hint of movement in the building since his sister left. Maybe he just had really good insulation. He slowed down to open the stainless steel double-oven with his right hand, pulling out a tray of garlic bread with a hot pad in his left. 
After zipping around for another minute, he appeared next to the table with two picture perfect plates of pasta. “Mind reader, weatherman, fortune teller, roadrunner, and an incredible cook to boot. What other tricks can you do?”
“You haven’t sampled my cooking yet.” Of course he wouldn’t acknowledge my question, but continued, “... and I can’t predict the future.”
“Can you fly?” I half teased. He laughed.
“No.”
“Disappear?”
“Not exactly. Parmesan?”
“Yes, please.” He spooned a generous portion of shredded Parmesan over my entree and took a seat at the opposite end of the table. Before touching his plate, he jumped back up and dismissed himself, returning mere seconds later with a bottle of wine and an opener.
 “It complements the fettuccini,” he assured while pulling out the cork out and pouring us each a glass. Not much was said while we ate. I took advantage of his silence to shuffle through what little I knew of our brain structure, and to dissect our conversation. If he was reading my thoughts, he did a convincing job of acting otherwise. 
Michael swirled the last of his wine in its glass and took a deep breath through his nose, closing his eyes in pleasure. The sophisticated act conflicted with his rugged outfit. As soon as that thought entered my mind, his eyes flew open to meet mine. He then removed his beanie and tossed it over his shoulder into the living room, earning an unexpected laugh from my side of the table.
Knowing he could read my thoughts didn’t seem overwhelmingly intrusive at that moment, more like … imbalanced. I was beginning to feel more comfortable with the idea. It was as if we were closer because of it. His forehead creased as he studied the tabletop, and then shot a glance through the window, where the snowfall abruptly ceased. A prideful smile lit his face. It had been exactly one hour.
“Show off.” 
He shrugged his shoulders. Although he’d more than resolved my hunger dilemma, and the storm was no longer an issue, I felt an urge to get home.
“Sounds like Brandie’s back. Let me clean up and I’ll take you home,” he said after taking the last sip of his wine. Michael tornado-cleaned the kitchen while I admired his property through the window. “I’ll go get the keys. If you’d like to use the restroom before we leave, it’s down that hall, third door on your right.” He left the kitchen just before I unexpectedly had the urge to use the restroom.
The living room—if you would call it that—opened up three stories with lofts from the second and third floors overseeing it. Not wanting to step on the carpet, I walked around the room rather than through it, somewhat scared of the fireplace that looked large enough to walk around in.
On my way to the bathroom, I passed a very formal looking office with an elaborate, cherry wood desk set and conference table. The other doors were open, but not wide enough for a passerby to see any of their contents. The bathroom, like the kitchen, was oversized and artistically detailed to every end.
Michael was waiting for me in the kitchen when I returned. He watched me apprehensively from behind the island, bundled back up in his beanie hat and coat with the fur-lined hood. Where was his sister? The thought of her made me uncomfortable so I decided not to ask.
He still had some explaining to do, and I had no reason to hesitate. “So, why did you have to leave?” 
His hands rested on top of the counter as if preparing to deliver a speech. “To take care of some business,” he answered in a rehearsed nature.
I pushed for more information, “For your research project?” My hip connected me to his kitchen island podium.
“You could say that.”
“Would you say that?” He forced a smile and I could tell that was the only answer I was going to get.
“Will you be coming back to Psychology?”
He humpfed, not seeming to expect that question. “I, uh, had to drop my classes for the semester, but will probably finish up in the spring so I can get my degree. Besides, Vanessa’s relentless conquest was getting on my nerves.”
“Can you blame her?”
Michael’s forehead dropped slightly to the side like he couldn’t believe I would stick up for her. Maybe he was picking through my brain for an explanation. Frustrating. He took a step back saying, “Ready?” and turned for the hall, but walked slowly enough for me to catch up. Once we made it to the mudroom he held up my coat, making it easier to feed my arms through. As he led me through the arched walkway back to the garage, my backpack over his shoulder, I was able to admire his private view of the mountains. 
Surrounding snow covered trees looked like clumpy white popsicles anticipating a chance to pop the low hanging red sun bubble. It was only 5:30, but in Anchorage the sun set early. Every night it set a few minutes earlier than the night before until right around Christmas.
My thoughts slunk back to a frightening place. “Why did you warn me before you left?” He opened the man-door to the garage and waited for me to go through, but I stubbornly stayed put for my answer.
Noting my stall, he indulged me with a reply. “I was afraid that someone might be looking for you.” My eyes widened. “Because of your involvement with me,” he continued. My knees felt hollow. “But I cleared all that up,” he said in an everything’s-fine-tone. My legs remembered how to work again and I quietly climbed into his Hummer. He shut my door for me and joined me through the driver’s side before I could even reach for my seatbelt.
“Why does it matter if I’m involved with you?” I asked in a small voice. He took a deep breath and backed us out of the open garage.
“It doesn’t.” The Hummer stopped and he put a hand on my knee. “Claire, nobody’s looking for you. I was just being paranoid and didn’t know how to resolve that before leaving the country.”
“The country?!” He flinched, seeming to regret his last words, and pressed a button to close the garage door. I half-expected to see his sister in the garage since she never came back through the kitchen. Maybe she took a secret passage way. His house was like a castle, after all. We pulled forward, turning for the private road and I sighed, “So much for an explanation.”
Michael was silent through three songs on the radio. When we came to a part of town that looked familiar to me, he opened his mouth to speak, only to shut it again.
I waited.
We drove through town where street lamps hung over like snow drop flowers before they bloomed
“Look, you took Biology last semester; do you remember learning about nucleic acid bases?” 
“DNA make up, right? Aren’t there like, four?”
“Yes,” he seemed relieved that I remembered. “Among those, we found seven variations of productive mutations. The sixth, occurring in Guanine, appears to be the biological prerequisite for successful transformation.”
“You said others were tested after Mojo?”
“Yes.”
“Do they know what they were being tested for?” My voice was laced with skepticism.
“Partially. Participants, including myself, signed up for the overstimulation study when they thought J-Dub was looking for a new coping mechanism. They were largely compensated, of course. But, when my response performed similarly to his own, he went to work, and was able to locate the commonality in our DNA.”
I couldn’t help but jump ahead, “Why isn’t your discovery all over the media?”
“Well, multiple reasons. Before we can evaluate whether the public ought to have access to our findings, we need to ensure that they’re concrete. Part of J-dub’s scientific process is incomplete.”
As if in response to a side-thought I had about my toes being too warm, he adjusted the heat and continued, “It’s necessary for him to find enough evidence supporting his hypothesis. If he can’t test his conclusion, producing the same results, we go back to investigating why we’re such freaks of nature.”
We stopped at a red light. “Not that I’m disinterested, but why are you telling me all this if Dr. Watkins is trying to keep it under wraps?”
Looking straight ahead, he answered like he was giving up, “Your blood says you were born with the necessary mutation on the G-base.”
What the hell are you talking about? Suddenly uncomfortable with him answering my unspoken questions, I tried to speak aloud as soon as I thought. “How do you know what my blood says?” 
My heart threatened to jump right out of my chest. I felt suffocated beneath my seatbelt as the light turned green. We pulled forward and he took my left hand, gently rubbing his thumb across the back of it while driving through my neighborhood. “You gave the bouncer at the Masquerade a sample when he stamped your hand.”
I jerked my hand out of his. Sneaky, I thought. Invasion of privacy.
“Perhaps. But how else would you get blood samples from a large population in just one night without breaking into medical facilities?” He checked his rear-view and side mirrors, then back to the road ahead. “I thought my idea was pretty clever.”
His Hummer pulled into my un-shoveled driveway. The charming brick cottage that once gave me comfort and a sense of security felt insignificant and meager to me now. So this was the answer I had been seeking—the reason for his interest in me. My chest threatened to cave in while I fought to keep my eyes dry. “So, it was your job to get blood samples?”
His grey eyes pierced through mine as he spoke in a slow, reassuring manner, “It was my job to find you.”


26. Nothing but the Truth- MDK


After a few weeks of Trexel training in Italy, I returned to Anchorage for Claire. Her bookstore was closed due to the snow and I, of course, came to her rescue. The sight of her needing warmth from the weather was the light at the end of my dark tunnel; our last obstacle being revelation of truth. I was no longer allowed to keep secrets from her. I had to tell her everything—show her everything—and hope she’d want to stay with me.
I brought her back to my house to get everything out. She took the fact that I’d been snooping through her thoughts for the past couple of months surprisingly well. She even kept calm through the divulgence of information regarding my supernatural abilities. I shied away from using the word “immortal” though, as that was a bit much to digest. Yet, when I drove her home and finally explained that she was a potential, she closed up. Her thoughts just shut down. Not the reaction I’d expected. At all.
Her head was a mess of angry frustration. “So, it was your job to get blood samples?” She shifted uncomfortably on the passenger seat of my hummer which was parked in her driveway.
Somehow I screwed up. Her sapphire eyes hid behind tiny pools of water, threatening to spill over. “It was my job to find you,” I clarified, trying desperately to read her anger. My unsuccessful search kept me anchored to my seat as she jumped out, grabbed her backpack, and slammed the door shut.
How had this conversation tanked so quickly?
I thought she’d be ecstatic. She and my sister were certainly different creatures. Fat snow flakes quickly blanketed my windshield until the intermittent wipers brushed them aside, snapping me back into focus.
I had to set things right. I killed the engine and ran to Claire’s front porch, arriving just in time to pull her door back shut after she’d managed to unlock it. She gasped and twirled around to face me.
“Michael.” Her voice wrapped around me as she flushed red. I trapped her with my arms, placing my hands against the brick wall behind her on either side before she could consider escape. Our closeness made her breath deepen. Though force probably wasn’t the best tactic for present circumstances, it kept her there at least. Claire’s eyes remained at my chest, torturing me with the lack of eye contact. Slowly shaking her head, she took in a sniffled breath. “Don’t.”
That simple word worked like a lock release. My arms dropped and she straightened up. I was so confused. Usually telepathy would connect me to missing factors but her thoughts remained distorted. I was at her mercy and ventured to ask, “Don’t what?” I ducked my head slightly in an attempt to pull her eyes up with my own. It worked.
She held my eyes with hers for a few torturous seconds. “What if I don’t want to be your test subject?” She squinted at me in furious disgust.
“What?” I took half of a step back but she came forward with a huff of distain and a scrunched up nose.
“What if I didn’t want you to test my DNA?”
“Where is all this hateful ... spite coming from? Claire—”
“Did you expect me to be happy with the fact that I possess a mutation which you only discovered by violating my privacy?” The way her ferocity seethed out made my insides recoil.
“C-Confidentiality, of course ... is our utmost priority. But it was my job to find any potential—”
“Potential what? Do you even know what you are? What the long term consequences of this ‘conversion’ might be?!” Her lips parted slightly as she considered how next to scorn me for my violation.
I wanted nothing more than to meet them with my own. She was close enough to confuse my senses with her perfume, making me wish that I wasn’t trying so desperately to be a gentleman. 
Claire’s voice finally softened, “If I was spiteful, that is some justification, but you know there are other reasons for my anger.”
“What are you talking about?”
She glanced briefly at my lips and I finally caught a glimpse of her thoughts which were wounded and retreating.
I was such an idiot.
Claire thought I was attempting to seduce her into participation. That my only real interest in her was strictly for scientific benefits. Her focus fell back to my chest as she confessed, “I only wish you would have had the decency to spare me the trouble of falling for—”
The gentleman in me stepped out for a moment. I permitted my rapacious impulses to take over. My hands wrapped around her tiny upper arms pulling her to me and claimed her mouth with mine. Claire allowed it.
Her hands dug into my sides while her lips molded to mine. I didn’t loosen my grip until she was convinced that my fascination with her ran deeper than test results.
After reigning in my desires, I put some space between us. Ever so gently, I brushed a few stray hairs out of her face, and noticed how red her nose and ears were becoming from the cold. At least she wasn’t angry with me anymore.
“Claire,” her name fit perfectly on my tongue, “I wanted you long before I knew you had a chance at becoming what I am.” A satisfied smile tugged at the corners of her mouth.
She looked to her feet then back up at me with a raised eyebrow. “So you’re not just after my DNA?”
“Sorry, no.”
Her smile stretched wider. “Then I suppose I could to invite you in.”
“Before your fingers and toes freeze off?” I teased. She smirked and turned to open the door. I followed her inside, closing it behind me.
Spinning on her heel she faced me again with a puzzled look. Her mind was focused on my nose and ears, and their lack of redness. “Wait, why aren’t we concerned about your fingers and toes?”
“Just another perk.”
“You don’t get cold?”
“Nope.”
Her voice dropped a bit. “Do you ever get hot?” She teased, sliding closer to me.
“Occasionally.” My mischievous grin gave me away.
“You’re still not forgiven.” She pushed me away and took a seat on her sofa.
“For what?” I asked, sitting on the other end.
“For leaving the country and keeping me in the dark.”
“I had to make sure you were safe.”
“You left the country for me?”
“Yes.” I rested my arm along the back of the sofa.
Her eyes were wide with wonder. “Where did you go?”
“London. Then Italy.”
After breathing into her red fingers she stared at the floor for a moment then asked quietly, “Will you be leaving again?”
Mauro would love this. “Only if you come with me.”
While rubbing her hands together she suppressed a smile and played along. “Sounds tempting.”
I was perfectly serious. “What do you have planned for Christmas break?”
She sat back against the couch and raised that eyebrow at me again. “Trying to explain to my parents why I’m in Europe with someone they’ve never met instead of going to see them.”
“Well,” I sat forward thoughtfully, “let’s smooth out that transition first and go see them for Thanksgiving. I’d cover the plane tickets and—”
Claire had taken my face in both of her hands and interrupted my sentence with another deterrent.
Apparently she liked the idea.
Before I could control my ragged breath, the front door opened again allowing a giggling Stella to enter, followed by Jason.
“Woah. Hey Claire,” she said with her eyes fixed on me.
Claire quickly shrunk away from me in embarrassment. “Stella, Jason, this is Michael,” she introduced me as I stood to shake their hands like I hadn’t been following them and reading their thoughts all semester.
“Nice to meet you,” I said sincerely.
“Good to meet you too, man. Hey, want a beer?” Jason offered, holding up two six-packs of what he had to offer. 
“Sure, thanks,” I replied to be polite, though beer rarely suited my taste and I could no longer even benefit from a nice buzz in exchange. Claire and I followed them into the kitchen and sat at the table while they put their groceries away.
“Can you believe all this snow?” Stella asked excitedly while shaking her hair out.
“Crazy, right?” Claire agreed. It was soothing to feel her back in her comfort zone.
“I wonder if it will let up so we can hit a couple Halloween parties tonight,” Stella said while handing us each an opened beer and joining us at the table.
Claire looked at me while sending a direct message, Well, what does my personal weatherman have to say about the snow?
“I heard it’s supposed to clear up soon. You should be fine,” I advised. Claire smiled.
“Really? Oh, you guys have to come with us, Claire! You’ll die when you see Jack and Emma’s costume.”
The images in Claire’s head of costumes for couples made me laugh. If she did decide to convert, I would truly miss being inside her mind.
 

—————


Hillary’s Blog:
http://www.hillarylayelle.blogspot.com/

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/HillaryLayelle

Twitter:
https://twitter.com/HillaryLayelle

Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HillaryLayelle


