BEWITCHBERRY COTTAGE
Stories from Tanager Valley

by Lia Garret

Published by Lia Garret at Smashwords
Copyright 2013
All Rights Reserved

Sometimes you can make your own magic.




Chapter One

Emily Martin would have enjoyed watching the man climbing the tree in her front yard if she hadn’t been imagining dollar bills flying out the front door to pay the bill. She’d been shocked to learn it cost as much to cut down a dead tree as it did to make a down payment on the new car she desperately needed. Paying for the tree would leave her with a pile of firewood and her old clunker of a car. Not much of a deal, because she couldn’t exactly drive the tree stump that would be left behind.
Just because the arborist, Tom Cavanaugh, was easy on the eyes didn’t make up for the fact she’d have to dip into savings yet another time. Worst of all, the tree was only the first on the list of everything that needed work. When Emily had inherited Bewitchberry Cottage from her godmother Lucinda, she’d been so excited that she and her daughter Mia would finally have a place of their own, she hadn’t thought to consider all the expenses of home ownership. No one knew where all of Lucinda’s fabled wealth had gone, but it certainly wasn’t in a bank account for Emily’s home repairs, and she hadn’t found a hidden treasure chest in the attic.
Before Emily could get too discouraged, she reminded herself that it was worth the expense to sit in her own kitchen and be able to look out the window at the bright blue sky and the leaves changing on the mountains that surrounded Tanager Valley, away from the noise and commotion of the city. The scent of the pumpkin bread baking in the oven added an extra layer of comfort to the atmosphere, and if it turned out to be edible, Mia would be overjoyed at their first successful foray into baking. The thought popped into Emily’s head that the only way to make it more perfect was if Emily had inherited Tom Cavanaugh with the house. She could just imagine Lucinda’s attorney, who was also the executor of the will, presenting her with the key to the cottage and her very own handyman. Instead, she and Mia had inherited Lucinda’s black cat, Kiki. The cat did provide a little warmth on cold nights, but not nearly as much as the man outside would have.
Earlier in the week when Emily had asked her friend Alicia at the Nutmeg Cafe who she could hire, Alicia had given her a sly look while she poured the coffee. “Oh, you need Tom Cavanaugh. Once you see him, you’ll be finding extra work for him. And when he smiles at you, you’ll want to hire him as a live-in handyman.”
“I don’t want to hire someone who thinks I’m going to come on to him,” Emily protested. “I just want the tree cut down before it falls on the cottage.”
“He’s good at his job even without the looks. But now that you own Bewitchberry, you might find some of Lucinda’s love potions hidden away. She was rumored to make them, and I don’t think Tom will ever be caught by anything but magic. Come to think of it, you and Tom would make a good couple.”
“What are you? The town matchmaker?” Emily knew Alicia had a good heart, and she was grateful the cafe owner had taken her under her wing, but she didn’t want her new friend managing her love life. “I don’t want to ‘catch’ Tom Cavanaugh. And I doubt very much if he wants to be caught by a geeky college professor. I’ve never exactly have men knocking down my door.”
“Who knows? Maybe you’re exactly what he’s been looking for all along. He has certainly had his pick over the years, and he’s never found the right one. Lucinda wasn’t exactly geeky, but she was pretty quirky, and she managed to marry someone who could have had his pick. I’ve heard her husband was from one of those wealthy Boston families, and he was incredibly handsome to boot. Maybe that’s how she got started making her witchy potions.”
“I have no idea how that witch rumor got started,” Emily said. “I didn’t find anything that makes me believe Lucinda Lovett was a witch. She was just an eccentric old lady with interesting hobbies. From what she left me in the cottage, she spent all her time furnishing dollhouses, not practicing witchcraft. We have eight beautiful dollhouses filling up the place, but nothing occult.”
“Oh, she dabbled in witchcraft all right,” Alicia said. “Everybody knows it. Some of the plants in her garden are so strange, people can’t identify them. She used them in her potions. And the cottage is supposed to be haunted. Have you seen any ghosts?”
“You’re teasing, right? Anyway, the cottage is so small, if there were any ghosts, we’d be constantly tripping over them. I think a ghost needs a mansion for real hauntings.” She didn’t mention the one oddity of the place, the tree in the back yard that made faint singing noises. Her daughter Mia was convinced a ghost inhabited it.
“Well, if you do find anything labeled a love potion, I call dibs on it. I could use a date.” Alicia sighed and pulled a chocolate chip cookie off a tray. “For Mia. It’s on the house. If you get Tom to come to your place, you should take the opportunity when it’s right in front you, potion or not. I know you think you have to be serious to be taken seriously, but a little flirting never hurt.”
Emily told herself she was too busy for any opportunities. When Tom had arrived at the house that morning, she’d been friendly enough, but business-like, trying not to notice his easy smile and the width of his shoulders underneath his well-worn jacket. He wasn’t even her type. His sandy blond hair was a little long, and he had that trendy light stubble she’d seen on musicians and actors. She’d always been suspicious of men who were too good-looking, sure they weren’t made for long-term relationships. She did feel a twinge of guilt at even noticing he was actually as handsome as Alicia had said. It hadn’t been that long since Emily had given back the ring to her fiancé.
The sight of Tom outside made it tough for Emily to concentrate on her “Art in the Renaissance” class notes, so she decided she’d take a break and hem her new dress for the upcoming performance. At the last performance of the historical dance society, the beautiful dress she saved so long to buy had turned out to be just a little too tight to make breathing easy, much less dancing. The new one fit better, and even though it wasn’t as elaborate, she loved it. Her eyes were her one vanity and she knew the dark blue velvet of the dress made them seem all the more blue. The bands of gold brocade on the bell sleeves and on the neckline added just the touch of richness and color to bring the dress from somber to stunning.
The dress was laid out on her bed and she slipped it on, twirling around to make sure the hem was pinned to the right length. Mia had helped her pin it the day before, and the little girl’s enthusiasm meant there were at least three times as many pins as were needed.
She was just about to take it off when the sudden absence of sound made her aware Tom’s chainsaw had stopped. She glanced out the window to see Mia herding a group of children up the front walk. They stopped halfway and Mia pointed at the tree. Mia’s voice came through the open window. “That’s not the most haunted tree. The haunted one where the ghost sings is in back. This way now. Stay together.”
Emily had a feeling she didn’t want to know what Mia was up to. In the three years since she had adopted Mia, she’d come to the conclusion Mia was like the real life female version of the cartoon character, Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes. Her brilliant ideas were often disasters in the making unless Emily caught them in time.
The front door slammed and Emily heard a boy say, “This doesn’t look like a witch’s house. You’d better show us some stuff to make this worth a dollar.”
“Just wait,” Mia said. “You’ll see.”
Emily groaned and headed for the stairs, knowing she should make an appearance, though she didn’t know how to handle her daughter charging for tours of the house. Mia’s antics were never covered in any of the many parenting books that filled one of the bookshelves.
When she came down the stairs, one little girl with pigtails let out a squeak of surprise at the sight of her as if a ghost had just appeared. Emily wondered what stories Mia had told them on the way to the house.
“That’s just my mom,” Mia said. “You don’t need to be scared of her.”
“Hello,” Emily said. “Mia, what’s going on here?”
“Nothing, Mom. I’m just showing my friends around.” Never had a child sounded so innocent.
“It’s a nice day. Wouldn’t you have more fun outside?”
“We’ll only be in here a few minutes. I promise.” All the children nodded their heads in unison, angelic expressions on their faces. Emily wasn’t fooled.
“It would be polite of you to introduce your friends.”
“Oh, this is Simon.” Mia motioned to the only boy in the group, who wore an interesting combination of plaid shorts and a long-sleeved striped tee shirt. “And this is Katie and Lucy.” Katie and Lucy were obviously twins, though only one of them had the pigtails. Mia’s introduction didn’t tell Emily which was which.
“Are you Katie or Lucy?” Emily asked the girl with the pigtails.
“Lucy,” the girl whispered, still apparently terrified by Emily’s presence.
“I’m Katie,” the other girl spoke up, confidence ringing in her voice.
“Nice to meet you all,” Emily said.
“You can go back to work now,” Mia said.
Emily supposed this wasn’t the right time for a talk with Mia on the ethics of fleecing acquaintances of their allowance. She’d do that after the children left. Trying to sound stern, she said, “Just a few minutes. Then you need to take your friends outside.”
“Okay.” Mia beamed at her, but didn’t move. “You can go back upstairs or into the kitchen.”
Knowing Mia was trying to get rid of her, Emily gave a warning look and repeated, “Just a few minutes.” Emily wanted to get out of the dress, but she thought she should stay downstairs where she could overhear the group, so she went back to her notes on the kitchen table.
“Your mom kind of looks like a young pretty witch with that black hair and that dress,” Lucy said. “Is she one?”
“She didn’t use to be, but the house may give her special powers once we live here long enough.” Emily wondered where Mia had gotten this idea. Her daughter was going to be disappointed when Emily never managed to get a broomstick to fly.
“My mom said the lady who lived here before was super rich and had lots of fancy jewelry,” Katie said. “Can we see the jewelry too?”
“She put an invisibility spell on it. We haven’t figured out how to break the spell, but we will.” Emily was amazed at how believable Mia sounded. The girl might have a career in acting.
“Wow, a real spell? Do you think you can break it?”
“Sure,” Mia said. “Now over here are the dollhouses I was telling you about. You can look but don’t touch.”
“Oooh, how fancy!” Lucy squealed, her terror forgotten.
Emily though they were probably looking at the formal dining room in the most elaborate dollhouse, a Victorian mansion. Lucinda had set it up like dinner party was in progress, with a table laid for twelve. It even had crystal chandeliers above the table, and two silver candelabras on it that were made of real silver. It felt like something out of a novel, where the guests would sit down and partake in witty conversation and good wine for hours. She supposed that was the fun of the miniature rooms, imagining the lives that could happen within them.
“It all looks so real,” Katie said.
“It looks real because all the stuff in the rooms was big once,” Mia said. “Lucinda had magic spells to shrink big things down to make them tiny. That’s how she got all this stuff.”
“She did not!” Simon made a snorting sound. “You can buy those little things in stores.”
“Not these,” Mia said. “They are all really old. There weren’t any stores when she made these.”
Emily sighed, thinking she’d have to talk to Mia yet again about imagination and reality. In Mia’s mind, if she wanted something to be true, she didn’t understand why it couldn’t be. Mia loved the tiny rooms, and Emily had made up a bedtime story about Lucinda using magic to make them. She’d thought Mia understood it was just a story. The dollhouses were so incredible though, she couldn’t blame Mia for thinking them magical. Lucinda had spent hours and hours on them, making some of the pieces, embroidering most of the chair covers, and even painting some of the paintings. Emily had been fascinated by them as a child, the few times she and her mother had visited Lucinda. She’d particularly loved the library room, with its shelves full of tiny books and the antique globe on a stand. Her dream then had been to own a house with a room just like that, devoted only to books and reading.
The cat interrupted her attempts to listen in on the group, appearing from one of her mysterious hiding places to jump onto Emily’s notes. “No way, Kiki, get down,” Emily ordered. Kiki sat down instead and bathed a paw. Emily sighed, picking up the animal and putting her on the floor. “Find somewhere else to take a bath.” Of course Kiki didn’t take her suggestion, deciding to go investigate the noise in the living room instead.
“That’s Lucinda’s familiar,” Emily heard Mia say a few seconds later. “Her name’s Kiki.”
“What’s a familiar?” Lucy asked.
“It’s a witch’s companion animal who has special powers. Kiki can be invisible when she wants.”
Emily had to muffle a laugh. She had teased Mia about Kiki disappearing into her hiding places, but hadn’t thought Mia would embellish on that. Having apparently seen all the living room could offer on the tour, Emily heard the children going up the stairs. She wondered how Mia was going to show them anything interesting enough in the two bedrooms and the bathroom to convince the three the house had a dollar’s worth of spookiness. Emily wasn’t able to afford to change much in the house, and there was really no need for change. Lucinda had a wonderful mix of beautiful antique pieces and comfortable furniture, so Emily had just added just a few of Mia’s and her cherished possessions.
Glancing back outside, Emily saw Tom getting more equipment out of his truck. Now she wished she had asked Alicia more about him. Not that she was ready to jump back into dating. Phillip had been a mistake, and she’d let herself be dazzled by his wealth, his confidence, and his determination to get exactly what he wanted out of life. Emily had struggled so much in her own life that she had very little confidence anything would go the way she hoped. At least she finally had a job where she could use her education. It was only an adjunct position without much hope of being hired fulltime, but it was teaching, and she did love it.
Before she could get back to her lecture notes, screams rang out and footsteps came pounding down the stairs. “Mom! Mom!” At the sound of Mia’s voice, Emily ran into the hall to see the visitor children bolting out the front door, Lucy screaming her head off. Going in search of Mia, Lucy found her in the living room, standing on the sofa with one of the sofa pillows held in front of her. “It’s the squirrel again! He’s back inside.”
Emily saw a grey blur jump from a chair onto a table that held more of Lucinda’s dollhouses, knocking into the miniature bakery. The noise from the counters falling over startled the squirrel, because it took a giant leap up onto the top of a bookcase. Mia shrieked. The cat dashed out from under a chair, darting between Emily’s legs. Emily’s first thought was to protect anything else the squirrel could break. She hurried over to her antique lute she kept on a stand, picking it up and clutching it to her.
Tom’s voice came from behind her, “Everything okay? I saw the kids run out of here and it sounded like something was wrong.”
She turned, her dress swirling around her. At the sight of her, his mouth literally dropped open, bewilderment written on his face. Realizing it must be the dress, she said, “I was just trying this on for a thing at the college where I teach.”
“Right. Sorry, you just surprised me. With the lute and all, you looked like you stepped out of a different time.”
“Excuse me, we have a squirrel inside, remember?” Mia pointed to the bookcase. The squirrel sat on top of it balanced on his back legs, watching them like they were putting on a play for him.
“Want me to try shooing him outside?” Tom asked, nodding his head at the sofa pillow. He sounded amused. Emily didn’t think it was so funny.
“Here!” Mia tossed him the pillow. “Don’t hurt him.”
“Why don’t you ladies man the doorways so he doesn’t get out of this room,” Tom suggested. “If he runs toward you, just wave your hands and yell. He won’t hurt you.”
Emily wasn’t so sure about that, but she took her place, acting as if it was an everyday occurrence to have a wild animal loose in her house. No one had warned her country life included squirrels with attitudes. The squirrel spent his free time terrorizing the cat, running down the tree trunks and scolding Kiki whenever she came outside, acting if he were going to lunge at her. The cat was so traumatized, she slunk out the door each time, skulking through the grass as if fearing a kamikaze attack.
At least Emily thought it was the same squirrel. Since there was no way Emily could tell one squirrel from the other, it was less worrying to think of one lone daredevil squirrel than the possibility of a squadron of the little beasts surrounding the house, each waiting for the opportunity to make a run for whatever door or window someone left open.
Tom moved very slowly over to the windows, pushing up the screens so there was clear way for the squirrel to get outside. The squirrel watched him.
“He’s gotten in the house a few times before. I wish we knew how he did it.” Each time it had raced around the room a few times as if completing a dare from the other squirrels until Emily could chase it outside.
“He probably came in through a vent in the attic that needs some repair.” 
“Mom’s good at chasing him out with a towel,” Mia said. “You should see her flapping it at him and yelling.”
Tom grinned. “That would be a sight to see.”
“Mia, why don’t we be quiet now so Mr. Cavanaugh can get the squirrel out?” Emily suggested, embarrassed by the image Mia was painting.
Mia agreed and they watched as Tom managed to steer the squirrel out the window. It took him only a few minutes. The squirrel leapt through the window and ran up the big shade tree right outside, the one Mia claimed was haunted.
“Thank you,” Emily said. “I don’t understand why he even comes inside.” She shuddered.
“Maybe Lucinda let him come in and visit,” Mia said. “I bet she didn’t call him such a mean name like El Diablo. He isn’t that bad.”
“El Diablo?” Tom asked.
“It means the devil in Spanish,” Mia said. “That’s what Mom calls him.”
“It fits,” Emily muttered. “His ears are a little more pointed and his eyes more beady than a normal squirrel.”
“It’s as good a name as any.” Tom put the pillow back on the sofa, a wide smile on his face. “Folks at the Frostfire Inn call him Chester. He gets in there once in a while and causes havoc.”
“I’m not surprised to hear that, but how do you know it’s the same squirrel? The inn has to be a half mile away from here.”
“By road. It’s closer through the woods. You can tell it’s the same squirrel because he’s got a little notch on his ear, like he tangled with a cat at some point who took a nip out of him. And even without it, most squirrels are a little more timid. He’s recognizable by his personality alone.”
“He picked the perfect time to come in today,” Mia said. “The kids thought he was a real ghost. They won’t want their money back now. They were really scared!”
“Mia, we have to talk about that,” Emily said.
“What?”
“Charging your friends money to come see the house. You can’t tell people we live in a haunted house when we don’t.”
Tom made a sound that could have been a muffled laugh, but when Emily turned to look at him, he had a serious expression on his face. She could tell he was making an effort to maintain that look.
“You are always saying we need more money,” Mia said. “I was just being an interpreter.”
Even for Mia, this was a stretch. “How did this have anything to do with interpreting?”
“I think she means entrepreneur,” Tom said, unable to hold in his laughter.
Emily was at a loss on how to respond. She hadn’t realized Mia had picked up on the money worries. “You don’t need to be concerned about earning money, except by doing chores to earn your allowance. I can think of some extra ones if you want an increase. No more house tours.”
“Ghost tours are more fun than chores. Does straightening up the mess in the dollhouse count as an extra chore?” Mia asked, going over to start putting the bakery back together.
“Nice try,” Emily said. “That’s not a chore.” Realizing she was still holding the lute and moved to put it back on its stand.
“That’s a beautiful instrument,” Tom said. “Do you play?”
“Only a little,” Emily said. “I haven’t gotten very far. It’s hard to find someone who gives lute lessons.”
“I can imagine.” They stood there for a moment. Emily didn’t know what else to say. The sound of the doorbell startled both of them.
“I’ll get back to work,” Tom said, “though you should close those windows so you don’t have any more uninvited guests.”
“I will. Thank you so much for your help.”
“My pleasure,” he said, smiling. “Every day needs a little excitement. I’ll leave you to your guest,” They both moved to the front door at the same time, running into each other. Tom stepped back and waved her in front of him. “Sorry, you first.”
When she opened the door, she was stunned to see her former fiancé, Phillip Stanton, standing there. He was dressed for golfing. He was always dressed for golfing on Saturdays, unless he was dressed for tennis.
“Hello, Emily.” His eyebrows rose at the sight of her dress. “I hope you aren’t on your way out to lunch in that.”
“Phillip! What are you doing here?”
“Can I come in?” He caught sight of Tom behind her and frowned. “Is this a good time?”




Chapter Two

Tom came around Emily, nodding at Phillip. “I’ll get back to work. Excuse me.”
Phillip stared at him for a moment and then said, “Say, aren’t you Tom, um…Tom Cavanaugh?”
“Yes,” Tom said. “And you’re Phillip Stanton, the third, or was it the fourth?” Emily could sense the immediate tension between the two men. It felt like the temperature in the room had dropped by ten degrees.
Phillip gave an uneasy laugh. “Just the third. I didn’t know you were in the area, Tom. I heard you had moved to Charleston or somewhere south.”
“I’m back,” Tom said. “I’ll stop in when I’m finished, Emily.” He went out the door. Phillip watched him go with a look of dismay on his face.
“How do you know Tom Cavanaugh?” Emily asked, curious at the interaction between the two.
“We were in college together, and on the tennis team at the same time.” He didn’t meet her eyes and Emily knew there had to be more to the story. She’d learned to read his expressions well in the months she was with him. 
“You don’t seem like you were friends,” she said, surprised at the drastic change in Tom’s manner.
“We weren’t, but I didn’t think he’d hold a grudge after all this time.” Phillip shrugged.
“What grudge?”
“His girlfriend dumped him for me. He didn’t take it well. Tom’s a guy who never liked to lose at anything, and he blamed me for it all.” He rolled his eyes and added, “Tom did everything he could think of to get Olivia back, but she wouldn’t go. Too bad he can’t let it go. It’s been years.”
Emily tried to imagine the man who had been chasing a squirrel around the living room as a college tennis player at the small expensive college Phillip had attended, and where she now taught. She just couldn’t picture Tom there hanging out at a fraternity in preppy clothes. He seemed completely at home with his battered pickup truck, working outdoors. Though if he had been good enough to play on the college’s high-ranked tennis team, he did have to be extremely competitive. Phillip certainly was. Emily had long suspected Phillip’s devastated reaction to her breaking the engagement was due as much to ego as hurt.
Phillip moved further into the room and looked it over. Emily could tell he was appraising it. “This place is practically a shack,” he said.
Even though Emily wasn’t surprised at Phillip’s assessment, she still bristled at his words. “It needs a little fixing up, but I like it.” She’d been excited to live in a place that had a history. Growing up as an Army brat meant there had never been a place where she’d put down roots, and with the cottage, she hoped it might become a place where both she and Mia could add their own history. She still wasn’t sure she could afford it, but she had been determined to give it a try.
“It needs a little fixing up?” Phillip went over and examined one of the windows. “Did you get it inspected before you moved in? Do you have any idea of the kind of money you are going to have to sink into this just to keep it from falling down?”
Emily didn’t want to admit it hadn’t even occurred to her to get it inspected. When they had been together, Phillip had often lectured her about how she had to get her nose out of a book and be more practical. She did try, but there were so many things she didn’t know about owning a house that she didn’t even know where to start.
“I thought your godmother was wealthy. Didn’t she leave you any money to keep the place up?”
“I guess Lucinda spent all her money. She was very generous to lots of people.” Including Emily. Lucinda had paid all the legal fees when Emily wanted to adopt Mia after Emily’s cousin Sarah, had died. Sarah had been a single mom when she adopted Mia from China, and no one had thought breast cancer would take her at such a young age, leaving Mia without anyone but Emily. 
Phillip picked up a photograph of Lucinda from a shelf, one of those old-fashioned studio portraits in black and white. “You told me she had all sorts of expensive jewelry she let you play with when you were a kid. These earrings she’s wearing had to have cost a fortune,” He pointed to the art deco style diamond earrings Lucinda wore in the picture. “Didn’t you inherit her jewelry? You can’t let valuable assets sit in a jewelry box.”
“When Mia and I moved in there were just some bits and pieces in the jewelry box, nothing valuable. And I don’t remember ever seeing those particular earrings.” Emily had admired them before in the picture, with their cascading strands of diamonds, but they hadn’t been ones she’d played with.
“What about a safety deposit box? Did she have one?” Now that Phillip was on this topic, Emily knew he wouldn’t stop until he was satisfied. She had forgotten how much it annoyed her to have him harping on every last aspect of her finances even before she had the complication of Lucinda’s bequest.
“I don’t know. I just assumed the executor of the will would have taken care of all that.”
“You can’t assume anything. You should check with the executor. I find it hard to believe she would have gotten rid of all her jewelry. They were assets.” Phillip shook in his head, as if disgusted by the idea. “Well, without money, I can’t believe you want to live way out here.”
Emily didn’t know how to even begin to explain why she loved the cottage, especially in a way Phillip would understand. He liked the best and the newest of everything, from gadgets to cars to houses to clothes. When she’d visited the cottage as a child, it had seemed like something out of a storybook, full of fascinating items and set amidst Lucinda’s almost wild garden. If she tried to tell Phillip that, he’s think she was being foolish. And she wasn’t going to admit she did find the isolation a bit unnerving. He’d focus on that as a reason she and Mia shouldn’t be there.
Mia ran down the stairs, saving Emily from an explanation. The little girl stopped dead at the sight of Phillip. “What are you doing here?”
“Mia! Be polite and say hello.” Emily knew Mia had never liked Phillip, but rudeness couldn’t be tolerated.
“Hello,” Mia said. “Did you meet Mom’s new boyfriend, Tom?”
“Boyfriend?” Phillip looked from Emily to the window, where Tom could be seen back up in the tree.
“Mia! You know I just met Tom. He’s not my boyfriend.” Emily sighed. Leave it to Mia to come up with something like that. “Now go outside and play, and please stay out of trouble.”
“Okay. Bye, Phillip. You might not want to stay long. Our trees here are haunted and sometimes branches just fall down and crush the cars beneath them. Totally flatten them like pancakes. And I know you don’t like your car to get scratched.”
“Oh really. Thanks for the warning,” he said. Mia ran out, slamming the door hard behind her. Phillip winced at the noise. “I can tell she hasn’t missed me.”
“She’s just being Mia.”
“So I see. But I didn’t come here to talk about her. I came here to talk about us. Come sit on the sofa with me.” He sat down and patted the spot next to him.
She stayed where she was. “Phillip, there is no us.”
“I thought now that you’ve had some time away, you’d realize we really should be together. You can’t tell me this is what you want.”
“I can tell you I don’t want you deciding what I want. We’ve been through this over and over. It won’t work. We don’t have enough in common and that’s not going to change.”
He leaned forward. “I’ve been thinking. I was wrong to want you to quit your job. I know you worked hard all those years to get through school and get that job. I just want you to get a better job.”
Emily was stunned. When they first started dating, Phillip had liked showing off that she “had a brain” as he said, and a PhD in history, but when the novelty of it had worn off, it all just seemed to irritate him. He never wanted to hear about her research or her students.
“And I know something that will eventually get you a better job at a major university.” He smiled, waiting for her to ask what it was.
“I’m listening,” she said.
“Dad is transferring me to Rome for a couple of years to run the Italian division. It’s a great promotion. Come with me and you can do all the research you want, and have time to write the book you want. That will get you somewhere faster than teaching a few courses as an adjunct professor. You could get a tenure track position when we get back, at a college closer to the city. And think of being in Italy. Isn’t that your dream?”
Images of Italy flashed before her, all those places she had long wanted to visit. “But what about Mia?” she asked, coming back to reality.
“She could go to boarding school for a couple of years.” Emily was already shaking her head at that. “Or she could go with us,” he said, “though think about how much more time you’d have if she was away at school, and the time we’d have to explore Italy together.”
Emily could hardly take it all in. She couldn’t believe he was here, and wanting her to go to Italy. “I thought we agreed it would never work out.”
“You were the one who thought that, not me. I missed you,” he said, getting up and coming over to take her hands. “My parents miss you. Dad says you were the best thing that ever happened to me, and he was right. Mother wants me to bring you and Mia to see them some weekend. I know I drove you away by being an idiot. You don’t have to be someone else. You can just be you.”
She pulled away from him. “For how long? You know you’ll go back to wanting me to socialize with all your friends at the club, and wear the right clothes and play tennis and all that. I just can’t. That’s not me.”
“I know. It was a mistake. It was just an image I had in my head for a long time of how my life was going to be, but I don’t care about all that. I’d rather have you.” He reached in his pocket and pulled out a blue velvet box. Opening it, he said, “I want you to take the ring back.” 
The large diamond inside sparkled when the light hit it. It was gorgeous as Emily remembered, but she couldn’t bring herself to take it out.
“Phillip, I don’t know. This has all really taken me by surprise.” The first time Phillip had given her the ring, they’d been in a beautiful restaurant overlooking the ocean. She remembered the feeling of thinking it was like a scene out of a movie, with the music in the background and a waiter hovering with a bottle of champagne. But life wasn’t a movie, she reminded herself.
Mia chose that moment to come back inside. She saw the ring and then looked at Emily.
“I thought you broke up,” she said. Her face turned bright red and Emily knew she was angry.
“We did,” Emily said. “Mia, Phillip and I need to talk some more, alone. Would you please go up to your room or go back outside.”
“Fine.” Mia stomped back to the front door and outside.
“Phillip, I….”
“Don’t say anything. I know Mia doesn’t like me, but I’ll get her to like me. I didn’t try before and now I’m willing to make an effort. Don’t let Mia’s feelings make up your mind for you. She’ll come around. And I can provide her with all sorts of things she wouldn’t have otherwise.”
Emily wasn’t sure she could take him at his word. “How can I believe you’re going to take an interest in Mia? You made it clear you weren’t interested in children.”
“I’ve changed. I’ve had a lot of time to think these last few months. It will all be different, I promise. We were good together.” He brushed her cheek with his hand and she felt that surge of excitement she’d always felt when he touched her. As he moved closer to kiss her, she became aware of the smell of something burning. The pumpkin bread. She had completely forgotten it.
“Phillip, I have to get something out of the oven.” When she went into the kitchen, she groaned at the wisps of smoke coming from the edges of the oven door. Grabbing a hot pad, she pulled the door open and took out what remained of the bread.
Phillip had followed her into the kitchen. “You were baking?” he asked in disbelief.
“I was trying to.” The sight of the blackened lump made her want to cry. Mia would be so disappointed. One more mom failure for the record. She always felt like she was never getting it right compared to the moms of Mia’s friends.
“You shouldn’t waste your time baking. How about you get a babysitter for Mia and I take you out to dinner tonight. We can talk more about Italy. I’ll come back and get you after I play a few rounds.”
“Not tonight. I need time to think.” She hated to have sudden changes thrust on her, and this one was so completely unexpected, she couldn’t handle it.
At least Phillip didn’t try to persuade her. He set the box with the ring on the table over her protests and said, “I know that look on your face. I won’t push you now, but I am going to call you.” He moved closer and she knew he wanted to kiss her.
She took a step back. “Please, Phillip, please go.”
“All right. I’ll go,” he said, checking his watch. “Think about it. I love you.”
When the door shut behind him, she sank down onto a chair. Kiki appeared and jumped in her lap, butting her head against Emily, her way of demanding attention. Emily petted her, trying to work through what had just happened. She’d thought she had moved beyond Phillip, but the sight of him threw her emotions into turmoil. It had been exciting to be with him, and his family had welcomed her to their world, even though she didn’t fit in very well. She didn’t have any of her own family left, so she’d been so overwhelmed the Stantons had accepted her. Phillip’s father had been so pleased to learn about her education and her plans, and was always praising her in front of Phillip. They’d even treated Mia like she was their own granddaughter. Breaking it off with Phillip had been breaking it off with the whole family. It had been a hard decision, but at the time Emily was sure it was the right decision. So why wasn’t she sure now?
The whole situation made Emily so tense, she felt a headache coming on. When Tom came to the door to give her the bill, she tried to write him a check, but he waved it off. “Send it when you can,” he said. “No rush. You know, I can give you the name of a roofer who will give you a fair price.” Her look must have been blank enough for him to add, “You do know you need a new roof, right? This one’s in terrible shape. I’m surprised it’s not leaking already.”
“I didn’t know. Thanks for telling me. I’ve never owned a house before.” Inside, Emily cursed herself for not thinking about that. She had no idea how much a roof cost, but she knew whatever the price, she couldn’t afford it.
“I should warn you about Mia,” Tom said. “She’s out making what she calls a witch’s potion from some chokeberries she found. I told her to make sure she didn’t eat anything she’s made from a plant, and not to give it to anyone else either. I thought I should tell you because I don’t know how well she listens. My nephew is about that same age and he’s not so good at listening to rules.”
Emily had a terrible vision of Mia accidentally poisoning herself. Chokeberries sounded dangerous. She started outside to find her. “Do you know where she is?”
“It’s all right,” Tom said. “Chokeberries aren’t poisonous, but I wanted to warn her in case she finds some that are. Lucinda planted every kind of berry imaginable here. It’s like a berry jungle.”
Emily hadn’t even thought about dangers from plants. She’d warned Emily about staying away from the road and strangers and everything else she could think of, but not plants. It made her panicky to think of what else she had missed. “Are the bewitchberries dangerous? Mia keeps asking me which ones they are and I don’t know. Lucinda would never tell me the few times I visited her.”
Tom laughed. “There is no such thing as a bewitchberry. That was just one of Lucinda’s quirks. She’s got bayberries and winterberries and juneberries and many more, but nothing I’ve ever heard called a bewitchberry. It’s a good name though. It does sound like it should be a real plant.”
“Oh,” Emily felt a little deflated. Mia would be disappointed. She was sure there was some magic berry on the property. “Thank you,” she said to Tom, wanting him to leave so she could go find Mia.
“No problem,” he said. He must have sensed her impatience, because he pulled away in his truck just a moment later.
Emily found Mia in the back yard under the big tree, using a rock to pound up berries in an old metal bucket. “What are you doing?” she asked. Mia had a fierce look on her face, one Emily knew signaled anger.
“I’m making a potion to keep people away from our house. We don’t need anybody else here. It’s our magic cottage, yours and mine and Kiki’s, and that’s all!”
“Sweetie, please stop. I know you were surprised to see Phillip, but he just came to talk to me.”
“You aren’t going to marry him, are you? If you do, I’m going back to China.”
“Oh, Mia.” Emily pulled the little girl into her arms, feeling terrible at Mia’s words. When Mia had come to live with her, after the death of her first adoptive mother, the little girl had offered to go back to China so Emily wouldn’t have to care for her. It had made Emily’s heart break for the girl. “You’re not going anywhere. You and I are together for always. You’re my forever daughter, remember? You come first. I’ll make a decision that’s right for both of us.”
“And Kiki too?”
“Kiki too. Now, why don’t you put away your potion-making for a bit and get cleaned up. It’s almost dinner time and I think we should go out for hamburgers and fries. I’m hungry for the biggest hamburger they make at Zip’s.” Emily knew Mia loved the local restaurant. If anything could distract her from Phillip’s visit, it would be that. “You can even have a milkshake.”
“Yes!” Mia pulled away and pumped her arm in the air. “Race you!”
As Emily went inside to change, she realized she needed to factor something else into her decision about Phillip. If something ever happened to her, the Stantons would be there for Mia. The little girl would have an extended family around her, with the resources to provide for her. Emily had a will, but Mia’s guardianship in it was given to a college friend, who Mia didn’t even know. Emily didn’t want her daughter to ever feel alone again.
When they left the cottage, Emily’s mood had lightened just by seeing Mia’s happiness at something so simple as a restaurant visit. As they went down the steps, Emily put her hand on the wooden railing on the steps. The whole thing broke off and fell to one side, nearly taking her with it as she almost lost her balance. She knew it had been in bad shape, but she hadn’t expected that.
“Maybe Mr. Cavanaugh can come over and fix it,” Mia said. “He’s allowed to visit us. The potion isn’t for him. I should have told Phillip about the ghosts. I bet he’s scared of ghosts.”
“Mia, enough.” Emily added cottage repairs to the list of things she’d think about tomorrow. She wouldn’t ask Tom if he could fix it, but maybe she could call him to get a recommendation for someone. “No,” she said out loud.
“What, Mom?”
“Nothing.” She wouldn’t call Tom Cavanaugh. He’d get the wrong idea, and she didn’t want that. Did she? She’d ask Alicia who she should call instead.
When they got home, Kiki was nowhere to be found, and Mia, tired out from the day, started to cry.
“She was inside when we left and she couldn’t get out on her own,” Emily said, trying to console Mia. “I’m sure she’d just in one of her hiding places. She’ll come out when she wants to.”
“Are you sure she was inside?”
Emily actually didn’t remember. Kiki came and went so much it was hard to get track of her. To find the cat and get Mia to bed, Emily got a can of tuna out the cabinet and opened it, waving it around the living room. If Kiki was in the house, she’d come out for a tuna treat. Sure enough, the cat emerged stretching and yawning from behind one of the bookshelves. Emily couldn’t figure out how the cat had fit, until she shifted the bookcase and discovered a small alcove in the wall which had been blocked from view by the books. A small knitted blanket was folded in it. Emily realized they had discovered Kiki’s longtime hidden nap spot.
“Mom, there’s something in there.” Mia reached in and pulled out a pale blue envelope. Emily recognized Lucinda’s handwriting. “It’s addressed to me!” Mia shouted, ripping it open. She took out a matching sheet of stationery and read it out loud.

Dearest Mia,
If you’ve found this letter, I hope it means you and your mother have settled into our little cottage. I didn’t get a chance to know you well, but I’m so happy you are here. The cottage is a very special place. It may be small, but it has always been magical to me. It’s bewitched me and I think you will feel the same way.
Love, Lucinda

“See, it is magical! Lucinda says so.” Mia waved the letter in the air.
“Sweetie, Lucinda doesn’t mean literally magical. She means the way it made her feel.” From Mia’s confused look, Emily knew she didn’t understand.
“There’s a note for you too, Mom.” Mia handed Emily another sheet of paper. It read,

Emily,
I wanted you to have this cottage not only because I want you to have a home of your own, but because I think you’ll be happy here. I remember how much you loved the miniature rooms when you were a little girl, and how much you daydreamed over them. I know you’ve always felt a little out of place wherever you were, but here, you don’t ever have to feel that again.
Lucinda
P.S. I’ve hidden something else in the cottage for you, something special. People will think I lost my wits in doing so, but I want you to have the fun of searching for it. To find it, you’ll have to see behind the obvious.

Emily brushed a tear away from her eye. Lucinda had never been one to talk about feelings, and Emily had no idea Lucinda knew her so well. It touched her that Lucinda had cared so much.
“What does she mean about something hidden, something special?” Mia had taken the letter from her and was pouring over it.
“What?”
“This part, in the P.S. that says there is something hidden in the cottage.”
Emily took the letter back. She had been so overwhelmed with Lucinda’s words, she hadn’t noticed the contents of the postscript. “Knowing Lucinda, it could be anything.”
“But the letter says it’s a special thing.”
“Mia, Lucinda considered things special that other people wouldn’t. It could be something like a bird’s nest or a pretty rock. And anyway, I don’t know where to look. There’s nothing unusual in any of the cabinets or closets. Maybe it’s something we’ve already found. There are all of Lucinda’s knickknacks around.”
“It’s not any of them. None of them were hidden. We have to look for it.”
Emily recognized the stubborn set to Mia’s mouth. “You can look tomorrow after school if you want,” she said, “but only if you go to bed now without a fuss.”
“Okay, but I’m going to look until I find it! Maybe it’s a magic spell book.”




Chapter Three

When morning came, Emily found she didn’t want to think about Phillip. She tried, but her brain just became too muddled trying to figure out her own feelings and Mia and the cottage and her job. Knowing she wasn’t getting anywhere, she told herself if she just concentrated on her classes and day to day life, the answer would come to her. At least she hoped it would. Deciding she needed a cup of coffee for her drive to work, Emily stopped into the café after she dropped Mia off. As she opened the door, the scent of cinnamon hit her. It smelled so good, it inspired her to try again with her baking efforts. She’d love to have the cottage smell like this.
 “So, show me the ring!” Alicia reached over the counter and grabbed Emily’s hand. “Where is it?”
“What ring?”
“I heard from Tom you were engaged. Who is it and where’s the rock?”
Emily pulled her hand away. “I’m not engaged. Where did Tom hear that?” As she asked, she realized Mia must have said something, though she could only imagine what. She hoped Mia hadn’t given Tom an earful about Phillip. “Tom was in here?”
“He comes in every morning early right when we open, before he starts work. I’m confused though. He made it sound like someone came to your house with a ring, and you were engaged.”
“I can’t believe you two had a detailed conversation about me. Tom doesn’t seem like the gossipy type.”
A guilty look appeared on Alicia’s face. “He doesn’t gossip. I held his coffee hostage while I asked him lots of questions. Don’t glare at me like that! I was just trying to get a sense of how it went. So who’s the guy? Tom was kind of weird about that. Sounds like someone he didn’t like.”
“Someone I broke up with before I moved here. I didn’t take the ring. I’m still thinking about it.”
Alicia shook her head. “Not good. I’ve always thought if you had to think about something, it means no.”
Emily used the excuse to examine the pastries in the case as a way not to meet Alicia’s eyes. “I’m not as sure of things as you are. I think about everything.”
“Well, if it turns out you say no, tell me and I’ll find a way to tell Tom. I think you two would be great together!”
“While I appreciate having my own personal matchmaker, I don’t know why you’ve decided on Tom for me.” Emily stood back up, wanting to know the answer. Alicia had to have a reason.
“He needs someone different, like you. And I don’t want him to move away again. He might decide he made a mistake coming back here and leave again.”
In spite of herself, Emily was curious. “Where was he before?”
“He was a landscape architect for a big firm in North Carolina. I was shocked he walked away from such a good job, but he just said it was time for a change.”
Alicia’s brother, Justin, who occasionally helped her out in the bakery, came over. “I take it you’re talking about Tom. Have you joined the ranks of single women in town who have no trees left in their yards because they keep hiring Tom to come cut them down?”
“People don’t really do that!”
“You’d be surprised. Back in high school, it amazed me how many girls found reasons to be around him.”
“He must have a giant ego,” Emily said. She knew all about egos. Phillip had a healthy one himself.
“He doesn’t,” Alicia said. “He knows women want him, but he deals with it well. He’s had a lot of practice. One of my high school friends dated him for a while and still thinks the world of him, even though he was the one who broke up with her.”
Emily found it hard to believe Tom Cavanaugh was such a paragon. “It doesn’t really matter what I think of him. I can’t afford to hire him to do any more work. I should go. Can I get a coffee? The regular?”
“Sure. Want a fresh apple bar too?” Alicia asked. “Justin just made them.”
Emily knew she shouldn’t, but she couldn’t resist. “Yes, they smell terrific.”
While Emily was waiting, an elderly woman came up to the counter. The woman wore an elaborate Halloween-themed necklace and had on an orange headband which matched her sweater. She made Emily smile at her obvious enthusiasm for the holiday.
“Miss Martin?”
“Yes,” Emily said. She didn’t recognize the woman.
“I’m Marcia Witmer. I’m so glad I ran into you. I was going to come see you tonight.”
Emily couldn’t imagine why the woman would be visiting her, so she just said hello and waited for an explanation.
“I wanted to talk to you about the field next to Lucinda’s cottage. Or, I should say your field next to your cottage.”
“Yes?” The field was basically a meadow, full of wildflowers. Emily liked looking out on it when the flowers were in bloom, but she had wondered why Lucinda owned it. From what little Emily knew of country life, she thought fields were supposed to be planted with crops or used to keep cows or something. Lucinda’s attorney had even suggested Emily sell it.
 “In previous years, dear Lucinda let us, or I should say the town, use the field every year for the town’s Halloween festival. Perhaps you know of it?”
Emily shook her head. She had only visited Lucinda in the summer.
“Well, this year, with Lucinda passing and the uncertainty of what would happen to it, we lined up another site, but that has fallen through. Would you consider continuing the tradition and letting the town use the field?”
Since Emily couldn’t think of any reason to say no, she said, “Of course. The grass is very tall though. I haven’t had anything done to it since I moved in.”
The woman clasped her hands together. “That’s wonderful. Thank you. Don’t worry about the grass. Lucinda let it go wild too. Some of the townspeople volunteer to mow the field before we set the tents up. You don’t have to do anything, except let people descend on your property. Our volunteers handle everything. Lucinda used to pay for the tents, but of course we couldn’t ask that of you.” There was the tiniest pause, as if Mrs. Witmer was expecting Emily to offer to continue that tradition too. Emily felt embarrassed she couldn’t.
Luckily, Alicia spoke up to cover the awkward pause. “Emily, it’s so much fun, one of the biggest events we have in Tanager. The whole town comes and there is dancing, and food, and games for the kids. Lucinda used to dress up in a fancy witch costume. Maybe you could carry on that tradition.”
Emily was still trying to process the thought of a giant party right next to her house. She couldn’t yet think about a costume.
“I’m so glad you are in the cottage,” Mrs. Witmer said. “Lucinda loved that place and it would make her happy to know it’s well cared for. Now, I’ll get everything started. Don’t be surprised when the volunteers arrive. They come early and stay late. Thank you again.”
While Emily drove to work, she thought about what Mrs. Witmer had said. Lucinda would be happy Emily and Mia were there, but Emily felt a little guilty about how she hadn’t done anything to care for the cottage. She told herself she’d sit down that week and make a list of what needed to be done, try to prioritize, and then figure out the money situation. It would be terrible if they had to give up the cottage because she couldn’t afford it. A little voice in her head whispered that she could get Phillip to keep it up if she agreed to go to Italy, and then it would still be theirs for when they came back. Lucinda had convinced her husband they needed it as a weekend getaway place, back when they lived in the city. Why couldn’t she and Phillip use it the same way? As soon as she had that thought, she reminded herself wanting to keep a cottage was very bad reason to get married. And Phillip would never want to spend weekends there. It was too far from the country club.
The next night when she was trying to fix a squeaky door and getting oil everywhere, the phone rang. Expecting it to be Phillip, she picked it up to find Tom on the line instead. She stumbled over a greeting and then he said, “I was talking to Alicia in the coffee shop this morning, and I was wondering if you’d like to go on a canoe trip next Saturday with me and Alicia and her date. She told me you’ve been working hard and you haven’t had much of a chance to see the sights around here.”
A canoe date? Emily couldn’t have been more surprised if Tom had suggested jumping out of an airplane. Both were way beyond her comfort level, as was an actual date. “Um…I don’t know how to canoe. I’ve never had a chance to do much of anything outdoorsy.”
“You don’t need to know. I’ll teach you and we’ll be in the canoe together. The weather is supposed to be beautiful and the leaves are changing. What do you say?”
She hesitated, and then surprised herself by agreeing. “Okay, I guess, as long as I can find someone to stay with Mia.”
“Alicia has that all covered. She wants you to call her. So I’ll see you Saturday afternoon?”
“Yes.” They talked for a few more minutes and then Emily hung up the phone, still a little amazed at the call. What had she gotten herself into?
She tried to reach Alicia, but Alicia didn’t pick up. The next morning, Emily stopped in the cafe and waited until Alicia didn’t have anyone in line waiting to order.
“Morning!” Alicia called out. “Did Tom call?”
“Yes. I nearly fell over when I answered the phone.”
“Well, when he came in yesterday, I just happened to mention you were only thinking about getting engaged. He was very interested in that bit of information. I think he wants to convince you to say no. You must have made a big impression on him.”
Emily found that hard to believe. “Just how much input did you have on this canoeing plan?”
Alicia held up her hands. “None, I swear. It was all his idea. I love it though, because it gave me an excuse to ask out someone I met last week at the fundraiser for the fire department. He’s a new fireman there, Jack Bannon. And he said yes right away when I called! Tom already knows him and they’re working out the details with the canoes. I’m dealing with the food, so all you have to do is show up.”
“Why do I feel like this is all totally out of my control?”
Alicia smiled. “Because it is. And Mia is invited to my cousin Heather’s house. Mia is friends with her daughters and they are going to go apple picking and then have a cookout.”
“Are those the identical twins? I think Mia said their names were Katie and Lucy.”
“Yes, Katie and Lucy Lerner. They are Mia’s newest fans. According to Heather, every other sentence out of their mouths is ‘Mia says… Mia thinks….’”
“I hope she doesn’t lead them into too much trouble,” Emily said. “Okay, as long as your cousin is willing. If you give me her phone number, I’ll call and work out the details.”
Mia was ecstatic over the whole idea, though she was a little concerned about the idea of Emily in a canoe. “Mom, you don’t do stuff like that. You’ll fall out!”
“I won’t. It can’t be that hard.” She hoped. “I’m not totally incompetent.”
Mia didn’t answer, but Emily could tell by her expression that she wasn’t convinced.
It was arranged that on Saturday Tom would pick both Emily and Mia up and drop Mia off at the Lerners before meeting up with Alicia and her date. Emily expected Tom to pick them up in his truck, but instead he pulled into the driveway in a jeep, no canoe in sight.
When Emily asked about the boat, he said, “Everything’s set. The canoes are already at the river.”
They left Mia off at the Lerner’s. Alicia’s cousin Heather was a slightly older version of Alicia, the same red curls, wide smile and bright eyes that betrayed an interest in everything. While Tom was talking to Heather’s husband Greg, Heather pulled her aside and said, “I’m so glad you’ve met Tom. We’d really like to see him settle down.” Exactly like Alicia, Emily thought. Or was there something in the water in Tanager that made everyone play matchmaker?
Heather directed the girls to the backyard and then continued, “He’s dated a lot of women we all knew weren’t right for him. Now that he’s older, we’re hoping he’ll finally realize what kind of woman he really needs.”
“It’s way too early to talk about settling down!” Emily protested. 
Heather just smiled. Emily wondered exactly how many people were tracking Tom’s dates, and now her own life. One of the drawbacks of living in a small town, she supposed.
Mia didn’t even notice when Emily and Tom left. When they reached the river, a beaming Alicia and her fireman, Jack, were waiting for them. Jack looked to be in his late thirties, already a little gray showing in his dark hair. His athletic build made it easy for Emily to picture him fighting fires. He was clearly eager to be on the river, and he and Alicia had everything already stowed in the boats.
“I should have asked how well you swim,” Tom said to Emily. “The river is very calm on the stretch we’ll be on, but if you aren’t comfortable in the water, it’s best to wear a life jacket. I have a couple in the canoe.”
“One thing I can do is swim,” Emily assured him. That was about the extent of her athletic ability, but at least it gave her a little confidence.
Tom gave her a quick lesson on shore, then held the edge of the boat while she stepped in. Emily hadn’t expected it to be so tippy, and nearly lost her balance.
“It takes some getting used to,” Alicia called. She and Jack were already paddling away.
“You’re doing fine,” Tom said. “Just don’t start dancing around or anything like that.”
Emily forced a laugh, worried she was going to make an idiot of herself and fall out of the boat just like Mia feared.
They took off and Emily tried to paddle the way Tom had explained, though she suspected she was more a hindrance than a help. He didn’t seem to mind, keeping them on a straight course, occasionally suggesting she switch sides with her paddle. Some of the time they were next to Alicia and Jack, and chatted back and forth. Sometimes one or the other boats would pull away, and then Tom told Emily stories about growing up in Tanager, making it sound like such an idealized childhood, that it made her more determined than ever Mia would have happy memories she could look back on.
It was perfect weather, just like Tom had said. Emily had never realized how peaceful it was to meander along enjoying the weather, the views and the company. Alicia’s fireman had too much energy to meander. He challenged them to short races, paddling their canoe in circles occasionally, and generally keeping Alicia in constant laughter.
Emily hadn’t thought to ask how long they’d be in the canoe. Her arms were starting to ache as dusk began to fall. Tom must have noticed her trying to stretch them to ease the tension, because he said, “We’re almost there.”
“This is a dumb question, but where’s there?”
“We have a place to pull up and spend the evening in front of a campfire.” He steered the canoe over to a clearing in the trees on the far shore. Jack and Alicia had already pulled up, and Jack helped Emily out of the canoe. The area had some huge flat rocks covering it, and in between two of the rocks someone had stacked wood for a fire, like a natural firepit. Some large logs had been placed around to sit or lean on. Emily thought it was perfect.
Jack and Tom got coolers and blankets out of the canoes. “I wanted to do something a little fancier than hotdogs,” Alicia said. “We’ve got everything we need for chicken fajitas.” She opened up one of the coolers and took out some foil packets. “The chicken and veggies are in here, and then once they’re cooked, we’ll wrap them in tortillas.”
“Sounds delicious,” Emily said.
“I assume everyone wants a beer.” Jack pulled bottle out of the other cooler, opened them and handed them around.
Emily had never imagined beer and food in foil could taste so good. They devoured all of it, and then Alicia pulled out dark chocolate brownies, one of her specialties at the cafe.
Emily enjoyed it all, though she felt completely useless at both the cooking and at keeping the fire going. She mostly just sat and watched the activity. After they finished eating, everyone relaxed back against the logs. As the sun began to fall, the temperature dropped quickly and she wished she had brought a jacket, but she didn’t want to say anything that sounded like a complaint.
“This is a great place,” Emily said. “Is it part of a park or something?”
“No, a friend of mine, Max Witmer, owns it,” Tom said, stirring the fire. “We cleared this spot back when we were in high school.”
“It had quite a reputation back then.” Alicia moved closer to Jack and he put his arm around her. “Every girl’s greatest wish was to be invited here by Tom or Max for one of their little private ‘cookouts,’ which lasted far into the night.”
Even in the darkness, Emily could see Tom’s face turning red. “You’re exaggerating,” he said.
“I am not, and you know it, but I won’t embarrass you any more in front of Emily. You did bring your guitar, didn’t you?”
Tom got up. “I did, as requested. Are you sure you want to be subjected to my playing?”
“Definitely, go get it.”
Tom took off into the woods, returning a few minutes later with a guitar case.
“Has that been in the woods?” Emily asked, confused.
“It was in my truck up on the road.”
At Emily’s blank look, he laughed. “The road is right through the woods that way. We’ve got vehicles there so we don’t have to canoe all the way back to the jeep.”
“Oh.” Emily felt really stupid. Of course they wouldn’t canoe back in the dark. Tom must think she was hopeless.
He sat down and took out the guitar, strumming it softly while he tuned it. Emily watched his face while he played a few classic songs, singing in a nice soft baritone. He really was a beautiful man. It was hard to believe he wanted to spend time with her. She’d always been the geeky girl, fairly invisible to anyone except other bookworms. Phillip had only noticed her because she had literally run into him in a hotel lobby, where she’d been giving a talk at a conference. He’d chosen to be charmed by her for some reason, telling her he didn’t usually date academic types. Thinking of Phillip spoiled her mood. She pushed him from her mind and went back to listening to the music, realizing it was a good excuse just to gaze upon Tom.
“Can you sing?” Tom asked Emily.
“Not very well,” she said.
“Everyone says that, and I don’t believe that. I looked you up on the college website. I bet anyone who teaches Renaissance history knows Greensleeves. Right?”
“Yes,” she said, feeling pleased he’d been interested enough to look her up. It also meant he wasn’t easily scared off by women who were the bookish type.
“So, do you want to sing it while I play?”
Emily nodded, though she felt embarrassed at the idea of singing in front of other people. She only sang when she was alone or with Mia. Glancing over at Alicia and Jack, she realized they weren’t even listening. They were wrapped in each other’s arms, Jack murmuring something in Alicia’s ear.
Tom smiled at the two and then at Emily. “We’ll see if they notice they’re being serenaded.”
He played a few chords and then asked, “Is that tempo good?”
“Yes.” She started out wobbly, trying not to be too self-conscious. As she sang along, Emily found herself having fun, aware of Tom watching her intently, his expression serious. When the final chord died out, he put the guitar down in the case and came over to sit down beside her. “You have a beautiful voice,” he said. “I’ll have to learn some more songs you know. We’d make a good duo.”
“Only if we can come back here to practice. It’s perfect, with the fire and the stars and the sound of the river.”
“I’m glad you like it. It’s not for everyone.” He took her hand and started a little at the feel of her icy fingers. “Your hands are freezing. You should have said something. You know, if you sit on my lap, I can warm you up much faster.”
She didn’t hesitate, moving over onto his lap as he wrapped his arms around her, taking both her hands in his. She leaned her head again his shoulder, feeling a little giddy, like she was back in high school. This would have been a dangerous place for a high school girl to keep her head, out in the dark with someone like Tom. Not that she’d ever been in that situation back then.
Tom broke her mood when he said, “You know, it’s not really any of my business, but I’m going to ask anyway. How long have you known Phillip Stanton?”
She lifted her head up to look at him, “I met him about a year ago. Why?”
“I just can’t see you two together. Do you know much about his past?”
“No. I know he went to college with you,” Emily said. “I know his parents, who are lovely people. They’ve always been wonderful to me. What past?”
“Ask him about college. I’d hate to see you hurt.” To Emily’s frustration, Tom wouldn’t say any more. “It’s his responsibility to tell you. Just ask him.”




Chapter Four

The mention of Phillip killed their conversation. They sat watching the fire for a few minutes and then Jack stood up, pulling Alicia up next to him. “I think we are going to take off,” he said, putting his arm around her. “Do you mind if we load up the canoes?” Emily could tell from the way the two were acting they wanted to be somewhere with more privacy.
“I should go too,” Emily said, unable to stop thinking about what Tom had said. “I need to pick up Mia. I’m sure she’s exhausted your cousin.”
Tom didn’t say much on the ride back and Emily wondered what had really been the point of the evening. He was the one who brought up Phillip, almost as if he wanted to put a stop on the little bit of closeness that was developing between them.
When they arrived at the Lerners, Mia was still in a state of high excitement, though Emily thought the rest of the group looked a little tired.
“Mom, we played ghost in the graveyard and roasted marshmallows and told spooky stories. It was awesome!” Mia said, spinning around.
“It sounds awesome,” Emily said, “Did you tell everyone thank you?”
The thank yous were said, and once they were in the jeep, Mia was asleep almost before they pulled out of the driveway. Emily felt tiredness overcome her too.
At the cottage, Tom carried Mia inside and up the stairs, putting her down on top of the quilt covering her bed.
Emily pulled off Mia’s shoes and whispered, “I’ll cover her up with a blanket later.” 
They went back downstairs, each stair creaking loudly. Emily had never noticed how much noise they’d made before. At the bottom of the stairs, she said, “Would you like a drink or some coffee?” She felt like she should offer something, but she didn’t want him to think she was begging him to stay.
“Another time I’d say yes, but I have to leave early tomorrow morning for a week, and I need to put the canoe away and other things.”
“Oh,” she said, so disappointed, her mood plummeted even further.
“I’ll be back for the Halloween Festival. You will be there, right?”
“I’ll be there,” she said.
“Good,” he murmured, and then took her in his arms and kissed her. She melted against him, realizing she had been hoping he’d kiss her all evening. The warmth that rose within her shook her to the core, making her forget everything but the feel of him.
He stopped too soon. “I should go,” he said softly, “before my better judgment disappears. Next week, right?” He kissed her gently and then left, leaving her completely confused, about him, about Phillip, about her own feelings. She hadn’t expected any of it.
Waking up the next day to a cloudy sky put her in a bad mood, and Mia quickly made it worse, driving Emily crazy with the search for the special thing Lucinda said she had hidden.
“Lucinda said we have to see behind the obvious, so that means it’s behind something!” Mia insisted. Emily refused to move big pieces of furniture, but Mia managed to wiggle around and under many things, finding nothing but large dust bunnies. “I’m not going to give up,” she said when Emily tucked her in that night. “It has to be somewhere.”
Emily hoped Mia would move on to another interest soon, because she suspected the search would only result in disappointment. Before she went to bed, Emily forced herself to take a serious look at the cottage, and her own income. Working as an adjunct professor, while paying off far too much student debt, didn’t leave her enough to do more than make patchwork repairs. It had been so much easier living in an apartment without the worry of home repair and yard work. No matter how many times she looked at her expenses, she couldn’t find any extra money. To add to her bad mood, it rained in the night, and as Tom had predicted, the roof began to leak, the water dripping in right over her bed. She dragged the bed over enough so that she could put a bucket down to catch the drips, hurting her back enough to make bending over painful. The incessant pinging of drops in the bucket drove her down to the sofa for the night, which didn’t help her back at all.
On Monday, even though Emily woke up with a back that was still aching and a feeling like she might be coming down with something, she at least looked forward to her lecture that morning, loving the feeling of getting completely engrossed in her topic. Once in the lecture hall though, before she could even start, a student sitting in front raised his hand.
“Yes, Declan?” she asked, dreading what he would say. Declan O’Malley was older than most of her other students, a real loner who had some odd theories about history, one of those people who was always looking for hidden conspiracies. She liked students to question the material, as long as they had some rational reason to do so, but Declan’s notions veered off into the bizarre.
Declan glanced around at the class, his thin face and dark eyes showing strain. From the grayness of his skin and the almost black marks under his eyes, he didn’t appear to have slept for days. “I’ve reason to believe we are being monitored,” he announced. “Have you been told that the college has installed hidden cameras in all the lecture rooms?”
At first, Emily couldn’t take in what he had just said. A few students let out some nervous laughter, shifting in their seats and whispering to each other.
“Have you?” he asked again.
“Um…no,” she said. “That hasn’t happened. There would be no need for hidden cameras.”
“Well, I guess they wouldn’t tell you. They’re here, though. Mark my words.” He looked up at the ceiling and said, “Those of you watching us, we know what you are doing.”
More laughter came from the students until Declan turned around and glared at them. The whole room fell silent and several of the students looked to Emily, waiting for her to say something. Emily didn’t know what to do. She picked up her notes and shuffled them while she pondered her options, not used to dealing with such behavior. Declan got up and she flinched, but he only moved a few seats over, again examining the ceiling. Deciding it best to carry on to avoid agitating him any more than he already was, she managed to get through the lecture, though she could tell the whole class was uneasy.
After it was over and everyone had left, avoiding Declan like he was contagious, Emily decided she had to tell someone. She stopped in the office of another history professor, Charlotte DeVors, a long-time member of the faculty who had been kind enough to take Emily under her wing almost from the day Emily had started. Luckily, Charlotte was there and alone, deeply engrossed in a manuscript, her glasses slipping down off her nose as always. Emily sank down in the chair in front of Charlotte’s desk, thinking the clutter of books and papers made her feel at home, as did Charlotte, whose penchant for brightly colored sweaters hinted she wasn’t quite the stern professor most students assumed.
Charlotte listened patiently while Emily explained, but as soon as Emily finished, she stood up. “We need to go to the Dean right away. That behavior is strange enough to call for some action, because I’m afraid it’s only going to get worse.”
Emily felt relieved Charlotte was taking her seriously. “I didn’t want to overreact.”
“You aren’t. We’ve learned enough from tragedies at other schools not to ignore it when students start exhibiting symptoms of psychological disturbance. That young man was in one of my classes last year, and he had his odd moments then, but he wasn’t as bad. I’d say he needs to be on some medication if he isn’t already.”
The rest of the day was taken up with emergency meetings on what to do about Declan. Emily was glad there were policies in place to deal with such a student, and it was mostly out of her hands, but by the end of afternoon, she had a raging headache to match her still aching back, and her throat had developed a worrisome tickle. As she was driving home, she thought how nice it would be to shut out the world that night and just relax with Mia. 
She picked Mia up from the afterschool daycare and let them inside the cottage, trying to ignore the cloudy sky that promised more rain. Some time during the day, people had arrived to start the festival setup, and she wondered how they’d get it all done if it rained too much.
The answering machine was blinking. The message from Charlotte consisted of a terse, “Call me.”
Emily did, and Charlotte launched right into an explanation. “Declan was asked to come to a meeting at the Dean’s office with his advisor. He showed up with a gun, but the Dean had someone from Security there who talked him down. Declan’s in a hospital right now undergoing a mental evaluation. Thank goodness you started the inquiry. Who knows when he might have snapped at a time when there was no security around.”
Mumbling a few words, Emily put the phone down, her hand shaking. What would have happened if Declan had brought a gun to class? It had never occurred to Emily when she had decided she wanted to teach that such a job would include dealing with students’ extreme emotional problems. Teaching was supposed to be a safe job. She needed a safe job. Every single parent did. The thought of what could have happened and what that would mean for Mia made Emily sick.
“You look funny,” Mia said, waving her hand in front of Emily’s face.
Emily forced herself to smile. “Funny how?” She stuck out her tongue and Mia laughed. “I’m just a little tired. I think we’ll have frozen pizza for dinner, though I guess I can cook it first. Unless you like popsicle pizza?”
“Yuck!” Mia made a face back at her. “Put some extra cheese on it, okay?”
Emily went through the motions the next few hours, though she felt increasingly strange, knowing she was definitely getting a fever. After she had put Mia to bed, she climbed in her own and piled the blankets on her, hoping a good night’s sleep would do the trick. Instead, she woke in the middle of the night from a terrible dream about Declan waving a gun in her face. It took her a few moments to realize it was all a dream and to understand why she was drenched in sweat. The fever had taken over and her throat was on fire with pain. She took some medicine and went back to bed, to wake up a few hours later from Mia shaking her shoulder.
“Mom, it’s late. You didn’t wake me up. I’m late for school and I missed the bus.”
Emily tried to sit up, but she felt so terrible, she lay back down. “Mia, sweetie,” she croaked, “I’ll drive you to school in a little while. I need to go to the doctor and I’ll drop you off on the way with a note.”
“Your voice sounds funny,” Mia said, “and your face is really white. I can make my own breakfast, mine and Kiki’s. Can I make you tea?”
“No! I don’t want you to burn yourself. Just pour yourself some cereal, okay? And promise you won’t go outside. Promise?”
“Okay.” Mia picked up Kiki, who Emily saw had been lounging on the foot of the bed the whole time. “We’ll bring you some breakfast too,” she said as she skipped out, Kiki thrown over her shoulder.
“No….” Emily realized she couldn’t talk loud enough to tell Mia she didn’t want anything. She lay back, thinking she had to get up to take some more medicine and somehow get herself to the doctor. Mia brought up a bowl of cereal on a tray, most of the milk sloshed out. Forcing herself to take a bite, Emily said, “Why don’t you get dressed?” She called the doctor’s office, her voice so bad, the receptionist squeezed her in for a late morning appointment. She also called to cancel her classes that day, knowing most of the students would be glad for a break, though she’d have to squeeze in the material later.
The doctor’s visit didn’t take long. The waiting room was surprisingly full, and Doctor Beecham, a man who had been old enough to retire years ago, didn’t waste time. “Strep throat,” he said. “We’ll get you on antibiotics and that should do the trick.”
“How long will I feel bad?” Emily asked. She was hardly ever sick, and she didn’t remember ever having strep throat even as a kid.
“A few days. The antibiotics kick in fast. Just take it easy,” he said, already half way out the door.
The doctor’s visit and the trip to the pharmacist wore Emily out, so when she got home, she collapsed back in bed, setting the alarm so she could get Mia on time. That evening, the effort it took to fix something for Mia’s dinner made Emily hope the medicine really would start working fast. Before Mia, she was used to taking care of herself the few times she got sick, but trying to take care of both Mia and herself made her wish she had someone else she could lean on, even just a little bit.
The next day, Emily felt well enough to get Mia up and ready for school on time, though not to go to work. It felt good to sleep knowing Mia was safe at school. Emily didn’t feel as feverous, and managed to get in a little work between naps. She sat and watched from the window as the volunteers continued their work on the festival setup. It reminded her she needed to find the energy to help Mia finish her Halloween costume. Mia was counting down the days to the festival.
Emily didn’t let herself dwell on seeing Tom again. Just because he’d said he’d see her at the festival didn’t mean he actually would. She knew how often men broke promises, and it hadn’t even really been a promise. The only break in the quietness of the day came with the arrival of the mail. Emily was surprised to see a letter from Phillip’s mother. She hadn’t heard from her since the breakup.
Emily didn’t know anyone else who still used monogrammed stationery, and she could just picture Phillip’s mother, who was always perfectly dressed, sitting at her desk working on her correspondence.

Dear Emily,

We were delighted when Phillip told us he’d been to see you. I do so hope the two of you patch up your differences. I don’t want to interfere, but I did want to let you know how fond we are of you. We’d love to have you visit us for a weekend. Just let us know when you are free. Give my love to Mia.
Faith Stanton

Emily set the letter down on the table, thinking that if she did accept Phillip’s proposal, she would at least have no problems with difficult in-laws. Not many people were so fortunate. It would be such a relief to have people around who cared about Mia, people she could call if she needed help. She’d never been bothered much by being alone and taking care of both herself and Mia, but somehow the past few days had made her realize just how few people she had in her life.
If Phillip really had accepted her for who she was, she could imagine going back to him. He was the exact opposite of her, but that had an appeal. Living with him would force her to be more outgoing, and more adventuresome, and that wasn’t a bad thing. While there was absolutely no way she would send Mia to boarding school, it might be exciting for Mia to have an opportunity to live in a foreign country. Emily tried not to be overly influenced by how much she’d like to spend some time doing research in Italy. That wasn’t a good enough reason to make a life-changing decision. She knew her newfound feelings for Tom complicated things, but she told herself it was just attraction, not even infatuation. She couldn’t let a man she’d only known for ten days influence her life.
Deciding she shouldn’t make a decision while she was ill, Emily got up to make herself tea. The phone rang.
“Why didn’t you call?” Alicia said after Emily answered. “I hear you are sick.”
“How did you know? I didn’t realize that sort of news spread around.” Who knew she was sick besides Mia?
“I took some cupcakes in for the twins’ birthday and Mia told me. She said you couldn’t talk and you were so white, you looked like a vampire had gotten to you.”
Emily tried to laugh, but it made her throat hurt too much. “No vampires. Just strep throat. Luckily, Mia isn’t showing any signs of it.”
“You don’t sound good. How about if I pick Mia up from school and bring her home so you don’t have to go out.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Emily protested. “Really, I’m much better.” She was touched Alicia had offered. It wasn’t like they were old friends or anything.
“It’s no problem. We’ll see you in a few hours.” Alicia hung up the phone before Emily could stop her.
It was a relief not to have to make an effort to get dressed and go outside. Emily fell asleep again, only waking a few minutes before Alicia and Mia arrived at the cottage, Alicia bearing homemade chicken noodle soup.
“You really didn’t have to do this,” Emily said, overwhelmed with Alicia’s thoughtfulness.
“Honey, you live in Tanager now. People take care of each other. Wouldn’t it be okay if I called you if I were sick?”
“Yes, of course. Do you want some coffee or tea? I’m just going to make myself some. Tea is the only thing that helps.”
“Sure, if you feel well enough. I can’t stay long though.”
When they were seated at the kitchen table, Emily asked, “So how’s Jack?”
“He hasn’t called,” Alicia said glumly. “It’s his turn. I asked him out, now he has to take a little initiative.”
“I’m sure he will,” Emily said. “You two seemed great together.”
Alicia flashed a brief smile. “I hope so. I really like him. Say, I heard a rumor Tom is out of town because he went on a job interview. What’s up with that?”
Emily was floored at the news. “He didn’t say anything to me. Maybe that’s not the real reason.”
“I don’t know. The town’s rumor mill is usually pretty accurate.” Alicia put down her cup. “I should go. Call me if you need anything else. I mean that.”
After Alicia left, Emily pondered the news about Tom. Why had Tom even bothered to show some interest in her if he was getting ready to move away. Was it all just because she was a minor diversion until he left? Or was he trying to get back at Phillip for the long ago incident with the girlfriend. She found herself a little angry at both him, and at herself, for even juggling thoughts of two men. She was old enough to know better.
By Thursday, Emily could talk well enough to go back to work. She found a note in her mailbox that Declan had taken a medical leave of absence, which was a big relief. Standing in front of her class that day, she realized she’d never be quite so easy again when dealing with a difficult student. Declan had left a permanent mark on how she viewed teaching.
Since Emily didn’t have any classes or office hours that afternoon, she picked Mia up early from afterschool care. They got home to find a florist delivery van parked in the driveway.
“I was just about to leave these on the front step,” a woman said from the sidewalk. She held out vase of red roses.
“Thank you,” Emily said, taking the roses and then setting them down so she could find some money in her purse for a tip.
“I’ve heard about this place,” the woman said. “It’s cute. It doesn’t look like it’s haunted.”
“It’s not, trust me,” Emily said, hoping Mia wouldn’t pipe up with some story.
The woman seemed disappointed, but all she said as Emily handed her a couple of dollars was, “Enjoy your flowers.”
“There’s a card,” Mia said. “Can I open it?”
“Is it addressed to you?”
“No, it’s got your name on it.”
Emily held out her hand and Mia reluctantly handed it over. “Are they from Mr. Cavanaugh?”
“No, they’re from Phillip.” Emily pulled the card out. It just had Phillip’s name on it, no message. He hadn’t called, and Emily had alternately been annoyed or relieved at that. She supposed she should be mainly relieved since she hadn’t made a decision.
“Oh,” Mia said. “Roses are kind of stinky, actually. You don’t really like all this gushy love stuff, do you?”
“Flowers are very nice,” Emily said. Phillip was a fan of sending flowers, always red roses and always at least two dozen. He didn’t do anything half way. When they got inside, she put the flowers on the hall table, inhaling their scent and thinking how much she should appreciate a man who sent flowers.
She settled down to grade some essays, absentmindedly listening to Mia, who was busy rearranging items in the dollhouses. Mia had wanted to go over to see what was happening at the festival site, but Emily didn’t think she should go alone, so she’d placated her by giving permission for Mia to set up the miniature rooms any way she wanted. As long as it kept Mia occupied, it was all good, though Emily knew they’d end up with the strangest collection of dollhouses imaginable. Mia had decided one should be a hospital and was stuffing every possible bed in it. Another was to be a department store, so that one would have all the accessories and sofas and chairs.
A half hour later, the doorbell rang. “Delivery for Emily Martin,” the man said when Mia opened the door.
“I’m not expecting anything.” Emily got up and went to the door.
The man shrugged. “I just deliver things. You need to sign here.”
She signed and he handed her a package.
“What is it? What is it?” Mia danced around her as she tried to close the door.
Inside the box, Emily found a beautiful pair of dark blue leather gloves, lined with a soft fur.
“There’s something stuck in one!” Mia pulled out a piece of paper, dancing away so Emily couldn’t get it from her.
“It says, I thought these would go with your eyes. I hope we can sing together again very soon, Tom. It’s a little mushy, but not too bad,” Mia pronounced. “What’s the part about the singing mean?”
Emily didn’t want to go into details. “There’s something else in the box. It’s wrapped in polka dot wrapping paper. I wonder who it’s for?”
That got Mia’s attention. She plunged her hand in the box and came up with the package, ripping off the wrapping paper to uncover a small stuffed animal, a squirrel.
“Oh, I love her!” Mia said, hugging it.
“I think it’s supposed to be a he, like El Diablo.” Not that Emily knew for sure El Diablo was male, and she didn’t particularly want to find out how to tell a male squirrel from a female one.
“Can’t you tell this is a girl squirrel? I’m going to name her Felicity.” Mia hugged the animal again as she headed up the stairs. “These are way better than stinky flowers,” she called back over her shoulder.
Emily put the gloves up to her cheek, feeling the softness of them. For someone who hadn’t had a date in high school and only a few in college, the amount of attention from two different men was strange. She felt a little uncomfortable Tom was sending presents, when they barely knew each other. It seemed like there had to be a catch in all of this. Why would someone like Tom make such an effort for her? She wasn’t foolish enough to think she had something other women didn’t. And she also found it hard to believe Phillip really loved her so much to want her back after she left him. He’d never acted crazy in love with her before. She wished things could just be simple. Did people really know when they had fallen in love with the right person?
When the doorbell rang again, Emily couldn’t imagine who it would be. It’s not like she had a third man who would be sending her something, and she didn’t know enough people who would just stop by. Mia yelled “I’ll get it!” Emily heard her running down the stairs, the sound of the door opening and then Mia saying, “Hello.”
Emily didn’t hear anyone answer. She called out “Who is it, Mia?”
“A man,” Mia said. Emily got up and went to the door. When she saw who was there, her heart nearly stopped. Declan stood on the front step, unshaven, his hair a mess. 
“I need to come in,” he said, and before she could stop him, he opened the door and walked past Mia.
Trying not to panic, Emily said, “Declan, this isn’t a good time. I’ve been ill.”
He peered at her. “So have I,” he said. He walked around the room and then went over to one of the miniature rooms. He bent over to examine it and asked, “Did you do these?”
Emily made a grab for Mia, intending to pick her up and run out of the house, but Mia had moved just as Emily reached out for her, heading toward Declan.
“The lady who lived here before made them,” Mia said. “They’re magic.”
“Mia.” Emily managed not to scream her name, though she wanted to. “Mia, Declan is a student of mine and I need to talk to him. Why don’t you go see how they are doing with the setup for the festival?” She had to get Mia out of the house. Declan was only wearing a tshirt and jeans and she didn’t see any signs of a gun, but she feared he could still get violent.
“I thought you said you didn’t want me getting in their way,” Mia said.
“I changed my mind. You’re old enough to know not to bother people. Better hurry before they finish for the day.”
“Your voice sounds funny, Mommy.”
“My throat is hurting again,” Emily said. Her throat was nearly closed up with fear.
Mia skipped out and Declan went over to the sofa. He sat down. “This is a nice house,” he said. “I feel good here.”
Deciding it was best to keep calm and act normal, Emily said, “I’m…I’m glad. I don’t want to be rude, but I’m really not feeling well. What can I help you with?”
A confused look appeared on his face. “I don’t remember.”
Emily didn’t know what to do. “Declan, I know you haven’t been feeling well. Can I call someone for you?”
“Maybe,” he said. “I think your house is safe.”
“It is.” Emily thought about getting her cell phone and calling the sheriff. Could she manage to convey that she needed them to come to the cottage without agitating Declan?
She heard the sound of the front door opening and Mia’s voice. Emily wanted to yell at Mia to go away, but then she heard a woman’s voice, “Can you go get your mother?”
Emily didn’t know if she should feel relief or fear that Declan would overreact to a stranger. She moved over to the hall to see a woman standing next to a young man who had a bloody shirt wrapped around his hand.
“Mom, someone hurt themselves at the field and needs some help,” Mia said.
“I’m sorry to bother you,” the woman said, “but Adam here cut himself and I was hoping he could clean up in your bathroom.”
“Of course,” Emily said, glancing over at Declan. He was just sitting there staring off into space. “The bathroom is right through there.”
The young man went in and the woman introduced herself as Lynn Richmond. They chatted for a few minutes while Emily tried to think of a way to get the woman to help, or to go get someone who would know what to do. Every idea Emily came up with, she discarded, fearing Declan would understand what she was trying to do.
When the young man came back out of the bathroom, Emily was almost desperate to keep them there, and then decided she could use them as an excuse to leave. “Do you mind if I go over to the festival site with you? I’d like to see the progress up close.”
“We’re almost done, but of course you can come over. It is your field, after all.” The woman glanced at Declan and then looked back at Emily a bit strangely. Emily realized Lynn had probably expected to be introduced, as if Emily could say, This is my student who might be having a psychotic break.
“Declan, I have to go now,” Emily said. “Would you mind taking off? I need to lock up behind me.”
Declan sat there for a moment and Emily was afraid he would refuse to leave. Just as she was about to get everyone else out and leave him there until she could call the sheriff, Declan stood up. “I guess I should be going,” he mumbled. “I can’t remember why I came.”
“If you think of it, why don’t you email me? I have to go out of town later tonight so I won’t be here,” Emily said, pleased she had come up with that idea. He wouldn’t come back if he thought she wasn’t here.
“Okay,” Declan went quietly, and as soon as he was in his car driving away, Emily said to Lynn, “I’m sorry, I forgot I need to make a call. I’ll look at the festival site later.” She practically pushed the woman away, thinking she’d make amends for her behavior later. “Come inside with me, Mia.”
“Where are we going?” Mia asked. “You told that man we were going out of town.”
“I didn’t mean it,” Emily said. “I have to make a few phone calls.” She called the sheriff’s office first and spent a long time on the phone with various people explaining the situation, describing Declan’s car and giving the number of the security office at the college. They promised to look into it and told her to keep her door locked and not answer it until she knew who was there. Emily felt terrible that she had been so careless, letting herself fall into the small town sense of security. She’d never forgive herself for letting Mia answer the door.
Charlotte didn’t answer the phone, though Emily left a long message, hoping Declan would be found before he hurt himself or anyone else. Mia had overheard too much, and Emily tried to come up with something that would make Mia understand why they’d have to be more careful, yet not scare the little girl too much.
At dinner, Emily said, “You know, Mia, I’ve been thinking. It might be more fun for you if we lived somewhere with more neighbors close by, maybe even an apartment again. Someplace not so rundown.”
Mia put down her fork, shock showing on her face. “We aren’t moving, are we? I never want to leave here.” Tears filled her eyes. “I thought this was going to be our place. I’m not hungry anymore.” She got up and walked out of the kitchen, the dejected slump to her shoulders making Emily feel worse than if Mia had gotten angry. Emily realized she shouldn’t have made it a topic for discussion. She’d have to come to the right decision for both of them.
That night, even though Emily made sure all the doors and windows were locked, she knew none of them were strong enough to really stop anyone who wanted to break in. Living out in the country was just too isolated. She didn’t know if she’d ever feel safe there again. By ten o’clock, she’d worked herself into such a state of nerves that she packed an overnight bag for her and Mia, led the sleepy child to the car and drove to a hotel in a neighboring town, trying not to cringe at the cost of a one night stay.
On Friday, Charlotte called before they had checked out of the hotel. “Oh Emily, that must have been so frightening,” she said. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” Emily answered, not wanting to say too much in front of Mia. “I don’t know how to find out if they located him.”
“They did,” Charlotte said. “I called the head of security at the college and he’s been in touch with the police. Declan is back in a hospital on another 24 hour hold, and his parents are coming to get him today, to take him back to California. We can all breathe a little easier.”
Emily felt a huge weight fall off her. She wouldn’t have to worry about every knock on the door or every visitor to her office. “That’s great news,” she said, almost giddy with relief. “I don’t have any classes today so I won’t be on campus, but let’s have lunch next week.”
After Emily dropped Mia off at school, she drove back to the cottage, finding herself humming along with the radio and feeling happy, until she pulled in the driveway and noticed just how rundown the place looked. The broken railing was still propped up by the steps and the garden had gone from charmingly wild to unkempt. Paint had flaked off the window frames and she could see now that some of the roof shingles were loose. As much as she loved the place, she just couldn’t let it fall down around them. Lucinda wouldn’t have wanted that. If Emily couldn’t take care of it, she decided she would have to sell it to someone who could. Mia would adapt wherever they went.
The work had kicked up on the festival site, judging from the number of people swarming over the field. Unable to concentrate on work and unwilling to immediately jump into apartment hunting, Emily decided to bake something for the workers. Even if she couldn’t give Mia a home in the cottage, she could do things to make a new place more homelike, and cookies were a good way to start. A few hours later, pleased her attempts had succeeded, she took over some passable oatmeal cookies. All the cookies got eaten, though she suspected it was more because the workers were hungry rather than that the cookies were that good.
Spectacular weather arrived the day of the festival. The mountains around Tanager blazed with orange, red, and yellow colors vibrant against the blue sky. Since Alicia told her everyone would be in elaborate costumes, Emily debated over what to wear. Knowing she had a lost a little weight, she tried on her other Renaissance dress and was delighted to find it not as tight as it had been. She’d never be thin, but as long as she didn’t do any wild dancing, the dress would work. The dress was so beautiful, it shouldn’t just hang in her closet. The deep red brocade overskirt with a contrasting underskirt of a soft silvery gray looked like something a noblewoman would wear to a Venetian ball. Emily was happy to settle for wearing it to a Halloween festival. To complete the look, she braided the front part of her hair and wrapped it around her head like a crown, leaving the back to hang loose. The square cut neckline was a tiny bit too low, but Emily thought it wouldn’t be too noticeable. Most modern costumes for women, whether they were witches or nurses or even Alice in Wonderland, were far more revealing than her dress.
The festival turned out to be a combination of an old-fashioned Halloween party and what Emily imagined a village fete in old England had been like. Almost everyone was in costume, children and adults alike. The mayor, a round, bald man of about sixty, strode around dressed as a Roman senator, while his wife made a terrific fortune teller. Emily was happy to see Alicia and Jack came together, Alicia as a pirate wench, and Jack, somewhat uncomfortably as a pirate, judging by his sheepish expression. Emily felt guilty for the jealous pang that hit her when she saw how wrapped up they were in each other.
She spent the evening walking around the fair talking with people, keeping one eye on Mia, who raced around like a whirlwind. Mia bobbed for apples, did relay races, and played every carnival game with enthusiasm. Emily nixed the pumpkin pie eating contest, but placated the little girl with a caramel apple. They went through the haunted house tent together, Mia shrieking happily. Emily tried not to constantly look for Tom. She told herself he probably wasn’t coming.
Mia’s costume attracted some attention. She had insisted she wanted to be a rainbow warrior, whatever that was, so they had put together a costume consisting of as many different colors as Mia could fit on her body. Mia had also begged Emily to paint her face like a rainbow, which Emily had done. To add to the effect, Emily braided colorful ribbons in multitudes of tiny braids through Mia’s dark hair. The warrior part consisted of a breastplate made of cardboard, painted with rainbow stripes, and held on with duct tape. Emily wasn’t sure anyone could actually name the costume, but if there had been a prize for most colorful, it would have won.
Many people came up to Emily to compliment her on her own costume, and she was glad she had chosen to wear it. As the evening wore on and Tom didn’t appear, she found herself far more disappointed than she expected. While Mia was busy playing tag with a huge group of children, Emily wandered over to the bonfire. An elderly gentleman manned it, keeping children from getting too close and adding wood when needed. A woman at a nearby table was ladling out hot mulled cider into cups, so Emily took one and brought it back to the fire.
She stood soaking up the heat from the fire and the drink, a little mesmerized by the flames, when she sensed someone behind her. It was Tom.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said. “I just got back into town.” She turned around and he whistled. “You look beautiful,” he said. “Absolutely beautiful. Next to you, I’m definitely underdressed.” He wasn’t in costume, just jeans and a flannel shirt.
Emily thought he looked terrific. “You can be a cowboy,” she said. “A dressed up one since you aren’t wearing cowboy boots.”
“I’ll be whatever you want,” he said, putting his arms around her and hugging her. “Would you like to dance?”
His closeness made her whisper, “As long as there are slow dances.” He took her cup from her and set it down, then took her hand and led her toward the music. A wooden dance floor had been built near the back of the fair, and all evening different bands had their turns. Emily had never heard such a variety of music in one night, from country to rock to jazz, but it all added to the atmosphere. By the time she and Tom took the floor, the music had turned to classic jazz.
A man with the band called out, “Come sing with us, Tom.”
Tom shook his head. “I’d much rather dance with the lady.” He pulled her close to him and she leaned against his chest as the music started. They danced one dance and then the band began to play “Dream a Little Dream of Me,” Tom sang the lyrics softly in her ear. She closed her eyes, hoping the music would go on and on.
“Emily.” A voice brought her back to the presence. Phillip stood beside them on the dance floor. “I tried calling the cottage but no one was home,” he said. “We need to talk.”




Chapter Five

“Emily may not want to talk right now,” Tom said. “She’s dancing.”
“It’s not up to you, Cavanaugh. Come on, Emily.” Phillip put his hand on her elbow.
“Phillip. Stop. Let go of me. You’re making a scene.” The other dancers were watching them. She knew Phillip. He wouldn’t go away. “Let’s move off the dance floor,” she said. She felt guilty that he had come upon them dancing, then reminded herself he had no claim on her.
As soon as they moved to a quieter spot, Tom still by her side, Phillip said, “Don’t believe everything he’s been telling you. I’m sure in his version, I’m the villain. I told you he’s had it in for me since college.”
“He didn’t tell me anything. You were the one who told me about the girl.” Emily struggled to remember her name. “Olivia, right?”
“He’s not talking about Olivia,” Tom said. “Emily doesn’t know about anything else that happened, but she should. Are you man enough to tell her?”
“Don’t you see what’s happening?” Phillip appealed to Emily, ignoring Tom. “He’s trying to get back at me for Olivia. Think about it. Did he show any interest in you before he knew about me?”
Emily didn’t answer, but it was true. Tom had been friendly enough that day at the house, nothing more. “What happened at college?” she asked.
Phillip ignored the question. “Tell me, Tom, why are you interested in Emily? You can’t expect me to believe Emily is your type. All your college girlfriends were tall, thin, blond sorority girls. Emily couldn’t be more different. You’re using her, aren’t you?”
“No, I’m not,” Tom said. “Emily is different. People change. I changed. And as for Olivia, you treated her very badly. I still regret that my breaking up with her made her run to you.”
“Wait, I’m confused,” Emily said. “Tom, I thought you didn’t like Phillip because your girlfriend broke up with you to date him.”
“Is that what he told you? I guess I shouldn’t be surprised. You were always a liar, Stanton.”
“Who’s the liar?” Phillip said, rage on his face. “Emily, ask him why he wants to go out with you. People don’t change that much. A few years ago, he wouldn’t have been caught dead with someone like you.”
Emily was stung by the implication she wasn’t good enough for Tom, even though she’d had those feelings herself.
“What about you?” Tom said. “You didn’t date anyone like Emily in college yourself. Emily told me about your parents, how great they’ve been to her. Did you father tell you he’d give you more money or something like that if you were with her? He’s always bailing you out, isn’t he? Just like he did back then.”
At Tom’s words, a terrible realization hit Emily. Phillip’s father had done his best to keep them together, welcoming Emily like she was a long lost daughter. He’d always said she was a good influence on him. Was that the only reason he’d acted as if she should be part of the family? Was Phillip’s promotion to Italy tied to Emily marrying him? And Phillip was right about one thing, at least. People don’t change that much. Emily wasn’t Tom’s type and had never been. She didn’t understand Tom’s motives, but she just couldn’t take it any longer. She wasn’t going to let herself be hurt. “Look, stop. I’m not stupid. I’m not some pawn for either of you to use in some ancient feud. You can go on arguing for as long as you want, but I’m done.”
She turned to go find Mia. “Emily, no, wait,” Tom said.
“Don’t talk to me right now.” She picked up her skirts and hurried through the crowd. Since the festival was winding down, she didn’t have trouble getting Mia to go home with her. Emily was relieved Mia’s energy hadn’t kept up with her enthusiasm. Dealing with a reluctant child was the last thing she wanted.
Once she had Mia in bed and had put on pajamas, she went back downstairs and collapsed on the couch, trying to calm down. She felt sick. What hadn’t Phillip told her about his time in college? It had to be something worse than cheating on an exam or doing something stupid at a fraternity party. She had to know. Charlotte would be the one to call. Memories were long at colleges, and at small ones, everyone knew everything, much like a small town. If there was anything to know about Phillip, Charlotte would know.
Charlotte answered, sounding half asleep and Emily realized how late it was. After apologizing for disturbing her, Emily said, “I had a question about a former student from several years ago. Did you know a Phillip Stanton?”
There was a long pause, and then Charlotte said, “We all knew Phillip Stanton. He was a complete swine then, and I suspect he still is.” Emily couldn’t believe the amount of hatred in the woman’s voice. “Why do you ask?”
Emily didn’t answer the question. She asked one of her own instead. “What did he do?”
“When he got a failing grade from a young English professor, he claimed they’d been having an affair and the grade was retaliation for him dropping her. It ruined her career at the college. She swore she’d never behaved inappropriately toward him, beyond some minor flirting, but it was his word against hers, and his father was a big donor to the school. She left in disgrace, and he graduated. Rumor has it his father’s donation is one reason the new science center got built. I’d stay away from him if I were you.”
Emily didn’t even know what to say. She mumbled something about meeting Philip at a party, and then said goodbye, promising to schedule the lunch meetup before she hung up.
Was that the reason Phillip had never wanted to come to any function at the school? Each time she’d invited him, he’d had a good excuse, but it had added up to a lot of excuses. He had always talked about how she should look for a better job somewhere else. She wondered if she had really known Phillip at all. Feeling like a fool for being taken in, Emily tried to go to bed, but found she couldn’t sleep. The rain began again, very heavy, and lightning flashed over and over, lighting up the room. The drips started from the ceiling, pinging down into the bucket. Emily lay there listening to them, thinking she’d been more than just a fool about Phillip. She was a fool for believing she could manage owning the cottage. She told herself she’d go through apartment listings in the morning. 
Knowing she wouldn’t be able to sleep, Emily went downstairs and tried to read, but couldn’t concentrate. Kiki jumped up in her lap, turned around and settled down, purring. Emily dozed a little until she heard the thundering of little feet on the stairs.
Mia flung herself toward Emily. “I hear the ghost in the tree singing again.”
Kiki jumped from Emily’s lap just in time, but Emily didn’t have a chance to close her book before Mia leaped on her, squashing the book into her ribs.
“Mia, how many times have I told you there are no such things as ghosts?” Emily pulled the book out from between them so she could breathe better.
“Listen!” Mia ordered.
Emily closed her eyes, trying to hear something. “I don’t hear anything but wind,” she said. “You’re just thinking about ghosts because Halloween is coming up. That tree is too old and too big and too close to the house anyway. It needs to be cut down before it falls down and damages the house.”
“Nooooo!” Mia squirmed off her lap and stood in front of her.
“You were just complaining about the ghost,” Emily said. “Why don’t you want the tree cut down?”
“I love that tree, and we have our tradition. We can’t cut it down.” Her voice rose to a wail.
“What tradition?” Emily couldn’t remember anything special about the tree, though it was lovely when it bloomed.
“We eat strawberry pie under it when the tree is blooming. Mom, how could you forget?”
Emily hadn’t forgotten, but she hadn’t realized a one-time event had become a tradition. In their first burst of enthusiasm for country life, Emily had decreed they should have a picnic. She’d seen a strawberry pie at the bakery, and bought it for their dessert. They had spread an old quilt in the shade of the big flowering tree, and Emily remembered each time they took a bite of the silky sweet pie, they could almost taste the flavor of the vanilla-scented white flowers dangling like paper lanterns overhead.
“There are other trees in the yard.”
“If we cut it down, where would El Diablo live?” Mia asked, sitting back down on Emily’s lap. “You said the big bunch of leaves up in the branches was his nest.”
“El Diablo can move to another state, as far as I’m concerned. He won’t have any trouble finding a new tree,” Emily said. “Remember, there are mountains full of them all around us.”
The wind had picked up outside, and now she could hear faint music. It was the strangest sound, like someone far away was playing a flute. 
“Do you hear that?” Mia demanded.
“Yes, the wind must be causing the noise.”
“No, I know it’s a ghost.” Mia was insistent. “There’s a heart carved in the wood, right above where the branches start, a heart with the initials L.J. and R. M. Maybe one of them died and their ghost stays in the tree, remembering happier times.”
“Those initials probably stand for Lucinda and her husband before they were married. His name was Robert Moore. You shouldn’t be scared of a noise, but I’m sure cutting down the tree will get rid of it.”
“Can’t we exercise the ghost or something?”
“Exercise it?” Emily had a vision of trying to hoist an exercise bike up in the tree. “I think you mean ‘exorcise’ it. Sweetie, I have no idea how to get rid of a ghost, if there were such things as ghosts. Now go back to bed. We’ll talk about it in the morning.”
Emily went back to her book, yawning. Kiki returned to her lap but disappeared again when the wind rattled the windows. The strange noises from outside increased and the rain came down hard, pellets pounding the roof, and then the room lit up for an instant, with a glow like cool fire. The crack of lightening exploded so close Emily’s skin tingled. She dropped her book and jumped up, smelling a metallic tang to the air.
Waiting for a sound from upstairs, Emily was sure Mia would cry out. After a few seconds of silence she realized the child had slept through the noise. Emily tried to see out the window, knowing the lightening had struck close by, but the darkness was complete.
In the morning, Emily went outside to inspect. As she guessed, the big tree by the house had taken the hit. On one of the main branches, a black stripe spiraled around the smooth gray bark like the stripes on a candy cane. The damaged limb curved over the roof above Mia’s window, and Emily could imagine the ruin to the roof if it fell.
Should she call Tom? Emily knew there were other arborists in town, but she felt silly avoiding him. She realized she hadn’t asked him about his job plans. If he was moving away to take a job, it wouldn’t matter if she called him. It could just be a business call.
It turned out she didn’t have to make a decision. A short time later he pulled into the driveway and got out of his truck. She came out the door and walked down the steps until she stood a few feet away from him. He looked good. She knew she looked horrible from the lack of sleep and the tension.
“Emily, I have to talk to you. I’m sorry about last night. Stanton gets under my skin. He always has, and it’s stupid of me to let him.”
“I found out what he did. It made me sick.” She told herself she wasn’t going to cry in front of Tom, even though she could feel the tears trying to form. “Why are you here? You don’t even know me. And like Phillip said, people don’t change all that much. I’m not your type.”
He took a step closer. “I know I want the chance to get to know you. Don’t let the things Stanton said poison you. He’s good at that. I bet he made you feel like he was doing you a big favor by dating him, didn’t he?”
It was true. She was just starting to see what Phillip had done to her, acting as if all her years of study and her work were just some cute little quirks, about as important as if she spent her time rearranging her closet.
 “Some people do change,” Tom insisted. “I didn’t know what I wanted when I was younger. It’s true I dated a lot of women over the years, women who were nothing like you. But that’s exactly why I never stayed with them. I don’t know why, but I picked women who bored me very quickly. It was stupid of me. You would never bore me. If anything, I’d be the one to bore you. So what do you say, why don’t we start with dinner somewhere? Maybe the Frostfire next weekend?” He smiled. “I’ll make sure Chester isn’t in residence.”
“What about the job interview? Alicia said that’s why you went out of town.”
He shook his head. “The gossip chain never stops. I did go for an interview, but I’ve decided I’m not taking the job. My life is here. And part of that life is getting to know you.”
She considered what he said for a moment, and then letting caution go, she ran into his arms and kissed him. He kissed her back, picking her up and swinging her around in the air. When he put her back down, he continued to kiss her until she heard a voice say, “Excuse me.” Mia was there beside them. “Can you stop the mushy stuff for a little while and have Tom look at our tree?”
“You can see we are a package deal,” Emily said. “Mia, we are going to have to talk about interrupting.”
“You can go back to kissing later. The tree is important.”
“What’s wrong with your tree?” Tom looked down at Mia but still kept his arms around Emily.
“It got hurt in the storm,” Mia said.
Tom gave an elaborate sigh. “A tree doctor’s work is never done. Show me.” He held out one hand for Mia, taking Emily’s hand in the other.
In the back yard, Tom seemed to forget about both of them for a moment. He walked slowly around the tree, running his hand over the bark. “I can’t believe there’s a yellowwood here,” he said. “They usually aren’t found this far north.”
The name of the tree meant nothing to Emily, but Tom sounded excited about it.
“How did it get here?” Mia asked.
“Well, from the size of it, this one here is probably a good fifty or sixty years old. Lucinda or her husband may have moved it here back when they built the house. Beautiful tree. I’ve always had a fondness for yellowwoods. My grandfather had a rifle from his grandfather, carved from a yellowwood, smooth as satin.”
“See, Mom, Mr. Cavanaugh thinks it’s a special tree. Mr. Cavanaugh, I think there’s a ghost in the tree. It sings.”
“Hmm…I’ve never met a singing tree. Let’s take a look.” El Diablo chattered as Tom went up the tree. The squirrel had retreated to the roof, running back and forth, raging at Tom.
“Calm down, you,” Tom said. “Don’t get your fur all riled up. I see your nest and I won’t bother it.” El Diablo was not appeased. He continued his tirade until Tom swung down.
“The lighting just peeled the bark off that limb,” Tom said, brushing his hands off on his jeans. “Luckily, it didn’t get to the main trunk. It might not be a bad idea to take the whole tree down, though. It would be shame, but it is very close to the house. Or, if you want to keep the tree, I could take the damaged limb off, and there are a few others I could take down, especially the ones overhanging the roof.”
Emily glanced at Mia, already knowing the look that would be on her face. She heard a skittering above her as El Diablo ran along the gutter and bounded back to the tree.
“Since it is such an old tree, you might want to think about planting another young one, even if you keep it.” Tom said, while Emily tried to figure out how to explain she wasn’t going to own the cottage long enough to need a new tree. He pointed to a spot in the yard back near the fence. “There’s a good site for another shade tree. Of course, they take a while to get big enough to provide any shade. It wouldn’t be worth it unless you are going to stay here for a time.”
“I don’t know,” she said, but I guess you’d better take the limb off.” If the cottage went on the market, potential buyers would be turned off by a damaged limb right over the roof. “Can you throw in squirrel removal too?”
Tom laughed and shook his head. They watched as he got his equipment and went up the tree. “What do you know,” they heard him say.
“What is it?” Emily called up.
“I’ll show you. Let me finish here first. Within ten minutes he was back on the ground. “Look here,” he said, motioning them over to where he had lowered the limb to the ground. “This limb wouldn’t have lived much longer anyway. It has a hole clear through it. And I found the source of your singing.” He pulled something out of his pocket. “I don’t know what this is exactly, but someone had hung it up in the tree in a big hole that goes completely through the main trunk. The wind blowing through it probably made the noise.” He held out something made of five small copper pipes attached together in a row. Each pipe was of a different length.
Emily recognized the instrument right away. “Those are pan pipes.” She took the instrument from Tom. “It’s a musical instrument that has been used since ancient times. How in the world did that get up there?” She turned it over in her hands. “It looks homemade.” Putting it to her lips, she blew through each pipe. The sounds that came from it were odd but lovely, just like the sounds from the night before.
“I wonder how this got up there. I can’t see Lucinda climbing the tree.”
“You never know,” Tom said. “People surprise you.”
Emily thought that was true, and Lucinda had always been full of surprises.
 “Can you put it back?” Mia asked. “I like the tree singing.”
“You were complaining about it last night,” Emily reminded her.
“Now that I know it’s not a ghost, I like it. It’s sort of like a magic tree now.”
A crash and the sounds of glass breaking came from inside the house.
“Uh oh,” Mia said. “Where’s El Diablo?”
The squirrel was nowhere in sight.
They found him back in the living room, scolding Kiki, whose tail was visible from under the sofa. The big dollhouse lay on the floor, all the furniture scattered everywhere, including bits of glass from broken china and vases.
Mia began to cry. “Stupid squirrel! I hate you!”
Emily wanted to rage at the animal too, but controlled herself. “Mia, help me pick things up. We can replace the broken pieces.” She hoped tiny china didn’t cost too much.
Tom picked up the dollhouse itself and set it back in its place. “At least the structure isn’t damaged,” he said, “though one of the chandeliers needs a little work.”
Emily went over to examine it. Two of the strands of crystals had come loose from the frame and were dangling down.
“I think they can just be wired back up,” Tom said. “Looks like all the strands are just wired to the center piece.”
Emily stared at the strands, something tugging at her memory. She unhooked the chandelier from the dollhouse ceiling and held it up in front of her. “I don’t believe it.”
“What don’t you believe?” Mia asked.
“This didn’t start out as a chandelier.” She unwound some fine thin wire holding the remaining loops until they too hung down. The strands sparkled in the light. How could she have missed it? “This is one of Lucinda’s diamond earrings, and I’m sure its match is the other chandelier. Look at her photograph.”
Mia ran to get the picture. Holding it up next to the earring, she said, “It is! It is! This is Lucinda’s surprise! They were right there in front of us! Wait til I tell my friends at school. Not many kids have diamond chandeliers in their dollhouses.”
Now wasn’t the time to tell Mia they had a more important use for the earrings, but a tremendous relief washed through Emily. The sale of those earrings would let Emily and Mia keep the cottage and make it a home for years and years to come. Emily realized it was what she had wanted all along. She’d just been afraid to admit it.
Tom put his arm around her. “Makes you wonder how many more surprises this cottage holds. Now, should we get this squirrel out of here?”
“Yes,” Emily said. “I guess I shouldn’t be too mad at him. We might never have found the earrings otherwise. I think we’ll drop the El Diablo name, and just call him Chester too.”
Mia wiped the tears off her face. “Wouldn’t it be great if Chester was actually a girl squirrel and had babies? Then we could have lots of squirrels!”
“No! That would be one surprise too many. Mia, get Tom the sofa cushion, and then once we get the little creature out of here, how about we invite Tom for a picnic?”
“Yes!” Mia said.
Tom smiled. “Let’s do this. I never turn down a picnic.”
Emily smiled back. She didn’t know what was going to happen between her and Tom, but at least she knew Lucinda would be pleased she’d found a home of her own.

The End

To receive emails about future releases, please click on the link below to be directed to Lia’s website. A signup link will be on the right of the screen.

http://liagarretauthor.wordpress.com/

If you enjoyed this story and would like to read another one set in Tanager Valley, you’ll find the first few pages of FROSTFIRE INN below.




Description:
Lauren Endicott is haunted by the injustice of a father sent to prison for a murder he didn’t commit. She never expected the novel she wrote about the case to become a bestseller, one in which a thinly disguised local senator was the actual murderer, and she certainly never expected to face the town’s outrage after the senator committed suicide. Most of all, she never wanted to hurt the senator’s son, Flynn Huntington, the boy she had loved from afar, the one she knew could never be hers. After the senator’s death, the town and the Huntingtons wanted her gone, and truth be told, Lauren was glad to go. She knew Flynn Huntington hated her, and that she would have to make a life for herself elsewhere.
Ten years later when Lauren is forced to come back to town for a short stay, she has no intention of confronting her past. She’s changed her name, colored her hair, and hopes no one will recognize her. To her shock, she immediately finds herself the focus of Flynn’s attention. He’s no longer a boy, and in any other circumstances she’d be dazzled by the handsome and sophisticated man he has become. He doesn’t recognize her, and is under the mistaken impression she is an employee at the local inn. Lauren finds herself right back where she was so many years before, dreaming of someone who can never be hers.
Should Lauren tell him the truth about her identity? Or should she walk away before she breaks both their hearts? A novella, approximately 30,000 words

ONE

As Lauren Delaney heard the cars pulling into the inn’s parking lot, she remembered she had to get rid of the books in each room. Copies of Death at Summersby on the bedside tables would not be appreciated by the members of the Huntington family. A thinly disguised version of the late Senator Theodore Huntington as a murderer was a guaranteed way to irritate his offspring.
Lauren ran in and out of the rooms grabbing the books in each one. Thank heavens the Frostfire Inn only had ten guest rooms and the Huntington party was just taking six, or she’d never have been able to get them all. She burst into the last room, the Cranberry Suite, just as Maggie Cooper, the inn’s unflappable maid, was placing the floral arrangement on the dressing table. “I need to get the book!” Lauren said, darting around to the small bookcase next to the four-poster, trying not to drop any copies from the stack of books she already carried.
“The book?”
“The Huntingtons are here! I just remembered Barb put a copy in each room.” Even though it had been ten years since the book’s release, Lauren had no doubt both Huntington’s sons not only remembered the book, but hated its author. Her author photo on the back of the book had been of her much younger self, but she knew just changing her hair color from red to brown and letting it grow long didn’t hide the resemblance completely, so she fully intended to stay out of sight of the brothers for the duration of their stay.
Maggie adjusted a branch of holly berries in the vase. “You’re right. Barb did put books everywhere. I didn’t even think of that. Guess it wouldn’t be a good way to welcome these particular guests.” She went over to the window and looked out. “I haven’t seen the Huntingtons in years.” Leaning in even closer, her nose touched the window. “The snow and my bad eyes are making it hard to tell which ones are the brothers.” She turned back to Lauren, shaking her head, “They were good looking as boys, but this whole bunch is one handsome lot of men. They all reek of money with those clothes and those cars. Can you tell who is who?”
Lauren joined her and peered out, hoping they wouldn’t look up. Even though snowflakes were already coating the new guests, and it had been so long since she’d seen them, she recognized both right away. Jackson Huntington had been a senior in high school the year of the murder, and he still carried that look as if he had just stepped off a sailboat, dark blond hair swept back off a thin arrogant face, tanned enough to show he got out of New England in winter regularly. She noticed he still had his trademark smirk. She pitied his bride-to-be, who would have to endure that every day. “There’s Jackson,” she said, trying to find Flynn Huntington in the confusion of men taking out ski equipment. A tall dark-haired man took a pair of skis off the rack on top of a black SUV and turned. Lauren almost gasped out loud.
If Flynn had been a good looking, though somewhat too skinny college senior then, now he was gorgeous. Time had filled out his features and broadened his shoulders. She remembered the deep green of his eyes, the few times she’d seen him up close, back when he’d come into her father’s diner on his college breaks. She’d never admitted to anyone, not even to her best friend Amy, that she’d had a crush on him. Before the murder and the book, she’d fantasized about how some day when she was grown up and sophisticated, she’d run into him in some big city, and he’d be blown away by her, asking her out to dinner then and there. Of course, he never noticed her teenaged self at the diner. She’d been just another waitress in an ugly pink uniform, trying to look older than seventeen by wearing too much makeup.
Jackson looked up at the inn and Lauren ducked back, hoping he hadn’t seen them watching. Maggie obviously didn’t care. She waved.
“Maggie!” Lauren hissed. “What are you doing?”
“Being friendly. He didn’t wave back.” She took on a disgusted expression. “That one would be more handsome if he didn’t look like he thinks he’s too special for ordinary mortals. I remember the boy and his attitude. Quite the snotty one when he’d place his order at the diner, like he couldn’t be bothered to be polite to an old broad like me. I can’t believe he’s actually running for congress. Rumor has it, he’ll run for his father’s old Senate seat as soon as he’s old enough, but to me he’ll always look like a fraternity boy.”
“Jackson’s running for Congress?” Lauren couldn’t believe it. “Why would he do such a thing? You can bet the press will bring up Missy Hine’s murder and Theodore Huntington’s suicide.” That meant Lauren’s book would be back in the news, the book that caused the investigation of Missy Hine’s death to be reopened. She felt a sick feeling at the thought of it all being brought up again.
“The murder and the suicide were a long time ago,” Maggie said. “People don’t care about it any more. But even if they did, I suspect Jackson’s a typical Huntington. If they want something, they go after it, no matter what the consequences. He even opened up his father’s old office on Main Street. With him getting married and renovating the mansion, folks suspect he’ll be around quite a bit.”
“I’m glad I’m not staying long then.” Lauren hoped no one in the press would try to track her down. She had no intention of talking about that time at all. Her family had paid too high a price.
“It’s so good to have you back though, even for a little while. We’re all hoping someday you’ll stay for good. Don’t fret about the Huntingtons.” Maggie patted Lauren’s cheek. “What’s past is past.” Going over to the dressing table, Maggie picked up a holly berry that had fallen off the arrangement of winter greenery. “That’s the last of them. I’ll turn on the fire, and then I think everything’s ready. I’m ready for home. Barb did remember to tell you in her notes that we decided to do away with turndown service and chocolate on the pillows after the she found those, um, toys, some previous guests left out?”
“Yes, she remembered. Poor Barb,” Lauren said. “I don’t know if I’d be able to look the guests in the face the next day.” When Lauren had read the manager’s notes, it had taken her a few moments to understand what Barb was really saying. She’d called them toys too and Lauren had puzzled over that until it dawned on her Barb wasn’t talking about building blocks and tiny cars.
Lauren hoped she wouldn’t have to face anything unexpectedly embarrassing while she was filling in for Barb. When the manager had called her in tears explaining about the surgery and the need for her to go stay with her daughter in Florida to recuperate, Lauren had been nearly overcome with worries, worry for Barb and worry at the prospect of taking charge, and most of all, fear at being back in Tanager.
Ever since Lauren bought the inn through a trust to hide her ownership, she’d told herself some day she’d come back and face down the townspeople who still held her responsible for driving Senator Huntington to suicide. Lauren just hadn’t planned on that day coming so soon, and now that she was back in town, she still hadn’t decided if she’d actually tell people who she was. The older staff at the inn knew, and her best friend, but no one else. She couldn’t imagine ever wanting to tell anyone else.
Maggie smoothed the duvet on the bed. “You did a good job redecorating this room,” she said. “It’s nice and romantic and your paintings make it look even better. Too bad I’m an old lady with a husband whose idea of romance is sitting next to me shouting at the refs on television. If I’m lucky, Dan will share his corn chips with me, but that’s as far as it goes.” She looked sideways at Lauren. “Seems a shame this bed will only be used by one man this weekend. It was meant for a couple. Speaking of which, don’t you have a special young man in that faraway place where you work?”
Lauren pretended she didn’t hear her. Maggie was a dear, but she seemed to think Lauren at almost thirty was fast approaching the status of never being able to find a man.
“That’s all of them,” Lauren said, getting a better hold on the stack of books. “No, wait. There’s probably a least one copy of the book down in the library. Great.” Barb had put the book everywhere, claiming guests liked the idea of reading about local scandal. Lauren had gone along with it, though she didn’t know if any guest had ever even picked up the book.
Maggie made a snorting sound. “It doesn’t matter. They’ll be too busy to read, even if any of them are readers. With the skiing and the wedding coming up, I can’t see those kind of men hanging around here reading. I imagine there will be all sorts of fancy pre-wedding doings. My friend Joy says the bride and the bride’s mother are having all sorts of luncheons and cocktail parties at the Glendower, and they keep changing their minds on the menus. It’s driving the chef crazy.”
“I guess we should be thankful we’ve only got the groom’s party. I don’t think I could deal with a demanding bride.” For once, Lauren was glad the Frostfire was considered too rustic for upscale parties. At least the skiers and the weekenders didn’t expect fawning and scraping from the staff.
Sounds of people coming up the stairs alerted Lauren that she should move. “I’ll see you later,” she said, hurrying back out in the hall and up to her own bedroom on the third floor. Once there, she dumped the books onto the narrow iron bed in the corner, thinking she should just conveniently misplace them in a trash can. Maybe Barb wouldn’t notice when she came back.
Checking her watch, Lauren realized she had to get down to the kitchen or her pies would burn. She took the back stairs, wishing she could be invisible over the next few days. Being around the Huntingtons was the last thing she needed.

TWO

Down in the kitchen, Lauren found Phyllis, the cook, chopping herbs as she prepped for dinner. “The timer went off on your pies,” she said to Lauren, “so I checked them and took them out. If they taste as good as they look, I predict we’ll be adding a new regular item to the menu. A chocolate coconut cream pie sounds too tempting to pass up.”
“Thanks!” Lauren inspected the pies, deciding to put chocolate shavings on them when they were cool enough. “I’d better get started on the apple crisp if it’s going to be done on time.” She took one of the aprons hanging near the door and tied it around her, liking the thought of another cooking project in front of her. A big bowl of apples on the counter waited to be peeled. One large pan of apple crisp should be plenty, Lauren decided, plenty for a Sunday night with only the Huntington party and the other two couples in the dining room. The restaurant wasn’t open to nonguests for dinner except on Fridays and Saturdays.
It didn’t take long to get the apple crisp was in the oven, and then Lauren did whatever task Phyllis assigned her, both of them chatting away. Mostly Phyllis chatted and Lauren listened. Lauren had never met anyone who managed to be as consistently kind and happy as Phyllis, nor anyone who seemed perfectly content with her place in life. Phyllis’s world revolved around her family and her volunteer activities in the town, and she talked all about them, making every one sound interesting.
When it was time for dinner to start, Lauren couldn’t help but sneak a look out into the dining room, hoping to get another look at Flynn. She was disappointed to see he wasn’t at the table, though it looked like most of the rest of the party was already there. Hearing the phone in the kitchen ring, she hurried back inside. It was on the same line as the front desk, since Phyllis acted both as day manager and cook. Phyllis picked it up and Lauren could hear a loud excited voice on the other end. 
Phyllis listened and the said, “I’m so sorry. We’ll take care of it right away. Don’t worry, he’s harmless, wouldn’t hurt a fly.” She hung up the phone.
“It’s Chester, isn’t it?” Lauren asked, already untying her apron. “I thought he had moved on.”
“He’s back. That was Mrs. Babcock in the Pine Suite. She says there’s a squirrel in the upstairs hallway and she’s convinced it’s rabid. According to her, he’s eyeing her with a vicious expression and looking like he’s going to attack.” She pointed at one of the cupboards. “The can of peanuts is in its usual spot.”
Lauren grabbed the can and ran up the stairs. Chester the squirrel was indeed there, sitting on his back legs in the middle of the hallway, looking around curiously, though he had been in the inn so many times already, Lauren thought he should realize there was nothing new to see. The squirrel had started sneaking into the inn the previous winter, and Jake, the handyman, could not figure out how he managed it.
Mrs. Babcock, a thin gray-haired woman, peeked out a crack in her door. “Thank goodness! I came out and saw him and thought he was going to bite my ankle! I don’t expect to see vermin inside an inn!”
“I’m so sorry,” Lauren said. “He’s actually harmless.”
“You can’t know that. It’s a wild animal. Please hurry and get rid of him. My husband and our friends are waiting for me in the dining room.”
“If you’d like to go down to dinner, I’ll stand in front of him while you go by. He won’t bother you.”
“I don’t know….”
“I’ll distract him with some peanuts.” Lauren held up the can, the peanuts rattling inside. Chester perked up.
“All right. Just a minute.” The woman closed the door and then opened it a moment later, coming out holding a pillow against her legs. She edged by Lauren slowly, as if a sudden movement would incite Chester to violence. Chester paid no attention to the woman, his bright black eyes totally focused on the can. Lauren opened it up and tossed him a peanut which the squirrel gobbled up.
When Mrs. Babcock reached the top of the stairs, she tossed the pillow at Lauren. “Please put that back in my room,” she ordered as she hurried down the stairs, looking over her shoulder as if Chester was going to charge her.
Lauren waited until she was out of sight and then turned to Chester. “Stay there, you little varmint, while I put the pillow away.” She pulled out her key and opened the door to the Babcocks’ room, dashing in and putting the pillow back on the bed and then dashing back out, hoping Chester hadn’t decided to take a tour.
Luckily, he was still in the same place, waiting for more peanuts. They’d figured out the easiest way to dislodge him was by laying a trail down the stairs and out the front door. He’d figured out when he needed a meal, he only had to come in and wander around the inn until someone spotted him and brought out the peanut can. Lauren didn’t want to think about who was the smarter one in the situation.
She put the first peanut about three feet in front of him at the top of the stairs and then backed down it. As soon as he ran to get the peanut, she held up another, “Looks delicious, doesn’t it, you brat. But you have to come and get it,” she crooned, though she really felt like swearing at him. She set it down on a step and then backed down, getting another peanut out. “Come on. Here’s another.” He scampered down the steps, picking up each peanut on the way and waiting for her to move farther down. She put another one down and said, “Some day you are going to run out of luck and find yourself with a crazy guest who wants a souvenir squirrel trophy to hang above their mantle. They’ll capture you and stuff you. See how you like that. You won’t feel so pleased with yourself then, will you?”
Muffled laughter at the bottom of the stairs startled her. She lost her footing, falling backwards. A hand shot out and grabbed her. She found herself inches from Flynn Huntington, one of his arms around her. Lauren was so surprised she just stood there looking up into his face. All she could think of was how the years really had made him so much better looking. She didn’t move, not knowing what to say. He made sure she was firmly on her feet and then released her.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said, grinning. “I didn’t want to move because I didn’t want to disturb your animal wrangling.”
His eyes were as green as Lauren remembered. She sucked in her breath waiting for him to recognize her, but there was no reaction, no sign of disgust on his face. Continued…

About the Author
Lia Garret is the not-so-secret pen name of Dee Garretson, an author of children’s fiction and adult historical suspense
Find out more about her at http://deegarretson.com,
and read the opening pages of THE GARGOYLE IN THE SEINE below the description:



Art student Clary Ashton can’t imagine a more perfect spot to study painting than Paris in the spring of 1878, until she witnesses a body thrown into the Seine, the body of Liam Heaton, another art student whose claims to be without money or family never rang true. What Clary thinks is murder becomes much more as Liam’s secrets come to light and his identity is revealed. When Clary’s own brother falls under suspicion for Liam's death, she is desperate to clear him, but as she delves deeper into the murky underworld and the glittering salons of the city, she finds caught between two dangerous men- a political extremist days away from a royal assassination, and the young intrepid British secret agent, Reese Tretheway, who is determined to stop him.

Clary, brought up in the wilds of America, finds her skills at roasting lizards and hunting rabbits little use in seeing behind the treacherous sophistication of both Reese and of those who hold the key to Liam’s death. Reese manages to hunt revolutionaries without ever wrinkling his evening clothes or revealing his own secrets, all of which Clary finds maddening. When Clary realizes she knows too much and has become a target of the revolutionaries, she and Reese have to find a way to tolerate each other long enough to save Clary's brother and try to stop the assassination, or face the possibility of losing their own lives.


One
Very coarse red hair is a sign of propensities much too animal.
“Nature’s Revelations of Character” by Joseph Simms, 1873
PARIS, Monday, April 30, 1878
Clary’s brother told her about the gargoyle brooding deep in the Seine, the gargoyle who was the guardian of the drowned and the hopeless. She didn’t believe him, of course, but she looked every time she was at the river. She couldn’t help herself. Sam claimed the creature fell off Notre Dame during the restoration of the church, the only one lost of the hundreds of gargoyles who perched there, the gargoyles who waited and watched the mortals below them.
Now the superstitious, the old bargemen and laundresses whose lives were bound to the river, they believed the fallen creature crouched in the depths of the river, a one-horned demon with stricken eyes and grasping fingers who waited and watched for the drowned to come down.
This morning Clary only glanced at the river, the murky water smothered in mist, muted like the cloudy green of absinthe. Clary could almost imagine she caught a whiff of the licorice scent of the drink the other art students seemed to crave.
She didn’t hear the stranger approach. His breath announced him an instant before he grabbed her arm and tried to draw her close. Clary shoved away from him, dropped everything, and reached into the pocket in her boot for her knife.
“Stay away,” Clary ordered, first in English and then remembering where she was, in French, as she held the knife in front of her. It was only a small bowie knife, but she hoped the sharpened tip and the gleam of the blade would discourage him. She was not about to give up the little money she possessed to a thief.
The man stared at the knife as if he could not believe it was real, and then examined her face. “I only thought you might like a friend, girl,” he said in French. It took her a moment to decipher his French, spoken with both a strange accent and a jaw that had been pushed sideways at some point in his life. “I have a bit of business to take care of and then I will have more of this,” he continued, holding up a franc.
She wondered what kind of business an unshaven man in much mended clothes could have.
“I think we could have a nice time,” he added, waving the franc, “and I promise you won’t need your little knife. How much?”
“No,” Clary replied, waving her knife back at him, deciding this was not the time for subtlety. “I don’t like you. I don’t like you at all. Go away before I decide to plunge my little knife into your stinking heart.” She thought it wouldn’t hurt to clarify her lack of interest to a man whose brain was the size of a possum. Only someone of limited intelligence would have mistaken her for a lady of the evening, or rather the morning, since it was just past six. Her clothes should have given him a clue. The plain navy blue walking dress was old, to be sure, but not overly tight, and it buttoned to her throat.
He looked her up and down one more. “Please yourself. I’ll just find someone else who will appreciate my money. Besides, you are as scrawny as plucked chicken.” He spat on the ground to confirm his insult.
“And you’re as ugly as a…as a poodle.” Her voice trailed off. She wanted to say “as ugly as a mangy cur” but didn’t know the French for either “mangy” or “cur.” The man walked away as if he hadn’t heard her, and Clary stamped her foot, furious at herself for not knowing any French curse words. She needed to find someone to teach her some as soon as possible. The man climbed up the steps to the next bridge downstream, the Pont Royal, disappearing from her view behind the stone walls that edged it.
Clary tried to go back to her study of the Pont du Carrousel. She wanted to see the bridge in the dawn light before Quillan met her to go on to the studio. Wisps of mist rose and twined around the iron spirals supporting the bridge, obscuring the riverbanks, giving the illusion the bridge led not to the Louvre, but to some other world far from this one. This was what she would capture in her painting.
“Miss Ashton, I need your help,” a raspy voice said from behind her. Clary whirled about, her knife in front of her again. “Miss Ashton, it’s just me, Liam, Liam Donovan, you remember, don’t you?”
Liam Donovan was not a man one forgot. Even though it was at least six months since Monsieur Dupay ordered Liam to leave the studio, he was an oddity among the vast assortment of art students overrunning Paris. His glorious fiery red hair and beard made him stand out in a crowd, but it was his insistence on wearing a worn black velvet smoking hat with a long silvered tassel, all the time, even out of doors, that made him memorable, if slightly ridiculous.
“Mr. Donovan, I’m sorry.” She let her hand drop. “You startled me. What are you doing here?”
“I need your help, and I hoped I would find you here.” He moved closer, thrusting a tattered red leather folio at her.
She didn’t take it. “How did you know where to find me?” she asked, bothered by his sudden appearance. Paris was too large a city to just happen upon someone, particularly on the riverbank early in the morning. Now that he was only a few feet from her, Clary was startled to see the changes in him, the changes the opium had wrought. When she knew him, Liam had been a husky man with a barrel chest, but his threadbare clothes hung on him now, and his hair under the smoking cap was matted and dull.
“I used to hear you in the studio making arrangements to meet Quillan in the Tuileries. It didn’t seem to be a secret,” he said, wincing as he spoke as if he were in pain. “I need you to look at some of my drawings.” He held out the folio again and Clary noticed the bandage.
“Your hand is bleeding,” she said, looking at the grimy scrap of linen wrapped around his right hand, blood seeping through the part covering his palm.
He looked down at it and frowned, as if just noticing it. “It’s nothing. I am getting some money in a few minutes, and then I can talk to you. Things have gone wrong, very, very wrong. I need some help and I thought you could introduce me to your uncle. I tried to explain things to your brother, but he refused to listen, and he warned me not to go near your house. He has quite a strong left hook.” Liam rubbed a blue-black shadow on his jaw. “I don’t know where else to turn. Please, Miss Ashton.”
“My uncle? My brother?” Now Clary was very confused. “How could my uncle help you?” Clary’s uncle, actually her great-uncle, Benjamin Thompson, was an elderly expatriate American who spent his days either pottering about his miniscule garden or reading in front of the fire. She didn’t see how he could help Liam with anything. And Sam? She didn’t realize Sam even knew Liam, though her brother certainly didn’t need to be formally introduced to someone to punch them.
“Your uncle can help me find the right people to see. It is a long story.” Liam was pleading now.
“How do you know my brother?” 
“I don’t have time to explain it all right now,” he said. “I’m late to meet someone. I saw the fellow go up on the bridge just a minute ago. Look at my drawings, please. I will tell you everything when I come back. There he is. Kirill!” Liam yelled toward the bridge, and Clary turned around, but didn’t see anyone. “Kirill!” Liam yelled again. “I have to go before he leaves. Please wait.”
He sounded so desperate, Clary agreed. “All right, but I won’t be here long.”
“Thank you.” Liam held out the folio to her and smiled.
Clary froze at the bizarre sight. “What’s wrong with your mouth, your teeth, Liam?” she said, not believing what she saw.
“What do you mean?”
“They, they are all golden,” she stammered. It was hard to get the words out. Every single one of Liam’s teeth glimmered as if each were brushed with gold dust. They glowed with a strange luminance as the first rays of the sun hit them. It was grotesque, like watching a man turn into a gilded statue before her eyes.
“Gold? What are you talking about? I’ve never needed any teeth capped with gold.”
“Not that kind of gold. They look like they’ve been painted.” Clary wondered if someone played a joke on Liam while he was sleeping or passed out. Her fellow art students were notorious practical jokers, and she was spared only because she was female. This was too cruel to be amusing though, far beyond any of the standard jokes of brushes dipped in glue and pinholes put in paint bladders.
Liam put his hand to his mouth, but Clary realized he couldn’t see for himself. “I don’t know. I don’t have gold teeth,” he said. “It must be a trick of the light. I have to go. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” He tried to take a step forward, but stopped and clutched at his side.
“Are you ill?” Clary asked, wondering if some strange sickness could cause his teeth to appear so extraordinary.
“No, I’m fine. I’ll be right back.” He staggered up the narrow steps leading up to the Pont Royal. Clary watched him until he reached the top and disappeared onto the bridge. The walls on the sides of the bridge were not very tall, no more than three feet, so she assumed he had gone to the downstream side where she couldn’t see him from her vantage point. Who was Liam meeting to give him money at such an odd place and time? Her would-be “friend” claimed he too was getting money, but Clary could not imagine who would be handing out francs up on the bridge.
She looked down at the folio. It was tied with twine, the clasp broken, and it was thin enough to hold only a few drawings. Even if Liam had produced a few sheets of amazing work, she didn’t think he could get back in Monsieur Dupay’s good graces. The day Liam appeared at the studio befuddled by opium, Monsieur Dupay was furious. He had made it plain Liam was not to return.
Tucking her knife under her arm, she fumbled with the fraying bits of twine, attempting to untie the knot. Her fingers refused to work, the cold biting into them. The gloves she wore were so old and thin, they only provided the illusion of fabric. It was tempting just to cut the twine with her knife, though she knew it would then be difficult to retie it.
From the corner of her eye, she caught sight of a dark shape above her. Startled, she looked up and saw a man, a red-bearded man, Liam, plunge down from the bridge, an arm trailing awkwardly behind him as he fell. His fingers curved as if beckoning her to follow. When he hit the misted water, his body cleaved the surface cleanly and disappeared beneath it.
For an instant, Clary was frozen, staring at the ripples in the water, waiting for him to reappear. The river turned dark as it flowed under the shadows of the bridge arches, and she couldn’t make out anything in the water under them. She ran toward the stairs, then back the other way looking for someone to help. There was no one. Clary turned back again and saw the black smoking hat, the tassel flapping about, tumbling down. The hat stilled her when it landed on the river. It bobbed and twisted about in the ripples of the current, appearing and disappearing in the mist, a St. Vitus dance of futility to stay afloat.
Clary ran down the bank to the edge of the river, dropped the folio and her knife and reached down to pull off her boots, wishing she wasn’t enveloped in long skirts. Glancing back up at the bridge, she saw the man with the sideways jaw leaning over the edge, looking down at the water.
“Help,” she yelled, first in English, and again catching herself, in French.
The man gave her a long look and started toward her, not running, but walking as if he hadn’t understood the urgency.
“There’s a man in the water,” she yelled at him as he turned. His pace didn’t increase, and his eyes were fixed on hers, not the river. He started down the stone steps.


Two
A man in passion ceases to be a gentleman.
“The Gentleman’s Book of Etiquette” by Cecil B. Hartley, 1874
Reese Tretheway knelt on the damp cobblestones of the alley behind the Café Guerbois, clutching his side and making fake gasping noises, trying to ignore the rat peering at him from behind a broken crate. Either the blow to Reese’s head was making him hallucinate, or this rat had been dining on full course meals, because it looked twice as large as an average Parisian rodent.
The man who had just tried to crush in Reese’s skull was standing motionless nearby, as if trying to judge exactly how to finish the job. But if Reese had learned anything in the last year, it was that fighting fair didn’t work with opponents who didn’t know the Queensbury boxing rules. He could see the man take a step forward. When the boot lashed out, Reese was ready. He grabbed the man’s ankle and pushed off from the ground at the same time. The man flew backward, his head hitting the cobblestones hard.
A voice came from a shadowed doorway, speaking in Russian-accented French. “Nice, my boy. You even fooled me. I thought we’d be paying the mourners for sure.”
Reese straightened his coat. “Did you think about lending me a hand perhaps?” Even as he asked, he knew the answer. Anatoly didn’t risk himself for anyone. Informants never did.
Anatoly just chuckled, not bothering to reply as Reese walked over to examine the man on the ground.
“He after you in particular?” Anatoly asked.
Reese knelt down and went through the attacker’s pockets. A moan came from the man, but the figure didn’t move.
“No,” Reese said. “I think it was just a random robbery attempt. I’ll need to find a police officer to notify so they can pick him up.”
“If you’ll be doing that, we’d better finish our business first.” Reese could tell from Anatoly’s voice that he didn’t have much information. There was no air of expectancy at being paid well for what he knew.
“To business then,” Reese said. “We’ve heard disturbing rumors of something major in the works involving the Russians, but we can’t pin down any more details.”
“There are some new players appearing here and there.”
“And?” Reese prompted.
“I don’t know. Just talk of people you don’t normally see in the Quarter, people who don’t belong here and aren’t here just for a bit of the underside, if you know what I mean.”
“What people?” Reese was exasperated. This didn’t even count as information.
“I don’t know. You might try the café Le Renard Noir, though. That’s where I heard it, speculation about some unfamiliar faces.”
“Unfamiliar Russians?”
“Not just Russian. That’s what was odd. English too.”
Reese went cold. They hadn’t even considered that possibility.
The clattering of a delivery cart and voices from the street reached them. The informant drew back into the shadows, holding out his hand. “I have to be going.”
Reese reached into his pocket, pulling out more coins than Anatoly deserved. “I need to know more,” he said. “You’ll be paid much better if you can bring me some names, or even some descriptions.”
Anatoly shrugged. “I’ll try.” He headed off down the alley and then turned back. “Watch yourself,” he said. “The Game is a nasty one. Your father was a good man. I would not enjoy seeing his son end up dead in a place like this. Oh, and you have a giant rat behind you. He’s looking hungry.”
continued….

The rest of the story is available as both an ebook and in paperback. Approximately 80,000 words in length with a book club reader’s guide included.



