  



He Remains Faithful
Written by:
Laurie L Gilbreath


Copyright 2014 Laurie Gilbreath

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Psalm 32
About the Author
More Books by Laurie Gilbreath
Connect with Laurie Gilbreath




“Even if we are faithless, He remains faithful, for He cannot disown Himself.”
~ II Timothy 2:13

Chapter 1
It was the fall of 2001, and Kelly was restless.  Approaching forty, she realized that her life, though blessed in many ways, had begun to feel empty.  She had a job she enjoyed, two wonderful children, and a relatively successful life.  But none of it fulfilled her anymore.  She felt as if her life had turned out differently than she had planned somehow.  Their small southern town was close-knit, and sometimes she felt as if her life had been prescribed for her.  Often she would look in the mirror and ask herself what had happened to the passionate young woman who used to look back at her.
Her husband, Mike, seemed distant.  Whether it was actually true or not, that’s how it felt.  The previous year she had lost over thirty pounds, bringing her back to her pre-baby weight.  Quite a few of her colleagues had noticed and said she looked great.  Mike had not said a word.  Kelly tried to see life from Mike’s perspective.  He had started a new business two years before, and he had to spend many hours a week getting it off the ground, which meant quite a few late evenings.  When he arrived home, he was understandably exhausted.  It made perfect sense.  However, Kelly worked too, consulting with the advertising firm for which she had worked before Sam’s birth.  The hours weren’t as long, but the work was often time consuming, and deadlines were often tight.  Then after she had done that work, the housekeeping, the cooking, and the children were there as well.  Mike tried to help her when he had the energy, but that wasn’t very often.  
In addition, their physical intimacy seemed to be fading.  They came together less and less frequently, with several months passing between each encounter.  Kelly knew that much of this was her fault.  She had begun sleeping in the guest bedroom, first because of Mike’s snoring and then because of her growing frustration with their distance.  But it wasn’t as if Mike didn’t know where to find her. Occasionally she attempted to bring them together, but Mike seemed tired or disinterested.  In short, Kelly felt as if she and Mike were doing little more than peacefully coexisting.
If that was not enough, Kelly had begun to worry about her health.  Frequently her heart raced wildly, and some nights she lay awake for hours, unable to sleep due to the incessant pounding.  Kelly had also begun to notice that she was becoming more and more moody.  She attributed most of this to lack of sleep.  She had always been mercurial and sometimes impulsive; however, it seemed as if she was more so lately.  Some days she would be cheery and effusive, some days she would be edgy and irritable, and some days it was as if a dark cloud had settled over her.  She knew that the unpredictability of her moods was part of the reason she and Mike had grown so disconnected.  Mike usually bore the brunt of her erratic behavior.  In the past she had taken antidepressants.  But they only made her agitated and even angry.  Kelly knew that was not an option for her.
Finally and perhaps most importantly, Kelly’s spiritual life was dry.  She was too busy for regular Bible study, and she often felt too overwhelmed to pray.  Because Kelly was so tired on the weekends, it wasn’t unusual for her to stay home from church on Sunday evenings or to miss altogether.  Even when she attended, Kelly never felt quite comfortable.  She knew that she had begun to compromise in small ways, but she had learned to rationalize the seemingly insignificant changes in her life.  In the past, she had listened almost exclusively to Christian music; it helped her to maintain a positive attitude.  Lately, however, her choice of music had become worldlier, even questionable at times.  She occasionally went out with friends from her old office, and she had learned to enjoy the occasional margarita.  It was no big deal.  The Bible didn’t say not to drink at all; it only said not to be drunk.  True, Kelly often felt an occasional “buzz,” but that wasn’t the same as being drunk.  Finally, since Kelly had lost the weight, she was proud of her body for the first time in years.  Her jeans became tighter, her hemlines shorter, and her necklines lower.  Her friends told her she looked ten years younger.  Sometimes she felt a whispering in her spirit, but the conviction was inconvenient, so she had begun dismissing the still small voice.
So that fall, even though her heart was troubled, her marriage was struggling, and her heart was drifting farther from God, Kelly determined to do whatever was necessary – whatever she wanted – to be happy again.
Chapter 2
Mike was troubled.  Something was wrong in his house.  When he came home from work, he could sense the tension.  Kelly seemed so angry at times.  He had dealt with her moods for years, even when they were sometimes hurtful, but things seemed to be getting worse.  Like Kelly, he noticed the distance between them getting wider and wider.  At times the distance scared him, and at those times he would try to reach out to Kelly, though often with mixed results.
Other times, however, he had to admit that the distance had, in many ways, become a buffer zone for him.  Though he knew somewhere inside that his reluctance to be near Kelly was aggravating her hurt and anger, he couldn’t dismiss the hurt she had caused him.  Kelly sometimes had a hard time managing her temper, and Mike felt her stinging remarks long after she made them.  Kelly definitely had a gift with words, especially in the midst of an argument.  Even though the most obvious distance had manifested itself over the past two years, he could trace their problems as far back as Sam’s birth.
After Sam was born, Kelly had a severe bout with postpartum depression.  She was often withdrawn, sleeping or crying.  But more and more often, she had become irritable and angry, and most of her anger had been directed at Mike.  He had felt for her during those times, and she always felt terrible after a tirade.  But she seemed to be unable to change the pattern.  To make matters worse, they had both felt uncomfortable getting Kelly help.  At that time they were attending a church that had very little tolerance for personal weakness.  There was no doubt in either of their minds that if the church found out that Kelly was struggling with depression or – even worse- that she had begun taking medication, there would be stern rebuke.  So they limped along, becoming more and more entangled in a pattern of pain.  The more abrasive Kelly became during that time, the less motivated Mike became to try to work out their problems.
In an attempt to help Kelly feel less overwhelmed, they had decided that she should stop working full time at the advertising agency and instead work as a consultant on specific projects, doing much of her work from home.  This lessened her load but also put a financial strain on them.  Kelly continued living as they had always lived, however, often spending more than they had and becoming defensive when Mike questioned her about it.  She defended her spending, saying she needed something to make her feel good when Mike felt so absent from her life.  Later, she would realize how destructive her behavior was, but often by then the financial damage had already been done.
So, in the fall of 2001, even though Mike was concerned about their marriage and he wanted to reach out to Kelly to bridge the gap, he couldn’t forget all the years of anger.  So he retreated into his own brand of resentment, a resentment borne out of years of feeling the weight of Kelly’s moods and his own struggles to be what she needed.  Mike had decided, however, that whatever problem they were having, he could at least take on the role of being a good provider and he could try to be the best father possible to their children.  Not knowing what else to do for his household, he spent many hours building up the success of his business and many evenings playing with the boys or taking them to ballgames.  He was certain that when things were more settled that there would be time for he and Kelly to repair all of the years of hurt and neglect.  He just needed a little more time to heal and to focus.
In the end, each of them began traveling divergent paths, not knowing what the other was thinking and not willing to find out.  Their marriage was in trouble, but neither of them knew how to bridge the distance without risking their hearts, and neither of them was willing to take that risk.

Chapter 3

“Hey, anybody here?  I’m home.”  Mike’s voice echoed through the house.  He walked through the playroom and looked out the window.  Mikey and Sam were in the backyard kicking a soccer ball back and forth.  When he reached the bedroom, he found Kelly sitting on the floor reading a book.  Three baskets of laundry were on the floor, and several stacks of clothing were spread out on the bed.
“Hey,” Mike said.  “Have a good day?”
“Pretty good,” Kelly answered, not looking up from her book.  “I got sort of sided-tracked with a few things, so I picked up pizza.”
Mike surveyed the clothing on the bed.  “So, are we going to be able to sleep on the bed tonight?”
Kelly looked up abruptly.  Mike’s tone had been teasing, but Kelly was sure she saw frustration in his expression.  She stood up and turned her attention back to her book.  “I don’t know,” Kelly replied sarcastically.  “Would you like to put them up, since I washed, dried, and folded them?”  She left the room before Mike could reply.
Mike stood in the bedroom for a moment, bewildered, and then he removed his tie and walked into the kitchen.
“Did I upset you?” he asked.  “I was just kidding.”
“Uh huh,” Kelly shrugged as she placed two slices of pizza on a paper plate.  “Here’s your pizza.”
Mike looked at her for a moment, and then he sighed and went into the den.  Kelly turned back to the sink.  She saw the dirty dishes and a pang of guilt shot through her.  She had let the housework slide lately, and she felt badly about that.  But her guilt was quickly replaced with irritation over the way Mike had walked into the den and sat down on the couch, feeling no obligation to help her.  If Mike wasn’t going to help, what right did he have to complain?  Weren’t they supposed to be a team?
Kelly spent most of the evening working on the computer; she had been consulting on a minor project.  At about 8:00, she ushered the boys toward the bathrooms for their showers.  Then Kelly walked back to the bedroom to put on her pajamas.  When she walked into the room, she noticed that the clothes were no longer on the bed.  Mike had put them away.  Kelly’s eyes stung for a moment.  Things weren’t that bad, really.  They were just both busy.  Something stirred inside Kelly, and she put aside the shorts and t-shirt she was going to wear, choosing instead a silky blue gown.  She brushed her hair, washed her face, and brushed her teeth.
After Kelly had put the boys to bed, she brushed her teeth again just to make sure her breath smelled minty.  She sat down beside Mike on the couch.  “Thanks for putting up the clothes.”
“No problem,” Mike replied.  “I know you have a lot to do too.”
They sat watching television until about 9:30.  The Kelly moved closer to Mike.  She gave him a lingering kiss.  “I’m going to the bedroom now,” she whispered.
Kelly smiled as she climbed under the covers.  It had been so long since she and Mike had shared this type of intimacy.  As Kelly lay there, her desire to be with him grew.  This was sure to be a salve for the distance between them.  
Several minutes passed.  Kelly decided to turn on the television.  Mike was bound to come in soon and close the door.  It always took him a few minutes to turn off all the lights and lock the doors.  Eventually, however, the sitcom Kelly had been watching ended.  She looked at the clock.  It read 10:00.  Kelly took several deep breaths.  She went to the bathroom and brushed her hair.  Then she lay back down and watched the clock some more.  10:05, 10:08, 10:15.  A knot formed in Kelly’s chest as she realized that Mike wasn’t coming to the bedroom.  She got out of bed, took off the gown, and put on the shorts and t-shirt.  At some point, she finally dozed off.
Sometime later, Mike did come into the room.  Kelly stirred and held her breath, her back to Mike as he climbed into the bed.  After a few minutes his breathing became deep and regular, and he started to snore.  Kelly carefully got out of bed, grabbed her pillow, and went to the guest room to sleep.
Tossing and turning, Kelly felt disappointment wash over her.  When she did sleep, she woke up several times from the troubling dreams that had taken up residence in her mind. They always had the same theme, and they always left her breathless.  Then her cheeks would color as she lay there wondering if she should feel guilty.  But they were just dreams, after all.  No one could control their dreams.  Besides, the real world wasn’t cooperating.  A pleasant dream never hurt anyone.

Chapter 4

“Kids, time to get up,” Kelly called as she walked down the hall toward their bedroom.  “No sleepyheads.  It’s time to get ready for school.”
She shook the mound of covers under which eight-year-old Mikey slept.  “Come on buddy, let’s move it.  Your clothes are at the foot of the bed.”  The mound didn’t move.  Kelly reached under the bed and found a rib to tickle.
“Yikes, mom!  I’m awake,” a muffled voice protested.  He poked his head out from under the covers, his red hair sticking straight up, and grinned at her.
“You too Sam.”  Kelly moved toward his bed.  “Get up sweetie.”
Sam whimpered and curled up more tightly.
“What’s wrong, baby?”
“My ear hurts, Mommy,” Sam replied, beginning to cry in earnest.  Kelly felt his forehead.  It was hot to the touch; he definitely had a fever.  She closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose.  It wasn’t a good time for her to miss school; she and the drama teacher had a meeting with the principal.
“Mike, could you come into the boys’ room for a minute?”
“What’s up?”  Mike appeared at the door still in his pajamas.
“Sam has a fever, and he says his ear hurts.  Could you stay home with him?  I’ll give you the pediatrician’s number so you can call as soon as they open.”
Mike felt Sam’s forehead and frowned.  “This really is a bad day for me.  It’s near the end of the month, and that means invoices.”
“Please, Mike,” Kelly pleaded.  “Bob has asked me to come in for a meeting today.  They really bent over backward to let me work at home, and I need to be there when they need me if at all possible.  Besides, don’t mark and Jim do most of the invoice work anyway?”
Mike sighed in frustration.  “But ultimately I’m the boss.  I like to be there at invoice time.”
Kelly gave him a harsh look.  “Well of course, since my job isn’t important –“
Mike help up his hands in mock surrender.  “Fine, I’ll stay home.  Where exactly is the pediatrician’s office?”
Kelly smiled derisively.  “It’s on Woodward, in the medical building complex, building four.”  She left the room and finished getting ready for work.  Mike didn’t even know where the pediatrician’s office was.  It seemed to Kelly a symbol of how uninvolved he was in their lives.  She knew it was unfair, but she didn’t care.  It was easier to nurse her resentment.  As Kelly applied her makeup, her stomach continued to churn with anger.  Why did Mike try to make her feel guilty for asking him to stay home with his own children?  He was, after all, their father.  She almost always stayed home when they were sick, resulting in the loss of quite a few sick days over the years.
Kelly grabbed a light frozen dinner out of the fridge, wrote down the doctor’s number, and headed for the door.  “Here’s the number,” she said, passing Mike the post-it.  “If Sam needs medicine, I usually go to CVS.”
“Thanks,” he said.  “Have a good day.”
As Kelly pulled out of the driveway, she tried to clear her mind.  What was happening to her?  She felt overwhelmed, alone, and invisible.  Did Mike love her anymore, want her anymore?  She shook her head.  Music.  That would distract her and cheer her up a little.  She placed the CD of one of her new favorites in the player and turned up the volume:
“I lie away and dream about your body next to mine.
I want to get inside your skin, and baby it’s way past time.”
Kelly tapped the steering wheel while she sang along, relating to the lyrics.  She remembered what a couple of her colleagues had said, that when women hit their late thirties, their need for physical intimacy seemed to increase.  It had something to do with hormone levels.  Maybe that explained part of Kelly’s growing frustration.  She narrowed her eyes and shook her head.  Most men would be thrilled to have a wife who was so interested in being with him.  Why wasn’t Mike?  Maybe he just didn’t feel anything for her anymore.
As Kelly turned in to the parking deck beside the agency, she shook her head.  Her mind needed to clear for this meeting.  Bob rarely asked her to come in for an entire day, and she didn’t want anything to distract her.
Kelly greeted the receptionist and walked down the hall to Bob’s office.  On her way, Andrew waved from his office and called, “Well, Mrs. Bowling, long time no see.  What are you doing here?”
She and Andrew had worked on several projects while Kelly was working full time.  Since she had been consulting, she dealt with Andrew a lot.  He was often the one to whom she emailed reports or ideas.  They had developed a good rapport and a friendship over the years.
“Bob called me in to discuss a project.  I’m not sure what it is.”  Kelly replied.
“Well, it’s good to see you again.  By the way, Kelly, nice dress,” Andrew said.  Then he held up a hand in mock panic.  “Oops!  Hope that doesn’t qualify as harassment.”
Kelly laughed.  “I think it qualifies as a compliment.  Thanks.”
Stepping back in her old office felt like coming home.  Bob had told her she could keep it for when she came in, “And for when you finally give me a break and decide to come back full time!”  He would joke.  She had a good working relationship with her boss, and he appreciated what she brought to the agency
Bob’s secretary stuck her head in the door of Kelly’s office.  “Bob wanted to check and see if you were here yet.  He says he’s ready whenever you are.”
Kelly grabbed a legal pad and pen and headed down the hall.  Bob’s office was, of course, the biggest in the building with a stunning view of the square.  He had a huge desk, a mahogany bookcase, and extravagantly comfortable chairs.  Kelly sat down and greeted him.  “So, what is it that you brought me in here for today?  You know, I could have been working in my pajamas today,” she joked.
“Yes, well, sorry to get you out of your jammies, but I need a big favor.”  Bob said.
“What kind of favor?”
“Well, one of the businesses we worked with a couple of years ago is completely revamping their advertising and PR.  You did their campaign then.  You remember the Once Upon a Time chain?”
Kelly nodded.  It had been her favorite project, a chain of bookstores dedicated exclusively to children’s books.  She had worked closely with the owner, and they had come up with a brilliant plan.  “So what’s up with them?” she asked.
“Well, the owner wants to branch out and create a publishing company.  They are also expanding and going on the web.  They want to, in a sense, reinvent themselves, and they asked for you specifically.  Janice all but said that if I wanted their business I had better get you on the project.”
Kelly was flattered and very excited about the offer.  “Of course, I would love to do it.  I loved working with Janice, and you know how I feel about children’s books.”
“Before you say yes, you should know that it would involve coming to the office a lot more.  You’ll have to work with a couple of our other agents, and we’ll need you here for meetings. Do you think you could do that?”
Kelly thought for a moment.  Going into the office would most likely mean after school care for the boys.  However, working on such a big project would bring in a bigger paycheck than she had had in years.  That would certainly help with their finances.  She wondered if she should discuss it with Mike first.  But she really wanted to do it.  So she said emphatically, “I don’t have to think about it.  I want it.”
“Great!”  Bob stood up and came around his desk.  “I’m glad you’ll be around more.  And my wife will be thrilled.”  Kelly and Trish, bob’s wife, had always gotten along very well, often going to lunch and out shopping together.  Since she had begun working at home and taking care of the boys, however, Kelly hadn’t had much time for friendships.
As Kelly headed back to her office, she met Andrew in the hall.  “So, “he said, “Did Bob convince you?”
“Why is it nothing ever stays quiet around this office?” Kelly joked.
“This office is worse than a small town.  You know that,” Andrew laughed.  “So, are you coming back?”
“At least for a while,” Kelly replied.  “I have to admit, the thought of getting back here and working more is kind of exciting.  Sometimes being at home drives me crazy.”
“Well, “Andrew said.  “Glad you’re back.  We’ve all missed having you around.”
Kelly spent the day chatting with the colleagues that came by her office to say hello, and in between chats, she talked with Janice and set up a meeting for the following Monday.  She also looked over the old campaign plans to see if there was anything they could build on for the new one.  Before she knew it, it was nearly 5:00.  She was amazed at how quickly the day had passed and at how energized she felt from the day’s work.  She climbed into her car and turned the CD player back on.
“You don’t know I want you so,
I don’t wanna take it slow.
Baby what you do to me
Why can’t you set me free?
I want your love…”
She turned off the engine and jumped out of the car.  Bounding up the front steps, she was still smiling.  She couldn’t wait to tell Mike about the project.
“How are my guys?” She called as she closed the door behind her.
“Sam’s asleep, and Mikey is finishing his homework,” Mike replied.
“Great.  Thanks for staying home today with Sam. What did the pediatrician say about him?”
“Ear infection.  They gave him a shot and some antibiotics.”
Kelly plopped onto the couch, kicked off her shoes, and sighed a happy sigh.
“You sure are in a good mood,” Mike commented.  “I guess that means your meeting with the Bob was okay.”
“Better than okay.  The bookstore chain I worked with a few years ago, Once Upon a Time, is adding a publishing arm to their company and going online.  Janice wants me for their new advertising and PR.”
“Wow,” Mike said.  “No wonder you are in such a good mood.  That’s great, Kelly.”
“The only thing is…I will have to spend more time at the office to do it.  That means we might have to put out some money for child care after school.”
Mike paused and furrowed his brow.  “I can see you really want to do this, but childcare is going to be tough.  Your consulting doesn’t bring in all that much, and my business is still technically getting off the ground.”
Kelly knew he would say that, so she had left the salary she would receive until afterward.  “Did I mention how much I am going to get paid for working on this account?”  She told him the amount, and his eyebrows rose as he took a deep breath and blew it out in a whistle.
“In that case, don’t worry about paying for child care.  Go for it.”
Kelly was so excited; she squealed and threw her arms around Mike, giving him a kiss on the cheek.
“Oh, and Kelly, I’m sorry about last night.  I just have had so much on me lately.”
Kelly’s smile faded just a little, but then she rallied.  “Don’t worry about it.  I guess I need to start cooking supper.”
That night, Kelly went into the guest room to work.  Mike had the television on in their room and was working on the laptop.  Kelly didn’t want to be distracted.  Besides, her ego was still slightly bruised from the evening before.  An hour and a page full of ideas later, Kelly turned off the light and settled into bed.  As she was drifting into sleep, she heard a soft knock at the door.
“I thought you were coming to our bed,” Mike whispered as he entered the room and closed the door.
“You were watching television, and I needed some quiet to think.”
“Well, I’m done working now.”  He climbed into bed behind her and began stroking her hair.
“Are the kids asleep?” Kelly whispered, her heart beginning to flutter.
“Yes, sound asleep.  I checked.”  He began to move his hands up and down along her body.  Then, he propped himself up on one elbow so that his face was above hers.  He touched his lips to hers, lightly at first, and then more deeply.  At first, Kelly had mixed emotions, but as his lips parted and his hand ran along her shoulder, she felt her body respond.  She wrapped her arms around him and tugged at him, wanting his body to cover hers.
When it was over, they lay entangled in each other’s arms for a few minutes.  Mike kissed her on the cheek and whispered, “Sleep well.”  Then he went into the den, and Kelly could hear the television.  She turned onto her left side, hugged the extra pillow, and fell asleep.
On Monday morning, Kelly showered early and pressed one of her suits to wear to her meeting with Janice.  Kelly had already begun a loose framework for their meeting with fresh ideas.  She had also decided to call in a friend she had, Caroline, who was an agent for several writers.  She hoped that Caroline could give them some perspective on the publishing aspect of the business’ expansion.  After dropping the boys off at school, she drove to the office, enthusiastic about seeing Janice and getting to work.  She arrived, walked to her office, and began clearing the conference table and setting up the ideas she had.  She heard a knock and looked up.
“There’s my partner in crime,” Janice exclaimed.  She hugged Kelly and said, “You don’t know how much I appreciate this.  Of course, I practically threaten Bob with the loss of business if he didn’t get you here,” Janice laughed.
Kelly laughed and asked Janice to sit.  They looked over Kelly’s notes, sipping coffee and going over each idea with a fine-toothed comb.  Janice finally sat back and said, “And that’s why I threatened Bob.”
Kelly was flattered, and she had to admit she felt better than she had in a while, doing something productive and doing it well.  Coming back for a few weeks was going to be good for her.  After a few more minutes of small talk, Janice told her goodbye, and Kelly went to her computer to make notes and check email.
“Hey Kelly.  Come by when you get a chance.  Glad you’re back.  Andrew.”
Before Kelly left to go to lunch, she knocked on Andrew’s door and stepped into his office.  “Hey, Andrew.”
Andrew held up a finger and smiled; he was on the phone.  After a moment he hung up and turned his chair toward Kelly.  “I hear you’re back full time.”
“Well, for a few weeks, anyway.  I’m pretty excited about it.”
“Aw, this stuff is in your blood Kelly,” Andrew teased.  “I predict that you’ll stay after the bookstore account is done.  You’ve missed being here.”
“That I have, but I’ll have to decide about something permanent later.  It will depend on the kids and Mike.  Of course, full time pay is a lot better than consulting pay!”  Kelly said.
“Well, let’s hope everyone can persuade you.”
“Thanks, by the way, Megan mentioned that you had a new “lady” in your life?”
“Oh, yeah.  Her name’s Regina.  She a sweet Christian girl and she's totally gorgeous.  We’ve been going out about a month.”
“Gorgeous, huh,” Kelly rolled her eyes.  “You know, this fixation you men have on gorgeous doesn’t leave much room for us middle-agers,” Kelly teased.
“Kelly Bowling, you don’t have to worry about that,” Andrew said.  Then he stood up.  “Well, I’ve got a lunch meeting.  I should get going.  See you later.”  And with that, they went their separate ways.

 Chapter 5
Friday was a banner day for Kelly.  She had come up with an idea for the new advertising that was child-centered but still emphasized Once Upon a Time’s expansion and publishing company.  She was scheduled to give her presentation the following Wednesday, and she knew it would be a success.  Janice had been please so far with everything Kelly had proposed, and Trish had been an invaluable recourse for the publishing end of things.  The satisfaction of doing something well filled Kelly with pride, and for the first time in a while, she felt confident about what she did.
At lunch, Kelly, Andrew, Megan, and Kent gathered at the firm’s cafeteria.  They joked about the business and compared notes on projects.  Kelly gave them family updates, saying she couldn’t believe that both her boys were in school now.  They broke up their lunch with promises of getting together for a drink after work.
Kelly called Mike when she got back to her office.  “Hey, Mike, how are you?”
“It’s busy here, but we’re doing fine.  I’m about to eat lunch.  What’s up?”
“Well, several of the agents are going out for a little while after work.  Do you think you could pick up the kids?”
“I don’t know.  Do you have anything planned for supper?”
“I have a casserole that’s ready to put in the oven.  Or maybe you all could pick something up?  The phone numbers for some take-out and delivery places are on the refrigerator.”
“How long do you think you’ll be out?  Will you be here before the kids go to bed?”
“I should be, “Kelly replied, growing a little irritated.  “If not, the boys know how to shower and get ready for bed.”
“Well, I guess that would be fine.  Just try not to be late,” Mike said reluctantly.
Kelly narrowed her eyes and shook her head.  It wasn’t an unreasonable request, wanting to spend some time with coworkers.  After all, when Mike had to work late or had dinners, it was a given that she would be at home with the kids.  She shook off her frustration, however, and concentrated on getting to a stopping place in her work in time to go out with her colleagues.
At 5:00, Kelly locked her office and headed down to the lobby.  Megan, Andrew, and Kent were already there.  “Hey, guys,” Kelly said.  “Where are we going?”
“Lambert’s of course,” Megan said.  “Not much has changed since you were here.”
“Yeah,” Kelly laughed, “I guess Lambert’s will always be the official blowing-off-some-steam place for us.”
For a several hours, they traded stories and laughed.  Kelly was relaxed, happy to be back in the real world.  Megan kept them laughing out loud with the latest Grant story.  Grant was her boyfriend of three years.  They had no real plans to get married, but they were together constantly.  Grant was always the life of the party when he joined them, and he and Megan were a perfect match.  When questioned about when they were going to tie the knot, Megan would wave a dismissive hand and say, “We’re too young to get married!”
Kelly lost track of time, and when she looked at her watch and saw that it was 9:30, she quickly stood up and said, “Oh my goodness, I had no idea I had been here this long.  I have got to go home and make sure the boys are in bed.  Thanks, guys, see you on Monday.”
When Kelly got home, Mike was sitting on the couch reading the paper.  He looked up and said hello, but Kelly could tell he was irritated.  “Have a good time?” he asked.
“Yeah, sorry I’m so late.  We just got so into talking I didn’t even look at my watch.”
“Mikey and Sam are in bed, but I couldn’t get either of them to take a shower.  I hope one day won’t matter much?”
“Did they play outside a lot?” Kelly asked.
“Pretty much all afternoon.  Then we went to McDonald’s and the ice cream place.  They’ve been in bed about an hour.”
Kelly was slightly annoyed.  When the boys spent the afternoon outside, they always needed a shower.  But she didn’t bring it up.  Mike hated it when she asked him to do something and then criticized the way he did it.  One day without a bath wouldn’t kill them.  They were boys.
That night, Kelly’s dreams came back with a vengeance.  They looped and repeated, and Kelly woke up in a cold sweat.  She got up, went to the bathroom, and splashed water on her face.  Her pajamas were clinging to her, so she removed them and threw them in the hamper.  She studied herself in the mirror.  She felt so much better looking in a mirror than she had a year ago.  She ran her hands along her arms.  Memories of the dream she had just had made goose bumps pop out along her arms.  Then she heard a noise behind her.
“Are you okay?” Mike asked.  “I heard you get up.”
“I’m okay.  Just had a weird dream”
“What about?”
“I can’t really remember,” Kelly lied.  “I just knew it was strange.”
“Why are you undressed?”
“I was sweating, and my pajamas were wet.”  They stood in silence for a moment.  “Mike, can I ask you something?”
“Sure,” Mike leaned against the sink.
“I’ve lost a lot of weight over the past year.  I’ve been running.  I know I look different.  Have you noticed?”
“Of course I’ve noticed.”
“Then why haven’t you said anything?”
Mike looked off to the side, and then at the floor.  “Kelly, you’ve always been pretty. And now, you look so good.  I don’t think I’ve exactly aged as well as you.  It makes me a little insecure.”
Kelly reached out and touched his hand.  “There’s nothing wrong with the way you’ve aged.”
Mike sighed.  “I appreciate that, Kelly.  But it really isn’t about what you feel about me; it’s about what I feel about myself.” He smiled sadly and kissed her forehead.  “I’m going back to bed.”
Kelly fished some clean pajamas out of the dryer.  She sat on the couch and considered what Mike had said.  On one hand, she felt for Mike.  She didn’t want him to feel insecure.  But she also got angry.  Mike was busy worrying about himself; he was too selfish to give her encouragement.  Again, Kelly felt that things just weren’t the way they should be.  Part of that was her fault.  But as she got more and more frustrated, she found it easier to shift most of the blame to Mike.  She didn’t know what was wrong, and she didn’t know how to fix it.
“Focus, Kelly,” she told herself.  “You need to sleep so you can work tomorrow.”   As Kelly drifted off to sleep, she thought once more about her marriage.  “God, please help us.  I really don’t know what to do,” she breathed a sleepy prayer.


Chapter 6

On Saturday morning, Mike woke up and took a shower to wake himself up.  He hadn’t slept that well.  Kelly’s question haunted him.  It was obvious that his lack of comment about her appearance had hurt her.  He did think she was beautiful.  But he was also insecure.  He could see his love handles, the increasing gray, and the lines from stress.  She was three years younger than he was.  But now, after her transformation, she could have been ten.  He also knew that his distance bothered her.  But he was so tired from the long hours his business required.  It had been a slow starter, and Kelly had had to bear the main burden of supporting them while they waited for it to get off the ground.  She encouraged him to follow his dream, and she was happy that things were going well.  But as a part time consultant, she couldn’t possibly understand how all-consuming a business could be.  Yes, Mike knew that she had worked hard, especially the past several weeks.  But it just wasn’t the same.  Not less important, just not the same.
Other things also bothered Mike.  Kelly seemed to have plenty of time for other pursuits – reading, working on projects, lunches and dinners.  But how many times over the past year had he had to fish through a pile of clothes to wear a pair of pants or a pair of socks a second time?  And sometimes, when his days were particularly long and stressful, he longed to walk into a house without laundry baskets in the den and dishes in the sink.  He tried to help, but the fact was Kelly spent a lot more time home than he did.  It was hard to hide his frustration at times. He loved Kelly, and he was sure she knew that.  They were just both busy.  There would be time, after his business really was self-propelling, for them to reconnect and be better than ever.  And a few dirty dishes wouldn’t get in the way of that when the time came.
Mike was pouring himself a cup of coffee when Kelly walked into the kitchen.  The kids were already dressed, sitting in the den to watch a cartoon.  Kelly stretched and yawned.  Her hair was tousled, and when she stretched, her shorts and t-shirt separated and showed her stomach.  Mike’s throat caught at the sight of her.  How could he not have told her how beautiful she was?  He knew his expression was not too far from that of a teenager looking at his first crush.  However, Kelly walked through the kitchen without looking at him, so she didn’t see it.
“How are my boys this morning?” Kelly asked.  They both nodded and smiled, never taking their eyes off the screen. 
Kelly kissed them both and went back to the bedroom.  She pulled her hair back in a ponytail and put on some shorts and a t-shirt.  She told Mike she was going for a run.  While she was out, she thought about the previous week.  It had been exhilarating.  Andrew was probably right.  She was getting hooked again.  Of course, she wasn’t sure how Mike would feel about her going back full time, but after she received her pay and bonus for this account, she had a feeling he wouldn’t put up much of a fight.  They needed the increase in money to make things less strained.
“Have a good run?”  Mike asked when Kelly walked into the kitchen
“Great,” Kelly answered, opening the refrigerator and grabbing a bottle of water.
“I have to go into the office for a while.  Is that okay?  I’ll probably need to be there until about 2:00.  I’ll take care of my own lunch.”
“That’s fine.  Can you wait until I shower?”
“Sure,” Mike said.    He went into the den and started flipping through channels.
Kelly spent much of that day preparing for Wednesday’s presentation.  She knew, however, that Mike would expect to see a difference in the house when he got home.  Kelly did a couple of loads of laundry and cleaned the kitchen.  She was about to start on the bathrooms when Mike called.
“Hey, Kelly, I’m at Clay’s Auto and Tire.  There’s something seriously wrong with the transmission.  Can you come and get me?”
“Yeah.  Just let me get the boys ready, and we’ll be there in a few minutes.”
As they drove away from the auto shop, Mike turned to Kelly.  “They aren’t open on Sundays, and they’re about to close for the day.  So that means I need to take your car to work Monday.”
“I have to go in too, Mike,” Kelly said.  “How am I supposed to get to work, and how will the boys get to school?”
“I’ll take the boys,” Mike said.  “Can’t you get someone to give you a ride to the office?”
“I guess so,” Kelly said, slightly irritated.

Chapter 7
On Sunday the family went to Bible Study and church together.  Kelly and Mike hadn’t been to Bible study in a while, and their friends in class were glad to see them.  The lesson that morning was about faithfulness.  It centered on God’s faithfulness and the faithfulness he desired from his children.  Often, during lessons like these, Kelly thought about her own life and whether she was being faithful in her walk with God.  She knew that she hadn’t been as faithful to church or in her Personal time with God.  Honestly, it had been months since she had opened her Bible.  But as she sat there, she dismissed those thoughts.  She was busy.  Besides, she had asked God to change Mike, and it hadn’t happened.  If God really cared about their marriage and her happiness, why were things so difficult?  A voice from somewhere deep inside her pricked her heart, telling her that the key was to be faithful, but Kelly shook the thought away.
After church, they decided to eat lunch out.  Reyes’ Mexican Restaurant was one of their favorite places.  Mikey and Sam could eat their weight in cheese dip, and Kelly loved their salads.  The lunch was pleasant, even fun.  It was one of those moments when Kelly was able to glimpse how things could be.  During those times, Kelly allowed herself to open just a little, hoping for something different, some sign that her relationship with Mike would change somehow.  However, after lunch, the boys went outside to play, and Kelly and Mike took their places at opposite ends of the house.   They didn’t even mention going to church that night; they usually didn’t go anyway.  At around 7:00 Kelly decided to work on getting a ride to work.  Megan had a breakfast meeting, and Brenda was out of town.   Finally, Kelly dialed Andrew’s number.  He had been to her house before, for one of the company parties.
“Hey, this is Andrew,” He answered the phone.
“Hey Andrew, this is Kelly Bowling.”
“Hey!  What’s going on?”
“Well,” Kelly began, “Mike’s car has transmission problems, and he needs to take mine.  Are you planning on going into the office first thing tomorrow?”
“Sure, want me to come pick you up?”
“That would be great, thanks.  And I’ll do whatever your schedule requires, even if it means staying late or leaving early.  I don’t want to inconvenience you.”
“It’s no inconvenience.  What guy wouldn’t want to be seen with an attractive older woman?” he teased.
“Oh please,” Kelly deflected his compliment.  “Thanks for the ride.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Kelly blushed as she hung up the phone.  Andrew was ten years her junior, more likely as a little brother than anything else.  But he was always thoughtful, giving encouragements and compliments freely.  It made Kelly feel good to hear him say she was attractive.
On Monday morning, Andrew was right on time, honking his horn at 7:45.  Kelly said goodbye to the boys and Mike and headed out the door with her briefcase, her laptop, and a sack lunch.
“Thanks again for the ride, Andrew,” Kelly said, throwing her things in the back seat.
“No problem,” Andrew answered, backing out of the driveway.
Andrew had a nice sedan that he drove when he was going to meet with a client or take them out to dinner.  But his first love was a 1976 Chevy SS.  It was black with two white stripes.  Kelly pulled the seatbelt to fasten it, but it only moved a couple of inches.  She let it spring back and tried again.  Still, it only moved a few inches.
Andrew sighed.   “Sorry.  It does that sometimes.  Let me get it.”  He reached across her and pulled the strap with one hand while holding the loop with the other.  His arm touched Kelly, and when he fastened it their hands touched.  Kelly felt an unfamiliar shock of electricity, and she looked out the window, aware that she was blushing.  They drove in silence for a few minutes.
“So, “Andrew said.  “How is Mike’s business going?”
“Well, he’s still working on getting it going, but it’s showing a regular profit now, and he’s been able to hire a couple of new people.  I think it’s going to do really well.”
“That’s great, Kelly.  Going out on his own took a lot of guts.”  He looked at her.  “Have you enjoyed being at home more since Sam was born?”
Kelly looked out the window and thought for a moment.  “Well, at first it was great.  I was so overwhelmed with two small boys.  But after a while I started to feel useless, you know?  It put a financial strain on us, and staying home all day made me feel sort of trapped at times.”  She winced.  “I guess that sounds terrible.  I didn’t mean that I don’t love being with my boys.  I love them so much.  But I need another purpose, something fulfilling for me.”
Andrew smiled.  “See, I told you that you’d be back to stay.”
“I think that’s going to be Bob’s call, not mine,” Kelly laughed.
“Give me a break.  He went into mourning when you decided to work at home.  After you wow the Once Upon a Time group on Wednesday, he’ll probably get on his hands and knees and beg.”
“Yeah, right,” Kelly said, flattered.  She blushed again, which made her uncomfortable.  She shifted in her seat, crossing her other leg.  When she did, her skirt moved just enough to reveal the upper portion of her legs.  She reached down to pull it, looking at Andrew out of the corner of her eye.  He was watching her closely, but he didn’t comment.
Once they reached the office, they said a quick “see ya later” and went to their offices.  Kelly felt the pressing deadline of the presentation.  There were so many details to cover in this type of presentation.  Even though Kelly had worked with Janice and her people before, she knew that the stakes were higher this time.  They were taking a bit of a risk expanding, and the advertising would have to be just right.  Kelly made calls, worked on graphics, and prepared a PowerPoint presentation.  Before long, Megan was knocking on her door. 
“Hey, aren’t you going to break for lunch?  I’m going down the street to the sandwich shop.  Want to come?”
“Thanks, but I’m on a roll.  I brought my lunch.  Rain check.”
Kelly was getting her lunch out of the mini fridge when she heard the small bell sound indicating that she had a new email.
“Hey, I’m hungry.  Want me to give you a ride to lunch?”
Kelly was about to say no, especially since she had just turned Megan down.  But then she changed her mind.  It was fun to spend time with Andrew.  She responded, “Sure, just pick me up whenever.”
A few minutes later Andrew knocked on her door, and they headed to a little spaghetti place a few blocks away.  After they had placed their orders, Kelly took a sip of her water and asked, “So how’s it going with Regina?  You in love yet?”
Andrew took a long sip of water and looked out the window.  “Actually, we broke up last week.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Kelly said.  “That was none of my business.”
“It’s okay.  I was no big deal.  It wasn’t really working.  Regina wanted to be serious, and I’m not up for serious right now.  Plus, she was really pressuring me.”
“You mean to be serious?” Kelly asked.
Andrew’s face colored.  “Well, not exactly.  She wanted to…well, get to know me in the Biblical sense if you know what I mean.  I was really disappointed.  I mean, we’re both supposed to be Christians.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Kelly said.  “But I admire you.  Not many guys these days would turn down a pretty girl.”
“What makes you say she’s pretty?  You never saw her.”
“Andrew, I’ve worked with you for two years.  You like beautiful women,” she winked.  “Which is why I know I’m safe from your wiles.”
Andrew looked at her, puzzled.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Oh, you know,” Kelly said casually.  “I’m not putting myself down.  I’m just a realist.”
“Kelly, you’re crazy.  Don’t sell yourself short.”  He looked down, flustered.  “Don’t sue me for harassment, but I would be willing to bet that every guy in the office thinks you’re beautiful.  We men talk about things like that.”
“Oh do you,” Kelly teased, but she was a little taken aback.  Did the men in her office really sit around and comment on the looks of the women.
Andrew seemed to read her mind, and he laughed.  “Relax, Kelly.  I was just kidding…I mean, not about the attractive part, but about the men all sitting around talking about it,” he laughed uncomfortably.
Kelly decided to rescue him and change the subject.  “Well, I hope this presentation goes well on Wednesday.  Because, to be honest, I really hope Bob wants me back full time.  These past few weeks have made me feel at home again.”
They spent the rest of their lunch talking about work.  After about an hour, they each paid for their lunch and walked back to the car.  Kelly yanked on the seatbelt, expecting it to catch again, but this time it gave way and she was able to fasten it.  For just a second, she felt a twinge of disappointment.  When they reached the parking deck, Andrew turned off the car and looked at her.  “I enjoyed lunch.  But let’s keep that Regina thing and the ‘you’re beautiful’ embarrassment to ourselves.”
Andrew knocked on Kelly’s door around 6:00 and asked if she was ready to leave.  She saved her work on the computer, grabbed her briefcase, and followed him out.
“No laptop?”  Andrew asked.  “You’re famous for having that thing strapped to your hip when a presentation is looming.”
Kelly laughed.  “No, I just thought I might suggest to Mike that we all go out tonight.  We don’t get to do that very much anymore.  Life is busy.”
“Yeah,” Andrew said.  “That’s one of the reasons I’m not married yet.  It’s a big commitment to work and ‘love, honor, and cherish’ and all that stuff.  I’m not sure I’m ready to be a good husband yet.”
Kelly didn’t comment.  They rode in silence all the way to Kelly’s driveway.  “Thanks again,” Kelly said as she got out of the car.  She walked up the stairs and then turned around and waved.
Andrew waved back and pulled out of the driveway.  He looked at the passenger seat and smiled to himself.  Before he put the car into drive, he reached across and yanked the seatbelt.  It caught after about three inches again.  “Figures,” chuckled.

Chapter 8
Wednesday morning arrived, and Kelly had butterflies in her stomach.  She really felt that the presentation was good, but it had been awhile since she was the one standing at the front of the room, trying to close the deal.  She fussed over her appearance and talked to herself as she got ready.  Mike came into the bathroom to take a shower and chuckled at her.
“You seem nervous,” Mike said, smiling.  “You’re a pro at this.  No big deal, right?  You shouldn’t be nervous.”
Kelly knew Mike meant to encourage her, but she was a little annoyed.  There was every reason to be nervous; she hadn’t done this in a long time.  And if she wanted to go back to full time, she felt strongly that it had to be some of her best work.  No matter what Andrew had said about Bob mourning when she left, Bob wasn’t going to ask her to come back out of sentiment.  She felt as if she needed to prove herself again.
When Kelly got to her office she turned on her computer and opened her email. She had two messages.  “Blow them away, girl.  Remember how good you are at this.  Let me know how it goes.  Megan”  “Go get ‘em gorgeous (don’t sue me).  If you snag them, lunch is on me.  Andrew”
At 9:00, Janice and her cohorts from Once Upon a Time arrived and were ushered to the conference room.  Kelly was already there; her boards set up and the PowerPoint ready to go.  As soon as everyone sat down, she began, “Hello Janice, everyone.  We’ve worked hard, and I believe we have come up with something that will draw people to what you have always done while informing them of what you’re becoming.  Let’s get started.”
For approximately an hour, Kelly details the elements of the campaign and fielded questions from various members of the group.  They seemed very pleased with her ideas, and from the back of the room Bob gave her a thumbs-up.  At the end of the presentation, Janice stood and shook Kelly’s hand and then Bob’s.  “You’ve done it again,” Janice said to Kelly.  After a few more minutes of chatting, Janice and her crew left, and Kelly and Bob gave each other a high five.
“I knew it,” Bob said.  “I knew you’d be exactly what they wanted.  That’s why I’m such a great boss; I know my people.”
“I can’t thank you enough for this opportunity,” Kelly said.  “I had forgotten how exhilarating work could be.”
Bob eyed her for a moment.  “Well, I’m glad you feel that way, because if you could work it out, I’d like you back full time again.”
Kelly was bursting.  She wanted to say yes right away, but she knew that she should at least talk to Mike about it.  “I would love to, but I can’t answer right now.  Could I have a couple of days?”
“Of course,” said Bob.  “But after lunch could we meet?  I have another project in mind for you and a colleague.  Sort of a collaboration.  It’s a pretty big campaign, and if we get it we can really put ourselves on the map.”
“Okay, see you then,” Kelly said.
“About 1:30,” Bob replied and walked down to his office.
“Sure,” Kelly said.
As Kelly was walking by Andrew’s office, he said, “Hey, what’s the verdict?”
Kelly did her best to look serious and somber.  “Well, you win some, you lose some…”
Andrew furrowed his brown with concern, “Oh Kelly, I’m so-“
“And this time I won some,” Kelly said, laughing.  She smiled broadly.  “So you owe me lunch.”
Andrew gave her a scolding look.  “I ought to renege on the grounds of cruelty.  But I am a man of my word.  So where do you want to go?”
Kelly chose the spaghetti place they had been to before.  They chatted about Kelly’s success for a few minutes, and then Kelly sat back and said.  “And Bob wants me back full time.  In fact, I’m supposed to meet with him at 1:30 to discuss some big new account.”
“I know,” Andrew said as he swallowed a bite of lasagna.
“You do?” Kelly asked.  “How do you know?”
“Because I’ll be there too.  Bob wants us to work together on it.  It’s an account for a home improvement store.  They want to get away from the manly carpenter thing and give it a feminine twist too.  So if you take it, we’re both on it.”
“Well, that will make it even more fun,” Kelly said, smiling.  She looked at her watch.  “I guess we’d better head back.  We don’t want to be late for the meeting.”
They walked outside.  Andrew said, “If I’m going to work with you, we’ve got to get one thing straight.  I’m the man; I get to call the shots.”  He laughed and wagged his finger at her.
“Oh yeah? We’ll see about that,” Kelly laughed.  “Just for that chauvinistic comment, I get to drive your baby.”  She reached out and grabbed his keys, and then raced to the driver’s side.
Andrew put his hands on the door, on either side of Kelly, so that she couldn’t open the door.  “I like you, Kelly Bowling, but nobody drives my baby except me.”  He took the keys from her.  Then he stood that way a little longer.  Kelly looked at him for a moment, and then looked away uncomfortably.  He stepped back and let her walk to the other side of the car.
Kelly thought about their lunch on the way home.  Should she really be working on a project with Andrew?  Of course, she knew he wasn’t really flirting; there was no way he would do anything like that.  But she felt a little strange about it.  However, she couldn’t turn down a project when she had just been asked back full time.  The problem was hers, not Andrew’s.  She’d just have to control that electricity.  She was a married woman, even if things weren’t all that great.
Bob spent an hour telling Andrew and Kelly about the account.  It could be one of their biggest accounts ever if they did well.  Kelly and Andrew sat there for another half hour, batting ideas back and forth.
“See,” Bob said.  “I knew you two would work well together.  Well, let’s adjourn this meeting and get started.  We only have about six weeks to get everything done.  The CEO and a couple of other executives will be here at the beginning of December to hear a full presentation.”
“This is going to be fun,” Andrew mused, enthusiastically.  “I’ve never worked with you, but I think we’ll gel.  Our ideas already seem to running parallel with each other.”
“I’m flattered.  Excited too.  I haven’t been on board with an account this big before.  It’s like I’m getting thrown into the deep end of the pool first thing.”
“Don’t worry, Kelly.  I think you can swim,” Andrew joked.
Kelly began working, getting some thoughts down, as soon as she returned to her office.  She got on the Internet and did some research on the home improvement company to get a feel for who they were and their past advertising.  She was so engrossed that she lost track of time.  In the middle of a thought, the phone rang, making her jump to attention.
“Is this Mrs. Bowling?”
“Yes it is,” Kelly answered.
“This is the after-school care program.  Mikey and Sam have not been picked up, and it’s after 5:30.”
“Oh my gosh!” Kelly said.  “I am so sorry!  I will be there right away.  I’m leaving now,”
“What a great parent they must think I am,” Kelly muttered, frustrated with herself.  She drove quickly to the program, apologized again, and left with her boys.  She apologized to the boys too.  When she arrived home, Mike was sitting in the den, playing a game on his laptop.  “I forgot about the boys.  I can’t believe I did that.  I’m surprised though, that they didn’t call here first.”
“They did,” Mike said, not looking up.  “But I’m really wiped out.  I told them to call you at work, since you were going to have to drive home anyway.”
Kelly temper flared.  “So they were even later getting picked up because you wouldn’t get off the couch and drive minutes?”
Mike matched her tone.  “Kelly, it was only a few minutes.  And besides, you were already out, and the after-school place is on your way home.  What’s the big deal?"
“It’s just another one of those things.  You expect me to take care of everything.”
Mike rolled his eyes.  “Kelly, I do not expect you to take care of everything.  I try to do my part, but this working all the time has taken some getting used to.”
Kelly sat down beside Mike and tried to regain her composure.  “You’re right.  It’s only a few minutes.  I guess I’ve just been wired today.”
Mike patted her hand.  “No big deal.  Hey, how did it go?”
“We got it.  Bob was really pleased.”
Mike smiled.  “That’s great.  I knew you could do it.”
“There’s something else,” Kelly said, slightly nervous.  “Bob wants me back full time.  He’s already got a project for me.”
Mike sat quietly for a moment.  Kelly began to wonder if he was going to respond at all.  When he spoke, his voice was tentative.  “Are you sure you can handle all of that?  The reason you went to part time was because you were so overwhelmed.”
“That was because I had a baby and a two-year-old.  They are in school now.  It’s not the same thing.  Besides, it would mean more money.  A lot more.”
That got Mike’s attention, just as she knew it would.  “Well, can we try it for a while and see how it goes?”
Kelly frowned, thinking.  “I guess I could tell Bob that I am on for this project and then I’ll decide.  I think he’ll be okay with that for now.”
“I’d feel better about that.  Then if it’s too much, you won’t be committed.  And I know it was an accident, forgetting the boys can’t be a habit.”
“I know Mike.  I’ll take care of that.”

Chapter 9
The next morning Kelly stopped by Bob’s to tell him what she wanted to do about the job.  He told her it was fine, just as long as she was willing to put in the time on the home improvement account.  Kelly promised him that he would get her best and that she would do whatever it took to win them over, with Andrew’s help.
Andrew saw her pass his office, and he waved her in and motioned for her to sit.  “So, are you back?”
“I talked to Mike.  He wanted me to try this account and see how it went coming back full time.  Then I can decide.”
That day, Andrew and Kelly worked non-stop, ordering lunch and dinner in.  Kelly called Mike about 5:00 to let him know she would be getting home late.  The ideas flowed freely and easily between Kelly and Andrew, and before she knew it, it was 10:00.
“Oh my gosh!” Kelly exclaimed.  “I have to get home.  I can’t believe it’s so late.”
Andrew looked at his watch, surprised.  “We must have really been on a roll.  I need to get home too.”  He smiled.  “I guess Bob was right; we make a good team.”
Kelly yawned and stretched.  “Well this team member is sleepy.  See you tomorrow.”
Kelly got home and went straight to bed, where Mike was already asleep.  He didn’t stir when Kelly got into bed.  She breathed a deep sigh, thinking about all that they had accomplished that day, and then she drifted quickly into sleep.
Morning came before Kelly knew it, and she struggled to open her eyes and turn off the alarm.  She took a shower and woke the boys.  She was drinking coffee when Mike walked into the kitchen.
“You must be tired,” Mike said, kissing her on the cheek.  What time did you get in last night?”
“A little after 10:00.  I had no idea we had worked that long.  We did get a lot done though.  Hopefully I won’t be that late today.”  She rinsed out her coffee cup, called to the boys, and left for work.
“Good morning,” Andrew called to her from his office.  “Didn’t I just see you a few hours ago?”  He laughed.
Kelly walked into his office and rolled her eyes.  “Don’t remind me.  I didn’t even move after I went to bad last night.  I think I’m getting to old for those all-nighters.”
“Oh please,” Andrew rolled his eyes.  “I’ll give you a few minutes to finish waking up, and then we’ll get started again.”
“Slave driver,” Kelly scowled at Andrew and went to her office.
Their work moved as quickly that morning as it had the night before.  They discussed and sometimes disagreed, but the presentation was coming together nicely, they had to admit.  At 12:30, Mike closed his laptop and said, “I’m not ordering in today.  Let’s go somewhere for lunch and get out of this office.”
“Sounds good to me.”
They went to a Mexican place downtown and ordered lunch.  While they ate they discussed all they had accomplished that morning.  Gradually, their conversation shifted to their lives and families.  Kelly listened as Andrew talked about his family; they seemed very close.  He told her about his family’s home and his dog, Scrunchy, who was 16 years old.
“Scrunchy?”  Kelly laughed.  “Who came up with that name?”
“My little brother,” Andrew said.  “I didn’t like it, but Mom and Dad thought it was hysterical.  Before I could change it, Scrunchy was already coming when people called him.”
They talked and laughed, and before they knew it, it was 2:00.  They each paid for their lunch.  Kelly shaded her eyes from the bright sunlight as they walked outside.  “I sure hate to go back to that dismal office on a day like this.  But I guess we had better get back to work.”
“You know, I think the past couple of days, we’ve worked hard enough.  What do you think?”
“You thinking of going home to catch up your non-existent sleep last night?”  Kelly asked.
“Nah,” Andrew thought for a minute.  “Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor?”
“No, I wanted to.  But it’s not in the theater anymore.”
“Yeah it is.  You know that small theater, the one that shows movies after they leave the big theaters?  Let’s go see it.”
“The boys get out of school at 3:00, and I’m not sure if Mike can pick them up at the sitter’s or not.”
“Call him and see.”
For just a moment, it seemed a little strange to be going to a movie.  But it was no big deal, and besides, Andrew was eleven years younger than she was.  He could be her little brother.  There was no question of ulterior motives, just two colleagues catching a movie.  Kelly dialed home – no answer.  His cell went straight to voicemail.  “Hey Mike, I still have lots of work to do, and I might be late.  Could you pick up the boys at the sitter’s?”
“Sure,” Mike replied.  “That will give me an excuse to go home early.”
Kelly wasn’t sure why she had told a lie, and Andrew didn’t mention it.  But it was just a little white lie.  Just in case Mike read too much into it.  He had seemed so strange lately.
They made it to the theater just in time to see the 2:20 showing.  Since they had both just eaten, they didn’t get any refreshments.  As they sat down, Kelly rifled through her purse and found her Altoids.  “Mint?”
“Why, do I stink?” Andrew laughed.
Kelly blushed.  “No, I just have this paranoia about my breath.”
“OK, that is one of the weirdest paranoia’s I have heard.  Why are you paranoid about your breath?”
“It’s nothing.  It’s stupid.”
“No, you’re not getting out of this one.  It’s too intriguing.”
“Okay,” Kelly sighed.  “If you must know, Mike is very sensitive to smells.  He doesn’t like to kiss when my breath stinks.”
“No way!”
“Yeah,” Kelly smiled.  “In fact, the first time we kissed, we were at his house.  His mom had made this spicy Mexican dish.  Everyone else had gone to bed.  He kept getting closer and closer on the couch.  I figured he was finally going to kiss me.  But he seemed nervous.  I asked him what was wrong, and he said, ‘Would you go brush your teeth?’  I laughed hysterically and kept asking him, ‘Why?  Are you planning something?’”
Andrew was dumbfounded.  “You laughed?  Why would you laugh?”
“It was funny, you know.  I could tell he wanted to kiss me.”
“Sorry, Kelly, but I just don’t think that’s funny.”  Andrew looked at her and he could tell he had made her uncomfortable.  “I’m sorry. That was out of line.  I assume he planted a big one on you,” he joked.
“Yes, he sure did.”
The lights dimmed then, and the previews began.  Kelly thought about what Andrew had said.  I guess it wouldn’t seem funny to some people.  But Mike had been looking at her like she was a lifeboat and he was a drowning man.  It was funny.
The movie was incredible.  It had action, drama, the occasional bit of laughter, and lots of romance.  Kelly got lost in the story.  At one point, she realized that she was crying and that her shoulders were actually shaking.  She looked at Andrew, and he was studying her.
“You okay Kelly?”
“I always cry at movies,” she whispered.  “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry.  You want me to get you some napkins?”  As he asked her, he touched her hand.  For a moment, the screen seemed to go blank.  Kelly couldn’t answer him.  After a few second, Andrew coughed.  “I’ll go get some napkins.”
While he was gone, Kelly felt panicky over the electricity she felt.  She wanted to leave the theater; she knew she should leave the theater.  But she didn’t have a car.  And she couldn’t ask Mike to come get her when she had lied about where she would be.  She forced herself to relax.  Andrew was showing brotherly concern.  And anyway, it was a sad, sentimental movie.  She hadn’t been to a movie in ages, and she wasn’t going to let something trivial and meaningless ruin it.  So Andrew touched her hand. Big deal.  No way had he meant anything by it.  Why on earth would he?
After the movie, Andrew dropped her off at home.  It was 5:15.  When she walked in, the boys were working on a puzzle.  Kelly had bought for Mike the previous Christmas, and she glad to see he had finally broken it out – it was nice seeing them all gathered around the coffee table.  All her guys working together.  Mike looked up when she dropped her keys on the table in the entryway.
“How’s the advertising world going?  Did you get a lot done today?”
“Still needs a few finishing touches.  I think we’re getting close now.”
“Wow, this must be some big deal account.  You’ve spent hours writing it.”
Kelly felt a twinge of guilt and started to say that she and Andrew had blown off the afternoon and gone to a movie.  But it didn’t seem relevant.  “What do my guys want for supper?”
“Why don’t we order in?  You must be tired after working all day.”
“I’m fine,” Kelly said.  “In fact, I have a package of chicken breast in the refrigerator.  Why don’t I fry some chicken.”
Mike smiled and nodded.  “That would be great.  You fried chicken is even better than Mom’s now.”
“Wow, now that’s a compliment!”
An hour later, they were all sitting down to chicken, broccoli, creamed corn, and homemade biscuits.  Mike ate, complimented her cooking twice, and ate some more.  Kelly beamed.  It felt so good to be appreciated.  After dinner, Mike offered to help her clean the kitchen.  Then, when he went into the den, she decided to catch up on the laundry and do a few things around the house.  By 9:00, most of the laundry was clean and put away, the kitchen was mopped, both bathrooms were cleaned, and every room except the den had been vacuumed.  Kelly plopped onto the couch and sighed.
“Boy,” Mike said.  “Maybe this going back to work is a good thing.  The house hasn’t looked this good in weeks.”
Kelly wasn’t sure whether that was really a compliment or not.  She didn’t say anything in response.
“Hey, I meant that in a good way, Kelly,” Mike said, and he touched her hand.  She waited for the television screen to go blank like the movie screen had, but it didn’t.
“I know,” Kelly smiled.  “I am sweaty, and I smell like Lysol.  I think I’ll take a shower.”
Kelly stood in the shower letting the hot water stream over her.  The day had been a good one.  She felt more lighthearted than she had in a long time.  The grant writing was going well – she had a gut feeling they were sure to get it.  The house really was cleaner than it had been in a while.  Mike had complemented her and helped her.  She clicked off the mental list in her head.  What she didn’t add to the list was how much fun she had had with Andrew that day.

Chapter 10

The presentation deadline was looming.  Luckily, work and home became very busy places for Kelly.  At work there were meetings to attend, presentation work to do, and graphics to design.  At home, there were meals to cook, housework to do, and practices and ballgames to attend – Mikey was playing peewee football.  One of Mike’s managers had moved away, so Mike had been working more hours than usual.  Not that Kelly minded.  They were like ships passing in the night anyway, and she had grown used to it.  Every once in a while, she thought she should make a move toward Mike, maybe try to bridge the distance.  But mostly she nursed her own hurt at his inattention.
The one thing that Kelly looked forward to every week was the new routine some of the Agents had.  Every Thursday, several of them would meet at a restaurant and have dinner together.  Kelly looked forward to this every week, and Mike didn’t say much about it because he knew she needed time with friends.  The colleagues would enjoy a relaxing dinner, and every once in a while several of them would stay a little later, having a couple of drinks and blowing off some steam.  Kelly didn’t stay every week, but she occasionally indulged herself.
It was on a Thursday afternoon in late October when Mike came home with an announcement.  He was going to attend a special business training class.  He was very excited about it.  He came home bursting to tell Kelly.
‘That sounds great,” Kelly said after Mike had explained the content of the class.  “You should get some really useful information.  When does it meet?”
“It meets every Thursday from 6:00 until 9:00.”
Kelly’s smile faded.  If he took this class, there would be no more dinner with friends.  He knew she went out every Thursday.  “Isn’t there some other time the class meets?”
“Well, there is a section that meets on Friday evenings, but I don’t want to have to take a class on a Friday night.”
Kelly’s voice grew pinched.  “So what do I do about my weekly dinners?”
“Kelly, I know you enjoy that.  But this will really help the business.  It will help us.”
“What helps us is me getting out of here every week to relax,” Kelly replied sharply.  She bit her lip as soon as she said it.  That was a bit much.  But she didn’t apologize.  She was too mad.
“Kelly, I think we need some perspective.  Your dinners are fun, but you also go out sometimes after work.  You see these people all day long.  This class is a real opportunity.  I need to do this.”
“That’s fine,” Kelly said.  “I’ll just hire a babysitter every Thursday.”
Mike looked at her and shook his head.  “You know we can’t afford that.”
“Oh,” Kelly spat.  “But we can afford for you to go to school.  How many hundreds of dollars will that be?”
“Kelly, I got a scholarship.  That’s why I really need to do this now.”
Kelly walked to the doorway of the den.  “I don’t know why you even talk to me about these things.  It doesn’t really matter what I think anyway.  I’m invisible.” She left the room before Mike could reply.  Then she came back in for one parting shot.  “Oh, and since this will be my last supper, don’t wait up.”
Kelly was still fuming when she arrived at the restaurant, but she made herself smile broadly as she greeted her friends.  When the waitress took their drink orders, Kelly ordered a glass of white zinfandel.
“Hey, we don’t usually start that until after dinner,” Jenny said.
“Well, since this is my last hurrah, I thought I’d make an exception.”
“Your last hurrah?  What does that mean?”  Rob asked.
“Mike’s taking a business class on Thursday nights, starting next week.”
“How long will that last?” Jenny asked.
“I didn’t ask him.  Several weeks I guess.”
“Well,” Megan said, lifting her glass, “This night is Kelly’s.  And my dear, I am buying your dinner.”
Kelly shook her head in protest.  “You don’t need to do that.”
“Glad to do it, friend,” Megan replied.  “But you’re buying your own drinks!”
The evening passed quickly, and soon teachers began to leave.  Pretty soon, the only people still at the table were Megan, Kelly, and Andrew.  They moved to the bar.  Andrew ordered a beer, Megan ordered a margarita, and Kelly ordered her third glass.
“So you two, how’s the big account going?  You nervous about the presentation yet?”
“Don’t be mean,” Kelly responded, chuckling.  “You know how I get.”
“Is Mike excited about you coming back?  I know the extra money has to be a good thing.  Extra income is always a good thing.”
“I think so.  He’s a little worried about how busy we’ll both be.  He asked me to just try it with this account and then we would decide.”
Megan raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything.
Kelly raised her glass and said, “Well, let’s drink to my last big dinner for a while.  And to good friends.”
They chatted for a while longer about various things.  Kelly noticed that Andrew, however, seemed quieter than usual.  As they got up to leave, Andrew motioned for her to stay back.
“Let me take care of your drinks,” he said.
“I’m fine, Andrew.  I can pay for my own drinks.”
“I’m sure you are.  But I want to do something for you on your last dinner with us.  Let me do that.”
“Okay, thanks Andrew.”
“Oh, and one more thing, we’re all glad you’re back, and I personally hope you stay.  It makes life at the office a lot more interesting.”


Chapter 11

It was the last day of before the big presentation, and Kelly was already feeling the butterflies. She knew the work was good, and she expected to land the account, but it had been a long time since she had done a joint presentation.  They had decided that Andrew would start the pitch, and then Kelly would close.  She had a real gift for words, and she would be the best to wrap things up at the end.
Megan met Kelly in the hall.  “Hey, Kelly.  So today’s the big day?  You and Andrew pitching?”
“Yes, and I’m so nervous I can hardly stand it.”
“You always do that, and then you always close the deal,” Megan teased.  “You should know by now that you’re the one with the advertising magic around here.”
Kelly laughed nervously.  “Well, thanks for the boost, but it just seems that nerves are part of the package for me.  Maybe it keeps me on my toes.”
“Hey,” Megan said.  “Since everyone is so glad you’re back, we planned a little supper gathering at Reye’s after work.  If you all close the deal, we can consider it a celebration.”
“Okay, but you have to be the designated driver.  I might just go wild or something.”
“Yeah, right,” Megan laughed, rolling her eyes.  “You’ve never been drunk in your life.”
“Tonight may be the night.  This is a big deal to close.”
“Well, good luck again.  I’ll be thinking of you.”  Megan headed down the hall to her office.
Half an hour later, Andrew and Kelly were walking down the hall toward the conference room.  “Nervous?”  Andrew asked.
“Don’t ask, or I’ll be sick,” Kelly answered.
Andrew squeezed her hand, and Kelly felt the electrical jolt again.  Why was it that Andrew did that to her; he couldn’t know the affect he had on her?  “Kelly, we have done a great job, and remember: we are the best.  No problem, we have this deal.”
Kelly smiled.  “I’m glad one of us is absolutely sure.  I don’t know why I get so worked up about these things.  I know it will go well.  I mean, you’re part of it, right?”
It wasn’t until Andrew squeezed her hand again that Kelly noticed he was still holding it.  He cleared his throat and let go before they walked into the conference room.  The clients were already sitting there along with Bob and one of the administrative assistants.  Kelly and Andrew set up the boards and laptop.  Then Andrew took a deep breath and began the pitch.  Kelly sat back and watched him.  He was brilliant.  The longer she listened to him, the less nervous she became.  He was right, this was a done deal; they had really pulled off something amazing.  By the time Kelly got up to speak, the butterflies in her stomach were completely gone.
After the presentation, the clients asked a few questions, looked at each other, and smiled.  Finally, the CEO stood and shook Kelly’s hand, then Andrew’s.  “Well, you two, you certainly know how to close a deal,” he said.  Then the clients gathered their things, promised to be in touch, and left the conference room.  Bob immediately came up to them and smiled broadly.
“You two are the perfect team.  I’ve never seen anything like it.  I may have to put you together on the next big account and let you work your magic again.  I’ve got another meeting, but I just wanted to tell you great job and congratulations.  Like I said, I know my people.”
Promptly at 6:00, Megan knocked on Kelly’s office door.  “Turn off that computer.  It’s time for your dinner.  And I hear it’s going to be a celebration.  I told you that you would knock their socks off.”
“Thanks, I am ready to get out of here.  After a big presentation, I always have this tired feeling of relief.”
“No sleepyheads tonight,” Megan teased.  “We’re going to party.”
Kelly called Mike on her cell before they left and told him that several coworkers wanted to take her out to eat.  He congratulated her and said, “Stay out as late as you want.  You’ve worked hard, and you deserve some celebrating.  I’m going to go into the office, but I can get Stacy from down the street to watch the kids. Oh, and congratulations again.”
Before going to the restaurant, Megan followed Kelly to the house so that Kelly could leave her car there.  Kelly didn’t want to leave it in the parking deck so late.  By the time Megan and Kelly arrived at Reye’s, several colleagues were seated at the table.  They waved Kelly and Megan over.  Andrew had saved them seats.
“Congratulations, Kelly,” Jenny said.  “Andrew was just telling us about your amazing performance.”
“Well,” Kelly replied, “That was just because he warmed up the crowd.”
“Boy, we have mutual admiration society going on here, don’t we?” Bob joked.
The waiter came then, and everyone ordered their dinner.  Megan reminded Kelly that dinner Kelly’s dinner was on her.  Kelly ordered a beef taco salad and a large margarita.  “Wow,” Megan said, “you were serious about getting drunk, weren’t you?”
“It’s just one,” Kelly protested good-naturedly.
Andrew shook his head.  “A large here is like three.  This should be interesting.  I never thought I would see Kelly Bowling plastered.”
Kelly stuck out her tongue at him and turned to Jenny.  “So how are you?  I haven’t talked to you in a while.  Did you all move into your new house yet?”
“Yes,” Jenny replied with excitement.  “We moved in two weeks ago, and I love it.  Especially the bathroom.”
Kelly smiled.  “Oooh, tell me about it.  I love big bathrooms.”
“This one is unbelievable,” Jenny said.  “Bob told me to do whatever I wanted in the master bath.  It’s got a big garden tub and one of those showers with sprays coming from almost every direction.”
Bob raised his glass.  “The shower is big enough for two,” he smiled mischievously.
“Good grief, Bob,” Kelly said, blushing.  “They don’t need to know that.”  Everyone laughed and raised their eyebrows at Bob.
The dinner was a relaxing affair, everyone talking and laughing and catching up on each other’s lives.  Kelly ordered a medium margarita, which caused Megan and Andrew to raise their eyebrows.  She began to feel a little fuzzy after that, so she switched to diet coke.
At 9:00, Megan looked at her watch and said.  “Kelly, I think I should go home.  I have to get up at 5:00.  Are you ready, or do you want to catch a ride with someone else?”
Kelly thought for a minute.  “I’d like to stay, but I don’t want to put anyone else out.”
“That’s okay.  I’ll give you a ride.”  Andrew volunteered.
Kelly’s heart did a slight flip-flop.  “Sure, thanks.”
They moved to the bar with the other agents, chatting and watching the bad karaoke singers – Friday was always karaoke night.  As the night wore on, one by one the rest of Kelly’s colleagues said goodbye and headed home. Kelly and Andrew continued talking.  Kelly felt drawn to him.  She knew he didn’t feel that way.  But she had nursed her fantasy for so long it didn’t really matter.  It was all she could do not to blurt out her attraction.  Andrew checked his watch as Kelly finished another diet coke.
“It’s nearly 11:00.  Are you ready to go home, or would you like another drink before we leave?”  Andrew asked.
“I guess it’s late enough.  I should probably get back home.”
They climbed into Andrew’s car, and he teased, “I guess we could always catch a late movie – just not anything that makes you cry.”
For some reason, as the backed out of the parking place, Kelly made an impulsive decision.  She knew Andrew was just being friendly, but suddenly she couldn’t stand the curiosity.  She had never been one not to speak her mind.  “Actually, if you wouldn’t mind driving around for a little while, there’s something I would like to talk to you about.”
“Okay, what’s up?”
“Well,” Kelly took a deep breath.  “First of all I want you to know I have no expectations.  But something has been on my mind for a while and I can’t seem to shake it.  Maybe if I completely humiliate myself I will get it out of my system.”
“I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Somewhere inside, Kelly heard a voice telling her to drop it.  But she ignored it.  She was tired of feeling invisible, whether it was her imagination or not.  “We’ve been friends for a while, and you are such a great person.  Well, I can’t believe I am saying this out loud, but I have started feeling….” She looked out the window, too embarrassed to continue
“What?  You can tell me, I don’t judge people.”
“Okay, but there is no pressure.  I know you don’t feel the same way.  The bottom line is I am very attracted to you.  I have been for a while.  I know it’s stupid, and I know you do not see me that way.  Don’t worry.  I think that maybe if I come clean and actually hear you say you’re flattered but you do not feel that way, I can lick my wounds and get over it.  So there, I said it.  Please don’t throw me out of the car.  Just tell me you are not attracted to me and we’ll go on with life.”
Andrew drove in silence for a moment.  Kelly wished that she had kept her mouth shut.  She felt sick at her stomach.  She had just ruined their friendship.
“I can’t tell you that, Kelly,” Andrew finally said.
“Can’t tell me what?”
“I can’t tell you I am not attracted to you.”
Kelly felt her heart begin pounding wildly in her chest.  “You mean…”
“Yes, I’m attracted to you too.  I wasn’t ever going to tell you, but since it’s out there.”
“I can’t believe it.  That is just so weird.”
“You sell yourself short, Kelly.  Why do you do that?”
Kelly thought for a moment.  In the back of her mind, she knew the alcohol had impaired her judgment, making her too eager to spill her problems.  But Andrew seemed genuine, and she really wanted to talk to someone.
“Well, I guess…it’s because Mike just doesn’t feel that way about me anymore.  That’s just over for him.”
“Really?  I can’t believe that’s true.”  Andrew looked at her for a moment, and then turned his attention back to the road.  “It seems like a lot of my married friends go through that.  Maybe it’s just a phase.”
“A phase that lasts two years?  We’re just roommates, and that’s pretty much how life will probably be from here on out.”
“I’m sorry Kelly.  I didn’t know.”
“Yeah well,” Kelly sighed.  “So you don’t hate me?  We’re still friends?”
“Of course we are.  I don’t think any less of you for being honest.  That takes guts.”
“Well, I told you while we were in the car, so I wouldn’t have to wonder if you were going to kiss me or kick me out the passenger’s side,” Kelly laughed, trying to lighten the moment.
“Well, I’ve got my hands on the steering wheel, so I can’t exactly do either, can I?” Andrew teased, not looking at her.
Kelly’s heart flip-flopped again.  They talked for a few more minutes about Kelly and her marriage. “I better get home.  It’s nearly midnight.”
“Me too.”
They drove in silence until they reached Kelly’s house.  She put her hand on the door and then turned to Andrew.  “Should I not have told you this?”
“No, I’m glad you told me.  I respect that you have the courage to be honest.”
“So we’re okay?”
“Of course we’re okay.  Good night, Kelly”
“You too, Andrew,” and with that, Kelly got out of the car and went into her house.
Kelly spent most of that night lying awake and replaying her conversation with Andrew.  He was attracted to her.  Sure, nothing could ever come of it, but Andrew was attracted to her.  Even if they could never act on the attraction, it made her feel good.  She wasn’t invisible after all.  The next morning, she checked her email, and there was a message from Andrew:

“Ok.  So I need to respond in some way after what you told me.  Not sure how.  I will say that you are a much braver person that I am.  I would never be able to do what you did.  Instead I send emails because I don’t have to sit there scared and vulnerable.  I will say that I am not in love with you.  But I do care about you as a friend.  I don’t say this to hurt your feelings, but maybe it will help you to extinguish your fantasy of me.  However I can’t say that I have not fantasized about you.  Over the past year or so you have grown more and more attractive and I (as well as everybody else) have taken notice.  So I will say that you have been the subject of many of my fantasies.  Why do I say this?  Because in your conversation you kept saying something like, ‘But I know nothing will ever happen’ or ‘I know you don’t feel the same way.’  Don’t say nothing will happen because I don’t see you that way or because you are unattractive.  Don’t say those things because both of those things are untrue.  Sure nothing should happen but that doesn’t mean you were the only person thinking about stuff.  I say this because I don’t want you to feel awkward.  You put yourself out there and that was very brave.  So now you have the dirt on me.  Now you can’t feel embarrassed because I am just as embarrassed.

Well later
-Andrew”

Kelly’s hands shook and she couldn’t help but smiling.  She probably should have deleted the email, but it made her feel so good, she just couldn’t.  Andrew had fantasized about her.  She reread the message and closed out her email, knowing it wouldn’t be the last time she read it.

Chapter 12

Christmas was very busy for the Bowling family.  Kelly’s aunt, uncle, and three cousins were all home on furlough from the mission field.  They had spent the last four years in China, and the entire family was excited about seeing them and hearing all about what God had been doing.  The Christmas plan was to spend a few days before Christmas at Kelly’s parents’ house. Then they would go after Christmas to Mike’s, then back to Kelly’s parents’ for New Year’s.  It didn’t leave much time for being home, but it was a special holiday.  Kelly was especially looking forward to seeing her aunt.  She and Kelly had always shared a special bond.
They arrived in Roswell, Georgia on the 22nd of December.  The driveway was lined with cars.  Kelly looked at Mike, her eyes shining.  “Let’s worry about the luggage later.  I want to get inside and see everyone.”
“I figured you would.  You go on in, and I’ll take care of all the luggage.”
Kelly kissed him quickly and bounded out of the car and up the side steps.  She opened the door to her parents’ house, and the smells and sounds and sights of Christmas enveloped her.  She quickly spotted her aunt, wove through the sea of relatives, and gave her aunt a hug.  “I am so glad to see you!”
Aunt Judy returned her hug.  “You look wonderful Kelly.  Your mom said you had lost lots of weight.  Where’s that husband of yours?”
“He’s being chivalrous and bringing in all of our luggage.  He should be done in a few minutes.  I can’t believe you all have been in China for four years!  Are you glad to be back in the states?”
“Yes, we are.  But it’s funny.  We already miss China too.  It’s become a part of us.”
“So does that mean you’re going for another four years?”
“Yes, we are.  We’ll be home this year and go back in 2003.”
Kelly admired her aunt and uncle so much.  Uncle John had been a successful architect when he and Aunt Judy felt God calling them to the mission field.  They sold his part of the business to his partner, went through training, and were sent to China.  It had been a real sacrifice.  Kelly had received several letters from her aunt, and God seemed to really be blessing their work.  Their oldest daughter, who was sixteen, had already surrendered her life to missions as well.
“Oh, there’s Mike,” Kelly motioned him over.  “Hey Mike, we’re over here.”
Mike reached them and gave Judy a hug.  “It’s so good to have you all back.  Kelly’s been bursting to see you.”
“It’s good to see you two.  Where are Mikey and Sam?”
“They’ve already found some of the cousins, and they are all playing in the second den.  I think someone brought a board game.”
“So,” Aunt Judy said.  “What have you two been up to?  Is the full time ad job going well?  Is the business going well?  Are you two still madly in love?”
“My business is doing better every quarter.  I think that by next year it will practically be running itself, and I can be there more for Kelly and the kids.  Kelly’s really taken on a lot the past couple of years to allow me to do this.”  He put his around her.
Kelly smiled somewhat stiffly.  “Work is great for me too.  We just landed a big account.”
“That’s wonderful!”
“Kelly’s leaving out the most important part,” Mike interjected.  “She helped write it.”
Judy punched Kelly playfully in the arm.  “Well, what do you know?  An advertising genius in the family!”
Kelly laughed and waved off the compliment.
Judy waited, looking at both of them.  “Well, what about the last question.  You two lovebirds still starry eyed?”
There was a pause, and then Kelly answered.  “It’s a little busy for a honeymoon right now.  But hopefully things will settle down one day.”
Mike nodded.  “I think I’ll get a glass of tea.  It’s actually hot in here.”
Judy scrutinized Kelly for a moment.  “Is everything okay?  You seem to be leaving something unsaid.”
“It’s nothing Aunt Judy.  We’ve just been busy, that’s all.  And we’ve been married over ten years now.  You can’t stay starry-eyed lovers forever, right?”
“Well, I guess John and I are just two of the lucky ones then.  Sometimes I get weak in the knees just looking at him.  I have to go help your mother with dinner.  But I want us to talk later.”
Dinner was wonderful that night, even if the large crowd made it somewhat chaotic.  The house was filled with talking, laughing, praying and singing.  Judy and John told stories about China and the people they had met and worked with there.  Kelly noticed that Mikey seemed particularly enthralled.  He never took his eyes off them as they described the country, the people, and the way God was working.
Finally, one by one, relatives began to leave to go to their homes or hotels.  The only people besides Kelly and her family who were staying in the house were Judy, John, and their daughters.  After all the children had gone to bed, Kelly went downstairs to find Aunt Judy waiting for her.  
“Here, I made you some hot chocolate,” Judy said.
“Thanks,” Kelly said.  She sipped it slowly.  She would let Judy guide the conversation.
“Kelly, we’ve been close for a long time.  In many ways, you are more like my sister than my niece.  I saw something in your eyes tonight, there’s something you’re struggling with.”
Kelly sighed.  If there was anyone she felt comfortable talking to, at least about her and Mike, it was Judy.  “Well, things have been really hectic the last couple of years.  It was fine at first, but the last year or so…I don’t know.  I feel restless, unhappy somehow.  I’m so moody sometimes.  I feel isolated from Mike, like I take last place.  I know I haven’t been exactly kind to him at times, but I can’t seem to help it.  The truth is, Aunt Judy, I don’t think he feels anything anymore.  I don’t know if I can live that way.”
“You’re thinking of divorce?” Judy’s voice was not full of rebuke, but concern.
“No, of course not,” Kelly responded quickly.  “It’s just…I need to be important.  I want to be touched, to be loved.  I am lonely.  And the more distance I feel, the more distant I become.  It isn’t all Mike’s fault.  I just feel out of control somehow.”
“And…how about your walk with God?”
Kelly shifted uncomfortably.  “I know my Bible study isn’t as regular as it should be.  And sometimes I get so frustrated when I pray.  I don’t understand why life seems to be taking this turn.  I’m just not satisfied with the way things are, but I don’t think I can change them.  I’m not sure it’s possible to change them.  To be honest, I feel more happy and fulfilled being at school and with my colleagues than at home or with Mike.”
Judy searched Kelly’s eyes thoughtfully.  She didn’t say anything for a moment.  Then she asked softly, “Kelly is there anything else you need to talk to me about?”
Kelly colored and looked away.  “No, that’s it.  I just think Mike and I are not ever going to be really close again.  And it makes me sad.  I know you’re tired.  I’ll let you go to bed now.”
Kelly stood up to leave, but Judy caught her arm.  “Kelly, please be careful.  I sense that you are shutting Mike out, shutting God out.  Please don’t try to find your own happiness.  It can be very dangerous.”
“That’s not going to happen.  I know what’s right.  I just have to hope life will change.”
“Before you go to bed, I'd like to pray for you Kelly.”  Kelly nodded, and Judy bowed her head.  “Lord, I ask you to wrap your arms around Kelly.  She is feeling lonely and confused.  Help her to find contentment in you and to purpose in her heart to love Mike as she should.  I ask that you work in Mike’s heart also.  I fear he is neglecting Judy in his desire to provide for her financially.  Guard them both Lord.  Help them to look to you for their joy and satisfaction.  Guard their hearts, and help them to resist temptation.  We love you Lord and thank you that with you all things are possible.  Amen”
Kelly hugged her aunt, willing her eyes to stay dry.  Then she went up to bed.  As she lay there, she felt conflicted.  She knew that what Judy had said was true, and she squirmed as she thought about how perceptive Judy had been.  She felt a pull to get on her knees, confess her confusion to God, and learn to be content.  But another voice in her heart spoke up too.  She was entitled to feel valued.  It wasn’t her distance that started these problems; it was Mike’s priorities.  Even if she was moody at times, it was because she felt so alone, and she had no recourse for relief.  She rolled over and went to sleep
The rest of their holidays were like a blur.  Kelly noticed Aunt Judy watching her closely, and for the first time in her life, Kelly found herself trying to avoid her aunt.  After they returned from the new years’ visit, Kelly felt relieved.  Her aunt’s words still made her uncomfortable.
On New Year’s, Mike and Kelly went out to dinner alone.  A girl from down the street took care of the kids.  It had been a long time since they had been alone anywhere.  They went to a local family type restaurant.  For the first few minutes they chatted about the kids, the holidays, and the specials.  Then they fell silent.  After the waitress had taken their order, Mike looked at Kelly and sighed.  “Kelly, can I ask you a question?”
“Sure, Mike.”
“Have I done something wrong?  Have I hurt you in some way?  You seem angry at me lately.”
“No, why do you ask?”  Kelly answered, guarded.
“Kelly, we’ve been married a long time.  I can tell when you’re not okay.”
Kelly felt a surge of irritation.  “Isn’t it hard to do that while you’re working all the time?”
Mike looked hurt.  “You said you supported my going into business.  You said you understood the work load.”
“I do…I did.  But we’re still married, Mike.  I still need you.”
“I try to help out when I can.  Maybe I’m not doing enough, but I do try.”
“Mike,” Kelly struggled to keep her temper in check.” If you think my main problem is how often you wash the dishes, then you really don’t get it.”
“Then what?  I don’t know of anything else that could be wrong.”
Kelly was seized by an anger she couldn’t explain or control.
“Good God!” She spat.  “Are you blind?  You don’t love me.  I can feel it.  Or maybe it’s what I don’t feel anymore.”
Mike’s eyes grew wide.  “What are you taking about?  Of course I love you.”
“You are committed.  You are going to fulfill your duty and be obedient.  But you don’t feel anything anymore.  You don’t touch me.  You don’t want to be with me.  We only made love five times last year.  I feel so lonely, and you don’t even know I am there most of the time.”
Mike seemed stunned.  He folded his napkin and looked around, trying to compose himself.
“Why haven’t you told me any of this?  You haven’t been around much for me to be in love with you.  Going to dinner with friends, working on big presentations, staying at the office for all hours   And if you need me to touch you, you can always ask, not that it’s easy now that you have made the guest room your own.”
Kelly closed her eyes; she was not going to cry.  “Why should I have to ask?  You’re the man.  You’re supposed to be the pursuer.  You’re supposed to want me.”  As soon as she said it she realized she had hurt Mike deeply.  She knew she should apologize, but the unexplainable anger she was feeling kept her from doing so.
Now Mike was angry.  “Kelly, I try to be what you need, and I try not to upset you.  Lord knows that’s not the easiest thing to do lately.  You are so unpredictable.  One day you’re in a frenzy, either happy as a clam or on a rampage.  The next day you’re too tired to even do a load of laundry.  I get home from a long day, trying to provide for us, and I can’t even find a place to put my briefcase.”
“Well, maybe you should have married a wife who was a neat freak with no sex drive.  Then you’d be happy.”
Mike looked away, and Kelly thought she saw his lip trembling.  “If you really don’t think I love you, there’s nothing I can do about it.”  He threw the credit card on the table.  “I’ll be waiting in the car.”

Chapter 13

The beginning of the year at the advertising agency was a busy time.  New accounts were coming in, presentation deadlines loomed, and there were several meetings to discuss who would be working on what.  Kelly and Andrew were asked to work on another campaign, due in part to their success on the home improvement job.  Kelly looked forward to working with him again
At home, Kelly and Mike were civil to each other.  But their dinner had created a chasm between them that neither of them was able or willing to bridge.  Mike felt attacked, and he felt Kelly’s accusations were unfair.  Kelly knew that she had not been very Christ like in her remarks to Mike, but something about her had hardened.  Despite her aunt’s warnings, she had decided that she deserved to be happy, to have what she wanted.  However, she knew her moodiness was affecting the kids as well as Mike, so for their sake she tried to keep the swings and shifts at bay.  In her heart, she felt as if she were hardly married anymore, and this allowed her to rationalize spending more and more time talking with Andrew and spending late nights at the agency.  Neither of them mentioned their pre-holiday conversation, but Kelly knew that neither of them had forgotten it.  Their chats, especially when they were alone in each other’s offices, had become more flirtatious.  They occasionally sent each other emails that were subtle and teasing, but with very straightforward undertones.  As Kelly grew farther and farther away from God and her husband and more and more indulgent in her friendship with Andrew, something in her heart changed.  She shifted from the thought that Andrew’s confessed attraction was flattering but forbidden to the feeling that she wouldn’t mind if…. Then she would stop herself.  It would never happen.
Toward the end of January, Kelly had a scare.  Her heart had been thudding for some time, but on this night, her heart thudded and skipped for hours.  Then it began tightening.  The thudding because so hard and intense, she could hardly breathe.  Kelly was afraid.  She tried taking deep breaths, but it did nothing to calm her.  She rolled over, hoping that shifting would help.  Finally, she got out of bed and had a glass of water, hoping she could settle down.  She turned on the television and sank into the couch.  At some point she fell asleep.
“Kelly, Kelly, what are you doing?”  Mike’s voice woke her the next morning.  “Did you sleep out here?”
Kelly woke up and looked at Mike.  He was concerned.  “I didn’t sleep very well.  My heart was pounding again, and this time it wouldn’t stop.”
“Kelly,” Mike sat down beside her.  “You have to get to the bottom of this.  You need to call in sick and go to the doctor.  It could be something serious.”
Normally Kelly would have dismissed his remarks.  But now she was worried too.  She nodded and called Bob, telling him she was too sick to come to the office.
“Let me deal with the kids.  You look exhausted.  Go to bed, and I’ll call the doctor when they open.  I’ll stay home and take you.”
“Don’t be silly, Mike.  You need to go to work.  I can go.  If it turns out to be something serious, I’ll call you and you can come.”
Mike didn’t look convinced, but he nodded.  Kelly climbed into bed and tried to sleep.  Her body was aching with tiredness.
At 9:30 that morning, she was waiting in her family doctor’s office, wondering what he would say.  Before too long the nurse called her name, and she went back to an exam room.
“Well, Kelly,” Dr. Randolph said.  “What’s going on?  The nurse says you are having an irregular heartbeat?  Tell me about it.”
“Well, my heart just thuds and it feels like it is racing.  Sometimes it feels like it’s coming out of my chest.  I didn’t sleep any last night.  I can’t sleep when it does this.”
“Lie on your back, and let me have a listen.”
Kelly lay back on the exam table, and Dr. Randolph placed his stethoscope on her chest, moving it slightly as she breathed.
“Well, Kelly, you have a pretty significant murmur.”
Kelly nodded.  She remembered some doctor some time telling her she had a murmur.
“With your symptoms, it sounds like mitral valve prolapse.  But I want to send you over to the diagnostic center just to be sure.  I’ll call them and have them do an echocardiogram.”
Kelly nodded and went back to the waiting room.  Before long the nurse came to her with a slip of paper.  “They want you to come now.  They have an opening.  Here’s the address.  Hope everything goes okay.”
Kelly drove to the center, and before long she was lying on a table half dressed as the technician moved the instruments up and down and around her chest.  Kelly could hear the murmur, which any other time would have been fascinating.  The technician put away the instrument and gave Kelly some paper towels to wipe the gel off.
“Your doctor will get these and should have an answer for you in about a week.”
“Did you see anything bad?”
“I really can’t discuss it.  You’ll have to wait for your doctor.”  She saw alarm in Kelly’s eyes.  “That doesn’t mean anything is wrong.  We just aren’t allowed to interpret the results.  Don’t worry.”
One week later the diagnosis was confirmed.  Kelly had mitral valve prolapse.  It wasn’t serious, and for that Kelly was relieved.  He prescribed her a low dose of antidepressant, a common treatment for the disorder.  Kelly was relieved.  Now maybe she could get some decent sleep and snap out of this moodiness.  Maybe she and Mike could even find a way back to each other.
Chapter 14
By the end of February, Kelly felt like a new person.  Within two weeks of beginning the antidepressant, she felt renewed.  She was sleeping better, the pounding had all but subsided, and her energy level was rising.  She was thankful to be returning to normal after months of wondering what was wrong.  Because of the increase in energy, she was keeping the house in order and cooking more.  As a result, some of the tension with Mike began to lessen.  He recognized her increased effort, and he even came home from work early a few times to spend time with the family.  Maybe, just maybe, things were taking a turn for the better.
Then, at the beginning of March, things began falling apart again.  After Kelly’s doctor visit, Mike decided to go to his doctor too.  The blood pressure medication he was taking made the physical relationship between him and Kelly difficult, and though he hadn’t told her, that was one of the reasons he had been distant in that area.  He swallowed his embarrassment and agreed to begin a prescription medication.  It was very hard for him to do, and he hoped that Kelly would appreciate it, that it would help them to be able to build some intimacy again.  When he told Kelly, she apologized for being so unkind about their relationship and said she hoped it would work.  Still Mike felt nervous.  Kelly’s expectations seemed so high, and he was still busy and stressed.
One night, Kelly approached him.  “Mike, it’s been several days since the doctor gave you some medication.  Why haven’t…we tried it?”
Mike looked at his hands.  “Well, I’m a little nervous.  It can cause blood pressure fluctuations, and things have been really busy.  I can’t afford to have a health problem right now and miss work.”
Kelly looked disappointed, but she didn’t say anymore.  After she went to bed, Mike sat awake thinking everything through.  He loved Kelly, but he was still having trouble feeling close to her.  There had been so much conflict and anger.  It was obvious that she was feeling better, but it took time for him to open up again.  He wasn’t sure about letting his guard down, and he knew, medicine or no medicine, it was his own self-protection that was the real issue.  He just needed more time.
As the days passed, Kelly became frustrated again.  She wanted to broach the subject again to Mike, but she wasn’t willing to make the first move.  She was lonely and starving for affection, but she wanted Mike to come to her.  She knew it wasn’t fair, but that was the way she felt.  Besides, Mike was spending more and more time on the computer, and she was angry about that too.  What could he possibly be doing?  She nursed the questions that came to mind, and she eventually became suspicious of his time on the computer.
Finally, one Friday she decided to talk to Andrew about the situation.  She wasn’t sure why, but she felt as if she could trust him.  Part of her wondered if it was a bad idea given the fact that they were both attracted to each other, but she had already filled him in on the basics of her marriage situation. Late that afternoon, she walked down to Andrew’s office.  “Got a minute?”
“Sure,” Andrew said.  “What’s on your mind?”
Kelly shut the door.  “I’m worried about Mike.”
“What’s going on?”
“Well,” Kelly wasn’t sure where to begin.  “You know we’ve been distant for a while.  And you know about the disaster dinner during the holidays.  I thought that things would get better once I felt like doing things and cleaning house again.  But now I’m beginning to wonder.”
Andrew looked Kelly squarely in the eyes.  “What do you wonder, Kelly?”
“Well, he’s on the computer all the time.  Sometimes he doesn’t come to bed until 1:00 in the morning.  He’s aloof, and he doesn’t seem interested in me at all.  It’s like he’s somewhere else.”
“You don’t think….”
“No, I don’t know, no, he’d never do that.”
“How do you know?”
“Mike’s just not wired that way.  I don’t know.  It’s probably just stress or busyness.  But I feel so alone.  I don’t know if I can do this forever.”  Kelly tried not to let the tears form in her eyes, but it was too late.
Andrew put his hands on Kelly’s shoulders.  “Kelly, I know you and I are both Christians. And I know how you feel about divorce.  But you have been going through this for over a year.  Do you think it’s worth it?”
“I could never do that to the kids,” Kelly said, tears sliding down her cheeks.  “I wish I were different.  I wish I didn’t care about all this stuff.”
“Kelly, it’s perfectly normal for you to want a real relationship.  I think you really need to talk to Mike.  If he sees how drastically this is affecting you, I think it will make a difference.”
“I don’t know,” Kelly whispered.  “I think it won’t make any difference at all.  Thanks for listening.”
Kelly nodded and looked away. She wiped her face with a tissue and tried to collect herself..  She was afraid to cry in front of Andrew.  What if he tried to hug her?  She still felt so attracted to him.  She couldn’t bear to touch him.  It would just open the floodgates.  And yet something in her wished he were nearer.
“Any man should know how lucky he is to have you.  Please don’t think otherwise.”
Kelly looked at him.  There was a question in his eyes.  She almost closed the distance between them, but then she turned around to gather her things.  “Thanks Andrew.  I’ll be fine.  I hope you have fun in the mountains.”
“Wait,” said Andrew.  He opened his drawer.  “Here’s that CD I thought you might like.  Her voice is great, but it’s not really my thing. You never did get it out of my player.  Maybe it will cheer you up.”
She took the CD and smiled.  “Thanks Andrew.”
Andrew touched her shoulder.  “Take care of you.  You deserve it.”
Kelly thought about Andrew’s words as she was driving home.  The more she thought about them, the more she felt that he was right.  She did deserve to take care of herself.  She deserved to feel special, to be happy.  She wasn’t sure how that would be possible, but she was determined to find a way.  When she arrived home, she immediately went out for a jog.  She had jogged early that morning, but she needed some time alone to think.  Besides, she had so much energy; it felt good to be taking advantage of it.

Chapter 15

On Friday Kelly made a discovery that left her dizzy.  She had been looking for the fingernail clippers in the bathroom, and she looked in Mike’s toiletry bag.  As she took things out, the pills dropped on the floor.  She picked them up and saw that three pills were missing from the blister pack.  She sat down on the bed, and her heart started pounding.  Three pills missing, and she and Mike still had not been together.  Why were pills missing?  She quickly put the items back in Mike’s bag and went to the computer.  She pulled up his school email and tried to access it using the password she remembered.  It said the password was incorrect.  Then she tried his home account.  Again, the password she typed in was incorrect.  She felt sick to her stomach.  So that was why Mike was so distant.  He didn’t need her anymore because he had someone else.  Kelly leaned over and put her head between her knees for a few minutes.  Then she composed herself.  She had to get ready for school.  She couldn’t think about this now.  She’d deal with it later.
After Kelly got to work, she closed her office door, turned up the volume on the CD that Andrew had given her, and tried to immerse herself in work.  Talking to anyone and being sociable was out of the question, but she also didn’t want to think about all the painful questions pressing at her mind.  She was in the middle of writing notes for a proposal when a sound announced that she had a new email.
“Hey, what are you doing hiding in your office?”  The email was from Andrew.
Kelly smiled.  “Just listening to this great CD someone gave me.  I don’t understand why he doesn’t like it.”
“He does, but he just doesn’t ‘connect’ with it like you do.”
“Maybe you just need to get in touch with your feminine angst side.”
Andrew didn’t answer her message, and she went back to reading.  Then, after about five minutes, she heard the ding again.
“Touch who?  I would have to get to know her first.”
Kelly’s head began to pound.  What had he meant by that?  She started to ignore it, but she had to know.  “Are you sure you want to know the answer to that question?”
“When I ask questions, I expect answers.”
Kelly stared at the email.  Here it was.  If she ignored the email, he probably wouldn’t send another.  But if she replied…there was no doubting his intentions.  Kelly took a deep breath and typed, “Well, there is this one girl.  She’s getting older, but she’s still got it.  Except that she’s a little vulnerable because she thinks her hubby cheated on her.”  She pressed send, and tried to quell the butterflies in her stomach.
The ding announced a reply, and she opened it, holding her breath….
“Vulnerability is my specialty.”
At 5:00, Andrew stopped by Kelly’s room.  “You doing okay?” He asked.  Kelly shrugged.  “Hey,” Andrew said.  “Instead of working here all night, why don’t we go to my house and order in.  I’ve had about all of this building that I can take.”
Kelly smiled.  “Actually that sounds really good.  Just let me call Mike.”  She dialed her home number, and Mike picked up the phone.  Hey, Mike.  I wanted to catch some dinner and maybe a movie with some work friends.  Did you think you can get the kids in bed if I’m late?”
“Sure,” Mike said.  “I have some things to do on the computer anyway.  Go ahead, and take your time.”
Andrew looked at her, puzzled.  “Do you want to go to a movie?  We really need to work.”
“I just didn’t want Mike to wait up.”
Andrew smiled and shrugged.  “Okay.  Well, let’s get our notes and laptops and get out of here.”
Kelly followed Andrew to his house.  Kelly had been there once before, when he had a few friends over a couple of years ago.  She placed her laptop and briefcase on the floor beside the door.  Andrew’s house had an open floor plan, with a big room that housed the living, kitchen, and dining areas.  The house had three bedrooms and two bathrooms.  The master bedroom was downstairs and the two others were upstairs, along with a small study.  Andrew had often said it was too much space for a single guy, but that he didn’t plan to be single forever.  Kelly wandered around the house and then went into the kitchen area and leaned on the counter.
“So, what’s for dinner?”  Andrew asked.  “Chinese, pizza, sandwiches?”
“How about Chinese?  I’m the only in my house who likes it, so I hardly ever get to eat it.”
“A woman after my own heart,” Andrew joked.  He placed an order, and they sat at the table work spread out, waiting for the food to come.  They discussed their progress, made notes and changes, and came up with a game plan for their latest presentation.  Their worked flowed easily, and before they knew it the food arrived.  They didn’t want to have to put up all their work, so they decided to eat on the sofa. Andrew brought some napkins and plates in from the kitchen, and they set up their dinner on the coffee table.
“This was a great idea,” Kelly said.  “It’s nice to get out of the offices for a while.  And this couch is way more comfortable than an office chair.”
“I know,” Andrew said.  “I love this couch.  I’ve had it since college.  It’s been recovered a couple of times, but it’s so comfortable I just can’t get rid of it.”
As they ate, they chatted about little things.  Kelly steered clear of serious conversation.  She wasn’t interested in talking about Mike or anything else that was life changing.  It was nice just to relax and unwind.  Andrew joked around, and they unabashedly flirted.  Somewhere in the middle of dinner, however, the jokes became fewer and the silence seemed to stretch itself with electricity.  There was an undeniable tension in the air.  As they finished their dinner, Andrew began gathering the dishes and boxes.  Kelly said, “You took care of dinner.  I can at least do the cleaning.”  As she took the dishes from Andrew, her hand covered his.  They lingered that way for a moment, and then Kelly stood up and went into the kitchen, aware that her heart was pounding rapidly.
She felt Andrew come up behind her and place his hand on her shoulder.  He moved it then to stroke her hair, and then she felt his face in her hair and his mouth next to her ear.  “The dishes can wait.  Come back to the couch,” he said softly.  He took her hand and led her to the living area.  Then they sat down, not letting go of each other’s hands.  Kelly reached up and pushed a strand of hair behind her ear, her eyes never leaving Andrew’s face.
In the next moment, Andrew brought his face closer to hers, and he kissed her.  She brought her hand to his face.  The kiss left her breathless.  Andrew reached around her and took her into his arms as they lay backward.  After a few moments, Kelly bent her head back as Andrew began kissing her ears and neck.  She felt no warnings, no hesitation, only the excitement of being near Andrew and the forbiddenness of it all.  In a hoarse whisper, Andrew asked, “Is this okay?  I really want it to be.”  Kelly nodded without hesitation, and then pulled him with her as she lay farther back on the couch.
They were lying on the couch, their kisses becoming more intense.  Kelly knew exactly where they were headed, and she didn’t want to stop it.  She had dreamed about this, nursed her fantasy for months.  As Andrew’s presence became more intense, she let herself go completely.
Afterward, they lay on Andrew’s couch for a while for a while as the clock ticked.  Andrew reached over and covered them with a quilt.  Kelly had her head on his shoulder.
“Well,” Andrew finally said, lacing his fingers with hers and kissing her hand.  “I guess we lived the fantasy, didn’t we?”
Kelly sighed.  “I guess we did.”
Andrew chuckled.  Then his face grew more serious.  “This will be our secret, right?  Something we shared that only we know about.”
“Of course,” Kelly said.
“It was nice, wasn’t it?”
“Yes.”  Then Kelly looked at Andrew anxiously.  “Our friendship is okay, isn’t it?  Do you still respect me?”
“Of course I respect you, Kelly.  This doesn’t change anything about how I feel about you.  Your friendship is important to me.”
They lay there a little while longer, and then Kelly sat up.  “I should probably go.  I’ve been gone awhile.”
Andrew helped her find her clothing and watched as she dressed.  He walked her to the door and they stood there awkwardly for a moment.  Finally Kelly gave him a hug and said, “See you Monday.”
Andrew leaned forward and gently brushed her lips with his.  “Sure will.”
As Kelly drove away, she was aware that she was still smiling.  She still felt the sensations.  But she was also aware of something else.  She felt no regret whatsoever.

Chapter 16
The Bowling family all went to church on Sunday, but Kelly was miles away.  During the sermon, all she could think of was the day before.  She could still feel the sensations, and the tremble was still there.  She had relived the afternoon over and over already.  It filled her mind and made her smile.  In a tiny corner of her heart, she wondered why she felt no guilt.  But then, she was only taking charge of her own happiness.
On Monday, she felt a little nervous.  Would Andrew avoid her?  Would it seem strange taking to him?  She tried to dismiss her apprehensions as she dressed for work.  There was nothing she could do about it now.  She would just have to wait and see.  And they were still working on the project together.  They would just have to find a way to relate to each other at work after having the…encounter.  She packed her lunch, grabbed her keys, and headed out the door.
Kelly entered the office building and walked toward her office.  She walked by Andrew’s office, keeping her gaze forward.  As she passed his door, she heard Andrew’s voice.
“Aren’t you going to say good morning?”  He called to her.
Kelly smiled and stood in his doorway.  “Good morning,” She smiled.  
“Have a good weekend?” Andrew asked as he grinned.
“Aw, it was okay I guess,” she answered.
“Ouch!”
“No, actually, it was pretty darn good.  See you later.”  Kelly waved and walked to her room.  She was relieved.  There was no tension, no awkwardness.  Their friendship was still intact.
Overall, Monday was relatively uneventful.  She and Andrew spent the day working on the presentation and chatting over lunch.  She had been afraid that the previous weekend would consume her thoughts.  However, surprisingly, it was just business as usual.  Toward the end of the day after sitting in her office at her computer all day, she felt stifled, and the warm sunshine was calling her.  It had been awhile since she had done any writing.  She took her notebook and a pen and sat at one of the picnic tables next to the office building.  She was immersed in writing when the side door opened and closed.  Andrew walked down the sidewalk, briefcase in hand.  He stopped and said, “See you later.”  Before he resumed his walk to the car, he looked over his shoulder for just a moment and smiled a knowing smile.
Kelly gathered her things then and left to pick up her boys a little earlier than usual.  Mikey and Sam ran to her car and jumped in excitedly.  “Mom!” Sam exclaimed.  “You’re early.”
“Yep,” Kelly smiled.  “And since it’s so early, I thought we’d go to the park.”
The boys let out whoops of delight and gave each other high fives.  The weather was beautiful and the park was relatively empty of people.  Mike and Sam climbed out of the car and ran full tilt toward the maze.  Kelly had to jog to catch up to them.
“Hey Mom,” Sam called.  “Come through the maze with us!”
Kelly laughed, and, forgetting her dry clean only pants, she got on her hands and knees and followed the boys through the maze.  The boys had been through the maze so many times, they knew their way.  When they climbed out the other end, Mikey said, “Let’s do it again.”
“I think once is all I can do,” Kelly laughed.  “I’m old, remember?”
Sam hugged Kelly and said, “You’re not old, Mommy.  You’re perfect.”
They arrived home at about 5:00, and when they walked in, Mike was waiting for them on the couch.  He looked irritated, but he smiled at the boys.  “Hey guys.  Where have y’all been?”
“Mom took us to the park,” Mikey answered.  “She even went through the maze with us!”
“That’s great,” Mike said.  “Could I talk to Mom for a minute?  You guys can go do your homework.”
The boys went to their room obediently.  Kelly sat on the couch, wondering what was up.  It was obvious that Mike was annoyed about something.  “So,” Kelly said, trying to sound light.  “What’s up?”
“It’s 5:00, Kelly.  I didn’t know where you were, and I have a dinner meeting at 5:30.”
“I’m sorry, “Kelly said apologetically.  “I didn’t know.”
“Yes, Kelly, you did know.  I told you last week.”
Kelly looked at him, puzzled.  “No Mike, you didn’t.  I would have remembered.  I promise I didn’t know anything about it.”
Mike looked frustrated.  “Kelly, you know how you are.  Who knows if you were even paying attention when I told you?  But I did tell you.”
Now Kelly was defensive.  “Mike, I know you think I’m an idiot.  But you did not tell me about this dinner.  I know how important your schedule is to you.  I wouldn’t dare mess it up.”
Mike raised his voice.  “You’re going to extremes again.  I don’t think you’re an idiot.  But I know you don’t always pay attention when I talk.  And I am about tired of you being angry every time my business inconveniences you.”
Kelly stood and rolled her eyes at him.  “You know what Mike? I really don’t care.  I don’t matter to you, I am invisible, and I am not important.  You just take care of yourself and don’t worry about me.  I’ll make sure I do the same.”  And with that, Kelly stomped out of the kitchen.  A few minutes later, she heard the door close.
Kelly fumed while she fixed supper for the boys.  She was sick of Mike and his criticism.  She was sick of feeling like nothing.  It made her angry that her husband could make her feel so small when a man she had only known for two years had made her feel so special.  She wasn’t in love with Andrew, not really, but that Friday, she had felt things she thought she would never feel again.  And she decided she didn’t want just one Friday.  She longed to feel the safety of someone’s arms.  She sat down at her computer, took a deep breath, and began typing.
“Andrew,
I am thinking about our night together, and I can’t help smiling.  I am not usually this direct, but I thought I would take the ‘Mrs. Robinson’ from The Graduate approach.  I don’t have any expectations, but if you’re interested in another experience, you know where to find me.”
Kelly took one more deep breath, and then she pressed send.  For just a moment she felt a pang of apprehension, wondering if she was putting pressure on him.  But something inside told her that the door she was opening was one Andrew would most likely walk through willingly.  Just to be sure that Mike didn’t stumble onto it; she deleted the email and then emptied her deleted items folder.
As the evening passed, Kelly’s anger at Mike dissipated.  She knew her response to him was out of proportion.  But lately she had felt so agitated.  The extra energy was wonderful, but sometimes it was hard to expend it all.  She had taken to slipping out early to jog.  Then she would often jog again in the afternoon.  Between that and the decrease in her appetite, she had lost about 10 pounds.  This didn’t worry her though.  Rather, she felt more attractive than ever.  She decided that whether Mike was out of line or not, she would apologize to him when he got home.  This new moodiness was part of the problem, and she had overreacted.
Kelly put the boys to bed and then watched television for a while.  The time ticked by, and still Mike was not home.  Finally, at 9:30, she gave up and went to bed.  How could a business dinner take so long?  Again Kelly’s suspicions flared, and she wondered where he was.  The more she thought about it, the less she felt like apologizing to Mike.  So when he arrived home and came into the bedroom, Kelly pretended to be asleep.
Kelly awoke automatically at 5:00 the next morning for her run.  Unfortunately, it was raining outside.  Kelly thought about doing an aerobics tape, but she didn’t want to wake Mike or the boys.  So she sat down and checked her email.  There was one message from Andrew.  Kelly’s pulse quickened as she wondered what it might say.  Would he be offended?  Would he be interested?  “Good grief, Kelly,” she chided herself.  “Just open the stupid email.”
“Kelly,
Wow, I’m pretty flattered.  I’ve been thinking of you all week, and I want to see you again.  But I might need some time to think before we get together again.  Of course, as I sit here, I don’t think it’ll be much time, not much time at all.
Andrew.”
Kelly smiled.  He wasn’t offended, and had enjoyed it.  Maybe he wasn’t ready for anything else, but he didn’t close the door either.  She emailed a response:
“Andrew,
You just take all the time you need.  You know where to find me.
Kelly”
After pressing the send button, Kelly again deleted the emails and closed out her account.  She stretched and smiled again.  She was looking forward to the day.  As she was about to step into the shower, Mike knocked at the bathroom door.  She wrapped herself in a towel and opened the door.
“Hey, Kelly, sorry I was so late last night.  I decided to go to the office to do some work.  I thought we both needed a little time to cool off.”
“Well, Mike,” Kelly responded, “You definitely gave us that.”
“Look, Kelly, I’m sorry about yesterday.  I guess it’s possible I didn’t tell you.  Things have been so busy.  I didn’t mean to be so critical.”
“Don’t worry about it, Mike.  It’s fine.  I need to get into the shower.”
Mike looked at her for a moment as if he wanted to say something else.  Kelly was still angry, he was sure of that.  He wanted to explain and clear the air, but he knew it wouldn’t make any difference what he said.  He just shook his head and turned and walked out of the bathroom closing the door behind him.

Chapter 17

On Friday afternoon, Kelly left the office early so that she could get her run in; it had been a couple of days since she had exercised, and she was a little antsy.  Just as she was getting in rhythm with the pavement, her cell phone rang. “Hello?”
“Hey, it’s Andrew.”
“Hey.”
“Umm, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but if you have some time, I would like you to come over, if you want.”
“Oh, I wish I could, but I have to get the kids after I run.  How about tomorrow?”
“I think that would work.  Sometime tomorrow afternoon?”
“I think I can free myself up then.”
“Just give me a call whenever.  I’ll be around the house all day”
As Kelly resumed her jog, her mind and heart raced.  Last Friday, she had just wondered what would happen.  It had been possible that all they would do was eat dinner.  There was no doubt this time.  She knew exactly what would happen.  Still, the voices she had worked so hard to hush were silent.  Her heart had hardened, and she was determined to find happiness however she needed to.  Mike was so distracted with who knows what, there was no danger of consequences.  He would never even know.
Mike arrived home at almost the same time as Kelly and the boys.  As they exited their cars, Mike said, “Is everybody glad it’s Friday?”
“Yeah, Dad!  Tomorrow we can play outside all day!”
“Well, I can’t think of anything more fun that than that,” Mike said, ruffling the boys’ hair.  They ducked and ran to their bedroom laughing.
Kelly and Mike settled onto the couch.  They chatted for a few minutes, and then Kelly turned to Mike.  “Mike, I need to ask a favor,” Kelly said.  “I made a hair appointment for tomorrow, and I really need to do some shopping.  Do you think you could take care of the boys tomorrow afternoon?  They’ll probably be outside all day anyway.”
Mike frowned.  “I guess. I was really planning to go into the office.  But I guess I can do that in the morning.”
“Thanks,” Kelly replied.
“How long do you think you’ll be gone?  Not very long?”
Kelly gave a frustrated sigh.  “I don’t know Mike.  I guess as long as it takes.  Why do I have to feel guilty about going out?”
“I’m not mad.  I just wanted to know.”
Kelly left the den and went into the kitchen and began to prepare supper.  Mike walked up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders.  “What have I done? Kelly?  Why are you always so angry with me?”
“I’m not angry,” Kelly said.  “I just am tired of this peaceful coexistence.  That isn’t how marriage should be.”
Mike put his arms around her stomach.  “Kelly, I do love you.  I know I haven’t always been there for you.  But honestly, it’s hard to feel close to you when you are so angry.  I just feel like I have to protect myself.”
Kelly felt tears forming at the corners of her eyes.  “Why do I have to feel like everything is my fault?”
“It isn’t all your fault.  I know I have been distant.  That’s because I never know what kind of mood you will be in.”
“See,” Kelly replied irritably.  “Even when you take responsibility, you just shift it back to me again.”
Mike dropped his arms.  “Maybe we should talk about this later.”
“What’s the point of talking about something that will never change?”
Mike walked back into the den and sighed in frustration.  He wanted things to be better too.  But Kelly really was out there, so defensive and on guard.  He couldn’t talk to her.  There was no reasoning with her.  It was like she had already given up on them.
They ate in silence that night.  Even Mikey and Sam seemed to sense the tension.  Kelly and Mike retreated to separate rooms to watch television.  The boys stayed in their room, building towers with their Legos.  At 9:00, Kelly put the boys to bed.  She took a Tylenol PM and went to bed herself.  The pill did its work, and she didn’t stir when Mike came to bed several hours later.
Kelly awoke early again on Saturday morning.  Three loads of laundry later, she pulled on shorts and a long sleeve t-shirt for her morning run.  As her feet pounded the pavement, she vented her anger at Mike in whispered mutterings.  He was not the same man she married.  Then again, maybe he was.  He had never seemed to really want her in the way she had wanted him.  He seemed to put himself first even before the new business.  Nothing she did seemed to please him, and she wondered why he married her in the first place.  She knew she couldn’t leave him.  No matter how self-absorbed and neglectful he had become, she knew that if she left; she would be the bad guy.  And with all she had suffered, she was not about to be the bad guy.  So unless Mike decided to leave, they were stuck.  A part of her was appalled that she was so negative, so unforgiving.  But again, it was easier to shift the blame to Mike.
At 2:00, Kelly got herself ready and waved bye to the kids as they played in the backyard.  She called Andrew’s number as she pulled out of the driveway.  “Hey, anybody home?”
“Actually, I’m waiting for this girl to come over,” Andrew chuckled.
Kelly laughed, “She’ll be there soon.”
Kelly was at Andrew’s door a few minutes later.  She knocked, and he opened it almost immediately.  They smiled at each other.  Kelly wasn’t sure what Andrew was feeling, but her body was responding to the sight of him.  She walked in and put down her purse.  Andrew asked if she wanted to watch a movie.  She turned around to answer and Andrew was already standing close to her.  Before she could speak, he covered her mouth with his, and they drew close together.  Her heart was pounding and she felt dizzy.  She could feel Andrew trembling.  This time, they moved to Andrew’s bedroom and fell onto the bed.  Time seemed to stretch endlessly.  Kelly had no thoughts of family, marriage, or the immorality of her choices.  Her only thoughts were in this room, wrapped in Andrew’s arms.  Words like adultery or fornication seemed foreign now.  After what seemed like a lifetime later, they lay in each other’s arms in bed, drinking in the comfortable silence between them. Then they dressed and sat together on the couch.  
“Are you okay with all this?” Kelly asked.
“I think so. How about you?”
“Andrew,” Kelly said seriously.  “Your friendship is important to me.  I want you to know I have no expectations.  We are friends, and we’re sharing this incredible thing.  But there’s no pressure.  You know where to find me, but it’s your call.”
“Thanks, “Andrew said, touching her shoulder.  “What time do you have to leave?”
“I have a few minutes.”  They watched television for a little while, sitting shoulder to shoulder.  Finally, Kelly tore herself away and said goodbye.  This time, she gave Andrew a gentle kiss before she walked out the door.
While backing out of Andrew’s driveway, Kelly’s mind was full.  First, she was still basking in the feelings of the afternoon.  She was remembering Andrew’s face close to hers.  She was thinking of how special he had made her feel.  One thought, however, troubled her.  She had told Andrew there was no pressure, that it was no big deal.  But Kelly had lied.  Whether she wanted to or not, Kelly was falling for Andrew.  As she drove, she convinced herself that it wasn’t important.  She knew that Andrew probably didn’t feel the same way, but that was okay.  She could live with friendship and physical intimacy.  It was still more than she had at home.
When Mike awoke at 3:30 am on Sunday morning, he was surprised to hear the television playing in the den.  He rubbed his eyes and walked into the room to find Kelly watching an old movie, exercising on the floor in front of the television.
“What are you doing?” Mike asked groggily, yawning.
“I’m doing some exercises.  I woke up and wasn’t tired any more.  I didn’t run as much as usual yesterday.”
“Kelly, you went to bed at 10:00.  You can’t possibly be rested.  Why don’t you come back to bed?”
Kelly sighed and stopped doing her leg lifts.  “I’m just not tired right now.  I’ll probably come back to bed in a little while, after I finish and have a glass of milk or something.  You go on back to bed.  I want to see the end of this movie.  I’m serious.  I’m fine.  I’ll come back to bed and sleep a couple of hours in a little while.”
Mike shook his head and went back to the bedroom.  He lay there for a while, listening to the sounds of the movie and Kelly softly counting reps. He was so glad to see her feeling better after being so worried about her heart.  Her seemingly boundless energy had certainly made a difference in the state of the house.  His clothing barely touched the floor, and Kelly was already putting it in the wash.  But exercising at 3:30 in the morning?  Mike wished he had that much energy.  His business would have probably gone global by now, he thought and chuckled.
Kelly eventually finished her routine, and she sipped a glass of milk as she watched the end of the movie.  She still wasn’t really sleepy, but she knew that Mike was waiting for her.  Sometimes his questions about her sleeping patterns and energy level drove her crazy.  Wasn’t he the same man complaining about her housekeeping and constant moodiness just a couple of months earlier?  She put the glass in the dishwasher and went back to the bedroom.  Mike was still awake, waiting on her.  He smiled as she climbed back into bed and kissed her on the cheek.  Kelly lay there for a while with her eyes closed.  Finally, she opened them and shifted position.  Mike was still watching her.
“What’s wrong?” Kelly whispered.
“Just wondering if you were asleep or faking.  I figured you were faking.”
“I’m not faking.  I’m just trying to sleep.  I always close my eyes when I’m trying to sleep.”
“Okay,” Mike said and raised his eyebrows.  Kelly gave him a strange look and rolled over.  She waited until his breathing became regular, and then turned over just far enough to see him.  His mouth was open and his face was relaxed.  He was definitely asleep.  Kelly lay there for a few more minutes, just to make sure.  Then she climbed out of bed as carefully as possible and went to the computer.
She had four email messages.  One was from Andrew.  However, Kelly made herself read the other messages first.
“Hey Girl, It’s Meg.  Hope you’re having a good weekend.  Let’s go get that manicure after work Tuesday.  What do you say?”
“Kelly, we need to get together and schedule the different classes for the sales consultant.  Think we could do it over lunch on Monday?  Suzanne.”
“Mrs. Bowling, I wanted to talk with you about your ideas for our campaign. Please call at your convenience.”
After answering each email, she opened Andrew’s.
“Hey, it’s 2:00 in the morning, and I am sitting here watching mindless television, thinking about today.  Very enjoyable.  See you Monday.  Andrew.”
Kelly thought for a moment. Then she wrote a response:
“Hey.  It’s 4:30 in the morning, and come to think of it, I’m thinking about today too.  And I’m smiling.  Kelly”
Sleep was definitely out of the question now.  But Kelly went to bed anyway, just in case Mike woke up again.  She snuggled under the covers and let her mind wander.  As her mind relaxed, her eyes grew heavy.  Finally, as she was dozing off, she thought she heard Mike’s voice say softly, “I love you.”

Chapter 18
Over the next few weeks, Andrew and Kelly found ways to get together on several occasions.  Mike never questioned Kelly working late or going to dinner with colleagues; he knew she was in the middle of a presentation.  Often, Andrew and Kelly spent long hours talking after they were together, sharing dreams and discussing work or just watching television.  It became harder and harder to tear themselves away from each other after each visit.
Sometimes Andrew found himself troubled about their relationship.  It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy being with Kelly, because he did. He had thought some, though, about her family, how it might affect them if they ever found out about the…affair.  Yes, that’s really what it was.  And that bothered Andrew somehow.  He knew that Kelly was basically married in name only, that she and Mike might not even stay together.  But she was married now.  Andrew wasn’t sheltered.  He had been with a few girls he had dated.  But sleeping with a single girlfriend and sleeping with a married woman didn’t seem like the same thing.  The latter seemed worse somehow, even though he knew the Bible said the same thing about both.  For some reason, the conversation Andrew had had with Kelly while they were working on the first presentation came to his mind.  The conversation about Regina.  How ironic that he had confided in Kelly how disappointed he had been in Regina when she made it clear that she wanted to sleep with him.
Something else bothered Andrew as well.  In the email over a month ago, Kelly had said she was vulnerable.  He knew what that meant.  She was hurt over what she saw as the death of her marriage.  And she had put herself on the line admitting her attraction to Andrew.  She told him that she was fine with a more casual type relationship, but he wasn’t so sure.  There was something in her eyes when she looked at him after they were together.  Something unguarded and completely open.  He had to admit; had feelings for her too, but he suspected that they weren’t near as strong as Kelly’s.  It made him feel heartless, as if he was using her.   His body and desire were pulling him in one direction, and a voice from somewhere deep inside was pulling him in another.  Eventually, though, he shook it off.  They could control this; contain it.  After all, it wasn’t like it was something permanent.  He knew he had made Kelly feel good, safe, and secure.  She deserved that.  She needed that.  And if he enjoyed the time with her along the way, whom would it really hurt?  But still, the voice persisted quietly.  Andrew turned off the computer and began getting ready for church.
That Sunday morning, Kelly’s pastor preached about purity.  He talked about guarding the heart and God’s promise to provide a way out when temptation comes.  He talked about marriage being a picture of Christ and the church and God’s design for intimacy.  Kelly tried to think of something else.  The pastor’s comments grated on her ears.  His words made her angry.  No one understood what her life had been like for the past two years, how starved she had been for affection and attention.  It was well and good to talk about purity when you had what you needed.  Kelly felt her throat tightening.  She told God that she was the exception because she wasn’t truly married anymore anyway.  She waited for some kind of conviction, but she couldn’t hear a response.  Finally, she took out a scrap of paper and began making a list of the things she had to do the following week.  Thankfully, the service finally ended, and they could leave.
As the family was lounging around Sunday afternoon, Mike brought up the topic of visiting family.  “Kelly, it’s been awhile since we’ve seen my parents.  What do you think about going to Tennessee this weekend?”
Kelly thought for a minute.  “Mike, things are really busy right now.  We are getting ready for the next big presentation, and the sales consultant is coming in a couple of weeks.  That’s going to take a lot of preparation.”
“Can’t we just get away for a couple of days?  My parents are dying to see the kids.”
“Tell you what, why don’t you and the kids go?  The boys can take their handheld games along, and you won’t even know they are in the back seat.  Then I can spend the weekend working on work stuff.”
“I don’t really like going without you,” he said.
“Well,” Kelly replied crossly, “we’ve certainly done our share of going places without you.  I don’t know when the last time you came with us to see my parents was.”
Shaking his head, Mike sighed.  “You’re right about that.  I’m sorry.  I guess it can be just us boys this time if you’re sure you’ll be okay.”
“I’ll be fine.  I can work in peace and quiet all day long.”
Kelly inwardly congratulated herself for deflecting the trip.  Though she did have work to do, the real reason she didn’t want to go was Andrew.  She wanted to be in town just in case.  And if he called her again, they could spend more time together because no one would be expecting her at home. Smiling to herself, Kelly got up off the couch and said, “I think I’ll take a Sunday afternoon nap.”
“Want some company?” Mike offered.
“That’s okay.” Kelly said, and she left the room without seeing the disappointment on Mike’s face.
Sometime during her nap, Mike slipped into the bed.  When Kelly woke up, she found him asleep beside her.  Suddenly, Mike’s meaning behind his offer of company became clear.  Mikey and Sam were playing down the street, so they were alone.  A nervous shudder went through her.  It seemed strange to come together with Mike when she had been with Andrew the day before.  The whole thing was a little confusing.  The more she thought about it though, the more she realized that she felt more of a connection with Andrew than she did with Mike.  A wave of fear washed over her.  She and Andrew hadn’t discussed the direction of their relationship.  It had been easier just to let things flow. Were they just enjoying each other, or was something deeper going on?  Would she end up getting hurt, or could she detach herself enough to just enjoy their time without feeling too much?
“Hey,” Mike said, as he woke up, “Nice nap?”
Kelly yawned and stretched.  “Very nice.  I didn’t realize how tired I was.”“What time will the boys be home?”  Mike asked.
“Let’s see,” Kelly thought aloud.  “It’s 4:00 now.  They should be home between 4:30 and 5:00.”
Mike stared out the window for a moment.  “I that case, I guess we had better get up.”
It bothered Kelly just a little that she breathed a sigh of relief.  But when she thought about the distance of the past two years, being invisible to her husband, and the seemingly secretive behavior that Mike had displayed, she brushed aside the troubled thoughts.  If Mike loved her, she wouldn’t have turned to Andrew.  Her heart had grown bitter; she no longer felt connected to Mike.  And she still felt no remorse, no guilt.  She had convinced her heart and mind that she deserved this bit of happiness.
The Bowling’s had developed the habit of missing Sunday evening church, and tonight was no exception.  Kelly called for pizza and settled herself down to read a book she had just purchased.  Whenever she read a book, she got lost in the pages.  She was completely oblivious to the world around her.  And this book had a compelling plot:  mystery, suspense, and a few steamy love scenes.  One of her favorite authors had written it, and she drank in every word.  Mike sat beside her on the couch playing an online computer game, and the boys were watching a movie in the playroom.  It was a peaceful evening.
“Kelly,” Mike said, putting his laptop on the coffee table.  “Do you think things are any better with us?”
“What do you mean?”  Kelly asked, continuing to read.
“I mean, we don’t have as many arguments, which is good, but we don’t seem to be communicating at all.  Do you still feel the way you did before, like we are just coexisting?”
Kelly sighed and put down her book.  “I understand our relationship now.  I know you are committed to our family.  You work hard, and you care about us.  I have learned to live with the fact that you don’t feel anything for me.”
Mike’s eyes revealed that her statement had pierced his heart.  “I wish I could turn back time and do better.  But I can’t.  Can’t we just move forward and forget all that?”
“I’m sorry Mike.  I just can’t move forward right now.  With all that we have gone through and in all of our conversations, I have never once heard you apologize or take any responsibility for our problems.”
“Then you haven’t been listening.  I told you I was sorry I sometimes shut you out.  I told you I was going to try not to do that no matter what mood you are in.”
“Do you hear yourself?  No matter what mood I am in?  It’s like I am the root of all our problems.  You apologize, and then you explain how it’s my fault because I made you act that way.”
“You’re not listening, and you’re not being rational, Kelly.  This is what I am talking about.  We just talk in circles.”
“Well, not anymore,” Kelly snapped.  “I’m going to the other room.”  And with that, Kelly grabbed her book and walked away.
What was wrong? Mike thought as he sat there alone.  Kelly seemed so angry.  Even though she was no longer ranting or mercurial, something was not right.  He knew he had to take some of the blame for their problems.  But how could he be there for her when she was so combative, so hurtful?  There was a lot of water under the bridge, but he figured if he could get past and forgive, surely she could too.  What would it take for them to get back on track, and was it too late to even try?  Mike shook his head; he didn’t have any answers.

Chapter 19
To email or not to email, that was Kelly’s inward question.  She didn’t want to seem pushy or needy.  With Mike and the boys out of town, however, the opportunity was too good to resist.  Besides, she could write the message in such a way as to seem very low key.  And she had to admit; her body was hungry for more time with Andrew.  After a few drafts, she finally sent the message.
“Hey Andrew,
I have been given an unexpected weekend alone.  Mike and the boys are going to see his parents.  No pressure, no big deal, but if you have the urge to get together again, I’ll be free.  Just let me know.
Kelly”
After sending the message, Kelly busied herself with her research and memos.  She promised herself that no email would be checked until after lunch.  She didn’t want to appear too anxious.  Instinctively, she felt that if Andrew suspected that she was too into their time together he would shy away from her.  If she wanted to continue seeing him, she would have to convince him that she was just casual, whether it was true or not, and, deep inside, she knew it wasn’t, at least not for her.  But hiding her feelings was a small price to pay for some much needed closeness.
At 12:00, Kelly checked her email before going to lunch.  As she was looking at the incoming messages, Megan walked into her office.  “Hey Kel, haven’t talked to you in a while.  You doing okay?”
“Sure,” Kelly answered.  “I’ve been busy, but it’s a good busy.”
“How are things these days?  You seemed a little off when you first came back.  Now you seem happier.”
“After all those years of feeling as if I was existing for others, I realized that I have to take care of myself.  That’s something I haven’t done for a long time.”
“So what exactly does that mean?”
Kelly looked away for a moment.  “Well, I am just doing some things for me that cheer me up and make me feel less stressed.”
Megan studied her.  “Why do I feel like there’s something you aren’t telling me?”
“There really isn’t anything to tell,” Kelly answered uncomfortably.  “I’m just having some me time.  Everybody needs that, right.”
Megan looked at her intently, and Kelly looked away again.  “I still think you aren’t telling me the whole story, but I won’t push.  You know, of course, I’m always around if you want to talk.”
“Thanks, you’re a great friend.  We need to get together again soon.”
After Megan left the room, Kelly opened her email.  She did have a message from Andrew.  Her heart began pounding.  She felt the anticipation building from somewhere deep inside.
“Kelly,
Well, that sounds interesting.  I’ll have to check and see if my other girlfriends will mind.  Just kidding.  Sure, come on over.  We can go out to dinner or something.
- Andrew.”
Kelly’s heart soared.  An entire weekend would give them lots of time.  She wouldn’t have to tear herself away the way she always had.  That week was the longest week Kelly had remembered having in a long time.  She anticipated her weekend with Andrew.  He came by her office to chat several times, and the twinkle in his eye told her that he was full of anticipation as well.  Finally, Friday afternoon arrived, and Mike and the kids headed out to see his parents. Kelly primped, put on one of her favorite outfits, and called Andrew a couple of hours later.  “Hey, are you busy?”
“Not yet.  When are you coming over her?”  He asked.
“Whenever you want,” Kelly replied.
“Well, then, what are you waiting for?”
Kelly entered Andrew’s house to find the table set.  The house smelled Italian and delicious.  “What is all this?”  Kelly asked as she walked into the kitchen and saw Andrew preparing a salad.  She put her arms around his waist and laid her head on his shoulder. “You cooked.  Is this lasagna from scratch?”
“Yep,” Andrew answered.  “I had to scratch the box to get it open.”  He turned around and kissed Kelly’s neck, winding his fingers through her hair.  “I thought we’d eat in.”
They sat at the table and talked about the previous week.  Their conversation turned to Andrew’s family.  He told Kelly more about where and how he grew up.  It was obvious that he was very close to his family, especially his sister.  Kelly told him about her past, all the things that had changed her life over the years.  Kelly trusted Andrew completely.  After dinner, they washed the dishes.  Kelly was drying a plate and putting it in the cabinet when she felt a splash of water on her back.  She turned around to see Andrew flicking water at her as it ran out of the faucet.  She grabbed the dishtowel and popped it at him a couple of times, making contact with an arm.
“Hey, that’s not fair.  That towel hurts!”  Andrew grabbed the towel, but Kelly wouldn’t let go.  Laughing, he pulled at the towel and brought her closer.  Then their faces became more serious.  The dishes were forgotten.  They were in each other’s arms again.  After a while, they both fell asleep.
Andrew watched Kelly sleep and let his mind wander.  What were they doing, exactly?  He was doing his best to keep his feelings at bay, but it was becoming harder and harder to do.  Kelly had told him that she didn’t want to leave Mike, didn’t want to be the bad guy.  But how long could they continue being together?  Each time they saw each other, Kelly opened herself up more and more.  While she seemed unafraid of her feelings, Andrew was scared to death of his.  He couldn’t let himself fall in love with someone when there was no future.  Then there was the matter of right and wrong.  Andrew kept that subject at bay most of the time, but here, in the quiet, he knew that what they were doing was very wrong.  As Kelly slept, his chest tightened.  They would have to talk.  It was an important turning point for both of them.  The more Andrew thought, the surer he became that their involvement, though enjoyable, really needed to end before both of them were hurt, especially Kelly.  After all she had been through he didn’t want to be the one to break her heart.  He owed her that much.  He decided that when she awoke, he would deal with it.  It might ruin their weekend; it would probably hurt them both.  But they had to talk.  Andrew pulled a sleeping Kelly close to him and drifted off himself.
The next morning, Andrew woke up and realized that Kelly wasn’t in his bed anymore.  He walked into the kitchen to find her cooking breakfast.  She turned around and smiled at him.  “You made supper, so I thought I’d do breakfast.  I hope you like omelets.”
“Sounds great,” Andrew said.  He kissed her on the cheek and then went to take a shower.  By the time he showered and dressed, Kelly had breakfast ready.  They chatted while they ate, and Kelly seemed as happy as ever.  Andrew kept his end of the conversation going, but he knew he couldn’t let Kelly leave without talking to her about where they were headed.  After breakfast, Andrew said.  “Let’s leave the dishes.”  He led her to the couch, where they both sat down.  Kelly moved in and kissed him, parting her lips and pulling him toward her.  He put his arms around her for a moment, and then pulled back.  “Kelly, I wanted us to talk for a while.”
“Okay,” she said, crossing her legs on the couch.  “What’s up?”
He took her hand.  “This time with you is…amazing.  I enjoy every minute of it.  But I wanted us to talk about what it all means.  I want to make sure we’re on the same page about all this.”
Kelly looked somewhat guarded.  “I think that’s a good idea.  Why don’t you tell me what page you’re on first?”
Andrew sighed.  “I love being with you.  Our friendship has always been important to me, and I think we’ve gone beyond that now.  But Kelly, I can’t fall for you; I can’t be in love with you.  You’re married, and I know you aren’t going to be the one to leave the marriage.  I understand that, but I can’t let myself get too close.  Do you understand that?”
Kelly looked at her hands and told herself to breathe.  She could understand Andrew’s point of view perfectly, but she also knew it was too late for her to be as detached.  She was already in love with him.  She knew, however, that if things were going to continue, she couldn’t let him know that.  And she needed things to continue.  Finally, she looked up.  “Andrew, I understand, and I feel the same way.  You are very special to me, but I am content to leave things the way they are.  I love being with you, but it doesn’t have to be serious.”  Even as she said it, she knew it wasn’t true, but she couldn’t bear to go down the road that Andrew seemed to be traveling as he talked with her.
Andrew looked at Kelly and smiled sadly.  “Kelly, I want to believe that.  But your eyes and the way you are when we’re together tell a different story.  Do you really think this can go on without you getting hurt?  You need to tell me the truth.”
Kelly’s lip trembled, but she fought the urge to cry.  “Yes, Andrew, I can.”  She leaned forward to kiss him.
Andrew kissed her lightly, but then pulled back, his hand on her face, tracing her lips with his thumb.  “Kelly, I have to know for sure.  Can you live with the distance I have to maintain?  Or are you already beyond that?”
Kelly wanted to reassure him that it was no big deal, but as she looked into his eyes, she knew she couldn’t.  His instincts were correct.  Her feelings for him ran deep, and she was afraid that somewhere down the road her heart would be broken.  Still, she knew she couldn’t lie to him, no matter what it cost her.  “I can’t say I’m not crazy about you.  You have that part right.  But I don’t want to lose this time we have.  I – I think I love you.”  Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she looked away with embarrassment.
Andrew pulled her to him and she laid her head on his shoulder.  “Kelly, you mean the world to me.  I don’t want to hurt you, but that’s what is going to happen if we continue this.  It’s wrong for you and it’s wrong for me.  And, though neither of us wants to face it, it’s just wrong period.  I thought about this most of the night.  It kills me to give you up.  But it might be what’s best for all of us, including your family.”
Kelly tried not to cry, but the tears kept coming.  She stood up and walked away from the couch, standing at a window and hugging her arms to her chest.  After a few moments, Andrew came up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders, pressing his face into her hair and trembling.  “I just don’t know what to do, Kelly.  I want you so much, but…”
His voice trailed away, and Kelly turned around to face him.  She saw tears in Andrew’s eyes too.  Tears and compassion. Very gently, she took his face in her hands and kissed them away.  Mike kissed her, and then they stood there holding each other, knowing this was the last kiss for both of them.  They trembled, wanting to go farther.  But they both knew it would be a mistake.  It would just make the decision to end things that much harder.  After they pulled away from each other, Kelly gathered all her things and walked to the door.  “Andrew,” she said.  “I might need some time.  If we can do it, maybe we could sort of work on the presentation on our own for a while.”
“I understand,” Andrew nodded.  Then he let her walk out the door.  Before she walked down the steps, Andrew pulled her into one last embrace.  “I’m so sorry, Kelly.”
Kelly fought her tears until she was out of Andrew’s driveway.  Then she let them flow freely as she drove home.  One part of her knew that Andrew was right; he was only thinking of her and her heart.  But the other part of her grieved.  She had let Andrew in completely, and it felt as if part of her was tearing away.  Her life seemed emptier than ever; she should never have let herself love him, but how could she not?    He was so caring, so open.  She threw her things on the chair in the den and then went to bed, sleeping off and on until the next morning.
As Kelly opened her email account the next morning, she saw several messages from friends and colleagues, as well as a few junk mail items inviting her to lower her mortgage or buy prescription drugs at a discount.  Her inbox was very full, so Kelly decided to go through and delete the messages she no longer needed.  Interspersed throughout the inbox were some of the emails that Andrew had sent her.  Knowing it was a bad idea, Kelly read each message, feeling her heart breaking again.  She knew she should delete them all, but she just couldn’t, not yet.  Finally she closed her email and lay on the couch, in too much pain to cry.

Chapter 20
“Hey Mom, we’re home!” Mikey and Sam called at about 4:00 on Sunday afternoon.  They ran into the house and jumped on the couch, hugging Kelly and simultaneously telling them about the weekend with Mike’s parents, excited over riding on grandpa’s tractor.  Mike trailed behind them carrying the luggage.  He gave Kelly a quick hug.  “My parents said hi, and that they missed you.”
“So,” Kelly said. “The boys certainly had a good time.”
“They were ecstatic over that tractor ride.  And of course, mom spoiled them with all their favorite foods.  I had trouble dragging them away this morning.  Did you get a lot done this weekend with all this time to yourself?”
“Yes I did.  It was a nice quiet weekend.  I think I’m ready to face the grind again on Monday.  My work is, the house is clean, and I got in some great exercising.”
“Did you get to go out with any friends?  You haven’t done that in a while.”
“Most of my friends were out of town this weekend.  Must be something in the water.” Kelly was about to walk out of the room, but she turned back.  “I’m glad you all are home,” she said and kissed Mike lightly on the lips.
When the boys had settled in for the night, Kelly walked into the den and sat next to Mike.  He was watching television and playing a game on his laptop.  She sat close, and he put his arm around her.  As Kelly sat there, she began to crave affection.  She got up, put on a nightgown, and brushed her teeth.  When she walked into the den, she decided to take a risk.  She kissed gave Mike a long kiss and turned off the television.  “Did I mention I’m glad you’re back?”
Mike smiled at her, but he continued playing his game, not saying anything.  Kelly kissed him again and touched his face.  “I’ll be in the bedroom if you need me.”
Several minutes passed, and Kelly was afraid that Mike wasn’t coming again.  When he did get into bed, he asked her a question.  “What’s going on tonight?”
“What do you mean?” Kelly asked, puzzled.
“I mean, you haven’t seemed to want me near you for weeks.  We haven’t been close.  Now all of a sudden you want me?”
Kelly’s heart sank, and she didn’t know what to say.  “I just missed you.  You’re my husband.  Isn’t that enough reason?”  She scooted closer to him.
Mike sighed and went into the bathroom.  Kelly turned away so that he couldn’t see her tears.  He didn’t want to be with her, he was irritated at the idea.  Then Mike climbed back into the bed and put his hand on the small of her back.  A wave of sadness passed over her.  “It’s okay Mike.  We don’t have to.”
Mike sighed again, annoyed.  “Well, I’ve already taken the pill now.”
He rubbed her back, and then kissed her.  Her heart was so heavy.  He was with her out of duty, not love.  She tried to smile and make things pleasurable for him, but inside her heart was breaking.  She fought to hold back tears as Mike made love to her.  Actually, she thought, it wasn’t making love.  It was a chore for him.
As soon as it was over, Mike pulled on his pajamas and left the room.  Kelly had never felt so empty in her life.  She curled up and hugged her pillow tightly, but sleep wouldn’t come.  Emotionally drained, she cried long and hard.  If that was the way Mike felt about being with her, she would never ask him again
On Monday, Kelly walked around as if she was in a daze.  She had not slept well, and she was still heavy hearted.  She ached with the realization that her needs had become an inconvenience to Mike.  With tremendous effort, she was able to keep her mind focused on work.  When she received the email stating that there would be an impromptu staff meeting at 3:00, she groaned.  Her head was splitting, and her body ached.  A meeting was the last place she wanted to be.
Just before 3:00, the employees began to fill the conference room.  Kelly spoke to several of her friends and found a seat beside Megan.  Andrew came into the conference room, but he took a seat at the other end of the table.
“Hey, did you have a good weekend?” Megan asked.
“Yeah, a great weekend,” Kelly answered.
“Really?”
“Yeah, I got a lot done, and it was nice to have some peace and quiet.  How was the wedding?”
“Oh, you know, it was a wedding.  All the bridesmaid duties kept me pretty busy.  But it was nice, and I got to see a lot of old friends.”
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Bob called them to order.  “The sooner we start the sooner we can all go home, which I know you all would like to do.”  A few agents chuckled.  Bob went on to give them the quarterly report and discuss some new opportunities.  Kelly tried to listen, but she couldn’t concentrate very well.  She did her best not to look at Andrew.  She didn’t want him to think she was completely heartbroken, even thought that was exactly what she was.
After the meeting broke up, Mark walked over to Megan and Kelly.  “How about a quick drink before we all go home?”
“Sounds good to me,” Megan said.  “Kelly?”
Kelly shook her head.  “I better not.  I’ve had a headache all day.  Didn’t get much sleep last night.  But I’ll take a rain check.”
Before she left her office, Andrew came in and closed the door.  “Kelly, are you okay?”
Kelly didn’t look up.  “Sure, I just didn’t get much sleep last night.”
Andrew could tell she was lying, and he moved closer to her.  “Kelly, look at me.”
She turned around, but she looked past him, not wanting to meet his eyes.  “It really is okay, Andrew.  I just have a bad headache.”
“I’m so sorry.  I know I hurt you, but I didn’t want to hurt you even worse down the road.” He wanted to hold her, but he knew it would be impossible to do so at work.  “I care about you.”
Kelly turned around to finish packing her briefcase.  “Andrew, please don’t worry about me.  I’m okay; I appreciate you caring about my feelings.  I just need to get home and sleep off this headache.  I’ll see you tomorrow,” she smiled and left the office.
The television was blaring when Kelly arrived home.  She felt a ringing in her ears, and her head throbbed.  Mike was sitting on the couch, and he looked up at her, concern in his expression.  “You okay?”
“I have such a headache.  I don’t know why.  I think I am going to lie down if that’s okay.”
“Sure, I’ll tell the boys to stay in the front of the house.  Do you need anything?”
“Just some quiet and a dark room, thanks.”
Kelly took off her skirt, shoes, and blouse.  She crawled into the bed in her underwear and pulled the covers over her head.  She could feel the throbbing in her neck, her teeth, and even her hair.  She closed her eyes, and within minutes she was asleep.
“Kelly,” a voice whispered to her across the drowsiness.  “Kelly, are you okay?”  It was Mike, and he looked worried.  He felt her head and said, “You’ve been asleep for four hours.  Do you want anything to eat?”
The thought of food made Kelly sick to her stomach.  “No.  I just want to sleep.  Can you put the boys to bed?”
“Already done.  Let me know if you need anything.”  He kissed her forehead and left the room, closing the door behind him.
In the wee hours of the morning, Kelly awoke.  She was sweating, and tears were rolling down her cheeks.  What was the dream she had?  Why was she crying?  She lay there afraid, unable to fall asleep again.  Her heart pounded, and she turned on the light like she had when she was a little girl.  It did nothing to assuage the unexplainable fear she felt.  “God, please help me to go back to sleep.  Please take this fear away.”
The voice that had been silent for months stirred.  All a man’s ways are right in his own eyes, but the Lord tests the heart.  Kelly rolled over and closed her eyes more tightly.  That wasn’t what she needed.  She needed sleep.  If My people who are called by My name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways…Kelly willed herself to think of something else.  Their hearts are far from me…
“Stop!” Kelly shouted into her pillow.  “Stop.  I need sleep.  I need…Andrew.”  The voice was silent again.

Chapter 21
Something was terribly wrong.  The boundless energy Kelly had enjoyed had become almost more than she could bear.  She lay awake for hours even though exhaustion racked her mind and body.  She felt anxious and tired and troubled.  As she thought about going to work and being “happy” day after day, Kelly wasn’t sure she could make it. Her heart was so heavy, and the whispers she had heard that Monday night were stirring again.  Blocking them out had become almost impossible.  She knew why; she had sinned against God.  But she still didn’t feel remorse.  She didn’t feel ready to repent.  She needed more.
However the most fearsome thing was something Kelly couldn’t even bring herself to think.  She was so tired all the time, and for the past few days she had been queasy.  There was a terrible taste in her mouth, and wearing a bra was painful.  Worst of all, her period was late.  She was never late.  “I’m just stressed.  My schedule is all off and I am too wired.”  She tried to convince herself.  Surely her period would come any day.  It had to come any day.
She and Andrew chatted occasionally at work, and they still enjoyed friendly and sometimes flirtatious banter back and forth.  But he had not mentioned seeing her again, and she didn’t want to bring it up, even though she thought of him often.  They days slipped by, and eventually the day for their presentation was upon them.  They walked nervously down the hall together and entered the conference room.  Then, like flipping a switch, each of them became professional and competent and ready for the task at hand.  Their usual flow was there, and the presentation was impressive enough to win their clients’ approval.  After Kelly returned to her office, she sighed heavily and checked her email.   She saw Andrew’s message from the previous December and read it again.  Then she impulsively sent an email to Andrew.
“Hey, I have an excellent idea of how we can celebrate the success of our proposal.  If you’re interested, just email me and I’ll expound.  Kelly”
Almost immediately, Kelly had a response.
“Tempting, very tempting.  You have no idea how tempting.  But I can’t.  I just can’t justify it.”
What a stupid idea.  Kelly couldn’t believe she had sent the email.  She hid in her office with the door closed until she was sure Andrew had left.  Her heart was jumping wildly, and the anxiety caused her to become short of breath.  Feeling faint and nauseous, she put her head between her knees, but it did no good; the beads of sweat were already forming on her upper lip.  She barely made it to the bathroom before she began vomiting.  For several minutes she sat against the toilet, barely catching her breath before another wave hit.  Stumbling back to her room, she grabbed her purse and drove herself home.  How much longer could she take this endless anxiety and restlessness?
Her answer came the next morning.  It was Saturday, and Kelly did not get out of bed.  Sometime during the night, darkness had overtaken her soul.  She didn’t cry; she only lay in bed, staring at the wall or sleeping.  Mike came in several times.  He was obviously worried.  It wasn’t like Kelly to stay in bed all day.  But he couldn’t get her to tell him what was wrong.  Sunday was the same.  Her entire being just felt so heavy, she couldn’t get out of bed, couldn’t cook, and couldn’t face interaction with another human being.  Finally, Mike came in and sat on the foot of the bed.
“Please tell me what’s wrong, Kelly.”
Kelly felt her lip tremble.  “I don’t know.  I’m just so sad.” She turned her back to Mike.  “I just want to be alone.  I want to sleep.”
“Are you okay to go to work tomorrow?  Maybe you should stay home.  The big presentation is over now.”
“No,” Kelly said.  “There are still details to take care of and a meeting to attend. Maybe if I don’t feel better I can take off tomorrow.  Please just let me sleep.  I’ll feel better tomorrow.”  Mike looked doubtful, but he left the room so she could rest.
Morning came, and Kelly didn’t feel much better, but at least she was cramping.  Relief washed over her.  How silly she had been to worry.  She breathed an idle prayer of relief, chiding herself.  Mike had decided to have a vasectomy after Sam, and he would have known that any baby couldn’t be his.  Kelly took some ibuprofen, got ready, and went to work.  At 10:00 she had a meeting to go to with several other agents.  Halfway through the meeting however, terrible cramps seized her, worse than she ever remembered having and stealing her breath.  She quietly slipped out and went to the bathroom.
What she saw shocked her.  She was bleeding badly.  Very badly.  This was unlike any period she had ever had.  Something was wrong; she knew it instinctively.  With shaking hands, she pulled out her cell phone and called the doctor.  “It’s Kelly Bowling, one of your patients.  I started my period late, and it’s really bad.  I am in terrible pain and bleeding more than I ever have.  I think something is wrong.” The nurse told her to come and that they would work her in.
As Kelly sat in the waiting room, she held her stomach tightly, tears sliding down her face.  She went to the bathroom twice to change, her bleeding was so heavy.  Finally she was called back.
“Kelly, you look very pale,” the nurse said.  “Let me get your vitals, and I’ll try to have the doctor see you right away.  I’d also like to get a urine sample and take some blood” Five minutes later, Dr. Little was in the exam room.
“Hello Kelly.  Tell me what’s going on.”
Kelly suddenly burst into tears.  “I was late, and then I started today.  I hurt so badly, and the blood is coming so fast.  I feel dizzy and terrible.  I don’t know what’s wrong.”
“Let’s take a look”
Dr. Little examined her, looked at the results of the tests, and a shadow crossed his face.  “Kelly, how late are you?”
“A couple of weeks, why?”
“I’m afraid you aren’t having a period.  You’re having a miscarriage.”
The world started spinning.  Kelly felt suffocated.  “I’m going to be sick,” she mumbled.  Quick as a flash, Dr, Little placed a pan under her chin, and she vomited.  Her breath started coming in gulps, and tiny dots began forming before her eyes.  Dr.   Little took away the pan and grabbed a paper bag, dumping the medication samples inside onto the table.  He brought the bag to Kelly’s face, urging her to try to breathe normally.  Finally the dots disappeared and Kelly no longer felt dizzy.
“It’s a very early miscarriage.  I can schedule a D&C for in the morning.”
Kelly panicked.  She couldn’t have surgery.  Mike would know.  He couldn’t know.  No one could.
“Do I have to have a D&C?  Isn’t there another way?”
Dr. Little closed his eyes.  “This early, you could try to go through the miscarriage naturally.  Your body will expel the fetus.  But it may take a couple of weeks for the bleeding to stop.  And it will be painful.  You’ll need to come back here every few days so that I can make sure things are progressing properly.  And if you don’t do it on your own, I will have to do the D&C anyway.”
“That’s what I want to do.  I want to do it naturally.”
Dr. Little let out a sigh.  “If that’s what you want.  I can give you some medicine.  But Kelly, this won’t be pleasant.  You will need to stay in bed.  You need to follow my instructions carefully.  No lifting, nothing strenuous.  Rest and check your bleeding.  If you start having a lot of clotting, you will need to come in right away.”
Somehow Kelly managed to dress and make it to her car.  She locked the door and laid her head against the steering wheel.  Sobs racked her body, and she cried out like a wounded animal.  The physical pain she felt was nothing compared with the tearing she felt in her heart.  She had sinned, she had committed adultery, and now she was losing another man’s baby.  For the first time, she began to see what she had become.
Kelly went straight to bed.  Mike came into the bedroom when he arrived home, and she told him that she was having a very bad period, and the doctor had told her to rest.   Mike didn’t question the information; he just told her to let him know if she needed anything.  After Mike went to bed that night, she decided it was all right to sit up long enough to check her email.  There was a message from Andrew.  Her stomach lurched at the thought of reading it, but she opened it anyway.
“Kelly,
I need to tell you something that has been bothering me for a few weeks.  I made a mistake.  I never should have done what we did.  I have made a lot of mistakes lately, and I am trying to fix my life.  You are a good friend, and I don’t want this to change that.
That being said, I am going to take our little secret to the grave, and I beg you to do the same.  I don’t want to say anything to affect your life, and I would like you to do the same.  I know that girls like to talk, and so you are probably bursting to tell someone.  I know you and Megan are good friends, but please remember that she is my friend too, so please don’t tell her about us.  I hope you understand.  Again, I’m sorry; I feel like I used you, and I never meant to do that.
Andrew”
Kelly’s heart twisted in her chest.  She had the answer to the question that had been in her mind ever since her talk with Andrew on his couch that fateful Saturday.  There would be no more time with Andrew - ever.  It was for the best.  He was right; they had made a mistake, a mistake that had changed her life and broken her body.  However, this latest bit of news was more than she could bear.  She locked herself in the bathroom and turned on the shower to cover up her cries.  Lying in the tub, her body was racked with pain, both physical and emotional.  The cries came from deep within her soul, and she felt lonelier than she ever had.  Mike didn’t want her, Andrew didn’t want her, and she couldn’t bear to think of what she had become and how she had given away her heart. She wanted to die, and she prayed that God would take her.  The idea of her life continuing made her exhausted and desperate.  Death would be a welcome guest.

Chapter 22
It was the second week of June, and Kelly’s body was finally returning to normal.  She still felt weak, but the doctor said her body had done its job.  She was no longer pregnant.  Even though being pregnant and actually carrying the baby would have been the end of life as she knew it, a terrible sadness filled Kelly’s heart.  Whether it was for the best or not, Kelly felt a loss. The affair was wrong, terribly wrong, but the connection she felt with Andrew, especially after finding out they had created a life together, was still painfully real.  She had run into him a couple of times while shopping and they chatted for a few minutes, but Kelly couldn’t let herself be near him for too long.  She felt as if her heart was being torn from her body.  The CD Andrew had given her caused her to sob, but she frequently listened to it, allowing the tears to flow freely.  Subconsciously, she felt the need to punish herself.  And, even though it made no sense, she still longed for Andrew, and she couldn’t let go.
On June 14th, Kelly was reading a book and simultaneously watching television when her cell phone rang.  She answered it on the third ring.
“Hey Kelly, it’s Andrew.”
“Hey,” Kelly said, trying to make her voice sound nonchalant.  “What’s going on?”
Andrew sighed into the phone.  “Well, I was reading the emails we have exchanged and thinking about the spring.  I miss you.  I really want to see you again.”
Kelly’s heart leaped in her chest, but she made herself take a few deep breaths before answering.  “I’d like that.  When do you want to get together?”
“How soon can you be here?” Andrew asked, chuckling.
“Well, Mike’s at work, and I don’t think I can find someone to watch the boys that quickly.  Are you busy tonight?”
“Nope.  What time?”
“How about 6:30?  I’ll even bring us some supper.”
“Don’t worry about the supper.”
As Kelly hung up, she was conflicted.  Her heart had been so heavy and convicted after the miscarriage.  But the pull she felt toward Andrew was stronger than any conviction she felt.  She needed to be with him.  Loneliness had become her greatest companion.  Turning back to her book, Kelly’s heart felt light.  Then the cell phone rang again.
“Kelly, it’s Andrew again.  I hate to do this, but I just can’t meet tonight.  I know it’s wrong, and I just can’t do it.  I’m sorry.”
Kelly was disappointed and, she had to admit, a little irritated.  She felt a rollercoaster of emotions, but she kept her voice light.  “No problem.  I don’t want you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
After they hung up, Kelly cried.  She was acting like a fourteen-year-old.  Having plans and then canceling them was worse than not hearing from Andrew at all.  She needed to talk to him, to clear the air.  She decided to put herself on the line one last time.  This time she wasn’t looking for an intimate encounter.  She just wanted to get things straightened out.  Somewhere inside, she felt that their friendship was on the line; that was, if they had a friendship.
When Mike arrived home, Kelly told him that she would like to go out to dinner with Jenny and Megan.  Mike was glad she was finally feeling better.  He told her to take as long as liked and enjoy the time with friends.  She felt sick; it was so easy to deceive Mike.  When had she become so…evil?
Andrew’s bell rang at 6:45.  He was getting ready to go out with a few friends at 7:30.  He had made sure he had plans so that he wouldn’t change his mind and call Kelly.  Andrew had also deleted every email they had ever sent back and forth, hoping that would quell any temptation he felt.  When he answered the door, he was surprised to see Kelly standing on her doorstep.
“I promise I’m not here to seduce you.  But I think we should talk.”
“I think so too,” Andrew said as he tucked in his shirt.
“Are you about to go somewhere?”
“In a little while.  I have a few minutes.”
Kelly and Andrew sat on the couch.  The two feet of cushion that separated them seemed like miles.  “Andrew, I am sorry that all this has happened.  I never meant for things to get so out of hand.  I know you have felt pressure.  I’m not sure what is wrong with me.”
“Nothing is wrong with you.  Look, Kelly, I really feel badly about all this.  I think when we got together; I may have led you on.  I knew you had strong feelings for me.  I never should have let it go on for so long.  And being together again will just make it harder for both of us.”
“So we go back to being friends?  Or is that even possible?”
“I really want us to be friends, Kelly.  You are important to me.  But I am going to leave that up to you.”
Kelly thought for a second; she was desperate, needing someone, anyone.  She decided to tell a lie that put her heart at risk.  “You didn’t lead me on, Andrew.  I may have given you the wrong impression too.  Even though I care about you, I knew this could never be permanent.  You’re good friend, and I hope this doesn’t sound selfish, but you met a need that has gone unmet for over a year.  It’s still not there, and it probably never will be.  To be honest, the frustration gets so high sometimes.  We women in our late thirties have lots of...hormones.” Kelly tried to smile.
Andrew thought for a moment, and then he smiled at her.  “Well, if you really don’t have the kind of feelings for me that could hurt you, I’d love to help you out,” he smiled.  “Unfortunately, I am supposed to eat with friends in about a half hour, and I can’t call them and cancel without creating suspicion.”
“Well,” Kelly smiled flirtatiously.  “You got any time tomorrow to help me out?”
“I can probably make myself free tomorrow night.  Call me after dinner.”
“Okay,” Kelly said.  “Listen, I’d better get out of here before your friends come.  See you tomorrow.”  Before leaving, she pulled Andrew to her and gave him a kiss that was suggestive of things to come. Since her talk with Andrew had been brief, Kelly decided to do some shopping; she hadn’t done that in a while.  She went to the local dress shop and found a couple of great bargains.  On her way home, Andrew called her cell.
“My friends ended up calling to ask me to wait an hour.  Too bad that didn’t happen while you were here. Tomorrow seems too far away.”
“Oh, well.  Patience is a good thing,” Kelly laughed.
Mike had decided to take the afternoon off the following day, so Kelly didn’t have to try to find a sitter.  At 6:30, she announced that she was going to do some shopping for summer clothes for the kids.  She drove to the fast food restaurant parking lot a few blocks down from Andrew’s apartment and called him.  “Hey, what you up to?”
“Not much,” Andrew replied.  “You?”
“Oh well, just wondering if you still want some company.”
Andrew was silent for a moment.  “Kelly, I am so sorry to do this again.  But I thought about it a lot last night.  I just can’t.  I can’t justify it.  I want to, but I just can’t”
Kelly’s heart fell again, but she acted casual.  “No problem.  I understand.  I was feeling a little wrong about it too,” she lied.  “You know what?  Maybe we should go back to just being non-benefit friends.”
“Sounds like a good idea.  I’m glad you understand.”
“Don’t mention it.  I’m going to get some summer clothes for the kids.  Talk to you later.”
Tears didn’t come, but Kelly felt heavy.  Her mind was swirling.  There was relief that she hadn’t made another mistake.  There was disappointment that she wasn’t going to have the affection she needed.  There was the knowledge that another bit of time together would make it harder to rid her heart of the feelings she had for Andrew.  She decided to clear her mind and concentrate on her shopping.  But the whispers dogged her every step as she walked through the mall.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins.  Your word have I hidden in my heart, that I might not sin against you.  No temptation has seized you except what is common to man.  And God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempting beyond what you can bear; but He will provide a way of escape that you may be able to bear up under it.  Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of you mind….
Verse after verse came at Kelly in her dreams that night.  She felt as if she was losing her mind.  The driving, restless energy was back, stealing her sleep and compelling her to move, to talk.  She was aware that she was becoming overbearing, irritable.  The roller coaster of emotion was more than she could take.  She just couldn’t do it anymore.  Was it the antidepressant?  Was it the mitral valve prolapse?  What could be wrong with her?  A visit to the doctor was definitely in order.
The next day, Kelly was sitting in a doctor’s office again, wondering why her body seemed to be rebelling against her.  Her knees juggled and she looked through a magazine, anything to occupy her racing mind.  Waiting for her name to be called was driving her to distraction.  It had only been ten minutes, but it felt like an eternity.  Finally, a nurse came to the door and said, “Kelly Bowling.”
The nurse weighed her, took her blood pressure, and asked her what her symptoms were.  Kelly told her about the changing moods, the exhausting drive, the dark sadness, and the continual roller coaster that had drained her for nearly a year.  Then she was lead to an examination room where she waited again.  Feeling restless, she paced around the room, looking at the charts and reading the information on the walls.
“Well, Kelly,” the doctor said as he entered and closed to door.  “The nurse tells me you’ve been bouncing from mood to mood.
Once again, Kelly recounted the symptoms that were worrying her.  Then, wanting to be completely honest and knowing she was protected by the confidentiality, she told him about her marriage, her fears, and her affair.  The doctor left for a moment and came in with a clipboard.
“Kelly, I am going to give you these questionnaires, and I want you to rate yourself and your moods.  When you are done, we will discuss them.  I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
The surveys were full of questions about her sleep patterns, her feelings, and her behaviors.  As she looked down the list, she realized that she had almost every symptom on the list, that she had for some time.  On a scale of one to four, she marked three or four for each statement.
Dr. Little came back in and looked over her questions.  Then he asked her several questions about her family history, her early adulthood, and her overall moods.  After a barrage of questions, he laid down his clipboard and scooted closer to her.
“Kelly, based on what you have told me, I believe I may know what is wrong.  Have you ever heard of bipolar disorder?”
Kelly’s throat went dry.  “Is that like manic depression?”
“Yes it is.  Bipolar is what it is called now.  You have the classic symptoms.”
“Why is it so bad now?  I have never felt this bad before.”
“Sometimes when someone with underlying bipolar takes antidepressants, it triggers a manic episode.  Your manic symptoms became very pronounced a few weeks after you started taking antidepressants.  I am sure that you have bipolar disorder.”
Tears filled Kelly’s eyes.  “What can I do about it?”
“I’m going to take you off of your current antidepressant and begin giving you a drug called Seroquel.  I’ll give you a sample dose pack.  The dosage gradually increases from 25 milligrams to 100 milligrams.  I want you to make an appointment to come back in three weeks to see how you are doing.”
With a bag of medicine and an appointment card, Kelly left the doctor’s office.  She still felt numb.  It was somewhat of a relief to know what had been wrong with her all these months.  But being told she had an actual mental illness was a devastating blow.  What would her family say?  What would her church say?  She decided that only her immediate family would know.  She was afraid of what others’ reactions would be, afraid that her friends would shy away from her.  Just like her adultery and her miscarriage, her illness would be a closely guarded secret.

Chapter 23
It was July, and the mania was gone.  The Seroquel made Kelly drowsy, and that meant better sleep.  The rest helped her body restore itself, and Kelly began to feel some sense of normalcy for the first time in a long while.  The only thing that hadn’t changed was the incessant whispering of the Holy Spirit.  The events of the first part of the summer had left Kelly broken, and God was using that brokenness to draw her back to Himself.  For the first time in nearly a year, Kelly allowed herself to consider the truth of God’s whispers.  However, something in her still resisted, rebelled.  She couldn’t let go of the memories of her time with Andrew and the inward connection she still felt with him.  The words of a keynote speaker at one of the youth retreats she attended burned in her memory.  He had told the teenagers that God had created sex for several purposes:  procreation, enjoyment between a husband and wife, and that one-flesh bond that connects them.  He explained that when two people come together, that connection occurs.  And, in order to break it, a little of oneself had to be lost.  That was one of the reasons that it was so important to wait for marriage.  No one wanted their heart spread among several people.  Kelly understood now what the speaker had been trying to say.  She had taken a gift from God and experienced in a way that was not His will, and now her heart was torn.  But still she felt divided between the memories and the need to repent.
Resistance to God’s voice was taking its toll.  Kelly’s heart became heavier and heavier.  A deep sadness engulfed her.  Her heart was split between hanging on to the experience and finally surrendering.  She couldn’t choose even though she knew she had to.
On a Saturday near the end of July, the answer came in the simplest of ways.  Kelly was on her way to the grocery store listening to a new CD.  A song began playing that pierced the hardness of Kelly’s heart:
We’ve hidden all our failings, hoping God will never see,
And still his mercy reaches past
To break our chains and make us free
Kelly’s heart began to cry out, the truth finally thawing the coldness in her soul.
Return to him, fall into his waiting arms,
Finally laying down your broken heart.
Kelly began to crumble.  She drove into the Kroger parking lot, and once again she found herself locked in a car, sobbing from somewhere deep inside her being.  She couldn’t do this, couldn’t go through it alone.  So she called a friend she hadn’t talked to in months.  She called Karen.  Karen was five years older than Kelly.  She was open and godly and real.  Karen was the only friend she had who would tell her the truth in love no matter what
“Hello,” Karen answered the phone on the third ring.
“Hi, Karen, it’s Kelly.”
“Hey, stranger, it’s good to hear your voice.  What’s new?”
Kelly tried to answer.  Instead, fresh tears came, and a small sob escaped.
“What’s wrong Kelly?” Karen voice was filled with concern.
“Karen,” Kelly managed to choke out, “I need h-h-help.  I need someone to talk to.”  She broke down again.
Karen spoke softly.  “It’s okay.  I’m here to listen.  Take your time.  Cry it out if you need to.  I’ll stay on the line.”
For a few minutes, Kelly continued to cry.  She fought to regain her composure.  “Karen, I have to tell someone.  It’s so horrible.  I’m so horrible.”
“Slow down, Kelly.  You are not horrible.  No matter what has happened, you are not horrible.”
With that, Kelly spilled the entire story: the moodiness, the anger at Mike, the diagnosis, and, finally, the affair.
Karen was silent for a moment.  “Kelly, God loves you.  Nothing ever changes that.  In your heart you must know that.  Does Mike know about the affair?”
“No,” Kelly whispered.  “I can’t tell to tell him.  It would crush him.  I can’t do that to him.

“Kelly, I’m going to tell you this because I love you.  You need to tell Mike.  God cannot truly work in your life or your marriage until you confess to Him and to your husband.  You have already hurt him – you had an affair.  This will eat you away if you don’t come clean.
Kelly began to cry softly.  Then she said shakily, “I’m so afraid of what will happen.”
“Oh, Kelly…I can’t imagine how hard this is for you.”  There were tears in Karen’s voice.  “I’ll help you however you need me to.  I’ll watch the kids, I’ll be with you when you tell him, I’ll pray.”
“I need to think.  I’m not ignoring what you said.  My mind is so jumbled.  I have to think all through all of this.”
“And pray, Kelly.  Don’t forget to pray.”
“How can I pray after all I have done?  How can I ask God for help?”
“God’s love is everlasting.  You’re His child, Kelly.  He’s waiting for you to come to Him.”
Kelly sighed.  “Thanks you so much, Karen.  I’ll think about what you said, and I’ll pray.  Please pray for me.”
“I will.  Love you, Kelly.”
“You too,” Kelly said.  She dried her eyes, wiped her face, and went into Kroger to buy groceries.
Karen’s words haunted Kelly throughout the day and into the night.  She thought about the truth of what Kelly said.  The thought of telling Mike terrified her.  He would never forgive her.  She had known Mike since college.  When someone let him down, he rarely forgot.  It wasn’t that he carried a grudge exactly.  But forgiveness was hard for him.  If those people couldn’t be forgiven, how could she? Exhausted and desperate, she finally cried out to God.
“God, I have no right to talk to you.  I have done so many terrible things.  I’ve sinned against you; I’ve sinned against my family.  I need your help.  Karen says I should confess the affair to Mike.  Thought of him knowing…I don’t know what to do, Lord.  Please help me, please.”  She held her breath and waited for an answer.
Confess your sins to one another…the truth shall set you free…
Kelly trembled at the thought of telling Mike what she had done, but for the first time, she was more afraid of what would become of her life if she didn’t.  She had her answer; and even in the midst of her fear, she knew that telling Mike would be an act of obedience to God.  Kelly fell asleep praying, asking God for the strength to do what she needed to do.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me…my God shall supply all your needs according to his riches in glory…Be anxious for nothing…From whence cometh my help?  My help comes from the Lord…
Even as she slept, God’s words swept over her, giving her the smallest glimpse of peace.  The next morning, after Mike had left for work, Kelly called Karen.
“Karen, its Kelly.”
“Kelly, I was just praying for you.  You were on my heart all night.”
“God heard your prayers, Karen.  And mine.  I know I have to tell Mike.  I have to tell him tonight, before I am too afraid to follow through with my promise.”
“Is there anything, anything at all that I can do to help, Kelly?  What do you need?”
“Could you watch the kids at your house?  They can’t be here when I talk to Mike.”
“Yes, of course.  Bring them over whenever you need to.  I’ll keep them here as long as you need me to.  If they need to, they can spend the night.”
Kelly began to cry softly.  “Thank you so much.  I’m so afraid, so afraid I won’t be able to do this.”
“Kelly, could I pray for you right now?”
“Please,” Kelly whispered hoarsely.
“Lord Jesus, I come to you on behalf of Kelly. Please wrap your arms around her and give her reassurance that she is doing your will.  She is so afraid, Lord.  Please comfort her and give her peace.  Help her to have the words to say when she talks to Mike.  Please soften his heart and help him to be able to forgive Kelly.  Help them both Lord.  Strengthen them.  Help them to feel your love and presence tonight.  Do a miracle in their hearts and in their marriage.  In Jesus’ name, amen.”
Kelly thanked Karen again and hung up the phone.  While Karen was praying for her, Kelly had felt better.  But now, sitting on the couch, she felt a dread settle over her.  She would tell Mike, but before she did, she knew there was a phone call she needed to make.  Shakily, she dialed the number.
“Hey, this is Andrew.”
“Andrew, it’s Kelly.”
“Kelly, how are you?  I haven’t heard from you in a while.  What going on?”
“Andrew, there’s something I need to tell you, and it won’t be easy to hear.  You may be angry with me, and I don’t blame you.  But God has gotten hold of my heart, and I have to obey him.”
“What is it, Kelly?  Whatever it is, you can tell me.”
Kelly paused, fighting the urge to cry.  “The guilt is weighing so heavy on me.  No matter how bad my marriage to Mike may have gotten, he is still my husband, and I need to learn to love him the way God wants me to.  I want God to restore our marriage, and there is something I have to do if that is going to happen.”
Andrew was silent for a moment, and then he sighed a deep sigh.  “You’re going to tell him, aren’t you?”
“I have to.  I have cried and thought and prayed about this.  I will never be able to be close to Mike with this thing between us, this huge, awful secret.”
“Are you going to tell him who?”
“I don’t know.  But Andrew, if he asks, I will tell him the truth.  I’m so sorry.  So sorry I pursued you, so sorry for what we did, so sorry that I am breaking our confidence.”
“Kelly, I understand.  I want you to be able to fix your marriage if you can.  I guess I should have known that we couldn’t make that kind of mistake and not have some consequences.”
“Thanks for understanding.  Listen, I shouldn’t talk too long.”
“Kelly, I’m sorry too.  No matter what you told me, I think I knew you had feelings for me.  I am sorry if I hurt you.”
Suddenly, Kelly wanted him to know about the miscarriage.  She thought he needed to know.  “Andrew, there’s something else I think need to say, something that might explain why I have had such a hard time.  I don’t really know how to say it.”
“Does it really need to be said?” Andrew asked.  There was anxiety in his voice; it was obvious he didn’t want to hear what she had to say.
Kelly thought for a moment and then changed her mind.  Knowing about the pregnancy wouldn’t change anything.  “No, I guess it really doesn’t.  Goodbye Andrew.”
“Maybe we can be friends in time.  Not right away.  A few years ago another friend and I did something pretty awful.  It took a year, but we finally became friends again.  Maybe that can happen with us.”
“Maybe so,” Kelly said, even though she knew that would never happen.  Mike would never want her to see Andrew again.  “Well, take care.”  And she hung up the phone.

Chapter 24
Mike walked in the door at 5:15.  The boys had been at Kathy’s since 4:30, and Kelly had spent most of that time praying.  She had put a casserole in the oven, and it was ready when Mike got home.  She knew he needed time to eat and unwind and decompress from a long day’s work.  Even though her heart was jumping around and she wanted to get the awful task over with, she gave Mike the time he needed.
As he ate, Mike told her about some new developments in the business.  He was being given the opportunity to expand, and grew excited as he continued to talk about the possibilities.  Kelly was happy for him, but the longer he talked, the greater her anxiety became.  He finally lost steam and began flipping through the channels on the television.  Kelly took a deep breath and began.
"Mike, can I talk to you for a few minutes?  I really need to talk about something.”
Mike looked concerned. “What’s wrong, Kelly?  Are you sick?  Is there something wrong with your medicine?”
“No, nothing like that.  It’s a long story, and it’s really hard to say…”
“Tell me Kelly.”
“Well, I have this friend.  Just an acquaintance for a while.  But we started spending more time together.  We had a lot in common.  We ended up starting to feel attracted to each other.  Then, last spring, we…” She felt powerless to continue.
“Kelly, did you have an affair?”
“Yes, I did.  I am so sorry.  I have sinned against God and you.  I won’t blame you if you hate me or if you walk out that door.  I can’t believe I did this to you.”
Mike paused for a moment.  “It was Andrew, wasn’t it?”
Kelly looked up.  She guessed she shouldn’t have been surprised that he knew.  Andrew was really the only person it could be.  “Yes, it was.”
“How long, Kelly? How long did it last?”
“A month or so.”
Mike closed his eyes for a moment.  “I was always afraid this would happen, especially the past couple of years.  I knew that something like this would eventually happen.  And I suspected that Andrew was attracted to you.  I think I even remember telling you that.”
“I know, but I didn’t believe it then.  I just thought you were paranoid.  I’m still not sure it was true that long ago.  But the main thing is I did this horrible thing.  I am so afraid you will leave me, but I know I can’t expect you to stay.”
Mike was silent for a moment, and she knew he was crying.  He asked her a few questions, and she began feeling as if she was living a dream, a nightmare.  She pulled her knees up and wrapped her arms tightly around them.  She wanted to cry, but she was too numb.  Then something amazing happened.  Mike reached out and pulled him over to his side of the couch.  He put his arms around her and laid her head on his shoulder.
Kelly began to cry softly.  She had devastated Mike, betrayed him in the worst way, and he was comforting her?  How could she have doubted him all this time?  How could she have thrown away their marriage in exchange for something so meaningless and empty?  Her heart was breaking all over again, and she knew Mike’s was as well.  They sat like that for a long time.  Mike asked her a few more questions, but he seemed too numb and drained to react much.
“Where are the kids, Kelly?”
“They are at Karen’s house.  I didn’t want them to be here when I told you.”
“How long have they been there?”
“I dropped them off at 4:30.”
“Well,” Mike sighed.  “It’s almost 9:00.  I think you should go get them.  We can talk after they go to sleep.”
After Kelly left, Mike sat on the couch in silence.  As the truth of what Kelly had told him sank in, he felt a physical pain that grew worse as the minutes passed.  A cry came from deep inside him.  He leaned his elbow on the arm of the couch, put his head in his hand, and wept.  Kelly returned with the boys a few minutes later, and Mike left the room, he didn’t want Sam and Mikey to see him crying.  They were wired from playing with Karen’s children, and it took them nearly an hour to wind down.  Finally, at 10:30, they were asleep, and Kelly came back into the den and sat on the couch.  Her eyes looked tired and empty, but Mike had a hard time feeling any sympathy for her.
“Kelly, have you taken your medicine?”
“No.  It makes me drowsy, and I don’t want to be sleepy when we probably need to talk.”
“Kelly, why don’t you go ahead and take it.  I just can’t talk right now.  It’s too much.  We can talk in the morning.  I’m not going to work tomorrow.  I can’t”
“Okay,” Kelly said.  She took her medicine and settled back into the couch. She stared at her hands, her shoulders slumped.  Mike sat in silence too.  Finally, Kelly became drowsy, and her eyes were heavy.
“Kelly, before you go to bed, I need to ask you something. I want all of the passwords to every email account you have.  And I want your cell phone.”
Kelly rattled off the passwords and got her phone out of her purse.  She looked at him for a long moment.  “I am so sorry, Mike.”  Then she went to bed.  The Seroquel and the emotionally draining task of confession had left her exhausted.  She fell asleep almost immediately.  At approximately 2:00 am, Kelly felt herself being shaken awake.  Mike was sitting on the bed, hurt and anger etched across his face.  In his hand he held several sheets of paper.
“How about explaining these,” he said, his voice clipped.  Kelly sat up and began reading.  They were the emails that had been exchanged between her and Andrew. As Kelly read them, she felt sick to her stomach and imagined how much the emails must have hurt Mike.
“So,” Mike said, his voice rising slightly, “This was not a case of some guy going after my wife.  You pursued him.  You practically seduced him, didn’t you?’
Kelly started to protest, to tell Mike about the compliments, the tension that cut both ways, the innuendos.  But she knew she had no right.  Mike was correct.  In the final analysis, she was the one who made the first move.
“You need to answer me Kelly.  Did you make the first move?”
“I made the first verbal move,” She answered.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“I mean, I brought it up first.  But the first time I went to his house, he was the one who made the first physical move.”
“That doesn’t matter Kelly.  He never would have made a physical move if you hadn’t made it plain you wanted him to.  In fact, you probably wouldn’t have even been there in the first place.”
“I’m so sorry Mike.”
“You keep saying that.  You need to stop.  I don’t care if you’re sorry.  You betrayed me.  You hurt me.  I’m not ready to hear you say you’re sorry.  In fact, I’m not ready to talk to you anymore at all.  Since you seem to have no trouble sleeping, just go back to sleep.” With that, he walked out the door and closed it behind him.
Mike returned to the bedroom two more times that night with more questions.  Kelly did her best to fight the exhaustion that had overtaken her and answer them.  She knew if she lied to him at all, he would be gone before morning.  Even after the questions ended, Mike did not come to bed.  When Kelly awoke the next morning, she found Mike in the guest bedroom asleep, his laptop lying open beside him.
That day, there was heaviness in the house.  Even Mikey and Sam noticed it, and they tread carefully, spending as much time in the back yard as possible.  Mike didn’t speak to Kelly at all except to ask her more questions.  Kelly didn’t speak at all except to answer them.  She wondered if she had made the right decision in telling Mike.  He was so hurt.  They would never be the same.  They would never be able to recover from such a blow.  Still, she knew that she had to tell him.  She had to give him the opportunity to leave if he wanted to leave.  That was what she deserved.  Kelly took a shower just to clear her mind, and when she dressed and walked back into the den, Mike was on the phone, crying.  He saw her and hung up after a few more seconds.
“Who was that?” Kelly asked softly.
“I called my mother.  I needed to talk to someone.”
Kelly’s heart dropped.  She couldn’t believe he had told his parents.  But then again, they had a right to know how she had betrayed their son.
“Don’t you want to know what they said?”
“If you want to tell me,” Kelly answered her voice small.
Mike laughed an angry laugh.  “After Mom told me how sorry she was and that she would be praying for me, she actually said, ‘I told you that you didn’t need to be taking Kelly for granted.  I was afraid that something like this might happen.’  She acted like it was my fault.”
“It’s not your fault, Mike.  It’s mine.  I am the one who cheated.  I am the one who deceived you.  I am the one who betrayed our marriage.”
“You’re right, Kelly. You are.  I wonder, though, how sorry you really are.  I haven’t seen you cry once since you told me.  It’s like now that it’s off your chest, you feel fine.”
“I don’t feel fine.  I feel so terrible.  For some reason I just feel numb.  I want to cry.  It just won’t come.”
“Whatever,” Mike said.  He picked up his car keys and headed toward the door.
“Where are you going?”
“I don’t know Kelly.  I don’t know.”  He walked out and slammed the door.  Kelly curled up into a tight ball.  The past couple of days’ conversations kept replaying in her mind.  In addition to Mike’s questions and accusations, Kelly had learned something else that broke her heart.  Mike had never cheated on her.  His passwords were changed because every time he had a birthday, he changed his age at the end.  The pills were missing because the doctor had recommended taking two or three without acting on them to see if he experienced an unsafe drop in blood pressure.  There was a logical explanation for all of Kelly’s suspicions.  This made her feel even worse about what she had done.  She had used her suspicions to try to justify her choices, and they weren’t even true.  She was disgusted with herself.
The next several days were like a fog of pain.  She had told Bob she had the flu and would be out the rest of the week.  Mike had sought her out several times, actually wanting to touch her, and though it made her feel safety in his love, it also pierced her heart that he would want to touch her after what she had done.  But she clung to those times for dear life, hoping against hope that Mike would stay.  Time was not on their side, however, and before Kelly knew it, she had to return to work.  Even though she knew Andrew wouldn’t be working with her, she dreaded going back.  The first few days were absolute torture, but she found a way through until the weekend.  Maybe when she began her next assignment she would be able to focus.
Mike had become distant again, and she knew he was struggling with all of this emotions.  He was angry; he was hurt; and he was afraid.  He was afraid that he might never be able to forgive Kelly.  How could he?  He knew that if he ever did something like that, she would be out the door.  He also knew that her manic episodes had contributed to her vulnerability.  But she had still made a choice.  This scared Mike most of all.  Was he going to have to deal with this type of thing every time she was manic?  That was something he could never handle.  The first couple of weeks after Kelly told him there were times he wanted to be with her so badly.  He was so afraid of losing her.  Now he couldn’t imagine touching her after Andrew had touched her.  Part of him wanted details, but he knew that he wouldn’t be able to deal with them.  He spent a lot of time thinking, wondering what would happen to them.  As time went on, he saw Kelly spiraling downward, but he was too hurt to be much comfort.  He felt himself slipping into despair as well.  Eventually, they both retreated into their own worlds, in too much pain to do anything else.

Chapter 25
Kelly was drowning.  It was the middle of the week, and she didn’t know how she could continue with work and life and regret.  Each morning Kelly didn’t think she could face going to work, but she had no choice.  She was shrouded in a terrible darkness.  Placing her head on her desk that Wednesday, she let her body go limp and allowed the despair to settle over her.  There were no tears, only an aching emptiness.  Though none of her colleagues knew, Kelly felt like Hester Prynne in Nathaniel Hawthorne’s classic; she felt as if she had a scarlet “A” on her chest.
Sitting there alone in her office, a realization began to take root in Kelly’s mind.  She didn’t have the strength for this: the guilt, the darkness, and the chore of continuing her life.  She was so tired, more tired than she had ever been in her life.  She needed peace.  She needed it to end.  And so a plan began to take form.  Kelly’s prescription for Seroquel was running low; she could probably get the next refill.  If she worked late, she could finish the assignments she had been given.  There was a hotel on the way to Roswell, a small one that Mike had probably never noticed.  Kelly could leave on a Saturday, saying she was going to the grocery store, but instead she would drive to the hotel.  After she checked in, she would lock the door, unplug the phone, turn on the television, and take the entire bottle of Seroquel.  By the time the maid managed to get in the next day, it would be over.  And if she did it at a hotel, her family wouldn’t have to be the ones to discover her body.
Kelly mulled over her plan, finding comfort in the promise of relief for her pain.  All she needed to do was complete it would be to write several notes: one to Mike and the boys, one to each of their families, and one to Andrew.  The letter to Andrew would be the most difficult because Mike was checking her email regularly.  How would she send it to him?  She thought.  Of course!  She could place it on his desk before she left work.  Kelly typed the letter on her computer, printed it, deleted it, and then emptied her recycle bin.  She placed it in an envelope wrote Andrew’s name on the outside.  On her way out of the offices, she slipped into Andrew’s office and placed the envelope on his computer keyboard.  She wasn’t concerned about Mike finding out; she had made it very clear to Andrew in the letter that she was terrified of what Mike would do if Mike found out she had written to Andrew.  All of this took place on Wednesday afternoon.
Kelly spent most of the day in her office on Thursday.  She wasn’t sure if Andrew had ready her letter yet, and she hoped that she wouldn’t be around when he did.  She spent the day preparing all of the things she had to do for the next couple of weeks.  Just in case she went forward with her plan, someone else would be able to step in and easily pick up where she had left off.  She tried everything possible to keep her mind occupied so that she wouldn’t think about what was coming after work – the dreaded doctor’s appointment
One of the things that Mike had asked her to do was to get tested for sexually transmitted diseases.  It was something he had every right to ask, but Kelly still felt dirty, and she dreaded telling her doctor.  Kelly slipped out of the office so that she could be on time for her 3:15 appointment.  She picked up the boys early because their teacher had somewhere she needed to go that afternoon.  The doctor was behind in seeing patients, so Kelly sat there for forty-five minutes, her boys contently playing their handheld games.  Finally, Kelly’s name was called, and she braced herself to tell the doctor.
He listened quietly and then told her that he needed to take some blood and to examine her.  Kelly could see the pity on his face.  The nurse’s face reflected the same pity as she took Kelly’s blood and observed as the doctor examined her.  Kelly was so humiliated; she felt like a prostitute.  The doctor sent her away with a pat on the shoulder and reassurance of speedy test results.  Once Kelly got to the car, she blinked back her tears and called Mike for moral support.
“Hello,” Mike said his voice heavy.
“I’m on my way home from the doctor, Mike.  It was pretty awful, but they should have the results soon.”
Mike didn’t respond.
“Mike, are you okay?  You seem a little strange.”
“Have you written any letters lately?”
Kelly felt a moment of panic, and then she lied.  “I don’t understand, Mike. I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Then why did I just get an email from Andrew telling me you had written him a letter?”
Kelly felt as if she was falling.  Her mouth was dry and she felt dizzy.  She didn’t know what to say, how to answer.  After a full minute of silence, Mike slammed down the phone.  Kelly drove around with the boys in the back seat, trying to figure out what she should do.  She called Mike again, and he answered on the fourth ring.
“What do you want?!” he asked.  He uttered an expletive and hung up again.
After driving around for several more minutes, Kelly pulled into a drugstore parking lot.  Her whole body was shaking.  She was afraid to go home, afraid of what Mike might do.  She jumped when her cell phone range.
“Where are you?” Mike’s voice was low and controlled.
“I’m sitting in the CVS parking lot.”
“Come home,” Mike said through clenched teeth.  “Now.”
Kelly’s voice broke.  “I’m - I’m afraid to come home.”
“I really don’t care.  Come home now or I’m gone.  My bags are packed.”
“But…what will you do?  What’s going to happen?”
“Get here now, or me leaving is what’s going to happen!” Mike shouted.
So Kelly drove toward home.  The boys were in the car, and she had nowhere else to go – at least not yet.  As soon as Kelly, Mikey, and Sam walked through the door, Mike said, “Boys, stay in your room and play video games.  Your mom and I need to talk.”  The boys exchanged worried glances and did as he said.
Kelly sat on the edge of the chair farthest from Mike.  She hugged her purse to her chest and looked at the floor, she couldn’t look at Mike.  She felt the weight of his anger even before he spoke.  She felt a twinge of anger herself.  Not at Mike, but at Andrew.  She couldn’t believe that he had told Mike after she had made it clear how afraid she was?  Did he enjoy the thought of Mike’s wrath; did he really hate her that much?
“Why?  Why after I asked you not to, after you promised me you wouldn’t?”
“I’m sorry Mike.  I needed…I needed to apologize to Andrew.  Needed to let him know it was all my fault.”
“So what you’re saying is, telling Andrew how you felt was more important than keeping your promise to me.”
“No, I didn’t want to break it…I just…I just needed to close things up.”
“Well, your little plan didn’t work.  Andrew didn’t take your letter too well.”
“What did he say?”
“Let me read it to you,” Mike chuckled.  “Here it is:  ‘Mike, thank you for doing as I asked and not contacting me.  I received a letter from your wife today.  She can tell you about the contents.  Please ask you wife not to contact me again.  Andrew’” Mike looked at Kelly triumphantly.
Kelly felt sick.  “Your wife,” Andrew had said.  He wouldn’t even say her name.  He hated her just like Mike hated her, just like their families hated her.  She couldn’t survive all that hate, even if she deserved it.  She made the final decision sitting on the edge of the chair.  It was Thursday.  She would find a way to make it through Friday.  Then she would go to the hotel on Saturday and free all of the people she had hurt.  Her demeanor changed in that moment. In light of this decision, Kelly was able to look at Mike and remain calm.
“I can’t trust you, Kelly.  You betrayed me by sleeping with another man, and then you contacted him after you promised not to.  What’s worse, I asked you directly and you lied to me.  Are you really repentant?  Are you in love with him?  Do you even care if we stay together?”
Mike’s barrage of questions didn’t disrupt the calmness that had settled over her.  It would end soon.  He could go on, and her pain would be over.  “I am sorry Mike.  No, I am not in love with Andrew.  I don’t want Andrew.  I want you to be better, to be free of this hurt I have caused you.  I want everyone to be free of the hurt I caused.”
Mike looked at her intently.  How could she be so calm after she had just betrayed him again? There was something wrong.  Kelly seemed too calm, almost resigned.  “Kelly, what are you thinking?”
“Nothing.  I just want to make things right.  I want you and the kids to be happy.  You deserve better than this. I know what has to be done.  I just need to do it.”
Mike looked puzzled, and then a realization began to dawn on him.  “Kelly, where is your new prescription?”
“What do you mean?” Kelly asked, trying not to let her expression or body language betray her.
“Answer my question.  Where are the pills?”
Kelly couldn’t answer; she looked at the floor again.  In an instant, Mike grabbed her keys from the coffee table and ran outside.  Kelly didn’t move.  He came back in with a pharmacy bag.  “Kelly, what are you doing?  What is this?”
Kelly didn’t answer for a moment.  Then she raised her head with tears in her eyes.  “I just want to stop hurting everyone…”
“And you’re going to kill yourself?  You think that will stop you from hurting everyone?”
Kelly began to cry.  It was all falling apart, her marriage, her sanity, her plan to end the suffering.  Why wasn’t she allowed to end the pain?
“I’m calling the doctor now,” Mike said.  Kelly heard him in the next room.  “Dr. Little, Kelly had a stash of pills under her seat.  She has been depressed over our problems, and she says that she wants to end our pain.  I think she is suicidal…  Yes, I’ll put her on the phone.”  Mike handed her the phone.  “Please talk to him, Kelly.”
“Kelly,” Dr. Little asked her gently.  “Have you been thinking about harming yourself?”  Kelly began sobbing so hard that couldn’t answer.  “Kelly, Mike thinks you have a plan to kill yourself.  Tell me the truth.  Is this something you have been planning?”
Kelly continued to sob, her cries echoing through the house.  “I just want it to end.  I can’t do it.  I can’t stand to keep hurting everyone.”
“Don’t you think that harming yourself will hurt them too?”
“No, not after the shock.  They will be so much better.  And I can have peace.  I am so tired, so awful.”
“Kelly, what else did you do besides hide your pills?  Did you make any other plans?”
With the doctor’s coaxing, Kelly spilled her plan, the paperwork, the letters she would write, and the hotel.  As Mike listened to her talk to the doctor, he fell onto the couch and put his head in his hands.
“Kelly, I think that Mike needs to take you to the emergency room.   Are you willing to go to the emergency room?”
“I don’t know.”
“Could you put Mike back on the phone?”  She handed the phone to Mike.  “Mike, it’s Dr. little.  I am very concerned about Kelly.  I have asked her to go to the emergency room.  She doesn’t know if she wants to do this, but I think it’s important that she gets help immediately.  Do you think you can convince her?”
Mike put the phone down and slid to his knees beside Kelly where she lay crumpled on the floor.  “Please, Kelly.  Please don’t do this.  Please let me take you to the emergency room.  I don’t want to lose you,” Mike choked out.  He put his arms around Kelly and pulled her to him, holding her tightly.
Primal, inhuman cries came from deep inside Kelly.  She shook furiously, clinging to Mike for dear life.  Finally, she nodded, and went limp in Mike’s arms.  Mike picked up the phone.  “She says she’ll go.”
“I’ll meet you all there.”
Mike placed Kelly on the couch and covered her with a blanket.  She continued to cry softly.  He called Karen and asked her to come over to watch the kids; told Karen that Kelly was suicidal.  Within minutes, Karen was at the door.  “Thank you Karen,” Mike said.  His face looked haggard, and fear haunted his eyes. “I’ll tell the kids we have to go somewhere for a while.  Would you stay with Kelly?”
Mike went back to the boys’ room.  “Mikey, Sam, Mommy is feeling really sick, and I am going to take her to the hospital.”
Mikey’s eyes grew large.  “Is Mommy going to die?”
“No, Mikey, Mommy is not going to die.  We are taking her to the hospital so she can get all better.  Mrs. Karen is going to baby-sit you while we are seeing the doctor.”
Karen sat on the couch beside Kelly and took her hand.  Kelly looked up at her, tears sliding down her face.  Karen’s heart broke.  Kelly’s eyes looked dead from pain.  As Kelly continued to cry, Karen whispered to her, “Shhh.  It’s going to be okay.  God loves you.  He will wrap His arms around you right now.  We all love you; we all need you, all of us.”
Mike helped Kelly into the car.  He drove faster than usual, feeling urgency to get Kelly somewhere where she would be safe from herself.  Kelly stopped crying and laid her head against the window.  She looked as if she was slowly dying inside.  Her face was slack, and when Mike took her hand, it was cold and lifeless.  He pressed the pedal harder, begging God to help them, to keep Kelly safe.
Dr. Little was already there when Kelly and Mike arrived.  He had a wheelchair ready, and Mike helped Kelly sit in it.  She stared blankly ahead as they took her to triage.  The nurse took her blood pressure, pulse, and temperature.  “Now, Mrs. Bowling, can you tell me what happened today?”
Kelly wanted to talk, but no words would come.  She was paralyzed.  She looked at Mike with hollow eyes, willing him to understand.
“Well, Kelly was recently diagnosed with Bipolar.  She had a manic episode in April, and while she was manic…she had an affair with a coworker.  We’ve, well, we’ve had a hard time since she told me a couple of weeks ago.  I knew that Kelly was depressed.  All sorts of things seemed to just collide today.  I found some pills under her seat, and she had planned lessons and begun writing letters to people.  She had a plan to go to a hotel and take all the pills.  I’ve never seen her like this.”
The nurse made notes, spoke to the attending physician, and Kelly and Mike were led to a small room.  There was an examination table stripped of the instruments, stirrups, and other paraphernalia.  The table had no sheet and no pillow.  There was a folding chair, but there was no other furniture or items in the room.  Kelly climbed up onto the bed and immediately brought her knees to her chin and held them tightly.  She lay there, facing the wall, her eyes unblinking.  Mike stood and rubbed her back, but it was if she couldn’t feel his hand.  “Oh Kelly, did you really think this was the only answer?  How could you think this was best for us?  Me, the kids, our families, even your colleagues…they would be devastated if anything happened to you.”
Kelly didn’t answer; she couldn’t answer.  She had sinned; she had brought this on herself; she deserved God’s judgment and the consequences of her terrible choices.  She didn’t deserve to live, and life was too painful.  The only thing that she could think was that she should have never let Mike find the pills.  And she never should have mailed that letter to Andrew.  Maybe if she lay still long enough, she would disappear.
Kelly noticed that the room was very sparse.  No bedding, no extra furniture, no needle receptacle.  In two corners there were rounded mirrors.  Mike followed her eyes and looked at the mirrors.  “Those are cameras, Kelly.  This room is designed to protect people who are suicidal and to make sure they don’t harm themselves.  That’s why there’s no bedding and the table has been stripped down, so you’ll have nothing to use to kill yourself.” He pulled his chair closer and stroked her hair.  As he did so, Kelly remembered a dream she had had over and over during the summer.  In the dream, someone was stroking her hair while she slept.  But every time she tried to awake, the face would disappear.  She couldn’t see who it was.  And for some reason, this memory made her cry softly.  “That’s it,” Mike said.  “Cry if you need to.”
The attending physician called Mike out into the hall.  Kelly couldn’t tell what she was saying, but she didn’t really care.  Finally Mike and the doctor came back into the room.
“Kelly, I’m Dr. Camden.  So you have been very depressed?”  Kelly nodded.  “Your husband says that you had a brief affair and that you just told him.  He also said you were recently diagnosed with bipolar?”  Again, Kelly nodded without looking at the doctor.  Then the doctor turned to Mike.  “Could we speak in the hall for a few minutes?”
As she lay in the small, sterile room, Kelly was vaguely aware of the doctor’s conversation with Mike.  Words like “suicidal,” “hospital,” and “admittance,” floated across the fog of darkness and into her thoughts.  In a corner of her mind, Kelly cried out, protesting the thought of being admitted to the psychiatric ward of a hospital.  However, she couldn’t feel the fear of being a patient enough to express it.  She couldn’t feel the sadness, the despair, the anxiety that crowded around her.  The remorse she felt over her actions, the anger she felt at Andrew, and the sorrow she felt in the knowledge that she had hurt Mike so deeply, became abstract and disconnected.  The only emotion she could feel was the crushing disappointment that she wouldn’t be allowed to die.
“Kelly, can you hear me?”  Mike placed his hand on Kelly’s shoulder.  She turned over quietly and looked at him.  “Kelly, we need to talk about the hospital.  The doctor wants to admit you; they have a bed available.  I think it’s the best thing.  I am so afraid you are going to do something…something to harm yourself.”  Mike’s voice shook on the last phrase.
Kelly’s heart lurched at the sight of Mike’s face, so filled with pain and desperate worry.  But she knew Mike was right.  If she left the hospital, Kelly would kill herself.  And even though what Kelly wanted more than anything was to die, she saw in Mike’s eyes just how much pain it would cause the people she loved.  So she nodded and rested her face on Mike’s hand.
“Kelly,” Doctor Camden said, “We’re going to move you upstairs, and a nurse will give you something to help you sleep and get you settled into a room.”  He looked at Mike.  “Would you like to ride up with her?”
Before Mike could answer, Kelly shook her head emphatically.  “I don’t want you to go up there.  I don’t want you to see me there.”
Mike looked hurt, but he nodded and kissed Kelly on the hand and on the cheek.  “I’ll see you as soon as I can.”
The elevator opened then, and Dr. Camden handed Kelly over to a nurse who looked kind and concerned.  As the elevator door closed, Kelly looked away from Mike and allowed silent tears to slide down her face.
As Mike drove home, he felt a deep heaviness; his wife, in the psychiatric ward of a hospital.  He walked into the house and told Karen that Kelly had been admitted.  She gave Mike a quick hug and exited the house quietly.  Mike put the kids to bed, hugged them tightly, and sat in silence on the couch. Once it was clear they were asleep, Mike fell to the floor beside the bed and sobbed.  He was too broken to utter a prayer, but from somewhere deep in his soul, he cried out to God to save them both from this hell they were in.

Chapter 26
On Friday morning, Kelly was awakened at 7:00 am and given her medication.  Her appointment with the psychiatrist was at 9:00.  After pushing her breakfast around aimlessly on her plate, Kelly decided to take a shower.  Embarrassed over having to be so closely monitored, Kelly allowed herself to be led by a nurse to the shower, and the nurse positioned herself outside the door.  Kelly stood there under the hot spray for a long time, allowing her mind to wander along its own path.  Then she took the soap and lathered herself from head to toe, rinsing and washing over and over until the water began to cool.  After stepping out of the shower, Kelly slipped on a road with no sash and followed the nurse back to her room.  Sometime during the night, Mike had brought a bag of clothing to the hospital.  Kelly slipped on some jeans and a yellow t-shirt and stretched out on the bed.  Within minutes she was asleep.
“Mrs. Bowling, you need to wake up,” a voice called, gently shaking Kelly awake.  “It’s time for your meeting with the psychiatrist.  It’s 9:00.”
Kelly roused herself and sat up, rolling her shoulders and rubbing her eyes.  She silently followed the nurse down the hall to Dr. Redding’s office. 
Dr. Redding rose to shake Kelly’s hand when she entered his office.  Though Kelly was still overwhelmed and depressed, there was something about Dr. Redding that put her at ease somewhat.  Perhaps it was his office, she thought.  The office was large and looked more like a living room than anything else.  There were two plaid couches arranged in an “L” shape, along with two comfortable-looking green chairs and a coffee table.  There was also an entertainment center with a stereo and a television.  Music was playing softly.  Dr. Redding’s desk, rather than being large and imposing, was small and simple, something that could be found in a home office.  There was a computer on one side and an untidy pile of papers on the other.
Dr. Redding himself was a gentle looking man with salt and pepper hair that barely curled at the nape of his neck.  His eyes were large and brown, and his eyebrows were bushy.  He smiled easily, and Kelly felt as if he was someone who was trustworthy.
“Have a seat, Kelly, and let’s talk about what has been going on lately.”  He led Kelly to one of the green chairs, and he sat in the other one.  “I was sorry to hear that you had to be brought to the hospital because you wanted to commit suicide.  Why do you want to kill yourself?”
Kelly was taken off guard by his directness.  Dr. Redding seemed to notice, and he smiled.  “I am not one to mince words, Kelly.  I hope my directness didn’t startle you too much.  But I honestly want to know why you think killing yourself will solve a problem.”
“Well,” Kelly began, “I don’t know exactly.  I’ve really done some things to hurt people.  I just don’t know if things will ever be the same.  I – I just couldn’t live with all this.”  Kelly didn’t know what else to say, so she looked at her hands as she twisted them in her lap.
“Kelly, I know a little about you story.  After you were brought up last night, I went downstairs – I worked late last night – and talked with your husband.”
Kelly felt her face grow warm.  Dr. Redding knew about her affair and all the other mistakes she had made.  She wondered what he must think of her.  “Oh,” she said softly.
Dr. Redding hesitated for a moment, and then he touched her hand gently.  “Kelly, I have talked with all sorts of people, people who have made mistakes, lots of them.  People who have made terrible choices and regretted them deeply.  Nothing you have done will shock me or cause me to judge you.  Can you understand that?”
“I guess so,” Kelly responded.  She knew she sounded like a shy child, but she couldn’t let herself feel.  It was still too painful.
Dr. Redding sat back.  “Kelly, one thing I am concerned about is your medication.  Your family doctor did an excellent job in diagnosing you so accurately.  Unfortunately, medications for bipolar disorder can be very complicated.  I would like to adjust your medication, try to find a combination that works for you.”  He paused again before continuing.  “And Kelly, I would like to admit you to a short term facility.”
Kelly felt sick.  He wanted to send her to a mental hospital.  She would be branded for life as someone who was crazy.  She thought about her family, about her friends, about her job.  “Why?  Why do I need to go to one of those places?”  She pleaded.  “I can’t miss that much work.  I know that it will ruin my reputation if I go to some…some mental hospital.”
“Kelly, this is not a mental hospital.  It is a crisis intervention facility for short term care.  It’s called Covenant Crisis Center.  It is one of two centers in the area.  Your husband mentioned that you are both Christians, as I am, so I thought a Christian facility would be best.  I would like to have you admitted today if possible.  You really don’t need to be in this hospital any longer than necessary.”
Kelly wanted to protest.  As she thought about it, however, she knew she couldn’t just go back to her life.  There was too much pain, and she was already on the edge.  If she went home and tried to live normally, she probably would just end up back in the hospital again.  So, after thinking for a few moments, Kelly nodded.  “OK, I think you’re right, doctor.”
Your husband and I talked about this last night, and he was hoping that you would be willing to go to the center.   Would you like to call him before we get you packed up?”
Kelly’s eyes filled with tears.  “I can’t.  I can’t talk to him.  I have hurt him so much…” she began to cry softly.
“It’s your decision, Kelly.  You do what you feel most comfortable with.” Dr. Redding walked across his office and opened the door.  “Nancy, Kelly is going to get packed up, and then we’ll have someone from Covenant come and pick her up.”  He turned toward Kelly again.  “I do rounds at the center, so I will continue to talk with you while you are there.  This really is the best option, Kelly.  They will be able to monitor you meds and your moods around the clock.  And you will have individual and group therapy each day.”
Kelly’s heart began to pound at the thought of sharing her pain and terrible choices with strangers, but she put it out of her mind.  She didn’t have to share any more than she wanted to share.  And sitting there in Dr. Redding’s office, she knew she didn’t want to share much.  She stood and thanked Dr. Redding.
A little over an hour later, Kelly and an aide from Covenant Crisis Center were pulling into the facility’s driveway.  It looked more like a large home than a hospital, Kelly thought.  The brick was painted white, and there were four large columns along the front of the building.  There were several eaves and a turret running up the left side, ending in a beautiful gazebo.  The center looked to be about 100 years old.  More than likely it had been a house before it became a crisis center.  The lawn was green, and grand old trees dotted the yard.  In front of the house, there were flowers of every color.  Monkey grass lined the long sidewalk, and hanging plants lined the porch.  Kelly couldn’t help but reach up and touch a flower as they ascended the steps.
“Good morning,” a stout, pleasant woman called as Kelly and the aide entered.  She motioned them to the window at which she was working and asked Kelly the standard questions about next of kin, reason for being there, insurance information, and several other details.  After the interview was done, a kind-looking nurse with long red hair appeared and took Kelly back to the commons area.
Like Dr. Redding’s office, this area looked more like a large living room than a waiting room.  There were groups of couches and chairs, tables to eat or play games at, and a big screen television strategically placed in the corner of a room.  There were several cameras in the ceiling, the only indicator that the room wasn’t just a pleasant place to relax.  There was a nurses’ station at the back, but it sat unobtrusively behind two large fichus trees.  It was lunchtime, and several tables had been set up with box lunches from a local deli.  The nurse explained that once a week local restaurants donated lunch to the center.
After choosing a turkey sandwich, Kelly sat down at one of the empty tables.  Though she wasn’t usually shy, Kelly was apprehensive at the thought of sitting with a stranger.  What if they asked why she was there?  Before long, however, Kelly was joined by a girl who looked to be in her twenties.  She was painfully thin, and her wrists were bandaged.
“Hi, my name’s Rachel,” the girl said, smiling.  She unwrapped a veggie sandwich.
“I’m Kelly Bowling,” Kelly said.  Rachel shook her hand.
“Nice to meet you, Kelly.  You must be new.”
“Yes,” Kelly said cautiously, afraid they were headed for dangerous territory.  “I got here this morning.”
“Don’t worry,” Rachel said.  “You don’t have to tell me why you’re here.  Nobody has to share unless they want to share.”
“I have bipolar disorder,” Kelly said.   She wondered why she said it; she didn’t even know this girl.
“I have borderline personality disorder.  I’m here because of these,” Rachel held up her bandaged wrists.  “Luckily, I’m getting better.”
Kelly and Rachel exchanged small talk for a few short minutes, and then they ate in silence.  Kelly’s mind was racing, anticipating with dread the group therapy that would take place that afternoon.
Rachel finished her lunch, placed her leftovers in the box, and stood up to throw away her garbage.  Before she walked away, she paused and looked at Kelly.  “Don’t worry, Kelly. This isn’t like the movies.  People here get better, and then they go home.”
At 2:00 Kelly walked back into the commons room where several patients were already seated in a circle.  Kelly took her place and tried not to look at anyone.  She didn’t want to be asked any questions, and she didn’t plan on sharing.  She wasn’t sure how much of her pain she was willing to share, so it seemed safer to keep all of it to herself for now.  She carefully surveyed the group without making eye contact.  Rachel was there, chatting with another girl who looked as if she was the same age.  There were two middle aged men who sat silently, one of them looking out the window and the other looking at the hands that were folded in his lap.  There was also a woman who was probably in her fifties.  She was very well-dressed and was sitting in a composed and ladylike fashion.  Only the dark circles under her eyes betrayed the pain she was in.
Kelly didn’t pay much attention during that first session.  Her mind was elsewhere, obsessed with her own pain and wondering what Mike was doing, how the kids were doing, how she would ever have peace.  She did manage to introduce herself, but while the others shared, Kelly allowed her mind to wander.  Rachel had to tap her on the shoulder when the therapy session was over.
The next morning, Kelly had another session with Dr. Redding.  As she walked in and sat down, Dr. Redding said, “I heard you were pretty quiet at the group therapy session yesterday.”
Kelly felt a little defensive.  “It was the first day.  I didn’t know what to say.”
“It’s perfectly normal.  Most people don’t say a lot the first few days.  They have to get used to everyone and get comfortable.  Most people are actually pretty aloof for the first week.”  He paused for a moment and then handed Kelly a small notebook.  “While you are getting comfortable talking, I’d like you to do some writing, keep a journal.”
Kelly had kept a diary for years, but it had been a long time.  She took the notebook and flipped idly through the empty pages.
“Journaling will be good for you while you aren’t settled enough to speak out during groups, or even during our sessions.”  Then Dr. Redding sat back.  “We really didn’t talk much yesterday.  I’d like to hear about the last year or so of your life.  You can hit the high points or be specific.  Just give me a framework for where you’ve been.”
Kelly looked out the window, wondering where to start.  “Well,” she began, “I know that you know I had an affair.  That was in the spring.”
“Yes, but let’s go farther back.  What was going on this time last fall?”
Kelly thought for a minute.  “Last fall wasn’t so great.  Mike and I weren’t really getting along.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, I guess we were both pretty much wrapped up in our own little worlds.  I was working from home and doing all of the home stuff, and Mike was busy with his business.  We didn’t really see each other very much.”
“And when you did see each other?”
“It wasn’t always rosy, that’s for sure.  We had problems.”
“It’s okay, Kelly.  You can say anything you want however you want in here. You don’t have to sugar coat it.”
And then Kelly began pouring out her frustrations over Mike’s distance, her attraction to Andrew, her suspicions that Mike was having an affair, and her own affair.  She was surprised at herself – it had taken her so long to open up to someone, and here she was telling someone she barely knew all or her secrets.  Well, maybe not all, but quite a few.
“These are the kinds of things I want in your journal.  Think over them, react to them.  Your journal is a collection of your thoughts and feelings.  Rant if you need to rant.  Cry if you need to cry.  Just get these emotions on paper.”  He looked at his watch.  “I have another patient in a few minutes, but I would like to pray before you leave.”
As Dr. Redding prayed, Kelly felt the tiniest surge of emotion coming to the surface.  It was the first time she had allowed herself to feel since her trip to the emergency room.  She suppressed the feelings, however, afraid she would begin to weep.  She just wasn’t ready to do that yet.
For the next few days Kelly wrote in her journal each night.  Her thoughts and emotions flowed more and more freely with each passing day – on paper.  Kelly still couldn’t bring herself to open up during the group sessions.  She could tell that the other group members and the nurse were beginning to wonder if she was ever going to share, but they didn’t press her.  They seemed to know that she needed more time, that she was afraid to face all of that emotion.
A week after Kelly’s admittance, however, she awoke from a dream crying.  She sat up, trying to get her bearings.  Where was she; what had she been dreaming?  Then the flood of realization and memories hit her full force, and she began weeping uncontrollably.  Before long, a night nurse came into her room.
“What’s wrong Kelly?  Do you need something?  Are you ill?”
Kelly couldn’t answer, she was crying so desperately.  Finally the nurse sat down on the bed and placed her arm around Kelly.  She began to pray.
“Lord Jesus, I know that Kelly is in pain right now, but I thank you for finally allowing her to express her emotions.  I know that keeping them inside has been hurting her terribly.  Please let her know that we are here for her, and, more importantly, you are here for her.  Wrap her in your love and security, and give us wisdom as to how best to help her.  In your precious name, amen.”
Kelly knew when she woke up the next morning that she would be sharing in group that day.  She was at peace with herself and with God.  It would be painful, but she felt safe sharing her pain with others now.  When 2:00 arrived, Kelly was one of the first to arrive.  Before long, the chairs were filled and the nurse began the meeting.
“Would anyone like to begin sharing?”
“I would,” Kelly said softly.  Then she hesitated.
“It’s okay, Kelly,” Rachel took Kelly’s hand.  “There’s no judgment here.”
“I am here because I had a plan to kill myself, and my husband took me to the emergency room.  I have had a hard few months, and most of it is my own fault.”  Kelly took a deep breath.  “Last spring, I had an affair.”  She paused, waiting for sounds of shock or looks of disgust, but they didn’t come.  “I became too close to a coworker, and we became involved.  It lasted about a month, and then he ended it.”
The nurse took Kelly’s other hand, and then Kelly’s story came pouring out.  The distance between she and Mike, the sickness, the mania, the affair, the miscarriage.  Kelly talked for half an hour, and no one stopped her.  By the time she was silent, Kelly was completely exhausted.  But she felt cleaner somehow, like the burden wasn’t hers alone.  She closed her eyes and sat back in her chair.
After a few seconds, Kelly felt a hand on her shoulder, then one on her back, then another on her shoulder.  Before long hands were covering her back, and the group began to pray, their voices mingling together.  Again Kelly wept, but this time it was with gratitude as well as sorrow.  She was not alone.
For the next several days, Kelly continued to journal, to talk freely with Dr. Redding, and to participate in group sessions.  On Thursday, almost two weeks after her admittance, Dr. Redding looked at Kelly and smiled.
“Kelly, you have made a lot of progress the past week.  You seem more open and at peace, and the meds seem to be working.”
“I think so too,” Kelly agreed.  “The medicine still makes me a little sick, but the nurse said that would get better over time.”
“Yes it will.”  Dr. Redding moved to the other side of his desk and sat down beside Kelly.  “You know what I think?  I think you are ready to go home.”
Kelly sat for a minute while the doctor’s words sank in; then she let out a whoop that could probably have been heard all the way down the hall.  She hugged Dr. Redding.  “Thank you so much.  I want to see my family so badly.”
“Well, I have already called Mike.”  Dr. Redding patted Kelly’s hand.  “He’s ready to come whenever you are ready to leave.”
“Tell him to come right now,” Kelly said.  She jumped off the couch and walked toward the door.  Before she left, she walked back and gave Dr. Redding one last hug.  “Thank you for everything, Dr. Redding.”
An hour later, Kelly was sitting in the commons area with her bag.  The members of her group sat and chatted with her, excited that Kelly was going home.  She hugged each of them and thanked them for her prayers.  Then someone cleared his throat and pointed to the doorway.  Mike was standing there with his keys in his hand.  Kelly looked at him, and tears began rolling down her face.  She picked up her bag and walked to him, then put down her bag and embraced him.  He wrapped his arms around her tightly, and his tears dampened her hair.  Finally, they tore themselves away from each other.  Mike picked up the bag, kissed Kelly lightly, and said, “Let’s go home.”

Chapter 27
After Kelly and Mike got home, Kelly put her bag in the bedroom, and they embraced again.
“It’s been too long since I’ve seen you,” she said, holding Mike more tightly.
“You’re right about that,” Mike laughed.  He let her go and looked at her.  Her cheeks had more color, and her smile looked genuine.  The doctor had said she was still fragile, and Mike could see that she was.  But she looked so much better than she had two weeks before.  He took her hand, and they exited the center.
After they got home, Kelly said she wanted to lie down.  The medication was still making her slightly sick, and she tired easily.  Mike kissed her good night and went to the study to do some work.  He knew that Kelly was better, but he still couldn’t shake the fear that she would harm herself someday.  The trip to the emergency room and her admittance to the crisis center had affected him deeply.  He didn’t want to lose her.  He sat for a long time trying to type before he gave up and went to check on Kelly.
Kelly opened the bedroom door to find that Kelly was not in the bed any longer.  His heart skipped a beat, and he tried the bathroom door.  It was locked.
“Kelly, open the door.  Please open the door.”
Kelly unlocked the door and looked at Mike curiously.  “What’s wrong?  I was just going to the bathroom.”
“You locked the door.”
“I’m sorry.  I guess I just got used to doing that at the center.  Don’t worry, Mike.  I am not suicidal anymore.”
“Well, I still want to be close.  It makes me feel better.  Are you going back to bed now?  Can I do something for you?”
Kelly sighed.  “Mike, I want to take a bath.”
“But I want a bath.  I feel sweaty from the medicine.  And,” Kelly paused, “and I still sometimes feel…dirty.  A bath helps.”
“Okay, but I’ll have to come with you.”
Kelly sighed and nodded.  She filled the tub with bubbles and turned away from Mike to remove her underwear.  For some reason, she couldn’t bear to let Mike see her body, not after another man had touched it.  She still felt dirty, like she had a stain that would never come clean.  She settled into the tub and laid her head back against the tile.  After a few minutes, Mike got on his knees beside the tub.  He took Kelly’s bath sponge and began washing her.  He washed her arms and shoulders, then sat her up and washed her back.  He took her feet and washed them while Kelly cried.  He took a cloth and wiped her face, and then he kissed her forehead.  When Kelly was ready to get out, he handed her a towel and turned his back.  He could tell that she was self-conscious, and a pain shot through his heart.  Kelly still felt so dirty and sinful that she didn’t want Mike to look at her.  For one of the first times since Kelly told him about the affair, he felt compassion for her pain.  Yes, she had hurt him in the worst possible way.  But he could see that she was suffering as well. He led her back to the bedroom, covered her with a blanket, and then watched her sleep until Karen brought the kids home; she had picked them up from school and let them play at her house for a while.
That night, after Kelly was asleep again, Mike crept into the den and sank onto his knees beside the couch.  He cried out to God, recalling verses of comfort.  He asked God to protect Kelly and to give him wisdom.  He prayed for the strength to somehow forgive Kelly.  He prayed for his children who he knew must be confused and insecure given all of the recent upheaval.  After he finished praying, he stayed on his knees for a long time, waiting to hear God’s voice and receive direction.
For the next few days, Kelly was still a little dizzy and nauseous.  It was the medicine, and there was little either of them could do about it.  Overall, Kelly seemed to be much more at ease than she had prior to her stay at Covenant, but Mike still worried.  Each time she went to bed, he spent time on his knees, praying for both of them.

Chapter 28
Kelly insisted on going to work Tuesday.  She needed to find a way to tie things up, and she needed to talk to Bob about working from home again.  Mike agreed with the stipulation that he would drive her and pick her up.  Kelly agreed.  When Kelly walked into the office building, several colleagues said they were glad she was feeling better.  They had heard about the trip to the emergency room but didn’t know the reason.  Kelly was relieved when she got to her office.  All of the questions were exhausting.  Kelly did some work and then went down to Bob’s office.  Her meeting with him was at 9:30.  She felt the anxiety tightening in her chest, and she willed herself to breathe deeply.  She could get through the day; she kept telling herself to breathe, to focus.
“Come on in,” Bob said when he heard her knock.  When Kelly walked in, concern etched his face.  Kelly knew that she still looked pale and empty.  “Kelly, are you alright today?  Maybe you shouldn’t have tried to come back to work so soon.”
Kelly sat down and looked at Bob.  “Bob, I need to talk to you about something.  I have some serious health problems that I need to address.  Mike and I have talked about me taking time off from work.  I don’t want to put you in a bind, but is there any way that I could go back to working from home again?  I know it’s a lot to ask, but I think it will help me to concentrate on getting better.”
Bob looked at her sympathetically.  “I think that would work out, Kelly.  But there are a few things we’re in the middle of.  Can it wait a couple of weeks?”
“Last week I finished my part of the latest assignments and made notes for whoever takes over.  I really need to start this now if I can.”
Bob walked around his desk and sat next to Kelly.  “I don’t know what is wrong, and I am not going to ask because it’s none of my business.  But I want you to do whatever you need to do to get better.  Why don’t you take a couple of weeks away from all this and try to get some strength back?  Then I can start giving you things to do from home.  Will that work?”
Kelly was so grateful.  She placed her hand on Bob’s.  “Thank you, Bob.  Thank you so much.”  She turned to leave.
“Kelly, “Bob said, “Jenny and I will be praying for you.  Please let us know if you need anything.”
After work, Megan knocked on the doorframe of Kelly’s office.  Kelly looked up, smiled, and motioned her in.  “Hi, Megan.”
“Hey Kelly.  How are you?  Someone said you had been to the emergency room.  What happened?  Was it something to do with your heart?”
Kelly considered her question.  In some ways it was.  “Yeah, but it’s fine.  They didn’t even admit me.”
“You need to take care of yourself girl.  You haven’t seemed yourself the last few weeks.” Then Megan moved closer and sat on Kelly’s desk. ”Is there anything you need?”
Actually, I just talked to Bob.  I really need to take care of these health problems, so I’m going back to working from home for a while.  Mike and I think it’s the best thing for me to do right now.”
“Of course.  You need to get better.  I will be thinking about you.
“Thanks, Megan, I needed that.”
Megan stood up.  “Well, you let me know if you need anything.  And try to perk up.  I want to see that spark again.”
“Yes ma’am," Kelly saluted her.
Mike was waiting for her when she walked out to the parking lot.  “How did you do today?”
“A few rough spots, but it’s better than sitting home thinking all day.  Bob told me to take a couple of weeks off the advertising game.  Then I can start working from home.”
“I’m glad.  Will you be home tomorrow?”
“Yes, today took just about everything I had.”
“I already told the guys I would be out of the office for a few days.  I still feel like I need to stay close.”
Dinner was simple that night; Mike had cooked.  Kelly had noticed that he had also vacuumed, cleaned the kitchen, and done a load of wash.  Guilt tugged at her heart, but she pushed it away.  It was better to appreciate Mike’s help and compassion than to dwell on the fact that she should have been doing those things.  She would have to change her thinking about a lot of things if she wanted to beat the depression that had drained her for so long.
The next morning, Kelly felt heavy and completely exhausted from the previous day.  She slept late, and at 9:00 Mike came back to the bedroom to check on her.
“You okay?” Mike asked, worried.
“Just tired.  I’m so glad that I can finally sleep.”
“I’m proud of you, Kelly,” Mike squeezed her hand.  “I know it has been a hard week.”
Kelly sat up a little and looked at Mike.  “How do you do this?”
“Do what?”
“Take care of me? Say that you’re proud of me?  I cheated on you.  I wanted to kill myself.  I changed our lives.  How can you still be here?”
Mike looked out the window.  “I’m your husband, Kelly.”
“Does that mean you want to stay?”
Mike looked pained.  “We don’t have to talk about this now, do we?  You’re still pretty fragile.”
“But I want to know.”
“Kelly, I can’t answer that right now.  I want to forgive you.  And I understand that your illness had something to do with all this.  But I’ve read the emails.  This started long before your manic episode.  I think we just need to focus on one day at a time.”
It wasn’t the answer Kelly hoped for, but then again, she really didn’t deserve any promises from Mike.  She knew there was a very real possibility that their marriage wouldn’t make it, and that would be one of the horrible consequences of her choice to be with Andrew.  She blocked the thought of Andrew and his likely hatred of her out of her mind.  It was Mike she should be thinking of now.  He was the one who had loved her, who had committed his life to her.  She should have been thinking of him all along.  Now what she was thinking was that even if she deserved it, she would not survive if he left her.
Grocery shopping was a part of Kelly’s regular routine on Saturdays. She liked to get it done before lunch so that she could spend the day at home doing nothing or doing housework or doing whatever.  So, after she dressed and pulled her hair into a ponytail, she went into the den to tell Mike she was going to Walmart.  He didn’t look at her, but she heard him sigh.
“How long will you be gone?”  He asked.
“I’m not sure.  You never know with Walmart.  Hopefully not too long.  Why?”
“I don’t want you to go right now.  I want you to wait until I can come with you.”
Kelly was puzzled.  “Why?”
“Because, Kelly,” he said, looking at her.  “I just don’t trust you right now.  I can’t be sure you won’t go to Andrew’s house, call him, or kill yourself.  Take your pick.”
Kelly’s temper flared.  “I always go to the store on Saturdays.  I am not going to kill myself.  I realize now how much that would hurt everyone else.  And after that Thursday night crisis, I am not ever going to contact Andrew again.  Besides, we both know he would just tell you anyway.”
“Well, you told me recently that you wouldn’t contact him, and we know how that turned out.”
Kelly knew she shouldn’t be defensive.  And it really had nothing to do with Mike.  Kelly was still angry that Andrew had emailed him.  She had made it very clear in her letter that she was afraid of what Mike might do, and she told him in the letter that he would never hear from her again.  Still Andrew ratted her out, and it led to a trip to the emergency room.  In addition, even though she knew that suicide would hurt everyone around her – except maybe Andrew – she resented the fact that her plan had spilled out.  If Andrew hadn’t forced Mike’s hand, she would be at peace.  Kelly knew all this, but she still became defensive.
“Well, Mike, when do you think we can go to the store?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t feel like going right now.”
“And I don’t want to sit around all day until you’re in the mood to buy milk.  I am dressed.  I was planning to go right now.  It’s just Walmart.”
“Kelly, it’s Saturday.  You deceived me and went to be with Andrew on several Saturdays during your little trysts.  Forgive me if Saturdays are not my favorite day of the week.”
Again, Kelly knew that Mike had every right to distrust her and to be wary on Saturdays.  But she was angry with herself, angry with Andrew, angry that she felt so dirty, and angry that this sin was going to dictate every facet of her life.  She threw her purse across the room where it knocked over a lamp and stomped to the bedroom.
“Kelly,” Mike came after her.  Now he was angry too.  “What are you doing?  The kids are in the next room.  They just asked me why you were so mad.  Can’t you at least control yourself when the kids are around?”
“Well, maybe they need to know.  Maybe they need to know that their mother is a worthless, horrible adulteress.  Maybe they need to hate me like everyone else.”
“Come on, Kelly.  Is going to Walmart right this minute really that big a deal?  You’re the one who decided to break my trust.  I just found out about this three weeks ago.”  Mike walked to the door and paused to look at Kelly.   “I’m not talking to you when you’re like this.”
If there was one thing that had always made Kelly crazy, it was when Mike left the room.  She walked back into the den and said, “Why don’t you just go ahead and leave?  You’re going to anyway.  Why do we have to drag it out?”  Then she broke down sobbing.  She didn’t want to cry anymore, especially not in front of Mike, so she ran to their bedroom and locked the door.
She heard Mike’s footsteps, and he knocked on the door, his voice desperate.  “Please open the door.  You’re scaring me.”  Kelly didn’t respond.  He continued.  “I will break down this door before I let you do something to yourself.”
Kelly unlocked the door and then sat on the bed.  Mike went to her and tried to put his arm around her.  She wailed like a child, and ran from him.  He followed her around the room, trying to take her in his arms.  She couldn’t let him.  She was dirty, unworthy.  Why would he want to hold her after what she had done, what she had said?  Why couldn’t she keep this horrible anger in check?
Finally, Mike picked up the phone.  He called Dr. Weaver’s service.  “This is Mike Bowling.  Kelly, My wife, is one of Dr. Weaver’s patients, I think she is having some sort of breakdown, and I am worried she is suicidal again.”  He paused. “Thank you.  Thank you so much.”
He finally convinced Kelly to sit down, and she let him touch her hand.  “Kelly, Dr. Weaver is going to call here in a few minutes.  Do you want me to talk to her, or do you want to talk to her?”
Kelly had stopped crying, but she was still taking ragged breaths.  She felt dizzy, and her heart was being crushed inside her chest.  She knew it wasn’t mitral valve prolapse or a heart attack or anything physiological.  It was the last bit of heart breaking over her sin, her husband’s devastation, the fact the she had been meaningless to Andrew from the start – just a girl with the right body parts, and the pain she had caused her family, everything.  Her body was racked with pain, and she finally allowed herself to lean against Mike.  Once again, for a reason Kelly couldn’t fathom, he took her and held her, stroking her hair and rocking her.
Dr. Weaver called then, and this time Kelly was able to tell her what had been happening.  She promised the doctor that she was not a danger to herself, that she was just very upset.  Dr. Weaver was silent for a moment before responding.
“Kelly, I am not sure you are telling me the truth; you may not even be telling yourself the truth.  We have a crisis intervention center.  It is for short-term visits – a few days to a week.  We could monitor your moods round the clock and you could talk to a counselor any time of day or night.”
Kelly’s heart froze at the thought of being checked into a mental facility. They couldn’t afford for her to go to some expensive facility, even for a few days.  And how would Mike manage the kids and his business?  A voice somewhere inside told her she needed to lay aside all the questions and allow herself to be monitored, but the practical part of her took over.  “I can’t do that, Dr. Weaver.  We can’t afford it, and someone has to be here for the kids.”
Dr. Weaver sighed.  “Kelly, I can’t force you to go right now.  But I want to see you on Friday.  If you haven’t significantly improved by then, as your psychiatrist, I will be able to make you go.  May I speak to Mike?”
Kelly handed the phone to Mike, and Kelly knew she was giving him instructions.  After he hung up, he pulled Kelly into his arms again and held her tightly.  “Kelly, please don’t do this.  I can’t take it if you can’t stay sane.  I need you too.  If you need to go to Walmart, we can go right now.  I just hate Saturdays right now.  Does that make sense?”
Kelly nodded.  “We don’t have to go right now.  We’ll wait until later.  Do you mind if I take a nap?”
“No, you can rest.  But I am keeping the bedroom door open.  I just can’t trust you to be rational.”
This time, Mike’s words didn’t cause her temper to flare.  She knew he was right; she couldn’t be trusted, not with anything.  No matter how much she wanted to become trustworthy, her emotions were still warring with each other.  She needed Mike to stay close.  She needed to find rest so that she could feel God’s forgiveness.

Chapter 29
On Friday, Kelly’s desperation had subsided somewhat, but she knew she was still unstable.  The doctor changed the dosage of her medication and talked with her for a long time.  Kelly was amazed at the time and care Dr. Weaver took with her patients.  They discussed Kelly’s need to try to forgive herself, and Dr. Weaver told her to be patient with Mike.  After all, it was understandable that his trust in her was shaken to the core, and trust couldn’t be rebuilt overnight.  She was honest with Kelly, telling her that it might take months before Mike could truly forgive her and begin to trust her and that it sometimes took up to a year to find the right dosage and combination of medication.  This deflated Kelly somewhat, but she was glad that the doctor was honest with her.  She wanted to know what to expect in all of this chaos.
Over the next few weeks, Kelly finally began to feel “normal” again.  Her racing thoughts were fewer and farther between in frequency.  She didn’t feel the same dark weight.  She still grieved over the pain she had caused Mike, but she began to try to open up to him and give him every detail of her day.  He was often distant, but she knew he was trying work through his own pain.  She knew there were no guarantees, but she was thankful that he was still here for now.
There were two things, however, that Kelly couldn’t seem to let go of.  She couldn’t forgive herself, couldn’t forget what she had done and how she had done it.  And she still felt a pull at times toward Andrew.  It wasn’t because she had feelings for him.  It was one of the consequences of taking something that God had designed to bond people and experiencing in a way that was completely outside His will.  She just wished she knew how he was doing, if he would ever forgive her.  She didn’t share these feelings with Mike, however.  She knew that her desire to know these things would hurt Mike.
However, in late October, she began to be consumed with the desire to know what Andrew was doing.  Was he suffering the way she was suffering?  Did he think of her?  Had he been with someone else since they had…been together?  She needed to somehow find out what he was thinking.  Kelly should have known that something was wrong.  These thoughts were irrational.  She was slipping into depression, and she wasn’t equipped to make any type of decision.  She was being swept away by her own obsessive thoughts.  But she had to know; she had to find out something, anything.  She decided to visit his site.
www.adgenius.com. That was the name of Andrew’s web page.  She had been there before.  He was gifted with technology, and it was a great site.  He posted a lot of the latest goings on in his life, information about music and movies he liked, and some of the ads he had done.  As Kelly lay awake the following night, she wondered if he had posted anything new.  Maybe that was a way she could find out some things.  Maybe there would be some word somewhere that would give her the freedom to get past it all.  Maybe he even had a girlfriend.  That would surely bring complete closure.  So early the next morning she typed in the web address.  Her breath caught as she saw his picture.  He looked different somehow, but she couldn’t put her finger on it.  She looked around the site.  There were a few notes about his recent life, but nothing specific.  He had, however added a new contact email address.  Above the email address it said, “What do you think of my site?”
In a moment of weakness and on an impulse, she wanted to email him.  But she knew she couldn’t be honest about who she was.  The part of her that knew this idea was deceitful and stupid and wrong was persistent.  But her need to know was stronger.  Something took over the rational part of her brain.  Before she knew it, she had found a site with free email and set up an account.  Then she emailed Andrew with a brief note that said, “Like your site.  Did you do it all yourself?”  She signed the name Elise.  It was her middle name, but Andrew didn’t know that.  For a split second she felt as if she had just jumped off a cliff into a deep chasm, but she wouldn’t let herself think about it.  She would just email once or twice, and then her curiosity would be satisfied.
Later that day, during her lunch break, she decided to check the new account.  She had one message, a message from Andrew.
“Yeah, I did.  Thanks for the compliment.  Do you have a site I could check out?”
Kelly responded quickly.  “I don’t have a web site yet.  I just opened this email account recently.  I’m not exactly a technology genius.”
After Kelly pressed send, she realized that her heart was pounding.  The logical side of her brain screamed, stop this, it’s a lie!  You’re deceiving your husband!  You need to break this cycle!  But another part of her mind was driven to find something out even though she had no idea what that was.  The Holy Spirit’s voice whispered, guard your heart, for out of springs the well of life; Turn to me; my ways are not your ways…  For just a moment, Kelly thought about cancelling the new account she had created.  But she couldn’t.  She had to have the closure she hadn’t found that summer.
For the next couple of days, she and Andrew sent casual emails back and forth, and Kelly grew comfortable.  Then she made a mistake.  She mentioned in an email something about one of his accounts.  She sent it without realizing that Andrew had not mentioned that particular account on his site or in any of the emails.  That night, when she checked her account, there was no response.  There was also no response on Friday or Saturday.  On Sunday morning, Kelly sent another email.  “Where’d you go?”  Still no response.  That night, a strange nervousness began to form in the pit of her stomach.  But she dismissed it and went to bed.
Someone was shaking her.  Across her dreams she heard a voice that didn’t fit.  As she fought off the dream, she realized that it was Mike.  He was shaking her awake and saying something she was too drowsy to understand.  Then, Mike raised his voice and said, “Kelly!  Wake up!”
Kelly rubbed her eyes and looked at Mike.  He had a strange look on his face, somewhere between disbelief and hurt.  “What is it?  What’s going on?”
Mike’s eyes narrowed, “Why don’t you tell me, Elise?” Kelly sat there for a moment, shock on her face.  “That’s what I thought,” Mike spat and started opening and closing his drawers forcefully.  He threw clothing into a bag and began rummaging in the bathroom for his toiletries.  The medication Kelly took made her extremely drowsy, but she fought to wake up, to gather her senses.
“Mike, it isn’t like it seems.  I just wanted to know….” Her voice trailed off when he turned around and looked at her.  His face was angry, but behind the anger he had the look of a wounded animal.  “Mike, please,” her voice was small.
“No more contact, Kelly.  You’ve promised me twice, and twice you have broken the promise.  You care more about yourself than you do about this family or me.  How much are you going to hurt me?  Are you seeing how far you can go before I really leave?  Well, you’re there.  I can’t do this, this lying and deceit and roller coaster.”
Kelly struggled to sit up.  She threw her legs over the side of the bed so she could go to Mike.  “I love you,” she whispered.
“No you don’t.  Do not get out of that bed.  There is nothing you can say.  Oh, but I do want you to read something.”  He threw a piece of paper at her and left the room.  She heard the front door slam. Kelly fumbled with the bedside lamp.  As she read the message she began to cry softly.
“Mike, I have asked your wife not to contact me.  A few days ago I got an email from someone who called herself Elise.  I didn’t think anything of it, really.  But then she said something about one of my accounts.  I knew I hadn’t mentioned it, so I got suspicious.  I went back and read the messages, and I know its Kelly.  It sounds exactly like her.  I’m tired of this; it almost amounts to stalking.  If she contacts me again it will not be a good thing.  You had better tell her that.  I don’t expect to hear from her in any way ever again.  Andrew”
Kelly read the letter again, and then the dam broke.  Kelly fell on her face by the bed.  After her sobs subsided, she prayed.
“God, I’m sorry.  Why can’t I do this?  Why am I so rebellious? You know I have repented; I have turned away from this.  Why am I doing this?”
God looks at the heart…bear the fruit of repentance…return to me…give yourself as a living sacrifice
Slowly and painfully, Kelly saw the truth of her heart.  She hadn’t repented.  She had felt badly about hurting Mike, she had been disgusted with herself; she had even felt guilt and remorse over what she did.  But she hadn’t repented, not really.  She was still holding on to things, searching for things she had no business knowing.  Just like the Bible said, the scales fell away from her eyes and she saw herself, a woman who felt guilty but still wanted control.
Kelly sat up and reached for her Bible.  Not once in all the chaos had she picked it up.  But now she was desperate for direction, comfort, even conviction.  She began with Psalm 32, then Psalm 51, then and other passages about needing God’s mercy.  She cried them aloud.  She begged God not to let her emotions deceive her.  She begged him for real repentance.  She pleaded with Him to remove this ugliness from her heart no matter what it took.  When the sun began to come up, Kelly was still on her knees, alternately reading God’s word and crying out to him.  When she stood up, her legs were wobbly and her head was pounding, but for the first time, she felt peace, real peace. She was too weak and fragile from her night of wresting with God, so she slipped into the den to sleep on the couch.  She had to figure out where Mike was and how to talk to him. And even though the sin and its consequences were still very real, she felt…clean.  Her heart was broken, however.  If only she could have found this place before Mike had left.  She climbed back onto the bad and fell asleep, exhausted.
At 8:00 Kelly woke up in a fog.  Her body felt as if she had been in a war; and so she had, just like Jacob in the wilderness when he wrestled with God.  She knew that God had won the victory, but Kelly was afraid that her marriage would be a casualty. The pain she had seen in Mike’s eyes the night before was even deeper than the pain she had seen the night she confessed the affair.  Kelly didn’t have time to allow it to sink in, however; the boys were already late for school.  She woke up Mikey and Sam, laid out their clothes, and drove them to school.  Then, having no other place to go, Kelly went back home.
The silence seemed to mock Kelly when she walked back into her empty house.  Kelly walked back to the bedroom and once again opened her Bible, alternately praying and weeping.  Once again, she saw clearly what her choices had cost everyone around her.  But Kelly began to feel something else as well – God’s forgiveness and unconditional love – and she was amazed by it.  Even the shame of her sin and the sorrow over the possible end of her marriage couldn’t dim the light God was placing in her heart, giving her reason to hope.  As Kelly drank in God’s Word, scripture after scripture spoke comfort to her:
Psalm 40:1
Psalm 139 passage.
Around noon Kelly decided to take a shower.  Her muscles were aching from sorrow and weeping and kneeling on the floor for so many hours, and her hair was matted with tears and sweat.  The steamy water relaxed Kelly’s muscles.  She washed her hair and applied conditioner.  While she lathered her arms with soap, the words of a song escaped her lips, and she found herself singing with a heart full of praise.
“My faith has found a resting place not in device nor creed.
I trust the ever living one; His wound for me shall plead.
I need no other argument; I need no other plea.
It is enough that Jesus died and that he died for me.”
Stepping out of the shower, Kelly grabbed a towel from the rack and began drying, still humming.  She combed through her wet hair and put on her robe.  Clean and refreshed, she walked into the den.
What she saw brought her to her knees again.  Mike’s bag was on the floor in the entryway, and he was sitting on the couch.  He was home.  Kelly began crying again, thanking God and grieving for what she had done, and hoping against hope that there was still a chance for them.  She wanted to look at him, but she couldn’t.  Shame covered her like a blanket.  She fell on her hands and knees in front of him and sobbed, choking out words.
“Mike, I am so sorry.  Truly sorry from my soul.  God broke me last night.  I had never truly repented.  I felt bad and wanted to change, but I hadn’t let go of my sin.  I just hid it with good intentions.  I can’t do this without turning away from all of it.  I know that.  I want to so badly.  I want to be different…” she became silent.
For a long time Mike remained silent.  Kelly was sure he doubted her, that he thought this was just another empty promise in a long line of empty promises.  But then she heard him stir.  From the corner of her eye she could see him slide off of the couch and sit in front of her.  Slowly and gently, he took her shoulders and pulled her into his lap.  He was crying, and his tears fell on her.  He stroked her arm and looked her.  She still couldn’t look at him.  She was too ashamed.  Her took his other hand and turned her face toward his.   Then he lifted her up so that they were facing each other.  Tears were still sliding down his face.
Kelly looked into his eyes and stopped breathing.  His face was moving closer to hers, and then his lips brushed hers.  She brought her hands to his face, and he kissed her more deeply.  They clung to each other and wept while they kissed.  Mike pulled her close to him and held her tightly.  Kelly’s world spun as he held her and kissed her.  Then he stood and reached out his hands to her.  She took his hands, and they met again face to face.  He touched her hair, her cheek, and traced her lips with his finger.  Then he twined his fingers with hers and led her to the bedroom.
With the afternoon sun shining through the window, they held each other and came together in a way that was full of longing and sorrow and hope.  She allowed herself to stay in Mike’s arms and marvel at his unconditional love.  A verse came to her mind from Ephesians five:  Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church.  That was how Mike loved her, completely and truly and unconditionally.  After a while Kelly lifted her head and smiled at Mike.  “I have to get the boys.”
“In a minute,” Mike whispered, burying his face in her hair.  “I need to hold you for one more minute.”

Chapter 30
At the same time that Mike and Kelly slept in each other’s arms, across town Andrew was still nursing his anger.  Was this ever going to be over?  When would Kelly let him get on with his life?  He knew that she had cared about him; he knew that except for Mike, he was the only man she had ever slept with and that made it hard for her.  But it was over, and it had already messed up his life enough.  He was trying to focus on his relationship with God and his job, and now he was supposed to wonder every time he opened an email who he was really talking to?  When was he truly going to be able to forget what was behind him and press on unhindered?
As Andrew showered and got ready for work, he forced himself to calm down.  He thought about the email he had sent Mike.  He was sure that Mike had no idea that Kelly had another email account or that she had been emailing him, so he should probably have backed off a little.  After all, it wasn’t Mike’s fault that Kelly had lost it.  That wasn’t fair, he knew.  In his email to Mike he had practically accused Kelly of stalking and had all but said he’d have her arrested or something if she ever contacted him again.  He thought about what it must have done to Mike to find out Kelly had betrayed him again, and he wondered if Mike was still at home.  He was slightly uncomfortable at the thought of Mike leaving Kelly and the boys.  But it had really been Kelly’s fault.  Why couldn’t she let it go?
Still, Andrew’s email to Mike bothered him.  As he drove to the office, he felt he should probably send another email to Mike, a calmer one explaining what had been going on in his life.  He decided that even if Kelly was out of control, he could at least be civil to Mike.  During his lunch hour he closed his door and began composing an email to Mike.
“Mike, I am emailing you again for only one reason.  I was very angry last night, and I blasted you.  I am sure that you were shocked, and I’m sorry about that.  The reason that this upsets me so much is that I am trying to be a different person.  I have spent more time alone the past couple of months than I ever have, digging into God’s word and praying more than ever just to have Him change my life.  I want to forget what lies behind me and press on like Philippians says, but I can’t do that if there is contact with you or with Kelly.  Kelly is part of the old man, and I want to be a new creation.  That means I just can’t have her in my life at all ever again.  I am sure that is what you want me to do as well.  I hope that you and Kelly will be able to work things out.  This is the last email I am sending, now that I have told you about me.  Again, I am sorry about my part in all of this.  But it is time for me to be able to go on from here.  I hope you understand that, and I hope you can make Kelly understand too.  Andrew”
Mike read the email twice.  He felt sympathy for Andrew despite the knowledge that he had been a party to the whole situation.  Andrew’s life had been affected too, and he had been hurt.  He was trying to get things right.  Mike hoped that this time Kelly was doing the same thing.  He decided to call her and tell her about Andrew’s email.  Even though he didn’t agree with Kelly’s need to know, he felt she needed to hear it.
“Hello,” Kelly answered drowsily.
“You still asleep?” Mike asked.  “You okay?”
“No, I’m just resting on the couch waiting for the Excedrin to kick in.  Are you okay? Is work okay?”
“Yes,” Mike cleared his throat.  “Kelly, I got another email from Andrew.”
Kelly’s heart lurched.  “Is he – is he going to call the police or anything?”
“No, no, nothing like that.  He explained some things to me, and I thought maybe you needed to hear them too.”  He read the email to Kelly and waited for her to respond.
“Mike, I am so sorry.  I feel so ashamed.  Here he is, doing a better job than I am of turning back to God, and he doesn’t even have a family that’s falling apart.  Last night was real, Mike.  God finally broke me.  I know it will take a long time for you to believe the change is real.  But I will spend the rest of my life living it before you, whether you decide to stay or not,” her voice trembled on the last part.
“Kelly, I love you.  Am I hurt?  Yes, terribly, more hurt than I have ever been in my life.  But I can’t stop loving you, even if I wanted to.  I don’t know what will happen in the future.  But for now, I’m not going anywhere.”
Kelly fought back tears.  She had cried so much that her head was pounding and her eyes were almost swollen shut.  But there were tears in her voice as she told Mike.  “I love you, Mike.  I don’t deserve you.”
“I know you love me, Kelly.  I’ll see you this afternoon.  And I’ll pick up the kids.  You just rest.”
After she hung up with Mike, Kelly reached for her Bible again.  She had decided to go through the entire book of Psalms over the next few weeks.  She still felt too jumbled to write out thoughts or analyze God’s Word the way she used to.  All she could do was copy verse after verse as they spoke to her heart.  Before long, God’s words were speaking comfort to her.  She felt His love and forgiveness in a way she hadn’t in months.  And she was more determined than ever to cling to Him, to turn from her sin.  She read for about an hour and then slipped to her knees again, thanking God for His love and for Mike’s love, and pleading with Him to change her life.  When she stood up, she felt peace, but she also felt energized.  She spent the afternoon doing some of the things she hadn’t done in weeks: cleaning bathrooms, doing laundry, and washing dishes.  She couldn’t wait for Mike to get home, not just because she loved him, but also because she knew he would be so surprised that she had cleaned.  She chuckled at the thought.  He had always been so patient with her scattered messiness.  Just another thing about him that amazed her.
When Mike came home that evening, Kelly met him with a hug and the news that she had prepared his favorite dinner.  Hugs and fried chicken couldn’t assuage his pain, but at least maybe he would know that she wanted to change, to be there for him.  The boys ate in silence, still confused about what had been happening over the past few weeks.  But it at least seemed to them like Mommy and Daddy weren’t as upset anymore.  For that brief half hour, the house almost seemed normal.  After dinner, Mike went into the den and began watching his favorite game show.  Kelly snuggled next to him.  He didn’t put his arm around her, but he didn’t seem to mind the contact.  They didn’t say much, but it was a bit of a relief for both of them.  The talking, questioning, crying, and shouting had become too much, and the much needed quiet comforted them both.  Before long, Kelly became drowsy and got up to go to bed.
“Kelly, can I talk to you for a few minutes?” Mike asked.
“Of course,” Kelly replied, sitting back on the couch.
“I want to believe that you are truly serious about changing.  And I do love you.  Last night was wonderful.  But you have to understand that I might not always feel like that.  Some days, I want to hold you and not let go, but sometimes when I look at you, I see you and Andrew, and even though I have never asked for details, I can imagine what it must have been.  On those nights, I just can’t touch you or have us be together.  I know that affection is important to you, but I may have a hard time with it sometimes.”
Kelly took his hand.  “Mike, I consider myself blessed any time you touch me.  Sometimes I don’t see how you can.  I understand.  Good night,” she kissed him and went to the bedroom.
Mike sat awake for a long time that night.  His heart seemed to jump from emotion to emotion.  The last three months had felt like years.  Sometimes he was so angry; other times he just felt a horrible sadness.  A part of him wanted to forgive Kelly; another part of him wanted to get as far away from her as possible.  He cried out to God again, praying for the strength to do whatever God asked.  He read verses about forgiveness and love and compassion, but they almost seemed like a foreign language to him.  He believed Kelly was broken, but he was also afraid that if she ever had another manic episode, it might all happen again.  He could only pray that she would truly and change and would continue to take her medicine.  He had read that some people with bipolar disorder stopped taking their medication once they feel better.  That was one thing Kelly could never do.  Mike knew he couldn’t tolerate that.  After thinking through all of the emotions he was feeling, he decided to go to bed.
Kelly was asleep, her arm over her head and her hair spread out on the pillow.  Her nightgown had slipped off her other shoulder, and she looked like a dream.  Even though the last few months had been more like a nightmare, he still felt a love for her that he couldn’t explain.  He slipped under the covers, kissed her lightly, and went to sleep.  
Water was everywhere.  It was seeping in through the windows and the doors.  There was no rain outside, only water that was rising higher and higher.  Kelly tried to swim, but the ceiling was fast approaching.  She took deep breaths, straining to keep her mouth above water in the small space between the water and the ceiling.  But the space became smaller and smaller.  Finally, there was no more space; the room was completely full.  Kelly struggled to hold her breath, but her lungs felt as if they were about to explode.  Finally, she could stand it no longer.  She exhaled, and when she inhaled involuntary, water filled her lungs, burning her, taking her breath…
Kelly awoke gasping for breath, and sweating.  She looked quickly at Mike.  He was still sleeping peacefully.  She didn’t want to wake him, so she forced herself to breathe more regularly, to calm down and stop shaking.  Eventually she grew sleepy again, and her eyes closed.
Everyone was shouting.  They were angry, shouting over and over.  Kelly saw them surrounding her, fists waving in the air.  In their hands they held rocks.  Then she looked down.  She was standing on a platform, a scarlet “A” on her dress.  What were they shouting?  She strained to make sense of the noise.  Then she understood the words, terrible words she couldn’t repeat.  Judgment, condemnation, and disgust.  She looked down again, and she was covered with mud.  Then the mud turned to blood, and she cried out in anguish.
“Kelly, Kelly, wake up,” Mike was shaking her.  She continued to cry out.  “Kelly, please, you’re dreaming.”
She awoke then and clung to Mike, taking in gulps of air between sobs.  He held her tightly and tried to quiet her.  Eventually she stopped fighting him and held him.  Once again, she made herself take deep breaths in and out, but she couldn’t stop the crying.
“What was it?  What were you dreaming?”  Mike asked, his voice full of concern.
Kelly didn’t want to tell him.  She was too ashamed.  She buried her head in his chest like a little girl.  “They were all shouting at me, and the dirt turned into blood, and I couldn’t get away…” Kelly began sobbing again, unable to shake the terror of the dream.  Mike stroked her hair and spoke words of comfort to her.  His touch hurt; she felt so unworthy.  She pulled away from him.  “I want to take a shower.”
“Honey, it’s 2:00 in the morning.  Please go back to sleep.”
“I can’t sleep!  I have to take a shower.  I have to get it off!”
“There is nothing on you, Kelly.  You were dreaming.  It was just a dream.”
“No it wasn’t.  I have to take a shower.”  She tore away from his grasp and ran to the bathroom.  She turned the water on, then slumped over the toilet and gagged.  Then her gown was on the floor, and she was standing under the hot spray.  It was too hot, hotter than her normal showers, but she allowed the spray to wash over her.  She took a loofa sponged and scrubbed her arms, legs, and stomach.  She kept scrubbing.  After she was done, she crouched in the corner of the shower and wept again.  Mike pulled back the curtain and turned off the water.  He reached out his hand, and Kelly took it.  After wrapping her in a towel, Mike helped her again.  “I wish I could do something to stop this, Kelly, for both of us.”
For the rest of the night, Kelly slept fitfully.  Mike stayed up and watched her struggle.  His fear for her came rushing back.  Was Kelly spiraling downward again?  Would she even remember her dreams the next morning?  He prayed that God would spare them another emergency room nightmare.  He prayed that God would keep Kelly safe.  Lastly, he prayed that God would help him to take care of his wife when he was still hurting so badly.
Over the next few nights, Kelly continued to have nightmares.  At Mike’s urging, she went back to the doctor.  Once again, she had her medication adjusted and the nightmares stopped.  Both she and Mike hoped that this time, the improvement would last awhile.  But her spiral had scared them both.  She would have to live with this forever, this disease that affected her brain and emotions and seemed to at times threaten her very sanity.

Chapter 31
The holidays were approaching.  Kelly was looking forward to having some time with Mike, but she had mixed feelings about the holidays.  Some days, she didn’t even feel like putting up a tree; other times she was hoping the family time would be good for everyone.  When these thoughts became too distracting, she reminded herself that the focus of Christmas was the birth of Christ, the Christ who died for her, forgave her, and loved her with an everlasting love.  These were truths she had come to treasure more than ever before.  Growing up in a strong Christian home, attending church from birth, and having a close-knit group of Christian friends had been a bastion for her as a child and adolescent.  True, she had occasionally skipped a college class or made out with a boyfriend for longer than she should have.  But for the most part, Kelly had been a pretty good person and received Christ at a young age.  It wasn’t that she hadn’t known she needed God’s grace.  She had just taken it for granted and not really thought about it much.  Now, after such a fall, she realized how desperate she was for God’s presence in her life.  The adult choir had sung a song a couple of times entitled, “May We Never Forget.”  The second verse became Kelly’s theme:  “May we never forget how it felt to be lost and how it feels to be free.”  Kelly knew that after all she had done, she would never forget the grace of God in her life.  When she fixed her eyes on these truths, the holidays began to have more meaning and joy.
Mike was also struggling with the approach of Christmas.  Focusing on the birth of Christ helped some, but the conversation between Kelly and Andrew the previous December was never far from his mind.  For the most part, he was able to forgive Kelly day by day, but he struggled with anger again as the holidays drew nearer.  He wanted to lay it aside and focus on family and God’s gift of His son, but it was difficult.  He and Kelly talked long into the night several times, working through the difficult aspects of the holidays.  Kelly understood Mike’s emotions.  Sometimes, though, she wondered if they would ever be able to live without the constant memory of her sin.  But at least they were communicating.  As long as they continued to do that, there was hope for them.
One evening, Mike seemed more distant than ever.  After the boys were in bed, Kelly say down beside him and asked, “What’s wrong tonight?  Are you having a hard time?”
Mike didn’t look at her for a moment.  This had always bothered Kelly, but she was learning that she needed to allow Mike to think things through sometimes before he responded.  Mike finally answered without meeting her gaze.  “Do you know what day it is?”
“December 6th?”
“Yes, December 6th.  The day of your big celebration dinner last year.”
Kelly’s heart sank.  She felt badly that she hadn’t remembered it, and she felt sorry that Mike had.  “I’m so sorry, Mike.  I guess I had blocked it out of my mind.”
“I wish I could.  I wish I could block everything out of my mind.  Sometimes it’s so hard to think of celebrating anything this Christmas.  Sometimes it feels like a season of mourning instead of a season of joy.”
Kelly didn’t know what to do.  Sometimes when Mike was having a hard time, he didn’t want to be touched.  It was too painful.  So Kelly just looked at him tenderly and said.  “I know this is going to be a hard holiday season.  And I know it’s my fault.  I’ll do my best not to make it any worse by taking things personally.  I know sometimes I am not very patient.”
Mike looked at her for a moment and then looked away.  “I wish I could make this easier, but all I can feel right now is more anger.  Anger that you shared yourself with another man, anger that you didn’t tell me for so long, anger for the broken promises.  I may not be able to be close to you.”
Kelly’s heart grew heavy, but she knew that her actions were to blame.  She and Mike were closer than they had ever been in some ways, but her sin had been life changing for both of them.  Some of the changes were good.  They realized they could never take a break from their marriage; it had to be nurtured daily.  But there was also the pain that she had caused.  She and Mike had discussed other contributing factors to their problems, but there was no justifying adultery, and she knew it.
After a few minutes, Kelly took his hand.  “I know you sometimes don’t want to be touched when you are feeling so low.  But I want to reach out.  I’ll let go if you want me to.”
Mike covered her hand with his.  “No Kelly.  I don’t want you to let go.”
They sat that way for a long time, lost in their own thoughts.  Kelly prayed again silently that God would continue to work in their marriage.  Mike prayed for the strength to love Kelly through this latest storm.  Christmas would be painful at times, but at least they were both praying.

Chapter 32
While Kelly and Mike were trying to keep the holidays at least a little merry, Andrew was having his own struggles.  He knew God had cleansed him, made him new, and his relationship with Christ was stronger than it had been in a long time.  But it was December, and the memory of that first dangerous conversation with Kelly was still painfully clear.  At times he still wrestled with anger, but he had also taken responsibility for his part; he knew that Kelly hadn’t acted alone.
All of these emotions caused him to long for some time with his family.  He had always stayed around town for a few days before Christmas, hanging out with friends or loafing around his house.  This year, however, he planned to leave town on three days before Christmas.  True, he hadn’t told anyone including his family what had gone on the past year, but family time sounded like the best thing in the world.  Besides, with the two weeks of vacation he had decided to take, there was a greater chance that he would run into Kelly, and he definitely didn’t want that to happen.  He had seen her once, at the post office, and he had not enjoyed the feeling of having her so close.  So, at 4:00 pm on the 22nd, his car was loaded, and he began the drive to North Carolina.
At approximately 9:30 that night, he pulled into his parents’ driveway and took a deep breath.  He got his duffel bag and backpack out of the back seat and walked up the front steps. After fumbling for the key, he unlocked the door and stepped inside.  From the kitchen, his mother heard the door close and walked to the entryway.  
“Andrew!” she exclaimed.  “We didn’t expect you until tomorrow.”
“Yeah, well, I decided to go ahead and head out after school today.  I thought I’d surprise you.”
His mother hugged him and said, “Well, I’m glad you’re home.  After you put all your stuff in your bedroom, come on down to the kitchen.  Your sister’s here.”
Andrew walked into his bedroom and tossed his things on the floor beside the bed.  The constancy of his old room comforted him somehow.  He ran his hand over the furniture and then sat on his bed.  He sighed and lay backward on the bed, staring at the ceiling and drinking in the smells, sights, and feelings of being home.  He could feel his body and mind relaxing.  After a minute or two, he walked into the kitchen.
“Hey little brother,” Andrew’s sister hugged him and then punched him in the arm.  “Haven’t seen you in a while.  You know, the drive back here isn’t that long.”
Andrew punched her back.  “Yeah?  Well the road goes both ways, sis.”
“So glad you’re here, son,” his father hugged him and patted him on the back.
“It’s good to be here, Dad.”
They all chatted for a while.  Andrew mostly sat back and listened, basking in the normalcy he felt at home.  His sister gave him questioning looks a couple of times, so he joined in the conversation.  Eventually Andrew’s parents went to bed, leaving Andrew and his sister alone in the kitchen.
“Is Mark on call tonight?” Andrew asked.
“Yeah.  He agreed to be on call for the next two nights so that he could be home on the 24th and the 25th.”  Sandy refilled her coffee cup, stirred in some creamer, and then looked at Andrew.  “So little brother, what’s your deal?”
“What are you talking about?”  Andrew asked, genuinely puzzled.
“You forget I grew up with you.  When you come home you are usually full of stories about your clients, your friends, and what you’ve been doing.  Tonight you barely said a word until you caught me eyeing you.”  Sandy put down her cup and looked at Andrew pointedly.  “So again I ask you, what’s your deal?”
Andrew sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.  Until now, he had kept up his end of the vow of silence.  But now he wavered.  Not only did Sandy love him fiercely, he also knew she would never judge him.  He looked at her and shook his head.  “It hasn’t exactly been the greatest year of my life.”
Sandy slapped her hand on the counter.  “I knew it.  Spill it, little brother.”
Andrew looked at his feet and said, “This isn’t exactly a little deal.  I’ve done some pretty stupid things this year.”
When Sandy realized how serious Andrew was, she stepped closer and put her arm around him.  “What’s going on Andrew?  You know you can talk to me anytime, anywhere, about anything.”
Andrew covered his face for a moment.  Then he dropped his hand and began talking.  He started from the beginning, even before the “December conversation.”  As he told Sandy everything, he alternately paced and leaned against the counter.  Occasionally Sandy put her hand over his and looked at him with compassion and concern.  Finally, Andrew was completely talked out, and he sank into a chair, his face in his hands.
Sandy sat down beside him, struggling for words of wisdom.  “Andrew, I am so sorry.  I wish you had told me.  I would have been praying for you.  I would have come down to be there for you.  But I can understand why you felt you had to keep it a secret.  With me, however, you don’t ever need to be afraid.  I love you.”  She scooted her chair closer to Andrew and put her hand on his shoulder.  “You know that no matter what you’ve done, God forgives you.  He loves you…and so do I.”
Then Andrew did something he hadn’t done all year.  He wept, keeping his face in his hands.  He hadn’t realized how much it had taken out of him to bear all of this alone.  After a few minutes, he dried his eyes and squeezed his sister’s hand.  “I’m glad I told you.  I guess I needed to tell somebody.”  He stood up and looked out the window.  “And I’m so glad that 2002 is nearly over.”  After standing at the window for a few silent minutes, he turned to Sandy and smiled.  “Thanks, sis.  I’ll see you in the morning.’
Andrew lay awake in bed that night thinking about his conversation with Sandy.  He was glad he had told her.  He knew she would pray, and he knew he could trust her not to tell a soul, not even Mark.  He rolled over, and before he fell asleep, he prayed, thanking God for his family, his newfound closeness to Christ, and the chance to close one chapter and open another.
Even with the pain, that Christmas was one of the best of Andrew’s adult life.  Christ’s purpose in coming to earth was closer to his heart than ever, and he and Sandy often talked late into the night.  Home was a safety zone, a place to focus on the positive and renew his strength.  As New Year’s Eve approached, Andrew felt an anticipation of having a clean slate.  He knew God had already made him clean, but somehow the beginning of a new year seemed symbolic.  He knew that when he returned to work, he would be refreshed and ready to put all of his energy where it belonged.

Chapter 33
Christmas morning, Mikey and Sam woke with the first light.  They tried to play in their room until Mike and Kelly woke up, but the anticipation got the better of them.  The tiptoed into their parents’ bedroom and tapped on their parents’ shoulders.  “Mom, Dad, wake up. It’s Christmas.  We want to open out presents!”
Kelly and Mike yawned and stirred.  As soon as they sat up, the boys went running into the den.  Kelly rubbed her eyes and said, “Merry Christmas.”
Mike leaned over her and gave her a tender kiss.  “Merry Christmas.”
They had both had worries about what the holidays would bring, but on Christmas morning they were able to enjoy the day with their boys.  Mikey and Sam shrieked with delight over their gifts, and Kelly and Mike snuggled on the couch under a blanket, watching their sons’ faces.  After the presents had been opened and the wrapping paper was cleaned off the floor, Kelly went into the kitchen and began making breakfast.  Mike came up behind her and put his arms around her waist.  “I love you.”  He moved his hands farther up her body and whispered.  “I’ll save your present for later.”  Kelly blushed and shook her head.  How had she been so blessed?  Again, she stood in wonder over the love Mike had for her and the love God had for her.  Mike forgave her, God had cleansed her, and the doctor had finally found the right combination of medication to keep her erratic moods at bay.  For that moment, all was right with the world.
At 3:00, the Bowling family packed the car and headed toward Mike’s parents’ house.  Kelly had seen them once since she admitted her affair, and they had shown her nothing but compassion and forgiveness, but she still felt a little nervous.  Mike saw the concern etched on her face as they drove.  “Kelly, they love you.  You’re just as much their daughter as I am their son.  Don’t worry.”
Kelly smiled and leaned her head back on the seat.  Driving along the interstate always made her sleepy.  She dozed off and on while Mike drove, and before they knew it, the Bowling’s’ house was in sight.  Mikey and Sam were out of the car before it came to a complete stop, knocking furiously on their grandparents’ door.  Mike’s mom opened the door and said, “Who are these two little wild men breaking down my door?”  The boys smiled and tolerated the kisses she gave them and then went to see what there Granddad was doing.  They were definitely Granddad’s boys.
Mrs. Bowling hugged her son and then Kelly.  “I’m so glad both of you are here.  We’ve been looking forward to it all day.  She squeezed Kelly’s hand and gave her a look that said, don’t worry; you’re welcome here as you always have been.
On Christmas night Mike’s family - brother, sister, aunts, uncles, the whole group – gathered at his parents’ house to eat dinner and open presents.  The presents were mostly for the kids, so the adults talked and laughed and retold stories that had been told dozens of times.  While everyone was chatting, Mike’s Aunt Margaret pulled Kelly aside.  “Could we talk in the kitchen?”
Kelly nodded, wondering nervously what his aunt wanted to discuss.
“Kelly, I hope you don’t mind, but awhile back Mike’s mom told me that you had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  Kelly nodded, and Margaret continued.  “I think she told me because she wanted me to encourage you.  You probably don’t know this, but I have bipolar disorder too.  I was diagnosed in my late twenties.”
Kelly was surprised.  Mike’s aunt had always seemed so composed, so even and peaceful.  “I had no idea,” Kelly said.  “I’m glad Linda told you though.  It’s nice to know that someone else really understands all this.”
“Kelly, I want you to know that I have been praying for you ever since Linda told me.  You have been on my heart every day.  I also want you to know that if you ever need to talk or get discouraged, I am here.  All you have to do is pick up the phone.”
Kelly hugged Mike’s aunt, and they went back into the den.  Kelly marveled at God’s miracles.  Here was someone who knew what she had been going through, someone who had walked a lot farther down the path.  Margaret’s peace with her disease and evenness of mood and spirit gave Kelly hope.  Maybe it was possible to live without being at the mercy of one’s mind.
On New Year’s Eve, Kelly and Mike stayed up late after the boys went to bed.  They talked about the holidays.  All in all, they had gone much better than either of them had expected.  The promise of a new year filled them both with hope, and they snuggled and kissed on the couch like they had when they were dating.  Kelly felt her heart lighten as midnight came and went.  It was 2003, a brand new year.  A year without mistakes, sin, and regret.  As she lay next to Mike that night, she breathed a prayer of thanks.  She thanked God that Mike was still there beside her.  She thanked God that His forgiveness was complete and eternal.  And she prayed earnestly that God would keep them and help them to grow during the coming year.
Kelly slept in the next morning, and Mike carefully climbed out of bed and walked into the kitchen.  Even though he knew it was cold outside, the sun shone brightly and the sky was a bright blue.  He enjoyed the view and the moments of solitude.  There had been moments of pain and anger during the holiday season, but now that the festivities were over, Mike realized how blessed he really was.  His family and Kelly’s family had been so supportive.  He could see the changes in Kelly, her closeness to God and to him.  He never could have imagined on that terrible night in July that they would be here now, close and working and together.  The truth of what she had done still hurt, but the hope of what was to come was becoming stronger than the pain.  As he stood lost in his thoughts, Kelly came into the kitchen and rested her head on his back.
“What are you thinking?” She asked.
“I was just thinking about all we’ve been through.  Sometimes I can’t believe we have made it this far.”
“I know,” Kelly said.  “This morning when I woke up, it felt like we were starting over.  It’s almost as if we have been married all over again.  Who would have thought we would be standing here like this?”  Kelly kissed the back of his neck and then went into the laundry room to put in a load of wash.
Mike stood there for a long time thinking about what Kelly had said – a new start, almost as if they had been married all over again.  That was how he felt too.  He mused over their newfound love and passion, knowing that only God could have provided those things.  As he stood there, he thanked God for his miraculous restoration and asked Him for a way to tangibly express the newness of their lives.

Chapter 34
Andrew was glad to be back at the office.  He felt refreshed after visiting his family and having some time to himself.  The Sunday after he went back to work, he walked into his morning Bible study class and sat down, ready to learn from God’s Word.  Tom, the Bible study leader, sat down next to him.
“Andrew, I need to ask you a favor,” He said.
“Sure, Tom.  What do you need?”
“I’m going to be out of town next week.  I was wondering if you would teach the class next week.  I’ve got all the materials.  If you could help me out, I’d really appreciate it.”
“I’d be glad to.  Can you give me the materials today after Bible study?”
“Yes I will.  Thanks a lot.”
The Bible study that morning was about being made new.  It fit the New Year’s theme, and it definitely fit Andrew’s life.  As they studied the verses, Andrew realized that many of them were verses he had memorized and clung to for months.  It was amazing to know how relevant and unchanging God’s Word was.  How could a book be unchanging and yet be applicable to all people throughout all of history?  The class discussed the meaning of being made new and God’s forgiveness. Though Andrew often participated in Bible study discussions, today he was silent; thanking God inwardly that He had done such a work in his life.  As Tom closed the class in prayer, Andrew’s heart was full.
The worship that day was wonderful; they sang many of Andrew’s favorite songs.  He remembered the times, seven months before, when he had come to church with a heavy heart of conviction instead of coming with joy in the knowledge that he was doing everything possible to stay in the center of God’s will.  The pastor preached a sermon that was similar to the Bible study, but Andrew didn’t tune it out like he had in the past.  He listened to the verses again, and again he was thankful.  He was ready for a year focused on living in full submission to Christ.
That week was a blur of activity.  Andrew had been given a new account, and he was working with an agent who was relatively new at the firm.  He loved helping out the new agents, but it also meant a lot more work.  He was glad when Friday came.
On Saturday, Andrew was studying for Bible study when Chuck, a friend from his class, called him.
“Hey, Andrew, what’s up?”
“Not much.  Just studying for tomorrow’s lesson.”
“Oh that’s right.  You’re teaching tomorrow.  I’ll have to think of some deep theological questions to pass on to the class.”
“I don’t think so, not unless you want the book thrown at you – literally.”
Chuck laughed.  “Hey, I’m calling because we are having sort of impromptu get together at my house tonight before we head out of town.  There will be some friends from church and some of our neighbors there.  You interested?”
“Sure.  What time?”
“Around 7:30.”
“Do I need to bring anything?”
“Nah, we’ve got it under control.”
Andrew finished preparing for the lesson, and then he went grocery shopping.  There was no food in his house, so it was way past time to go shopping.  He was putting the food away when the phone rang again.
“Hey little brother, how’s it going?” Sandy asked cheerfully.
“It’s going great.  School is back in session, and I’m going to a party tonight.”
“You single people and your parties!  Listen, I wanted to call you to tell you something.”
“Okay, what is it?”
“Okay, I’ll tell you, but keep it under your hat.  I haven’t told Mom and Dad yet.”
Andrew grinned.  “You’re pregnant, aren’t you?”
“Yes!” Sandy squealed.  “We just found out on Friday.  We had been trying for a while.  Mark is on cloud nine.”
“I bet he is.  I’m so happy for you.  I’m going to be an uncle.  That’s pretty cool.  I’ll have to teach him everything I know.”
“Him?  What if it’s a girl?”
“In that case, I’ll keep the boys away from her!”
They chatted for a few more minutes, and then Sandy said she needed to go throw up.  Andrew told her that was too much information and hung up.  He smiled.  Sandy was having a baby.  She and Mark would make such wonderful parents.  It made him feel good that she trusted him with the news.  They had been close for years, but since Christmas, they were almost like best friends.  Andrew thought about being an uncle for the rest of the afternoon, and then he showered and got ready for the party.
Andrew arrived at Chuck’s house around 8:00.  The house was full of people, and Andrew gave up on finding the host.  He saw some friends from church and went to talk to them.  They laughed and ate junk food for about an hour.  Then everyone gradually moved into the den to watch a movie.  The floor was crowded with people, but there was a small section of couch that was available.  Andrew sat down and put his drink on the end table.
“Hi.  You must be Andrew,” a voice beside him spoke.
Andrew turned to say hello, and suddenly his mouth went dry.  Sitting next to him was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.  She had shoulder length hair the color of chestnuts and large green eyes.  Her face shone when she smiled.  Andrew swallowed and said, “Yes.  Who are you?”  He could have kicked himself.  Who are you?  What an idiot.
“My name’s Alyssa.  Alyssa Morrison.” She stuck out her hand.  Andrew shook it and had a strange out of body feeling.
“So you must live in the neighborhood.”
“Yeah, I live three blocks over in one of the townhouses.  I haven’t lived here long.  Actually, I think Chuck and Lisa wanted me to meet some church people.  They have been inviting me to church with them for a few weeks.”
Andrew’s heart sank a little.  She didn’t go to church?  He wondered if she was a Christian.  “You ought to come visit.  It’s a great church.”
“Yeah, that’s what Chuck and Lisa keep saying.  Since I moved here I’ve been driving home pretty much every weekend to go back to my old church.  I love it, and it’s hard to let go.  But I know God wants me to find a place here.”
Andrew’s heart soared.  She was a Christian, one who was trying to do what God wanted.  Of course, there were several other things that could have burst his bubble: a fiancé, a boyfriend, or a burly older brother.  But he hoped against hope that there wasn’t.  During most of the movie, which no one was really watching, Andrew asked her about herself and her family.  He found out that she was an only child and that she had grown up near Chattanooga Tennessee.  She had just started a job as an accountant at a local firm.  She loved music, skiing, and anything chocolate.  He told her about his family and their love for hiking in the mountains.  He told her funny stories about some of his clients and coworkers.  When the evening ended, he had to tear himself away from the couch.  
“It was nice to meet you, Andrew,” Alyssa said.
“You too.  Hope you come to church sometime.”
That night the last thing on Andrew’s mind was the next day’s lesson.  He never did this type of thing.  It always took him awhile to warm up to a girl.  He usually just played it cool for a while and was aloof.  But he kept replaying his conversation with Alyssa in his mind.  She was different from any girl he had ever talked to.  She laughed easily, talked freely about her faith without being preachy, and was easygoing and easy to talk to.  She wasn’t flirty, which Andrew had to admit disappointed him a little.  He wasn’t sure he had done a very good job of hiding how goofy his initial reaction to her had been.  She had probably laughed at him on her way home.  His face colored.  He rolled over and tried to think about the next day’s lesson.  He was looking forward to it.  But he had to admit he was also looking forward to the possibility that Alyssa would be there.
The next morning, Andrew woke up and went straight to the couch to go over the Bible study lesson for that morning.  It was about finding God’s will.  Since most of the people in Andrew’s Sunday school class were single professionals or newly married couples, it was a timely topic.  He went over his notes and then got on his knees.
“God, please help me to speak your words this morning.  All of us want to find and do your will.  I know that your word never returns void, so help me to rely on that as I teach.  Get me out of the way, Lord, so that they can hear your voice.  Oh, and Lord, I know that this may be small, but if Alyssa comes, help me to keep my eyes fixed on you.  Amen.”  Andrew began getting ready for church, and he shook his head, thinking about his prayer.  It was pitiful that he had to pray for focus over a girl he had talked to for two hours.  What was with him?  Maybe it was just a distraction.  Maybe, but he didn’t think so.  By the time he left for church, however, he was ready to get into God’s word and discuss it with his classmates.
These were already quite a few people in class when Andrew arrived.  They were talking, drinking coffee, and eating donuts.  Andrew grabbed a donut, said hello to a couple of people, and then got out his notes and opened his Bible to the first passage.  He didn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed that Alyssa hadn’t come.  After thinking about it, he decided he was relieved.  The last thing he needed was those green eyes looking at him while he taught.  Eventually everyone sat down and settled in.  Andrew asked Steve to open them in prayer.
While Steve was praying, the door opened and closed.  Andrew opened one eye and again, his throat went dry.  Alyssa had walked in quietly and was taking a seat.  Great, he thought.  How am I supposed to remember what to say now?  She had on a simple blue dress with her hair pulled up.  He couldn’t help but notice her long neck and the gentle curve of her jaw.  Lord, Jesus, help me focus, and not to pass out right here in Bible study.  God soothed his heart and his nerves, and when Steve finished praying Andrew was ready to teach.  He mostly read scripture and facilitated the discussion.  They talked about many verses and passages, but the one that seemed to become the focal point of the lesson was Jeremiah 29:11: I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for good and not for calamity, to give you a future and a hope.  They discussed the importance of trusting God and being open to His voice.  They discussed the fact that if they were in God’s Word and praying for His will, God would reveal it to them.  At the end of the lesson, they prayed with partners, and Andrew thanked God for helping him through the hour.
During the service he had trouble concentrating.  He had resisted the urge to go over and sit beside Alyssa.  He knew that concentrating on the sermon would have been impossible then.  However, he had a full view of her from his seat, and he watched her as she sang the songs, closing her eyes and worshipping God.  During the sermon she took notes and nodded from time to time.  Andrew turned his attention back to the pastor’s words and looked straight ahead for the remainder of the service.
“Hey Andrew, a bunch of us are going to eat at Lambert’s.  You want to come?”
For a spit second his heart lurched just a little at the thought of Lambert’s.  Then he saw Alyssa getting into the back seat of Samantha and Andy’s car.  “Sure, I’ll be there,” he said nonchalantly.
This time, Andrew did find a way to sit beside Alyssa.  Everyone ordered and then began chatting.  Andrew turned to Alyssa, “So, you decided to come.”
“Yes,” Alyssa said.  “I knew it was time for me to find a church here.  I really enjoyed your lesson by the way.”
“Thanks.  It seems to fit, especially for our class, where so many people are at a crossroads in their lives.”
“You know, Jeremiah 29:11 has always been one of my favorite verses.  When I graduated from college, my parents gave me this locket with the reference inscribed on the back.  She held up the locket and turned it over.  “The truth of it really encourages me when I am unsure of what God wants me to do or when I have questions about what is going on in my life.”  She spoke so easily and sincerely about her relationship with God.  Andrew was drawn to her, not just attraction, even though she was very attractive.  He was drawn to her spirit.
Throughout lunch, he and Alyssa continued to talk.  A couple of times he caught Samantha and Steve elbowing each other and smiling down the table at the two of them.  But Andrew didn’t care.  He was completely captivated by Alyssa.  Her laughter and smile, her beautiful mouth, the way she used her hands when she talked.  He was disappointed when everyone started to leave.
“Andrew,” Steve pulled him aside, “Samantha and I have some errands to run.  Do you think you could take Alyssa home? She lives in townhouse 4G.”
“Sure, I don’t mind.”
Steve raised an eyebrow.  “I didn’t figure you would.  See you tonight.”
Andrew walked over to Alyssa, trying to act casual.  “I guess I’m your ride home.  Chuck and Lisa said they had to run errands.”
“Okay, thanks,” she said.  “You know where I live?”
“I think so.   Townhouse 4G?”
“Yeah.”
They got into Andrew’s car, and he started the engine.  As they pulled out of the parking space, Alyssa said.  “I love this car.  My dad has pictures of himself when he was younger with a car just like this.”
This girl was too good to be true.  Andrew wasn’t sure how, but he was going to hurry up and ask her out before any of the other guys in his Bible study class came sniffing around.  They talked about little things on the way to her house.  He walked her to the door, aware that his palms were sweating.
“Thanks for the ride, Andrew,” she said.  “I might see you tonight.”  She turned to unlock her door.  Andrew felt a panic at the thought of her walking inside.
“Alyssa,” he said, and she turned around.  “Uh, if you come tonight, would you want to grab something to eat afterward?’
She smiled.  “Sure.  See you at church.”
Andrew walked back to his car in a daze.  When he closed the driver’s door, he punched his fist in the air and let out a whoop.  All the way home he thought about his date with Alyssa.  Of course, she might not consider it a date.  She might have just thought it was a friendly offer.  Andrew pushed the doubts to the back of his mind and decided to do what he had taught that morning.  “God, I barely know this girl.  But she is so different from anyone I have ever met.  If it’s your will for us to get to know each other, please open the door.  If not, please slam it shut because it might be hard to let this one go.”


 Chapter 35
On a Tuesday night during the last week of January, Mike woke up at 2:30 in the morning.  He was thinking of Kelly.  She lay beside him, her breathing deep and her chest gently rising and falling.  He couldn’t sleep; he was too excited.  After carefully getting out of bed so as not to wake Kelly, he stretched and walked into the den.  Sitting on the couch in the silence, he prayed.
“Lord, I think I am hearing your voice.  You have done such a miracle for Kelly and me.  I know you’re still working; I know there are still some bumps along the road ahead.  But I thank you so much for how you are restoring us.  God, you know what woke me up tonight.  Is this from you?  Is this something you want for us?  The idea excites me.  It would be so beautiful, such a picture of your love.  Give me wisdom, Jesus, and if this is your will, help the pieces to fall together.  In Your name, amen.”
After Mike finished praying, he opened his Bible and began reading passages:
Let me hear joy and gladness; let the bones you have crushed rejoice…For great is your love, reaching to the heavens; your faithfulness reaches to the skies…When we were overwhelmed by sins, you forgave us all our transgressions…But as for me, I will always have hope; I will praise you more and more…praise be to the Lord God, the God of Israel. Who alone does marvelous deeds.
The passages so perfectly with what God had done in Kelly’s life and in his over the past year.  He wanted to celebrate, to express the joy God have given them in the worst of circumstances.  The more he read and prayed, the more certain he felt about God’s direction.  At 5:00 he slipped back into bed, fighting the urge to wake Kelly and tell her what God had told him.  But as he lay there, he thought better of it.  Kelly would know when the time was right, and he hoped she would feel what he was feeling as he lay in bed.  He fell asleep and dreamed of what God had in store.
The next morning Kelly awoke, rolled over, and kissed Mike lightly to wake him.  He opened his eyes and smiled.  He pulled her toward him and held her closely.
“I heard you get up last night,” Kelly said.  “I wasn’t sure whether to go to you or not, but I had the sense that you needed time alone.  Is everything okay?”
“Yes, everything is fine.  God and I had some business.”
“What kind of business?”  Kelly looked slightly concerned.
“Don’t worry Kelly,” he touched her nose lightly, teasing her.  “It’s a secret between God and me.  We’ll tell you about it when the time comes.”
“Oh, so the two of you have been conspiring, have you?”
“Something like that.  And now I have to get ready for work.”  He kissed her and stepped into the bathroom.  Kelly heard him turn on the shower.
She sat up, wondering what Mike had meant.  She knew it couldn’t be anything bad; his eyes were dancing too much for that.  What was it?  Kelly had always been one who couldn’t stand to wait for anything.  As a child, she had always been the first one up on Christmas morning, using every ounce of willpower not to open the presents until everyone was awake.  The night before her wedding, she hadn’t slept at all.  She knew that it would be hard to wait for Mike on this one.  She silently thanked God for his work and His love for them, and then she got out of bed and started getting ready to do some work Bob had sent her.
Kelly spent most of the day doing research for Bob.  When she grew tired, she slept.  It was nice to be able to work when she wanted and to rest when she needed to rest.  She did spend several hours on Bob’s assignments, however.  He had been so flexible with her; she wanted to do her best work no matter where she was working.  At about 4:00, Mike walked in with the kids.
“You’re home early.  Not that I’m not glad, but what’s the occasion?”
“Now that we have expanded some and I have been able to hire a couple of new people, I won’t have to be there as much or as late.  This early stuff may become more of a habit.”
“I’m glad,” Kelly said, sitting close to him on the couch.  “We like having you around.”
“Oh do you now?” Mike asked.  He moved closer, and Kelly thought he was going to kiss her.  Instead, he wrapped one arm around her and tickled her mercilessly with the other.  Her shrieks brought the boys running.
“Daddy’s tickling Mom!” Mikey shouted.
“Yeah, let’s save her!” exclaimed Sam.  They both climbed onto Mike, but instead of rescuing Kelly, Mike grabbed the two of them as well and somehow managed to tickle everyone.  Finally, when Kelly and the boys were out of breath from laughing, Mike released the boys and put his arms around Kelly.  He gave her a dizzying kiss.
“Eww, they’re kissing again,” Sam said, wrinkling his nose.  “Let’s get out of here.”  The boys left, muttering about how gross kissing was.
“One of these days they aren’t going to think kissing is gross anymore,” Mike mused.  He kissed Kelly again.
“I’m counting on Jesus coming back before then,” Kelly laughed.
Dinner that night was simple, but Kelly savored the time together at the table; it was so normal and happy.  There were still times that Mike was distant, working through the hurt and anger and the desire to truly forgive Kelly.  She sometimes felt a terrible shame.  But not tonight.  Mikey and Sam chattered incessantly as Mike and Kelly smiled at each other across the table.
After the boys were settled in bed, Kelly took a deep breath, whispered a prayer, and sat on the couch beside Mike.
“Mike, can I talk to you for a minute?”
Mike looked at her.  “Sure.  What’s up?”
“I got an email from Bob today saying that he needed me to come in to the office for a few days.  I don’t want to, but I don’t know if I can tell him no either.”
Mike sighed.  “I assume that Andrew will be down the hall.”  He looked at Kelly.  “And this is something you have to do?”
“Yes, I really do.  I know it’s not an ideal situation.  But if you really want me not to go, I will tell Bob.”
“No,” Mike said slowly.  “Then you would have to give him some explanation, and that would get complicated.  I think I can trust you not to talk to him.  I’m sure he won’t be all that excited about this either.  So just try to keep your distance.  And would you tell me what happens?”
“Of course.  No secrets,” Kelly smiled at him and went to change for bed.
Mike sat on the couch for a moment, sifting through his emotions.  He always knew this kind of thing was a possibility.  He didn’t think Kelly was going to go rushing into Andrew’s arms, but he still didn’t like it.  In the end, he knew he would have to trust that their interaction would be limited.  And he believed Kelly when she told him no secrets.  That fact alone encouraged him.  They really had come a long way.
When Monday came, Kelly felt a dread in the pit of her stomach.  Even if she hid in her office most of the day, she knew she would see Andrew.  She wanted to get there as early as possible each morning so that she could retreat to her office before he arrived.  ON Monday Bob called a meeting.  Kelly got there as close to the meeting time as she could without actually being late. That way she wouldn’t have to feel awkward waiting there with Andrew in the room.  When she arrived, Andrew was sitting in the far corner of the room, and he didn’t look up.  Thankfully, there was one empty chair in the front of the room, and she could sit with her back to Andrew.  A few second after she sat down, the supervisor of Interdepartmental collaboration came in and started the meeting.
Kelly was silent for most of the meeting, taking notes and doodling in the margin of here paper.  They were discussing ways to make the departments more cohesive.  Finally, Andrew made a suggestion from the back of the room.
“Maybe we could work together on some of our accounts.  For example, instead of just one or two of us collaborating, we could form a cohort of several people so that each presentation will have more eyes and minds perfecting it.”  Everyone agreed that Andrew’s idea was a good one.  Kelly felt slightly sick.  She hoped that Bob wouldn’t ask her to be part of a cohort.  She just wanted to forget about Andrew’s presence in her life.  She and Mike were so close now, and she didn’t want the enemy to take an opportunity to disrupt that with memories of her sin.
The meeting adjourned an hour later, and Kelly gathered her things, careful to keep her eyes forward.  She felt someone pass her and move toward the door.  It was Andrew.  He didn’t look in her direction, and Kelly breathed a sigh of relief.  The meeting was over, and she could assure Mike that she hadn’t had any interaction with Andrew, not even exchanged glances.  She knew that Mike would be relieved.
On Friday nights Kelly and Mike usually stayed up late after the boys had gone to bed, talking or watching movies.  After assuring Mike that nothing had happened at the office, they settled in to watch a movie.  As they held hands on the couch, both of them were lost in their own thoughts.  Mike was relieved and more determined than ever to follow through with the plan that God had placed on his heart.  Even though he still struggled, he kept replaying in his mind what Kelly had said at New Year’s.  Kelly was thinking about how long they had gone without times like these for all those years.  In some ways, they were closer than they had been at the beginning of their marriage, and this always amazed Kelly when she thought about it.
After the movie, Kelly and Mike went to bed.  They lay there quietly for a while, and then Kelly propped up one elbow and smiled.  “So have you and God decided to tell me about your big plans?”
“Nope, not yet.  You can’t stand it, can you?” Mike grinned mischievously, putting his arm around her.
“Oh, I can wait as long as you need to wait.  I’m really not curious at all.  You just take all the time you need.  I can take it.”
“Liar,” Mike teased and held her tighter.  
Kelly pretended to pout.  “You are one cruel man, Mike Bowling.”
Mike laughed, and then his face grew serious.  “Have I ever told you I love you?”
“Maybe a couple of times,” Kelly laughed.  They fell asleep lying close together, each of them dreaming the kind of dreams that only come from the peace that surpasses understanding.
Saturdays were always special time for the Bowling family.  They spent the day going for walks, playing at the park, watching a movie, or playing board games.  It was protected family time, and everyone enjoyed it.  Sometimes on Saturday night, Kelly and Mike would hire a babysitter and go out to dinner.  It made the weekends a thing to enjoy.  The tradition began as a way to take the memories of those spring Saturdays off their minds.  But everyone had such a good time; they had continued it long after Saturdays were no longer stressful.  On this particular Saturday, it was unseasonably warm Kelly paced up some sandwiches, and they picnicked and played at the park.  Kelly laughed watching her 6 foot 2 inch husband crawling through the maze.  When he reached other side, he shook his head and mouthed, “Never again!”  There was a minor crisis when Mikey fell of a swing and scraped his knew, but a Band-Aid and a little attention quickly cured his pain.  At 3:00, the boys were worn out, and everyone was ready to go home.
On Saturday night, after Kelly and Mike went out to dinner, Mike went back the bedroom.  He told Kelly he had to make some phone calls.  Kelly had a feeling they had something to do with the “secret plans,” as she had come to refer to them.  She used every ounce of willpower she had to stay in the den watching the television and not to sneak back to eavesdrop.  She got the idea that part of the enjoyment for Mike was keeping it hush-hush, so had decided to humor him.  He eventually come to the den and sat beside Kelly.
“The big plan coming together?” Kelly asked?
“What makes you think that those calls had anything to do with a plan?” Mike said innocently
Kelly raised her eyebrows at him, and he broke into a grin.  “That’s fine.” She thought to herself.  “I can play it cool…I think.”

Chapter 36
Andrew was smitten; there was no doubt about it.  He and Alyssa had shared a few more dinners and a movie.  Every time Andrew was with her, he felt as if he was in a waking dream.  She grew more and more beautiful, and his respect for her strong faith grew the more he got to know her.  They hadn’t discussed whether they were actually dating or not, and Andrew hadn’t even tried to kiss her.  He wanted to make sure that God was leading them forward, and somehow he felt that Alyssa deserved the greatest of caution and care when it came to the physical side of a relationship.  She never got too close or voiced any expectations; she allowed Andrew to lead their relationship.  This was so different from any relationship he had ever had, and he knew it was because he was different.  With other girls, he would have already had a heavy make-out session or two, the temptation already rising.  But with Alyssa he felt as if they had all the time in the world.  It wasn’t that he didn’t find her attractive, she was dizzyingly beautiful and graceful and amazing.  Actually, it was the strong pull of attraction that caused him to keep his distance.  He was almost afraid that a single kiss would open the floodgates.  He occasionally held her hand, and even that small touch caused his heart to pound.
After several weeks, Andrew knew he needed to tell Alyssa what he was feeling.  He decided to make dinner for her.  He was not a bad cook, after all.  He could throw frozen lasagna in the oven as well as anyone else.  He spent the week praying about his desires, God’s will, and whether or not he was following God’s direction.  He had never wanted anything so badly in his life, but he was willing to accept God’s no if that was the answer; however, he sure hoped he wouldn’t have to do that.
On a Friday night, Alyssa came over to his apartment for dinner.  She brought some brownies she had baked earlier that day. When Andrew opened the door, the sight of her standing there, her hair pulled up, oven mitts holding the pan of brownies, he thought to himself, “Yep, that’s what my wife looks like.”  The thought made him nervous, so he shoved it to the back of his mind and said, “Hey, come on in.”  He took the brownies from her and placed them on the stove.
“It smells great in here.  What’s for supper?”
“I made lasagna,” Andrew replied.
“You made lasagna?  From scratch?”
“No, but Marie Callander did,” he teased.
Alyssa laughed that laugh Andrew loved and asked, “Mind if I look around?”
“That’s fine.  I’m going to check on the lasagna.”
Alyssa looked around the house.  She called to him from the study.  “You were a part of all of these ad campaigns? Wow.”
Andrew walked into the room and said sheepishly, “Yeah.  I had lots of help though.  We all work as a team.”  As he surveyed the campaigns he had worked on with Kelly, he felt a pang of guilt, but he tried to put it out of his mind.  This was his big night with Alyssa.
Alyssa looked at him.  “Has anyone ever told you that you’re too good to be true?  Do you have any faults?”
Her question took him by surprise, and his cheeks grew warm. “Well,” he cleared his throat.  “I have quite a few faults. I just hide them well,” he grinned.  “The lasagna is done by the way, but it needs to cool.  I thought we could talk for a while.”
The walked into the den and sat on the couch.  Andrew’s heart was jumping around, and his mouth was dry.  Why was it she did that to him every time he saw her?  “I wanted to tell you a few things,” he said.
“Okay,” Kelly replied, giving him her full attention.
“Well,” Andrew began.  “We’ve been spending a lot of time together, and we’re getting to know each other pretty well.  I just thought, you know, I would tell you how I feel about all this.”  He paused, trying to read her face.  She just smiled and nodded.  “Okay, well, I really admire you – your faith, your openness, and you’re so…well, anyway.  I would like to move this forward a little, to officially call this dating.  I have pretty strong feelings about you.  And…well, that’s it.  What do you think?”
Kelly laughed softly and moved a little closer.  “I’ve been praying about this too.  I have to admit; I feel more than friendship too.  I think…I think it’s fine to move forward.”
The urge to kiss Alyssa was so strong; Andrew felt he would die if he didn’t kiss her at that moment.  Instead he said,” The lasagna is probably cool enough now.  Want to eat?”
Kelly gave him a peculiar look, but she followed him to the table.  He pulled the chair back for her and served her.  Then he filled his own plate, and they began eating.  They were silent for a few minutes, but the silence was comfortable.  He was so glad he had finally told her how he felt, and he was extremely relived that she felt the same way.  Of course, he knew she might not feel exactly the same.  Andrew knew his feelings were stronger than he had indicated.  The fact was; he was already in love with Alyssa.
After dinner, they cut the brownies and went back to the couch.  Kelly had brought a movie, something light and funny, and they watched it, laughing and talking.  As the evening passed, Andrew grew nervous.  He had to kiss her; he just had to.  After the movie was over, he turned toward her.  “Alyssa, I don’t think I can stand it another minute.  I really want to kiss you.”
“I was beginning to wonder, “she teased.
His put a hand on her face and leaned forward.  The first kiss was short, light.  Then they moved closer and their lips parted.  Alyssa wrapped her arms around Andrew’s neck, and he pulled her close.  Before long, he began trembling, and he pulled away, taking a deep breath.  Alyssa pulled away too, and looked at him, blushing.  “I think we’re going to have to be careful about that.”
“Me too,” Andrew said.  But moved in and gave her another light kiss and brushed her cheek.
Alyssa put her hand on the side of his face, and smiled.  “Well, it’s getting late.  I guess I’d better go.”
Andrew walked Alyssa to the door, and they shared one more kiss before she left.  He heard her car start, and she drove away.  Andrew leaned against door.  “God, I love her.  Help me to wait for your timing to tell her.”
On Sunday, Andrew walked into Bible study and sat beside Alyssa.  Every once in a while they smiled at each other, but the lesson was very timely that morning.  It was about purity and God’s design for intimacy.  True, Andrew felt great respect for Alyssa, and they had only kissed, but he knew that God had timed the lesson for them.  Andrew’s feelings were so strong for Alyssa; he knew he would have to use all of his strength to resist taking her too far.  When the time came to close in prayer, Andrew took Alyssa’ hand, and he knew they were both praying the same thing, that God would direct their relationship and that they would follow his will for purity.
After church that day, Alyssa said she had a surprise for Andrew.  They took her car, and she drove them to a hiking trail about 20 miles away.  She got a backpack out of the trunk and handed it to Andrew.  “You can be chivalrous and carry this,” she teased.
They hiked through the woods and up a hill for about three miles.  When they reached a clearing, Alyssa took the backpack and set up a picnic.  They sat on the ground and began eating sandwiches and drinking water.  They talked about the church service, and Alyssa told him more about her family.
“My mom and dad were really young when they got married.  They got married, well, because of me.  I guess that’s why I have always been so careful about…things.  I don’t want to grieve God, and I don’t want that to happen to me.”  She looked away for a moment.  “Anyway, when I was ten years old, they divorced.”
Andrew took her hand.  “I’m so sorry, Alyssa.” His own parents had been married 35 years, and he couldn’t imagine how hard it must have been for Alyssa.
“Well, actually.” She smiled, “God did a miracle four years ago.  My dad became a Christian and asked my mom to reconcile.  They got remarried about six months later.  They’re so close and happy now, sometimes it’s almost embarrassing to me seen with them,” she laughed.
Andrew laughed with her.  “That’s what I want,” he said.  “I want to have that kind of love when I get married.  I want God to be the center and keep us close forever.”
Alyssa smiled.  “Me too.  And I know that if I pray and wait for God’s man for me, He can make that happen.”
Andrew’s heart swelled, hoping that he would be that man someday.  He didn’t know what to say, so he leaned forward and kissed her.  They sat that way for a long time, their kisses growing more and more lengthy.  This time, Alyssa pulled back first.  “I can’t do much of that.  It makes it hard to…not tell you how I feel, and I want God to lead us, not emotion.”
“That’s okay,” Andrew said.  “I feel such peace when I am with you, and I don’t want to do anything that might jeopardize that.  Besides,” Andrew took a deep breath.  “I think I love you.” He let the breath out slowly.  It was out there, and there was no taking it back.  If Alyssa didn’t feel the same way, this was probably it; she’d run in the other direction.
She looked at him as if she was looking through to his soul.  “I think so too.”
Before they left the clearing, they held hands and prayed, asking God to guide them and keep them in the center of his will.  They didn’t kiss or move too close to each other.  They both knew that it could lead them to a place where they couldn’t stop.  Andrew stood, helped Alyssa up, and they hiked back down to the car.
After church that evening, they both decided to go home instead of going out to dinner.  They both felt a little separation would be good for them.  Their attraction for each other was so strong.  Andrew spent the evening watching television and doing paperwork.  He also had a load of wash going in the washer.  After transferring his clothes to the dryer, the telephone was rang.
“Hello, this is Andrew.”
“Andrew,” said a broken voice, “It’s Sandy.”
“Sandy, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“No,” Sandy answered, fighting back tears.  “Andrew…I lost the baby.”  She began crying.
Andrew felt his eyes stinging, and his throat grew tight.  “Sandy, I’m so sorry.  When did it happen?”
“Well, on Wednesday I started having some problems.  The doctor told me to go to bed and rest.  But it didn’t help.  On Friday, I went back, and…and he told me I was having a miscarriage.  I feel so sad, like a part of me has died.  I guess in a way it has.”
“How is Mark?”
“He’s devastated.  He blames himself because he’s a doctor and he thinks he should have seen the signs.  But how could he know?  We’re just sort of holding onto each other for dear life right now.  I don’t know how I’ll get through this.  I wanted this baby so much.  And we had tried for so long….” Sandy began crying again.
“Sandy, I’ll come up this weekend.  We can talk.”
“No, no. I don’t want you to rearrange your weekend.  I’ll be okay.”
“Sandy,” Andrew said, “You were there for me during the worst period of my life.  I want to be there for you.  Besides, I need to talk to you too.  And it’s good news.”
Sandy sighed.  “Good news would be great right now.  Thanks Andrew, I’ll see you this weekend.  Oh, and Andrew, please pray for us.”
“Always, sis. Always.”
Andrew hurt for Sandy and for Mark.  And for some reason, he wanted to tell someone.  He wanted to tell Alyssa.  It was 10:30, and he hoped it wasn’t too late to call.  He dialed her number and waited.
“Hello,” Alyssa said.
“Alyssa, I hope it’s not too late.”
“Never too late for you, Andrew.  What’s up?”
“My sister just called.  I think I told you she was expecting.  She called to tell me that she had lost the baby.  I just wanted someone to pray for her.  She and Mark are crushed.”
“Andrew, I’m so sorry.  Of course I’ll pray for them.  I can’t imagine how they must be feeling.”
“I’m going up there this weekend.  I feel like I need to be there for her.  I know we were supposed to go hiking again-“
“Andrew,” Alyssa interrupted, “Being with your sister is more important than any hike.  Just be careful, and let them know I’m praying for them.”
Andrew hung up the phone and bowed his head.  He prayed that God would comfort Sandy and Mike and, in time, give them a healthy baby.  He also thanked God for Alyssa and her unselfishness.  He had almost told her he loved her, but it didn’t seem the time, after such bad news.  He knew, however, that he couldn’t wait much longer.  His love for her was absolutely real.  And he needed to tell her if he was going to ask her to marry him, which was exactly what he planned to eventually do.
Andrew called Alyssa several times that week.  She always asked about his sister, and she always told him that she was praying for them.  On Thursday, the night before he left, he and Alyssa went to dinner.  They talked and laughed at the restaurant for over an hour and then headed back to her townhouse to watch a movie.  They knew, as always, that they needed to be careful.  In fact, Andrew had given Chuck the phone number so that he could call them unexpectedly.  That way they never knew when he would call, and they would avoid letting anything get out of hand.   This time they watched a drama, and when the story became sad, Alyssa cried freely.  Andrew reached over and wiped her tears.  Looking at her while she cried, he was struck again by how beautiful she was – inside and out.  After the movie they sat holding hands for a while.  Andrew had wanted to tell her how he felt for a long time, but on this night he felt a prompting and an urgency to be completely honest.  He turned to face her and took both her hands.
“Alyssa, these last several weeks have been the best of my life.”
Alyssa smiled shyly.  “Mine too.”
“Alyssa, I love you.”
Tears formed in her eyes.  “I love you too,” she whispered.
Andrew pulled her to him, and she laid her head on his shoulder and stroked her hair.  “This weekend is going to be so long, not seeing you.” he said.  “I wish I could take you with me.”
“Me too, I would love to meet your family.  But your sister needs you.  There will be other times.  But I have to admit, I’ll be counting the hours until you came back.”
Andrew kissed her then, and this time there was no temptation, only joy.  Alyssa loved him.  He was sure God was pleased, certain that this was His will.  After a few minutes, he pulled back and said, “I love you.”
Alyssa laughed softly, “You mentioned that.”
“But I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of saying it.”
While he was driving home from Alyssa’s townhouse, he thought about their future.  He hadn’t talked too much about her to his parents; things had moved so quickly.  But he was certain of one thing; he would be talking with them on this trip.  They needed to know all about their future daughter-in-law.

Chapter 37
Andrew spent most of that weekend talking with his sister, allowing her to cry when she needed to cry.  Mark was constantly at her side as well.  It was clear that both of them were still somewhat in shock.  All through her childhood Sandy had played with dolls, daydreaming about having a real baby someday.  It had taken them so long to get pregnant that the miscarriage was especially devastating.  At one point, Sandy cried, “What if we are never able to have another baby?”  She wept at the thought.
“Honey, we will have children someday.  Whether you give birth to them or we adopt, we will have children.”  Mark held her, and Andrew sat with them, his heart breaking for both of them.
Even with Sandy’s sorrow weighing heavy on Andrew’s heart, however, he couldn’t stop thinking about Alyssa.  He had never loved anyone the way he loved her.  After all the mistakes he had made, he had wondered if God would ever trust him with someone as precious as Alyssa.  He thanked God for his grace and for sending him a girl that was so sweet and godly and pure.
There was only one thing that bothered Andrew, and as he and Alyssa grew closer, it had troubled him more and more.  Alyssa was completely open about every part of her life, past present, and future, even her times of pain and shame.  Andrew had told her many things about his life.  She knew he wasn’t a virgin, but her response had been, “Andrew, you are not that man now.  I never slept with any of my boyfriends, but I often went farther than I should have.  Is that really any different?”  Andrew had been so grateful for her response.  Lately, though, he felt as if he was hiding something significant from Alyssa by not telling her about Kelly.  He knew why he hadn’t told her – it was fear, plain and simple.  Sleeping with a girlfriend in college was one thing.  Sleeping with a married woman less than a year ago seemed very different.  What would Alyssa think of him?  Would it destroy the most wonderful thing on earth – his relationship with her?  He knew, however, that Alyssa needed to know the truth, and she needed to know it before he proposed.  If it was a deal-breaker, she had the right to make that decision.
So, on Sunday during his drive home, Andrew prayed, asking God to give him the words to say.  He asked that God would soften Alyssa’s heart, and, if possible, to give her the strength to forgive him.  There were no guarantees, and Andrew knew that.  In some ways he felt angry again.  His mistake was affecting his life once again.  He knew that God had forgiven him and he had truly laid it aside.  But if he really loved Alyssa the way he said he did, she needed to everything about him – no secrets.
When Andrew walked into his apartment on Sunday, the first thing he did was to call Alyssa.
“Hello,” she said.
“Hey, it’s Andrew.  I’m back.”
“I’m so glad.  How’s your sister?  I’ve been praying for them this weekend.”
“I think they’ll make it.  It’s really hard on them right now.  Sandy had a hard time getting pregnant, and she’s worried that she won’t be able to again.’”
“That must be so hard.  I know how I would feel if I found that I couldn’t have children.  I think I might send her a note.  Is that okay?”
Andrew’s heart swelled.  Alyssa was compassionate, thoughtful, and so amazing.  “I think she would really like that.  In fact, when she wasn’t crying, she was bugging me to take you up to see them,” Andrew chuckled.  Then he grew more serious.  “Listen, Alyssa, would you like to come for dinner tomorrow night?  I have really missed you.”
“Yes, those two days were torture,” she teased.  “Of course I’d love to come over.  Just remember our pact.”  They had made a pact to set a timer when they kissed so they wouldn’t get too involved.
“Okay, I’ll see you at around 7:00 then,” Andrew said.  “Oh, and I love you.”
“I love you too.”
Monday was torture for Andrew.  He couldn’t wait to see Alyssa, but he also knew that Monday night could be a turning point in their relationship, and he wasn’t sure which way it would turn.  He prayed constantly, even as he was teaching.  He did his best to keep busy preparing his latest presentation, but his mind kept wandering to the truth he would be telling Alyssa that night.  “Lord,” he prayed as he drove home.  “I confess to you I am scared to death.  Your Word says that you haven’t given us a spirit of fear.  I know that I am doing what you ask by telling Alyssa.  I want your will to be done.  But I’ll admit, Lord, if your will is for our relationship to be over, it’s going to be very tough.  Please guide us both.”
Alyssa arrived a little before 7:00.  She walked into Andrew’s house and immediately threw her arms around him.  He put his arm around her waist and cradled her head.  Then he kissed her; it was a kiss of anticipation and desperate hope.  They stood that way, and Andrew began to instinctively move his mouth to her ear, and then her neck.  Alyssa stiffened and said breathlessly, “What happened to that timer?”
Andrew laughed and pulled back.  “Sorry about that.  I guess I missed you even more than I thought.”  He sat on the couch to put some space between them.
“I’m hungry,” Alyssa said, walking into the kitchen area.  “What did you take out of the box this time?” She teased.
“I’m hurt,” Andrew said, following her.  “I thought you liked frozen lasagna.”
“To be honest, I don’t care what we eat,” Alyssa replied, walking to him and placing her hand on his cheek.  “I’m just glad to be here.”
“In that case,” Andrew said and swallowed.  “Let’s talk for a while.  God has really laid something on my heart.”
They sat on the couch, and Andrew put his elbows on his knees and ran a hand through his hair.  He had no idea how to start.  His heart beat in his chest, and he felt a twisting in his stomach.
“Andrew, whatever it is, you can tell me.  No secrets, remember?”
That gave Andrew the strength he needed to begin.  “Alyssa, I love you so much.  I want what is best for you, for us.  We’ve shared so much about each other.  I know you’re failings.  You know most of mine.  Most, but not all.”
“Andrew, nothing you could say could ever change the way I feel about you.  Please don’t be afraid.”
Andrew took a deep breath.  “Well, this time last year I was far from God.  I began ignoring Him.  I was still attending church and Bible study, still going through the motions, but I allowed myself to get caught up in a fantasy.” He paused and looked away for a moment.  “I had been friends with a coworker, and I became attracted to her.  I never planned to do anything about it, but then she told me that she was attracted to me too.  We managed to keep things at bay for a while.  But then, last spring, we….” He didn’t know how to continue.
“Andrew, you have told me about this sort of thing.  I already told you that I know you aren’t that man anymore.  It may hurt a little, but it doesn’t change anything.”
He took Alyssa’s hand.  “This is different.  It’s worse.” He took a deep breath and looked at her.  “She was married.”
Alyssa looked at him for a moment, feeling as if the breath had been sucked from her body.  She knew that it had been hard for Andrew to tell her, and she knew that in God’s eyes it was no different from the other things he had done.  But it felt different somehow.  Like Andrew had said, it seemed worse.  She looked at the floor and tears formed in her eyes.
Andrew’s shoulders slumped.  “I was afraid it might change things, but I knew I had to tell you.”  He tried to read her thoughts.  “Can you tell me what you’re thinking?” He asked softly, afraid to hear her answer.
Alyssa was silent for so long that Andrew wondered if she had even heard him.  Finally she looked up, and tears were streaming down her cheeks.  “Andrew, I love you so much.  Your telling me this doesn’t stop me from loving you.  But…it’s such a shock.  I don’t know, I guess like you said, it seems different somehow from sleeping with a girlfriend in college.  I love you so much, I really do, but…” Her voice died away.
Andrew felt his own breath being sucked away.  Alyssa felt differently about him.  Even with her eyes clouded with tears, he could see the hurt and disappointment.  “Alyssa, you deserve a man with no past, someone as pure as you are.  I understand if this changes everything.  I’m praying it doesn’t.  But I understand if it does.”
“Oh, Andrew, I don’t want it to.  I can’t imagine not being with you.  I don’t want it to change anything either.  But this is big, something I never expected.  I think I might need time to sort this out.  Is that okay?”
“Yes,” Andrew said, defeated.  It felt like she was already slipping away.
Alyssa stood up and wiped tears from her face.  “I know you cooked.  But I need to go home and pray.  I need some wisdom and direction.  I’m so sorry Andrew, but I need to go.”
Andrew walked her to the door slowly.  She reached for the doorknob, then turned back to him and held him tightly.  She ran her fingers through the hair on the back of his neck and kissed him.  This time, it was her kiss that was full of desperation.  She pressed her lips to his, and he tasted her tears.  She held him more tightly, putting her hands around his back and pressing into him.  Once again, Andrew moved his lips to her ear, her throat, the bit of shoulder exposed from her shirt.  Alyssa didn’t pull back.  She began breathing more deeply, willing Andrew not to stop.  Finally, Andrew tore himself away from her.  “I love you,” he said.  “Go, just go.  If you don’t go now I don’t think I’ll be able to let you go.” 
After Alyssa left, Andrew closed the door and rested his head against it and cried out, “God, please don’t let her leave.  Please help us Lord.  I don’t think I can live without her.”  Exhausted, he took the casserole out of the oven and left it on the counter.  He couldn’t eat.  He lay on the bed with his clothes still on and fell asleep.


Chapter 38
At the beginning of February, Kelly had another bout with her shifting moods.  At first, she brushed off Mike’s concerns, but he knew something was wrong.  Their communication, which had been so much better, seemed to be breaking down again.  Kelly began growing more and more defensive, and at times it was hard to follow her conversations.  She seemed irritable and distracted sometimes.  Then, an hour later, she would be on the couch, silent and staring ahead.  Kelly began to see the differences too, and she called Dr. Weaver, who told her to come in the next day.
In Dr. Weaver’s office, Kelly discussed how the last several weeks had been, the rapid fluctuations from agitation to depression.  She told the doctor about the toll it was taking on her marriage.  
Dr. Weaver listened and asked Kelly a few questions.  Then she asked Kelly, “Do you know what a mixed state is?”
I’ve read about that.  It’s when people cycle from mood to mood very quickly, even several times a day.” Kelly replied.  Then the realization hit her.  “That’s exactly what I’ve been doing.”
“I think so too. I’m going to increase your Lamictal dosage and reduce your antidepressant.  That should give you some relief.”
Kelly went home and told Mike what Dr. Weaver had said.  He agreed with the assessment.  Over the next couple of weeks, Kelly’s erratic moods improved and she seemed more like herself.  They were both relived.
As February was drawing to a close, and Kelly’s spirits lifted, Mike was fairly bursting with his own excitement.  Kelly had given up trying to pry information out of him, and he was glad.  It was all he could do not to spill the whole plan.  His parents and hers were praying for them, and they were just as excited as he was.  They had seen the differences in Kelly and Mike and their marriage.  It was a miracle for all of them.  A picture of God’s grace and the offer of new life.  Both of Kelly’s siblings and Mike’s sister and brother were in on the plan, sworn to secrecy.
As March approached, Mike began putting the final touches on his scheme.  Each member of the “conspiracy” was given a different duty, and Mike was taking care of the final details on his end.  Kelly began to wonder if she was ever going to know what was going on in Mike’s head, but she didn’t press him.  He was like a little boy getting ready for Christmas morning, and she enjoyed watching him almost skip around the house each day.  Mikey and Sam didn’t know what was going on either – they would never have been able to keep the secret.  Sometimes, though, they looked at each other and commented, “Daddy sure is goofy.”
While Mike conspired, Kelly threw herself into her consulting work and her private time with God, enjoying both so much more than she had before.  She felt once again that she was truly becoming whole.  This time last year, she was far from God, seeking to fulfill a fantasy that threatened to destroy her marriage.  God’s faithfulness washed over her again, and she thanked him for his love and restoration as she sat typing at her computer.
On a Friday, Megan called Kelly’s to chat.  “Hey girl, I never talk to you anymore.  You and Mike must really be mending the fences.”  Kelly had told Megan that she and Mike were working on their marriage.
“We are,” Kelly said, smiling broadly.  “It’s almost like being married all over again.”
“I am so glad, Kelly.  This time last year you really had me worried.”
“It’s amazing what can happen in a year.  And it’s amazing how God really can work everything together for good.”
Megan wasn’t a Christian, but she knew that Kelly was, and Kelly’s mention of God had never bothered Megan.  “Well, it certainly seems like things have changed for you.  Good for you.”  Megan paused for a minute, then added “Hey, by the way, I hear Andrew has finally found a woman.  They’re pretty serious from what people say.  I was beginning to wonder if he even liked girls,” Megan joked.  Kelly knew she wasn’t serious; Megan had gone out with Andrew a few timed when he first began working at the agency.
Kelly was surprised that she no reaction.  She was genuinely happy for Andrew, and the thought made her smile.  God’s restoration had apparently been complete for both of them.  Kelly smiled and said, “Well, good for him.”

Chapter 39
On Tuesday morning, Chuck called Andrew.  Andrew wondered why Chuck would be calling so early.  He answered the phone and asked, “What’s up, Chuck?”
“Andrew, I don’t know how to tell you this.” He paused.  “Alyssa has had an accident.”
Andrew’s stomach tied itself in knots and he gripped the phone tightly.  “What happened?”
“A truck ran a red light a few blocks from her house.  She was driving to pick up a friend for breakfast.  The truck hit the driver’s side of her car, and he was going pretty fast.”
Andrew felt himself falling, and he felt dizzy.  He sank into a kitchen chair and put his elbows on his knees.  “Is she-,” He couldn’t continue.
“No buddy, she’s alive.  But she’s hurt pretty badly.  I figured you’d want to come right away.”
Andrew thanked Chuck for the call and then called his mother.  “I have to go,” his said, dazed.  “Alyssa, she’s…” He started crying.
His mother asked him, concern in her voice.  “What is it?  What happened?”
“She was hit by a truck.  Chuck says she is hurt pretty badly.  I don’t know how badly.  I have to go.  Now.”
“Of course,” his mom said.  “Can I help do anything?”
“Pray, Mom.  Pray harder than you ever have.”
Within two minutes, Andrew was on the road.  He did his best to stay within the speed limits, but he had never been so scared in all of his life.  He knew he would die inside if Alyssa wasn’t okay.  After all the changes, all the restoration over the past year, he just couldn’t lose the first girl he had every really loved.  He prayed desperately that God would save her, heal her.  He wiped the tears that blurred his vision.
Ten minutes later, he was in the hospital waiting room.  After Alyssa had been stabilized, she was sent to surgery to have her spleen removed.  Her parents spotted Andrew and called him over.
“She was asking for you,” Alyssa’s father said hoarsely.  “I’m so glad you’re here.  She didn’t want to go to surgery until you came, but the doctor told her she couldn’t wait.”
Andrew tried to speak, but he couldn’t.  He squeezed Alyssa’s father’s hand and hugged her mother.  Then they sat quietly, their heads each bowed in prayer.  The waiting seemed endless.  Andrew tried to focus on his prayers, but horrible questions filled his mind.  Would she die?  Would she ever recover?  How would he make it if he lost her?  How would her family make it?  Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the doctor came out.
“The surgery went well.  She’s still sleeping, but we’re hopeful.  She’s in ICU, but you can all go in for a few minutes.”
Andrew hung back as her parents went in, knowing they needed time alone with their daughter.  After a few minutes they motioned for him to come into the room.  They all held hands and took turns praying.  Then her mother and father patted him on the shoulder and left, giving him time alone with Alyssa.  He slid a chair close and took her hand.  She looked so pale, so fragile, but she was so beautiful.  He could have almost imagined that she was simply sleeping had it not been for all the tubes and monitors.  He whispered to her, begging her to get better, telling her how much he loved her.  The doctor came in and told Andrew it was time to end the visit.  Reluctantly Andrew stood and then leaned over and kissed Alyssa, smoothing her hair.
During the next few days, Andrew and Alyssa’ parents stayed at the hospital round the clock.  She was moved out of ICU and into a private room, but she was still sedated most of the time.  Mr. and Mrs. Morrison and Andrew took turn sleeping in Alyssa’ room.  Andrew treasured the nights he spent there, waiting for Alyssa to awake for a few moments and squeeze his hand.  He brushed her hair and helped her sip water.  They talked very little because Alyssa was still so weak.  Andrew prayed unceasingly that she would recover fully.
After ten days, Alyssa seemed to be making improvement.  Mr. and Mrs. Morrison told Andrew to go home and rest.  They promised to call him if anything changed.  Andrew went home and took a shower, something he had only done once since the accident.  He called his family and updates them on Alyssa’s progress.  Then he stepped into shower.  As the hot water sprayed over him, he cried from exhaustion and worry.  He had almost lost her.  He made a decision standing there.  As soon as Alyssa was feeling well enough to talk, he wasn’t waiting any longer.  He was going to ask her to marry him.  It didn’t matter how long they had known each other.  She was God’s woman for him; he was surer of that than ever.  Even though the Morrison’s hadn’t called, Andrew went back to the hospital.  He knew he needed to talk to them before he talked to Alyssa.
“Andrew, we thought you would rest for a while.  What are you doing back here so soon?”
“I just,” he paused, gathering his courage.  “I wanted to talk to both of you.”  He sat down in an empty chair across from her parents.  They exchanged knowing glances, but they let Andrew talk at his own pace.
“I love your daughter.  I love with everything I am.  I know that might seem strange after such a short time.  But I have prayed, and I know this is real.”  He lost a little steam and wondered how to proceed.  “I just wanted you to know that, and I wanted to ask you,” he looked at his hands and took a deep breath.  “What I mean is, I want to ask your permission,” again he paused.
Mr. Morrison reached over and patted Andrew’s shoulder.  “Are you trying to tell us you want to marry our daughter?”
Andrew smiled with relief.  “Yes sir, that’s what I am trying to say.  I want to marry your daughter.  And I am asking your permission.”
Mr. And Mrs. Bowling held hands and studied Andrew for a moment.   Mrs. Bowling spoke first. “You may not know this, Andrew, but Alyssa called us after your first date.  She told us she had met the man she was going to marry.  We were skeptical at first, but as she told us about your relationship, how much you had prayed together, how much she loved you, we knew.”
“In other words,” Mr. Morrison smiled, “Yes, you may marry our daughter.”
Andrew couldn’t move, but he felt like he was flying.  He was going to marry Alyssa, that is, if she said yes.  But something told him that God had already taken care of that.  It was at that moment that the doctor stepped out and said, "Alyssa is waking up. She wants to see you.
Andrew nodded at the Morrison’s.  “You go first,” he said.
“Nervous, are you?” Mr. Bowling joked.  He squeezed Andrew’s shoulder, and then he and his wife went into Alyssa’s room.  While they spoke with her, Andrew paced, trying to come up with the right words.  He didn’t have a ring, but it didn’t matter.  When Alyssa got out of the hospital, they would pick out the most beautiful ring anyone had ever seen.  After several minutes, her parents came out of the room.  “Your turn, son,” Mr. Bowling said, a twinkle in his eye.
“Hey, stranger,” Andrew said as he sat on the edge of her bed.  “Glad to have you back.”  He leaned down and kissed her lightly.  Then she pulled him closer and gave him a kiss that left him breathless.  “Well, you are feeling better, aren’t you?”
“Now that you’re here,” she said.  “I love you, Andrew.”
“I think you’ve mentioned that,” he said.  Then he grew serious.  “When Chuck called…I have never been so scared in all my life.  I think it’s the hardest I have ever prayed.”
Alyssa squeezed his hand and looked into his eyes.  “I couldn’t leave you Andrew.  There was no reason to worry.”
“Alyssa, I am so sorry.  Sorry that you are having to go through this, sorry that I let you down, sorry for everything,” he choked.
Alyssa reached up and touched his face tenderly.  “You know what I was thinking while they were trying to stabilize me in the emergency room?  I was thinking that if God allowed me to get better, nothing was going to keep me from you – nothing.  I love you more than I have ever loved anyone in my life.”
Andrew cleared his throat.  This was his opportunity.  “I’m glad you feel that way, because…Alyssa, I love you more than I ever thought it was possible to love a human being.  You are God’s gift to me, and I don’t want to waste another day.  Alyssa, will you marry me?”
Alyssa smiled.  She struggled to sit up, and tears were in her eyes.  She threw her arms around Andrew and shouted, “Yes!”
Mr. and Mrs. Bowling heard her from the waiting room, and they rushed in excitedly.  All of them embraced and talked at once and celebrated the good news.  Then, automatically, they joined hands and prayed.

Chapter 40
On the morning of March 21st, Mike woke before Kelly and placed a small gift on her pillow.  He turned off her alarm clock and went into the kitchen to make breakfast.  Even though Kelly was supposed to go into the office and meet with Bob, Mike had called asking if she could postpone for a couple of days.  After he told Bob about his plans, Bob had laughed and said that Mike and Kelly could take as much time as they needed.  Kelly rushed in a few minutes after Mike started making breakfast and said, in a frenzy.  “My alarm didn’t go off!  I’m going to be late!”
“Don’t worry about it.  I called Bob and told him you weren’t coming in.”
“Hooray!  I finally get to know what the secret is!”  Kelly stood on her tiptoes and kissed Mike.  She saw the breakfast he was making.  “You can bring me that in bed.”
“That was the plan,” he said wryly.
“Wait, where are the boys?”
“Karen dropped by a few minutes ago to take them to school.”
Kelly climbed back into bed, wondering what Mike’s plans were for the day.  Were they going on a picnic?  It was the first day of spring, one of her favorite days of the year.  It represented new life, things blooming, and warmth.  Before long Mike came in with a tray and sat beside her.  “You don’t want me to feed you, do you?” he asked.
.Kelly punched him in the arm.  “No, silly.  Wait! Are there grapes on this plate?”
Mike rolled his eyes and watched her eat.  They talked about trivial things and then lay in bed watching game shows for a while.  Finally, Kelly stretched and said, “School or no school, it’s time to take a shower.”  She got up and went into the bathroom.  She was just about to wash her hair when the bathroom door opened.  Sometimes when Mike was feeling mischievous, he would flush the toilet and laugh as she screamed when the water turned cold.  She braced herself.  But Mike didn’t flush.  Instead, he pulled back the curtain and stepped into the shower with her.  Her heart flip-flopped as he moved nearer and kissed her.
A little while later, they were both dressed and sitting on the couch relaxing.  They decided to play a game of cards; Kelly beat Mike twice, and then he said, “I’m hungry again.  Let’s go to lunch.”
He took her to a little café.  It was a place she loved to go with friends, but Mike had always said the food was too “girly.”  However, he knew it was one of her favorite places, so this time he indulged her.  As they sat at the table, Kelly asked, “So is this the surprise, a wonderful day off with all of my favorite things?  This is great.”
Mike smiled, “Something like that.”
After lunch, Mike took Kelly to a few antique shops.  She loved trying to find bargains or interesting things.  At the last store, Mike found a beautiful broach and bought it for her.  She threw her arms around him and gave him a lingering kiss right in front of the saleslady.  The woman just smiled and sighed wistfully.  “Just like my husband and I used to be when he was still on this earth.”  Mike took Kelly’s hand, bid goodbye to the shopkeeper, and escorted Kelly to the car.
As they were driving home, Andrew said casually, “Your parents called last night.  I forgot to tell you.  They planned a trip to Destin this weekend, and they said they’d be stopping by today on their way.  I thought maybe we could go to dinner with them or something.”
Kelly was pleasantly surprised.  “Great!  It’s been awhile since I’ve seen them; things have been so busy.  What time will they be here?”
“I’m not sure.  Sometime late this afternoon, I guess.”
When they arrived at home, Andrew told her he needed to go to this office for just an hour or so.  Kelly decided to stretch out and take a nap, something she was never able to do on a school day.  She only dozed, but it felt wonderful.  She lay there thinking about the day, how sweet it had been for Mike to plan this for them on one of her favorite days of the year.  The sun was shining outside, and she was tempted to take a walk, but she wasn’t sure when Andrew would be home.  She did, however, do some housecleaning in case her parents came by the house before or after dinner.
Mike arrived home at about 4:00.  He tossed his briefcase on a chair and sat on the couch beside Kelly as she folded clothes.  “I told Karen to keep the kids for a while after school so that we could have plenty of time together,” he said.  He put the laundry basket aside and pulled her to him.  She laid her head on his shoulder and sat that way until the phone rang.
“Kelly!  It’s Mom.  We’re in town and check into a hotel.  Have you had a good day?”
“Wonderful day,” Kelly answered.  “Mike’s been spoiling me all day.”
“Listen, do you think you could get Mike to drop you off at the hotel before we go to dinner?  I bought you a few outfits, and I wanted you to try them on to make sure they fit.  Plus, I wouldn’t mind a little mother daughter time.”
Kelly asked Mike, and he agreed.  “That would be fine.  You want me to come on over?”
“Yes, then we’ll have some time to spare.”
Mike drove Kelly to the hotel and told her he would see her at dinner.  She knocked on the hotel door, and her father answered.  “Well, there’s my little girl!  Come on in.”
He hugged her as she steeped in the door and then went back to the bed to watch baseball.
“It’s so good to see you,” her mother said as she hugged Kelly.  “You look so good.  Ready to try on some clothes?”
Her mom had bought her a couple of summer outfits. They were cute and fit perfectly.  Then her mother pulled something from her hanging bag.  It was a beautiful pink dress.  It was a flowing material with an empire waist and tiny pearls lining the neck.  Kelly fingered it and said, “Wow.”
Her mother smiled.  “I couldn’t resist.  I thought you could wear it on Easter on some special occasion or something.”  Kelly tried it on and came out of the bathroom with a flourish and a twirl.  “Oh, honey, it’s beautiful,” her mother exclaimed.  “Why don’t you wear it tonight?  We’re taking you to that really fancy restaurant tonight, the one you told us about awhile back.”
“Do I need to call Mike and tell him to wear a coat and tie?”
“No, we told him.”
“Oh, so you were in on this special day conspiracy.  I guess we’re capping off the night with a fancy dinner.”
Kelly’s mother smiled.  “Well, we wanted to do something special for the two of you.”
At 5:30, Kelly and her parents got into the car and her father began driving.  They turned left at a red light, and Kelly looked at them, confused.  “You turned the wrong way at that light.  Carmello’s is to the right.  Didn’t Mike give you directions?"
Her parents didn’t respond, and Kelly dropped it.  Her dad was notorious for not asking for directions.  She figured whenever they got lost enough, he would break down and ask for her help.  Kelly leaned back in her seat and shook her head, chuckling softly.  In a few minutes, however, they turned into the park.  Kelly was confused; maybe her dad was stopping to get his bearings.  Instead, her parents got out, and her dad opened the door for her.
“We’re going to the park in our dress clothes?  What in the world is going on?”  Her parents didn’t answer, but her father took her hand.
They reached a clearing, and Kelly’s breath caught.  There were flowers everywhere and a trellis with roses.  Mike’s parents, brother, and sister, and their families were there as well as Karen and the boys.  Mike had his back toward her, and she couldn’t tell whom he was talking to.  Finally he turned around and smiled at her. He walked to her and took both of her hands.  As if on cue, everyone else sat in the folding chairs except the man Mike had been talking with earlier.  It was their pastor.
“Mike, what is all this?  Is this part of the secret you’ve been keeping?”
“Yes, it is,” he replied.  He kissed her lightly.  “A few months ago, you said that God had done so much for us, it was like being married all over again, and you were right.  I thought we might want to make it official.”  He knelt down without letting go of her hands, and she realized what he was about to do.  “Kelly, will you marry me all over again?”
Kelly fought back tears, but they rolled down her face anyway.  She couldn’t speak for a moment.  Then she said, “Yes I will.”
Mike stood then and kissed her.  They forgot about their families and drew the kiss out, holding each other more tightly.  The pastor cleared his throat and said, “Are you two ready?  That’s supposed to come at the end of the ceremony.”  Everyone laughed.
Mike took Kelly’s arm and walked her down the aisle.  As they walked, Mike whispered to her, “You look so beautiful.”
Kelly smiled and said, “You’re not so bad yourself.”
The pastor prayed, and then Kelly and Mike exchanged vows for the second time.  In the same way that today was the first day of spring, it felt as if Mike and Kelly were beginning as well. Kelly kept her eyes focused on Mike as he told her again that he would love, honor, and cherish her as long as they both lived.  The pastor prayed one more time and then said, a twinkle in his eye, “Now you may kiss the bride.”
Kelly and Mike kissed again, tears and laughter mingling with their kiss.  When they pulled away, their families, their boys, and Karen came forward, hugging and congratulating and giving God glory.  Afterward, they loaded into their separate cars and headed toward the fancy restaurant.  Kelly and Mike drove to the restaurant alone.  Kelly turned to him and asked, “How did you do all this?  Did everyone but me know?”
“Everyone but you and the boys. I knew they couldn’t be trusted,” he laughed.
They all enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Carmello's, and after they ate they sat for a long time, exchanging stories.  Mike and Kelly listened and laughed, holding hands and gazing at each other.  Finally, Mike’s sister laughed and said, “I think the two lovebirds are ready for their honeymoon.  Maybe we should break up the party now.”
Everyone dispersed with last hugs and mummers of praise and congratulations.  Karen took the boys hands and explained that they would be spending the night with her.  Mike and Kelly walked to his car, still holding hands.  Mike opened the door for her, and then walked around to the driver’s side.  Before he fastened his seatbelt, he leaned close to Kelly and kissed her.  “I wish I could express to you how much I love you,” he whispered.
“I have an idea,” Kelly said, her voice barely above a whisper.  They drove in silence, and Kelly felt the same anticipation building in her heart that she had felt years earlier when they were driving on their first night as husband and wife.  She blushed as she looked out the window, remembering how nervous she had been.
Mike led her into the house without turning on the lights.  He turned and kissed her, pressing her against the closed door.  Kelly heart swelled and she was dizzy.  Mike pulled away and traced her lips with his thumb.  He kissed her again and traced her shoulder blade.  He ran his fingers through her hair, and Kelly’s heart was pounding so loudly she was sure Mike could hear it.  They made their way up the stairs and to the bedroom.  They fell onto the bed, and then everything was wonder and joy and passion.  Kelly wasn’t sure how long they were together, crying and laughing and clinging to each other.  Eventually they lay in each other’s arms, exhausted and happier than Kelly could ever remember being.  Mike rose up on one elbow and looked at her.  He touched her face and said, “Do you know what I would like to do?”
Kelly laughed and said, “I think we just did.”
Mike smiled and said, “Yes, that too.  But right now I’d like to pray.”
They both slid off the bed and onto their knees.  Mike put his arms around Kelly, and they bowed their heads.
“Lord, Jesus, you really are a God of miracles and grace.  We want to praise you for being able to do exceedingly abundantly above anything we could ask or imagine.  I thank you so much for Kelly, the love of my life, my best friend.  Thank you for her love for you, her beauty, and the passion I feel when I look at her.  You have blessed us so much.  Help us to remember this night, the night our marriage officially became new.  Keep us remain close to you and to each other always.  Help her to know how much I love her right now and for the rest of our lives.  We love you Lord, and we marvel at what you are able to do.  Thank you again, and help us to walk close to you and to each other.  We praise you and love you.”
They knelt that way for a long time, weeping over God’s love and restoration.  Kelly looked at Mike from the corner of her eye.  This was the man she loved, the only man she had ever loved.  He was more than she could have ever dreamed, and he was kneeling beside her.  No matter what came tomorrow, a year from then, or twenty years down the road, she knew that God would be walking with them.  And she lifted up a silent voice of praise from deep in her heart, amazed that even if she were faithless God would always remain faithful, every day of her life.

Psalm 32

Blessed is he whose transgressions are forgiven,
Whose sins are covered.
Blessed is the man whose sin the Lord does not count against him
And in whose spirit is no deceit.
When I kept silent about my sin my bones wasted away
Through my groaning all day long.
For day and night your hand was heavy upon me;
My strength was sapped as in the heat of summer.
Then I acknowledged my sin to you
And did not cover up my iniquity.
I said, “I will confess my transgressions to the Lord,”
And you forgave the guilt of my sin.
Therefore let everyone who is godly pray to you while you may be found;
Surely when the mighty waters rise, they will not reach him.
You are my hiding place;
You will protect me from trouble
And surround me with songs of deliverance.
Selah



About the Author

Laurie Gilbreath is a southern born and bred former teacher turned freelance writer, editor, and curriculum designer.  She has loved writing since she was able to hold a pen and has always loved a good love story.  Laurie enjoys writing about strong but feminine southern women, and she receives inspiration from the women in her own life as well as the view of the like oak trees with hanging Spanish moss from her home office window.  She currently resides in Georgia with her family, which consists of several beloved humans and one beloved dog.


More Books by Laurie Gilbreath

Magnolia Secrets



Connect with Laurie Gilbreath


Literallylaurie.wordpress.com

1212squared.wordpress.com/

https://www.facebook.com/wordtender
