



Out of the Past
Heritage Time Travel Romance Series, Book #1
All Iowa Edition, PG-13
By Dana Roquet



Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Dana Roquet
All rights reserved

ISBN-13 978-0988503540
ISBN-10 09880503549

Edited by Todd Barselow

Cover art: Judy Bullard

Contact Information: www.danaroquets.com
dana@danaroquets.com

This is a work of fiction. The main characters and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously. Certain individuals, businesses and locations have been fabricated, fictionalized or dramatized by the author for effect. Those characters that are based on living individuals are used with their written permission.
This is a PG-13 version of the original novel with minimal sexual content, some adult situations, language and violence.



Dedication


For my family, past and present,
And for Johnnie Baitsell, Octavius Waltman, Dr. Jacob Krout, Samuel McFall and so many others who now belong to the ages, but who will forever have a place in my heart.



Acknowledgement


I would like to acknowledge the following individuals for their support of my story
Carol, Kiya, Jennifer, Joy and Jessica for reading scenes and letting me bounce ideas off of them.
Bill the barber
Stevie C’s
Keo-Mah Genealogical Society
Paul and Julie Demuesy
DreamCatchers Equine Rescue
Gina Miller
Jimmy Thomas, businessman, entrepreneur and romance cover model extraordinaire.



Prologue


The dreams began the first night in my new, very old home on a secluded acreage in Mahaska County, Iowa, a mile south of the tiny town of Fremont. Within a short time of moving in, though, I had to stop calling them dreams. They were much more than dreams. I didn’t know why, and I didn’t know how, but it was more like time travel or warping into a different dimension.
The time warps were a blast, at first. It was as if I were an Improv actor and each night I had a new role to perform. I enjoyed the challenge of traveling into the past and navigating my way through old Fremont. I also cherished the chance to meet so many loved ones whom I had never known but would forever remember.
Yes, my travels had begun as an interesting phenomenon—a harmless and victimless experiment. They were my own private and wonderful escape, which soon became my secret obsession.
Until finally I realized, much too late, that there was also evil in the past; evil that would have been better left alone…



Chapter 1


Six months earlier…
March 1, 2012

As I pulled my SUV off the gravel road and into the driveway for my afternoon appointment with the contractor I had hired (sight unseen), I found him waiting on the front porch. He was leaning casually against a porch post in a well-fitting white T-shirt, his hands in the pockets of his blue jeans, which set perfectly at his lean waist, and a tube of blueprints tucked under one arm. My first thought was, Oh yeah, I can handle spending three months working with this man.
David Cameron was gorgeous! I guessed he was probably in his mid-to late thirties. Tall, tanned, and toned, he had straight, dark-brown hair which he wore layered and just the right length as far as I was concerned—it was a clean-cut style but not too short. I couldn’t see his eyes yet, but his face was chiseled and lean. That I was checking him out at all caused me to be a little disappointed with myself because I was in a relationship, long term, with my boyfriend, Derek. But, hey, what healthy all-American girl wouldn’t admire a fine-lookin’ man like this?
I lifted my sunglasses and took a moment to glance into the rearview mirror, checking my makeup and making sure I didn’t have lipstick on my teeth. I dropped my shades back into place and grabbed my day planner and an album of old photos.
“Dave?” I asked, closing my car door.
“At your service, Torie. Good to finally meet you in person. What about this warm weather?” he asked.
“I know—seventy-one degrees according to the radio. The record-breaking continues.”
“Are you ready for this?” he asked with a flash of a grin as I approached. Wow, dimples and light crystal-blue eyes!
“You have no idea! I can’t wait to get started. I’m excited to see what you’ve done up to now.” I stepped up to join him, straddling a large gap in the porch boards. Accepting his offer of assistance, I slipped my hand into his warm, work-worn palm.
“That’s next on my agenda,” he said pointing to the gap.
“I think that’s a good call. Okay, check this out,” I said as I laid my planner and album on a handy makeshift workbench composed of a board set atop two sawhorses. I opened the album, removing my sunglasses and tucking them into the neck of my tee. Dave put his tube of drawings on the bench and looked with interest at what I had. I put my hand on the inside album cover and looked up into his eyes, slightly embarrassed.
“I want you to know that I have hounded every relative within a five-hundred-mile radius to gather these,” I admitted with a laugh. “Which I do feel more than a little guilty about. And I think I have been disowned by at least a few of them, but look at all this!” I said excitedly, ruffling through the pages. “I have any and every photograph I could find of the house as it looked in the eighteen hundreds, at the turn of the century, and in the early nineteen hundreds. Somehow, my grandfather’s family got ahold of an early Kodak Brownie and they got shots of the barns, yard, porch, living room, and the kitchen complete with cook stove, kitchen sink, and indoor water pump.”
“Wow. That’s perfect. It shows every detail!” Dave said as I flipped to the first photo behind the tab labeled ‘Front Porch’.
“I know. Isn’t it great?” I turned the album so he could get a better look.
The photo was one of those from around 1910. The shot was taken from out in the yard, looking toward the house. Sitting along the porch were my grandpa Arlan, who was approximately twelve years old, and his favorite dog which was in many of the photos from that time period with him. Also in the photo were two of Arlan’s brothers, Robert and Albert; my great-grandparents, Henry and Alice Wyman Mills; and Alice’s mother, Rose Simpson Wyman. Rose was my great-great-grandmother and the original owner of the house I now owned. She had passed away at the ripe old age of ninety-seven back in 1927. Great-Grandfather Henry’s brother Peter Mills, who was a bit of a mystery, stood almost out of the shot to the far right of the porch.
“It’s so amazing to think this is exactly where they were all sitting, right here, a hundred years ago,” I marveled.
“These are great. They’ll help a lot.” Dave was nearly salivating. He was as big a history nerd as I was. I knew these would blow him away. “Great shot of the porch brackets,” he stated as he pointed to the photo. He then turned to look at the porch supports, which no longer showed any traces of the former adornment as seen in the picture.
“Okay,” he said, rubbing his hands together in anticipation which I noticed caused his biceps to bulge. Oh my! “You ready for the grand tour?”
“Lead on.”
As I enjoyed the obvious excitement on my contractor’s face I thought to myself, Now this is the proper reaction to my project. This guy understands completely!
My boyfriend Derek didn’t understand at all how I could be content to live in Fremont, Iowa, population 762. To him, success meant living flashy and living large. My sister Sarah could understand because she lived a similar life in Colorado. My sister Margo was of the same opinion as Derek.
Having two books on the New York Times best-seller list was not a walk in the park, though. It was work! And the last two years of promoting and giving interviews was enough to make me want to find a secluded island and never look back. This project of buying my great-great-grandparents’ home along with the five acres it sat on just a mile south of this tiny town, and working to restore the property to its glory days when it was built in 1870 was close enough to that deserted island. To me, it was paradise.
Quitting my job and never needing to work again was a luxury I had never expected to experience in my lifetime, especially at thirty-six years of age. But it was a reality now, and I knew exactly what I wanted to do: brainstorm for my next novel and work on my family history. What better place to do that than in the little hamlet where it all began in 1852?
“All right then,” Dave said, assisting me by picking up the album. We headed through the front door. “First of all, electricians are going to be here in the morning. Heating and cooling will be here Monday and expect to finish in one day. Once that’s a done deal, things will move pretty fast—at least the basics. All new plumbing is in, as we discussed last week, and the downstairs toilet and sink are functional. I used the small bedroom at the back that we decided on. I can’t wait for you to see it.”
We walked into the front foyer, and I looked up to the unassuming staircase that led to the second story, which was in the process of being restored and then took a right, following Dave.
“Wow,” I exclaimed as I entered my grandma’s front room. Dave had already been doing some prep work, and he couldn’t hold back the smile when I looked at him and then reached out to touch the wall where he had removed layers of paint and at least several wallpaper reincarnations. “Oh my God! Dave! That’s the original wallpaper! How can it be in such good shape?”
I accepted the album from his outstretched hand and found the tab marked ‘Front Room’. I held the album up against the wall. The flowers, which were varying shades of gray in the photograph, were in vivid detail before me—royal-blue and butter-yellow flowers, silver cattails, and so many different shades of green leaves and stems.
“I would have never guessed,” I said in amazement. “Do you think it all looks as good as this small area?”
“I wouldn’t count on it, Torie. Especially around the windows and the fireplace. I expect to find some damage in those areas. At least we have the pattern and colors so we can order it custom. I’m hoping to find little remnants like this elsewhere in the house. Wouldn’t that be awesome?”
“It would make our lives that much easier,” I nodded.
I held the photo album out in front of me and moved around the room until I was lined up exactly with the windows and fireplace visible in the tintype photograph. This was an older photo, taken around 1883. My grandfather told me once that early photographers would travel around entire regions. They charged for tintypes and left behind these little gems that were glimpses back in time and would ultimately become family heirlooms.
The time frame fit with the subjects of the photo. My great-great-grandma Rose and her husband Judson were sitting in rocking chairs. She appeared to be reading a book open on her lap; Judson was clutching the arms of his rocking chair and staring the camera down, very stoic and proud. There was a beautiful flowered oil lamp with a glass shade and dangling fonts on the table between them. The table also held a framed tintype of my great-grandmother Alice Wyman Mills at about nineteen years old and her sisters, two-year-old Emily Wyman and infant Ivy Wyman McFall, circa 1869. The fourth Wyman daughter, Mahala, wasn’t born until 1870. Between Alice, the oldest, and the girls at the bottom of the pecking order, were three brothers, not pictured. The room’s ceiling was papered with a completely different pattern of flowers than that of the walls. I wondered if the original pattern could still be up there, hidden under layers and layers of white paint.
The hardwood floor, which in the photo was covered with a large area rug that featured wildlife scenes, was now just barren and gnarled wood. The makings were there, though; it would be brought back to life with a good sanding and fresh stain.
A framed photograph of people unknown to me hung on the wall behind Rose and Judson. I had gone so far as to have this photograph professionally restored and analyzed, but the large family portrait hanging on the wall in the background was, at best, just a fuzzy image of my long-gone relatives, lost to time.
“Okay. Moving on,” Dave announced, walking backward as he motioned me to follow and ushered me back across the entry and through an arched doorway. He looked like a guide leading a crowd through an old museum. And we’re walking. We’re walking…
“Dining room.”
“Check,” I said, flipping to the corresponding tab in my album. I paused to look at the ceiling where a gas lamp had once hung over a long dining room table. Not a trace remained where it had been.
“Gigantic kitchen...” Dave continued as I held the photo album before me. Swinging door from dining room to kitchen, gone. Flip, flip. Kitchen…barren. No wooden cupboards. No pie safe. No work table. No water pump.
“I love this!” I touched the faucet and double sink which were modern and new but perfectly fit the large room with the flavor of a kitchen sink circa 1880. I could already imagine how the room would look when the rest of my new cupboards, island and appliances, including a really fancy old oven hood, were in place. There was plenty of room for a kitchen table to sit against the large windows which would provide a great view of the barn out back and acres of pastureland beyond.
“Mudroom...” Dave was gesturing. “Backstairs that lead up to the second floor, and last but not least, the bathroom.”
“Perfect!” I exclaimed, entering the half bathroom which had not existed in the original house. It was circa 1900 with a cream pedestal sink, sand-and-cream colored hexagon floor tile and wonderful old-style fixtures and cabinets. I had to take some liberties for convenience sake. An outhouse was not on the list of things I wanted to restore, though it would have been the original arrangement back in 1870. Besides, plumbing and indoor facilities upstairs had been added back in 1915, so really it wasn’t too far off the mark.
We headed upstairs where most of the five bedrooms were stripped clean of all adornment, but one room had some of the original woodwork still intact and the closet door and old metal doorknob were original to the house. I entered that room, which must have been the master bedroom—I was assuming it was by the size. I could only guess, though. I glanced out the front windows to our trucks parked below. The view from this level was of empty fields stretching out to the horizon, ready to receive this year’s crops. I didn’t have any photographs of the upper rooms, just one taken from a window of the second floor and facing the barn. My grandfather Arlan was probably the one who took that picture. He spent a lot of time here when he was young.
I walked across the hall and through the rooms facing the backyard and barn until I found the correct angle. Yep. This was exactly the spot where he’d stood when he’d snapped the shot. I could see the door of the barn and to the left would have been the subject of the photo: my three Wyman great-granduncles and their brother-in-law, my great-grandfather Henry Mills, with his team of draft horses coming back from a day in the fields. I knew that Henry had helped Rose’s sons with planting for many seasons after Grandpa Judson passed. This was one of those days—one hundred-plus years ago. Absolutely mind-blowing!
Dave Cameron came up behind me and looked over my shoulder. I held the album up so he could get a good look. He pointed to the barn door in the photograph. “I found some of the original paint on the back of that door. What color do you think it was?” he asked.
“Barn red?” I guessed glancing over my shoulder and up into his eyes.
“Barn red,” he affirmed, nodding. “I already ordered the paint. It’s being manufactured as we speak.”
We continued our tour, and Dave pointed out where he had been working to enlarge the original bathroom, using a small part of two of the bedrooms at the end of the hall. The new plumbing had already been run and was just waiting for fixtures. I opted for a more modern shower and separate antique clawfoot bathtub. The shower would have a Victorian feel with a custom curtain, and all the faucets had the flavor I wanted to recreate. A closet for linens was being added as well.
We headed outside and looked at the barn and other outbuildings as well as the area that had once contained a flower and vegetable garden. I turned to a photo of my great-grandfather Henry Mills sitting on a whitewashed wooden bench in the midst of abundant flowers. His children, my grandaunts Joanna and Lucy Mills were standing behind him. My grandfather Arlan and his dog were sitting near Henry’s feet. The photo was taken the same day as a group shot of the entire family standing out in front of the house, around Grandma Rose as she sat in a rocker. Three generations of Wyman and Mills relatives.
As the afternoon was wearing on and the tour was coming to an end, I had to make a pit stop and christen my new bathroom facilities. I then joined Dave out front, and he locked up the house.
“You have plans for dinner tonight?” he asked. “I was going to go into Oskaloosa and get a bite. You are welcome to join me, if you like. We could talk more about our game plan. I’ll show you some of my sketches for the bathroom.”
I was staying at a small motel in Oskaloosa for the next week until the furnished house I had rented in Fremont opened up. The occupants were gone, but the owner was cleaning the carpets and upholstery.
“Sure. I wanted to make a stop at the cemetery first. Can we meet somewhere in Oskaloosa?”
“I’ll go with you, if you don’t mind.”
“Great. Jump in. I’ll drive.”
Cedar Township Cemetery was the resting place for three generations of my family. The Mills plot was just to the left of the main gate and stretched in a long row north to south. First was my great-great-grandfather Francis Mills, the patriarch of the Mills clan, who shared a resting place with his son Peter. Beside them were my great-grandfather Henry Mills and his wife Alice Wyman Mills. Next were some of their eight children starting with the youngest, my Grandpa Arlan and Grandma Virginia Mills (she died before I was born) who had lived and died in Des Moines, but per their final wishes, were buried in Fremont. Next, some of my grandpa’s siblings including Wyatt, Albert, Robert, Lucy, Molly and their families, among others, finished out the row.
Patriarch of the Wyman clan, my great-great-grandfather Judson and his wife Rose were buried near many of their Wyman children and grandchildren in a different section across the cemetery. In fact, nearly every single Wyman and Mills great-grand and granduncle and aunt inhabited this old cemetery. It was hallowed ground to me.
A couple years ago, before my historical romance novels exploded onto the scene, I had spent months coming here on weekends and photographing the headstones of every single person buried in the cemetery for their Findagrave memorials. The family ties here were so complex. Even Dave and I shared several ancestors, and many mutual cousins.
With my family tree program, I had added his line in and found that my great-grandaunt Ivy Wyman McFall had married Dave’s great-granduncle Joshua McFall back in 1889. He had died young in 1891, and Ivy went on to marry again. She died in Washington State where she had relocated after husband number-two had passed on. She lived out the rest of her life with one of her sisters, Emily but husband number-two, like her first husband, was buried right here in Cedar.
We pulled into the gated entrance and parked along the tall cedar trees that were the defining feature of the place. The cemetery land had belonged to the McFall family originally. Dave’s great-great-great-grandfather Samuel McFall had deeded it shortly after the first burial occurred in 1843. Little two-year-old Lucinda Koontz was the first death of the new community of Fremont, and her headstone was still plainly legible today.
Samuel stipulated that no one should ever be charged for the cemetery space. If you lived in the town, you were given a plot. No more space was available these days. The new cemetery across town had been used for decades, except for my grandpa and some other original settler families who were still allowed places beneath the tall cedars. This was the old-timers’ cemetery.
We jumped out and started making a tour around the grounds. I let Dave show me all of his family and give me the basics of who was who but, to be honest, I knew every bit as much as he did about his family. I was a total genealogy geek!
Then I showed him all my people, and we talked family history until the mosquitoes chased us out of there. We went back for Dave’s truck and followed each other the twelve miles to Oskaloosa for dinner at the Oskaloosa Family Restaurant.
After we’d had a great meal, we ordered some coffee and spread Dave’s blueprints out on the table. We got into some heavy discussions about our mutual goals for Rose’s house. We found that we were totally on the same wavelength. I could tell we were going to make a great renovation team. It wasn’t until about 9:00 p.m. that I bid Dave good night and made my way back to my room just down the road at the Budget Inn.
I had just settled into my bed when my cell phone rang. I grabbed it and looked for the name of the caller.
“Hey, Sexy.”
“Hey, Beautiful. How goes life in the sticks?” Derek joked.
“It’s going great! A week from today, I’ll be living in the town proper of Fremont. When are you coming over?”
“I’ll be there next Friday and stay for the weekend, if that’s okay?”
“Of course it’s okay. Hey, I wanted to tell you that Nancy added two more cities to the book tour. I leave on the first of May. Have you decided if you’re coming with me?”
“I think I’ll forgo this leg. I feel like a third wheel on those things,” he confessed.
He didn’t like the book-tour scene. Actually, it was easier without him because I often felt like I needed to entertain him and I didn’t have the time. My publicist Nancy and I were busy every minute. Nancy had arranged for twelve stops now and more than two weeks on the road. It was going to be a marathon.
“That’s okay, Sweetie. I understand. Hey, it’s a ways off yet. Maybe you’ll change your mind by then. If not, after I get back I’ll spend a few days at your place,” I offered.
“That sounds like a good plan. Torie, you’ve only been out there two days, and I’m missing you already. I wish you were in my arms right now,” he said suggestively.
“We knew we would have some adjustment time with the distance. I guess I’ll have to give you plenty of attention next weekend to hold you over until I see you again.”
“Promise?” he whispered.
“Promise. I’m going to get some sleep,” I yawned. “See you next Friday. You remember the address of the rental house?”
“Madison Street…I have it in my GPS.”
“Okay. Love you, Der.”
“Love you too, babe. Good night.”
As I hung up the phone and placed it on the nightstand, I clicked on the television with the remote, settling in to watch some mindless reruns until I could drop off to sleep.



Chapter 2


While waiting to get into my rental house in Fremont, I had time on my hands and not much to do with it in Oskaloosa so I decided to visit the Keo-Mah Genealogical Society. I was already a yearly member and had spent a lot of time there during those years while I was working on my memorials, gathering obituaries for my family, and such. They had an amazing library of microfilmed newspapers for Oskaloosa but also the Fremont Gazette.
Keo-Mah, which stands for Keokuk and Mahaska Counties, is situated on a main street of town and was formerly a small private residence that had been converted. It was such an unassuming building that most people went right past it the first time they approached and would need to take a left and go around the block to get another shot at the narrow drive.
I parked in the lot behind the building and came up the ramped walkway and into what was once a front porch. The smell of old books was the first thing anyone noticed upon entering the place. I loved the smell of old books—nothing like it.
An older man with gray, wispy hair and thick glasses was seated at a desk with stacks of books around him. He was deeply occupied with the computer screen before him until he heard the storm door latch behind me.
“Welcome. What can I do…?” he began pleasantly and then recognized me after a brief pause.
“Torie! I haven’t seen you in ages! Where have you been keeping yourself? Busy signing books, I suppose. I am just so proud of your accomplishments.” he said as he rose from his desk and approached with outstretched arms.
“John, it’s so good to see you. The place hasn’t changed a bit,” I said, hugging him briefly and looking to the sign-in tablet that still lay upon a small pedestal. I tucked my hair behind my ear as I leaned over to sign in. “Hey, I’m a local now.”
“No! Really? Are you living here in Oskie?”
“Well, for the moment. I actually bought the old Wyman family home in Fremont and will be renovating it and moving in, probably starting a few months from now. I’m renting in Fremont until the house is ready.”
“That’s wonderful. I’m sure you have a lot of plans for the place.”
“Oh yeah, you better believe it. I thought I would spend some time with you here this next week and do some more digging. I’m sure there are a lot of tidbits I have yet to find. Plus, I wanted to become a lifetime member.”
“Woohoo! I’ll be happy to take your check,” he laughed. “We’re always happy to add a lifetime member to the newsletter and a local celebrity, well…”
“John, no—no reference to celebrity, please. Promise me!” I cringed at the thought and pointed a stern index finger in his direction.
“I promise. Hey! We just got a few new reels in of the Gazette. Let me see…” he said starting off toward the microfilm room. I followed along with great interest.
“Any of the elusive eighteen nineties?” I asked hopefully.
“Yes, 1896 and a few months of the missing 1904 and 1907!” he said with excitement.
Another of my peeps; a total genealogy geek!



Chapter 3


Dave Cameron turned off the lights and pulled the old farm house door closed, locking up for the night. It had been a productive last few days. He had finished determining the layout of the upstairs bathroom cabinets and those, plus the fixtures, were to be delivered in the morning.
He had also finished replacing all the rotten wood out on the porch and completed the formal staircase to the second story of the house. He had found a fancy turned ball capped newel post, with turned spindles and tread end mouldings. All it needed now was stain to become a breathtaking statement in the front foyer. The detail closely matched the photos Torie had provided of the original stairs.
He had paused often during the last couple of days to send cell-phone photos to Torie and had gotten little text messages back with her approval. Having her close by was proving to be a big help. Over the last few weeks that he had been working on this before her arrival, it had been more difficult to understand her ideas. Now that she had provided him with the photographs and talked about her goals, he could understand her vision much more clearly.
He found Torie Mills to be not only passionate about the house and the restoration, but also drop-dead gorgeous. As they had shared dinner that first night, he had been unable to keep his mind from wandering down some rather non-work-related and steamy paths as he listened to her talk about her plans.
He had been preoccupied with watching her blue-gray eyes light up with excitement. She’d had a wonderful blush which colored her cheeks when she had become embarrassed for being too over-the-top with her chatter. That was her opinion, not his. He hadn’t said anything, but he could have listened to her talk all night; he was mesmerized watching her mouth as she spoke.
His marriage had been over for almost two years now, and he had been feeling, just in the last six months or so, that he was ready to get out there in the dating world again. But Fremont was such a tiny community that he found it pretty daunting to find someone who interested him or whom he hadn’t known, on a friend level, his entire life.
His relationship with his ex-wife Laura had begun as a blind date, arranged by friends. They had fallen in love and quickly gotten married and he had brought her home to join his life there. But she had been a city girl all her life—from Des Moines, born and raised. He knew now that it had been doomed to fail from the beginning.
At first, she had seemed to be perfectly suited for him and for living in the small town that he intended never to leave. But after three years she had called it quits and, without much fanfare, had packed up and moved out and on. The divorce had been amicable. With no kids and her not wanting the house, he had just bought her out of her share of their mutual possessions and they had parted company as friends.
He was pretty laid-back in that way. Even Laura had said that he was the most accepting and loyal man she could have ever hoped to find. It was the small-town life she couldn’t tolerate. A lot of people felt that way about small-town life.
David Cameron’s roots were deep in Fremont and Mahaska County. The land he lived on a mile north of town past the cemetery was some of the same land that his mother’s family had owned since the early 1840s. The farm had been passed down from his great-great-grandfather William McFall to his son Jacob McFall, who left it to Dave’s grandfather Joseph McFall, and finally his mother, Anna McFall Cameron. Joseph had lived with Dave’s family until his death in 1991. Direct descendants had lived in the same house continuously for 130 years. He was the only one of his family of four siblings who had any desire to keep the homestead after his parents retired from farming and moved to Arizona to enjoy their golden years away from the cold Iowa winters. He had purchased the property outright about six years ago now.
He had spent the last five years working on restoring the house and still owned a total of 910 acres. The ten acres the house sat on and nine hundred in crops. He rented the cropland out to the neighboring farmers for the actual farming operation and took a share in the profits at the end of the season as payment. His passion was carpentry, woodworking, and restoration.
Torie, it seemed, was as stoked about restoration as he was. It would be great when she was moved into Fremont in the rented house and could spend some time with him helping out. She was determined to get her hands dirty, and he was looking forward to her company.
He had always worked alone on his projects except for the occasional intern. He enjoyed taking on students from the Indian Hills Community College in Oskaloosa, usually during the fall-winter semester. So having Torie’s company—yeah, he was looking forward to that.
That she was a wealthy, successful, beautiful woman with long auburn hair that hung down her back in sleek layers, huge blue-gray eyes framed by flirty, long lashes that could melt a man, and a sexy, slim figure that happened to end with a pair of legs that seemed to go on forever didn’t hurt matters either.
Just as he climbed in and closed the door to his pickup, his cell phone rang. His face brightened when he saw the caller’s phone number.
“Hello?”
“Dave. Hey, it’s Torie. I was wondering what you are up to tonight and kinda hoping you don’t have plans. Reason being, that if you don’t, maybe you would like to meet me for dinner? I was thinking maybe I would come into town and grab something at the Finish Line. My treat,” she added.
“I just closed up the house. I’ll run home and shower and be able to meet you there by, say, six fifteen?”
“Perfect. By the time I drive in from Oskie, we should be arriving at just about the same time.”
“Okay, see you in a bit.” He snapped his phone closed and couldn’t help a smile. He could feel that old feeling. He knew he was heading for trouble because she was taken. But he was going to lose his heart to Torie Mills, he could tell it already. He clicked on the radio and cranked it up as John Cougar Mellencamp sang about “Little Pink Houses” as he turned onto the gravel road toward home.

***

The Finish Line Diner was one of the remaining establishments along Highway 23 which cut through town and ran adjacent to the old downtown business district. The building had been around since 1890. Though it had gone through many changes in name and ownership, it had managed to continue to be an eatery. It was currently outfitted as a fifties’ style diner with a black-and-white checked race theme. It had red vinyl bench-style booths lined along the windows, café-style tables scattered about, and a black-and-white checked counter with swivel stools.
Dave was the first to arrive. He parked in the gravel lot, deciding to wait outside for Torie. He leaned against the side of his truck watching down the highway until he saw the silver Nissan Pathfinder come into view.
He pushed off, coming to his full height as Torie arrived and parked next to him. He reached to help her open her door as she smiled up at him warmly. God, her smile is infectious, he thought.
“Hey!” he said.
“Have you been waiting long?” she asked with concern as she stepped out.
“Just a few minutes,” he assured her and couldn’t help but give her a look up and down. She wore a turquoise-blue dress that ended about halfway up her thighs and casual flats. She looked like she possessed a mile of silky smooth, slim, well-toned legs.
“Wow!” he couldn’t help himself. It just popped out of his mouth.
She looked down at her dress and then reached into the vehicle to retrieve her purse and a jacket from the seat. “Well, thank you. I haven’t gotten a wow in a while. Not overdressed, am I?” she asked self-consciously, tucking her long auburn hair behind her ears.
He watched as her bangs fell over her forehead and into her eyes and she swept them away from her face gracefully with her fingers; he swallowed hard. Damn, she’s beautiful.
“No, I think I’m underdressed.” He looked down at his own navy button-down shirt, jeans, and brown leather Rockport’s while she locked her car door and then turned to him.
“Shall we?”
He swept his hand toward the diner gallantly. “After you,”
“I’m starving!” Torie announced walking before him. Dave hurried to intercept her before she could reach for the handle and opened the diner door, allowing her to precede him.

***

As we sat across from each other in a booth against the windows enjoying our dinner, I told Dave a little about growing up on the west side of Des Moines. I sat enthralled though, listening as he described his experience of growing up in Fremont, which was much more interesting by far.
By the time he was school aged, the last of the classes in Fremont High School were graduating. He had been bussed to Oskaloosa for high school as Fremont students merged with other districts. The last old high school building had been demolished around 1970.
My grandfather had graduated from the original high school in 1916. That oldest building had been replaced shortly after that. I had several photographs of the schoolrooms and my grandpa seated at the wooden desks with his classmates. His graduating class had a whopping six students.
“It’s too bad all those old buildings are gone. I don’t even know where the original high school sat. Do you?”
“It was just out west of here,” he pointed out the window and then across the street to the buildings and a park with swings and play equipment on the other side of Main Street, along North Pine. “All along there used to be the old town square.”
“Oh, I didn’t realize any of that.” I had driven past there a hundred times and had no idea. “I have a family history that describes where the old one-room schoolhouse was—one of them anyway. Olive Branch, I think it was. In 1978, when the history was written by my grandfather, it still sat out east of town. Do you know where it would be?”
“No, but we could maybe try and find it. If it just deteriorated, we may be able to find something. Might be something we could tackle on a weekend day.”
“I’ll dig out my history.”
The waitress came to clear the dishes. As she did so, we both sat back in our seats, not realizing that we had been hunched over the booth toward each other, engrossed in our conversation.
“Anything else, Dave? Torie?”
“No, Char, I think we’re good to go, unless you want some pie.” He looked to me. “Char makes a great apple pie,” he said raising his brows enticingly with a charming smile.
“I couldn’t eat another thing, really.” I looked to the woman who was probably in her mid-fifties, with golden-blonde hair pulled up in a bun at the crown of her head and a crisp white uniform with a black-checked apron. “Thank you, though. Everything was wonderful.”
She nodded and placed the bill on the table facedown. “Whenever you’re ready,” she said, balancing a load of our dirty dishes in the crook of her arm as she left us.
Dave reached for the bill just as I did, and we both covered half of it with our hands. “I told you this was my treat,” I reminded him trying to slide the paper out from under his hand.
“Well, only under one condition.” He kept his hand over it, holding on firmly.
“What condition?” I asked with suspicion in my voice, but I couldn’t help but smile at this silly tug-of-war we were engaged in.
“We go downtown and you let me buy you a drink.”
“Downtown—downtown Fremont?” I laughed. “I thought we were downtown right now.”
“Technically, you gotta go around the corner and down South Pine to Stevie C’s.”
Stevie C’s was one of two bars in town and was directly across the street from the competition. Tim’s Time Out was the dueling establishment. Dave sat there, trying to wriggle the tab out from under my grasp and giving me a gorgeous flash of dimples and straight white teeth. Oh, what the heck! I thought. So I won the bill and paid it, and we headed out to bar-hop in Fremont, Iowa.

***

We started out at Stevie C’s where we sat at the bar and talked about our lives. I told him about Derek, and he told me about his failed marriage to his ex-wife, Laura. The place was pretty crowded, and we ended up with our bar stools close together and our feet sharing each other’s footrests as we leaned in to be able to hear over the country music blaring from a jukebox and the sports blaring from a big-screen television that hung above us. Dave was pretty damn handsome, and he smelled like Cool Water, one of my favorites.
After we finished our drinks, we went across the street to have another one at Tim’s Time Out and talked family with Tim Dinsmore. He was descended from the William Dinsmore clan, another of the original settler families. As Tim got busy with a rowdy crowd who had entered from a wayward party bus, Dave and I took our drinks to a booth and continued our conversation.
We had in common the fact that we were the only members of our immediate families still living in Iowa. He had a brother who had moved to Birmingham, Alabama, for college and never returned. The other two brothers lived in Tampa, Florida, and were making a living running deep sea fishing excursions for tourists. His parents had retired to Phoenix, Arizona.
My sister Sarah was in Fountain, Colorado, and Margo was married to Sean, who was career military. They currently lived in San Antonio, Texas. My dad and his third wife Sandy lived on Marco Island, Florida. My mother, dad’s first wife, passed away six years ago last January.
By the time we walked out the door to head home, the night air of early March had turned crisp and our breath was visible in the moonlight. I paused to pull my jacket on, and Dave reached out to assist, guiding my sleeve toward my arm.
“Thank you, kind sir,” I said.
“You are most welcome,” he said with a slow smile, and we walked along toward our trucks which we’d left parked outside the diner.
“I move into my rental day after tomorrow. Thursday. So I’ll be able to come and help you out some, if you would allow me.”
“Hey, it’s your party. I would appreciate anything you want to take on,” he said, and I got the feeling he was being sincere about that.
We arrived at our vehicles. He walked me to mine and stood there with his hands in his pockets as I fumbled for my keys and found the button. The lights flashed as the locks clicked open. “Well, good night, Dave,” I said.
“Drive careful, and will you give me a call when you get to the motel to let me know that you are home safe?”
I dug in my purse for my phone and waved it toward him. “Gotcha on speed dial,” I laughed. “Good night.”
I buckled myself in and watched Dave climb into his truck, waving at me one last time as he left. All at once, I had a longing come over me. If only I had someone who was waiting for me at home tonight. Friday and Derek seemed awfully far away. I am so bad!

***

Dave Cameron had just gotten in the door and was immediately greeted by his German shepherd, Shadow. He gave him a good scratch behind the ears and then flipped on the lights and headed into the kitchen to fill his food and water bowls.
“Come on, buddy. Here ya go.” He patted his leg, and his dog trotted to him obediently but then eyed the food bowl, sat down, and looked up at him.
“What? That’s all you’re getting tonight, old boy so save the pouting. You’re on a diet, remember? Ten more pounds.”
Shadow looked to the dry food and then lay down on the rug and rested his head on his front paws with a heavy sigh.
“Whatever, dude. I’m going to bed.”
When his cell phone rang a moment later, Dave looked quickly to the lighted face.
“Torie, you can’t be home already…”
“Hey, take it easy. Calm down. Where are you?” he asked gently. “I’ll be right there.”
He turned and jogged down the hallway to his den and returned with a shotgun. He then rushed to the family room, reached up above the entertainment center and rooted around until he found the box of ammo. He opened the box as he placed it on the center island of the kitchen, loaded the gun, and then hurried from the house.



Chapter 4


My headlights and flashers illuminated the dark highway. I was the only vehicle for miles. Whoever the person was who had caused this was long gone. I couldn’t understand how someone could just hit an animal and drive off. I had my truck angled in such a way as to protect the deer that struggled on the pavement before me. It was halfway in the travel portion, halfway on the shoulder. It was lying with its head up, and the front legs appeared to be able to support its weight. The back legs, however, were mangled, and a large gash in the hind end was bleeding profusely. It kept looking back over its shoulder toward me, unable to do anything but lie there. I was unable to do anything but sit in my car and sob in empathy for the poor creature.
I knew that it was best to stay inside my car and wait for Dave. It would only frighten the deer to see a human. Besides, it was eleven o’clock at night on a deserted two-lane highway; not the safest place for a lone woman. I was only about three miles outside of Fremont, and it wasn’t long before I saw headlights coming up the highway behind me.
Dave left his truck idling, quietly closed his door, and came up to my driver’s side. I pushed the button and lowered my window.
“Are you okay? Did you hit it?” he asked softly, trying to determine if there was any damage to my Pathfinder.
“No, I came up on it. There was no one around. They must have driven off,” I sniffed.
“Are you crying? It’s okay,” he said gently and touched my shoulder.
I looked to the gun he had cradled in the crook of his right arm. “You’re going to shoot it?” I asked, wiping the tears from my cheeks with the backs of my hands.
“It will be a long wait if we call the sheriff from Oskaloosa. They’re not very quick to this kind of call. It looks like both of his back legs are broken,” he observed sadly. “I don’t want you to watch. Will you close your eyes?”
I nodded, and as he started to move slowly toward the front of my truck, I did as he asked and closed my eyes. I heard the shot ring out, even though I had my hands over my ears to drown out the noise.
When I opened my eyes, the deer was lying down and Dave was illuminated by my headlights as he moved it off the travel portion of the highway by its front legs. He bent down to pick up his shotgun and then came back to my door.
“Are you okay to drive?” he asked with concern.
I nodded my head. “I’ll be fine.”
“I’m going to follow you to Oskaloosa to be sure you get home okay.”
“That isn’t necessary, Dave. Really, I’ll be fine.”
“No argument. I’ll be right behind you.” He headed off before I could add anything further. I rolled up my window, waited until he was in his truck, and then started my engine. I turned off my emergency flashers and drove around the deer and back out onto the highway.
I glanced back in my rearview mirror every so often to find Dave Cameron, my knight in shining armor, gallantly escorting me to my castle home—well, room number 11 of the Budget Inn anyway. As I pulled into the parking lot of the bungalow-style motel and parked directly before my room, Dave came up alongside me. He jumped out and hurried over to open my car door.
“What a night,” I said lamely, lacking anything better to say.
“Not the best ending, but up until a few minutes ago, it was the nicest evening I have shared with a woman for a very long time,” he admitted.
“Hmmm…” I replied.
“What? I’m serious!” he laughed. “Well, I’m going to get out of here and let you get some sleep. Besides, I have a long day at work tomorrow. My boss is—”
“Watch it,” I warned, turning back from unlocking my door to see him smiling warmly. “Thank you, Dave; I don’t know what I would have done without your help tonight.”
“No problem, Boss. Maybe I’ll see you Thursday. Stop by the house if you want to get your hands dirty.”
“I will. Good night.”



Chapter 5


Thursday got away from me before I knew it, and I didn’t get a chance to go to the house to assist Dave. I made a trip into West Des Moines to Roslin’s Salon & Day Spa to get my bangs trimmed, have a mani-pedi, and indulge in waxing. Derek was spending the weekend after all. Next was grocery shopping in Oskaloosa to buy the necessities to stock my cupboards, and of course there was the twelve-mile drive to the rental house.
I had left the majority of my possessions in a storage unit in Des Moines, which I would have loaded up and brought to Fremont when I was ready to move into Rose’s house. My immediate needs I had kept in the back of my SUV and I didn’t anticipate it taking too long to unload everything into my rental. As I drove into Fremont I watched the side of the highway looking for the deer, but there was no trace of it. The carcass had been removed.
By the time I finished putting my clothes away and made up my bed, unpacked all my kitchen doodads and utensils, my flat screen TV, computers, etcetera, it was ten o’clock at night before I’d had a chance to even sit down. I flipped open my laptop to check my email while I sat on the sofa watching the local late news. I had received two requests for blog interviews about my books, so I worked on those. When I had answered the questions and sent them off by email, another hour had passed and I was ready to fall into bed.

***

Friday morning, I was up early and dressed in an old hoodie, worn-out blue jeans, and sneakers. With a warm cup of coffee in hand, I was sitting on Grandma Rose’s front porch when Dave Cameron pulled into the gravel drive at 8:00 a.m.
He set a stainless-steel cup on the top of his truck while he pulled on a flannel shirt over his dark-blue tee. He grinned at me as he adjusted his collar and then closed the truck door.
“Hey there, Boss. Am I late or something?” he asked and reached into the bed for his tool belt. Resting the worn leather on his shoulder, he lifted his cup and made his way toward the house, setting his tool belt on the porch and taking a seat at my side.
“No, I’m early. I’m sorry, but I had zero free time to come over here yesterday, so I wanted to be sure to get some assisting in today. Derek will be coming for the weekend. He’ll probably be here about five. But I’m all yours until three-ish.”
“Ahhhh. I see,” Dave nodded. “Well, I think I can find plenty for you to do that’s for sure.”
“I noticed the deer was gone when I came into town yesterday.”
“I called the sheriff’s office and let them know what had happened. After all, I fired off a gun in the dead of the night. I wanted to be sure they knew why, in case they got any reports about the noise. They probably had it removed.”
“You’re a good man to have around in an emergency, Mr. Cameron,” I said, nudging his shoulder with my own. He nudged me back, gave me a slow smile, and then blew across his cup to cool his steaming coffee.
“I have my moments,” he admitted modestly, taking a sip from his cup.
We were quiet then, taking a few more minutes just listening to the stillness of the countryside, enjoying our coffee together. It felt like the most natural place for me to be. I was really starting to feel like I was meant to be there. I sensed his regard on me and looked up into crystal-blue eyes, feeling like a giddy school girl. I was more than a little smitten with Dave Cameron, I think. I might just need to base a character on him in my next novel, if he keeps up his chivalrous tendencies, I thought.
“Oh, hey, since you’re here…” He leaned back slightly and reached into the front pocket of his blue jeans, and pulled something out. “I had this made for you the other day. No sense in you being locked out of your own house.”
He dangled a key on a chain out toward me and dropped it into my upturned palm. The chain had a silver charm on the end, which was in the shape of a stack of books. The top book had been engraved with my first name in tiny, ornate scrolled lettering.
“You just keep racking up those brownie points, Mr. Cameron.”
He chuckled, lifted an index finger, and then made a hash mark in the air. “I’m on a roll,” he said coming to his feet.
“All right, time to work,” he ordered, reaching out to take my hand and pull me up.
“Hmmm, kinda bossy too, I think,” I teased.

***

I spent most of the day with Dave at the house. I scrubbed the front-room fireplace with a nylon bristled brush and some soot remover until it looked almost new. I swept the floors on both levels, wiped down all the new and beautiful fixtures and cabinets in my upstairs bathroom, washed the grout dust off the freshly laid black-and-white daisy-pattern tile floor, shined all the new, old vintage brass doorknobs on newly hung vintage doors throughout the entire house, and spent some time exploring the other buildings on the property to see exactly what all was there. I wanted to eventually get all the outbuildings in good order as well.
After we stopped for some lunch at the Finish Line Diner, we came back and Dave broke out a couple pairs of goggles and masks. He revved up a power sander to start stripping the hardwood floors on the lower level. A lot of old glue and several different stains and lacquers had been covering the floors over the last 142 years.
At 3:00 p.m., I decided I had better call it a day. I needed to get cleaned up before Derek arrived. I was planning on steak and had been marinating them in a glaze of red wine, garlic, and olive oil all day.
Dave moved his mask up so it was sitting atop his head and gave me a nod. “Thanks for all your help today. I appreciate it.”
“My pleasure. I may bring Derek over to take a look when he gets here. Maybe you can meet?”
“Sure. I’ll be here until about six.”
“Okay. Hey, if I don’t end up seeing you, have a good weekend.”
“You too.”



Chapter 6


The red Porsche 911 Carrera arriving in a driveway in Fremont, Iowa, was an oddity to say the least. In a town of pickup trucks, horse trailers, and hay wagons, the extravagant and flashy sports car looked very much out of place.
Derek Bonner opened the door and gracefully stepped out, revealing his six-foot, muscular and well-toned forty-year-old frame. He was dressed in his work clothes, complete with power tie and suit coat. He was an insurance broker who dabbled in the markets and some day trading and had been pretty successful at it. We had met in Chicago when I was out to dinner with my agent, Tom Rhoads, shortly after my second novel had been launched. Tom and he happened to have an investment club in common and had introduced us. That was eight months ago now.
Derek looked like he had just stepped out of GQ magazine. His sandy-blond hair was one-hundred-dollar-a-cut, styled perfection and his face nearly flawless. For lack of a better reference, I would have to say Brad Pitt. Okay…okay, so no one comes close to Brad but, in my opinion, Derek gave him a good run for the money in the looks department. My best friend Mindy would disagree. She thought he looked like maybe the three times removed ugly adopted child of a distant cousin of Brad Pitt. Ah—Mindy, not a fan of Derek.
Derek surveyed the neighborhood while he slipped off his suit coat, folding it carefully across his forearm before he popped his rear lid and pulled out his luggage. I opened the screen door and stood on the front porch waiting for him. I didn’t feel the need to rush to him and leap into his arms like I would have if this were a scene from one of my novels. We didn’t have that passionate type of relationship. Oh, it was good enough behind closed doors, but he didn’t like PDA in the least, and after eight months I had come to realize he never would.
I had bathed and was dressed in a revealing black slip blouse that was one of the sexier items I owned. I wore my skinny jeans and moderate high heels. Underneath, I had a new lacy black bra and matching G-string.
“Hey, stranger,” I greeted him as he mounted the steps. I reached to help him by taking his laptop and suit coat. “How was the drive?”
“Not bad. You look beautiful.”
“Why, thank you. You’re looking pretty good yourself. You hungry?”
“I could eat. I think I need a shower first and maybe a beer?”
“Got some Heineken all chilled for you.” He grabbed hold of the screen door and followed me inside.
Once inside, he immediately put his bag down, and before he even glanced around at the place, he took his computer and suit coat from my hands, dropped them on the nearby sofa, and pulled me into his arms. He engulfed me in a passionate kiss.
“God, I’ve missed you. I’m about to burst,” he whispered.
“I thought you wanted to shower first?” I reminded him. “I was also hoping that maybe you would want to take a drive to get a look at the house and meet the contractor I hired while the baked potatoes finish up.”
“You want me to drive my hundred-thousand-dollar car on gravel? Are you kidding, Torie?” He was dumbfounded, as though he couldn’t even believe I would say such a ridiculous thing.
“We could take my truck.”
Derek was already preoccupied again with kissing me and running his hands over my rear end. I should have felt happy that he desired me, and I was, but I wanted to at least have some conversation and maybe a drink first, like civilized people.
“Not tonight, babe, okay? I’m really fried. I had a hell of a week at work. Can we see about that shower now?”
“Let me at least give you a tour of this house,” I begged. “It will take one minute. Okay, living room,” I said.
“Nice.” He acted as if he were impressed. At least he was attempting to show interest.
“Okay, so here we have the combo kitchen / dining room, hallway, bedroom number one, bathroom, and my bedroom. See, was that so bad?” I teased giving him a light kiss.
We got him a couple hangers for his work clothes, and while I hung his suit coat, he stripped out of everything else, including his underwear, and pulled out his shower supplies. I hung his suit pants on a hanger and headed to the kitchen to get him a beer, while he sauntered after me, buck naked and proud of it. He gave my butt a playful swat as he turned to enter the bathroom, and I scampered out of his reach.


While Derek showered, I brought him the beer and set it on the vanity next to him. “Beer is at three o’clock!” I called over the sound of the water.
“Thank you, babe. Sure you don’t want to join me?” he asked pulling back the curtain to reveal his perfect physique. It was obvious that he spent six days a week in the gym. You don’t get rippling abs like that from sitting on the couch. My eyes skimmed down the entire length of his perfectly sculpted and perfectly trimmed body, and I leaned in to give him a kiss until he teasingly tried to pull me into the shower with him.
“Bonner, you get my clothes wet, and you will be in big trouble,” I warned.
He smiled his seductive, naughty-little-boy smile that had a way of winning me over, but I turned and headed out. “Shower, Derek! Dinner is almost ready.”

***

It didn’t take long after the dinner dishes were cleared and in the dishwasher before Derek was calling for me to join him on the sofa in front of the television, and it wasn’t long after I joined him on the sofa that he managed to have me seated in his lap as his hands explored what was underneath my top. He pulled the edge of my blouse out and peeked underneath, causing me to laugh. He loved breasts and he loved sexy lingerie.
He attempted to get me prone but he couldn’t get comfortable on the small living room sofa. We both struggled and laughed for a while before he finally gave up. With a growl, he jumped up, scooped me off the sofa as if I were as light as a feather, and carried me to the bedroom.


It was some time later that I lay looking up at the ceiling, feeling a little melancholy and unsatisfied as I listened to the water running in the bathroom.
“Your turn,” Derek said as he reentered the bedroom, turned off the stereo, slipped his boxers on, and climbed into bed. He gave me a light kiss, and I could tell he had brushed his teeth and used mouthwash. Sex with Derek was like two individual occurrences, not really a sharing. Very antiseptic and sterile.
I grabbed a pair of pink boxers and a T-shirt out of my dresser and went into the bathroom to get ready for bed. Afterward, I went out to the living room to turn off the TV, lights, and to log on to check my email for a few minutes. I returned to the bedroom to find my man, eyes closed and breathing regularly, sated and sleeping at 9:00 p.m. No, this night of lovemaking will never be in one of my romance novels.
I wasn’t ready to sleep so I turned off the bedside lamp and closed the door so the light from the living room wouldn’t disturb Derek. I turned on a lamp at the side table in my perfectly constructed and cozy reading corner and after grabbing my own novel, Passion’s Fury, off the bookshelf, I curled up in the easy chair near the lamp. I opened the book to page 132 and read the scorching hot, wet, messy, and romantic sex between Beau Gardner and Melody Turner. Now that was lovemaking.
Derek and I, well, I couldn’t blame Derek for my lack of ability to explode in ecstasy like the women in my novels or normal women did. It was my issue and always had been, even before Derek.
I sure could write about great lovemaking, though. The sex in my novels was described by romance critic Janelle Landry as “Hot enough to cause the pages to spontaneously combust!”
Yes, Ms. Landry, but little do you know, it doesn’t come from any firsthand experience. It has probably come from twenty years of reading other women’s romance novels and absorbing the details through osmosis. In the area of romance, I, Torie Mills—am a total fraud.



Chapter 7


And so I began my acclimation to Fremont, Iowa, population 763. Most of the last part of March I spent my days helping Dave Cameron. We became a pretty good team, he and I. I came to sense exactly when he needed a tool and would have it ready for him before he even had to ask. I was like a top-notch surgical nurse, assisting Dr. Dave as he painstakingly renovated and restored Rose’s house to circa 1870.
We spent quite a few days in Des Moines browsing at the Brass Armadillo Antique Mall, Herb’s Salvage, and other antique and salvage shops. It seemed that we had Dave’s truck bed loaded to the top with each trip.
We took a couple of day trips to Omaha to look through store after store of vintage supplies. We hit three different estate sales out in Keokuk County, and Dave managed to salvage quite a bit of hardware he needed for the outbuildings of my homestead and an awesome door to repair the storm cellar.
By mid-April, the house was coming together nicely. I had been so successful at my gathering of vintage furniture that I ended up renting a PODS and had it delivered to Rose’s house so I would have a place to keep everything safe and dry. It was out back in the yard between the house and barn and was beginning to bulge by the time I left for my book tour on May 1.

***

I got back from my book tour on May 16 and only had one day at home before I drove to Des Moines to stay with Derek for the weekend and schmooze with some of his clients for dinner and drinks both Friday and Saturday night.
On Saturday night, I sat in downtown Des Moines at the lovely Cosmopolitan Lounge, stirring my very apropos Cosmo drink and nodding on cue to the stylish, dripping-with-expensive jewelry, and very young wife of Derek’s client, Mr. Middle-Aged Moneybags. I listened to her describe how she had lived enough to fill ten novels with her exploits in the fast-paced world of the rich and famous.
“You should do it. You should write a novel,” I urged her.
“Oh, I couldn’t!” she huffed, with a self-conscious hand over her mouth, floored by the thought. “But if you ever run out of ideas, I would be happy to share.”
“I’ll definitely keep that in mind—can’t have too many good ideas,” I said as I reached for my black clutch, which was vibrating on the oversized leather chair beside me. I pulled out my cell phone and opened the face to read a text message. It was from Dave.

“That little black dress is killer!”

In shock, I looked up and around the room, finally finding him seated at the bar halfway between me and the stage at the far end. He was relaxed, seated on a bar stool, drink in hand. He raised his glass to me in salute and grinned.
Oh, I had missed Mr. Cameron. I had not seen him in Fremont before I left to come to Des Moines for the weekend.
“Would you please excuse me?” I said absently to the table in general, and then I scooted my chair out and on my little black stiletto heels, made my way across the room.
Dave watched me approach and then with a roll of his eyes requested, “Would you go back and do that one more time? I want to be sure to commit that strut to memory for future use,” he sighed, breathlessly.
“What on earth are you doing in Des Moines? And how did you just happen to be in the same bar? Are you stalking me?”
“I knew Max Eubank was playing here, and my date lives downtown at the Plaza within walking distance.”
“Your date?”
“She’s in the restroom. We met through one of those online dating sites. Pretty pathetic, I know.”
“Hmmm,” I murmured. I was a little shocked by the entire situation, seeing Dave Cameron in a great dark-blue dress shirt and tie, nice gray trousers, and something other than work boots. He was just amazing. I couldn’t even think of any eloquent adjectives fitting enough to describe his sexy hotness, and I was a freakin’ writer!
“Hey, you clean up nice, buddy,” I said.
He shrugged, straightened his tie, and gave me his famous one-liner, “I have my moments.”
Just then, a very pretty and much younger woman, blonde and stylishly dressed in a designer outfit, arrived and I moved to provide her access to her seat next to my employee.
Dave rose from his bar stool and stood briefly until she seated herself. She swiveled her stool slightly, reaching to touch Dave’s thigh to steady herself while she crossed her shapely legs and joined our conversation.
“Sharon Johnson. Torie Mills,” he said, and we shook hands while he took a sip of his drink.
“Very nice to meet you, Sharon—Dave, I must get back to Derek, but I’ll be able to help with the house part of next week.”
Dave nodded with a warm smile as the lights dimmed, and Max Eubank started strumming “I Won’t Make You Feel Romantic”. I returned to my table, but I couldn’t help but catch myself watching as Dave and his date leaned close to each other and shared quiet conversation. Dave had his arm around the back of her chair, appearing to share a very warm and intimate connection as they listened to the singer and his acoustic guitar. Me? Oh, I listened to Derek drone on and on, stroking his client’s ego like a two-bit car salesman and expecting me to do the same for the guy’s gold-digging trophy wife.

***

I felt Derek’s hand reach down to ensure the condom stayed secure. He gave me a peck on the cheek and bounced out of bed, heading to the bathroom. I lay, looking up at the ceiling, and then I rolled out of bed and picked my black dress up off the floor. I placed it on its hanger, dangling from a hook on the inside of the open closet door.
I walked into the large closet that was filled to overflowing with Derek’s designer suits, shirts, ties, and more pairs of expensive high-end shoes than even the most ardent female fashionista owned. Even his workout clothes were designer chic. I wondered briefly how he had managed to amass such a collection.
I grabbed a terry robe off a nearby hook, slipping it on. The robe was a spare designated as mine when I visited. I lifted the lid of my suitcase, which rested on a low stand, and removed my night tee, boxers, and toilet articles.
Padding across the plush beige carpet, I dropped my night things on the bed and bent to pick up my black bra, panties, and heels and added them to my overnight bag. As I placed the heels in a shoe sleeve inside the lid, I smiled, remembering Dave’s remark tonight about my strut. I was a little surprised that he would have noticed such a thing about me. We didn’t have that kind of relationship.
I walked back out of the closet and found my clutch in a chair where Derek had tossed it before he had quickly stripped me naked upon our arrival at his elite residence in the gated community of Copper Creek in West Des Moines.
I sat down on the bed and reached into my clutch to find my cell phone. I opened my message screen to recent texts.

“That little black dress is killer!”

I smiled as I read it again and thought about when I had looked up to see Dave’s eyes on me from across the room. His gaze had felt like a homecoming; warm and welcoming.
The bathroom door opened, and I flipped my phone closed and placed it back into my purse.
“All yours, babe.” Derek smiled at me, as he sat on the edge of his bed in his boxers and reached for the remote.
I closed the bathroom door behind me, hung my robe on the back of the door and slipped into my night clothes. I looked into the mirror as I removed my makeup and stared into my eyes reflected in the vanity. Why am I feeling so depressed? I wondered. After I blotted my face on a clean towel, I moisturized, brushed my teeth, pulled off my scrunchie and letting the thoughts go, I joined Derek for some late-night TV.



Chapter 8


Dave Cameron walked along Walnut Street in downtown Des Moines holding the hand of Sharon Johnson, his ideal woman on paper. She even said she would like living in the country with the right man. He had heard that before. Laura had said that as well, once upon a time.
“When I finished school, I just ended up staying in Ames and eventually found a job down here in Des Moines with Markus, Hanson and Hayes, so I bought the condo. It’s been about three years.”
“You enjoy downtown living?” Dave asked, not really interested in what her answer would be. Actually, he was no longer interested in the woman whose hand he held, casually strolling back to her condo on the twenty-third floor of The Plaza.
“I enjoy being in the center of it all. Of course, if I ever marry and definitely when I have kids, I want to be in the burbs or somewhere.”
Dave nodded.
“You seem kind of preoccupied now, Dave. What’s changed from earlier tonight?” she asked looking up into his eyes. She was so blown away by his good looks. She never dreamed he would turn out to look like his profile pic. They had met for one lunch, and this was their first official date, but if he asked she had already decided this would be their first overnight, as well.
“Oh, just a little tired, I think. It was a rough week at work,” he admitted, looking down into her dark eyes. The glow of the street lanterns set her blonde highlights off attractively. She is a very pretty young woman, he thought, but twenty-seven was a bit young for him.
When he had logged onto his computer and signed up for a free dating site, Sharon had been one of those who had the most in common with him. He had been pleased with her when he had come to Des Moines for lunch a few days ago. And he had been hopeful earlier tonight when they had started out, walking the five blocks to the lounge, talking and joking. Yes, it seemed to have gone very well—until he had seen Torie.
This entire thing with Sharon—he was kidding himself. Even signing up for the dating site had been all about Torie Mills. He had done it two nights after she had left for her book tour. That is, after he had worked on her remodel the day after she left—alone for the first time in two months, without her. Her being gone had left him feeling very lonely and blue.
He had spent that first evening after she left sitting out on his back deck staring out at the soybean fields and missing her. Pathetic! He was missing someone who didn’t even belong to him, whom he had never even kissed or held. Hell, he was missing a woman who belonged to another man!
Seeing her tonight and getting a look at Derek made him realize that Torie Mills was way the hell out of his league and he needed to face that fact. But, she didn’t seem to be when she was in her blue jeans and tennis shoes, strolling through the yard of an estate sale with him or shopping at the hardware store or laughing at the diner when she tried to tell some silly joke and totally goofed up the punch line. She was a terrible joke teller. She could laugh at herself easily though. She was the most down-to-earth woman he had met in his lifetime, in spite of her fame and millions. She was an everyday person. She was amazing.
That bastard Derek sure is a good-looking son of a bitch, he thought with jealous ire. He was dressed in what must have been a thousand-dollar suit and was perfectly matched with the elegance that Torie exuded in her understated but breathtaking, above the knee, sleeveless cocktail dress. Her beautiful long, layered hair had fallen perfectly down her back and over her shoulders. Her sexy bangs always helped to frame her delicately featured face.
Dave had taken a few minutes to study Derek and Torie before he had texted from the bar, wanting to watch their chemistry together. The guy didn’t seem appropriately attentive to Torie; in fact, he was across the table from her and he was engrossed in conversation with a man.
Dave couldn’t fathom any man not doing whatever it took to keep Torie at his side. Wasting one moment of an opportunity to look into those beautiful blue-gray eyes was beyond his ability to comprehend. He would have given anything to be escorting Torie out of that bar tonight with a sheltering hand on her back. Derek had left her following behind without even a backward glance. But, hey, it had allowed Dave another look at those silky long legs with their perfectly shaped calves emphasized by stiletto heels walking away.
“Well, here we are,” Sharon said, bringing him back from his thoughts. “Would you like to come up for a drink?”
Dave stood there on the sidewalk beside the plush high-rise condos and looked up at the lighted building with the distinctive blue roof and then down into Sharon’s eyes. It was decision time. There was only one decision for him.
“I had a good time, Sharon…”
“But?” she sensed a rejection coming.
“Maybe we can do this again. I really need to head home to Fremont tonight. I have a dog…”
“I understand.”
He felt relieved that she was making it easy for him.
Sharon looked up with her large dark eyes, and he knew he was the biggest idiot in the world. He bent to give her a kiss, and she stretched up and extended the kiss longer, placing her hands on his shoulders and slanting her mouth across his. He put his arms around her and kissed her back but—no sparks. He knew there wouldn’t be. She wasn’t Torie Mills, and he wanted Torie Mills!
As he pulled away from the curb, he slipped a CD into his player and cued up his favorite track. Matt Nathanson’s “Come On Get Higher” soon filled the cab with lyrics that fed the ache he felt deep inside tonight.



Chapter 9


June 2, 2012

Finally—moving day! Three months ago, it seemed that this day would never arrive. Now, here it was. The restoration of the house itself was complete, down to the barn-red barn and the reproduced front-room wallpaper. With the details from the photographs as a guide, many of the features such as the crown molding, window casings, and even the windows themselves were modern and energy efficient, but painstakingly accurate in styling to the Victorian period. The roof, lap siding, porch brackets, and picket fencing around the yard, had been completed while I was on tour. The house paint, a nice eggshell with cornflower blue trim, was the last to be finished up. Dave had contracted that out to other professionals, and it had come down to the wire, but everything was done. All I had to do now was start filling the place with my own things and all the treasures I had squirreled away in the PODS, where they just waited for me and my moving assistants to unload them into the new place.
I answered a knock on the front door to find Dave Cameron, looking all sexy and smoldering in his white T-shirt and jeans, leaning with one shoulder against the open screen door. Actually, he was just standing there, like an everyday guy. But he was smoldering in my book, from the stray wisps of straight, dark hair spilling over his forehead, to the hypnotizing light crystal-blue eyes, to the dimpled grin that I now knew so well. He was looking hot—hotter than hot. Hotter than he should be to a woman in a committed relationship! But it had been the middle of May since I had spent the weekend in Des Moines with Derek and had seen Dave at the bar and at least another two weeks until Derek would be coming here again.
Derek was not available to help me move over the weekend. He had clients he had to wine and dine. That’s what long distance is all about, Torie old girl. After all, the relationship with Derek had been this way since the beginning. It was what I had signed on for. And honestly, except for the dry spells sex-wise, it was a good fit for me and my emotional abilities. I didn’t do full-on relationships well. I never had.
“Mov-ing-day! Mov-ing-day!” Dave chanted enthusiastically.
I reached out to grab his forearm and give it an excited shake. “Finally here!” I laughed and then glanced behind him to the men who looked like they didn’t get the joke.
Behind Dave on the porch of my rented house stood two capable and burly men, dressed in matching slate-gray tees, and behind them in the drive was their truck, with the famous logo Two Men and a Truck emblazed across its side. They had stopped in Des Moines and emptied my storage unit first. Dave had assisted them with that also.
“I’m all packed up, guys. Come on in.” I stepped back and allowed them to enter. “Only the furniture I have tagged goes, but everything else, the TV, all the boxes in each room are mine.” I looked to Dave who was surveying the mountain of boxes I had assembled. “I can’t believe I have so much stuff! I think I must have doubled my possessions since I’ve been here.”
“I’m not surprised,” Dave said with a grin. “You bought a truckload of crap every trip we made,” he teased.
“Crap?” I feigned offense at such a comment. “Just wait until you see how great it is going to look in Rose’s house. It’ll be beautiful,” I nodded.
Dave crossed his arms over his chest with a warm smile. “I have no doubt,” he assured me with a wink and a playful nudge of my shoulder as he sauntered off toward the back of the house to assist the movers.

***

At 9:00 p.m. that night, I finally dropped into a chair at the kitchen table of my new house and slowly stirred minestrone soup as I blew across the surface to cool it. I took a handful of crackers and crushed them in my hands before sprinkling them over the bowl. I was so dead tired from the day that this was all I could manage to prepare. I flipped open my laptop and logged onto the Internet to check my email and catch up with family and friends on Facebook while I ate.
With a sigh at myself for forgetting, I struggled to my feet again, grabbed a diet soda from the fridge, and plopped back into my chair. I kicked off my tennis shoes and rubbed my aching feet on top of each other. Awww! My feet were so tired.
I glanced back to my computer and saw a Facebook chat message from Dave.

Dave Cameron: How goes your first night so far?
Torie Mills: Great, just sat down to some warm soup.
Dave Cameron: Spaghetti O’s for me.
Torie Mills: I win.
Dave Cameron: Ha ha. I’ll talk to you again soon?
Torie Mills: Definitely! We gotta do lunch sometime.
Dave Cameron: I’ll give you a call?
Torie Mills: Anytime!
Dave Cameron: Good night.
Torie Mills: Night, Dave!

As Dave went off into the Facebook cosmos, I finished up a message to my sister Sarah in Colorado, checked my book sales on Amazon, logged off and closed my computer.
After I finished my soup, I rinsed my dishes, wiped off the table, and flipping off light switches as I went, headed upstairs to spend my first night in the master bedroom of Grandma Rose’s house.



Chapter 10


I awoke with a start. I had been asleep, and then boom, I was awake. I sat up quickly and looked about the room. It seemed something had jolted me awake, but the room was quiet. The sun, however, was streaming through the sheers at the window, and I glanced beside me to the digital bedside alarm clock: 10:00 a.m. No way! I never slept past six. Oh boy, I gotta pee! I hurried to the bathroom at the end of the hall, and while sitting on the toilet, I started to remember something. It was a dream I had had last night.
I flushed the toilet, washed my hands, and then still pondering the dream headed back to my bedroom and clicked on my desktop computer. For some reason, I felt the need to go to my family tree program because a certain date kept running through my head.
In the dream, which I seemed to be a part of, I recalled seeing a room full of people. In my head, I could see it; it was the front room downstairs. I could now recall that many of those present were crying—maybe a funeral or some other sad occurrence? Everyone was in dark clothing. Everyone was hovering around me, comforting me. But it wasn’t me. It wasn’t anything I was ever a part of. The people were all dressed in old-fashioned clothing. The room was furnished in styles of a hundred years ago, at least.
I brought up the list of my family members in the family tree and scanned down through the dates displayed for each person, birth and death dates. The date that kept running through my mind was December 12, 1885.
The family tree included over seventeen thousand relatives. This could take all day! So I decided to do some deductive reasoning. In the dream, it was this house—so it had to be some of my Fremont relatives. Okay—of my Fremont relatives, thinking in my mind’s eye about the roomful of people around me in the dream and using my extensive genealogy knowledge, I considered those whose faces I could recall clearly from the dream and who would have been alive in 1885. It could be Rose Wyman’s family members or the Mills family.
I scrolled down the Wyman family tree; Rose, her children, aunts, uncles, then—wait, I almost overlooked it. My great-great-grandfather Judson Wyman, husband of Rose, had died December 12, 1885. This was too freaking weird!
I sat there pondering. Thinking about all those I had seen about me in the room, I flipped to the tree and started looking at photographs of all the children of Rose and Judson. Looking at photographs of their grandchildren, I felt a cold chill run up my spine and goose bumps rise on my arms. I recognized all of them. They were alive and walking and moving in my dream—talking to one another and to me.
I had been sitting in a chair in the front room downstairs. They must have all just come back from the cemetery because I recalled people removing their coats. I could recall the front door opening and a blast of chill air coming in with a man in a heavy overcoat before it was hastily closed again. I recalled looking to the dining room and seeing several men placing the chairs around the table. The men were Rose’s sons—George, Norman, and John. John had a white boutineer in his lapel. Thinking about myself in the dream, I remembered I also held a white flower in my hands, which were resting in my lap, but they weren’t my hands. They were weathered and spotted from age. The two women who were kneeling on the floor before me and patting my forearm consolingly were my great-grandmother Alice Wyman Mills and her youngest sister Mahala Wyman.
“Mother, you should rest,” Mahala said, looking up into my eyes. Was I my great-great-grandmother Rose Wyman?
It was a dream, but it wasn’t a dream. How could I dream in such detail something I had never even thought about? I had never considered the actual event of Judson’s death even during all my genealogy research. I had not gone to such depths as considering what people would have been wearing, the time of year, and if coats would have been worn. I had never entertained any thoughts of Judson being laid out in the dining room, but in the dream, as I had watched the men arranging the room, I had known that Judson had been laid there just hours ago.
I left my bedroom barefoot and padded downstairs in my comfy tee and boxers to the front room. Closing my eyes, I put my hands to my temples concentrating and thought of the dream. I envisioned where I had been sitting. I was just to the right of the front door. I opened my eyes and looked around and then pulled the small antique sofa I had acquired at a shop in Oskaloosa into position. I took a seat there.
I glanced to the left, past the staircase to the second story, through the archway of the dining room, and noted that in my dream the table was almost exactly where it was positioned now but with ten chairs around it. I could envision the men placing the chairs.
I stood up and made my way to the dining room and to the wall that would have been behind Norman as he worked to place a chair. I could see the top of the swinging door just behind him as he stood there in my dream. I now looked to the same spot where he would have come up to on the door.
I dashed into the mudroom, retrieved the measuring tape from my utility cart, and ran back to the dining room. Holding it up to the door frame, where I could envision him standing, I measured six feet three inches. Norman was one of the tallest of the Wyman men. He and his brother John were both over six feet.
I looked to the table and the eight settings it held. I knew exactly what size and shape table I needed to find for this room. I knew that the chairs should have dark-brown leather seat cushions with shiny brass rivets. The backs should have florets of flowers and scrolls. The table needed to be about four feet longer.
The swinging door, which Dave had added months ago, I now knew needed to be stained a reddish mahogany. I knew decisively that mahogany wainscot should be added to the three walls of the dining room and the same mahogany stain was needed on the table and chairs. The wainscoting was not on the walls in the photographs I had of the dining room. But those photos were from about 1910. In 1885, there was definitely wainscoting with rectangle cutouts about every foot on center and wallpaper with thick, forest-green vertical stripes covering the walls above it. I knew all this as surely as if I had been there and seen it with my own eyes.



Chapter 11


The dreams came again my second night in my new home, and the next night and the next. It was always a different dream, different people, different circumstances, but it soon became obvious to me that these were not simple dreams. After trying to dismiss it, it wasn’t long before I decided to embrace it. I accepted that everything I was experiencing was real. For whatever reason, I was having some serious shit going on. And as I dreamed, I logged the occurrences, making notes, changing my facts, and updating biographies for my family and the people of Fremont as I learned about them all firsthand. And as I did so, my world started changing.
I realized early on that I could manipulate things—not big manipulations, though. I couldn’t seem to alter history or anything like that. It was just little things. For example, during one time warp, as I came to refer to them, I happened to be at Rose’s house when a family photo was snapped about 1914. I recalled the photograph very well; in fact, I had the original. It was about twenty-five relatives standing in three rows on the back steps of the house, like they were standing on risers.
I had spent most of the day with the family. I was Sarah, wife of my granduncle Albert Mills. He had presented me with a gentle kiss and a small clump of flowers during a walk about the yard. I was holding the flowers when the photograph was taken. Thing was—they were not in the original photograph, but when I woke up in the present and pulled out my albums of photographs, there was the photo—complete with flowers! The original photograph had been altered permanently. I had gone to my computer and fired up my genealogy program and looked on my family tree documents, finding the same photograph. No flowers. The digital image had not been altered, only the original.
Many of the photographs I had gathered from family were copies, but my own private collection was originals. After that experience, I used my digital camera to make sure I had new photos of every old original photograph and tintype in my possession, and kept them in my family tree program on my computer. Then I was able to compare them side by side with the originals and see the differences. Really freaky but really interesting!

***

The weekend with Derek I’d planned for the middle of June did not materialize. I hadn’t seen him for over a month now. I didn’t know much about relationships because, to be honest, Derek was my longest and most successful, but it seemed odd that we could go a month with just phone calls. Was that even a relationship? I was beginning to wonder about that. I was busy with the freaky goings-on in my new house though anyway, and not having to deal with Derek staying over made things easier.
Dave Cameron thought I was crazy when I called him later in June and asked him to fit me into his schedule for some additional work. He was free right away, which surprised me. I figured I would have a wait. I had already purchased most of what I needed for the project and had it ready for him when he arrived.
I needed him to make a special closet in my bedroom below the chair rail and in the wainscoting that I was having him add at the same time. It was Rose’s bedroom, circa 1878. The small cubby fit just between two wall studs and was two feet high but used only the four inches of depth behind the wall. He didn’t ask me what it was for, but I had a story all ready to tell him and went ahead and mentioned I was thinking about adding a custom made wall safe for valuables and wanted it hidden for that reason. He seemed to buy the story without question.
To anyone looking, it appeared to be a plain wall, but it had a special press point in the wainscot that popped it open. It had to be a complicated latch. I had to be sure it would have been undetectable 134 years ago as well as today. To get it open, I had to push at the very lowest right corner and at the same time, push in the center of the door, halfway down. A metal band flexed and then released the door, and it popped open.
Would it really work? Would it have existed back then? My plan was to use it to hide things back then to bring forward. It seemed like it would work. I had been able to hide an old Brownie camera back then in a corner of the second story hayloft of the barn. I’d wrapped it in a linen cloth and slipped it behind a board seated on a horizontal support, totally undetectable. I had found it in the present, exactly where I had left it back in 1910.



Chapter 12


The closet worked! In fact, it worked so well that my house was beginning to look like a time capsule. The front room photograph of my great-great-great-grandmother Jane Johnston Simpson and her twelve children, including a young Grandma Rose Simpson Wyman, hung exactly where it had been on the wall in the photograph of the front room that had been professionally restored. They had been blurry, unknown people in that picture. Now, they were crisp and clear, and thanks to my wonderful, funny, and sweetest-ever great-great-grandma Rose, who had pointed out who was who, I knew exactly who every one of her siblings were and had added digital close-ups of their individual faces to each of their family tree profiles.
One warp, I was my great-grandmother Alice Wyman Mills. My husband Henry and I were heading to the Emporium in Fremont to have a tintype made. I managed to convince Henry to hitch up the larger horse and buggy rig so we could also take his father, stepmother, and their children with us, and had a tintype made of them. I was able to place that photograph in the secret closet and when I opened the door in 2012, it was in pristine condition, and I now had a tintype of my great-great-grandfather Francis Mills and his second wife Esther and their children. This was the most significant manipulation of events I was responsible for.
Francis Mills had never been able to do more than scrape out a meager existence for his second family. He worked on the railroad and was a switchman in Oskaloosa, which meant that he would be gone all week, coming home only on weekends.
Franz Millar, his first wife Greta and sons Peter and Henry had come from Germany in 1850, settling first in Indiana before joining a wagon train and heading out for Iowa in 1852. Although the first name and surname were altered and Americanized, and children Henry Mills and his brother Peter learned fluent English, Francis Mills never learned more than just enough to get by. He never had enough money to afford any luxuries, such as a photograph for posterity, in his later years.
Second wife Esther and their children, four girls who were my great-grandaunts and half-sisters to Great-Grandpa Henry, had been totally unknown to me. I’d had no photos and no information other than census documents. Now I knew them all quite well and actually enjoyed getting to know them.
I had always envisioned them as being like the evil sisters in Cinderella. The family history stated that stepmother Esther had no interest in Francis’s two sons from his first wife, my great-great-grandmother Greta, who had died in Indiana shortly after their arrival. Francis had married Esther shortly after Greta’s death and they had started a new family right away. I always assumed that Esther and those girls would have been hideous, nasty creatures. But Esther was just illiterate, and the girls, although very poor, managed to attend some school and made the most of their lot in life—at least that was my experience with them.
My great-grandfather Henry truly did not like his stepmother Esther, though. Not in any of my time warps with him did he ever have a kind word for her. He did love his father very much. That was always obvious to me and he helped the family while his father was alive.
After Francis died in 1892, Esther and the girls ended up at the Keokuk County Poor Farm until at least 1915. The family did not lift a finger to assist them. I hadn’t had any warps regarding that situation yet. I had no way of knowing if I ever would.
The time warps didn’t seem to have any rhyme or reason to them. I never got back to the exact same time or place. I never got back to continue any story line. I might be in 1872 one night and the next be in 1920. I had one experience or warp per night though, never changing to different warps in the same night. Sometimes they were long and elaborate, sometimes short and I would wake up earlier. Those short warps were rare. Most were long and lasted at least a full eight-plus hours.
I was always a female when I warped, varying in age from small girls to very old women. I was often a relative of some sort to the Mills or Wyman families—but there were times when I was a completely unrelated woman with no seeming family tie. Sometimes, I could determine what the common link was, usually a family member of an in-law or along those lines. My total knowledge of every single person buried in the cemetery helped me a lot!
I started using my time in the real world to research even deeper so that I could feel comfortable in nearly anyone’s skin. I spent quite a few days’ kicking around the Keo-Mah Genealogical Society with John and his wife Margaret, who was treasurer as well as one of the editors of the newsletter, just hanging out and reading the Fremont Gazette on microfilm for hours.
Warping quickly became my obsession and a game in a way. It was a challenge to figure it all out and succeed in the warps by fitting in—like being an actor and having a new part to play each night. It was totally addictive and became an amazing escape.



Chapter 13


Historic Fremont Days was a three-day festival and a 130 year-old tradition. It was always celebrated the last weekend of June. The city park was filled with brightly colored midway rides, and the town was full of carnies. People from all over the entire county and beyond descended on the little community. I had really been looking forward to this event.
I didn’t come into town for the rides, but I did stand along Main Street on Saturday morning in the diner parking lot to watch the parade. It was the typical small-town extravaganza of pickup trucks carrying Little League baseball teams, a couple of tractors, and horses decked out in fancy saddle gear. The firemen on their engine and paramedics in their rescue vehicle tossed candy to the kids standing along the route and blasted their sirens intermittently. Good times were had by all.
Saturday night, Toaster, one of my favorite regional cover bands from Des Moines was slated to play at the street dance on South Pine Street. They were an awesome band. They were known for spot-on covers of everything from some early Beatles to Def Leppard and Rick Springfield’s “Jessie’s Girl” to Third Eye Blind and Aerosmith.
As the sun set in the west over the grain elevator, the guys from the volunteer fire department blocked off South Pine Street and put out cones closing the street off to all traffic for a block at either end of Stevie C’s and Tim’s Time Out.
I parked my Pathfinder behind Tim’s Time Out in the grain elevator parking lot and walked up the back alley to the festivities. There were probably 150 people milling about and walking back and forth between the two bars.
Many had already staked out their spots at the tables that had been arranged in neat rows spread across the street. Kids were playing ring-around-the-rosy and doing cartwheels in the open area in front of the stage that would be used as a dance floor later in the night. The air was still hot from a pretty steamy and humid Iowa day, but dressed in short blue jean shorts and a multi-color-splashed spaghetti-strap top and flip-flops, I was pretty comfortable even with my heavy hair hanging down my back.
As I juggled for a spot along the sidewalk, I took note that the Fremont Community School District had loaned a big yellow school bus to the cause, which created a backdrop for the band at the far side of the stage. The equipment manager was using the interior of the bus to set up his table of switches and lighting boards. The stage, the mobile type, was about three feet off the street level and had metal girders underneath that were camouflaged by red, white, and blue crepe banners.
I saw my cousins Herald and Linda Mills and spent a few minutes talking with them. They were the cutest old couple. In their late sixties, they lived outside of town on one of the other original homesteads of our family. Herald’s grandfather Robert was my grandpa Arlan’s oldest brother. I had gotten to know Herald and Linda during my years researching, and I had gone to their home for dinner a couple times since I moved here. He was still farming about 160 acres of corn, and Linda was the Fremont clerk of court and cemetery administrator. We talked now about the weather, about my house and my plans for my future in Fremont—just general chitchat.
I also happened to see John Sweeney and his wife Margaret, from the Keo-Mah Genealogical Society, and excused myself from Herald to go and catch up with John on his doings. I realized as I spoke with him and waved at the cook Tom Morris, from the Finish Line Diner strolling past with his wife Martha, that Hey! I’m starting to make some connections. I’m becoming a local! I love small-town living!
After that, I went into Tim’s Time Out and grabbed a nice cool Miller Light in a plastic cup and chatted with Tim for a few minutes about his cousin and my friend Keith Dinsmore. Keith was a pretty famous regional author and newspaper publisher who had passed away a few months ago. He and I had collaborated about a year ago on a book he had been working on. Forever Fremont Iowa was a book about Fremont High School alumni. I had provided him with some of my photos for the project. Even though Keith had passed, the project was still being pushed forward by a group of dedicated Fremont alum.
When Tim got busy, I headed back out to stand along the sidewalk with the other poor table-less rabble and waited for the band to start. They were now tuning up.
I saw Dave Cameron from across the street as he sauntered out of Stevie C’s, and my eyes followed him as he moved behind the line of people opposite me, walking along the sidewalk. He appeared to be by himself. He didn’t see me, so I reached into the back pocket of my jean shorts for my cell phone and held my half-empty beer cup in my teeth while I typed out a message. I pressed send.

“That’s some tight burgundy tee u r rockin, Mr. C.”

“Where r u?” came the rapid reply.

Before I had a chance to respond, I saw him spot me. He kept me in his line of vision and tapped people on the shoulder, excusing himself as he made his way through the crowd. Finally, he stepped off the curb into the street and crossed to join me.
“Hey, Lady,” he said, taking a look around at the people in my general area. “Derek inside?”
I reached to place my phone in my back pocket and shook my head. “No, Derek had more important things to do.”
“Hmmm. So you’re here alone?”
“Just me, myself, and I. What about you?”
“Same. So here we are, just two people alone in downtown Fremont on a Saturday night. Been a long time, Miss Mills. Interesting.” He kept smiling his most beautiful, dimpled smile.
“Very interesting,” I agreed. “You seeing anyone since Sharon?”
“No. You know, this may surprise you, but there just aren’t many ladies out there that have any interest in Fremont, Iowa, if you can imagine such a thing,” he said dryly.
“I can’t imagine that, to be honest,” I confessed. Who couldn’t love this town?
The band started at that point and we stood together singing along to Rick Springfield’s “Jessie’s Girl”. People took to the concrete dance floor, and the dark night was lit with the rockin’ sounds of Toaster.
It was about forty minutes later that the band announced they would be taking a break and finished their set with one of my favorites “How’s It Gonna Be” by Third Eye Blind.
Dave took my fresh beer from my hand and set it down with his on a nearby building window ledge and reached for my hand. “Come on. Dance with me, Boss.”
I let him lead me to the middle of the street as the guitar intro played and then he pulled me close and held my hand in his while his other hand came around my waist. I reached up to place my arm around his neck, and we glided around the concrete street, in front of the stage and a big yellow school bus with little kids and other couples all around us, but oddly, it seemed like we were alone in the world.
After a minute, he moved both my hands to circle his neck, and he held me around the waist tight against his sturdy frame. The feel of his body against mine was a new experience for us and I must admit, exciting. We swayed, and I could feel his breath near my ear as he softly sang to me along with the band, and the smell of his cologne, Cool Water, so much a part of him, filled my senses. I had goose bumps and closed my eyes, listening to his perfectly pitched, rich voice. He was a good singer. It was magical.
The song ended. Dave didn’t seem to want to let me go. A radio channel started playing from the loud speakers, and one of my favorite Bon Jovi tunes, “Never Say Goodbye” started up and we continued to slowly dance while Dave serenaded me, holding me close. He knew every word. It was a perfect slow dance song, but it could’ve been “Chopsticks” and I wouldn’t have cared. We were having a moment.
When a commercial blared on the radio at the end of the song, we didn’t have any other excuse and we stopped. I looked up into his eyes and swallowed hard. His mouth was inches from mine. I broke first, stepping back, and he allowed me to step away. The spell was broken.
During that break in the music, we went into Stevie C’s and grabbed a slice of pizza and came back out to the street. We found a seat at an empty table and sat side by side. We talked quietly in each other’s ears about anything and everything, catching up on anything we may have missed since seeing each other last, when he had built my closet. We never seemed to run out of things to talk about.
The dance ended officially at 12:30, but we continued to sit at the table until two of Fremont’s finest volunteer firemen approached and wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“Come on, Dave, please! We gotta get these out of here,” Fireman Kevin Smith whined.
“Dude, please!” Fireman Wally Norton added.
We finally relented, as we really had no choice once Fire Chief Matlin showed up. “Move it inside, Cameron, Miss Mills,” he suggested pointing to the bars.
We then had to decide if we were going to continue our talk and join the rest of the partiers in the bars or call it a night. I felt like I could have stayed with him for about another ten hours and not run out of things to talk about. I decided it would probably be best to head home instead. He looked disappointed but nodded and walked me to my truck, which was still parked behind the bar in the elevator parking lot. He wanted to be sure I was safely in my vehicle.
As I fumbled in my pants pocket for the keys, he waited quietly, and when I had located them, I turned to him.
“Thank you for hanging out with me tonight, Dave. I had a great time.”
“Anytime, Torie, and once again, one of the best nights with a woman I’ve had in a very long time.”
I felt like I just needed to get in my truck and go, but I really didn’t want the moment to end. My eyes were trapped in his while my responsible, logical side was screaming clear directives in my head, Get in the car, Torie! Get in the car, Torie!
All at once, the decision was taken out of my hands as Dave reached out, took me by my hips, and pulled me up close to him. Then he was kissing me, deeply and passionately, with his mouth slanting across mine and his tongue pushing in to be met by my own. His kiss seemed to be full of longing and raw need. I reached up to let my arms encircle his neck. It was more desire and passion than I had ever experienced or felt in a man’s arms before. As he possessed my mouth, his arms encircled me and I felt the truck door behind me and then we were against the side of my SUV, his body pressed against mine, along the length of mine, and I was eagerly responding to the heat of his passion. We shared another kiss and another; deep, penetrating, and powerful, so much so that my knees felt weak and I thought my legs might collapse at any moment.
Somehow, I finally came to my senses—this was not acceptable! I was in an exclusive relationship with Derek. I had to remember that.
I gently pushed against Dave’s powerful chest, and for a moment, he didn’t seem to be able to withdraw, almost as if he wasn’t going to, until finally, trembling and breathing heavily, he got hold of himself and stepped back, looking down into my eyes.
He took another moment. The look in his eyes was almost pained, but he stepped back further. “I’m sorry, Torie. I…” he stammered.
“I’m sorry. I…I have to go,” I stammered in return.
I quickly got into my car and started it as Dave stood there and watched me drive away.

***

Dave watched as Torie sped away onto the main highway heading toward her home. He turned and walked back through the alleyway to the street dance just as the firefighters put the last table on a city truck and grabbed the cones from the street. He was standing alone on the spot that had been a dance floor a short time before, remembering the details of the dance they had shared.
Torie’s long auburn hair had spilled down her back and over his hands as he held her tight and the fragrance of her perfume was soft, light and clean. Her slim body felt as though it was meant to be under his hands. His arms had encircled her, sheltering her and pressing her against his own body as they were one with the music. Her large blue eyes had looked up into his; her full lips seeming to beckon him as the dance ended. He had almost kissed her then. He would have ruined everything and not had the additional time with her tonight if he had.
It had taken all his willpower to strike down his need and force his retreat from the passionate kiss they had just shared—that he hadn’t wanted to let end. Her response to him had been unexpected and electric. His hunger was even greater than he had realized—he was absolutely starved for the intimacy of a woman’s touch. Not just a woman though—it was Torie he craved. His passion for her was maddening and ravenous. He needed to somehow curb his desire for her or he would lose her completely, even as a friend.
He could hear laughter and conversation coming from the open doors of Stevie C’s and Tim’s Time Out, but he wasn’t in the mood. He crossed the street, heading to his truck which was parked behind Stevie C’s, but as he passed the doorway, he heard a familiar voice.
“Cameron, get your ass in here!” Jeff Allman ordered. “I need to buy you a drink, buddy. I got that roofing job thanks to you.”
Dave stuck his head inside to see the place was overflowing with rowdy partiers continuing where the street dance had left off.
“Just one,” Dave agreed, joining his best friend at the counter.
“Deal! Steve, a Miller Light for Mr. Cameron, if you please. Okay, so I need to hear all about Torie Mills. And you’re welcome for me leaving you two alone tonight. She’s a knock-out, huh?”
“Jeff, you have no idea.”
“Sounds like you’ve been bitten by love, old boy. About time you got back in the game. I was getting a little worried about you.”
Dave gave him a slow shake of his head. “Nah, she’s taken, but I’m more than bitten, I’m afraid. I’m an ass and a glutton for punishment. I can’t seem to stay away from her.”
“Ain’t that the way it always is?” Jeff clapped him on the shoulder affectionately and then turned, as he felt the brush of a newcomer arriving at the stool next to his own. “Well, if it ain’t my prom date! Cheri, honey, how you been?”
“Jeffey, Dave, it’s like a high school reunion around here tonight, isn’t it?” she laughed. “Steve, a couple beers over here. So tell me, ya’ll, what’s new?”



Chapter 14


July began with another short Midwest book signing tour, starting in Chicago. I was noticing a pattern, and I didn’t know if Nancy just didn’t think I would catch on, but I had! I was spending at least part of each month on the road promoting my book. I got back home on July 8 late in the day.
When I landed at the airport in Des Moines and picked up my truck from the long-term parking, I had to then stop in Oskie for some basic groceries; by the time I got home it was almost 9:00 p.m. I checked my email and went to bed early. I was really in the mood for a time warp. What and where didn’t matter, just somewhere interesting was all I hoped for. It was always a crapshoot as to what I would experience.
I lay in my bed in the dark waiting to drift off, listening to the quiet of the house. I started pondering that I hadn’t heard from Derek for three days and had had no messages from him tonight, not even just to see that I had arrived home safely. I was feeling very unsatisfied with my relationship, which was odd for me. I had felt that Derek and I had the perfect casual, exclusive relationship, and it had lasted more than eleven months now. It had kept me from feeling overwhelmed or smothered. Now, all at once, I was feeling neglected? I have relationship issues—big time! There, I said it.
For some reason, Dave came to mind, and I recalled the last time I had seen him at the street dance and the moment we had shared as he pressed me up against my truck and kissed me so forcefully and so passionately. I could feel a stirring as I remembered the kiss. It had been too long. I needed Derek. I consoled myself with thoughts that he would be here next weekend. I turned over, put those painful thoughts of Dave out of my mind, and waited for the warp to take me away.

***

The next morning, it was cooler than usual for a July day, so about mid-morning, I decided to get cleaned up and drive into Fremont to go on an investigative tour checking out the small line of old buildings that occupied downtown, clustered around either side of the two bars.
The one-story structures, built at the turn of the century, had all been through many facelifts and modernizations. However, the carved stone in the brick facade of the current Stevie C’s was still intact. “State Bank” with the year 1900 was inset along the top. It had been rebuilt after at least a couple of fires around that time destroyed most of the wooden structures along South Pine. This brick version of the bank building was still in pretty good shape.
Next along the street was the tiny telephone relay station and beside that, the Fremont post office. I was strolling on, when the next building caught my eye and held my interest. I peeked through the edge of an old rattan rolling shade that hung off-kilter and allowed a look inside the room.
It had obviously been closed for a number of years. It looked as though the occupants had simply closed the door one day and never returned. A thick layer of dust covered two pianos in varying states of disrepair. Tools were scattered about the pianos and the floor. On the edge of a black metal desk covered by a leather blotter with a calendar sat a black, old-fashioned, chunky dial telephone. A cup of pens and pencils were near a small note-taking pad. It looked as though a secretary could have just stepped out for lunch.
“Hey, lady.”
I turned with a start. Dave’s black truck had pulled up along the curb beside me.
“Hey, Mr. Cameron,”
Dave was not alone and his passenger looked to be in his mid-thirties. He had light-brown hair, brown eyes and was equally as tanned and toned as Dave.
I approached the passenger side of the vehicle.
“Jeff, this is Torie Mills. Torie, this is my best friend Jeff Allman, a fellow Fremont alum.”
“Yes. I recognize the name. Nice to meet you, Jeff,” I reached out to shake his hand.
“You recognize my name?” he asked in surprise.
“Oh, I mean the surname. Your family is in the cemetery with Dave’s and mine,” I explained.
“I see. Yes, we are part of an elite group, aren’t we?”
I nodded. “Hey, maybe you guys know. What’s with this closed-up building? It looks to have been a piano repair shop. Any idea?”
“That has been closed since we were little kids,” Dave said.
“No idea on the story, but, hey,” Jeff said, looking to Dave, “what about Bill? I bet he would know. You should stop in at the barbershop and ask him. Bill knows everything about Fremont. He’s the old sage—keeper of the stories.”
“Really?” I hadn’t realized, and thinking of the questions my time warps were adding to my genealogy records, I thought he might hold some of the answers.
Dave pointed across the street and far down on the corner. It was the last small original building on the west side of the business district. Just past that point was a farm and a field full of cows.
“Thanks. I’ll stop over there and ask him. So what are you guys up to today?”
“Taking advantage of this cool weather. We’re tackling a reroof job. Jeff is, I should say. I signed on to assist.”
“It’s a great day to be outside. I’m just piddling around here. I think I’ll see if Bill knows anything about the old schoolhouse while I’m at it. He might know where it was located.”
“If anyone will, Bill’s the man,” Dave said with a nod. “Well, we had better be getting back at it.”
“Good to meet you, Jeff.”
“You too, Torie; we’ll meet again, I’m sure.”
As the guys took off, I crossed the street and headed down to the shop with the old-style, red-striped barber pole.
The chime on the door was really not necessary because the moment you crossed the threshold, you were in the center of the shop. No one inside could miss the new arrival standing in their midst. The shop held one barber chair and just feet away, two waiting room chairs against the picture window facing the street. In soap lettering across the window was an ornate banner: “Fremont Hair Styling for Men”. Below, in bold letters, it read “Bill’s Barber Shop”.
Bill the barber was seated in his barber chair with the Des Moines Register newspaper open before him. He closed the paper and folded it as he came to his feet.
“Hello. How can I help you?”
He was in a crisp white jacket with a red emblem over the breast pocket, which held a comb and pen. The emblem said “Fremont Perfect Cut”. White hair, glasses—I guessed he was probably in his mid-seventies. He really didn’t look old enough to be the keeper of the wisdom.
“Hi, my name is Torie Mills. I just moved to town and have it on good authority that you are the keeper of the knowledge about Fremont.”
“I seem to have gotten that reputation. What can I help you with? Mills? You must be related to Herald and Linda.”
I nodded. “Cousins.”
“Your people were?” he asked with interest. I could immediately understand how he acquired his knowledge. He was interested in me and my story before I could ask him a single question.
“My great-grandfather was Henry Mills, also related to the Wyman’s in the cemetery—Judson and Rose.”
“Ahhh, okay, I see now. Your grandfather was?”
“Arlan.”
“Oh, yes, I remember when Arlan was brought here for burial. Must have been 1989.”
He had it exactly right. “That’s pretty impressive. I think you may be just the man to shed some light on the mysterious building across the street. Looked to be some sort of a piano repair shop?”
“Oh yeah, that was John Patterson’s shop. He had a stroke and died in about 1970. His widow closed up the place, and it has sat since then. He actually bought old pianos at auction and would rebuild them and sell them to collectors. I think his son owns it now. Someone does, because they pay the property taxes yearly,” he shrugged.
“It looks very mysterious when you look through the window.”
“Not as romantic as it looks.”
“Well, I have another question for you. I have a family history, and it has mentioned in it an old schoolhouse east of town.”
“Olive Branch, yes. Northeast corner off East Main, as you come off the pavement onto the gravel. Just east of your grandfather Henry’s ‘in town’ house, at the fork of Main and Twenty-Three.”
I was floored. Great-grandfather Henry Mills had moved to town about 1917 after he quit farming and passed his farm on to his children. Henry had been dead since 1940. The house still existed right at the juncture of Main and Highway 23, just as Bill had described.
“The school is just on the other side of the road and on the edge of Tom Marshall’s cornfield about a quarter mile on the gravel. If you get to 110th Street, you’ve gone too far. I think you can still see a pile of rubble there. It was small, probably a building of about twelve by sixteen feet.”
I took a seat on one of the chairs by the windows, while Bill took a seat again in his barber chair. I raised a finger indicating, “Give me a second”, and reached into my purse to grab a pen and notepad, quickly jotting down the information. And with that, we were off as he opened a floodgate of new information that I filled sheet after sheet of notepaper with, adding to my total knowledge of the town of Fremont that I would be able to glean details from to help me during my time warp travels.
Two hours later, with a tablet full of information and stories, I bid barber Bill farewell and headed back to my farmhouse to grab my digital camera. After a very short search, I found the remains of the schoolhouse, just as he described. I parked along the gravel and climbed down into the ditch and up to the fence line. I crawled between the strands of barbed wire to the edge of the corn that was way more than the traditional knee high by the fourth of July.
I took several pictures of the site, which still had wood and remnants of a stone foundation. I had a photograph of my grandpa Arlan at home. It was taken out in front of this building with his classmates and teacher. He was six years old in the photo. At the time it was taken, the school was on the far outskirts of town. In the photo, past the children and the school out in the distance behind, Fremont was visible. The town had grown considerably since then. Near great-grandpa Henry’s ‘in town’ house was a new residential area and trailer park these days.

***

I arrived home to a voicemail on my house phone from my sister Sarah in Fountain, Colorado. She had moved out west about fifteen years ago and had only returned to Iowa for two visits since then, one of which was to attend our mother’s funeral.
She was a partner in a nonprofit called DreamCatchers Equine Rescue, and it took all her time and attention. She was on their board of directors, but she did much more than that. She helped with desperate and often media-worthy rescues, drove tractors, baled hay, fed and watered horses daily, broke and trained all new arrivals, gave shots and helped to shoe horses and float teeth. In general, she was a real-life cowgirl. She was living the life we had always dreamed of during our growing-up years. We were both horse-crazy as kids.
The rescue had three houses, and she and her husband Jerry lived in one. Another small cottage near Sarah’s house was used for overnight volunteers on weekends or visitors to the ranch. On the other side of the compound lived the founders, Paul and Julie Demuesy and family in a large, rambling ranch house. The Double J Ranch was 850 acres of beautiful hay fields and pastureland, generously provided to the rescue as their home by a wealthy Colorado philanthropist.
“Torie, call me. You need to come out for a visit. We just had three rescues give birth. We got baby horses,” she crooned enticingly. She knew my weakness.
I called her, and while we were on the phone together, I went online and booked a ticket. I would leave at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow and be home Thursday night. Because I couldn’t afford to get stuck in a time warp and oversleep, I ended up packing my bag and driving into Des Moines where I got a room for the night near the airport. I gave Derek a call and told him I would be back before his visit on Friday.



Chapter 15


The Southwest Airlines jet touched down at the Colorado Springs airport at about 1:00 p.m. With no baggage other than my carry-on, I was able to breeze through the airport. I easily spotted Sarah and Jerry waiting just beyond security.
My beautiful thirty-eight-year-old sister Sarah was petite with long auburn hair like mine. She had it pulled up in a ponytail and a cowboy hat sat stylishly atop her head. She was in a blue cotton work shirt, which she wore tucked in, with brown leather cowboy boots under her boot-cut skinny jeans. She looked like she had just stepped off a horse, which she probably had right before she came to get me.
Jerry was in a white wife-beater, low-slung jeans, and cowboy boots. He had dark-blond hair with white-blond highlights which hung to his shoulders. I’m just gonna say it. I can’t help myself. Think of that Sawyer guy from the TV show Lost and you got Jerry, right down to the dark, scruffy shadow of his beard and killer dimples; a real obvious kinda sexy man. He was totally devoted to Sarah and had embraced the life that she had chosen to live wholeheartedly. He was her knight in shining armor.
“Hey,” I reached out to give them each a hug. “You guys look great.”
“You too, sis. Been too long.” Sarah put an arm around my shoulders as Jerry reached to take my duffle and we headed out.
Sarah had come to Colorado with her high school graduating class for a senior trip and fallen in love with the place. Actually, it was more than that. She told me when she got back to Iowa that she had experienced an almost religious awakening. She felt that being in Colorado she had returned to a long-lost home. She had never set foot there before, but she was homesick for the place from then on and was determined that she would live there. Within four years, she had made that dream come true. For myself, Fremont was my dream—it had just taken me a little longer to find and achieve it.
When we turned off the highway and went under the low and narrow throughway under the road, we crossed a couple train tracks. The official gate to the Double J, the name spelled in chunky wooden lettering, stretched across the gravel driveway before us, a driveway that was about a mile long. The hay fields in the distance on either side were lush and green. Long watering arms stretched out as far as the eye could see, adding moisture to the thirsty grasses. In the near fields along the drive was pastureland full of horses who came running upon recognizing the sound of Jerry’s truck. They turned and followed beside the truck on both sides of the driveway, separated from us by fencing; galloping and racing each other and us, as Jerry maneuvered through the gravel. It was like a television commercial or something—very cool.
First stop after we got me settled in in the little guesthouse was the long red pole barn. I got some baby horse time in. The mothers were docile and willing to share their babies with me. The foals were only days old and full of themselves already. They were all nibbling teeth and grasping lips. They were eager to try out their kicking skills and you could receive a pretty good hit if you didn’t keep an eye on their rear ends.
We led the mothers and their trailing babies to the inside arena and spent probably an hour just watching all the little ones romp and play with each other. It was comical. They would bounce across the arena showing off their skills to one another, but never straying far from their mommas.

***

That evening, the entire staff of the rescue joined us as we all had a barbecue with the Demuesy’s at their home after all the horses had been fed and the pigmy goats and two sheep they had recently acquired were brought into the barn for the night for protection from predators.
We sat on the deck drinking a few beers, talking and catching up. It was a cathartic experience to have such stillness, being miles from any city or road noise. As the sun went down, we could hear the call of the coyotes along the river as they prepared for a night of hunting. The river was about a mile beyond the property’s boundary.
Julie Demuesy and her husband Paul, who were some of the most focused and passionate people, were always warm and gracious hosts at their ranch. I guessed they must be in their late forties, early fifties. Julie had been born and raised in Iowa as well but moved out west with her first husband. She ditched him and kept Colorado, she liked to say now. She was petite, blonde, and beautiful with bright-blue eyes and perfect bone structure in her face.
Her beauty, along with her being an expert horsewoman and champion for the horses had caused her to be a regular go-to person for the Colorado media. Her passion for all things animal was infectious. She and Paul were always involved in high-profile seizure and rescue cases. She was sometimes asked to testify as an expert in animal abuse cases.
Her husband Paul, was tall, dark, and handsome. He was passionate about the horses but not nearly as passionate as he was about his wife Julie. They had several grown children between the two of them. Although I had been to the ranch two other times in the last year, Derek had never met my sister, or any of these people. I was always on my own for excursions to see family. In fact, I actually liked to keep it that way.

***

At 6:00 a.m. the next morning, after showering and drying my hair, I opened my soft duffle bag and pulled out my well-worn cowboy boots. After tucking my tank top in my jeans and pulling on a blue cotton shirt, I sat on the edge of my bed, pulled my boots on, and tucked them under my boot-cut jeans. I pulled my hair up in a ponytail and headed out of the guesthouse and across the scruffy weeds that separated Sarah’s house from mine.
Sarah was waiting on her deck with a carafe of fresh coffee. She poured me a cup and set it across from her at the table.
“Ah, thanks, Sis,” I said gratefully, adding some sweetener and cream. After taking my first sip, I added, “Always tastes better at the ranch for some reason.”
Sarah lifted a cowboy hat from the chair next to her, stood up, and plopped it onto my head. “Now you look like my Torie,” she said with a grin.
So we enjoyed the morning, sitting in our cowboy gear and listening to the quiet, having some sister one-on-one time.
“How is Derek doing?” she asked.
“He’s the same. I’m fairly happy with the arrangement. I am a bit concerned that my move to Fremont may end up being the end of it though. Derek is no Jerry. He won’t ever decide I am important enough to change his lifestyle for me. We are very different people,” I confessed.
“I don’t think you really would want him to change his lifestyle, Torie. He just doesn’t strike me as someone that would be there for the long haul, and I think you are content with that,” Sarah said. “But I haven’t met him or seen you two together, so I guess I don’t have room to have an opinion about it.”
“Mindy has, and she is of the same opinion,” I laughed, taking a sip of my coffee.
“Torie, I wish you could deal with your issues and find a real relationship with a man who is available to commit,” she stated hesitantly. “I don’t want to get you pissed at me, Sis, but I know you know exactly what I mean. You have a threshold of about two months in and you bail on any good relationship you have ever been in. You’ve done it your entire life. Just like I did before Jerry refused to let me get rid of him. I think it’s all about Dad and Mom splitting when you and I were so little. Not so much Margo, because she was thirteen when they split. But you and I—I don’t even remember what it was like to have a dad or any man in our lives. We were alone with just Mom, all those years. It got to where having no man in the house felt comfortable—normal to us.”
“I’ve been with Derek for over eleven months.”
“It isn’t a real relationship, Torie. I think if he ever actually committed to you, you would be heading for the hills so fast.”
“I would not, Sarah! I…I mean I have not! We are com—”
“For the last eleven months of your relationship you have been on the road promoting your book and living first in your own house in Des Moines and now in Fremont. Have you ever even discussed moving in together?” she asked.
“No—”
“Exactly,” she interrupted before I could finish my answer, “and now you’ve actually moved away from him but you keep it going. You don’t make any demands on him. He doesn’t make any demands on you. I’m not sure which of you are calling the shots.”
“There is no one calling the shots. It’s just an easy relationship, Sarah,” I shrugged.
“He’s a safe barrier. You have an excuse. You’re taken but actually, you’re alone, Torie. Like you have always been alone, honey. That’s it, end of my lecture.” She made a motion as if zipping her lips.
I would have argued, but Sarah and I had had this discussion often and I really had no defense. She was right, and we both knew it. Derek had been the most successful relationship of my adult life, but it wasn’t a real relationship. If it was full-on, at about two months in, I would absolutely have done something to sabotage it. I always did that. I panicked when commitment time arrived and before you knew it, I was alone again. And the stretches between each failed attempt had amounted to years of being alone.
Derek had been the perfect fit for me and a great buffer from other men, especially the last couple years with my success as it had proved to be more difficult to avoid interested men. I loved the freedom that Derek’s simple, no-demands relationship had given me. I was not available. I belonged to Derek. But I knew I didn’t belong to Derek and he definitely didn’t belong to me. Actually, he probably had the same issues as I did. In fact, I was pretty sure I was his longest relationship, as well. I didn’t even know him well enough to know that for certain, though. We were a crutch to each other—a crutch I didn’t know that I would ever be able to throw away.
“Just think about it. I want you to be happy, Torie. I don’t think that you will ever find it with Derek, is all,” Sarah said, then added the zipping her lip gesture again and we both laughed.
She cared about me and her words came from a loving place but she let the subject go after that. She had said her piece. After we finished our coffee, we headed out to feed the horses and get the rescue up and running for the day.
In the afternoon, we picked out a couple of Sarah’s horses and went for a long ride along the river, just Sarah and me. It reminded me of our childhood, spending every minute we could on our horses. From the time we were old enough to start begging, we were around horses. We even worked at a stable in West Des Moines as young kids and teens, saddling horses and running trail rides.
As we rode around the ranch and along the river which was so peaceful and conducive to conversation, I kept trying to think of some way to bring up the experiences I was having at the house in Fremont, but I couldn’t come up with anything that didn’t sound like I was totally going insane. I really wanted someone to talk with about it. Sarah would have been my first choice of a confidante, but I had doubts that even she would believe me. I decided to keep it to myself.
On Thursday evening, as the jet lowered over the city of Des Moines and I watched the familiar landmarks pass beneath, I felt excited to be heading back to Fremont. The time away had given me the little break I needed to regroup. I was ready now for the weekend and spending time with Derek. I was determined I was going to do some heavy evaluation of just what our relationship consisted of this weekend and take stock towards what the future may hold.



Chapter 16


Friday night arrived, and I started to become a little nervous as I waited for Derek to pull up in my drive. I was concerned about warping and what it could mean with him staying over—very concerned. The time warps had started up again immediately upon my return last night. I had spent an uneventful visit with Grandma Rose as another of her daughters—this time Emily. I was about five years old; my sister Ivy was three and our youngest sister Mahala, was a toddler. Grandma Rose was in the prime of her life, with tons of energy—just a joy to be around. It was wonderful! I didn’t get back until 11:00 a.m.
Instead of Derek arriving, I received a call at about 5:00 p.m. from him, informing me that he wouldn’t be coming. He claimed to have tried to rent a car for the trip because he would not drive the Porsche to my house out on a mile of gravel. So because he couldn’t find a rental, he was going to forgo the weekend. Just like that.
My normal response to news like this would be to let him off the hook and say it was okay and maybe next weekend. With Sarah’s recent comments running through my head, I decided, here and now, I was going to assert myself. I offered to come into Des Moines and stay with him, but he said that he had made a dinner appointment with a client who was in town for the weekend. I offered to go with him and help with the entertaining, and he said that he had booked reservations and it was too late to add another to the tab.
Finally, I had to come out and say something because it was getting a bit ridiculous.
“Why don’t we just face the fact that we are pretty much over, Der? It’s been…what…almost two months since we have seen each other? After all this time, I think maybe we need to face it.”
He was quiet for a minute, and then he sighed heavily. “Torie, we are just on different wavelengths. You don’t want the same things I do. You are content to live in Podunk, USA, and I want to live in the city. You want to live on gravel and watch the corn grow. That’s never going to be me, babe, and you know that.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this months ago?”
“You’ve seemed content with things the way they are, and actually, I was hoping you would move there, get your fill, and be back to Des Moines in no time. Torie, when we met in Chicago, you were this sexy, beautiful, successful world-renowned author. I didn’t realize that once the millions started rolling in, you would completely check out on life.”
“I don’t see it as checking out, Derek. Having the success allows me to make choices that please me.”
“Yes, but there are two people in this relationship, babe, and it isn’t working for me anymore. But I’ll always care for you, be there for you if you need me.”
I didn’t really believe that. I had no confidence that he would ever lift a finger to assist me in any way—especially if it involved him having to drive out on gravel!
“Okay, Derek. Listen, I gotta go. Good luck to you. I wish you the best, and I hope you find what you’re looking for.”
“You too, Torie. Take care, lady.”
Umm yeah, not quite up to the dramatic standard one might expect in the world of a romance author. What kind of masterpiece could a sorry breakup like that produce? Real life and real life breakups kinda blew chunks!
I hung up the phone and looked at the clock on my kitchen range; it was 5:30. I paced around the center island of my kitchen for a few minutes wondering about my lack of reaction to the dumping I had just received. No real anger. No tears—interesting. I actually felt a little relieved to have it finally finished. He was right though; we were on different wavelengths. Maybe we always had been.
I picked up my purse and my car keys and headed for the door. I decided what I needed was to get dinner, out of the house. Maybe I would even indulge in some pie or ice cream. Yeah, something to drown my sorrows or celebrate, as the case may be—I was still deciding about that.
I drove the mile to town and pulled into the Finish Line Diner. As I swung open the diner door, I decided to take a seat at the counter on one of the checkerboard stools. I grabbed the menu from between the napkin holder and the sugar canister.
“Hey, kiddo, what can I do ya for?” Char asked in her usual welcoming style.
“What’s good today, Char? Any suggestions?”
Char turned and called through the pass-through, “Tom, you got potatoes?”
Tom peered through, hawk-like, and nodded. “Just whipped up a new batch.”
Char turned back to me. “Open-faced roast beef sandwich. Special today and one of the best things we serve.”
“Sold!” I said dropping the menu back in its place between the condiments.
Char nodded, wrote the order, and attached it to the metal spinner for Tom.
“Drink?”
“I think I’ll have a diet.”
“So what’s new in your life, Torie?” she asked as she filled my glass with ice and started me a drink. She pulled a stool up on her side of the counter, placed my drink on a coaster, and took a seat opposite me.
“Oh, I don’t want to bore you with my life. I’m sure you’re busy,” I said looking around. The place was totally empty except for me.
“There’s a potluck at the Isaac Walton League tonight in Hedrick. I think you’re my rush hour, sugar.”
We both laughed then, and I said, “Well, since you asked, I just broke up with my boyfriend about a half hour ago.” I made a sour face and then cupped my chin in my hand resting my elbow on the counter. “Have any sage advice for the lovelorn?”
Char laughed out loud and slapped the counter with her hand. “You want advice from me? I’ve been married and divorced three times, girl! I’m the last person to give advice on love. It’s those damn truckers! They sweep me off my feet every time.” She sighed wistfully. “So this boyfriend, not Dave, right?”
I shook my head quickly. I was surprised she would even go there.
“Well, you two have been together every time I see you in here, and I know he was divorced a while back from Laura.”
“No…no, my boyfriend was Derek Bonner, and he only came to Fremont one time. We didn’t get out to see the town while he was here.”
“Well, you seem to be holding up. Good for you.”
“That concerns me a bit actually. I am. Not even one tear shed. I think I have become coldhearted, Char.” I smiled with a shrug, tucking my hair behind my ears.
“You? Oh, hell no, Torie, honey. The way you write your love stories, you have the soul of a romantic. You just haven’t met the right man yet, that’s all. You will.”
“You’ve read my books?” I was truly surprised by this revelation. I had no idea she even knew who I was.
Char looked underneath the counter, reached down, pulled out both Eternal Fire and Passion’s Fury and plopped them onto the black-checked Formica before me. Both were dog-eared, and the covers were warped permanently open from overuse.
“Eternal Fire was romantic because I liked the sailing aspect and the exotic locations, but I think you really hit your stride with the Old South and New Orleans flavor of Passion’s Fury—kept me up nights! You sure have the flair. Hey, will you sign them both for me? I know they’re beat up, but autographed is autographed.”
“You bet, Char.” She pulled her pen out of her apron pocket, and I signed the books for her, just as the bell dinged and Tom called out louder than necessary in the quiet diner, “Order up!”
Char shook her head and rolled her eyes at me, moving off her stool to retrieve my dinner. “Tom, I think I can hear you without all the theatrics. Lord!” she scolded him.
I just had to smile. Good choice spending time with Char tonight. By the time I finished dinner and a piece of apple pie à la mode to celebrate my independence, I was ready to tool on home in high spirits.



Chapter 17


My best friend Mindy arrived for an overnight visit five days after my break up with Derek to cheer me up and help me through. At least that was the story she gave her husband, Mike. I felt kind of guilty even agreeing to her request for a visit. I had no idea what would happen. What if she came for a visit and was sucked into my time-warp continuum? I said I felt kind of guilty, but I actually felt really freakin’ guilty because I had also decided to use Mindy as an unwitting guinea pig. I wanted to see what happened to others who spent the night in Rose’s house. Yes, I am a horrible, evil person!
I was a little concerned also. What if I was in an extended time warp and she tried to wake me? What if I didn’t wake up? I had tested myself with my alarm clock. I had set it for 6:00 a.m., and when I woke up at 11:00 a.m., it was blaring and I had not heard a thing. This was so not me!
I had been an early riser my entire life. I remembered being five years old and sitting on my front porch waiting for the neighborhood to wake up at just after dawn. I remembered many times sitting in the hallway between the bedrooms in my mom’s house at 5:00 a.m. playing with my Cabbage Patch dolls until my family woke up. As an adult, I always awoke to an alarm, especially one that was blasting hard rock at a volume that could wake the dead—ha, ha!
“It’s great to see you. You look fabulous.” She hugged me as I took her bag and ushered her into the house. “Oh my God, Torie, this is amazing! I knew you had been working on adding vintage touches, but this is absolutely gorgeous! It looks like a museum.”
I looked about the front foyer and the thought that it did look like a museum crossed my mind for the first time.
“You know, it really does, doesn’t it?”
“You know, if you ever decide to move back to Des Moines, you could keep this as a bed-and-breakfast. People would pay a lot of money to have the experience of the Victorian age.”
“I don’t know about all that. A bed-and-breakfast usually involves other sites in the area. Did you happen to look around when you drove into town? Not many attractions,” I said with a laugh. Mindy was always thinking of possibilities.
I had known Amanda, a.k.a. Mindy Reynolds White, since I was four years old. We lived three houses away from each other all of our growing-up years. I had more memories of Mindy than any other person in my life. Mindy was one of those kids who skipped a grade in school, so although we were the same age, she was always a grade ahead of me all through school. We were inseparable, though.
I could still recall getting wedged into the old brick barbecue in her parents’ backyard when we were five years old. We had always been able to crawl in the bottom and come up the flue. Then suddenly, when we turned five, we had grown too big. As we listened to the sirens of the fire truck on the way to rescue us, Mindy and I just kept looking into each other’s eyes, talking and holding hands to keep from getting too scared.
Mindy’s mother, however, was nearly in hysterics as she looked down the flue to where we sat—stuck. The firemen had us un-wedged in about five minutes’ time. Mindy’s mom could still get worked up over it if we ever talked about it, even after all these years.
Mindy had been the first person I had told when I got my first period. We both got our first real kiss from a boy nicknamed Scooter, when we were ten years old. It was on a snowy winter day and occurred behind the warming house at an outdoor ice skating rink in a park near our homes. We lost our virginity to boyfriends who also happened to be best friends. We went to horse camp together from age six to sixteen. We spent the summer of 1992 on a student exchange program traveling Europe together. We started smoking cigarettes together at thirteen and tried pot together at fifteen; neither became habits.
We became devoted groupies to a Midwest rock cover band called Pressed Worm and spent most weekends of our twentieth year sneaking into clubs with fake IDs to follow them around the local club circuit. We got our first apartment together just out of high school and shared a dorm room during three years of our college days. I was her maid of honor at her wedding, and she would be mine, if the day ever arrived.
Her firstborn son and I shared the same androgynous middle name, Lee, just as my firstborn would share her middle name Lynn, again, if that day ever arrived. Oh, and in my current novel I had been working on sporadically and forever—the main character was Amanda White.
Lastly and most profound, Mindy was the one who had helped me to select a coffin and headstone for my beautiful mother Grace, whom our family lost six years ago in January to congestive heart failure.
As for her looks, Mindy had always looked just like Dyan Cannon and not just to me. Everyone always commented on the similarities. She had long, pale-blonde hair during our teenage years that she would flat iron until it hung perfectly straight to her butt, which was the very popular bootylicious type derriere that men couldn’t help but ogle.
She was confident, classy, and always very aware of her sexuality and its effect on men. She was the perfect wingman, for lack of a better term. We were both able to attract the men, but her vivacious personality always kept them buzzing around.
Even now that she was a soccer mom, complete with minivan and a roomful of boys’ athletic equipment in her house, she was still as bubbly as ever. She was the team mom for most of the activities her boys were involved in. She ran concession stands and was always in charge of banquets at the end of each sport season—a real force of nature. And although the hair was wavy and shoulder-length these days and beauty salon highlights had taken the place of nature, she was still the same person I had loved for thirty-plus years.
“Come on; let’s pick you a bedroom. I have refurbished all of them. You have your choice of my great-grandma Alice’s, the boys’ room, Mahala’s room…” I said enticingly, as we headed upstairs.
“How do you know which room was whose?” Mindy wondered aloud as she followed along, admiring the family portraits that lined the wall.
“Oh, I just had to guess,” I lied.

***

After we got Mindy settled, we decided to go out and take a tour of town. I showed her where the old school had been and downtown Fremont, and we made a drive through the cemetery, talking all the way, laughing and catching up on each other.
We decided to have dinner at the Finish Line and had just gotten seated at a booth near the front windows. Char, who had become my very favorite waitress, placed a couple menus before us and after filling our water glasses snapped her gum with expert flair and said she would be back in a few minutes.
“What looks good to you?” I asked Mindy. “I think I’ll have the cheeseburger and fries.”
“That looks good to me.”
I looked up to see what she was referring to, and she didn’t even have her eyes on the menu. “Torie, look at him.” She was gazing out the windows toward the parking lot.
David Cameron was just climbing out of his black F-150. He was dressed in a white tee and blue jeans that hung at his hips just perfectly, showing off his tall, sinewy, six-foot plus frame. He raked a hand through his hair, which was doing that sexy, spilling over his forehead thing it always did, as he approached the diner.
I had to laugh at Mindy’s expression. Jaw-dropping would most accurately describe it. Yeah, probably what I had looked like when I first saw him a few months back.
“That’s my home renovator, Dave Cameron. I told you about him, didn’t I?”
“You failed to mention he was drop-dead gorgeous! Oh my God, Torie, is he single?”
“Yes, he…”
“Who does he look like? Someone famous…” she interrupted. She literally was lifted off the seat and craning her neck, leaning toward the window to watch Dave as he headed for the door.
I was on the side of the booth facing the door, and he noticed me right away and walked over.
“Hey, lady, I haven’t seen you for a while. You been keepin’ busy, huh?” he asked in the usual, easygoing way he had about him.
“I just got back from visiting my sister in Colorado. I meant to call you soon,” I said feeling a little guilty. There was no reason I hadn’t. The breakup with Derek had really been more of a finalization of something that had been a long time coming. No, I hadn’t called Dave because, sadly, I spent most of my time living in and thinking about my stupid time warp these days.
I had used the time between my return from Colorado to today adding all the detail and stories to my family tree program from the notes I had taken while with Bill the barber, as well as adding the schoolhouse photos to Grandpa Arlan’s bio page.
Mindy cleared her throat suggestively, looking for an intro.
“Oh, sorry, Dave, this is my best friend Mindy from Des Moines. I’ve told you about her before, I think.”
Mindy smiled warmly at Dave in her flirty way. She couldn’t help herself; like I said before, she oozes sexiness.
“Sure, good to meet you,” he said reaching to shake her hand before his eyes came back to me. “Well, I don’t want to interrupt your reunion, ladies.”
“You aren’t interrupting. Would you like to join us?” I offered and sincerely would have loved it if he would.
“Thanks, but I have a carryout bag with my name on it waiting at the pickup window. Really great to see you, Torie, maybe next time,” he said politely.
“Okay,” I let him off the hook, “Hey, have a good evening.”
“You, too—it was nice to meet you, Mindy.” He nodded to us both and then sauntered over to the cook counter, and Char was off and running in a conversation with him while Tom the cook came from his kitchen to have a few words with him, as well.
“Torie,” Mindy said under her breath, “I can’t believe he’s real. He’s so freakin’ hot!”
I had to laugh at her over-the-top reaction. “I know.”
“That’s the guy who has been working on your house? The one you took the trips to Omaha with? The same guy who helped you with the injured deer?”
“Yep, the same.”
“Why the hell aren’t you dating him?”
“Well…when I moved here, I was with Derek. Then I’ve had book tours. We’re past that window. We’re friends now.”
“No.” She shook her head and stated quietly but firmly, “No way. Did you see the way he watched your every move? He’s into you.” She crossed her arms over her chest, clearly disgusted with me for missing what she saw as an opportunity.
Dave walked past and gave me a nod as he left the diner, and Mindy paused to watch him walk to his truck.
“Holy hell!” she breathed. “Just as good walking away. Torie, you can’t tell me you don’t think he’s…”
“Yes, I think he’s amazing. He’s a great guy…”
“But what?”
“But nothing. We did have a moment back in June,” I confessed, “but I was with Derek…”
“Which is no longer an issue,” she finished my sentence. “Tell me about the moment. What happened?”
“It was just a kiss…a few kisses.”
“And…”
“That’s it. We both apologized to each other. I left and went home and called Derek.” I shrugged.
“Oh, gag me,” she sneered. She had never agreed on my choice of Derek. “Man, I wish I could think of who Dave reminds me of—a young George Clooney, during Facts of Life? Or maybe a young Sam Shepard?—Oh—oh, I got it, Dermot Mulroney?” she questioned.
“Those three look nothing like each other and nothing like Dave,” I laughed.
“Okay, you’re the expert at deciding what celebrity people look like.”
It was a quirk of mine to think of people in terms of which famous person they looked most like. In my younger days, during college, you could give me a few beers, and I would soon be swearing that every person in the bar looked just like someone famous.
I pondered it, but I came up with nothing, “I have no idea. He just looks like Dave Cameron.”
“Well, it’s someone.” She frowned thoughtfully and then let the subject go as Char flipped open her tablet and approached the table, clicking her ball point pen.
“Ready, ladies?” she asked. “What can I get you?”

***

After dinner, we stopped at the Casey’s General Store and bought a six-pack of light beer and a bag of pre-popped popcorn and came back to the house to watch a couple chick flicks. While Mindy picked out which movies we would watch, I went to open us a beer and put the rest in the fridge.
I turned around from closing the refrigerator door and jumped with a curse. Mindy was standing behind me, literally right behind me, with a mischievous grin on her face.
“Shit! You scared me to death!” I scolded.
“Look!” she demanded, holding up a copy of my novel Passion’s Fury. “That’s Dave Cameron! That’s why he looks famous to me.”
“What are you talking about? That’s Jimmy Thomas and he’s a professional cover model. I paid good money for my rights to that photograph.”
“You can’t tell me that you don’t see it. They could be brothers. He’s identical! Okay, he isn’t quite as muscular and he doesn’t have the brown eyes, but look at his hair, his jawline, the dimples, the lips, even the eyebrows for God’s sake!”
I pursed my lips, pondering, and took the book from her hand. “You know what? You’re right,” I said, studying the image as we took our beers and the bag of popcorn out to the living room. “I wonder why I didn’t see that before.”
“Thank goodness, now I can forget about it. That has been driving me nuts since dinner!” Mindy dropped onto the sofa and picked up the remote control. “Ready for a little Scarlet and Rhett?” she grinned, shrugging her eyebrows suggestively.
While the movie queued up to the main menu, I continued to look at the book cover and my prized Jimmy Thomas photo portraying my novel’s romantic hero Beau Gardner. So odd that in all these months I had failed to notice the resemblance.
Other than the revelation about Dave Cameron, Mindy’s visit proved to be uneventful. She didn’t have any weird dreams. I quizzed her relentlessly the next morning about that, and it was the one night in Rose’s house that I did not warp—the one and only night in all the weeks I had lived there. Maybe the key was having other people in the house.



Chapter 18


“Rose, we gotta hurry! Hurry!”
I looked over to see a very young Grandaunt Lucy laughing. She was probably about ten years old. We were both running along a wooden walkway. I assumed we were in downtown Fremont. I knew that I must be Cousin Rose Wyman, daughter of John Wyman, namesake of Grandma Rose and one of Lucy’s closest playmates and cousins. They were both born in the same year. Lucy and I were carrying an old butter pot by the metal handle. It was covered by a linen cloth. In my other hand was a basket of brown eggs swaying precariously until I realized it was about to tip and righted it.
Heading for a general store from the other direction on the walkway were two other girls also carrying a churned pot of butter. We seemed to be in some kind of race or sprint because the other girls stepped up their efforts, and I matched Lucy’s pace.
We made it to the door, and Lucy pulled it open as we dashed in before the others. I let Lucy take the lead as she hurried to the glass-topped counter and we set the butter bucket on the floor and I put the basket of eggs on the counter.
I realized right away when I saw the large sign that hung over the counter that read Baitsell’s General Store that we were not in Fremont but a township just east of there. The Baitsell’s General Store was in Wright.
The other two girls arrived behind us and were not very happy with their position. I remembered my aunt Delores, who was ninety-three years old, telling me something about an occurrence like this. I had it written down in my family history somewhere. It was a story that had been passed down to her. I couldn’t recall the details at the moment and would need to look it up when the time warp ended.
“Girls, I will give you twelve cents a pound for the butter, two cents per egg. Looks like you got fourteen eggs here,” he said as he transferred them to another basket and handed ours back to me. “What do you say? Do we have a deal?” Mr. Baitsell was writing up a ticket.
“Deal, Mr. Baitsell,” Lucy nodded and excitedly grabbed my hand. I absolutely loved Lucy. She was so much fun to spend time with. She held my hand tightly in hers while Mr. Baitsell came around the counter and took the bucket to the scale.
“Seven pounds,” he announced and then took an empty bucket from a stack, brought it over and handed it to me. “I will pay the same twelve cents to the first batch again next week. Anna and Betsy, I am afraid you will get ten cents per pound and one cent per egg. Of course, you could see if the Fremont General Store will pay more.”
“We’ll take the ten cents, Mr. Baitsell,” one of the girls said sullenly.
I noticed at that moment the young teenage boy trying not to show his amusement at the situation. It was Johnnie Baitsell. I recognized him.
Even odder, I knew all about Johnnie Baitsell. He was not family, but he was buried in the Cedar Township cemetery in Fremont. He died at fifteen years old sometime after 1900 of consumption in Texas, where his mother had taken him for the warmer climate. I had his obituary which described how he had died in his mothers’ arms—very sad. I even had a photograph of him that someone had added to the Findagrave memorial for him. The photograph of him had been purchased by a man in California. He had been browsing a flea market and a booth selling old tintypes. It had caught his eye because it had writing on the back which read “Johnnie Baitsell, Mahaska County”. He had just happened upon the memorial for him and added it.
His father motioned to him now, and Johnnie jumped down off the stool he was perched on and came around the counter to collect the other bucket of butter and eggs from the girls. He counted the eggs and announced, “Eight.” And then he set the bucket on the scale. “Six pounds.”
He brought an empty bucket to the girls and then went off to put the eggs and butter in the backroom.
I was trying to determine the year. I couldn’t remember when Johnnie died, but it was definitely after 1900.
I strolled over to the newspaper that Mr. Baitsell had on his counter and looked upside down at the date, 1903. I would need to go home and figure it out once I got out of the warp.
For now, I held the bucket while Lucy accepted the money for our barter, and we walked out of the store. I smiled kindly at the other girls. I felt kinda bad for them.
When we came out of the store, I saw that Great-Grandfather Henry Mills was waiting in a small buggy with a two-horse team. We climbed up into the buggy, and it was a nice little drive back to Fremont. Grandpa Henry was very proud of us for getting the best price for our produce, and he said Alice would be proud also. I know it sounds silly, but his nurturing appreciation for Lucy and me swelled my self-esteem during that warp. I think it was actually Cousin Rose’s emotions I was feeling as her uncle praised her. Grandpa Henry was always full of praise for all the children in his life.



Chapter 19


I lifted the remote control, pointed it at the television, and clicked it off. As my hand fell back wearily into my lap, I glanced at the clock on the mantel of the fireplace: 3:00 p.m. I needed to get my butt off the couch and into Oskaloosa. I looked at the stack of DVDs assembled on my coffee table and thought if it weren’t a serious attempt on my part to find some answers, it would be almost funny.
I had spent the entire day on the couch watching the first Harry Potter movie, The Chronicles of Narnia, The Butterfly Effect, Ghost (starring Patrick Swayze), and an entire season of The Ghost Whisperer. This was what I had resorted to as I tried to understand why I was being haunted every night in my dreams and tried to figure out what to do about it.
Actually, it was better than anything else I had found surfing the Internet. Maybe it was all about spirits trying to get me to help them, which I was willing to do, but nobody was telling me what he or she wanted. But then again, maybe it was spirits trying to get me the hell out of Fremont, never to return. Well, alrighty then, Torie, on to phase two of your all-day crazy-a-thon! What a perfect way to while away a late July afternoon.
So—it seemed to me that time stood still or moved too fast when I would wake up from my time warps. I would wake up absolutely dying of thirst, and more than once, I woke up to find I needed the bathroom pretty urgently. I even awoke once and found I had gotten my period, totally staining my bed sheet.
I felt that it might help me to be able to see what was going on with me while I slept, to see if there were any signs or changes in me during those warps. So with my heavy hair up in a clip to keep it off my back and dressed in a bright, multi-colored spaghetti-strap top and low-riding hot-pink short shorts, I picked up all my Redbox returns, threw on my flip-flops, and headed out to make a run to the Walmart in Oskaloosa to buy a camcorder with at least a ten-hour memory capacity and a tripod.


I was making my way to the checkout line, following after a salesclerk who had to walk the items up to the front for me, and had just gotten in line when I felt a touch on my shoulder.
“Hey, Boss,” Dave said with a warm smile.
I nearly dropped my purse and had to grab for it. Then I laughed self-consciously and reached out to give him a hug.
“Mr. Cameron, where have you been keeping yourself?”
“I got a remodel over in Ottumwa. I haven’t seen you since that night at the diner,” he said, and I watched as his eyes took in my attire briefly and, it seemed, approvingly. “I keep meaning to ask you but never seem to remember; how’s the closet working out that I made for you?” he asked, with amusement.
“I know you thought I was crazy for that, but it was going to be for a wall safe and then it became an experiment of sorts.”
“I’m intrigued. What kind of experiment?” he asked with more interest.
“Oh, nothing. Maybe another time we can talk about it. We should get together soon,” I suggested.
I really had missed seeing him the last couple of weeks. With the exception of an annual checkup and dental exam in Des Moines, I hadn’t been much of anywhere or seen anyone since Mindy’s visit, oh—except for the UPS man bringing me items I bid for and won on eBay, as I gathered the makings of my macabre world inside Rose’s house. I would see a piece of furniture, a book, a utensil during my warps and then research it, locating many items online for purchase.
“Hey, the state fair is coming up in August. What do you say? Could I interest you in a night at the fair? Or a daytime trip if you prefer.”
I swiped my credit card through the machine and signed for my purchase as I answered, “Perfect. I love the fair. How about the first weekend? Saturday—late afternoon and through the evening?”
The cashier thanked me as I took up my bags of camcorder and accessories.
“It’s a date. I’ll pick you up Saturday afternoon. How about two? Is that okay?”
I nodded my agreement. I waited while he paid for his box of nails and pack of gum and then walked with him out of the store and to the parking lot.
“Why don’t you give me a call before then so we can confirm. You have my number?”
“Of course, you’re on speed dial,” he said and held up his cell phone as if to prove it.
I had forgotten just how handsome he was. He had an attractive dark shadow of late-day stubble on his lean face. So damn handsome!
“All right, I’ll see you two Saturdays from now, I guess,” I confirmed. If I wasn’t so obsessed with my house and the odd things going on, I would have asked him over for dinner. But I couldn’t risk having him see or needing to explain the things happening in my world. Damn, I think I need therapy! Big-time!

***

Dave Cameron stood in the parking lot of Walmart watching the woman of his dreams drive off into the sunset; he raised his hand as she glanced back at him and waved and then he turned for his truck. Smooth move, Romeo; make a date two freakin’ weeks from now. Just stellar! Good work, Cameron!
He knew that she was single now. Char had provided him with that information a few days back. He let himself off the hook regarding the date, though. The window for romance with Torie Mills had closed, and it would never be more than friendship. Even if the date to the fair came to pass, it would be nothing more than platonic.



Chapter 20


When I got home, I tried to be very scientific about my plan. I placed a calendar on the wall with the date circled, put the camera on the tripod facing the bed, and adjusted the angle until the entire queen-sized bed, the calendar, and the digital clock on my nightstand were all visible. I added a small covered nightlight just to be sure there would be enough light for the camera to work but not enough light to keep me awake.
Generally, I had been going to bed around ten or eleven. Assuming that I awoke the next morning at or around eight or nine, I should have more than enough memory space. I was curious to see what I did during these episodes, if anything. Or to confirm I simply lay there sleeping. I would conduct my experiment tonight.

***

It was always very confusing when I would arrive in a time warp. The first few minutes were simply a matter of trying to figure out who I was, where I was, and who was with me and then trying to wing it as I joined whatever experience I was in the middle of. I had gotten pretty good at just accepting that I was whoever I inhabited and becoming that woman or girl. This time began as a challenge because I was in a huge crowd of people filling a room and all looking in my direction.
Never knowing who I was until I could figure it out by the clues around me or find a mirror, I always had to do a bit of detective work, and this time was no different. Except that I seemed to be the center of attention. I took a deep breath and calmed myself internally with the thought, Take it a moment at a time, and do not get flustered.
Okay, I was standing in a reception line and my hand was tucked in the crook of…I looked up and saw it was Wyatt Mills’s arm. My granduncle Wyatt, brother of my grandpa Arlan. Okay, this is a little odd, but maybe I am Great-Grandma Alice. It would not be unheard of for a son to be offering his arm to his mother. I glanced down at the white lace of my lavish blouse and skirt I wore which was all hand-beaded with sparkling glass crystals woven around the wrists. I had seen the outfit before in a photograph. I was my grandaunt Jennie Andersen Mills, and this must surely be her and Wyatt’s wedding day.
“Jennie, I wish you nothing but happiness.” I became aware of the hum of conversation in the room and then looked to the young woman with dark hair pulled into a lovely bun on the top of her head. It was my frequent and most special warp buddy, Lucy, Wyatt’s sister.
“Lucy, thank you so much,” I said, taking her hand in my own. “We are sisters now, you and I.”
“Yes, what fun we shall have together.”
I glanced up at Wyatt by my side. Oh dear God, he is a good-looking man. To me, he resembled a young Christian Slater. That would be the closest comparison I could come up with.
Wyatt was dressed very dapper in a dark-gray suit, with a stiff white collar and a white bow tie. His hair was combed back and was glossy smooth and chocolaty-dark brown. He had piercing dark eyes, pronounced cheekbones, and a firm jawline. I had a couple of wonderful photographs of him in my genealogy file, looking about this age. Just gorgeous! Sadly, Wyatt would die at thirty-four of influenza, about fifteen years from now. He and Jennie never had any children, and Jennie went on to marry again.
Wyatt and Jennie were born one year apart and shared the same birth date, and they were married on that day as well. With this knowledge, I knew that it was June 9, 1912. I looked around the living room of my great-grandfather Henry Mills’s home and at all the relatives and townsfolk of Fremont gathered for this event. There was so much warmth and laughter all around. The people really enjoyed these occasions back then. It was a harder time of living, and events like weddings were very special. It was curious that this reception was being held at the groom’s family home, but Great-Grandpa Henry, having one of the most sprawling of homesteads and being one of the wealthiest men, probably felt he could afford it more than most. He was only about five years from his retirement and the move to the ‘in town’ house.
The line of well-wishers came to an end, and Wyatt patted my hand and lifted it to his lips for a kiss. “I love you, Jennie.”
“I love you, Wyatt,” I replied. I looked up into his eyes, and he bent to place a gentle kiss upon my lips. Of those close by in the room, some of the young men guffawed and whistled with an obvious stray dirty thought or two about the wedding night ahead, while the women sighed longingly at the romantic gesture.
“We best make our way outside to dinner,” Grandpa Henry suggested. “Wyatt and Jennie, please lead the way.”
I was not sure of what was outside the house or where the dinner was set out, so I took Wyatt’s arm again and allowed him to lead me out the front door to the rows of picnic tables decked out in the front yard with wonderful settings on brightly colored tablecloths. The scene was canopied by towering burr oak trees. A fire was crackling across the yard from the tables, and a pig roasted upon a spit over the flames. Great-Grandma Alice Wyman Mills and daughters were assembled ready to attend to all, as were Jennie’s mother and sisters.
Wyatt led me to the head table where we were seated and served, making small talk with each other as we waited for the others to join us at their tables.
Our water glasses were filled by a young girl, and I looked up to her as she poured. It was Hannah Andersen, Jennie’s little sister. I did the calculation in my head and realized that she would be dead three years from this time, at just sixteen years old, of appendicitis. As she paused at my place, I turned in my seat and impulsively reached up to pull her into a warm embrace.
“I love you, Hannah,” I whispered, touching her flaxen hair, which was loose and flowing down her back. She placed the pitcher on the table and hugged me to her, as well.
“I love you, Jennie. I’ll miss you tonight. The room will seem so empty without you.”
I knew that Jennie and Hannah were the only Andersen girls left unmarried. So they must have shared a bedroom. What I knew of Hannah had always been from the newspaper articles regarding her excruciatingly painful death. She was loved by everyone in Fremont and greatly mourned by her classmates at Fremont High School.
I had a single photograph of her, a lock of her blonde hair, a bit of ivory lace from her casket shroud, and pressed flowers from her funeral in my possession, which I had received from a distant relative of the Andersen’s a few years ago. Now I had the young teenaged girl in my arms, and it was a beautiful moment. I hugged her tight once more and placed a kiss upon her cheek.
“Hannah, I’ll see you often, I promise,” I said without any idea if I could keep the promise. In truth, I didn’t even know where Jennie’s family lived. I did know that Wyatt and Jennie bought a farm from my great-grandpa Henry and the house was situated just across the road from Henry’s farm. I could see it now as I gazed across there. I also knew that Wyatt and Jennie moved right in after their wedding, so I would be seeing the inside of that home this night if the time warp lasted long enough.
After dinner, the yard was growing dark, and several lanterns were lit as the people continued their merrymaking until well after dark. Wyatt was very attentive to me. He was so romantic and kept whispering sweet words in my ear about the night to come. He actually made me blush with some of the things he whispered that he intended to do to me. Oh, I really need to warp out of here!
As the hours ticked by and we meandered around the yard sharing conversations with family and friends, I began to get a little panicked. This warp was lasting awfully long. I kept hoping to wake up, but as the fires died down, the crowd took up lanterns and then a procession formed. As Wyatt escorted me down the drive and toward the house on the other side of the road, I realized that I was about to spend Jennie’s wedding night with Wyatt Mills and it didn’t seem as though I was going to warp out of here! Oh crap!
I tried to keep my cool as the gathering of people sang an old song I had heard before; in fact, I thought I remembered it from an old movie. “I Love You Truly” was the tune. As the crowd serenaded us, we stood on the front porch of our new home and waited for the song to come to an end. Then the crowd just stood there and stood there, until Wyatt figured out what the holdup was. He opened the door and gallantly lifted me into his arms and carried me over the threshold to the cheers of family and friends.
The applause died down, and Wyatt set me on my feet inside the front room, and we watched as the throng dispersed across the road to continue their partying. Wyatt turned to me with a chuckle as he closed the door and leaned back against it, observing me with a smoldering look that was as easy to read a hundred years ago, as it was today.
Oh good lord, what was I going to do? I couldn’t very well say I had a headache or some such foolishness. This was important! This could make or break their marriage. I really had no idea of the far-reaching effects of these time warps. I didn’t have a manual of do’s and don’ts! Oh I would give anything for a manual right now!
Wyatt approached me and slipped his arms around my waist, and then his mouth engulfed mine in a kiss that took my breath away. His tongue invaded my mouth, and he pulled me closer, his hands moving over my backside, squeezing my rear as he ground his hardened bulge against me. With no knowledge of what they had experienced together up to this time, I didn’t know what my reaction or level of experience should be. Had we already consummated the relationship before? Was I a virgin? I knew that I was about to give the performance of my lifetime as Wyatt lifted me into his arms and carried me through the house to the bedroom. It was lighted by a few candles, and the bed had been turned down invitingly with the window covers drawn down tight.
“I would like to thank the Academy for this award…”



Chapter 21


I came awake with an urgent need to dash to the bathroom and had barely gotten seated when I peed like there was no tomorrow. I was thirsty and hungry. Even without looking at a clock, I knew that I had been gone probably at least ten hours.
Before I had even finished relieving myself, my thoughts went back over the night’s sleep or lack of it. It all came rushing back to me, and I had butterflies thinking about the steamy lovemaking I had been witness to and participated in. I covered my face with my hands. “What the hell is going on?” I asked aloud.
As I washed my hands, I looked in the vanity mirror before me. I looked well rested. I felt well rested. I smoothed the auburn bedhead hairdo I had going on and felt a need to brush my teeth. After I finished, it dawned on me—the camcorder!
I ran to the bedroom and saw the camcorder had turned off. Okay, so it was ten hours, at least. I glanced at the digital clock at my bedside, 11:30 a.m. I had slept for twelve-plus hours! No way! I went to my computer and switched it on. I checked the date and time in the lower right of the screen. That added up. At least I hadn’t lost any days.
I took the camera off the tripod and went downstairs. I used the adapter to link the camcorder to my television, pressed play, and clicked on the flat screen. As this was going to be ten hours of me sleeping, I decided I could afford to let it run unobserved as I went to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee and pop a bagel into the toaster oven.
With a nice warm cup of coffee and bagel in hand, I headed back to the living room and placed my breakfast on the coffee table. I sat back on the sofa sipping at my coffee. My thoughts went to the warp. As I watched me sleep on the screen before me, my mind wandered back to the night I had just shared as Jennie Andersen Mills with her new husband Wyatt.
I felt myself start to perspire as glimpses of that wedding night ran through my mind. I had never been worshipped like Wyatt worshipped Jennie as he made love to her for the first time in her life. It was 1912. It was before Cinemax or Dr. Ruth or porn. The total adoration was something I had never experienced in my life.
Wyatt had undressed me slowly, unhurried and relishing every moment. First letting my hair down as he untwined my long blonde bun and placed the hair pins on a nearby dresser. As he carefully worked open each tiny pearl button that ran from the neck to the waist of my gown, he glanced up to my eyes often with his warm brown gaze. He gently moved the fabric off my shoulder, kissed the curve of my neck, and licked lightly with his tongue while sliding my arms out of the sleeves. He pulled the blouse from the waistband and slipped it from me. My lacey chemise and bra were untied and removed next, and he looked down as he touched me gently.
“Beautiful,” he whispered before he slipped his arms around my waist and unfastened the skirt; it dropped to the floor.
I found myself desiring this handsome man, as I gazed up into his eyes. The feelings he was stirring in me were not my own. Actually, I knew it was Jennie’s love for him being transmitted through me, which was affecting me. I reached up and pulled on his tie until it loosened. I unbuttoned his collar and gently kissed his neck, and he released his breath and lifted his head to give me more access. I couldn’t help but oblige and kissed and licked his jawline. I unbuttoned his shirt, stripped off his suit coat, and then wrestled a bit with the cufflinks.
Wyatt lifted me in his arms and laid me across the bed. He rested my head upon a soft feather down pillow and I watched as he quickly removed his shirt and slipped out of his trousers and drawers. I couldn’t help but admire his body which was lean and muscular from farm work as he slowly crawled onto the bed.


I returned abruptly from my remembering. “Oh shit! Oh shit!” I said aloud, setting my coffee cup down soundly and jumping up from the sofa. Pacing back and forth before the television, I glanced at myself slumbering peacefully on the screen before me. “What the hell! What the F-ing hell is going on?”



Chapter 22


“Hey, Torie.”
Just hearing Dave’s voice over the phone made me feel a little saner. After the night I had just experienced, I decided that I had to get some normal time with someone, and the most normal person I knew in Fremont was Dave Cameron.
“Hey, I’ve been thinking about you since I saw you yesterday at the store, and I thought to myself, What the heck? So I’m calling to see if you are free tonight, and if so, would you like to get together?” I cringed, covering my eyes with my hand, as I waited for him to shoot me down or accept. “I was thinking maybe dinner at the diner or a few games of pool at Stevie C’s.”
“I got a better idea. How about you come to my house, and I’ll fix you dinner.”
“No. Really? Are you sure? I don’t want to put you out.”
“Are you kidding? I would love to fix you a steak dinner. Besides, you’ve never met my dog or seen my house,” he said this with a teasing voice, as if slightly offended about that.
“You know, I don’t even know where you live for sure,” I admitted.
“North of the cemetery about two-thirds of a mile. How about seven?” he asked. He really did sound stoked about the idea.
“I’ll be there. Should I bring anything?” I offered.
“Just yourself. I got it handled.”
“Okay, I’ll see you tonight.”
“Looking forward to it. I’m so glad you called, Torie.”
“Me too. Bye,”
As I hung up the phone, I felt so relieved that I had a reason to get out of the house. I decided to get cleaned up and go into Des Moines. I made an appointment at Roslin’s for the works. After my appointment, feeling rejuvenated, I headed out to do some shopping for a new outfit—a much better plan than sitting in my house and wallowing in the majorly disturbing memories of last night and all the nights that were starting to add up to a whole lot of crazy.

***

I arrived for our dinner promptly at seven. I had on a new pair of blue jean capri pants, strappy sandals, and a burnt-orange blouse that didn’t clash with my auburn hair. It was sleeveless and sat just at my waist with a neckline that was attractive but not slutty. I was also wearing a new set of midnight-blue lace bra and panties that were very sheer and revealing, though, of course, I didn’t anticipate this being a night when that should be of any concern. Nice lingerie just made me feel good, feminine, even if no one but me would ever see it. I ran my hand through my hair to arrange my freshly trimmed bangs, checked my makeup, and then took up my purse.
I was a little nervous about this dinner, although it really shouldn’t have been a big deal because I knew Dave so well. It took me a moment of calming my nerves before I even started to consider the masterpiece of workmanship the house I was approaching was. Dave Cameron had made this a showplace. The work he had done on my house had been exquisite, but this—it was obvious that he had lovingly restored every detail, even the flower beds, the stone walkway, the ornate Victorian porches, and the picket fencing. The house was painted tri-color—two shades of green with plum accents. I walked under a vine-covered arbor to enter the yard. It was like walking into the past.
I rang the bell and heard a dog bark somewhere inside the house, and then the barking came closer as the door opened. Dave stood there in a nice chocolate-brown button-down shirt, with the sleeves rolled up about mid-forearm and blue jeans. He had a beautiful smile on his clean-shaven face; his straight, dark hair was falling over his forehead just perfectly. The dog sat quietly a few feet back—very well mannered.
“Hi,” Dave said simply and swept his arm, ushering me into the front foyer. It was open and airy, with a fancy staircase that drew the eye up to the second floor, which had an ornate railing setting the entry off exquisitely. All the wood spindles were beautifully carved with complex scrolls. Framed photographs of ancestors were lovingly displayed along the staircase up toward the second story, just as in my house.
I reached out and petted the German shepherd, who walked obediently beside Dave.
“Shadow, this is Torie. Torie, this is my boy, Shadow.”
“Very nice to meet you, Shadow. What a big boy you are,” I observed.
“Yeah, we’re working on that. He’s on a diet, but so far it’s not working,” Dave said with a shrug.
He gave me a tour of some of the lower rooms; living room, den, dining room and family room as Shadow walked along with us.
The house was full of so many family heirlooms and vintage touches. It put all my efforts to shame.
“Can I offer you a drink?” he asked as we entered the kitchen. I have some Miller Light or…”
“That sounds perfect,” I said, putting my purse on the center island. I looked out the matching two-thirds-view custom cherry-wood doors with raised panels in the lower third to the deck out back. The grill was smoking, and after Dave handed me a chilled glass of beer, he excused himself and went out to check on the steaks.
I followed him outside. It was a spectacular view of the gently rolling fields as the sun lowered in the west.
“This is all your land?” I asked looking at soybeans as far as the eye could see stretching out before me.
“Yep, it goes all the way down to the edge of the cemetery,” he said, pointing south. “And about three-hundred acres straight out. Crops are struggling a bit with the drought this year. Hoping for it to turn around.” He reached out to rap his knuckles on the railing of the deck.
“Care to sit?” he asked and motioned to the cozy grouping of outdoor furniture pieces.
We took a seat on a glider, and he pushed it into motion with his foot as we sipped our drinks and watched the shadows spread across the land with the waning sunshine.
It felt comfortable being with Dave, like coming home. The stress of my weird life in Rose’s house didn’t seem real at this moment. I wished that I didn’t have to deal with that part of my life. My life would be pretty perfect right now if I could stay in this dimension.
We prepared the rest of the dinner together. I helped him by tearing up the lettuce for a salad. We used a cutting board to slice vegetables together, and at one point, he popped a slice of red pepper into my mouth and I reciprocated by giving him a slice of a green one.
Dave put out the dishes, and I helped to set the table. We ate in the dining room with soft lighting and some great classic soft rock playing from his sound system. He asked about my break up with Derek and he said that he had heard about it from Char. He said he was sorry, but I got the feeling that he really wasn’t.
After dinner and another drink, we cleared the dishes, and since we only had a few I offered to wash them by hand. He agreed, and as I filled the sink with soapy water, he settled an apron around my waist and tied it. He said he didn’t want my clothes to get wet, but I had the feeling he was looking for an excuse to get close to me.
He stood at the ready with a dish towel and carefully dried each dish as I dipped it in rinse water and handed it off to him. When he had to reach over me to place the water glasses on the open shelf above us, I looked up just as he had to edge around me slightly to place a glass. His eyes looked down into mine, and that was all it took. It was the undoing of both of us.
He dropped the towel on the counter, and his lips were on mine in an instant while he turned me from the sink, pulling me into his embrace. I held my hands out from my sides, not wanting to get him wet and soapy.
“Dave, wait! I’m all soapy.”
“I don’t care, Torie. Touch me. Please,” he said it in such a desperate plea that it gave me goose bumps, and then I had my hands around his rock-hard waist and we melted into each other.
We left a trail of clothes from the kitchen and through the house—his shirt and then my shirt. His shoes, my shoes, and as he slipped me out of my pants and I was wrestling unsuccessfully with his jeans button, he had me in his arms. I was wrapped around his waist as he held me and carried me to the second floor.

***

I lay breathless and in shock. “Dave, I never knew that it could be that way. I didn’t know I was even capable of enjoying sex that much,” I confessed as my body sated and satisfied, started to relax. Then I was laughing and crying at the same time. I couldn’t believe what had just happened. Twenty years of going without! Of never feeling the satisfaction of being fulfilled by a man and always thinking it was something physically wrong with me! Dave had cured me in less than ten minutes! I kissed him and wrapped my arms and legs around his perfect body.
“That’s what I’ve been missing all this time? Oh, thank you Dave! Thank you so much!” I gushed, giggling and kissing his neck, his cheek, his mouth.
He chuckled and whispered, “I just keep racking up those points, don’t I?” 
“Oh yeah,” I agreed and kissed him again deeply.



Chapter 23


The soft glow of the early morning sunrise filtered through the light sheers. I hadn’t seen an early morning sunrise in Fremont since I had moved into Rose’s house.
I was facing the outside of the bed, in Dave’s large bedroom which was beautifully decorated with earth-tone fabrics and heavy substantial furniture with multiple woods inlaid with intricate, handcrafted detail. The dressers and bed in oak with mahogany inlay contrasted and complemented the light hardwood floor and woven area rug of muted flowers in browns, peaches, and greens.
I was resting against Dave, with my back against his chest. He was spooning me, with his arm over my waist. I could feel the slow and steady rise and fall of his chest behind me. I turned over as gently as I could, so I didn’t disturb him. I wanted to see his face. He stirred slightly with my movement but didn’t wake. His expression was smooth and relaxed, and I took a few minutes just drinking in his beauty as the filtered early morning sun softly spilled upon his face.
I felt rested in spite of the fact that we had spent most of the evening in his bed talking and didn’t actually get to sleep until around midnight. After that, we still couldn’t seem to get enough of each other, and we woke one another up and made love two more times in the night. Thinking about the passionate lovemaking he gave me, I knew I would never get enough of him. I could tell it already.
His eyes fluttered open, and he gazed at me with a look that said he was remembering our night.
“Hey,” I said softly, reaching to smooth my fingers through his hair, which was spilling over his forehead.
“Good morning, Beautiful.”
I ran my hand over his chest and his shoulder as he reached to pull me closer and entwined his legs with mine. He ran his hand over my bare back and kissed my lips lightly.
“How about I fix you some breakfast? Can I fix you some eggs or pancakes? You name it.”
“That sounds good. Pancakes, I think. I’ll help though, deal?”
“Deal,” he smiled and lifted his head to place a kiss on my shoulder. “What do you have planned for the day? Do you want to hang out here with me? I would love it if you would, Torie.”
“I’ll need to run home, shower, and grab some clean clothes.” I lifted my head and looked around the room. I remembered then that most of my clothes were strewn around his downstairs.
“I’m going to have to make the walk of shame, if I can find all my clothes,” I said with a laugh, not really feeling like it was. “At least I live a mile out on gravel. I won’t have any witnesses.”
“No walk of shame—and no one-night stand, I hope.” he said. “Waking up with you here beside me is a dream come true for me. I think you probably know that I have been crazy about you practically since day one.”
“A dream come true for me also, Dave.”
“Tell you what, why don’t we have breakfast and then you run home and get cleaned up and come back over. You said you ride; we can take my horses out later today. I need to repair a fence out back, but after that, I’m free for the day. What do you say?”
“That sounds like a plan.”
“I have a nice little pond at the back of my ten acres. We can pack a lunch and head out there and spend the afternoon.”
“That sounds perfect,” I said kissing his lips lightly.
Dave rolled out of bed and headed to his closet. He pulled out a white terry robe and laid it on my side of the bed. In the buff, he walked to the bedroom door and followed the trail of our clothes out into the hall. A minute later, he was back holding my blouse, pants, and sandals. He reached to grab my underwear from his floor.
He grinned and said, “Quite the frenzy, wasn’t it?”
“Unforgettable,” I agreed rising to sit up as I ran my hand through my hair. Dave approached and held up the robe for me while I stood and slipped my arms into the sleeves. He turned me around and tied the belt about my waist then he threw on his very sexy black boxer briefs and a tee, and we headed downstairs. We had a blast making breakfast together.
After a leisurely morning enjoying our breakfast and each other’s company, I dressed and headed home while Dave threw on some clothes and headed out to fix the fence.

***

When I returned an hour later dressed in my jeans, cowboy boots, a pink tee, and looking forward to a trail ride, I found Dave by the barn working on the fence. A sheen of perspiration lit his bare, muscular chest, where the sun beat down on him. He lifted a post into place, with biceps bulging. He wiped his brow with his forearm and gave me a winning smile.
“Hey, I’m almost done here,” he said breathlessly.
He fed a rail through the post and pulled out a wooden mallet. Taking up a wooden peg, he drove it into the slot of the rail, fastening it to the post. He smoothed his hand over the joint ensuring it was just right. He was such a stickler for detail. He wanted everything about his home to be authentic to the times. The wooden pegs, which he manufactured himself in his workshop, were little details he had brought to my house as well.
“How about while you finish, I start seeing about the horses?” I pointed to the two bay quarter horses who were curiously watching Dave do his fence mending. They were just on the other side of the corral in a pasture, but all I would have needed to do would be open the gate and they would come in.
Dave looked over at them, as he stamped the dirt back into the post hole. “Sure, here, let me help you get them in.”
He lifted his tools, reached to adjust his jeans on his perfectly muscled waist, and picked up his T-shirt to wipe the sweat from his face. He is flawless! I thought. All tan and sinewy muscle with just the right amount of sexy dark hair on his chest and happy trail.
I followed him to a gate while he lifted a rope, and it swung free. He closed it after us and pointed to the barn. “Why don’t you go ahead and open the door there, and they will just walk right in. They know where their stalls are. You could get them brushed down if you want while I shower. Then I’ll saddle them up.”
“Sounds good. You just need to show me where the brushes are. Oh, and about the saddle, is that necessary? I’d rather ride bareback if that’s okay.”
“Hmmm…sure. Bareback it is. You are a horsewoman, huh? I’m impressed.”
I smiled and opened the barn door. “Ready, Boss.”
I stood to the side as Dave slipped the rope off the gate and the horses trotted obediently to the barn and their appropriate stalls.
Dave followed me into the barn and opened the wooden latch to a small tack room just to the left as he set his fence mending tools on top of a shelf. He brought a couple metal coffee cans with oats and filled the horses’ troughs with the treat. I went into the tack room and found the brushes and curry combs.
“You all set?” he asked.
“I got this handled. Go ahead and get cleaned up.”
I leaned in to give him a kiss, and he pulled back from me. “No way, woman. No kiss until I get cleaned up. I’m a mess. I’ll be right back.”
He hurried from the barn as I took the necessary items and went to meet my new friends.
Thirty minutes later and Dave was back, dressed in a light-blue tee that matched his eyes, blue jeans, and cowboy boots. His hair was still slightly damp, and as he gave me a warm kiss, I could taste his clean, minty mouthwash.
“Worth the wait,” I said patting his stomach and then turned and with pride, indicated the horses, brushed and bridled in their stalls. “I even cleaned their hooves. I wasn’t sure if you wanted a saddle.”
“Bareback is fine by me. Which one you want to ride?”
“Do you have a preference?” I asked.
“I’ll ride Jack. They’re equal in size and really in temperament. Princess has a real nice gait,” he said starting to Jack’s stall as he spoke.
I took Princess by the reins, and we followed each other out to the barnyard. Dave grabbed a set of saddlebags that were dangling over the fence. “Hope you like chicken salad sandwiches.” He tossed the bags over the withers of his horse.
“Perfect.”
He dropped Jack’s reins and came around to assist me onto my horse.
“Hey, I got this,” I said. I grabbed a handful of mane and swung up and onto Princess’s back with ease.
“Whoa! Your stock just went way up, honey. That’s impressive.”
I laughed and rolled my eyes. But actually I was pretty pleased with myself. My sister Sarah and I had spent hours as kids trying to perfect this way of mounting a horse. I still had it!
When we were kids though, we rode bareback because we always playacted we were Indians. We wore moccasins, carried beef jerky with us, and spent days out in the pastures playing out different scenarios of Indians on the warpath. We even braided our horses’ manes with feathers and beads to make them look like Indian ponies.
Dave grabbed Jack’s reins and was nodding and grinning at me as he put them around the horse’s neck and swung up onto his back in similar fashion.
“Okay, let’s go hotshot,” he said, reaching to open the gate. He moved Jack around the swinging arm. “Torie, you are just amazing me more and more by the minute, baby. I had no idea you knew so much about horses.”
“Well, I didn’t even know you had horses until you told me last night or we could have had something else in common to talk about.”
“I think we are going to enjoy getting to know each other. I can’t wait to find out what else you haven’t been telling me,” he said.
I immediately thought of Rose’s house as he said that, and I hoped that he wouldn’t be finding out about that anytime soon.

***

The pastureland stretched out for nearly ten acres and was sandwiched between corn and soybean fields. A cool breeze came up as we rode along a trail that edged the pasture at the fence line. We stayed to the trees, which ran along the fence and added shade to our trek. It was about seventy-five degrees and perfect riding weather. As we rode side by side, we talked about my childhood growing up with horses. It eclipsed his experience by far. We talked about Sarah’s rescue in Colorado and he told me he had never been to Colorado or any place out west except for Arizona, when he had helped to get his parents settled there.
As we approached the back of the pastureland, I saw there was a huge pond that covered probably two acres. In the center of the pond was a deck and small building. A long dock led out to the structure at the center of the pond.
“We spent a lot of time out here as kids,” Dave explained as we approached. “Camp outs, fishing, and duck hunting. The shack is pretty much a complete cabin, with everything you might need. Although it hasn’t been used for anything like that in years.”
We dismounted and ground tied our horses, while Dave removed the saddle bags.
“Want to go out on the deck? It’s pretty nice out there. The pond is natural and stream fed, not stagnant or buggie.”
“Sure,” I agreed, letting him take my hand. We walked side by side out over the water. As we did, I could see the pond was well stocked with fish. They were everywhere and followed us as we walked along the wooden walkway.
We arrived at the cabin and the position of the sun was casting a pretty nice shadow over the deck that was east of the structure. Dave put the saddlebags down and opened the cabin door, stepping inside. He emerged a minute later with a couple of folding chairs.
“My lady,” he said gallantly, placing a chair out for me.
He went back inside and brought out a small table and placed it between us. He took his seat, rummaging in the saddlebags and set out our meal. He pulled out plastic silverware, napkins, plates, and a small container of fruit, two bottles of water, two sandwiches and chips. The bags seemed to hold more than was possible.
As we filled our plates I noticed we had lots of company. The trout were all along the edge, surfacing to watch us.
“I would hate to fall in. I think you could get eaten alive,” I laughed. “They look hungry.”
“They do well out here. It actually is fed by a creek that empties south of here and goes on downstream.”
“I went fishing one time when I was about five years old with my dad. The entire day I worried about injuring the fish, hurting the worms. We released the fish at the end of the day but it was just a stress filled experience,” I admitted.
“Note to self, no fishing,” Dave said with a chuckle. “Good to know. Actually, I don’t fish either.”
“Tell me about your writing, Torie. Was that always your plan?”
“I minored in creative writing but got a degree in finance. I planned to be a business tycoon. I actually ended up in the insurance industry until my first novel got picked up.”
“What about you? Was your plan always renovation?”
“Yep, as far back as I can remember I was interested in building. I love history and the original way things used to be done and understanding how it all worked.”
As Dave talked, I had a thought occur to me that he would be someone who would totally enjoy the time warps I was experiencing. I would never tell him about it, but thinking about all the old buildings and so many processes I had learned regarding running a household back in old Fremont, I had no doubt that it would be something he would have loved.
After we finished our lunch, I decided to take a look in the cabin. It was actually really nice inside. It had two built-in beds against the walls and a loft with two bunks. The mattresses and pillows were covered by plastic. It had cupboards stocked with pots and pans, and a center butcher block.
Dave came in and pulled a rope that opened a side of the cabin, exposing a screened window. He walked across the cabin, pulled another rope, revealing another window on the opposite side, and the breeze blew through.
“Wow, this is a high end arrangement,” I said in amazement.
“Oh yeah, my grandpa Joe helped us build this thing back in the eighties. He was a craftsman.”
“It’s very nice, and private, in the middle of nowhere like it is. You ever entertain the ladies out here, Dave?” I asked with a teasing voice.
“You are the first,” he said with a shy smile.
“Not even Laura?” I didn’t believe him for a minute.
“Laura didn’t enjoy the country or the pond. She didn’t like horses,” he shook his head. “Not a match made in heaven,” he shrugged.
“Hmmm…” I walked up to him and reached up to cradle his face and pull him down to me for a kiss. His arms came around my waist and I lifted on my toes and slanted my lips across his, for a suggestively passionate kiss.
“Umm, you better watch it honey or you could find yourself ravaged right here and now,” he whispered.
“Or you could,” I challenged, putting my arms around his neck. He gazed down into my eyes and kissed my lips gently, wrapping me closer in his embrace.
“I’m serious, Torie. It scares me to think about how desperately I’ve wanted you all these months. I thought I was going to lose my mind a couple times, yearning for you so badly. I could very easily become insatiable,” he warned.
“Shhh.” I placed a finger over his mouth to silence him, then moved my hand and kissed him again deeply.
“You’ve been warned,” he breathed against my mouth, lifting me to set me up on the butcher block and I reached out and slipped a finger into the waistband of his jeans, pulling him forward to stand between my legs.
“I’m never going to be able to get enough of you, Torie,” he confessed, lifting the hem of my T-shirt.
“I hope that’s a promise,” I replied.
“It’s a promise,” he whispered, smoothing his hands over my back as he kissed me deeply and his passion kicked into high gear.



Chapter 24


The Iowa State Fair came and went, and we never made it. I spent every night at Dave’s place the first part of August. I had forgotten about the time warps and didn’t miss them a bit. I was quickly falling for Dave Cameron. I was totally, head over heels, in love.
On a Thursday morning, August 16, to be exact, I was on a plane with my publicist Nancy, who though she always had my best interests at heart, really pushed me. I’d had enough tours to last me a lifetime, and this trip to Chicago for a book signing was going to be my last, damn it, if I could just get up the courage to put my foot down. At least the signing was only four hours on Friday at a smaller, more intimate store, Barnett-Owen Books in conjunction with their becoming a retailer for Kindle. I would be home by Saturday night, although, I didn’t want to be away from Dave for even one night, but he promised he would be waiting.
This trip turned out to be more than just a day at the signing table, though. For this trip, I would meet Claire Neumann and she would change my life profoundly and forever.
Nancy had received a letter a few weeks ago from the Illinois Make-A-Wish Foundation. They had a barely eighteen-year-old girl who had leukemia, which had returned for the third time. This time though, it was aggressively attacking her. Her wish was to meet me. Me! For crying out loud! Nancy arranged for her to be at Barnett-Owen and to spend a couple of hours at the signing table with me. Her doctors had stopped all treatment, and she had actually rebounded slightly. She wanted to be my assistant, and afterward, we would grab some lunch if she felt well enough.
I had been at the signing for a couple of hours when through the historical romance section came the most beautiful and most ill-looking child I had ever seen in my lifetime. She was in a wheelchair, and her mother and father were wheeling her toward me. I paused in signing a book to rise and come around the table to meet her. She had no hair—even her eyebrows were gone—and she wore a sky-blue beret that set her large blue eyes off perfectly. She had a copy of Passion’s Fury in her lap, clutched tightly in her hands.
I reached out to shake her parents’ hands, and then I knelt beside Claire.
“You ready to work?”
She nodded. “I’m so happy to meet you, Miss Mills. You are my all-time favorite author.”
“Call me Torie, please. We are on a first-name basis, understand? All-time favorite, huh? I think you are destined to become my all-time favorite assistant.” I smiled, and gave a gentle squeeze to her hand. Nancy came forward and helped Claire’s parents get her situated behind the table while I took my place at her side.
Claire’s parents didn’t want to hang around and interfere in her time with me, so they gave her a kiss good-bye and told Nancy they would be back in three hours. The Make-A-Wish Foundation representative Liz, a dedicated and bubbly nineteen-year-old, assured her parents that she would be close by in case Claire needed anything at all.
Her arrival a couple of hours into the event proved to be perfect for our visit. The shoppers with Passion’s Fury in hand were gradually slowing to a trickle and while Claire helpfully handed the autographed novels back to each person, she would thank each one for coming to see us and hope they loved the story as much as she did. She was just adorable.
About an hour and a half into our time together, we had a major lull in the traffic. Nancy and Liz went off to check on some mysterious surprise they wouldn’t even give us a hint about. Claire took the opportunity and opened her copy of my book.
“Would you please autograph my copy?”
I gave her a look that said, “Are you kidding me!”
“Of course. What would you like me to say?” I asked clicking my pen and looking into her eyes.
“How about ‘Claire, believe in a true love. Your friend, Torie.’”
“I think I can manage that,” I replied and inscribed it as she requested with an embellished “Claire” and “Torie.”
“Torie, can I ask you something?” she was hesitant.
“Anything.”
“Do you have a Beau Gardner in your life? Did you write him from a special man? I want to be a writer. That has always been my dream, but I have never been in love. I think you have to know something to be able to write about it, don’t you?”
“Beau lives only in my imagination. All you need, Claire, is to have an idea of what you want to create, and you just make that world come to life. There is nothing like having a blank page of paper and just filling it with a world that you created in your own mind.”
“I read the passion of Beau toward Melody, and I wish I would have time to find it in my own life. I’m getting really scared that I might die soon though, but when I read your first book Eternal Fire and this one, I feel I have glimpsed what love is.”
I had a lump in my throat. I remembered being eighteen years old and reading my favorite romance books and praying for that day when my Prince Charming would arrive. My sister Sarah always said that those books ruined us for real men and that was why we had so much trouble finding one who was good enough.
“You want to know who my favorite author was when I was your age?” I asked confidentially.
“Who?”
“Kathleen E. Woodiwiss. Have you ever read her books?”
“No, are they as good as yours?”
“Much better!” I had to laugh. “If I buy you one of her books, will you read it and tell me what you think?”
“Sure,” she said, awestruck.
“Are you on Facebook?”
“Duh!” she said, and we both laughed.
“Then let’s friend each other, and we can write back and forth and talk about our favorite books. I have several that are my favorites currently. We can give each other our recommendations.”
She looked at my novel again and smoothed her hand across the shiny photo of Beau and Melody, who were in a passionate embrace against a blood-red sky.
“Jimmy Thomas is gorgeous, isn’t he?” she asked.
“Absolutely beautiful—that’s why I have him on my cover. He’s the best at what he does, don’t you think?”
She nodded and then opened the book and fanned through the pages until a folded piece of paper fell out onto her lap.
“I wanted to bring this for you. It isn’t the best, but I wrote it.”
She handed me the paper and then smiled shyly as I unfolded it and read it quietly.

My love for you is great
Though I know I cannot have you
For like a rainbow
The harder I try to reach you
The further you move away

Now sorrow lays heavy on my heart
Like sturdy bands closing in on it
My heart is like a butterfly
Wanting to break free and fly away
But it is not able
For the bands are made of love
And cannot be broken

“You wrote this, Claire? It’s wonderful! Autograph please,” I demanded, handing it back to her and giving her my pen. “It needs a title, though,” I said as she finished up signing it for me with a fancy scrolling flourish. “What do you think?”
“Maybe ‘Fly,’” she suggested with a shrug.
“I like it. In fact, Claire, what would you think about me featuring it in the front of my next novel? I really think it would be perfect right after the dedication page.”
“What’s the name of the novel? What’s it about?” she asked excitedly.
“Well, I have been toying with several titles. It’s set in Civil War time and is a love story, of course, and he goes off to war.”
“That sounds interesting.”
“Our secret though, promise? We need to keep it to ourselves for now. So what do you say? What will you charge me for your work? I’ll give you proper credit of course, in the book as well. It will say by Claire Neumann.”
“Seriously? OMG, Torie!” she gushed; then more quietly, she continued, “If you really want to buy it, whatever you pay me I’ll give to charity. Maybe Make-A-Wish Foundation so that some other child can have a wish.”
A customer approached just then and interrupted our discussion. We took a few minutes to chat about Passion’s Fury. After she had gone, I turned back to our negotiations.
“Okay, I will pay you ten thousand dollars for exclusive use of this poem in my next book, which you can give to Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one percent of all royalties from the book will go to the charity of your choice, or how about this…a scholarship fund for different causes including aspiring young writers. We could name it the Neumann Mills Scholarship or Trust…something like that. It could be huge.”
“Deal!” she said and shook my hand, and then she put the autographed sheet of paper back into my palm.
I hugged her, and as the clock indicated our book signing was at an end, Nancy and Liz returned. We both glanced up, and then I don’t know who screamed louder, Claire or me, for walking between the two petite women was a very real-life version of my novel cover in the flesh, Jimmy Thomas!

***

With a copy of my own novel bearing the autograph of Jimmy Thomas tucked carefully in the side pocket of my laptop, it was then time to bid Claire good-bye. It had been a huge day for everyone.
I handed Claire the Kindle which I had purchased for her and her online library was loaded with Shanna by Kathleen E. Woodiwiss, Forbidden by another favorite author of mine Jayne Monroe, Love’s Vengeance by my friend Dana Roquet, and On the Island by Tracey Garvis Graves.
“When you get home, charge this up right away, and I want you to read On the Island first. I think you will love it. The hero is a cancer survivor, just like you. I’ll be waiting for your review. Shoot me an email. Okay?”
“I will, Torie. Thank you so much for spending this time with me. If I do get better, I hope to become an author just like you.”
“You will, sweetie. And I promise that I’ll give your first finished novel to my agent.” I hoped against all hope I would have a chance to make that promise come true.
We had exchanged all our digits and email addresses. I had Claire’s Facebook info, and I provided her parents with Nancy’s information regarding the Neumann Mills 2012 Charity Trust. Nancy assured them they could expect a letter from one of the lawyers from her firm to get the ball rolling on our mutual venture.
We took several photos for Liz and the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and I made Nancy take a photo with all our cell phones of Claire, Jimmy, and me together. We all made it our phone background photo right then and there.
Jimmy gave a last kiss on the cheek to Claire and me and had to make a quick exit before he caused a riot. More likely, he would have been sexually molested, right there in the middle of the book store, by a rapidly growing gathering of adoring female fans.

***

Nancy and I hailed a cab and took the short drive back to our hotel. Our flight would leave at 9:00 a.m. I was so ready to get home to Fremont, Iowa, and Dave Cameron.
Spending the day with Claire, a young woman who had never loved and never would, made me take stock of my life and what I wanted. Her parents told me confidentially that she was not expected to live to the end of the year. And I decided then and there that I was going to tell Dave Cameron I was in love with him when I got home. He was my destiny. I was going to make sure he knew that.
As I walked to my room after bidding Nancy good night, I turned the corner and standing in the hallway in front of my door was Dave. I ran to him, dropped my things on the floor and jumped into his warm embrace.
“What are you doing here?” I squealed.
“Couldn’t take being without you, so I drove up.”
“Dave, I’m in love with you. I love you,” I confessed—right there in the middle of Chicago, Illinois, in the hallway of the Hyatt Regency in front of room 1908.
“Torie, sweetheart, I’m in love with you, too. You know I am. You are everything to me,” he said, kissing me and placing me back down onto my own two feet.
I picked my purse up off the floor, and then fumbled around in it, searching for the room key and when I finally found it, I slipped it through the slot, the light turned green and I pushed the door open.
Dave brought his bag and my computer and followed me inside, and then I was in his arms. He slipped his shirt off over his head and then slid my blouse over mine.
“Wait,” I breathed between his fevered kisses. “Dave, let me call Nancy real quick; I need to let her know that I’ll be driving back with you.”
He kissed my neck while I set my purse on the mirrored desk, turned on a lamp, and dug for my phone.
Dave stood behind me, and I could see him over my left shoulder as he lifted my hair out of his way and kissed my neck. I was mesmerized by the reflection of his handsome face, watching him place kisses along my shoulder and lightly run his tongue over my skin while his light-blue eyes watched me in the mirror. His eyes were hypnotic. His hand reached for mine.
“Nancy,” he reminded, guiding my hand holding the phone toward my ear, as he kissed my shoulder.
“Hey, Nancy,” I said, turning to Dave, but he turned me back, so I was facing the mirror again and his hands slipped around my waist, “Ummm.” I was so freakin’ distracted. “Dave came up here, so I…” His kisses nibbled at my ear. “I won’t need to fly. I’ll drive with him. I just wanted you to know. Bye.”
I closed the phone, dropped it into my purse, and reached up with my hand to hold the back of his neck, kissing him over my left shoulder. As I watched our reflections, he bent and lifted me into his arms as with my legs wrapped firmly around his waist, he carried me to the bed.



Chapter 25


I was extremely comfortable with warps in time. Even this! Waking up or whatever you want to call it and finding myself on the back of a horse. The girl in front of me wore a blue cotton dress and her blonde hair in pigtails. My arms were around her waist, and we were heading away from Grandpa Henry Mills’s farm, heading north toward town. By the sun’s position, I figured it had to be mid-to late afternoon.
Thank God I had been riding horses all my life growing up in my real world and was comfortable riding bareback. I wished for a mirror to see who I was. Okay—not happening—think! I had to use what I had around me to figure it out. Riding beside me on a chestnut horse was my Wyman cousin Rose, namesake of Grandma Rose. Okay, so Rose and riding with her my grandaunt Lucy Mills, both being the same age, I thought they looked about sixteen years old. I glanced around. Two other horses were behind us. Grandaunt Joanna Mills and could that be—her first husband William Olson? I had never seen a photograph of him, but Joanna looked about nineteen so it could very well be him prior to their getting married.
“We’ll make it just about on time,” Rose said. “Molly—do you hope Jackson Worth comes tonight?”
She was asking me! Thank God, okay, so I am currently my grandaunt Molly Mills, and one year younger than my sister Lucy.
“He might be there,” I improvised. He was to become Molly’s husband a few years from this place and time.
The girl in front of me turned to take a look at me over her shoulder. Katie McFall. I should have known by the flaxen hair. She was great-grandaunt Ivy Wyman McFall’s daughter and she was also a mutual cousin of both me and Dave Cameron.
As we rode west on Main Street, we could see the square on North Pine as we approached. All the one story buildings that edged the square this side of Main no longer existed in present Fremont. The first building that edged the east side of the square was a drugstore. Passing there, we could see a crowd of folks, buggies, and horses, stretching around the four sides of the square. The grassy center was dotted with people seated, facing a gazebo at the center of the square where a band was warming up and tuning their instruments.
On down Main Street I knew the old high school was there, out of view. I was able to see just a glimpse of the bell tower atop the two-story, iconic structure to the west. The false-fronts of the merchant shops on the square blocked a clear view of the school itself. I wished I could just keep going along the street and get a good look at it.
Instead, we all dismounted leaving our horses tied at the edge of the square along Main and found an empty place on the grass facing the gazebo. We girls helped to spread out several blankets that had been across the withers of Rose’s horse. The gazebo was really lovely. It had ceased to exist about eighty years ago, but it had been awesome, I now could see.
The six of us were just getting settled when Wyatt and Jennie joined us. Awkward! I calculated they must be a few years from their wedding night that I had lived not so long ago. So weird! Jennie took a blanket from Wyatt’s arm and started to spread it out.
“Wyatt, help me please,” she asked sweetly. She was so sweet to Wyatt. They were the perfect couple.
Instead of taking hold of the blanket, Wyatt turned and looked around as though he thought she was talking to someone behind him. He looked totally lost. He looked like he had no idea where he was. I started to get a weird feeling as I watched his eyes. He looked scared. Could he be another traveler like me?
I reached out to smooth the blanket, “Here, Jennie, let me help.”
“Thanks. Wyatt, sit down,” she directed, tugging at dazed granduncle Wyatt’s arm. He complied, sitting next to Katie and me.
The music started playing from the band as we all sat to listen. I couldn’t keep my eyes off Wyatt, though. Something was definitely not right about him. He had always been so animated in other encounters and always treated Jennie like she was made of fine china. He was the most chivalrous man past or present, that I had ever met until Dave. Wyatt continued to watch the people around him uneasily.
Never knowing how long I would stay at any time warp or what would cause it to end, it was impossible to gauge anything or direct anything of importance about the experience, but when Jennie asked Wyatt to go into the drugstore for a fountain drink they could share—I jumped up.
“I’ll go with you, Wyatt,” I said quickly.
Wyatt looked relieved to have someone taking point, and he rose and followed me toward the edge of the grass where we walked along the sidewalk, side by side.
My grandpa Arlan approached and spoke to Wyatt.
“Did you finish?”
“What?” Wyatt questioned. “I’m sorry, and you are?”
Arlan laughed. “Funny, boy. You better have finished feeding the stock. That was the deal, right? I milk for you tomorrow morning and you get to sleep in? You feed the stock and milk old Bess for two nights straight.”
“Ummm…” Wyatt stammered.
“Arlan, we have to get inside before Jennie worries what became of us.” I pointed to our group. “See Joanna? We are all sitting there. We’ll be right back.”
As Arlan moved off, I grabbed Wyatt by the arm and looked up into his eyes. “What is my name?” I demanded.
“I don’t know,” he admitted quietly.
“Who are you?”
“Wyatt?” he responded more as a question than an answer.
Oh shoot! I was right. This guy has no clue what is going on.
“Not who you think you should say you are, who are you—really?”
“My name is Dave Cameron.”
What the hell?



Chapter 26


Dave woke up from his first night staying in my home with me after our drive from Chicago to find me hunched over beside him like a gargoyle perched upon a ledge, watching him sleep. He stared up into my eyes and then reached out to pull me toward him, and in spite of my resistance, he lifted his head to give me a gentle kiss on my neck.
“Dave, do you remember anything from last night? Did you have any weird dreams?”
He stretched and moved to sit up beside me.
“Oh, gotta whiz! Hold that thought.” He kicked off the sheet and rolled his naked self out of bed and out the door.
“You know, I did,” he continued as he reentered the room and crawled back under the covers. He pulled me down beside him and gave me a perfect kiss. He had found my mouthwash. “Wait, it was…” He paused, turning to his back beside me and looking up at the ceiling as he raked a hand through his hair, thinking.
“What?” I asked impatiently. I sat up beside him again resuming the gargoyle pose. I wanted to know, but I didn’t want to lead him or give him any ideas that might not be his own.
“It was really odd. I was in Fremont, I think. I remember music and a gazebo.” He looked at me thoughtfully. “You were there…but no, it wasn’t you, but it was this teenaged girl with medium-brown hair, green eyes.”
Damn, this could take all day. “Wait a minute. I’ll be right back.”
I jumped out of bed, ran downstairs to the kitchen, and brought my laptop back up to the bedroom. While I logged on to my family tree, I said, “Go on; what else do you remember about the dream?”
“Why is it important?” he asked, sitting up. He kissed my shoulder as I sat cross-legged with my back to him. He slipped his hand under the bottom hem of my tank top, and his fingers slowly came around my waist reaching upward in search of my breasts. I hugged his hand to my stomach, halting his advance.
“Just humor me, would you please?” I turned and gave him my I-mean-business look.
“Okay.” He dropped back onto his pillow and crossed his arms behind his head, looking again to the ceiling. “I remember there was a group of people. A girl asked me to spread out a blanket. I sat down beside a little kid with blonde pigtails and the green-eyed girl. The green-eyed girl and me, we went off together. This guy stopped me and asked me about a cow or something. Then I was walking with this girl, and she took me around the side of this building. She told me that I needed to trust what she was going to say and act accordingly.”
I got goose bumps as he described exactly what I had done and said after we left Arlan on the sidewalk.
“She told me,” he was continuing, “I was Wyatt and the girl we left on the blanket was my girlfriend. She told me she was my little sister Molly and that she didn’t have time to explain everything.”
“Was this her?” I asked, interrupting him excitedly and crawling on my knees over to sit beside him. He took his arms from behind his head and then with interest, sat up, taking the laptop from my hands and placing it on his legs.
“That’s her,” he said in amazement, looking at her photo.
“And then after she told you she didn’t have time to explain, she told you she was Torie.”
“Yes, and I was caught in her time warp.” He was really struggling to comprehend.
“Dave, it was me. I had the exact same dream. But it isn’t a dream. It’s something about this house or Fremont or maybe, now since you’ve experienced it also, maybe it’s something about our genetics, too.”
“What do you mean? This has happened to you before?”
“Every night I am in this house. Different dreams but always traveling in time. The oldest time I have visited was 1872, once as a five year old girl, and once when my great-grandparents Henry and Alice built their first log cabin just down the road from here. The most recent time has been 1928.”
I took my laptop off him, set it on the floor, and crawled back into bed. Dave lay back down, and I draped myself across his broad chest as he embraced me. I kissed his neck, holding him tight. “I am so happy it isn’t just me. I thought I was going insane.”
All at once, I was sobbing. Tears of happiness, or relief, I’m not sure. I think it was mostly just having Dave in my time warp world and knowing that I wasn’t alone with it anymore.
“Torie, sweetheart,” he crooned. “It’s all right. It’ll be all right.”
I lifted my head, wiped my eyes with my hands, and kissed his mouth. “I love you so much, Dave Cameron.”
He just kissed me back, tossed the sheet off himself, wrapped me in his arms, and rolled over until I was beneath him. “I’ll never get tired of hearing those words from your lips, Torie Mills. I love you, too.”
His mouth lowered to mine as his hand inched my top up then he paused and lifted his head. “Time warp? We have a lot to talk about, lady. Later.”

***

The water cascaded over Dave’s shoulders as he blocked the spray, bending to kiss my lips. He lifted my hair and smoothed it down my back, so it would not hamper him. With a handful of body wash, he was giving me a good cleaning, moving slowly down my body, gently washing me. He was a good boy, though; he didn’t prolong it longer than necessary to do a thorough job.
“So how do I get back to the square and get a better look at that gazebo?” he asked while he turned me around to give my back a good washing.
“It doesn’t work that way, Dave.” I had to laugh. He was obsessed with getting back to have a closer look at the construction practices.
“Cameron!” I scolded, as his hands started doing some roaming, and washing started to turn into seducing.
“Sorry,” he apologized as I handed him a loofah over my shoulder to use on me. Less stimulating than those expert hands of his.
“You aren’t in power when you’re in there. You’re like an actor in a play. You’re playing a part.”
I took the loofah from his hand and traded spots with him so that I could rinse, and then I used a generous squirt of shower wash and gave his back a good washing. I turned him by the shoulders and discarded the loofah on a handy holder before running my soapy hands over his chest.
“No fair,” he moaned, with a chuckle.
I took hold of his shoulders and turned him so that he was under the spray and then I lathered his hair with shampoo and rinsed it for him.
“So about the gazebo,” I began, trying to take his mind off his obvious change in interest, “you may never see that place or time again. It was probably a one-time occurrence.”
“But it was there for decades,” he argued. “I could get back there.”
“See, that’s just it. Even if you are in Fremont at the same time again, you can’t alter the experience you are in.”
I turned off the water, reached around the shower curtain, handed him a towel, and grabbed one for myself off the shelf just outside.
“Let’s get dressed. You run to Jeff’s and get Shadow, and I’ll make us some breakfast while you’re gone. Then we can get into a deep discussion if you want. Or…”
“Yes?” he asked with interest, the slow smile telling me where his thoughts had strayed.
“Or we can wash laundry and do the grocery shopping,” I teased.
“We’ll see about that,” he said and dropped a kiss on my lips. He grinned at me as he buffed the moisture from his hair and blotted the water from his face.

***

I heard the front door open and close soundly as Dave called, “Torie?”
“Kitchen,” I directed, and moments later, Dave and Shadow strolled into the room.
“Hey, Shadow. How you doin’, boy?”
Shadow stood quietly at Dave’s side and wagged his tail, while his nose was caressing the air, seeking out the source of the food smells. I turned the sausage, replacing the splatter screen.
“Coffee?” I asked as Dave came up behind me and kissed my cheek over my shoulder. I reached for one of my recently acquired reproduced copies of antique Royal Crown Derby coffee mugs. They were beautifully patterned with orange and navy-blue flowers on a bed of beige with gold details. Grandma Rose had one place setting that she had inherited from her mother. I looked around the Internet until I found a close resemblance and bought an entire set.
I gave Dave a kiss on the lips and then passed him a cup of black coffee. He took the cup and went to have a chair at the table looking out into the backyard.
“So about the warps...” he started again, looking to me.
I took two plates from the cupboard and started filling them with scrambled eggs and sausage. I popped some bread into the toaster oven.
“Okay,” I began, joining him at the table with my coffee in hand, “what I have found out up to now—and keep in mind, I’m winging this—I have no idea what this is all about, but I do know that you can’t alter the experience.”
“But I felt I was free to do whatever I would have wanted.”
“You didn’t though, did you?” I reminded him. “If you would have had free will to change the experience, I think you would have been heading for the hills. Your face told me you were freaking out.”
Dave chuckled. “I was freaking out,” he agreed.
“See? So, no, you can’t change the course of the experience. I have been able to make small manipulations, but the overall experience ends with its historical conclusion. I have been able to move, just as we did at the square when we went to get a fountain drink, but we would not have been able to leave the area.”
The toaster dinged, and I went to butter and jelly a slice of toast for each of us and brought Dave his breakfast, setting it before him. I gave him silverware and a paper towel for a napkin before taking my seat.
“Since you know now, I will tell you about that closet you added to my bedroom…” He looked up from his plate with interest. “I’ve used that to bring small items back—nothing major, just a few photos and small odds and ends.”
“That’s what you had me make that for?” he chuckled. “Wall safe—I knew that was a load.”
“So…” I laughed. “Regarding the warps. I was hoping that you staying over would mean that I had found a way to keep them from happening. When Mindy stayed over, I didn’t warp. But apparently you are being invited in,” I said mysteriously with a ghostly, “Boooohhhhh.”
“Well, I’m stoked about it.” He took a bite of sausage and gave me a closed-mouth smile as he chewed his food.
“So, as for getting to the gazebo,” I continued. “Like I told you before, even though it was around for probably about fifty years, you may never visit that place or time again. Next time, you may be at a dinner table with your great-great-grandfather and be a ten-year-old boy, or you may be your great-great-grandfather himself.
You couldn’t very easily get up from the table and walk out of the room. Not only because you somehow sense and try to fit in automatically, but also, if you did walk out of the room, the others at the table would question you. Plus, you wouldn’t know what was beyond the room. If you made it out of the room and the house, you wouldn’t know what was beyond. You wouldn’t know where things were located for sure. Or even which way was north. You start to feel like the place you are in is your only reality and everything beyond is a total void. You have all your faculties. You know everything about your real life, place, and time, but you also know that it is far away and unattainable. Instinctively, you just know.”
“But if it was in my own house or this house since I know it so well...”
“Dave, you’ll just have to experience it for yourself. Believe me, I’ve tried to make changes in the warp. If I’m in a situation for an extended time, for example, once I spent an entire day in this house, and I walked all the rooms and went out in the yard but always within the constraints of the experience. I couldn’t walk beyond the yard.”
“I wonder if we’ll be in the same experience together every time?” he asked.
“I guess if we stay here tonight, we may just find out.”
“Oh yeah, I’ll be here,” Dave assured me.
I couldn’t believe how into this and how accepting of it he was. While I had spent the last couple months thinking I was losing my mind, he was like, Okay, time warp, sure, no problem.

***

That night, we went on separate time travels. I was Lucy and was with my Mills family at a church service, and then came home to do some baking on a spring day with (her mother), my great-grandma Alice. It was a pretty uneventful time warp, but wonderful. I enjoyed spending time with Great-Grandma Alice.
She was able to bake the most delicious homemade bread in her cook stove. How she did it without burning or at least scorching it was beyond me. She had it down to a science. We baked bread and then enjoyed some with fresh churned butter and lemonade. We sat out back in chairs under a shade tree while we let the kitchen cool down.
She talked about her childhood growing up in Ohio until she was eighteen, when Judson and Rose brought the entire family to Iowa, in 1868. Grandma Alice married Great-Grandpa Henry in 1872. She died in 1918, just a year after they retired to town. She died even before her mother Rose. The two of them had been so close. Great-Grandma Alice was a warm and loving wife and a wonderful mother to my grandpa Arlan and his siblings.
Dave’s time warp involved his great-great-great-grandfather Samuel McFall. Dave was a boy of about seventeen he guessed. He didn’t know who he was. They were working on trimming the hooves of their team of four draft horses. Dave had been around saddle horses most of his life but had no clue about the draft horses or trimming hooves. His opinion was you hired a ferrier. After he got underfoot a couple times, several of the men had him go up in the barn and work at pitching hay. Then he cleaned and filled the horses’ water buckets and filled feed bins with hay and a scoop of grain for each. He was allowed to walk each horse back to its stall, and he got two of the four mixed up. He got a talking-to by an older sibling, he guessed, for not having his head on straight.



Chapter 27


I was upstairs when I heard the front screen door close. I stepped into my slippers, threw my robe on over my tee and boxers, hurried down the stairs, out the front door and off the porch.
“Hey, Cameron,” I called.
Dave turned from putting his tool belt in the bed of his truck and smiled at me sweetly. “Did I forget something?” he asked.
“Just this,” I said, slipping my arms around his neck to give him a big hug. He lifted me off the ground and turned me so I was standing against the side of his truck. He braced his hands on the top of the cab, while he bent to give me a kiss.
Even though he was just leaving for work, he would be meeting with a prospective client for dinner and wouldn’t be home until about 9:00 p.m. “I’ll be missing you. Get home as soon as you can.”
“I will. I still can’t get used to the idea that I have someone waiting to come home to. It feels amazing to belong to someone, no complaints.”
“Me, too. I’m lovin’ it,” I confessed.
“We’ll be starting our second month soon, you know. Maybe we should plan a night out in Des Moines. How about someplace fancy so that you can dress up and wear some sexy high heels?”
I had to laugh at that remark. “Okay, I’ll think about that. Date night, huh?”
“Definitely,” he agreed and kissed me again.
“Okay, I better let you get going so you can earn the money to keep me in the style to which I have become accustomed.”


As Dave pulled out of the drive, I started thinking about my long day and evening without him. I decided to get cleaned up and head to Des Moines. I called ahead to the spa, made an appointment for my usual, and planned to do some shopping at Jordan Creek Town Center afterward. I could have a sexy surprise waiting for Dave tonight, and the thought occurred to me, What about a historical romance theme?—Hmmm.
After I had dressed, I sat down at my computer to work on my newly mandated, daily three pages of my novel in progress. Even if I didn’t feel inspired, just getting something down in the general direction I was headed would usually help me when I came back to it the next day. I still had a long way to go, but I punched out three pages within a few minutes.
I took Shadow outside for a quick turn about the yard and waited on the porch for him to do his business. He was such a perfectly trained dog, the slightest command and he immediately responded. I brought him in, filled his water bowl for him, and locked up the house before heading out.
As I drove the sixty miles to Des Moines thinking about my plans for some sexy lingerie, I got to thinking about what he had said about starting our second month. It was true, and if I were to follow my normal pattern, there could be trouble brewing soon. I didn’t feel like that though; I felt like we were at a healthy place in our relationship and getting closer.
Historically though, I knew that it always seemed fine until something would set me off and I would run from commitment. I was hoping to break that pattern this time.
After my appointment at the salon, I strolled along the shops of the mall looking for inspiration in my quest for some hot seduction. I stopped in Soma and was browsing through racks of seductive apparel when a small rack of soft gauzy white baby-doll gowns with wide, low-slung necklines and gathered sleeves caught my eye. It was sexy but almost had a flavor of olden or medieval times. It was something I could see Melody Turner in as she seduced her man, Beau Gardner. It came with a pair of sexy panties of the same gauzy material.
I accepted my credit card back, and with my inspiration in a stylish bag, I set out next to find some romantic candles and maybe some mood music to finish out the seduction.

***

When I heard the door of Dave’s truck close at 9:00 p.m., I turned off the television and went to the door to greet him.
He smiled warmly as he pulled the screen door open.
“Hey, woman. Waiting for me at the door. What’s wrong?”
“Just happy to see you,”
He pulled me into a hug with one arm as he set his worn tool belt just inside.
“How was dinner? Get the job?”
“Yeah, it’s gonna be nice—total renovation of three thousand square feet. The guy wants to go for every detail to be exact. Kinda like a driven, sexy woman I worked for recently.”
“Hmmm.” I smiled. “Well, I think I like your latest work you’ve been doing for her. Some of your best, I think.”
“Wait for me to grab a shower, and I’ll show you some more of my renovation skills,” he promised. He took me in his arms and dipped me with flair as he planted a deep kiss on me.
As Dave headed upstairs to take a shower, I turned off all the downstairs lights and hurried up to prepare. I drew the shades in our bedroom, lit the lavender and linen scented candles I had purchased and placed on my dresser and nightstands, pulled the covers back invitingly, and turned on the sound system, selecting the play list I had compiled on my iPod with some of my favorite romantic love songs.
I had already showered earlier in preparation, so I quickly undressed and put on my new gown and panties. I bent over, flipping my freshly cut and washed hair to hang down, and ruffled my fingers through it so it fanned in cascading layers before I dabbed some gloss on my lips and posed myself strategically.
When Dave came to the bedroom door a few minutes later, I was sitting in the midst of the bed in soft, perfumed candlelight, with romantic strains of John Waite singing “Missing You” playing on the stereo. I was hoping to create sexy. The look on Dave’s face said I had succeeded.
He had put on some boxer briefs, which he quickly shed, and approached the bed slowly, like a sleek predator stalking its prey—his masculine body rippling with power.
“You look beautiful, Torie.”
I patted the spot beside me, and as he came to join me I leaned to kiss him as I drew him down and pressed him back upon a heap of pillows. I fluffed them for him as he reclined in a sitting position and I crawled up beside him, facing him, and kissed him passionately, running my tongue gently between his lips and into his open mouth to be met by his.
He moved me over onto his lap so that I was straddling him, and his hands moved to the top of my gown. With the slightest effort, the gown slid off one shoulder, and he kissed the exposed skin. As his eyes moved down to my cleavage, he gently held my back and his damp hair spilled over his forehead as he leaned me back so he could kiss my breasts. He tilted me back up straight and I slipped my arms out of the sleeves of the gown with his assistance.
“Dave?” I ventured quietly.
“Yes, honey,” he whispered, his eyes lifting to meet mine.
“What you said today about two months?”
“What about it?” he questioned, reaching to touch my hair and lifting a strand to his nose to inhale the fragrance.
“I’m notorious for bailing at two months, Dave.”
“Are you considering ending this with me?” He dropped my hair and reached to stroke my shoulders, with a clearly worried expression.
“No, I’m not, but I’ve never gotten past that barrier with a real, day-to-day, relationship. I don’t know how to do it. I think it is because I never saw an example of a successful relationship in my growing-up years. I guess what I’m trying to say is, if I start to pull back, will you try to stick with me, see me through it? Please don’t let me ruin what we have, okay?” I wasn’t expecting it, but I had tears come to my eyes. Not quite the sexy vibe I had spent all day trying to create.
“I’m not going anywhere, Torie. I won’t let you push me away that easily. I’m in love with you, you know? Two-month barrier be damned.” He smoothed his hands over my bare shoulders. “And—I’ve seen how to do it right. Grandpa Joe and my grandma Mary, my parents—you just let me and I’ll show you.” He used his fingertips to wipe away a tear that had fallen from my eye and kissed my cheek.
I kissed his cheek, and then hugged his neck.
“Okay, I’m not going to worry about it. If I try to bail…” I pulled back to look into his eyes.
“We’ll work through it together.” He brought one of my hands to his lips and placed a kiss on my palm. He continued quietly as he put my hand on his chest, over his heart. “But just be careful, Torie, please—because I’m fragile too, you know? I’m past the point of return. From here on out—you’ll break my heart. You have the power to destroy me.”
“Never,” I promised, as I leaned forward and kissed his lips.



Chapter 28


Dave Cameron looked to the rearview mirror and raised his hand in apology to the driver behind him as he pulled through the intersection. He had been deep in thought and hadn’t noticed the light had changed. He had been staying with Torie every night, and the experiences he was living at night were really messing with his head. He turned onto the highway heading toward Fremont, and his thoughts again went to the time warps as he drove.
Torie was helping him as much as she could. By using her family tree program, he was able to see some photographs of McFall ancestors he recognized from the warps. He had seen his third great-grandfather Samuel McFall again the night before last, as well as his son, his own great-great-grandfather William.
The experience had involved McFall men clearing a field of trees to make way for corn. A team of draft horses and lots of old-fashioned hard work had cleared less than half an acre of prairie grass and tree stumps by the end of a day. It was backbreaking labor, and as a brother to his great-great-grandfather William McFall he had put in a full day’s labor as well. They didn’t head home until near dark, and then the horses were all cared for and bedded down before the men went to have dinner or see about their own needs.
The house they had gone to, which had belonged to Samuel, was a house Dave had never seen and that no longer existed in Fremont. He couldn’t even tell in what part of the township it was located. None of the landmarks were familiar—but then it was a hundred and fifty years ago. It looked nothing like the landscape of the area that existed today.
Last night’s warp had been a little trickier, and it was causing some problems between him and Torie today. It had been a barn raising and dance for one of the local war heroes from the Civil War. Octavius Waltman was legendary Dave was to find out later from Torie. She had a huge amount of information regarding his outstanding service to the Union Army. He was also married to Susan McFall, a blood relative of Dave.
Octavius had lost a barn in a bad storm, and the community came together to rebuild it. Dave had totally enjoyed that. Watching all the practices for constructing the barn, observing the tools used—it was a great learning experience. That wasn’t the problem between him and Torie.
The women all provided an amazing spread of food for the workers, and at the end of the afternoon of working, an impromptu dance was held inside the finished structure. Octavius and several others provided the music with fiddles, spoons, and washboards, just like in an old hillbilly movie or something.
Torie was there. She was a heavyset middle-aged Wyman woman—later Dave found out she was her great-grandaunt Emily who had returned to Iowa for a visit from Washington State. Dave was one of his own distant McFall cousins. And as Andrew McFall, he was married to Amelia McFall. And there was the problem between him and Torie today.
Amelia McFall was young and beautiful, probably about twenty two years old, with long blonde hair, emerald-green eyes, and a figure that would make a man stare in 1908 or today.
She and Andrew were newly married, and she was head over heels in love with him. She catered to his every need during dinner. She sat on his lap at one point. She wanted to dance every dance. And at the end of the night, when they left, he had had to leave Torie behind and go home with his wife. He was lucky that they had come to the barn raising with another couple because he had no idea where they would have gone otherwise. They were dropped off at their modest farm just before dark.
Amelia had been giddy from all the dancing and activities, and he soon found out that she was also horny as hell. She nearly attacked him before they even got inside the house, and he tried to calm her advances by going out to check on the livestock in the barn. He didn’t even know if he had any livestock in the barn! After he messed around out there as long as possible, pacing back and forth across the dirt floor, petting a cow for a while, he eventually came back to the house only to find that Amelia had retired and was waiting for him in bed!
He took his time removing his suspenders, boots, pants and finally his shirt, leaving on his drawers. He kept hoping that he would wake up and be home but—it didn’t happen. As he busied himself pretending to look for something on the chest of drawers across the room, he took a look in a small mirror atop the dresser and saw that he was young, probably about twenty-five or less. He had a mustache and longer light-brown hair in need of a decent haircut, but he could pass for good-looking, he decided.
Running out of excuses to delay and actually pretty exhausted from all the work on the barn, he came to bed, turned down the lantern, and climbed in. He turned on his side away from Amelia and bid her a quiet good night, but she wasn’t about to let it go at that. She was spooning up against him in no time.
“Andy, I want you,” she whispered in the dark.
“Amelia, I’m too tired,” he said but her closeness was beginning to have an effect on him, against his will. Dave had the feeling that Andrew’s desire for her was actually fueling his. He didn’t feel that he was particularly aroused by her. He actually felt like he was betraying Torie. He didn’t want Amelia, but he couldn’t seem to stop his reaction.
“Please, Andy,” Amelia begged with such longing in her voice that Dave couldn’t take it; he turned over, and then she was kissing him and he was running his hands over her slim young body.
Oh, what the hell; this isn’t me, was his last thought before he forgot everything else and decided to make the most of the situation.



Chapter 29


As the final scene of Poltergeist ended, where the TV was rolled out of the motel room and the credits started scrolling, I clicked off the DVD.
“So what do you think?”
Dave was slouched on the sofa with my legs across his lap and was running his hands up and down my bare thighs.
I sat up, turned to sit sideways on the sofa, and tucked my legs up, leaning against his hip as he reclined with his feet up on the coffee table. He shrugged, reached out to take hold of my shoulders and bring me to him for a kiss, and then chuckled.
“What? So you think the house is gonna crumple up and be sucked out into the cornfields?”
“Not that part. Do you think the house could be built on hallowed ground?”
“No,” he said decidedly, “and even if it were, it would be Indians that would be haunting us, not our families.”
“What about our families trying to tell us something…”
“Torie, baby, just stop trying to figure it out and enjoy the ride.” He sat up and then squeezed my leg as he stood and went to the DVD player to eject the movie. “Let’s run into Oskie and return this. We can grab lunch.” He waved the jewel case in my direction.
“I think we need to consider…”
“I don’t see the problem. I’m enjoying the warps, even if I do make a fool out of myself sometimes when I don’t know who I am or where I am. I’m finding out so much about the way things were constructed—and farming. I had no idea about what was really required to get a field cleared or a crop in the ground.”
“Yeah, right, crops! When you left the dance the other night with Amelia, you seemed to figure out what to do with her pretty quick. You plowed her field!” I spat with irritation.
“Torie, that was two days ago. I wish I wouldn’t have let you get that out of me. Again, babe, what was I supposed to do? She was my wife.”
“Of course she just happened to be the most beautiful woman in town,” I said grumpily. “You couldn’t have had a headache?”
He gave me one of his smokin’ hot, sexy looks. “I love you, Beautiful.”
He approached the sofa and bent to kiss me, and I gave him a smooch. Clearly, he was not going to apologize for his indiscretion and seemed pretty darn pleased with himself regarding his Amelia experience. “Oh, stop that smirking,” I ordered with a smile, as he pulled me off the sofa by my hands.
“Let’s go,” he said, shooing me toward the door by giving my butt a gentle swat.

***

It was a blast—so much fun to live in two worlds. When Dave and I started cohabitating at my house every night, it became pretty complicated, too. He was not as educated about the people of old Fremont, and so often, I would need to cover for him because he didn’t know who everyone was.
Sometimes, I would need to let him figure it out for himself, depending on who he was, because he would be someone who was totally unassociated with me. I usually could tell it was Dave by the deer-in-the-headlights look he would have.
He had so much more difficulty trying to figure out if I was in a warp with him. He decided we needed a signal so that we could communicate with each other as to who we were. It wasn’t easy being in a roomful of strangers and trying to figure out if anyone wasn’t right when you had no idea who was right.
Anyway, Dave’s stroke of genius was to sign—like a third-base coach. He stood in glorious nakedness on the bed above me one morning after an extremely difficult warp.
“You look like that movie Thelma and Louise when Brad Pitt was showing Geena Davis how he did a stickup, but I think he had pants on,” I laughed.
“Stop!” he scolded. “Now watch me.”
He started this very complicated routine, touching his nose, his ear, his nose again, and then his shoulder.
I had to laugh out loud and raised my hand like an overachiever in a grade-school classroom. “Oh—oh! I know! Tom Hanks—Field of Dreams!”
“It was League of Their Own,” he corrected me, got pissed that I had distracted him, and continued, “Damn it, Torie! We aren’t playing charades. I’m trying to do something here.”
He seriously tried to start another signing cornucopia that quickly dissolved into this sexy but comical, over-the-top routine.
“You expect us to be doing all this craziness while we are sitting in a church or riding in a buggy with a bunch of people?”
“Hey, you got a better idea?” he laughed, pantomiming as he continued. “Last night, I was walking up to every woman and looking into her eyes and saying, ‘Torie…Torie, is that you?’ You don’t think that was a little awkward?”
“It was pretty funny, though. When your great-grandmother asked someone to fetch her smelling salts and told you to sit down and rest. ‘Take it easy, Jasper. Could be the heat got to you,’” I mimicked, in my best old lady voice. “I thought I was going to bust, trying to hold in the laughter.”
“Yeah, and thanks for the assist, love of my life.” He lowered himself down before me, pinning my body under his.
“How about like on The Carol Burnett Show?” I suggested, running my hands along the swell of his back and over his muscular backside. “Remember that auto-biography we watched about her last week? How at the end of her show, she would always pull on her ear? It was a signal to an aunt or something like that.”
“Yeah, okay, that might be better,” he conceded, dryly. “Okay, that’s what it will be then. Pull of an earlobe.”

***

But even though we had a lot to contend with trying to navigate the town of Fremont anywhere from eighty to a hundred and fifty years in the past, we had some awesome experiences.
One warp in particular was devastatingly beautiful for us both, and the combination of euphoria and melancholy that we experienced when it was over lasted for days and brought us even closer together. During the warp, I was my great-grandaunt Ivy Wyman McFall and Dave was her first husband, Joshua McFall. We warped in at almost the same time and we were alone in their house for hours together.
When I arrived at that warp, it was early morning and I was standing at the sheers of a bedroom window, holding them back and looking out to a yard. The trees inside the white picket fencing were covered in pink blossoms. A light breeze blowing across the yard was causing the blossoms to fall like pink-tinged snow upon the grass. The sky was cloudless and brilliant blue. Newly planted fields of crops in the distance stretched out to the horizon.
I turned from the window, letting the sheer drop back into place and noticed that I was holding a white nightgown in my hands, held over my breasts for modesty’s sake although I was alone. I looked about the room. It was a perfect Victorian bedroom. The bed had an ornately carved oak head and foot board. A thick embroidered comforter was bunched up at the end of the bed and white sheets looked as though the occupants had just risen, leaving their impressions in the pillows and bedding.
The dresser was draped by an ivory lace doily. I approached to admire the wedding photograph in a gilded frame, which was the exact moment when I figured out that I was Ivy. The tintype was her wedding day with husband Joshua McFall. He was sitting proudly in a chair as she stood at his right with her hand resting upon his shoulder. It was a family heirloom I had in my possession in the real world.
Beside the oak dresser was a large oval floor mirror and I paused there next to look at my reflection. I was probably in my very early twenties. Long and loose light brown hair fell over my shoulders. I had lovely facial features with midnight-blue eyes. I was still clutching the gown to the front of my body and moved it to look at my figure and then gasped as I saw the rounded stomach. I was at least six or seven months pregnant. I held my rounded abdomen as I stood sideways and looked into the mirror and felt the movement of a child inside me. It was very shocking to have this sudden sensation of something I had never known in my own life or body.
Before I even had a chance to process this, I heard the slap of a screen door somewhere in the house, and then footsteps with a determined stride heading in my direction across hardwood floors.
“I-vy,” a man called softly, enticingly as he approached the room, separating the name into two long drawn out syllables.
The steps halted abruptly just outside the bedroom door and then there was total quiet.
“Oh shit!” I heard the man hiss. “Where the hell…”
Even though it was a completely different voice, I knew immediately that it was Dave, arriving with his usual flair—ha, ha.
I clutched the gown to the front of me and peeked out the door into the hallway to see Joshua McFall standing in uncertainty, looking totally lost. He was dressed in just pants and boots. His suspenders were dangling down. It looked as though he had hurriedly dressed for some reason.
I said softly, “Dave,” drawing his attention.
“Torie, thank God! Where are we and…” his voice trailed off as I moved the gown to hold it at my side and stepped from behind the doorframe into the hallway so he could see me completely.
He looked at my body and the obvious mound of my stomach, “Oh my God! You’re pregnant!”
“It’s Katie,” I said, touching my stomach.
Dave shook his head, not understanding.
I reached out and took his hand and led him to the bedroom, showing him our wedding photograph as I tried to explain. He got distracted, looking to his image in the floor mirror. He reached to touch his shoulder length brown hair and then smoothed his mustache. He turned back to me, trying to focus as he took in everything about the warp as quickly as he could process it.
“Sorry. You were saying…”
“Remember at the gazebo? When you were Wyatt and you sat next to me and the girl with blonde pigtails? She sat right next to you and me on the blanket.”
“I remember the girl but…”
I smoothed my hand over my stomach and laughed softly. “This is her.”
“How can you possibly know that?” he wondered in amazement.
“She was their only child, Dave. I am my great-grandaunt Ivy Wyman McFall and you are your great-granduncle Joshua McFall. He died just a couple of months after Katie was born. He was out hunting alone and died when his gun discharged as he climbed over a barbed-wire fence.”
“This is too much to handle, Torie. I am feeling really overwhelmed for some reason,” Dave admitted. “So this is our house. Are we alone?” he lowered his voice, fearing all at once, he might be overheard.
I nodded. “I’m sure we are. When I arrived I was looking out the window. I think I was anxiously awaiting your return.”
I looked at his state of undress. “I think you must have run out to do chores and were on your way back to me. Your footsteps meant business as you approached the bedroom.” I moved the gown again, exposing my nakedness. “I think they were planning some early morning delight.”
It was the most unusual sensation. I was feeling my love and desire for Dave and feeling a very deep sense of Ivy’s love for Joshua. I think it must have been what Dave was feeling also. The reason he was feeling overwhelmed, just as I was. Tears came to my eyes as I felt the baby move inside me again very strong and I gasped.
“Are you okay?” Dave reached to take me gently in his arms.
I touched my abdomen, which was moving beneath my hand. I reached for his hand and laid it upon the movement and we both looked into each other’s eyes.
“Wow!” he whispered. “Hey, don’t cry sweetheart. Torie, please…”
“I’m fine. I’m just feeling very emotional.” I reached out and moved his hand, placing it on the new location of movement as the baby changed positions again. I closed my eyes and felt the sensations that were so new to me, but so beautiful. With my eyes still closed, I put my arms around Joshua’s neck and kissed him. Dave kissed me back, moving to wrap me in his arms as I dropped the gown to the floor, and we just held each other, kissing warmly. It was so familiar, it was Dave’s kiss, but so foreign at the same time.
“Torie, I can feel his love for them inside me. He loved Ivy and this baby very much,” he whispered against my mouth, while running his hands over my back.
“I feel it, too. I feel Ivy’s love for them and my love for you. It’s so much emotion—it’s hard to bear,” I whispered smoothing my hands over his muscular back as he cradled me against him. “It’s so sad to think he will die in a matter of months and be buried in Cedar. Think of everything he missed. He was just twenty-three when he died.” I moved back to touch his face and kissed his cheek gently. “He looks so young.”
“She does, too. They were just kids,” he murmured, kissing my cheek softly. “What year is it?”
I thought for a moment, thinking about my family tree and Katie. “It must be spring of 1891, I think.”
As we stood there in the bedroom and Dave held me in his arms, the desire and need I felt for him was intense. I slid my hands down his smooth, muscular chest and then reached to unbutton his pants, but he took hold of my hands, stopping me.
“No, Torie, we can’t. You’re pregnant—what about the baby?”
I laughed softly. “It’s fine. People make love all the time when they’re pregnant.”
“Not a hundred years ago,” he argued. “What if something would happen to you or the baby? What would we do?”
I stepped back and pointed out my slim, naked, and very pregnant figure. “I think they were planning this—I know they were. Don’t worry, please. Dave, you met Katie when she was a girl. Nothing will happen. Katie will be fine, and Ivy lived to be a very old woman.”
I took his hand and led him to the bed that was rumpled from our night’s rest, and I lay down and slid to the center, resting my head on a feather pillow.
“Make love to me, Joshua,” I whispered. His name flowed out naturally and it surprised me. It was Ivy speaking and our desires were the same—both wanting our men. I could really sense we were both inhabiting the same time and place at that moment.
Dave looked around the room and crossed to a washstand, pouring some water from a pitcher into a bowl. He used soap to clean his hands and dried them on a towel. I watched as he stepped out of his boots and stripped off his pants. He crawled onto the bed and sat on his heels next to me, smoothing both his hands over my abdomen. He bent to plant gentle kisses, sprinkling them all over my stomach and then laid his head on my mound with his ear against it, listening. I reached to smooth his long hair as a tear slipped from my eye to run down my temple.
Dave felt the baby shift and as my stomach changed shape beneath him, he lifted his head with a smile and looked to my face. He saw the tears sparkling in my eyes.
“Ivy, my love, don’t cry, please,” he said. “I mean Torie, honey, I’m so sorry! This is almost too intense to take,” he apologized as he shook his head in confusion. He moved to rise above me, bracing on one arm and wiped my tears, kissing me gently. “I love you, Torie.”
“Make love to me Dave, please,” I whispered against his mouth, cradling his face and placing gentle kisses on his lips as my tears welled up again. “I need you so much right now.” My breathing hitched as I fought to hold in a sob.
Dave touched his forehead against mine. “Shhh… Okay—okay.”


It was sometime later, as we lay in the warmth of our spent love that Dave reached for my hand and laced his fingers with mine. Smoothing our joined hands over my abdomen, Dave kissed my shoulder, and in Joshua’s voice said softly, “I love you.” The words were filled with a whisper of such deep emotion, almost as if the man whose life was lost too soon was sending a message—wafting gently across a century of time and space to his Ivy. It was intense, beautiful, and pure love.



Chapter 30


August 26, 2012
From: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
To: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
Subject: Meeting you!

Dear Claire,
Hey, world’s greatest assistant. I have been home in Iowa for a while now. I haven’t heard a peep out of you, so I thought I would write and thank you again for all your help and great company at the signing. Those can be kind of a drag for me but the time spent with you will go down in history as my all-time favorite book signing event! If you feel like it, feel free to write me anytime or as often as you like. I will look forward to hearing from you.

TTFN
Your friend,
Torie

***

August 31, 2012
From: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
To: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
Subject: Re: Meeting you!

Dear Torie,
Hi! I was so happy to get an email from you. It was so great to meet you and Jimmy Thomas. I wanted to thank you also for a great memory! I have had my e-reader all charged up forever and will be reading starting tonight. I had to go to the hospital a few days ago and ended up stuck in there. Something about my lung function—I try to ignore all that. I am trying to stay occupied. Hence…the reading shall commence!

TTFN
Claire

***

September 1, 2012
From: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
To: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
Subject: Re: Meeting you!

Dear Claire,
Yes, reading is the best medicine! I say take two books and call me in the morning—sorry, a play on some corny old saying I heard somewhere. I am glad that you are out of the hospital, honey. I was a little concerned when you hadn’t written me. The doctors probably didn’t want you to be doing anything like that, huh?
Okay—I got a little romantic thing for you, since being a writer, you will appreciate this. When I got back to my room after our day together, Dave was waiting in the hallway of my hotel. He drove all the way from Iowa to be with me. Awww!
If I ever decide to write something other than historical romance, I’ll have to include that little gem, I think. It wouldn’t work in the horse-and-buggy days quite as well. You know? It would probably take like two weeks to get from Iowa to Illinois on horseback. You’ll need to consider those kinds of things when you start to write your novel. You will be amazed at all the things you need to learn and consider as you write. Using words and sayings that don’t fit with the times…that is the hardest thing to overcome when writing historical romance, for me anyway.

I am going to make a chocolate run to the convenience store now.
TTFN, Sweetie!! Take care of yourself and tell your D & M hi!
Torie

***

September 3, 2012
From: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
To: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
Subject: Book Reviews
<attachment>

Dear Torie,
Great choice regarding On the Island! I finished it in two days, and it was just perfect! I could relate to T.J. so much, and the love story was so hot! I found the author’s fan page on Facebook and left a little note, and she wrote me back. Most of my teenage life I have spent in hospitals and feeling sick, and I let her know that she got that part totally right.
Even though I’m not feeling very good right now, my hair is starting to grow a bit and my eyebrows, too. I have dark-brown hair. I don’t think you know that about me. I am attaching a photo of me from when I was about 15 before I got sick the first time.
Now on to Shanna next, and I’ll give you a review. This may take some time. It’s like 700 pages! Dang!

Love,
Claire

Oh and P.S.: I got an email from Jimmy. It was so nice of him to do that. I know you are all busy people with jet-setting around the world and all. That you take time for someone like me is so amazing. It means the world to me, Torie. It really does.

***

September 3, 2012
From: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
To: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
Subject: Re: Book Reviews
<attachment>

Dear Claire,
I am so glad you liked my recommendation. And yes, Shanna is an epic-sized read but well worth it. Just let yourself drink in all the beautiful details she fills her pages with. I am anxious to get your opinion of Shanna and Ruark. I wonder if you will have the same opinion of their relationship as I do. Warning! Pretty smokin’ hot love scenes ahead!
The picture of you is beautiful. You have the most amazing sky-blue eyes. I hope you know that. Actually, I didn’t really even notice you didn’t have hair when we were together in Chicago. Okay, maybe at first, but after a few minutes, all I could see was the wonderful young woman inside.
As for the comment about jet-setting! Hey, girl, I live in a little spit of a town that has no grocery store, one combination gas station / convenience store, and yesterday a big old brown cow was standing in my garden, eating my fall bounty! Not really, I got no fall bounty this year, but it was eating my grass! Very glamorous, huh!? I had to call Dave, and he had to leave his job about five miles away and come to my rescue. Doesn’t sound like a romance scene, does it? Oh, but it was—nothing more romantic than a man wrestling with a wild beast for you.
Actually, he just put a rope around its neck and walked it up the road to the farm it had escaped from. It was as gentle as a puppy dog. Pretty darn funny—so glamour?—NOT!
I’m jealous you got an email from Jimmy! Isn’t he the best though? I have asked him to schedule his photo shoot for OUR (yours and mine) book cover. I’m basing my hero on Dave, and I think we just gotta have a Jimmy for the cover, don’t you? I know you will agree. I absolutely can’t wait to see him in a Union soldier uniform. Yum! Speaking of which, do you ever watch You Tube? Look up the official You Tube video by Fun for “Some Nights”. I swear I listen to that thing over and over for hours while I write our novel. It sets the perfect mood for me. You will know why when you watch it.
I have your poem placed in the text (looks awesome!!). Still struggling with a title for the book, and actually, as I have been writing, I keep thinking that the leading lady needs to be Claire, with dark-brown hair and bright-blue eyes…Hmmm, what do you think? I have attached the first 2 chapters for you to critique for me, and hey…be brutally honest, okay? Being a writer yourself, your opinion is important to me. Don’t have to read it right away. Ruark and Shanna are waiting!

Much love to you, girl! Tell your mom and dad hello!
Torie

***

As I hit the sleep switch for my computer, rose, and looked across to Dave, who sat amidst a mountain of pillows and white bedding, watching television, the most contented feeling came over me. He felt my eyes on him and looked to me. He opened his arms toward me in a welcoming gesture, and I slipped out of my tank top and dropped my boxers. I switched off the overhead light, casting the room into the soft glow of the dimmed bedside lamps.
“Uh-oh—I think I’m in for some lovin’,” Dave announced in his sexier-than-hell casual way, grabbing the remote and turning off the television.
I walked to the foot of the bed and playfully grabbed the sheet, slowly drawing it off him. He settled back, put his hands behind his head, crossed his legs at the ankle, and grinned, allowing me to have my way with the covers.
“Do your worst, beautiful. I’m all yours,” he chuckled as the covers slipped below his hips.
“I love you, David Samuel Cameron,” I sighed, watching the play of the light across his biceps, his well-defined pecs, flat stomach and the tight ridge of muscle along his waist and across his lower abdomen. I pulled the sheet the rest of the way off, dropped it to the floor, reached to touch his calves and then crawled onto the bed.



Chapter 31


The times in Grandma Rose’s house were always special. I was just blown away, walking through the rooms, preparing and having meals with the family, evenings sitting outside in warm weather and all the family talking about their days as well as news from town. Watching it all unfold as they carved out their place in Fremont during a century and a half of living.
But then one warp—the fun ended, and it got a little too real. I had no mirror, but by looking at the young, un-marred skin of my hands and the dark-brown locks that hung over my chest, I knew. I was my great-grandaunt Mahala Wyman who shared a headstone with Judson and Rose. She died at twenty-one of heart failure, known as dropsy back then.
I warped in, arriving in the back bedroom, facing the barn. I was in bed, and my pillows propped me up so I could see out the window. It was the same window that I had a photograph of with the barn and draft team. That was my other clue. I knew from other times there, that this was Mahala’s bedroom.
This was also very unsettling. This was what my mom had died of six years ago. I knew now part of what my mom had endured. I felt ill. I could feel the illness in my body. I was weak and dizzy. I was in a long-sleeved cotton nightgown with blue blossoms and I was bedridden. Although I was covered only with a light sheet, my legs felt heavy and immovable, as if a heavy comforter or something was over them. The air was cool. I could hear birds singing outside. A light breeze ruffled the curtains at the window.
I seemed to observe all this in a split second because then I became aware of the weight, as a person sat down beside me and I looked over to see a man dressed in a black suit. He put a stethoscope in his ears, unbuttoned my gown and placed the disc over my chest, listening to my heart. He was Dr. Jacob Krout. He had been the doctor in Fremont for more than forty-three years. He looked young, and was probably in his early thirties. I had seen several photographs of him which people had added to his Findagrave memorial. He was buried in Cedar with his family. His wife Mary Alice was a Dinsmore.
He quietly listened to my heart as I studied his kind face.
“Take a deep breath, Mahala,” he requested. “And another. Good.” He smiled kindly at me and buttoned my gown. “I will be making the rounds to see your sister Ivy when I leave here. She and Joshua are sure looking forward to that little one. I don’t think I have ever seen a couple more anxious for a child.”
The doctor looked from me to some point at my left and I became aware that someone was holding my hand. My great-great-grandma Rose was sitting beside me in a chair.
“We are all looking forward to that new grand baby,” Rose said, patting my hand. “I think Mahala more than anyone. How is your family, Dr. Krout? Mary Alice and little Erma.”
“Everyone is just fine. Erma will be going on ten years next month.”
The doctor looked back to me and smiled. “I will stop again tomorrow,” he assured, rising and taking his stethoscope from his neck to place it into his medical bag on the floor beside him.
“I’ll see you out, Doctor,” Rose offered.
“I can see myself out, Rose.” He patted her shoulder and walked to the door. “Until tomorrow.”
Rose turned her attention back to me as the bedroom door closed softy and I noticed she had a bible open in her lap. She began reading to me from some chapter. I have no idea what chapter it was. The good book wasn’t one of those on my book shelf. I hadn’t cracked a bible since I was confirmed at thirteen years old. Rose finished the passage and then lifted my hand and kissed the back gently.
“Mahala, you are the light of my life, sweetheart. I want you to know that. I love you so much. We will read and pray every day until you are well. I have faith in God. You need to have faith and believe.”
“I will, Mother. Mother, what day is it?”
“Friday, April 10.”
“What year?”
She looked at me as though fearing I was having a fit or something. She touched my forehead gently, searching for fever. I was almost certain I knew the year because the doctor mentioned Ivy being anxious to deliver Katie, but I just wanted it confirmed.
“Eighteen ninety-one, sweet,”
Mahala Wyman died on April 11, 1891.
I had her obituary at home, from the Gazette and it contained a poem I had memorized, written by Grandma Rose, just days from this time warp.

One chair is vacant in our home
Dear Mahala no more is there
Oh, how we miss her smiling face
We miss her everywhere.

She suffered long here below
In this world of sin and pain
Although we miss her very much
Our loss is but her gain

She left us here to weep and mourn-
She has crossed to that heavenly shore,
Where sickness, sorrow, pain and death,
Are not and feared no more.

We mourn for our departed one
Why, we cannot tell;
Her absence darkens our old home,
She has gone to Heaven to dwell.

I felt a sudden panic set in. I had no control over how long this would continue. I had no idea if I would still be here the next day or warp out before she died. I didn’t know what time of the day she died. Could I be in her body when she died? And would I die in the real world if I were to die here? These time warps were not fun anymore. They were getting deadly serious.

***

I came awake with a jolt. When I opened my eyes, Dave was beside me with his head on my pillow next to me gazing at me. Warm sunlight spilled over his face, and he smiled at me.
“Good morning. I’ve been watching you sleep.” He reached to move a strand of my hair from my face.
“I was warping, not sleeping,” I said quietly. “Dave, I’m afraid. I don’t think this is going to end until something bad happens to one of us.”
“What makes you say that?”
I snuggled up close beside him, kissed his throat, and held in his strong, sheltering arms related what I had just experienced in Mahala’s room. He listened thoughtfully, but when I was done, he dismissed it.
“You didn’t die. You came back,” he reassured me.
“I wasn’t dying during the warp, but what if I had been? We don’t know what this is. I could have died in my sleep, and you wouldn’t have known anything about what had happened to me there.”
“It isn’t real, Torie. It is real, but we haven’t had anything happen there that has fed through to us here. Except for the items you brought back, but that was intentional.”
“I don’t want to stay here at night anymore. You don’t understand…”
“Sweetheart, let’s go take a long, hot shower together. We can get cleaned up and go for breakfast at the diner. What do you say?”
I could hear the click of nails on hardwood and lifted my head to see Shadow lope into the bedroom. He was all teeth, tongue, and doggy smiles as he rounded the bed to my side. Then his front paws were on the bed and his cold wet nose was sniffing and snuffling the back of my neck.
I screamed, and Dave laughed, holding me in restraint. “Good boy, Shadow! Let’s get this sleepyhead out of bed. Nothing like a cold nose, huh, Torie?” he laughed and tickled my hip bones as Shadow jumped onto the bed to join in the fun.
“Dave! Shadow! You idiots,” I laughed and scrambled over Dave’s frame, leaving the two behind as I headed to the bathroom. I looked back to see Dave giving Shadow a big hug.
“How’s my boy, huh? How’s my boy?” Dave asked him in his cutest dog voice—that special voice people always seemed to change to when they were talking to pets or babies.



Chapter 32


I turned the handle and opened the door while Dave stood on the porch keeping tabs on Shadow, who had bolted past me and was busy doing his business on the front yard.
“Come on, Shadow! Hurry up! We got a football game to watch. Let’s go, Hawks!” he hooted, as if that would speed up nature’s call.
I closed the door to keep the chill out and dropped the house keys in the bowl on the stand, beside the sofa.
Dave opened the door as I was on my way to the kitchen. I felt a need for another cup of coffee even though I’d had two cups at the diner as we enjoyed our brunch.
After I had it going, I opened my laptop and leaned at the center island while I checked my email. I had one that I thought was from Claire.

September 8, 2012
From: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
To: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
Subject: From Claire’s Mom

Dear Torie,
Claire passed to her final reward this morning at approximately 2:00 a.m. while in her sleep. The paramedics and her doctor, who responded to our call, told us she hadn’t suffered. She just quietly slipped away. We were not expecting it so soon or so suddenly. We hoped to have her through Christmas. We thought we still had time. But God had other plans for his newest angel.
Meeting you in Chicago last month was truly the highlight of Claire’s young life. She talked about that day constantly, and she had been looking forward to and thinking about the future again. Her goal was to become a writer one day.
The services will be at the United Brethren Church at 801 Merced St. in Downer’s Grove’s, IL, on Tuesday, September 11, 2012, at 2:00 p.m.
I wanted to give you this information, and please feel no obligation, but you are most welcome should you decide to attend.
When we found Claire this morning, her computer was open on her nightstand and she was working on an email to you, apparently dropping off to sleep before she could finish. I am sending that email to you separately and wanted you to know the circumstances, from me, before I sent it on.
Thank you for caring about our daughter and the generous donation to the Make-A-Wish Foundation in the form of payment for her poem, which will go a long way in making other ill children’s wishes come true.
I met with the lawyer from your representative’s firm just last Thursday to finalize the court documents for The Neumann Mills 2012 Charity Trust. This was something else that Claire was very excited about and proud of, as she tells you in the email that will follow.
Sincerest regards and best wishes for your continued success,
Claire’s mom
Bill and Marilyn Neumann

I couldn’t speak when Dave came into the kitchen upon hearing my sobs. He had me in his arms and just held me as I sobbed into his chest.
“Claire died,” I finally croaked after a few minutes.
He was still holding me, but I knew that he was looking over my head and reading a portion of the email. “Oh, Torie, I am so sorry. I know how much you cared for her.”
“Dave, can we go to the funeral in Chicago on Tuesday?”
“Of course, I’ll run up and get us a flight from the upstairs computer right now. Are you going to be okay?”
I reached for a tissue from the box near the sink and wiped my eyes, nodding even though another sob was racking me.
As Dave hurried upstairs, I took out my cell phone, which still had the photo of Claire, Jimmy, and me as the background and dialed Marilyn’s phone number.
“Hello?” It was Claire’s dad.
“Bill, this is Torie Mills, and I don’t want to bother your family at this time, but I wanted to let you know that I’ll be at the funeral Tuesday and to let you know that I am so very sorry for your loss.”
“Torie, thank you. Here, Claire’s mom would like to speak with you.”
“Torie?”
“Hi, Marilyn, I don’t want to bother your family, but I needed to give you my heartfelt sympathy and to tell you I will see you Tuesday,” I blubbered. “She was a wonderful young woman. You should be very proud of her.”
“Thank you so much and I think that Claire would appreciate you being there, Torie. Let’s be sure we connect at the funeral. We will be having a dinner after and I would be so happy if you would join us. We can talk more about that when I see you Tuesday. You need a ride from the airport?”
“No, Marilyn,” I said through my tears, amazed that she was thinking of my transportation needs at a time like this. “I have it handled. I’ll see you then.”
“Thank you for calling, Torie. Good-bye.”
I had to get through another wave of sobs and then brought my computer and sat at the dining room table. I looked at the email and the unopened envelope waiting for me. I just sat there, trying to muster up the courage.
Dave trotting down the stairs drew my attention. He came to place a kiss on the crown of my head. He put the flight confirmation and hotel reservation before me.
“We leave Monday at 2:00 p.m.,” he said. “Returning at 10:00 a.m. Wednesday morning.”
He tipped my head back and kissed my lips gently. “I love you, Torie. I’m so sorry, babe.”
“I know, Dave. I just need to get the courage up now to read the email she was writing me last night before she passed away.”
“Do you want me to read it first? Or read it to you?” he offered.
I shook my head. “No, I will. Go ahead and watch the Hawkeyes. You’re missing it.”
He kissed my forehead and did as I asked, leaving me in the dining room alone to read the email while he went back to the football game.

***

September 7, 2012
From: Claire <clairen1994@aol.com>
To: Torie Mills <toriewrites@aol.com>
Subject: First Two Chapters

Dear Torie,
I have started Shanna and am at the part where they are arriving at her home and she doesn’t know yet that Ruark is alive. I love it! You were right about all the detail. It’s really good.
I couldn’t wait, and I read the two chapters of your new book practically as soon as you emailed them to me. It is wonderful! Of course! I can already see that Nathan and Amanda are going to have a wonderful love affair. I couldn’t agree more about the poem. It fits perfectly. It’s really a lot like Amanda. You know, the way she loves all things, if you know what I mean. I feel kinda goofy tonight, like I had too much sugar or something.
If you want to change her name to Claire, Torie—I would be very happy about that. It will give me a little immortality, you know? Having my poem published in your book, which is sure to be a best seller, I will have millions of people reading it. Very cool!
Regarding the money for MAW, Liz called and said that some people have already been helped because of me. There was a boy with cancer that lives in Chicago, close to where I live, I think. He wanted to fly in a helicopter, and he was able to do that just yesterday. It was always his one thing he wanted. Just like meeting you was mine. Mom said that the trust is all set up and ready to start helping others as well. It is just so cool to think of all those we may help, isn’t it?
I hope that you and Dave have a long and happy life together, Torie. I hope you appreciate each other and live your life together as passionately as Beau and Melody. And if I get well, or if I don’t, maybe in my next life, I will still be owed one soul mate who will find me someday, somehow.
I am so tired. I’ll finish this tomorrow…



Chapter 33


The parking lot of the United Brethren Church in Downer’s Grove’s, Illinois, was filled almost to overflowing as Dave and I found a spot and parked our rental car. I flipped the mirror down and checked my appearance. I didn’t have any eye makeup or mascara on my eyes. I had already cried once this morning as we prepared at the hotel.
Dave rounded the car and opened my door, extending his hand to assist me out.
“You holdin’ up babe?” he asked with concern. The light breeze caught my hair, and he smoothed a wisp off my face and kissed my forehead.
“I’m fine,” I assured him. I straightened his black tie and ran my hand along the lapel of his dark-gray suit coat. “Let’s go.”
I took his proffered arm, and we crossed the lot following a stream of other mourners. As we entered the lobby, we were handed pamphlets with several beautiful photographs of Claire at different stages of her short life: one as a baby lying on her stomach, huge blue eyes and a smile that was endless; another as a child of about ten; and also the photo that she had emailed me of her at about fifteen with her long dark-brown hair spilling over her shoulders.
We followed along the line then as young girls stood beside several poster boards on easels which were full of Claire and family in hundreds of poses and situations. Her entire time on earth, laid out, so all could see and share a glimpse of a life well lived. At the top, along the center board, it had her birth and death year and just below in bright fluorescent blue, purple, and pink marker with glitter all around “In Celebration of Claire Elizabeth Neumann.”
Claire had been to Mexico, to an ocean shore and made a sand castle on a sunny day, to the very top of Pike’s Peak and to the center of the suspension bridge at Royal Gorge. She had spent time at Walt Disney World, ridden horses, swam, played the piano, played softball, was a Girl Scout, gone fishing, and had at least two slumber parties with girlfriends as they camped out in front of a television with a big bowl of popcorn.
She obviously loved her two younger siblings, a boy and a girl, very much, and there were many photographs of them sharing laughs and hugs on Christmas mornings. There were Easter egg hunts and family picnics and birthdays—lots and lots of birthdays. She was seated about eight years old in a generational photograph with her parents and each of their sets of parents and a generation of great-grandparents just behind her mother.
Dave and I slowly admired each board, and when finished, he took my hand in the crook of his arm, and we entered the large modern sanctuary of the United Brethren Church which was sure to fill to capacity.
An usher showed us to a seat, and we walked along the pew, moving to the inside. I sat next to a blonde teenage girl, who was sniffling. Her mother had a sheltering arm about her shoulders. I could guess that she was probably a close friend of Claire. She looked to be about the same age.
The background music, which had been produced by an organist at the front of the sanctuary, ended after the family was ushered slowly to their reserved area at the front of the room. Once they were seated, a song began to play over the speakers from some unknown source. It was The Band Perry and their song “If I Die Young”. It was perfect but such a heartbreaking choice, and I couldn’t help but think Claire or maybe one of her friends had chosen this song—someone who knew how she longed for true love.
The light oak-stained casket covered by a large spray of pink roses made its way to the front of the sanctuary as the words of the song brought tears to many of those in attendance.
Dave wrapped an arm around my shoulders as I dabbed at my eyes, barely keeping my composure.



Chapter 34


I shuffled through the papers in the wire stand next to the front door as I entered the S.S. Kresge store. I could see my reflection in the plate glass window as we came in from the bright sunlight. I was probably thirteen; I had brown hair, pimples, and a poodle skirt above my saddle shoes and bobby socks. I was stumped. I had no idea who I was. The woman with me was probably mid-forties, blonde, in a lemon-yellow-striped dress with a short hairdo. She reminded me of June Cleaver. All she was missing was a string of pearls.
I was looking for today’s newspaper so I could figure out the date—always important information. I looked at the papers available. This was odd. The only paper in the rack was the Eddyville Times. Was I in Eddyville? If so, this was a completely new location for a warp. This was the far side of Mahaska County. Eddyville actually intersected with three counties; Mahaska, Monroe, and Wapello. Eddyville straddled all three. I was definitely not in Fremont or vicinity. I was very confused by this, and in my head I struggled to make sense of it. I looked to the date to the far right of the headline, Friday, July 3, 1959.
This was the latest of any time warps I had experienced. It seemed pretty benign. I was in Eddyville shopping—easy breezy. Except that I was totally out of my element. I ran the date over and over in my mind, mentally bringing up my family tree and trying to consider all possibilities.
“Mom, Bridget says Barbara and Ricky aren’t going to be on the Thompson float; they are waiting at the campgrounds. They have to go with us, right?” I heard the unfamiliar voice of a young woman speaking loudly, as she brushed past me, heading for the checkouts that were just a short distance away. But what she had just said, the two sentences she had uttered as she joined a group of people, talking loudly to gain her mother’s attention, were epic.
The group she joined of attractive, mostly blond haired people all looked very similar with their green eyes and pronounced cheek bones. As the girl pushed past her siblings, it all came together for me, at least part of the puzzle. These were the Thompson’s. The girl with the attitude had to be nineteen-year-old Suzanna, the oldest of the five kids. I had never met these cousins, but we were all descended from the Mills line. I had seen their photos, though. I knew that their faces had been splashed across newspapers throughout Iowa and the entire nation.
Suzanna joined her mother as she unloaded a shopping cart at the checkouts; continuing to complain about her siblings and I felt a creepy feeling tighten in my stomach as strolling around the corner of an aisle came their father, a hulking blond tower of a man, Mark Thompson. He smiled at Suzanna and assured her that every member of the family would be on the family float for the July 4 parade at Craton or there would be no fireworks display for any of them.
“Ha, ha!” Suzanna smirked at the kids. “Told you so!”
I knew the face of Mark James Thompson. I knew the face of his wife, Cindy, my blood cousin and the only dark haired member of the family. I knew the children: nineteen-year-old Suzanna, seventeen-year-old twins Bridget and Barbara, sixteen-year-old Tim, and eleven-year-old Ricky. By the end of this summer day in 1959, the entire family would be dead. Murdered by their own husband and father, and he would be on the run for his life from the authorities. It was so creepy, seeing them all.
June Cleaver took my hand, and we approached the family as they were finishing up at the check-out line.
“Why, Mark and Cindy Thompson—fancy meeting you here,” June said with amusement.
“Why, Phyllis and Lisa, what a surprise,” Cindy returned.
“Hi,” I said shyly. In my head, I was scrambling. Phyllis was a Mills cousin. Lisa, her daughter, was born about 1947.
“Hey, Tim, how are you?” Phyllis asked.
I knew that Tim had been to the boys’ state basketball tournament in Des Moines in March. It was his sophomore year. Phyllis had been in the girls’ tournament in her high school days, and they had that in common, I decided quickly. I was pulling out all the stops, dredging the recesses of my brain for tidbits of information. I was putting my genealogy chops to the ultimate test regarding these families and was pretty proud of my prowess.
I came from my thoughts quickly though, when there was the briefest hesitation as Tim answered, “Fine.”
It was all I needed to recognize him. It was Dave, and he inhabited the body of a boy who would have his brains blown out before this day was over by the trusted father in horn-rimmed glasses and flattop haircut standing at his side.
“Hey, Tim,” I said. “You were at the basketball tournament in Des Moines this year; you did great. I can’t believe the 1959 school year is finally over. Not many sixteen-year-olds play at the tournament, you know.” I dropped as much information as I could before him. I knew my remarks sounded really ridiculous and lame, but I didn’t care. Then I gave the signal, and I prayed it would go unanswered. I reached up to tug on my left earlobe, and Tim immediately did the same. There was no doubt now. It was Dave.
I needed to get him alone and tell him. But what would I say? It wouldn’t change the outcome. What would be would be, regardless of whether he knew or not. If he stayed here and didn’t warp out of here soon, he would experience terror that I wouldn’t wish on anyone, especially not the man I loved. Wouldn’t it be cruel to tell him what I knew? To say to him, “Hey, you’re gonna die today,” and walk out of the store with Phyllis? What good would that do?
Before I could make up my mind, the entire Thompson family bid us good-bye; Dave actually chanced a slight wink at me as he followed the family, and with a tinkle of chimes as the door swung shut, he was gone. Walking off with his family and into a nightmare he had no clue was coming.

***

Phyllis picked up a spool of thread and called to the young clerk, “Miss, would you happen to have any more of this shade in the back?”
The girl reached to take the item from Phyllis’s hand and hurried through a swinging door at the wall of the fabric department.
I kept looking toward the plate-glass windows at the front of the store. I didn’t know what I thought I was going to see. Did I think Dave would dash back in to see me? It wouldn’t happen. I knew that he had no power to resist his experience, just as I didn’t.
I nervously paced around behind Phyllis as she continued to browse over the sewing supplies.
“Look at this. Isn’t that fun?” she asked me, pointing out a purple paisley bolt of cloth.
“Yuck, I don’t like it! Mother, can’t we go?” I asked impatiently.
“Where do you think you need to go to, Lisa? You know that we have planned this day for a week. Now, don’t you start with your attitude, young lady, or we will have some trouble.” Phyllis was in no hurry; it was obvious.
“I’m sorry, Mother. I’m just bored. I want to go home,” I whined with a heavy sigh.
Phyllis looked to her delicate gold wristwatch. “We aren’t going home, and lunch with Grandma isn’t until 11:30. You had better just settle down. Go look at some of the books until I’m done here.” She pointed to a wall of magazines near the front of the store. I stomped off in that direction.
As I perused the magazines, I thought it would have been very interesting to me if it weren’t for the situation I was dealing with; all the old magazines featuring the current hot topics and movie stars of 1959. The TV Guide featured Father Knows Best. Marilyn Monroe and her costars from Some Like It Hot were on Silver Screen, Elvis Presley was on Movie Mirror and about a dozen other teen magazines.
All I could think of though was Dave, and I turned, went to the front door, and stepped out onto the sidewalk. I looked up and down the block hoping maybe I could see the Thompson family along the street. Get another glimpse of Dave.
I wasn’t making sense. What would that accomplish? I was losing it on the inside—totally losing it. I was thinking that if I could see him, I would hug him tight and give him a kiss. Yeah, everyone would think I had totally lost my mind. I was not Torie, and he was not Dave. I had to remember that. I yanked the door open and reentered the store. I found Phyllis where I had left her, looking at fabric. It was going to be a long day.



Chapter 35


Dave Cameron looked from the small side window of the backseat of the old Ford Fairlane sedan and watched the miles from Eddyville stretch out behind them as he rode with a family of which he had no knowledge, other than what they said in conversation during this ride.
This is a sweet old car though, he thought, rubbing the chrome detail at the window. He wondered what model year it was. The wind blowing in from the wide-open windows made talking nearly impossible, and the mom and dad were talking loudly to hear each other over the noise.
They didn’t drive to Fremont, which he figured would be their destination, but instead, the dad, Mark Thompson, took a turn right onto Highway 63, and they headed into Wapello County. Dave had no idea where these people lived or where they were headed. All he could do was sit, wait, and hope that he woke up soon.
This particular warp was boring him. Nothing interested him about this except for the car details. It was a bland warp, the kind he didn’t enjoy. Plus, he had left Torie behind at the store, and it had been almost physically painful.
No, she didn’t look like his beautiful Torie. She was a young girl with pimples, stringy brown hair, and dark-sable eyes. But looking into her eyes, he could sense the soul and the love of his Torie. The best warps were when they could be together.
Dave looked to the right as they drove past Ottumwa and merged onto Highway 34. The house he had remodeled recently was there, right along the main highway as they passed through. Weird! It was almost exactly as he had remodeled it. He had gotten the details right. Good job, Cameron. He happened to notice that the trees of the neighborhood were nonexistent as they passed on by. The town was pretty young.
They took a right off onto gravel and drove a good two or three miles outside of Agency. They pulled into the drive of the campground at Craton Lake outside of the Fox Hills Wildlife area and drove on a gravel road past Silver Streak campers and tents as people were staking out their sites for the July 4 weekend. They arrived at a large old cabin near the lake, and there was a dock jutting out with a small fishing boat tied up.
There was a two-car garage and the dad, or Horn-Rims as Dave kept referring to him in his own head, parked the car in the right side. Dave could see the other spot was occupied with an old truck of some sort that was decorated with red, white, and blue streamers. He wondered briefly how long the family had been at this place and how they had managed to get the truck decorated. He felt like he must have missed some earlier part of this experience. They had been there for at least a couple days it looked like.
“Let’s get this car unpacked and then we can grab the backpacks and head out,” Horn-Rims said to him.
“Umm, sure,” Dave replied and decided to take his time rolling up his car window and climbing out. He wanted to give Horn-Rims and the others time to head inside so he didn’t look lost, which he was. He got out, and the mother, Cindy, handed him a box filled with hot dogs and buns, condiments, and a few fireworks which were sticking out of the top.
He followed the girl called Suzanna inside and to the kitchen. He put the box on the table and stood there waiting until he heard a high-pitched whistle, and Horn-Rims stuck his head in the door and shouted, “Tim, let’s go. Ricky, come on, now!”
Ricky looked to his mother pathetically. “Mom, can’t I stay home, please?”
Cindy looked to Dave and then seemed uncertain; she finally called to Horn-Rims, “Mark, I need Ricky to stay and help me.”
She looked almost apologetically to Dave. “Go on, Tim, honey. Don’t make him wait.”
When Dave hurried out, he saw Horn-Rims heading for what looked to be a 1950-ish black Buick sedan. He hadn’t noticed it at the edge of the house along the trees when they pulled up. They definitely had been there for some time. Having the truck and two cars, he wondered if maybe they owned this cabin and lived here part-time each year or maybe full-time. He really couldn’t figure this warp out. Nothing was making sense to him.
Dave had never been a car guy; it wasn’t ever his thing, but he could appreciate the fact that it was a really old car. He had never driven in one and was a little stoked about that.
He pulled on the door handle, and the door creaked. It weighed a ton. It was a huge old sled. While Horn-Rims opened the trunk, dropped a couple backpacks in, and slammed it shut, Dave closed the door and began checking out the old radio and dashboard features. He opened the glove box. When he did, he saw something metal that caught his eye and reached in. He pulled out what looked to be a police officer’s badge. He flipped the leather cover over, and under plastic on the backside was a photo of Horn-Rims, sans the horn-rims. It said, “Deputy Mark Thompson, Wapello County Sheriff’s Department”. So he was a police officer. He quickly put the badge back in the glove box just as Mark climbed in.
The engine chugged to life, and after Mark made a couple adjustments to the mirrors, they were off, taking a right out the drive and heading south. Dave thought the dumbass drove like a fiend for being a police officer. The gravel blew out behind them as they fishtailed and left a cloud of dust behind, heading for where? Dave wasn’t sure.



Chapter 36


The Des Moines River had carved a path through the Wapello county countryside, leaving behind bluffs which had been expanded on by the state of Iowa creating a hikers dream of steps, overlooks, and trails that covered miles upstream of the Fox Hills wildlife area. The river was stirred up and cloudy, rushing pretty fast over the concrete throughway as their car pulled off Cemetery Rd and splashed through the water which came up to the tire rims.
They parked near a trail which cut up the side of a bluff. Horn-Rims decided they would start there, and pointing to a bridge about two miles upstream, he announced to Dave that the bridge would be their quest as he handed him a backpack.
Dave had turned to get a look at the bridge, while he slipped the backpack on and by the time he turned back, Horn-Rims had slammed the trunk and was headed up the stone walkway and up the bluff. Dave had to jog to catch up with him. In no time they were under the cover of the sprawling trees and heading up a hundred feet and along a trail that eventually became a well-worn dirt path.
Dave didn’t mind hiking but it had never been a passion of his. He enjoyed horseback riding over hiking. His brothers were hikers, just as they were fishermen and hunters. Dave had never enjoyed any of it, even as a kid himself. He had fished and hunted to fit in with his older brothers but it wasn’t anything he missed or ever felt inclined to do again. He hadn’t hiked for years.
When given the chance as a kid, Dave was always in the workshop behind the barn learning the secrets of woodworking and carpentry from his mother’s dad, Grandpa Joseph McFall, and in later years after he had passed away, his father Mike Cameron, continued to teach him the secrets that were now his life’s work and passion.
“Tim! Let’s move it. Get the lead out!” Horn-Rims ordered. “What the hell is with you today, kid? Come on up here—you keep making me lag back to keep track of you and you will fucking regret it. Do you hear me?” he stopped abruptly and turned back to find Dave was right behind him, keeping up in even stride.
Dave thought the guy seemed disappointed that he wasn’t lagging behind, almost as though he was looking for an excuse to get pissed off.
He was kinda weirded out by the guy’s language to his son. If what Torie said was right, then this kid was sixteen. He couldn’t imagine his own dad talking to him that way. Plus, Dave wasn’t doing anything to cause this irritation as far as he could tell. The guy had a short fuse apparently. He didn’t really feel like getting into it with him, and judging by Horn-Rims’ anger level, he seemed to be expecting a much different attitude regarding this hiking shit than Dave was giving him. Dave got the impression that Tim must have been an avid outdoorsman. He decided he needed to step up his performance and try to at least act the part.
As he waited on Horn-Rims, who had paused to break off a branch and remove the leaves and twigs making himself a walking stick, Dave’s thoughts turned to Torie and what she might be doing right now. He hoped she was doing something better than what he was stuck in. This warp had to end soon. He was ready to get home, wrap Torie in his arms, and feel the warmth of her loving embrace.

***

The breeze blew in the window over the kitchen sink ruffling the gaudy curtains which were covered by a pattern of old-fashioned teapots and blue china cups full of steaming brew, while badly drawn silverware was scattered haphazardly across the material. Really bad choice, Phyllis, I thought. I didn’t think much of Cousin Phyllis’s taste in most of the furnishings of this house or the materials she had chosen while shopping today.
I kept watching the clock as I cleaned and cored apples over a colander at the kitchen sink while Phyllis worked behind me on the pie crusts. I was behaving as any meek and obedient twelve-year-old girl would. It was 3:00 p.m.
As I quietly worked, my mind was in a flurry, considering where Dave might be. Maybe he was back and sleeping soundly beside me in Rose’s house. Maybe he was watching me sleep right now, waiting for me to come back to him. I’m trying, Dave! I screamed it silently in my mind, thinking maybe telepathically he would get the message.
Dave could also be with Tim’s father, Deputy Mark Thompson, hiking through the countryside out in remote Wapello County along the Des Moines River. I knew that was what they were doing on this day in 1959. I had tons of articles at home about this day. If only I would warp out of here, I could go to the box downstairs in my living room closet and find them. If only…

***

Dave closed the door and roamed around the unfamiliar bedroom. He was getting a little panicky. That guy Horn-Rims was a loon. He decided this as he put up with hours of hiking with the asshole. The guy kept talking about things that made no sense. He called him Wayne a couple times. Dave thought maybe it was a nickname or something, but it was like the guy thought he was a different person. He got angry and had meltdowns about every hour for no reason. During one fit, he snapped the walking stick he had made, beating it against a tree. He yelled, he swore, and in general, he was just a fuckin’ freak. He kept saying something about it all being handled soon.
Then it had started getting scary. He kept getting up in Tim’s face, acting like he was going to hit him to make him flinch. He had grabbed Tim around the waist and rushed toward the edge of a bluff, acting as though he was going to throw him off about a hundred feet straight down into a rocky crevasse, and then he had laughed it off as though it were a big joke. The ass wasn’t joking. Dave didn’t know what Tim’s reaction would have been but his reaction was to glare the dipshit down, until Horn-Rims obviously felt uncomfortable seeing the challenge in his son’s eyes. Dave was pretty sure this guy got some major jollies out of mentally abusing the poor kid he now inhabited. Horn-Rims had about eight inches and least eighty pounds on Tim. Big man—intimidating a little kid like this, Dave thought. If this was 2012, the fucker would be in prison for child abuse.
Dave felt like he had paid his dues for this warp. He deserved to wake up now. But it seemed that now he was going to be treated to a night in the town of Craton with the rest of the kids at the arcade whether he wanted to go or not. Horn-Rims gave him no choice. All of them were going—period! Right after dinner, which smelled like it was probably going to be meatloaf.
He sat on the bed and looked across at himself in the mirror that hung on the back of the closet door. He wasn’t six foot one like Dave Cameron. He was Tim, and he figured he was probably five nine—of slight build and thin. He seemed, to him, to be too short for basketball, but he had made it to the state tournament so he must have had some skills on the court. He looked so young. He had blond hair—green eyes. He rubbed his hand across the peach fuzz that covered his face. He definitely looked like his siblings. They all looked to be from Norwegian blood or something, all very fair. They all looked like Mark, not so much like their mom, Cindy. She had brown hair.
He stood up and opened the dresser at the foot of his twin bed. He looked for something to change into for the arcade. He pulled out a pair of clean jeans and yanked open what he assumed was his underwear drawer. He was right. He pulled out a white tee and a fresh pair of tube socks. Next, he went to the closet, chose a blue plaid, long-sleeved button down shirt, and closed the door again.
As Dave pulled off his T-shirt, he looked into the mirror and then paused—Whoa! He approached the mirror as he reached to touch the huge bruise over the right side of his ribcage. It was black, blue, purple, and green and covered an area about the size of a dinner plate. He turned to see how far it went around his torso and found there were three more huge bruises across his back, perfectly straight and about five inches long. It looked as though he had been beaten pretty severely with something. He reached around to touch his back. The bruises weren’t real tender. Fairly old injury, he guessed. He had a pretty good idea who probably gave them to him. Oh, this shit was just getting better and better—Fuck!
He dressed, watching in the mirror as he finished the last button of his shirt. He grabbed a brush he found on the dresser and ran it through his short-cropped hair. He took a seat on the bed again and pulled on his clean socks and his same tennis shoes from earlier.
After a last look in the mirror, he headed for the door but paused, holding the doorknob, and gave himself a pep talk internally as he closed his eyes. You can do this, he said quietly in his mind. He took a deep breath as he opened the bedroom door. He could hear the blare of the television giving the evening news from down the hall. He followed the noise and found Mark sitting in the living room in a recliner watching the set.
“Mark! Timmy! Dinner!” Cindy called from the kitchen.
Dave walked slowly into the living room, giving Mark a chance to get out of the recliner and then followed him.
“Move your ass!” Mark turned around with an angry snarl, towering over Dave and pointing the way to the kitchen.
Dave hurried to obey, again not knowing what he had done to set the asshole off. The guy must be bi-polar at best or a sadistic child abuser at worst. He was definitely not all there.
As he felt the dad right on his heels, he stepped up his pace, heading out to the kitchen to have dinner with the family. This is such bullshit! he thought silently; he was so over this entire experience.



Chapter 37


Seriously? Seriously! Could this time warp last any longer or be any more pointless? The love of my life was possibly about to be murdered, and I was in my goddamn Cousin Phyllis’s living room in Fremont standing on a foot stool as she worked on hemming my new blue gingham dress. The black-and-white television blared Jackie Gleason while Phyllis’s husband Charlie Walters howled with laughter and stamped his foot on the floor with the most annoying regularity. It was about to make me snap!
The pins around the wrists of my dress were poking me. The heavy cloud of pipe smoke swirling around Charlie’s head was enough to make me retch. I felt tears welling up and couldn’t stop them.
“Mother, I need to go to the bathroom,” I announced.
“Lisa! Good heavens, you are as flighty as a hummer tonight.” She finished a pin and waved me off the stool. “Now hold that dress careful and don’t disturb those pins.”
I dashed from the room, and instead of going to the bathroom, I ran out the kitchen screen door, which slapped shut behind me. The night was quiet, but the sky was filling with clouds and to the southwest I could see heat lightning dancing across thunderheads. It was almost 8:00 p.m., and that would mean that, unless Dave was back from the warp now and in bed waiting for me, he was probably on his way to the arcade in Craton.
I paced about the back porch of the small house on Main Street and then went down the steps and walked down the driveway toward the street. The diner was visible from the house. There was a blue neon light on the roof of the building and a red blinking arrow pointing down to the parking lot. The name in blue neon said “Blue Bird Café.” The Finish Line was still fifty years in the future.
I turned and paced up and down the drive. My hands were so clammy, and I was clenching and releasing them at my sides while tears spilled over. My stress and the fear for Dave overflowed like an overfilled cup.
“God, please help me! Grandma Rose, Grandpa Judson! Spirits! Someone! Please help me to get home!” I said aloud, looking up at the darkening sky. I shook my head at my stupidity for my ridiculous pleas, wiped my eyes, and headed back toward the house and the pipe-smoke-filled living room to continue my purgatory. There was nothing else I could do, nowhere else I could go.

***

I felt like I slammed onto the bed at a hundred miles an hour directly from the heavens. The jolt of reentering from the warp was palpable. I was on my side facing the outside of the bed and glanced at the clock on the night stand, 3:00 a.m. I snapped on the bedside lamp and turned quickly toward Dave.
“Dave,” I said gently, shaking his shoulder. He was lying on his back, his hands across his waist, covered by a light sheet.
“Dave!” I said more loudly and sat beside him, shaking his shoulder hard. Nothing—he was still gone. I bent over to listen to his chest, and the slow rhythm of his beating heart was comforting. It really meant nothing that his heart was still beating now. If I returned just now at 3:00 a.m. and if the warp continued on, on its own schedule, it would still only be about 8:00 p.m. there. The murders happened just before midnight—four hours from now.
This half-baked theory of mine about the time warp schedule didn’t make sense, even to me—the creator of the theory! It didn’t seem like the warps ran on a logical or chronological timetable. More likely, the warp, if he stayed in it, could last until 10:00 a.m. or later. Most often, we awoke later rather than earlier. That I came back so soon, that was the real puzzling occurrence.
I clambered out of bed then and dashed downstairs clicking light switches on as I went. I opened the living room closet, stretched up to the shelf, and pulled down the cardboard box that held albums of documents from my research. I dropped the box on the floor and sat down on my heels. I yanked out the album labeled ‘Newspapers’ and opened it up on the floor, flipping to 1959.
Shadow nudged me under my left arm, wanting me to pet him. “Shadow, go lay down,” I commanded. He obediently responded, moving several feet away to lie down on a rug. He put his head on his front paws and watched me while I paged through the album.
The slick sleeve containing the articles about the mass murder of my Thompson cousins was overflowing. I had found so many newspaper articles from the Craton News, Eddyville Times, Fremont Gazette, Oskaloosa Herald, Keokuk Daily Gate, Des Moines Register, and Ottumwa Courier. Each one laid out the final day of the family and what had occurred on July 3, 1959.
I snapped open the album clasp, leaving the album and box out and taking the sleeve, ran back up to the bedroom. I turned on the overhead light and sat on my side of the bed beside Dave while I pulled out two original folded articles from the sleeve, which had been in the effects of my grandpa Arlan when he passed away. The rest of the documents were photocopies from microfilm.
I paused to watch Dave’s chest rise and fall, and I leaned beside him and reached out to lift his hand, kissed it, and laid it back upon his stomach. Even though I knew it was pointless, I tried to rouse him gently again. I leaned over him to kiss the corner of his mouth, smoothed his brow, and ran my fingers through his dark hair lightly. “I love you, sweetheart,” I said softly.
I turned my attention back to the articles and sitting beside Dave, opened the first. I laid it across my pillow to read. The print was yellowed, the paper fragile. It was the original article from the Keokuk Daily Gate, and provided the time line, most of which I already knew.

Mass Murder in Craton! screamed the headline.

Saturday, July 4, 1959—The entire state of Iowa has been shocked by the brutal murder of Cindy Thompson and family, gunned down in cold blood on Friday night while in their summer cabin on Lake Craton. The murderer is still at large and is believed to be the father of the family, thirty-nine-year-old Deputy Mark Thompson, who is a Wapello County sheriff’s officer. He had been undergoing some counseling and had been on medical leave from the department for the past three weeks. He is believed to be armed and dangerous.

I folded the article and went on to a microfilmed story from the Fremont Gazette.

Thompson Mass Murder Plot Revealed
Thompson Captured in Agency Home
July 6, 1959, Agency, Iowa

The massive manhunt that involved more than 100 law officers and a dozen bloodhounds came to an end yesterday when Mark Thompson was captured where he was hiding in his residence in Agency. Officers had checked the residence twice, but apparently Thompson had been able to avoid detection by hiding in the crawl space under the structure. Bloodhounds were brought in and discovered him about midday. He was disarmed with little effort and no injuries to the suspect or officers were reported. Once disarmed of his service revolver, he was taken quietly into custody.
As Thompson was being returned to the county jail in Ottumwa, the route took him past the funeral procession at the Arbor Hill’s Chapel and cemetery in Ottumwa where a mass funeral was being held for the six members of his family. The entire community turned out in huge numbers to attend the tribute to the innocent victims.
New details emerge:
On Friday, July 3, the family had spent time in Eddyville shopping for supplies needed for the July 4 celebration. The family was to be part of the traditional parade in Craton. They have had a Norwegian heritage float for the last five years.
After the family returned from town, Thompson and his son Tim spent the rest of the afternoon hiking on the trails along the Des Moines River. Several boys fishing from the bridge on Cliffland Rd. said they saw the two at approximately 3:00 p.m.as they arrived at the bridge and then turned, heading back the way they had come. The boys reported that Thompson seemed very irritated with his son. The boys reported that the son seemed concerned about his father’s behavior. “He kept telling his dad to calm down,” one boy reported.
About 8:00 p.m., Thompson drove his five children to an arcade in Craton about four miles from their cabin at Craton Lake. He dropped the kids off and told them he would be back by ten to pick them up.
After Thompson left the kids off, authorities plan to prove that he drove back to the family cabin on the lake where he got into an argument with his wife, Cindy. Cindy Thompson’s body was found in the family’s car in the garage. She had been shot in the right temple. No one in the vicinity reported hearing any shots, and it is believed that Thompson was using a sound suppression device, which he would also use later as he stalked and executed his children.
Thompson apparently shot Cindy inside the house and removed her body, placing it in the car. There were signs that he attempted to clean up all evidence.



Chapter 38


Dave Cameron, currently stuck in a noisy arcade in the little town of Craton, Iowa, sipped at his Pepsi Cola and looked about the room. It was decorated with streamers of red, white, and blue hanging from the rafters and wound about posts. The crowd was dwindling.
He was keeping an eye on the four kids who were his siblings. The three girls, his sisters, were across the room near the concession stand. Ricky, his little brother, was sitting close by at an arcade game fighting off aliens or something. He couldn’t afford to lose sight of any of them and possibly get left behind. He would not be able to find his way back if he did. Horn-Rims had left almost three hours ago. He was overdue to come and pick them up, and Dave was over-stressed.
He had decided hours ago in this endless, torturous warp that Torie was right. They needed to stop staying the night at her house, and they needed to leave these time warps in the past. They had a real life to live together. He wanted to marry the beautiful and caring woman who had made his every day magic. He wanted to bring her to his home to live, for the rest of her life. He wanted to have children with her while they were still young enough to be parents. They didn’t need this shit to add something missing to their lives. This was taking them away from their lives.
Knowing his body was lying beside his lovely Torie this moment back in Fremont, he thought about how he could be reaching out to pull her to him and feel her body under his hands, feel the heaven as she would turn to embrace him. He could be making love to her right this minute, instead of pulling a splinter from his hand, which he just picked up from the rough goddamn table he sat at!
As Ricky, Suzanna, Bridget, and Barbara crossed the room and approached the table, he felt a hand clamp down on his shoulder roughly, and he nearly jumped out of his skin when Horn-Rims leaned over, shaking dripping water off his flat top and onto Dave’s head.
“Storm’s coming in,” Mark announced. “We better get on the road. Ready?”
Dave jumped up, using his own shirt sleeve to remove the sprinkles from his face, and reached for his brown cotton jacket. Fuck yeah, I’m ready, asshole!
“Where have you been?” Barbara asked.
“Oh, just had to finish watching Jack Benny. Your mom didn’t want to watch alone,” he replied casually.
The kids stomped past heading out the door so Dave really had to hustle to keep up with them.
As they started off, the girls in the backseat behind him all expressed their opinion of their dad keeping them waiting so long, which Dave felt was very risky on their part. He could flip out on them at any moment, like he had witnessed earlier that day. Horn-Rims would go off for no reason. The girls didn’t seem to have any fear of him. Dave felt they should but wondered if he reserved his abuse for Tim only.
The rest of the ride was pretty quiet as they drove. The thunderstorm was really starting to come on, and the rain was pelting the top of the Buick like a jackhammer. They were coming up on a turnoff to the campgrounds, but Horn-Rims continued on straight.
“Where are we going?” Suzanna asked in her whiniest voice.
“I gotta run to the house and pick up the barbecue tools for your mom; she forgot them last trip home and she wants her good table cloths for the picnic. We’ll just be a few minutes.”
As they parked in the drive of a small, well-maintained ranch-style house in the town of Agency, Horn-Rims ordered them to stay in the car and said he would be right back. He dashed out into the roaring thunderstorm, leaving the car running.
“Tim, would you turn on the radio?” Bridget asked, from the backseat.
Dave was riding shotgun, with Ricky in the middle. Before Dave had a chance to lean over, Ricky reached out and turned the radio on.
“KZRN,” Suzanna ordered from the back seat. “Turn it!”
With a heavy sigh, she leaned over the seat. Dave was trying to assist Ricky and they were both fumbling with the dial, trying to figure out what channel she meant.
“Get out of the way squirt, I’ve got it,” she said, slapping Dave’s hand away.
Fine by me, Dave thought. Knock yourself out, Sis. He went back to watching out the car window at the flashes of lightning that filled the sky. Fremont was so many miles away. He longed to go home. He was so homesick for Torie. But his Fremont and his Torie weren’t there. They wouldn’t be there for another fifty years. A clap of thunder jerked him back from his thoughts. It was going to be a stormy night.



Chapter 39


I glanced at the clock on my nightstand: 9:00 a.m. I stretched my hands above my head and reached out to caress Dave’s leg lightly. I touched his face and the slight moisture on his forehead; I wiped it off with the palm of my hand and leaned over to use my breath to cool his face. I removed the sheet from his body. He was overheated. I left his legs exposed and draped the sheet over his hips, covering his nakedness.
I took a minute to go downstairs for another cup of coffee and to let Shadow out to do his business. The cool morning air perked me up slightly as I leaned against the post of the porch and watched Shadow pick out the perfect spot. I was dead tired, but I would not go to sleep until I got Dave back. He had to be coming back soon. He just had to be.
I stirred some two-percent into my coffee, took a banana off the counter, and made my way back up to the bedroom. I settled my coffee on the nightstand, turned on the radio to a low volume, and sat down on the bed.
I looked again at Dave. God, I missed him. I got on my hands and knees and leaned over my beautiful man. I kissed his forehead and his eyelids. “Come back to me, sweetheart,” I whispered and touched my lips to his for a gentle kiss. I lay my cheek against the stubble of his and rubbed against the roughness. I sat back down next to him and ran my hand over the perfectly formed chest and the smooth skin and soft, dark hair. I wish it would only take my touch to bring him back, I thought.
I picked up the newspaper article from the Des Moines Register & Tribune of July 7, 1959, and continued to read the actual police report information provided by authorities. Thompson had provided a full confession and details to police shortly after his capture, laying out the sequence of events.

Mark Thompson stated that his wife, Cindy, was seated in a chair when shot. He dragged her body out to a nearby garage and put her in the family car. He put the gun in her hand on the seat beside her, to look like a suicide. He admitted he planned to ultimately stage it as a murder-suicide, framing Cindy for the crimes.
Thompson then headed to Craton to pick up the kids from the arcade. He said he knew he was going to need more guns and ammunition, so he drove his five children to their home in Agency where he retrieved additional weapons from the gun safe in his bedroom. The children were left in the car, and when he returned, he put the items in the trunk of his 1949 Buick and headed back to the campgrounds.

I grabbed another clipping, the Ottumwa Courier.

Mark Thompson drove his children back to the campgrounds and the secluded family cabin at about 11:30 p.m.
He had pulled the fuses from the house and cut the phone lines before he left to pick the children up. When they pulled in, the cabin was dark. The children assumed it was due to the lightning storm.
Thompson said that the girls jumped out and ran through the pouring rain and into the house. Suzanna came back out after just a minute and announced that the lights were out and her mother wasn’t inside. Thompson told her she was in bed but one of the other girls came out to announce it wasn’t so. Thompson told them that she probably ran to the ranger station for a copy of the parade schedule, and Tim went to the garage to check for the Fairlane.

I felt nauseous thinking of Dave discovering the body in the family car. Would he? Or would it play out differently? We had the freedom to make slight changes in the warps but nothing substantial. I had a sick feeling that Dave would be likely to find the body of Cindy Thompson—if for no other reason than he was a thirty-eight-year-old man residing in a sixteen-year-old boy’s body currently and things would not seem right to him, knowledge of the events or not. It would be common sense that drove him to be suspicious and go to investigate. It would be his discovery that started the horrifying chain of events that came next.
“Chasing Cars” by Snow Patrol began playing on the radio and as the words washed over me, amplifying my pain, I felt my tears spilling over onto my cheeks. I tossed the stack of papers on the floor as I trembled uncontrollably from fear and nerves. I sat on my heels and laid my head against Dave’s chest, trying to find comfort in his nearness and listening to his heartbeat as I rocked gently. Smoothing my hands over his shoulders, I wished that his strong arms would come around my body and make everything okay. Racking sobs possessed me as I placed fleeting kisses all over his face, his neck, and his chest. I lifted his hand to place a kiss in his palm and cradled it to my cheek, as I watched his expressionless face. “Come back to me, David. Please come home.”



Chapter 40


The Buick maneuvered around washed-out gravel; it took everyone’s eyes to spot the holes.
“On your right!” Ricky shouted. “Now, left. Oh!” he groaned as they hit the edge of another jarring pothole.
Suzanna, Bridget, and Barbara were looking on from the backseat as Ricky and Dave rode shotgun and navigated.
“I can’t see a damn thing through the fog on the windows and the rain,” Horn-Rims complained, reaching to wipe the windshield with his sleeve.
“Tim, quit breathing!” Suzanna said with a laugh. “You’re full of hot air.”
Funny aren’t you, Sis? Dave thought but said nothing. Siblings were a pain in the ass fifty years ago, too. Who knew?
They had been driving for almost another fifteen minutes in the crappy old car on bone-jarring bumpy gravel. The drive to the cabin earlier today hadn’t seemed to take nearly as long. When they got home, if they got home, Dave planned to go straight to bed, hoping against hope that by the time he woke up in the morning he would be back with Torie.
“Hey, the house is dark. I bet the power is out because of the storm,” Suzanna said, as they finally arrived at the cabin.
Let’s state the obvious, Suzanna, Dave thought. It then occurred to him that he was starting to actually think of her as his pain-in-the-ass sister. This had been too long a frickin’ time warp! Time to wake up, Cameron! But, no…no such luck.
Mark pulled the car up close to the kitchen door, and everyone piled out. The girls ran ahead for the house.
“I wonder why Mom doesn’t have the flashlights out,” Bridget said as she dashed across the rain-swept drive.
“Your mom is probably sleeping,” Mark snapped. “Be quiet in there, girls.”
Dave pushed the car door shut and walked past Mark as he lifted the trunk. Ricky walked alongside Dave as they headed to the darkened house.
“Mom is gone!” Suzanna announced as she came back to the screen door and out onto the covered back porch.
“She’s in bed,” Mark snapped.
“No, she isn’t,” Barbara announced coming to the door to look past Suzanna and to Mark, as he slammed the trunk.
“Goddamn it, get in the house and find some flashlights!” he ordered.
Dave started to wonder about the mother as he stood there on the steps listening to the exchange between Horn-Rims and the girls.
“She probably went into the ranger station for the activity schedule,” Horn-Rims suggested.
“I’ll go check the garage to see if the car is there,” Dave decided. If the car was gone, it would tell them a lot.
“Wait until we get a flashlight!” Mark called, but Dave was already off the steps and walking the few paces across the drive and to the side door of the garage.
Both doors of the garage were down, but since he had been in the garage earlier that day, he knew where the Fairlane would be parked. He entered the side door, shuffling his feet to be sure he didn’t stumble, and reached out to touch the car. Even in the dark he could see it. He came around the rear and to the driver’s side. He wanted to check the ignition for the keys and opened the door. When he did, the dome light came on.
The dead, lifeless eyes of Cindy Thompson appeared to be looking directly at him as she sat slumped behind the steering wheel. The smell of blood was thick in the air, wafting over him as he stood rooted to the spot. Her light-blue blouse was saturated in her own blood coming from a wound in the right temple that ran down the side of her face and onto her blouse. Dave recoiled and in a panic stumbled back from the car and ran from the garage. It all came together quickly for him, and he had no doubt that Horn-Rims was responsible for this.
Horn-Rims and the kids no longer stood on the back porch when Dave ran through the pouring rain, across the drive and to the cabin. He leaped up the steps and grabbed the screen door handle, heading for the dim light he could see coming from the living room.
“No! Daddy!” he heard Suzanna yell in a panic, and just as he was racing to see what was happening to her, he heard the muffled blast of gunfire and screams. The house was plunged back into darkness and Dave moved on through the kitchen in search of the others.



Chapter 41


Fremont Gazette (continued from page one)
Hunts His Children

“I don’t know why I did it,” Thompson admitted. Bridget was the first to be shot. She was found by authorities where she had fallen and died, shot in the head just past the kitchen, in the hallway leading to the living room. Barbara was next, chased to her bedroom and shot in the head as she cowered in her clothes closet. The others ran for cover, dashing through the dark house, and Thompson methodically hunted them, one by one with his .38 special and later his Winchester rifle, both modified with silencers.
Thompson is a veteran police officer and did not shoot blindly. He was methodical and took his shots carefully.
Suzanna was next. She was fatally wounded on the floor of the bathroom. He said she ran into the bathroom and stumbled and fell. She pleaded to him, “Daddy, please don’t!” He pulled the trigger and then unloaded a second shot into her brain.
Ricky was shot in the back of his head and found just outside the kitchen door of the cabin, apparently trying to escape with his brother Tim.
Tim was shot twice in the head and was found in a pool of blood near the boat dock about one hundred yards from the cabin.

I sobbed into my tissue and threw the newspaper across the room. I looked at the clock on the nightstand: 1:00 p.m.
Dave appeared so very still. It had been ten hours since I had woke up at 3:00 a.m. I crawled over to sit by his side and touched his face. It felt cool to my touch. I reached out and pulled the sheet over him. I added the lightweight comforter from the foot of the bed. “Come on, baby. Dave, look for me. Listen for my voice, and come home to me. Please!” I whispered as I placed my lips against his forehead.
My mind turned back to the first day I had met him on the steps of this old house, with his beautiful smile. I thought about the trips we made gathering supplies, the night at Stevie C’s as we bar-hopped in Fremont, his eyes at the lounge in Des Moines when I saw him watching me across the crowded bar, the street dance and the kiss we shared, the night I came to his house for dinner, the first time we made love and I finally and truly felt like a woman—a thousand little moments but all of them didn’t add up to enough to last me my lifetime. Not nearly enough. I wanted to marry this gentle, kind man, bear his children, and grow old with him. I lifted his head and upper body, resting his head in my lap and rocked softly.
“Come home, Dave.”

***

As Dave moved quietly through the house, he could see a flashlight beam as Horn-Rims stalked another victim. He heard a blast somewhere in the recesses of the bedrooms. Then he heard more feet running and heard a body hit the floor. He heard Suzanna pleading, “Daddy, please don’t!” and two shots muffled by a silencer ended her plea.
Dave moved to crouch behind a sofa and could hear frantic breathing. It was eleven-year-old Ricky. He reached to take his hand and then whispered in his ear, “We have to get out of this house.”
He held Ricky’s hand, and together they started for the kitchen but before they could get to the screen door, a beam of light was on their backs. The muffled shot rang out, and Ricky was yanked from his grasp as a blast hit the little boy, throwing his body against the screen door to block it open. Another shot, and Dave could feel a burning pain explode in the side of his head, and then the floor rushed up to meet him.
Ricky appeared to be dead, but Dave didn’t have time to check; he staggered to his feet and raced out the door. He leaped from the steps and ran across the drive toward the boat dock, thinking if he could just get to the water, maybe he would have a chance. He stumbled and fell on the driveway, rolling to his back, just twenty yards short of his goal. The blood from his head wound was running into his eyes, mixing with the pouring rain, and he had just used the backs of his hands to clear his vision when he watched Horn-Rims approach and cock the Winchester rifle.
A crack of thunder reverberated through the ground where he lay, from a lightning strike somewhere nearby, and still Thompson came closer. Dave refused to let the approaching evil be his last sight on earth. He closed his eyes and brought Torie’s face to mind. He studied the soft blue-gray eyes; he thought of her long auburn hair and her bangs falling slowly over her forehead, while she brushed them back. He remembered her beautiful smile and full lips that he would never taste again, and he said quietly, out loud, as the gravel crunched beneath Horn-Rims’ feet and he stepped to within point-blank range, “I love you, Torie.”



Chapter 42


The efficient secretary was busily fielding phone calls.
“Reiner, Mitchell, and Jones, hold please.”
“Miss Mills, if you would have a seat for just one moment, I will let Mr. Mitchell know that you are here.”
I took off my stocking cap and pea coat, tucking my hat and gloves in the sleeve and holding the coat over my arm, I took a seat in the stylishly decorated waiting area. I picked up a magazine and tried to find something that interested me to read. Nothing caught my eye.
The frosted-glass door opened, and John Sweeney with wife Margaret came in, looking a bit lost.
“John! Margaret!” I called waving my hand to get their attention.
“Hey, Torie, there you are. We had a little trouble finding a parking place. Glad we aren’t late.”
“I think they’ll be ready for us in just a few minutes,” I smiled. “Did you read over all the verbiage of the contract? Look good?”
The couple removed their coats, and Margaret unwrapped a multi-colored scarf from her head. John hung their things on the coat tree.
“Torie,” he said indicating my coat.
“Oh, thanks, John.” I let him hang it for me beside theirs.
John took a seat then and used his thumb and finger to push his glasses up on his nose, nodding. “It is just such a wonderful gift to the genealogical society.”
“It’s my pleasure John. I can’t wait for the next five years of your plans. To see the outbuildings and land used for education will be a wonderful addition to Fremont. With the five acres that goes with it, you will have plenty of space to spread out over the years.”
“Torie, we are forever indebted to you. The community of Fremont and really the counties this will serve. Are you sure about the antiques and photos? You want to leave everything as is in the house?”
“Torie, John, Margaret, come on in.”
I nodded my answer to John, took a deep breath, and followed Greg Mitchell, a prominent Oskaloosa lawyer and champion of the cause. He was forty, handsome, and unattached. He had been a little too interested in me at first, but we were on the same page now.
“Please, everyone, have a seat.” He indicated the chairs, and holding his tie to keep it from sweeping the desk, he took his seat behind.
“As we discussed on the phone last night, Torie, this is just a finalization of the contract you have all approved. Once we file the papers with the state tomorrow, your obligation to the property will be forever transferred to the society.”
I nodded and smiled at John. He looked like a kid on Christmas morning. I hoped that he would make this everything he dreamed it could be.
“Shall we begin?” Greg asked.
“Please,” I said.
“As John wished and you agreed, Torie, the formal ownership of your property will be that of the society with no reference to Mr. Cameron or yourself, however, it will be understood that the planned Renovation, Trade, and Farming Sciences addition expected within five years will be known as the David Samuel Cameron Learning Center.”
John looked to me for my approval, and I nodded. “Dave would have never agreed to that. It would be too over-the-top for him, but it’s my decision.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
“Item two. A yearly donation from the Neumann Mills 2012 Charity Trust in the amount of ten thousand US dollars annually to be paid within the first month of each calendar year to sustain the residence and pay any expenses necessary for the year, as long as the trust is sustainable. If the trust becomes insolvent, the monetary contributions with be deemed fulfilled. Torie has made the initial contribution for the current year, and the trust has been advanced one million dollars from Torie, pending sale of her book project still in progress.
“And lastly, it is understood that the property on 140th Avenue also known as York Avenue in the state of Iowa, County of Mahaska, township of Cedar, town of Fremont will forever and always be considered a public building and will not now or hereafter be used as a private residence. Neither will the property have any overnight visitors or school-related retreats, reunions, or conventions.”
“If this meets with everyone’s approval, all I need is your John Hancock’s and we will be out of here.”
“John and Margaret, you first,” I said.
Greg Mitchell moved his paperweight and placed the document before John. He signed and handed the pen to Margaret, indicating with his index finger, where she should sign.
“Be sure to put your title of treasurer,” he reminded her.
Mr. Mitchell looked to me and slid the paper over. I added my signature.
Finally over and done! I had mixed emotions. I felt a huge relief, like a heavy weight had been lifted off my shoulders and I was thankful that no one else would ever face the horror I was unable to save Dave from experiencing. But I would miss seeing my family—Lucy, Rose, Grandpa Henry and so many others that I had come to know and love. I would cherish what I had lived and learned from them and use those lessons to make my own life rich and full. I knew that I would be able to give myself totally to a man now and be successful at it. I had many good examples of loving relationships to draw from.
We all stood and shook hands, and I hugged John and Margaret and swept my hand before me indicating they should precede me.
“Hang on, Torie,” Greg said.
I stopped and wondered what he had in mind. I hoped he wasn’t going to say anything that might make me feel uncomfortable or require me to awkwardly refuse his advances again. I didn’t quite know what else we had to settle.
“Go ahead, John, Margaret. Don’t wait for me. I’ll be calling you soon.”
As the couple left and closed the door behind them, Greg took a seat at his desk.
“What is it, Greg?”
“I just hoped that maybe I could trouble you for…” He reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a copy of my novel. “…an autograph?”
“What!” I laughed. “You’re a romance reader?”
“No, but my sister is. Her birthday is next week.”
I had to shake my head at this and reached for his pen. “What’s her name?”
“Julia.”
“There you go,” I said closing the cover and placing his pen back in the holder. “I really need to get going. Thank you for all your assistance during the transfer.”
He rose from his desk and escorted me to the waiting room. “I hope to see you again someday, Torie.”
I really hoped I wouldn’t have any need for a lawyer in the foreseeable future but shook his hand, retrieved my coat, and plopped my blue knit hat on my head, moving to the door.
“Good-bye, Greg.”

***

As I stepped out into the cool early October evening, the harvest moon was just rising over the square and the tumble of dry, crisp autumn leaves scattered by the wind danced out of my path.
My Nissan Pathfinder was parked at the curb before me as I came down the steps. Leaning against the side, with his hands in the pockets of his Hawkeye jacket was a very curious lawbreaker.
“Hey, I think you are in a no-parking zone, buddy.”
“You gonna tell me now why I wasn’t invited to this little meeting?” Dave gave me his most serious expression.
“You wouldn’t have approved of all the details of the agreement.”
“Hmmm. That doesn’t sound good.” He stepped forward to meet me on the sidewalk, and with his hands still in his pockets he leaned forward to give me a warm kiss.
“Hey, you’ll have to read all about it in the papers tomorrow. We’ll go out early for breakfast and pick one up.”
“Not too early. They’re saying thunderstorms in the early a.m., and you’re going to be in my bed and in my arms until the last rumble of thunder, my love,” he said seriously, and I knew he meant every word.



Chapter 43


“Dave, sweetheart, are you sure about this?” I slid over beside him on the seat of his Ford F-150. We let the engine idle as we sat on the edge of the drive at Arbor Hill’s cemetery in Ottumwa. I put my chin on his shoulder and kissed his cheek. It had been two weeks since we had given the house to the genealogical society, and we had just passed the one-month anniversary since that horrible time warp had come to an end. We had gotten through so much this last month. I didn’t know if this trip on a gloomy October afternoon was a mistake. Was he strong enough to handle this?
Dave was staring down the long, winding drive. I could tell he was having second thoughts, fearing what it might do to the state of his mental health.
He had returned from the warp at the last possible moment. He had heard the blast and waited for the pain of the bullet which he never felt enter his brain. When he returned, his head was in my lap, and he buried his face in my chest as his arms came around me. He pulled me down beside him, hugging me so tight, just saying my name over and over as he reached out with his hands and smoothed my tears from my face, kissing me softly.
We left Rose’s house immediately that afternoon and did not return to spend the night again.
The first few days after that last warp he had been like a war veteran, experiencing post-traumatic stress disorder. We had went back to the house later that same day and gathered up all the newspaper articles from where they were scattered about my bedroom and took them home to Dave’s house. He read every single article regarding the murders, more than once. Then he talked—he talked to me for hours and hours, going over it again and again. It was hard for me to hear, but he needed to talk about it. He needed to get it out.
He talked about finding my cousin Cindy in the car where Thompson had placed her, intending to frame it as a murder-suicide scenario. He told me about opening the car door, seeing her lifeless body, and inhaling the sickeningly sweet smell of the blood—so much blood.
He talked about how he had been so pissed at Suzanna most of the night, thinking unkind thoughts as she irritated him like any sibling would. He told me about the chill that ran through him hearing her screams when Mark shot Bridget first. It cut him to the quick when he thought about seeing Bridget lying dead just outside the kitchen doorway leading to the living room, in a huge pool of blood. He had heard horror filled sobs before the muffled shot ended Barbara’s life next, in another part of the house.
He described what it was like when he heard Suzanna race through the house and how the flashlight beam had danced across the ceiling as Mark pursued her. He told me about the terror he could hear in her voice as her father ignored her plea for mercy and the reverberation as he heard a shot and a second and then silence.
He described the split second Ricky was ripped from him as they raced for the door. He said it seemed now like it had happened in slow motion as he turned toward him at his left and then felt a burning pain in his head above his left temple when the bullet tore through him. His left eye had instantly filled with blood, blurring his vision.
Thinking about and remembering Ricky was the most difficult for him. He recalled when Ricky was hit and his hand yanked from his grasp as the boy crashed against the screen door and fell at the threshold—it tore him to bits to talk about it, because he had wanted to reach out to help him but he had no time. The sudden instinct to survive had kicked in, and all he could do was run for his life.
Dave Cameron, the thirty-eight-year-old man he was on the inside that night—could not reconcile that he had left an innocent young child behind. It made him question his own ability and his courage—not sixteen-year-old Tim’s courage, but his own. He was an adult on the inside that night; he felt he should have been able to do something.
“Tim couldn’t save Ricky’s life, Dave. He couldn’t save his own life. Ricky was dead before Tim ever ran out the door,” I gently reminded him, as he wiped a tear from his face with the palm of his hand and nodded, unable to speak.
He had found himself questioning why he had survived when all of them had died. Even though it was fifty years ago and he had no power in the situation and could not re-write history, he felt guilty over his inability to stop it from happening. He shed many tears for the victims, especially for the young kids whom he had come to know so well over the experience.
And we made pilgrimages to all the points on that journey he had lived through that terrible day.
He told me, as we stood outside the Thompson house in Agency, how he had watched out the window of the car through the pouring rain, missing Fremont and me, as the thunderstorm roared around him.
He took me to the old downtown Craton, and he knew exactly where the arcade had been before. He told me he had thought about how totally lost he felt and that all he wanted was to wake up in our bed, in my arms, and never leave me again.
We stood on the bridge over the Des Moines River, and he talked about the pointless hours he spent hiking. The abuse he had endured as a slight and defenseless young boy as Thompson’s bizarre behavior escalated. He felt he should have known something big was about to take place. I told him he had no way to know that. He told me about the horrible bruises that Tim had on his body. He was angry that not one article brought those up. Thompson had gotten away with that crime, and Dave still wondered what story had been there that no one would ever know.
We stood where the cabin had once been, and he showed me the path he had run that night in the pouring rain and the boat dock, which had been his goal and where he had fallen and Tim Thompson had died.
I came back from my musings when Dave took a deep breath and said, “I need to do this.”
I nodded, and he leaned to kiss my temple as he turned the truck into the entrance and we drove along the park like setting looking for section “D”.
I climbed out of his driver’s door after him while he reached into the bed and lifted the six blood-red rose covered wreaths. I took a couple from his hands, and together, we started searching for their markers.
“Torie!” he called to me softly. We had started to get separated as we browsed. “Here they are.”
I hurried over to his side and saw the unassuming stone for Cindy and the five smaller stones for the children. The six matching years of death, 1959, told of some tragic happening, to any visitor, even those who did not know of the story. Those matching dates spoke volumes.
Dave dropped down on one knee before the stone for Tim, placed the wire holder, and mounted the wreath above his marker. He brushed a dry leaf off the stone face.
One by one, we placed the wreaths for each of the others, and then Dave took a deep breath as we stood back a pace and looked at our work. He put his arm around my shoulders, and I put my arm around his waist and looked up into his eyes, which were bright with unshed tears.
“I’m ready to move on from this, Torie. I think I can let it go now.”
I turned to hug him tight, as he bent to kiss my lips tenderly. I reached up and used my thumb to brush away a tear from his cheek, and he used his index finger to smooth a tear away from my cheek, as well.
“I love you, Dave. Let’s go. We have our own lives to live now.”
With a last look and wrapped in each other’s arms, we started toward our truck.



Epilogue


The fire crackled with a relaxing effect as I sat at my desk in the family room. I looked out the large wall of windows to the empty fields lying under a blanket of fresh snow which stretched out before me. The grill and deck furniture were tucked in warm and cozy under tarps for the long Iowa winter ahead.
It had been a whirlwind of a November for Dave and me. We married quietly at the county courthouse in Oskaloosa on my birthday, the second day of the month. Mindy and Dave’s high school buddy Jeff Allman stood up with us, and afterward, we all came back to Fremont and had lunch at the Finish Line. Char gave us each a piece of apple pie à la mode on the house as a wedding gift. It was the perfect low-key wedding—just perfect.
November 4, after we dropped Shadow off at The Barking Lot kennel in Urbandale, we drove to the airport and off for a honeymoon in Naples, Florida. Next, we made a pilgrimage to my dad’s on Marco Island to spend a couple days. Then we rented a car and drove to Tampa so I could meet Dave’s brothers Mike and Kyle and their families. We stopped in Birmingham, Alabama, to meet his brother Adam and spent a couple days, before heading home to Iowa.
We would meet the rest and celebrate three things: our marriage, New Year’s Eve, and Dave’s thirty-ninth birthday, on December 31 when we would be hosting all our family and friends at a mega party and reception in Las Vegas for a four-day extravaganza at the Bellagio. Our wedding might have cost the fifty-dollar court fee to the state of Iowa but our million-dollar reception was going to be legendary!
When we returned to Fremont, we headed out for a trip to Cedar County to look at all the locations of mine and Claire’s novel. It had been just what I needed to get my creative juices flowing again so I could finish. I had just typed the last word minutes ago.
“Hey, Boss.” Dave placed a mug of coffee beside me. I looked up, and he bent to give me a kiss on my lips and put his arms around my shoulders, “Paper says we officially got four inches,” he said looking out the window.
“Another long, cold Iowa winter, but I don’t think I’m going to mind it this year. Not with you to share it with me.” I leaned my face close to his as he rested his chin on my shoulder.
“You finished with it?”
“Just now.” I scrolled to the beginning of the novel and showed him the title that I had finally decided on.
“Nice. I think Claire would be pleased.”
I scrolled to the first chapter and pointed to the screen. “There you are, buddy; that’s your character. And check this out,” I said opening a file on my computer, “Judy Bullard just sent this final a few minutes ago, the official cover photograph.”
The photo depicted the battle-ravaged scenes of the Civil War in the background and in the foreground my beautiful leading lady Claire with long dark-brown hair and sky-blue eyes and her handsome man in a passionate embrace. He held his musket in his hand and in a navy-blue Union uniform, was taking her in his arms for a farewell kiss.
“You decided on Jimmy Thomas I see.”
“Never any question. He’s the best at what he does.”
Dave studied the photograph for a moment and then said, “You know, I do kinda look like him, don’t I?”
“Do ya think?” I laughed, rolled my eyes and closed the computer.
I rose from my chair and brushed my hand against Dave’s cheek and then reached to take his hand. “Come with me, husband.”
“Hey, what about your fresh cup of coffee?” he questioned.
“I’ll reheat it.”
I held his hand and led him through the house and up the stairs to our bedroom, entering with him in tow.
“I’m ovulating and we are supposed to take advantage, remember?”
“My work is never done,” he chuckled.
I gave him a kiss, “For luck. Now, let’s make us a baby.”



Coming 2013

Into the Future, book #2 Heritage Time Travel Romance series

Into the Future, book #2 Heritage Time Travel Romance series
All Iowa Edition PG-13


Coming spring 2014

Forevermore, book #3 Heritage Time Travel Romance series

Forevermore, book #3 Heritage Time Travel Romance series
All Iowa Edition PG-13

Other works available by Dana Roquet

Out of the Past, book #1 Heritage Time Travel Romance series

Love’s Vengeance
