The Folded X
by
G.R. Redland

Copyright 2014 Bryan Hsuan
Cover Art Copyright 2014 Bryan Hsuan

Smashwords Edition
Smashwords License Statement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copyright 2014 Bryan Hsuan

All rights reserved under International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. Published in the United States.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the publisher.

Any person who commits any unauthorized act in relation to this publication
may be subject and liable
 to criminal prosecution and civil claims for damage.

This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Table of Contents

A GEMI DREAM
PART ONE
CHAPTER 	1-11
PART TWO
CHAPTER 	12- 18




INTRODUCTION
THE GEMI DREAM

At the outset of our collective history, modern times began with the construction of the impenetrable maximum fortified barrier surrounding our Warped City—a magnificent fortress wall devised by the human race that live amongst us, known to the collectivity as the Sabanai.
Amongst them, rose the tradition of the Seeing Eye Guard, who were originally developed and trained for the purpose of fulfilling just one requirement, which was to protect the secrets contained within the most important phase of Gemi production.  This highly secret process does more than just to finalize the utility substance, which concerns primarily the quality assurance and control of all strands of Gemi created.  
The three minutes process has also accounted for all the revered restorative and magical effects of Gemi. The final moment of the elaborate process infuses every speck of Gemi with all of its abundance of healthful properties.  Through this final effort, the yield of the harvest manages to gain tremendous inducements that lead to the perfection of divisionary hallucinatory passages, bringing about the time-tested oracular and symbiotic confluence that is possible, pushing every facet of the Gemi’s effects to the very extreme, so that each of us can arrive at an experience that supersedes.  For nearly all users, so many of who have become purpose-driven in their activities, the life-enhancing transformation can be described as a personal and mystical relationship with the utility drug so integral to our existence.
No doubt, it would be impossible to have achieved success without the final process that manages to top off every other step involved.  The spectacular effect that these three minutes of production contributes to the overall yield can only account for much less than even a one millionth of a percent of the time that it takes to harvest the substance.  Even so, it is still inevitable that the finishing moment results in the difference between success and failure of the manufacturing efforts of all forms of Gemi.
For this reason alone, those who are directly involved with the final moments of the entire cycle are considered the most vital gatekeepers of the entire process, and they are the ones who reap the most benefit from their role in the manufacturing process. 
The Seeing Eye Guard not only received all of the credit for the success of Gemi, but, it is through the celebration of their work that we began to envision our own success; it became a natural progression and understanding that is through their identity that we have ordered ourselves as a society.  One thing was for certain, even if the importance of Administration controls were removed, The Seeing Eye Guard could make their steadfast claim to a heroic role in history.  
No Seeing Eye Guard was ever known to have mismanaged his work, and in the accounts of all recordings of the cold bank mainframe, there was never a word spoken to reveal that any Seeing Eye Guard shared much with the common people of our metropolis.  The only types who could possibly approach rivaling their importance in our Warped City were the Memorializers.  In spite of this recognition of their stature, we cannot compare the Seeing Eye Guard to The Hollow Twenty-Six.

Gemi would ensure our loyalties to the Seeing Eye Guard.  We relied so much on the usefulness of this utility substance that it was proclaimed by our leaders that the twenty-six strands of Gemi—from A to Z—would remain a utility for all collective identities, including everyone who spawned from the original four hundred and twenty-four cerebral and warrior classes, including those from the most auspicious tiers of our hierarchy.
Our entire lives depended on the harvests of Gemi from The Brayton Corporation.  So even though this secret circle of protectors who were the Seeing Eye Guard came in at the very final moment of the process, their hand in the production of the utility drug was monumental.
Later as the cult of the Seeing Eye Guard developed, they would carry on their reputation, proving themselves not just to be the source for becoming celebrities and stars for our constellation, but also they took on the role-playing of assuming the title of trendsetters to the collective populations.  Without the slightest doubt, they developed into fantastic cultural imperialists.
This band of heroes as some recognized them, were especially clever, because they knew for themselves that if they didn’t possess a major influence over all of those who made their life mission to advance a competing order, persisting without the use of Gemi, then the strength of civilization would suffer and find a weakness in standing alone, bringing about an ultimate and resounding collapse.  The result would be that the Brayton Corporation and also the phenomenon of the Seeing Eye Guard would not continue to be preserved in such a dire environment.  Therefore, for this reason alone, The Seeing Eye Guard championed also the forces against the Gemi, whose greatest proponents were the Subterranean Resistors.  Triumphant for much of recorded time, as it has been captured by the cold bank mainframe, the Seeing Eye Guard foresaw the importance of infiltrating into every existing group of population that could be discovered within the Warped City. 
Though it is not commonly known by most of the elite circles, the Seeing Eye Guard indirectly chose also to recognize and to establish the importance of the first Memorializers who followed the long series of the Phantoms of the Skies.  These men and women of sacrifice, who revealed an indefatigable nature, controlled all of those who never touched even a speck of Gemi.  The Memorializers led those lost individuals who pursued the impossible goal of recovering the purposes of the Creator.
The metaphorical hand of invisible power wielded by the Seeing Eye Guard, as a catalytic force that brought about the formation of the Memorializer contingent of the Tarhan Order, could not have been more unknown.  This is not to say perceptions of their importance in the consistency of history shifted or even flipped in terms of their popularity of importance.  As time went on, their fabled legendary quality in the involvement of the security of Gemi fascinated the majority of citizens.  Even more to their credit, of course, was that despite their fame and also temptations for vanity, they maintained the ability to keep the most critical stage in the production of A to Z Gemi entirely a stealth activity.
Many on all sides must have died in protecting these secrets, especially since the continuity of production happened all throughout the Seclon-Mathany Wars and also during the troubled eras, which took place while off-planet Orbital Wars wreaked cosmic havoc for many life-sanctioned planets.  The intergalactic was shaken by these estimable heroes of the ages, in ways that may not have been celebrated if some worlds had their way.  Despite times of turmoil and colossal change, the stature of the Seeing Eye Guard remained intact.
There were many misunderstandings as to the identity of these men and women, and also as to how these revered Seeing Eye Guard were able to complete their work.  From the very early times, prior to the rise of the merging of Gamenlish and Liramic ways of life, it was said that the Seeing Eye Guard were first established after a visit to the distant galaxy—to a third planet from their star known as the Solar Sun.
This, of course, is one of those ancient exemplary myths, and so it very well might never have happened regarding the beginnings of the Seeing Eye Guard; but, to this day, there are those who believe that it was through meeting the pharmaceutical minds of that fabled planet Earth that the process for cultivating, manufacturing, and producing Gemi was discovered.  Whether or not Gemi was derived from an alien race of beings—said to be the ancestors of the Sab Rangers and the Sabanai—is open to the interpretation of those protectors have survived.

The above is directly imparted in the secure language of Ancient Persoan-Urals, from the missing data files of the cold bank mainframe.


PART ONE

CHAPTER 1

There was something of a fascination in my anticipation for her appearance on the first occasion of our meeting.  After all, I had read her file and reviewed the documents contained in the envelope from my supervisor without seeing any image of a snapshot of her or even knowing her name.  So, naturally, when I learned that she was clever, astute, and also charming, it occurred to me that I might find this subject for my recording sessions an attractive person who was someone more than the typical retardant of flames who had been the series of my cold bank mainframe subjects.
Upon first glance, she appeared before me, wearing a long animated scarf.  It gleamed with sparkles of gold and silver wrapped around her slender neck, and the garment fell in long partially hiding portions beneath her chin—buried calmly within the shallow folds.  Lexanna gave off a strong first impression, because she alone wore a boa among so many people in the expansive hall.  It appeared so extravagant a decoration, drawing obvious attention.  She removed the scarf from her head by unwrapping it in lengths, as I began to better see her enraptured glowing smile.  On that day, I would find her stirring with affirmation for herself, absolutely rosy, possessing a much greater touch of sophistication than I might have guessed, based merely on the contents of her file.  Her attractiveness was natural for someone who shone wholesomely, with the promise of the alluring equine beauty of a stallion mare.
Make no mistake of it…there was something in her distinct quality of beauty that remained beguiling and unadulterated.  She was in her early to mid-thirties, and she exhibited nothing so base as only a sexual energy.  Undoubtedly, she was much more complicated than just a quality of heat.  The no-nonsense tightness of her lips, buoyed by her voluptuous cheeks, touched off by a soft piquant nose, created a solid impression of someone possessing a fleeting vulnerability, although such a disposition—for the most part—appeared far from her character.
From the outset of our days together, I could only marvel at the enduring intensity contained in her eyes.  In contrast to someone asleep or lazy and hiding behind a more aloof posture, she possessed lighted eyes filled with life.  She committed to others with a quality of being alive, in ways that was like no other woman I have ever met.
Her eyes were not just the most memorable features that pieced together and complemented her oval face's natural composure, but they were a set of perfect lunar crescent-shaped matching eyes which accented her face, fulfilling the intensity of her look, accompanied by the complementary outline of her perfectly centered auburn hair.  She possessed the celebrated eyes, larave features and gleaming irises, which hid among other qualities: fairness, tolerance, and equanimity.  I found this to be true, unless you uncomfortably stared blankly into her face for a very long time.  Some could get lost in such a vigil, if they lacked the wherewithal to know better—even looking dumbly at the most perfect map of maps, I could see that a person such as Lexanna intuitively knew the way for some discretely protected destination.

About her hair, the great mass of thin strands of curved lengths sprouting from her head made life easy for her to manage.  It was not the kind of hair that could be outdone easily.  When it came to fashioning a more outward attractive presentation in association with her comely face, she could always claim victory.  
Over the years, in my assessment of the hair of subjects, I have realized on more than one occasion, whether we want it or not, hair makes a sure-fire significant difference to appearance.  In Lexanna’s case, her long flowing mane of hair was the final addition of elegance to a natural intoxicating beauty.  Her stylish dew may have been an important elemental secret, since its flexibility and bounce exuded in part an incomparable engaging spirit.  
Though this woman was a person, most definitely, born into personhood, and she could not have been spawned from a lineage of lesser breeding, there were indescribable aspects of her nature that informed me of her creature instincts.  It was evident that she knew the importance for women to mind their appearance.  
When any beautiful woman took great care of their hair, and they conscientiously took charge of the fashionable quality of their dew styles, the proof was evident by the allure factor so clear, that time and duty apportioned to managing haircare was not wasted.

A great hairstyle picked up.  Just the success of hair alone could garner so many rewarding glances, all of them collected from admiring men and women.  Yes, males and females all around surrounded and appreciated a woman with great hair, which could be mistaken as art on one’s head.
Too often, women saw the cause for blinding themselves with diversions beyond the distractions that were not associated with contemplating in greater devotion their most observable contribution to their majesty—their hair.  My impression was that Lexanna observed convention little, tipping me off to the fact that she might have cared not for the practicality of fitting in. 
When she turned in the beige one-piece upper outfit, the sboov of her own drift kren accentuated, and I watched the getup lay snugly on her tender hips, providing a partial covering of the leggings that clutched sideways, extending from her shapely orella pants.  Naturally, being a person of professional disposition, with a tendency toward modesty during introductions, I averted my eyes, denying myself from paying closer attention to her form.
  
As her eyes darted my way, and as she glanced thoroughly into my direction with a tolerant glimmer of great honesty, I took note of the fine structural perfection that could be highlighted as the hallmark of her face.  It was not merely a visual feast for me to look at Lexanna.  Her muted presence reached outward to touch me, provoking a desire for contact that was understated.  Somehow, the vivacious nature of her gleam was so inviting.  The ardor contained within her—effusive and contagious in the air—denied any impulse that might have ward off shyness, so that she could remain open and inviting, enabling curious and interested people to approach.  
Yes, by seeing her, I knew that so many in numbers could have been magically drawn in.  Even the shy or afraid people would remain collected in her presence.  She was unlike the extremely vain, less sociable beautiful women who failed in their efforts to attract, because they demonstrated something that hinted at great unease beyond the exterior.  Such women were easily pegged for the type of women that they were—those who would succumb to abuse, confusing wretchedness for infatuation.  If only the gathered circles of people in the great hall before us did not have so much to do for themselves on this day, because they would have allotted Lexanna the attention that she deserved.  In commiseration with beauty personified with intense results, they would have assigned her more of the fascination that was the attention she deserved was owed to her.
    
In the final moment of my thinking about Lexanna, I let a sparkle in her partial smile touch me deeply.  It came as warmth all over my inside.  From that moment on, I knew that she was capable of inspiring an unshakable loyalty from me—even without any words spoken—but I would not give in so easily.  You just did not do it if you wanted to create any meaningful and lasting connection.
Somehow, in the seconds before we began speaking together, I sensed a heightened quality of endearment that communicated to me as if through a speed faster than instantaneous transmission.  A flash of ethereal sublime substance came from her, disguised as a twinkling of beauty.  This aroused my senses.
She would easily captivate me.  I would regard as once and for all, the most astounding female that one could set their eyes upon in the entire space of our first meeting, which began in the Concouse Vexum Hall.  This ranking of her was true and heartfelt, despite so much competition in the multitudes of people contained in the entire distance before us: there were so many well-dressed captivating people amongst us taking their sessions.  Could it have been love at first sight?

The place had stretched like the berth for a battle carrier that could travel in the realm of parsecs—not only drawing for the imagination the size of a floatable gargantuan hoverspace, which could have been filled with two or three of the customary lengths of less than colossally large peace carriers from the day.  
The Concourse Vexum Hall was situated not so far away and near to the Renson Planet Authority, a place known for its transport and heavy comings and a goings.  In the strain of traffic throughout the Warped City, this intergalactic node of travel, dispatched and received solo and multi-party hover vehicles, luxury spaceliners, peace carriers, and network command battle vessels.  This was the guiding habitat and the spacegate that enabled off-world reception into our domain.  Aviation regulations were enforced, dictating propriety and adherence to sociability requirements regarding all purposes of travel.  Our movement, sometimes conducted by virtual spatial transport, which was another form of Time’Scape travel, did not make use of the landmark facility, unless there were intergalactic passports for travel issued.  
Aside from claiming legitimate access to all quadrant sectors, and occasional ascendance to the outer atmosphere and other worlds, our megacity metropolis, the Warped City, was confined by an impregnable and unscalable maximum security barrier.  Inside the far-reaching perimeter of the wall, there were so many types of landscapes from which we could choose, since citizens of the collective populations claimed random access and also free passage to all places inside the city.  
The enclosure of the Seclon Wall prevented the Collectivity from going any further than the edge of forever—or the border zone—as the nameless called it.  Twenty-five million souls were protected inside the massive fortification, which contained the environs beyond what stood traditionally as pure urban landscapes.  
Allowable by travel were flying vehicles and spacecrafts moving in the atmosphere directly above the city grounds, mostly to and from the Renson Planet Authority, but in terms of outward movement, we were confined.  Our wanderings kept us from exceeding our habitat of the metropolis, so, in essence, we could not get past the wall.  Near any small increment of its existence, lay the threat of expiration, activated suffering, and immediate death.  There were many methods of disabling members of the Collective populations, and all of them paled in comparison to the damage done in meeting the wall head on.  This warning translated into everlasting protection.  We would be denied moving outwards, away from the center, past the physical definition of our Seclon Wall.  The indestructible barrier remained for the purpose of preservation and longevity.
I rarely went to the Renson Planet Authority, but quite often, I visited the other.  If it was not evening, with a thick fog extended like a tarp over where I went, emerging from the doors of the Concourse Vexum Hall—I could easily view—in the tremendous luminous spectacles in the distance, which remained illuminated for me and others to see.  Often in viewing the firm silhouette of the place, which was so artfully etched against the color of the skyscape, of course, it was impossible to imagine the worlds that were being bridged by the immensity of some of the vessels that came through.  Many a night, I stood there, enrapt in the glow of fascination, watching with authentic interest at the abundance of spacecrafts which could be witnessed coming and going, in so many variety of shapes, colors, sizes, and designs.

A ghost stalked, and was afraid of impotence, or even irrelevance, before the beginning of everything, which happened with the exposure that would occur in the very next week...
Lexanna and I spoke evenly, with a repartee that meant something to the way that I believed was the key to our incoherent dialogues at times.  Of course, there were so many confusing and questionable moments: our moments.
 These contained a nugget of truth or even a small splinter of burgeoning fantasy, rescuing them in ways that kept our sustenance for each other going...


CHAPTER 2

On that day, Lexanna stood there, within the Concourse Vexum Hall, and the Grand Hall beyond it, staring like a hawk, gazing over the entire interior, taking all of it in.  I was nothing like her, being so accustomed to everyone there—except for her incredible, stunning and paralyzing beauty…
There were so many who were getting ready to begin their sessions.  I felt an insufferable hankering in my gonads for her.  More than once, it occurred to me that I might have made a terrible mistake by inviting her to this place first, where intimacy collided with the rush of intense crowds.  Later, in the future, she and I would find more comfortable locations to further my work, places that would allow me to probe fully and escalate the intensity of our getting to know each other; but not now.  Was I kicking myself for not knowing?  It was probable.
My mantra: for some people, there is a time and place for everything.
The importance of smooth navigation and steady maneuvering through the many editions of her personality was a critical aspect of my work.  The immensity and vast size of the place would remain as the guide for our design; it was an entry onto the face of the map of our journey together, since what would take place in that afternoon was the very beginning of our sessions.
I took pride in the decision, whether or not I had selected correctly, based on the few absolutes that I could glean from her file.  A decision was a choice that advanced a forward motion to a linear and confiscated future in some cases, and I needed to be cautious to avoid the pitfalls.  So whether or not right or wrong, good or bad, it was imperative that we had to assure ourselves of pride in our decisions—or we might create in ourselves a mindset of becoming too discouraged to continue.
All eventualities between us would lead out from that place, the Concourse Vexum Hall.  These included common interests, complementary ideals, and, of course, whatever coterminous plans that would lie ahead.

Yes, on that very first meeting, she had shown a special charisma in coming to me.  Lexanna had locked into my frequency wave emissions, and she tuned into me like a supercharged particular, in the similar way that one behaves when closing in on a target.  She took a guided course in her steps, which minimized her use of energy, zigzagging all the way over to me, avoiding so many others who obstructed her path.
In the process of discovering my placement within the vast people-filled space, Lexanna had demonstrated an effortlessness that was rare in my experience.  She must have systematically located my entry spaces through her mobile selectivity settings—so as I moved, she also moved…so as I turned, she turned.
Once upon me, she did not break the silence with a weakened slovenly voice, like so many others had done before her.  Once upon me, Lexanna reached to take hold of my shoulder with a soft hand, but albeit a firm hand.  This gesture demonstrated a more aggressive need for my attention.  As was my custom, I wore a simple but fashionable sensitivity suite, enabling for better management of the surrounding environment.  The suit offered a higher-grade of texture and molecular design that interacted perfectly with my Ibn Abna Syngmer codex organ.  Lexanna’s hand left a lasting imprint, and my clothes captured the full detail of her palm signature.
Some other subject would have chosen voice control; however, she was drawn to locating and targeting me without saying a word—a feat that is much more indicative of some deep-seated apprehension.  The gesture she used in connecting to me, and the mode of urgency she revealed, echoed the behavior of only a small minority of subjects.  
They were desperate for change.  On some rare occasions, many of them remained too conflicted to know how.
The amazing thing was that I didn’t fully activate the tracking scanner, which suggested to me that her ability was something more than what she may have realized.  By not activating the tracking system, I was administering in part  a test, since a weak signal allowed for more confusion, and the possibility of a plurality of influences; hence, the Creator could be present and also a guiding party in the whole shebang.  Yet she found me, and so it may have been a latent talent—bordering on some form of esper-visio control—if she didn’t know clearly understand and grasp the extent of her powers.
 
Said she, with an almost mocking jeer: “I came here thinking that I should have waited outside the entryway—because the enormous number of people.  It is simply overwhelming, don’t you agree—?” she announced to me, ringing with excitement.  Then, with a firm measure of intimation she concluded: “—but no, after seeing what was inside, I found myself tempted.  I was tempted by the beautiful simulation patterns on the walls and also the architecture of this great interior!  I hadn't even noticed the vivid historical allure of all the patterns swirling around so many of the panels.  I must say, ‘I'm astonished!’  I am elated by the extraordinary depictions of the realities at hand.  Not so many structures devised by people have been conceived to grow so perfectly.”  
After this, she paused for a short time, withdrawing it seems in an invisible way, into some form of outer shell.  Perhaps she was assessing my response, to see if I were following her.  Everything in her body grew into motionless, except for her animated eyes that continued their movement, searchingly.  
I watched her gaze take in almost everything valuable, as if she were a collector in my presence.  With her fine-tuned sensitivities, I could see that she was ready and prepared to reap so much.  
Of course, her roving eye finally came to rest, fully focused on me; I would become the very last view of her selections, the final collectible of all that she coveted—if she so desired to have me.  When Lexanna found me with her eyes, a realization that I was taller settled into her mind.  
I could see this in the aloof and impassive look that was so different from the intensity that Lexanna would have allowed for—if we had been separated and far away, regarding each other from a distance.  There was not even a hint of cloying interest from her, since she stood so close by now.  I could not say the same was true for myself; however, being unaware of my own expressions in response to her, so much would require a review later to know the exactly quality of the disturbances beneath my mask setting—for a better result next time with regards to the interaction.   
An adjustment had taken place, because her Ibn Abna Syngmer was required to reconcile any expectations that would create too close quarters for our immediate connection.  When things were close, precision mattered.  There was a non-descript expression, followed by chortling, and then she breathed with deliberate excitement.
 
“It’s a woman who usually has a trustworthy head for fashion,” she then blurted to me, in an effort to dramatize sheer spontaneity.  “A woman with a sense for fashion is the only one who can understand this place in so many ways that others cannot!”
Taken by the exhilaration that seemed to catch so plainly in her eyes, I became enticed.  The entire vast interior was perfumed with a selective scent.  Inhalation of a powerful shooting mist saturated us with fragrance, which filled our lungs.  From every corner of the room, the overpowering scent fast-filled the expansive hall with something beyond the refreshing mountain air.  
For certain, they were cautious to not overwhelm, testing and retesting the conclusive safety in the amounts of whatever overflowed into the air.  Something strong was included for us to breath into our non-existent bodies.  The admixture measured in particles per million molecules and profusely intoxicated the place with a collection of sweet scents, which did more than just disguise any bad aromas from outside.  Beyond the walls of our structure, things were dirty, while, the insides—such an extravagant decorative interior—were exhausted in the efforts to cultivate promulgating health benefits.
As far as I knew, the breathable formulation added to our supplementation.  It was nasal-widening, and abundantly refreshing, comported with oxygen.  Every time, in the past, I had always looked forward to spending as much time as I routinely could in the environment, which usually translated to a complete shift of the day—a good three to four hours—if there wasn’t an opportunity to loiter more afterwards.

Lexanna seemed brimming with something that reminded me very much of a pro-resultant flare-up disposition, indicating that she was ripe for assimilation.  Perhaps it was her who had taken something stimulating prior to our meeting.  I did not know, of course, so I responded accordingly, with a perky twitching from the muscles around my mouth—an irritating nervous habit, because if people studied me too carefully, they would notice what had long ago been a cleft at one time that divided both halves of my upper lip.  Decades before the operation to restore the symmetry of my mouth had left only minor appearance of disfigurement.  Now, after the exchange, any trace of the way things had been required a specialized and intensive study from a trained eye to notice imperfection.  I did not think she could see, because I doubted that she had the power to see beyond this time—but also into the near, distant, or far past.
  
Lexanna was prepared.  At least this is what I would believe for a time, until she shared with me her standards in connection to what she thought was appropriate for recreational play.  Her enjoyment could not be thwarted—not even by a more defiant setting of her Ibn Abna Syngmer codex organ.  My interpretation was that her disposition hid a valid posture of being.  
Excitement combined with nervousness was a sign of indecision on her part, provoking a quality that some might have understood as weakness.  Despite what others could have believed, I read her behavior differently.  In response to her buoyancy, which seemed the effects of flippant energy, I required myself to demonstrate restraint for her enthusiasm, for concern of any kind of direct collision that would set her on a special edge, in a posture to rail against me.
Nearly always one to go by the text of our apprenticeship dictates—even when recall demanded that I resort to foggy knowledge that clouded my mind from many years past—I knew that in my position of authority, I had to be careful to overstep the rules of etiquette in my station.  How tenuous this often made my life, it to keep troubles at bay!

We were on for twenty some minute—saying nothing of importance.  
It was somewhere between a discussion about the hopefulness of the future, which was obvious malarkey, and what could not be explained about the past, which confused us even more.
It was always about the past or the future that we talked about, because the present was simply too dangerous for us to discuss.
Somehow, when she or I said something about the here and now, there was always the danger of them managing to hear us…


CHAPTER 3

Power is something that only awareness can train, and without a version of humility that understood the possibility of being wrong at any time—and also the potential of being wrong about anything—often enough, all types of predicaments tested our skills of remaining in balance; since the very nature of our fluctuations have proven that it is tremendously difficult to stay on the correct side of power.  The Down-Opposites and the Up-Opposites will concur or contest my statement, only because they believe in the theories that the other side does not; but both sides commonly stage the majority of their arguments around the cumulative approach and the exclusionary approach, which some creative rarities would assert—on the head of a needlepoint—are very much the same.  Hence, forgive me for stating the obvious, if you already know, but so much of what happens is based upon an interpretation of extrapolating intersections.
My fortunate fate was that on most things, I did not rely on such a minimal pivot of history, to make a decision and to come to terms with fault; and so I came at things with so much more confidence and from a different place and direction.  As already mentioned, I viewed everything often from the viewpoint of a confiscated future, which meant that I did everything possible to avoid a mindset of becoming too discouraged to continue.  
Power to me was fallible in mainly one dichotomy: it could not be withheld.  So like a physical force, in its infinitesimal unit, power could not be readily contained in the natural world.  Therefore, I viewed it visually and read it with a flow chart, and nothing else…The lesson taught to me by its coursing movement explained so much to me—much like the source from which all life flows, our River Tarhan.  
My understanding passed to me a greater understanding.  In this way, I viewed power as imbuing me with even more power.  For this reason of storing greater conductivity and self-consumption, I, or anyone else, could teach himself, herself, or themselves about power.  But, then again, there were few people who even cared.  They involved themselves with getting through the days, holding off danger, preventing mishap, and giving in to shame.
Whatever the case, I knew that all of my personal habits of rumination was theoretical, and the likelihood that my neighbors, a friend, or anyone in our small working team, could understand these contemplations, was ridiculous for me to presuppose.  As a result, I didn’t talk much about my musings or the ideas that percolated inside my brain.  In fact, my usually posture was to contain a good amount of potential while expressing very little in the form of the truly kinetic side of my explorations.

For the purpose of meeting with Lexanna, I was empowered with self-control.  Confidence from experience led me to believe that I could deal adeptly with even subjects who behaved in oddly, no matter how unexpected their behavior influenced me.  In every case I believed that I would prevail, because I viewed equality as a measure of difference, which explained so much more than making the traditional claims of parity for the purpose of setting standards.  In every encounter I would do my best to follow a path that could have no lasting detrimental effects.  
Accordingly, my posture would shift with so many subjects who I conducted sessions with.  With regards to Lexanna, I would assume a stance of rebuff, in the face of her fresh awakening.  This would complement her pro-active exhaust (a measure of discarding the unimportant) holding herself in a guise of progressive forms of showcasing liberality in the form of small talk.  I was just the opposite, never presenting myself with progressive fervor.  My shift would absorb whatever effusion she relieved herself of, and—in this way—my view generated a conservative stance, for the engagement of her pro-resultant flare up.  If she acted to counter, then my response would be prepared; I would not wait for confirmation from my own Ibn Abna Syngmer to go ahead and to react.
Sometimes—so often, in fact—I allowed for my instincts to take hold with their natural flow.  In this way, we mirrored each other.  In a similar vein to the method that she possessed a special talent for locating and finding me with the most efficient and direct path of silence, without using a more pronounced standard tracking signal, I also possessed a rare talent for interaction.  My skill in this realm manifested itself as imparting a commensurable tenuous fine line flow of power that exceeded the range of what was available for use in my Ibn Abna Syngmer.  With my talents, I had always felt a comfort with responding to all postures, stances, and withdrawals during dialogue and non-verbal exchange.  
Becoming too over-confident was the pitfall that generally remained in my blind spot of vision.

Lexanna proceeded by channeling a complex summary signal to me.  
For certain, she was correct in her assessment, which is that the conceivers of the hall had grown the architecture with dynamics that almost appeared like the handiwork from artisans and masons from long ago.  This, of course, was far from true, since the entire mammoth cavity and space within the structure was a purely biologically developed interior.  It had taken molding, programmed seed design, and the requirement of staggered engineered growth.
Only a rare breed of architects and builders understood how.  Few specialists like myself knew of the actual implementation of the full array of involved techniques.  The full legendary scaled growth of the operations—not to leave the extensive grooming done—might have invited protest, if the severity of the painful natural biological process were fully exposed.  For the average person who walked through the doors, the Concourse Vexum Hall remained seemingly indestructible and anchored like a great weight, a certainty that was obviously well-appreciated from an aesthetic point of view of architecture and structural soundness of what appeared to be a perfect commitment to engineering.
The structure was actually anything but a construction, because the celebrated landmark was actually a gigantic living and breathing formal body—recurring in life—and in need of on-going enhancement by the virtue of constant new blood entering through the doorways and the passages within.

“I am in love with spaces, and if there has been any I have seen to rival this arena...I must recount,” Lexanna said with a firm burst of approval.  Her true appreciation for the building assumed an unparalleled expression flowing through, as if the appraisal she made on the entire space were kindly massaging her face into a finessed submission.
“You wouldn't have invited me here to win my trust, just to kidnap me later, would you?” she then said to me boldly, holding her right hand before me, motioning for me to cease advancing toward her.  
The funny thing was that I did not move.
“I beg your pardon?” I replied, taking her all in, even as I shrugged and moved in retreat, drawing away with misgiving.  It had only been a searing moment of recovery that she had handed me, and yet, the touch of her fingers on my body had fired me up, feeling like the sensation of an infinite moment.  
I imagined that the heat from her fingerprints had singed me, leaving curlicues of redness.  Of course, this didn’t happen.  She then let go of my shoulder.  Her diabolical smile faded.  Somehow, despite hesitation I felt, my general regard for her would remain affirming.  She was congenial.
Lexanna continued: “...So I stepped inside, holding myself at bay…waiting and deliberating…before I made a choice.  I would allow destiny to carry my feet forward, or not…so I ended up choosing to wait outside the entrance.”  
She paused, turning to review the steps she had taken prior to finding me.  Spinning to surprise, she spoke chattily: “This is a fabulous place!  It’s nothing that I have experienced before anywhere else in the city!  Delightful! Unbelievable!  What wonder!”  
A half-nod.  She lowered her head while raising her coy eyes to me.  
“What’s your name?” 
We were standing just beyond the outer entrance of the Great Hall, in a queue lobby connection that opened up, paving the way to the main part of the room of my operations.  Her reaction was the startling fascination of a first time encounter.  
As already mentioned, hundreds were collected inside, seated across from each other, conducting the sessions in their assigned placements.   Yes, our firm connection would be established in the Detour Room of the Concourse Vexum Hall.  For me, the environment would take on a new life of its own, because I would not understand the significance of this first encounter, even though I could feel the importance.  
It was not easy for me to ignore her question for my name, because of the initial softness of style she expressed.  Besides, I genuinely wanted to please her.  But there was something off about her.  It showed itself as a delay, a disturbance from the time that her request was formulated in the region of thinking that informed her thought, in connection to the time that the idea traveled to the muscles in her mouth that guided her tongue.  
I took advantage of what I believed to be her disorientation.
“That room—” I said, pointing my finger in the direction of a particular door that appeared before us, “—no doubt you know, it is an escapist area…designated escapist, so that anyone who enters may be free to experience more than a tepid response to their surroundings.”
“Sir, I am asking you your name!” she said, asking for my name again with a modified sharpness that was almost shrill.  Her request could have been hurtful, but instead, the sound came at me and channeled into nothing more than abrasiveness.
“Why do you ask me so pointedly?” I managed to say, with a typical unevenness, not characteristic of how I perceived my own inoffensive underpinnings.
“You don't seem to warm up easily,” she said to me, after a moment of pause. “If I didn’t feel that it is urgent to ask you, I wouldn’t ask—at least not so deliberately as I have…and am now”.  
A look overcame her.  I was disappointed.  Then again, underlying the conviction, I was also forgiving.  After all, she had touched me with her hand at first—a gesture of needful outreach—before she had begun assaulting me with her words.  So, like a patient teacher, I would remember the before, despite her sharpness; I allowed for her initial action to count for something.  
Nevertheless, my mask setting prevailed, and then beneath, there was also my certitude and fixed calm: I was trained to show nothing.  Unbelievable humility is probably the most that I showed.  How could it be, with the technology assist taking place?  Bamboozlement could still be revealed in my eyes.  
My experience inside was an unmistakable inward capsizing.
—Coded, I thought to myself.  Her expressions were coded and therefore, they had to be fully decrypted for my proper recognition of what they were.  I knew who she was, and so it would become evident how I must deal with her.  
—You can’t forget, I reminded myself. First impressions were important.  

Lexanna began to cry.  
At that moment, I identified in her voice the same quality I heard earlier.  It was not at all self-reproach tinged with the tone of her plea—it was sorrow.
“Forgive me, Lexanna—”
“You can never know the truth,” she said.  I didn’t know if she was expressing an observation or making a declaration.
“And what if I learn something of it—”
“Then you would be forced to expire.”
“To die is nothing.  To live is everything,” I said automatically.  It was more than belief, the sentiment endured as a reflex.  They were programmed words, released with the mention of expiration.  
“To die is nothing.  To live is everything,” she repeated. 


CHAPTER 4

I needed more than just help to decipher the swing in her lips.  It was a controlled and protective-styled expression.  On the record she wasn’t sure about anything.  But in her lack of certainty, there was a quickness to act, arrogance, something to substitute for what I imagined was her inexperience.  She didn’t know if I was the one who she was there to meet, or if I would direct her to another me—the one who she was there to actually meet.  
You never truly knew these days!
Nevertheless, without knowing the outcome of her choice of any decision, I witnessed her going through a phase of being inspired, choosing to move ahead with an option for change: reversal.
It was in her and up to her—an obligation of varying type—to craft a response fully anew.  This is why I had been and remained vague about her identity, because in the format of her file, there were not only conflicts over the details.  Additionally, there had been also nothing to indicate surprise of the unimaginable.  As she stepped forward and maneuvered, I witnessed something more about her.  Astonishment.  Amazement.  Abrogation.  
She had demonstrated in a relaxed motion that she would be someone who would absolutely surprise me.  Then it was gone.  She was so much the surer for my interpretation, and then—poof!—her transformations revealed a terminus point, revealing that whatever synchronized as continuous could end at any time!  This was highly irregular for me to encounter, and so I felt challenged by the roughness and the extraordinary shiftiness of her readings.    
—She is a tricky one, I realized to myself.  I need to be patient and ride this one out.  At the same time, I also believed her wholesome nature.  As beautiful as she was, there were undercurrents of value that I picked up on, which insisted on the contrary to any of the surface level inconsistencies that were jumping out at me. 

I reasoned that I could pick up on more of her, in terms of her the enveloping quality of her self-presentation.  There was variety in her appearance that elaborated her state of being and expressed a continuity that could only be defined as elegant.  After all, she was extravagantly gorgeous.
In this manner, as layer upon layer of her became embellished with originality, she would grow to become someone new to me…someone lasting…and a personage entirely devoid of imitation.  At our first meeting, it was too soon to know so much about her personal revolution.  She had come upon a formula for her divisions—and it was incredible!—because she was fully capable of reconciling differences that might have caused anyone else to self-combust in a figurative sense—not so much literally, which was rarely the case.
I would not know that she could add to her identity with permutations of herself, revealing more than a penchant for inhabiting and relying upon multiplicity.  In accordance with the customs of the Sabanai, she was already setting up the framework to constantly start in fresh on herself with slivers of personality so that others couldn't be dismissive of her.  
Yet, she was not Sabanai, I had learned from her records.  So this must have been a part of her more favored choice to adhere to some tacit set of human values, and to assume for herself the superficial appearance of a consistency of culture, or the suitable adherence to a parameter of instructions long ago implanted within her body—if not also within the mystical relevant soul structure of her loosely formed contents.  
Yes, her choice was to be endlessly reinvented, in a way that only pros could manage to hold onto the elasticity of youth.   In this way, she must have been counting on me to serve her over the long-term rather than for our connection to incubate in a form that was exclusively the other way around.  
Unbeknownst to me, Lexanna was laying down the foundations for inconsistent fragments or fully contextual segments of her concealment and also the performance ability that she carried so well in secret—which were the dissembling acts that would reveal her liberally when she allowed for small breaths of her sinking demeanor to surface; these were fraught with change, planting seeds in my mind that would not come out as fortifications or barriers, but instead, they would disguise themselves as lower-level inconvenient bumped up oversteps, footprints to be avoided, in exchange for glimpsing her from a more breathtaking view.  

I knew that she was not married.  This one detail I could be sure of from her files, because it was rare for them to get this wrong.   I knew this to be true, and yet, despite the corroboration of her Ibn Abna Syngmer, there was something highly attractive that fell from her, as if sprinkled invisibly about her, suggesting an enduring attachment.  Yes, it was a deception that reeked of a whiff of connubial virtuosity that was so enticing.
Later, I would discover that she had such a loyalty to the symbols of her youth, that attachments of her earlier years remained still a dominant part of her.  This I could have descried—in a faint impression—if I had placed her visuals under examination, extracting her neutralities on my Ibn Abna Syngmer.  However, rarely was such intrusion ever my customary method of encounter, since I preferred to sample an aura without the assistance of the sys-rego tools that were exportable at the initial phase.  
Amazingly, Lexanna had never given away the signs of her youth in exchange for maturity and desecration!  For my purposes, her preservation could translate into a new definition for the description of aging.  
—Perhaps there was some kind of commitment that she had prudently kept to herself, I considered with skepticism.  I would need to ask her when our discussions got into the thickness of things.  At the same time—without intervening second thoughts—I knew automatically and without the slightest stumble of hesitation that it would remain an important priority to delve into such intimacies early on, preventing her from closing up for the duration of our sessions together.  
As I moved the detection device downward, pointing the probe elements briefly beneath her sboov blouse—an instruction that I generally performed with the sterility of a medically non-invasive procedure—I had to concentrate for some amount of inordinate time, because I received a continuous flow of a chaotic mixture of signals. Naturally, my commitment was to perform this without arousal or the prolonging of induction.  

First there was nothing, just smoothness, but then I learned of a combination of smoothness and also the confusion of a more arid match.  
Dryness meant that she had been embellished with artwork by an uncanny artistry.  After the first incorrect interpretations, I then discovered something deeper, harder to get at, which was wholly bewildering, layers beneath the layers based on the earlier readings.
I learned that beneath her chest and also on each of her breasts, there were the markings of spots, comprised of comprised of a multitude of symbols.  Some of them were the characters that represented her various moods, while others—like alphabets couching language that could be underlined—were supported with the specter of neutrinos of very itty-bitty ideo-synthentic granular units amounting to nothing, compelling most people to act…nevermind the infusion of the much larger and discoverable particles that either scented the air, or accompanied the scenting of the air we breathed.  If only she were one of us, then Lexanna could remain responsive to substance violation committed into her body; but she was not like one of us I would later learn from my experimentations.  
Yes, her body was a source of illustrations.  The diagrams of a young nubile female radiating from the rest of her epidermis still belonged to a girl in youth enduring wholesomely as a spirit within her aged body.  On the outside, she was spotted only on her breasts, but, on the inside within her, Lexanna was covered in inspired artistry.  Dramatic colors.  Cush designs.  Reaching illustrations.  Heralded patterns.  
Lexanna possessed so benign a youthful body inside of her, within the layers heaped upon layers of incredibly slender growth—not effecting her weight of girth—that I enjoyed her as one could only take comfort in a private child entertained by thought alone.  
The uncommon radiant energy exuded outward, generations of development removed.  By contrast, the child in her was still fully intact, and, therefore—it was realized by me—that the winnings were hers.  
Amongst pictorial arabesques there were faint and invisible butterflies emblazoned in specious exuberance, outclassed by each opposite and a pair unto themselves, revealing so much color and ornamental motif; she possessed one on each spotted breast.  Life in a representation of so much grandiosity erupted from her bosoms, beneath the unadorned layer of derma that remained her actual skin.  
I could see this clearly with the assistance of my device.  The detectors were extra-sensitive, beyond reproach in their exactness.
“Stop reviewing me,” Lexanna protested.  
Surprised by the alertness of her sensitivities, I retreated.  Most who had received these minor examinations were oblivious to the intrusion.  She was an anomaly.  I supposed that the youthfulness of her inner body made every difference, since in my experience with so many subjects who came before, I have never examined one with so young an inner body as hers.
“You know, I’m hardly doing it,” I replied, a brief murmur under my breath.  My concentration was still engrossed in the evaluation.  
“Stop it, you!  Rodrigo!” she then abruptly called.
Even in the mention of this nickname, which was my childhood moniker that no one could have known, my countenance became filled with an air of rigidity, which—fortunately for my expression—remained the spirit of the accustomed procedure of my probing.  I hedged, veering off slightly, before choosing to continue.  
“What did you say?” I asked with a measure of uncertainty. Violations were abound, generally, but not everyone could be construed as behaving intentionally.
How had she known my pet name? My mother had always called me Rodrigo before my sad and neglected childhood.
“I said stop it, you are odd let go,” she clarified herself.
“I must have misheard you.”  Then flabbily, I added in a tone that worked best: “I will only hover a moment longer—my sight will retract now.  I’m  almost done if you feel this with a measure of inconvenience.”  
Then I was out and away from her, brought back into the open of the vast space of the Concourse Vexum Hall.  So many of us were taken up in the communications with our sponsors, and engaged in dialogue that the recording specialists who were assigned to the other subjects, all managed and perfectly determined by the cold bank mainframe.

Even if you didn’t believe in their powers, or how they may have been violating the morality and the ethics of the preferred side of our divine nature—it was evident that something or someone had almost complete control over us. 
“From start to finish…”
“From back to front…”
“From forward to backward…”
“From top to bottom…”
“From outside to inside…”
“From now until then and also from then back until now…”
“From today until tomorrow and from the day before yesterday to yesterday…”
I remained silent after she had said no more.  
Then, of course, there were other voices that dispelled the truth.  


CHAPTER 5

As the surroundings surfaced for me—as if by magic—my concentration gave away to awareness.  A cacophony of sounds rose around me, and I slowly returned to the premises.  They had been there all along and I had been somewhere other than where I stood in the relation to things.  
Chatter once again filled the environment, rising in the conductive air above all of our heads.  So many people were present, engaged in banter, moving to their enclosures, separated by walls of light beams.  
“It's so dastardly...you're behavior,” she remarked.  “We’re not even seated yet.”
She was correct, but I did not afford her the level of attention she was demanding of me.  I was still astonished by my find.  
“You have an unusually youthful self.  You are as much of an extraordinary exception as anyone who I have seen in my days!  It’s not like anything else…”
“Are you calling me peculiar?” she intoned.
“Most people aren't able to determine so much, or…in your case…to give off such strong and evident articulation of their natural state within.”
“You mean show so much, apparently,” she responded.  
“Yes,” I said, swallowing.
“Well, couldn’t you wait?  A different place, I don’t believe that I would have taken as much offense…”
“It’s only because you noticed,” I quickly replied.  “Many fail to notice.”
“Not me,” she said.
It was true what she said.  I had to be more careful around her, because she appeared beautiful and like a force to be reckoned with, so that it was natural I did not expect sensitivity to underlay it all—so solid in its foundation.  
I felt obligated to explain.  
“When you’ve seen as many subjects as I have, the difference can be obvious.  So I decided to go in early, to get a fresh examination…I mean evaluation—”  Stumbling was not going to help me, but I felt taken aback, offset in my balance with her reactions.
“Don’t people change from the moment of the first meeting, to later?  If you had waited…I could have settled in for it better…I could have been at a natural ease.”
“No,” I replied.  “No, I’m afraid not.  Others…they do wait.  They also forget.  Some intentionally forget, because the later they make their effort, the worse the results are.”
She frowned, because I was not engaging her in the way that she wanted to be engaged by me.  I continued with a steady measure of confidence: “No, I’ve never seen the likes of you.  I’ve encountered close—,” I lied, “—but not usually so much to reveal, like the same as you…”
She was not responding favorably to the inner probe.  In fact, there was disgust surfacing rapidly in strange twitches that covered different parts of her expression.  First her mouth, then her nose, her eyelids and a mole near her nostril.  There was a sense of disturbance and a streak of sadness that erupted on her face.  She was so so lovely, and the incompatible behavior of separate features on her face seemed to draw together, making her all the more beautiful for me to study.
Lexanna then shook her head slightly, even as something in her eyes told me of her complicity.  It was bold and also (to use her word) dastardly—as she had called my instruction; but nevertheless, the audacity that I exhibited must have done something good.  My emboldened trace of honesty—which she might have interpreted as complete and unadulterated candor—must have revealed to her my insistence on making her a higher priority, and not trying to fake her out with bluffs.  If I could be so straightforward to her, then she must have reasoned that she could react with the same gutsy dependency on the truth. 
“I don’t appreciate your early attitude,” she snapped.
She was calling my intrusion—the instruction of my technique—what was acceptable in all professional circles, an attitude!  
—It was nothing more than an overture probe, I thought to myself.  
Something made me chuckle mildly inside, despite the flair of anger that grew and flourished in her eyes.  If only she had known what real attitude meant…I knew that in my expression I looked different.
“I’m sorry,” I apologized again.  “You won’t find me like that…in that way again.”

In retrospect, everything that I did was approached with mishandling.  I had spoken somewhat absently.  It was just small talk to me, carrying on conversation, while I tended to more important concerns.  
My thoughts were still on what I had uncovered in her: a remarkable vitality, all filled with inner personal artistry, preserved in a body of majestic youth.  Her light turned resolutely, focused inwards, not just dissipating into a diffusion of dispersion outward!  How did she do it?  Normally, so many could not send and retrieve with the same emphasis of collectivity, having it both ways…
It was quite an accomplishment—I supposed—the kind that people could not be aware of, because a perspective from the side of corruption was the only way by which such innocence could be noticed.  She was not stunted in her growth, and yet, Lexanna was fully preserved with uncommon youth.  There were no words for what I had discovered!  She could not have been any more amazing, even if she had been human.
“It’s just a confirmation of your value intakes,” I then added.  
“What you found, you know I can verify.”
There was a momentary lapse of a brief hush that passed between us, so impressively silent that we both felt a boost from the charge.  She was patient with me.  I could see it in her eyes.  I had already gained what I wanted to know from the brief moment of conclusiveness of the inner probe.  Of course, I would never forget to make it happen, not with her: the only her of both impure and pure development.  It was a mandatory speculation for male, female, and others—recommended for all alike, or as if the same were one in uniformity.  
I refrained from asking her how she maintained such a youthful inner self?    Perhaps there was no other explanation, but in my experience, it was more likely that she had made a special effort.  This early on, explanations would jeopardize our balance.  I did not petition her to tell me her secret.  
—It is so, I heard within me an inaudible voice inside my head.  Sub-vocalization was so common for me, in the case of meeting beautiful women.  She had managed to hide her will in the evidence of her manifestation of the dictates of her choice.  Not so many were lucky in this way, choosing the terms of their preservation.  
Most were not in control to know the differences.  

Obviously, she received the nurturing openly, to favor her years with so much more preparedness than the usual subject who remained oblivious to suggestion.  She was intuitive also, far more so than even the most precocious kind of child.  So much so our interaction had so far seemed rehearsed.  
Though I did not pry, I concluded and reasoned that someone had given her something to remember when she was a child…an unforgettable love.
—Lexanna will hold on for dear life, I realized.  
If she had a secret, the world was an open secret and she would be closed.  If she did not have a secret, the world was closed and she would remain an open secret.
Little did I know.  
In retrospect, I realize now—much, much later—that I pondered erroneously, thinking more clearly about her markings than I did about her.  My reaction was due simply to the fact that she was not like anyone from my past.  There should have been an overt shallow display of nothingness dancing before my eyes, as if I were still entranced by the visual sensations unleashed by the probe; but somehow, the conclusion was not there.  I neither felt nor saw any dancing effect this time around.  
It was for purity’s sake!  The after effects did not match what other subjects had yielded for me…in my so so many up close and personal examinations.
She was both hypnotic and reforming, if I were to describe my reaction to her in non-approved dislocating lingo. 
—This aberration must have connected to her other faculties in the form of her being, I reasoned to myself.  

Never had I ever met anyone so gifted in her own personal sense of time travel and the ability to toggle between and navigate through the vicissitudes of temporal territories as her.  
In her representation of herself before my eyes, the body that she possessed operated on an economy that was entirely stripped to the bare bones essential rules of continuity of movement, and—without using a measurement device such as a deviated adjulator monitor—there were no hints or clues of her suffering at all from the bends of her time transitions.  
—How had she managed that? I wondered to myself.
The way that her markings and their significance had eluded me, was so very odd, because I was casually aware of displacement for temporality, not conclusively aware.  There was a difference.  
And then, of course, there was also her exclamation at my work, knowing the secret—my childhood pet name bequeathed to me by my mother…she had called me Rodrigo.  
Even if I misheard, this was an indication that our synchronicity was not an accident, even as unintentional as her quip had been!  Though she claimed to have said ‘you are odd let go’, I misheard her—and was certain that in the moment of believing that she had spoken the other, Rodrigo, I had heard correctly.  Even afterward, following her denial of what I had heard…I still doubted her clarification because my ears would not have deceived me as greatly as she implied, given the proximity of our positions.  
Being mulish was not the same as overconfidence.  
So very odd was she, indeed, I determined to myself, since, on her outer reading—in the very first one—at the very surface of the first three layers of decryption—Lexanna had artwork that revealed nothing unto her skin.  The sophisticated coding that she engendered further complicated my understanding.  It was only through the reflection of projection that one practiced specialist could implement that which might decipher the meanings imbedded so cleverly on her body.  
She was a rare case, an abstruse recondite anomaly.  

The doctrine of pre-emption with regards to the types of outcomes that are possible within the darkness of our environments was a frightening reality.  The problem was that there were no borderlines for the fate that afflicted our lives.
  We knew neither the rules, even though the edicts of the Dual Lawgivers had been drilled so incessantly into our minds—and they were there—all around us in the air.  
Everything was very dangerous, because not only could lives be lost with the information taken down, but, additionally, we actually had the potential to lose so much of ourselves…so very much more than just us.


CHAPTER 6

There were no designations that were improbable, considering the permanence beneath the outer layers and also what could be read as plainly visible for the existing contents of the insides of her.  Regardless of these mesmerizing findings, holding me in a state of unexpected withdrawal of understanding, I failed to pay attention to her signals.  If only I had the opportunity to examine her with a more intimate and piercing method of discovery.  A more advanced program was required.  Such a chance would not come easily.  
My thoughts truncated with the austere sound of her voice.
“Give me your attention.  I’m speaking with you!” she attempted to command me.  She could have been softer, more imploring.  I could respond in no other way than behaving deaf.  After she perceived that I had ignored her for some moments, perhaps waiting for a delay in her insistence, she tried again…with a much different approach and tone.
“You’re adrift.  You are not being fair to yourself if you are adrift.  I am not here to stand on your island!  Give me your attention.”
 As it happened, I had become lost in a state of mystery, because my typical behavior and reaction to all influences in a subject, dictated that I make myself less and flow with the power.  However, in her case, I felt myself constrict inconveniently.  Was she too beautiful for me to encounter?  Perhaps she was as surprised as I had remained—so very astonished—from that time when  our eyes had first met.  I must have appeared out of my mind, lost in a reverie of substantial discombobulating disorientation.  There was something of a temper that edged in, creeping boldly into her features, like some airborne creature, an insect alight on her, I noticed as her face seemed to crack not so nicely…
“You’re behaving in such odd ways again now,” she seemed to stammer.  “You ingrate!”  It was possible, she said nothing, but this is what I heard; it would take qualification later, through my Ibn Abna Syngmer to know the exact oscillation factor.
Snapping awake to the neighing sound of her voice, I retracted to uncontested rudeness.  Suddenly, my attention was focused all around, to the people who were so dissembling and who were circling, it seemed, like the crafty swooping types that they were!  Had I missed something?  Had there been food placed along the vertical panels of walls and windows…food and nourishment for the taking?  Any time food appeared, people behaved differently.  The thought of some of the finer items that they offered rose to my mind, and I felt my stomach grumble.  
The sense of it all spread, and you could feel a craving capitulation if you were ready to give in also.  That is why, so often, at the site of our meetings, I made attempts to hold onto my autonomy, trying to notice nothing, to remain single-minded in my pursuits for excellence...
 
Even without having read her file, anyone could have concluded she was the type to force her way.  It must have been in her lack of grounding.  After all, the streaks of time travel could not be disguised on the records.  This impasse was all fight in her, with no contentment.  Of course, the resilience of her posturing was evident by the sheer authorial tone of her voice and the sharpness of her expression.  
After all, I would later discover, she was her own action, always harboring a natural resistance to the surroundings.  She was nearly never a reaction to the elements and the environmental factors that might have influenced so many others who were not even considered comparable to her standard of beauty.  
All aspects merged with a smooth confluence in her case, as features were evaluated separately but coalesced into a singular unified aesthetic.  
Whether her autonomy belonged to her, or the quality was due to some contextual details surrounding her dilemma—pushing up against perfection in competitive disagreement—it was impossible for me to know at this stage.  She was representational of a different mode of surviving, revealing not even the slightest capitulation to an angle of repose.  
Yes, she would pay no heed.  Lexanna exuded pure defiance in an elegantly packaged feminine framework.  Her knowledge did not do what such superior knowledge does to afflict so many others.  It’s conclusive certainty in so many aspects of feeling, thought, understanding, and truth…did not betray her.
Shortly and soon enough, I would learn that independence made her all the more special, even though it was the case that on our very first occasion of meeting, the saturation of our brief encounter made the commingling of our auras only the very edge of our alliance.  In fact, within what could be construed as a conjugal dream, we had each determined a greater connection, coordinating in our own thoughts and our own separation a purposeful and intentional plan.
Hence, I would not know how deeply this posture of self-determination permeated her being.  She was even so certain about the things she did not know, such as my name.  
How jarring her effect was!  How jagged and unrestrained!  I realized that for her, the sense of certainty and confidence was not a quantitative value—but the reason for her winning in this respect had so much more to do with the qualitative nature of her belief and actions!  Every aspect of Lexanna was an assertion, even though I did not believe that her insistence was an artificial screen, to shadow any deep-seated desperation, or whatever it was that she feared, inspiring her to grab hold of my shoulder.  
Thinking about it now, I realize that she was the type to radicalize with a shift that alternated: hot and cold, yesterday and today, back and forth, and in and out.
Despite this being true, inconsistency could eliminate an earlier action in her, a mode of thinking, a behavior…or simply her relying on just being.  The cancellation was negligible, as long as she rebounded, came back…and corrected.  I believed then that I could not only suspect that she would take such a course—especially in an emergency—but also that I could trust her to observe such a course of action.

In so many instances, she would behave like the tip of a knife coming down between fingers on an open hand, with a palm flattened, choosing the tabletop, while the knife jumped back and forth, moving and falling in between—avoiding the flesh but poking and leaving indentations—small and gradually plentiful nicks—albeit light, withstanding nothing on the hardened surface.  
It was a game that I remembered, and which I could recall so palpably the sensation of feeling that came to me, while I witnessed and watched nervously the demonstration by the sailor man on that trip along the River Tarhan.  
Why did I see a commonality with her presence—my experience on that day at the Concourse Vexum Hall in the Detour Room—with that other memory which surfaced so abruptly into my mind at roughly the same time?   The surprise of it, due to the daring nature, had ambushed me with complete surprise.  It was a memory that somehow I had earlier put completely out of my mind for one reason or another.  
—Had this memory at all happened on the riverboat traveling down the River Tarhan taken place at all?  Or was it provided for me somehow, in the ways memories can be like sponges?  
	For a tempestuous brief instance, I recognized something of a fallacy in my thoughts, as the two balanced to conform into one.  I realized that some memories were like the fulsome surprise of a rain-soaked cloth—so clear and accessible only when the cloth is fully wet!   
	—Had the episode escaped me, suspended in some dry place in my permanence of mind—caught inescapably in a dripped dry pocket somewhere along the way to stored away deeper recesses of my recollections?  I wondered to myself.  I knew that this could be said of so many unremembered occasions!  
	I compared these occasions to bland and arid fabric, with the details folded away in the parchment of my brain’s drier tissue—if such a version of my mind is present and possible—reduced to the grate of so decrepit and retired thoughts, that any significance of the riverboat pilot had been swept beneath an undertow of some kind and failed to retain a sense of life!  His haunting presence and the faint memory of the damage he had forged on me were completely dried out.  
	If so, then so be it, because the memory of him collapsed inside of me was preferable, since there was something unbearably evil in him to behold.  Incurable things remembered are a pain to our already soiled minds.  I should indicate foremost that my escape from what happened to me, in the form of memories, could be counted as a blessing, because the evanescent process of purification were brought on by the quality of a more complete erasure, due to the equivalent of the sweeping nature of a desert-landscape cleanliness unleashed upon my mind, in light of the terrible truth regarding his snatching of my person.  
	Such forgetfulness can only happen, brought on by the blessing of the strong aridity of something very much like the enduring nature of drought—which is undesirable—but in an irony of enduring benefit, the cleansing can also be fresh and clean.

Still, more important for me to express now, at this juncture, is to explain not how the memory of the riverboat captain and his game with the dangerous dagger escaped me, but rather, how I had suddenly been able to resuscitate the episode, in the presence of encountering Lexanna.   
For inexplicable reasons that I still cannot put my finger on today, except to say that she had catalyzed the release of the moisture that the memory was lacking, somehow things had changed in her presence, and my sense of recall of the vivid little experience on his smallish riverboat—driven by this curmudgeonly pilot who is to blame—became enlivened and filled again with the derangement of life!
	To relate the episode with as clear and as detailed a narrative recounting as I can possibly prefigure for readers, I will begin in this way: the entire episode happened in the following rabid manner. 
	On that day, I had ended up watching his macabre stunt, which was a demonstration within the tiny one-person enclosure of his boat’s single occupancy cabin.  As already related, the entire episode had all suddenly revived in my memory—returning to me—like the troubles that one remembers in the event of facing a shock that has taken place some time ago, through re-edification and an embodiment of true horror.  
	Of course, I was terrified once again, but the tragedy, was so that I could proceed with the process of mining and revitalizing what had been missing for so long.  It had been blocked, like the text of a script that was meant for the rejection heap, simply because one is deemed the incorrect status of identification; but rather than being permanently reduced to waste, my memory was stored in mint condition—albeit irretrievable by the state I had harbored for the longest time—and recovered by the connection that I had made of the two concordant opposites, which is my experience with the riverboat pilot and the contrary pleasing appearance of Lexanna in the Concourse Vexum Hall.

If you wanted to do further damage, and to give a hero his due, then you are ready to destroy a civilization and everyone who comes after—casting them away as casualties who might be lost to the future—because they’ve squandered themselves in their temporary existence of now, in a desperate effort to obviate the inevitable nature of deception denied—embalmed of fatality.
This is the reason why, for such a long time, we’ve subscribed to a lifestyle that we have moved so slowly to adopt, and it is also why we remained undetermined in so many ways—indecisive and confused to a fault—because we were living by the open roads philosophy of non-existence, rather than by a roadside philosophy of pre-existence.  
Post-reform would happen—it was only a matter of time.


CHAPTER 7

To be perfectly candid about this grotesque pairing, at first, I could not decipher the reason for why there was a special sign of significance between the two unrelated people and events, since, in being taken in a surprise attack—it seemed—by the experience that I had seemingly long forgotten, so much returned in a flush of intolerable cruelty that had no connection to her compelling aura.
Perhaps the reason that she made me think and recall the vessel ride along the river on that day, had everything to do with her approach and style that kept me guessing.  Though a woman cannot be compared to a game with a knife in a respectful sense, in a similar way that I could realistically draw a comparison between a knife to the shaft and pointed phallus of a man, there was still a persisting lingering reason for why I could identify the two as something relevantly attached together—for the purpose of explaining the complex thought processes of what I have always believed to be my simple brain.

Yes, for a fact, I had learned this old sailor’s game once upon a time, not so long before I began my tenure with my present department, the Intra-Division of Omission and Errors Board—the IDEOB.  On that occasion, I had found myself with a few short weeks on my hands, so I had chosen to make a pilgrimage to the far place that I have always wanted to go to, which is to the Gorges of Theremon.  The journey had required several stops along the passionate retreats that so many of the named found journeying toward pilgrimage, as they choose their destination.  The name of the floatation vessel was obscured and difficult to make out because of a covering partially hiding the letters; it made its routine trips this way, riding up and down the River Tarhan. 
It had been a private charter, and there were scheduled other passengers, but on the day of that brief journey—a full day of traveling—I had been surprised to discover myself alone with the pilot when we departed; but he had explained to me that the other passengers had made their itinerary change, so we would be going alone—just he and I.  
As a group, the tourist bunch schedule to accompany us had set out on foot for another sector.  So this pilot—whose name is the only element of the story I truly fail to remember—had departed with just me.  Yes, it had been just he and I, and the lack of passengers did not quite bother him, but instead, he seemed in great chipper spirits, elated by something reminiscent of a great thrill.  
By the afternoon, I had become sickened from the starshine beating down on us, even as I remember being struck by the beauty of the enduring waters flowing on each side of our craft and the strong visuals of the scenic panels of remote landscapes that flowed alongside of us.  The breeze was strong against us, pushing winds upstream, but this did not faze me one bit.  My sickness was mainly due to a combination of influences, and one of them may have been related to some food that he had excitedly served to me when I denied being hungry.  Afterwards, I remembered falling ill and I had discovered myself protesting against myself—my seemingly inept state—and needing to retire away.  

	As already mentioned above, what happened next has eluded me, staying long dormant and void from my thoughts for so long, eluding me in the same manner that some rodents and various kinds of insects will scurry or vanish at the brightness of the starlight coming down on their material presence during the day time. If I had never recalled the happenings with the riverboat pilot, I could have been more liberated from the episode than taken captive by it—in a conscious sense—and so for me to remember it suddenly so clearly, as I did in my meeting with Lexanna at the Concourse Vexum Hall, indicates that I should be thankful despite my misgivings for ever having allowed myself to fall into such a terrible predicament in the first place. 
	Funny that I could only remember the entire course of the nightmare for the first time, in the presence of Lexanna, since she evoked such stirring in me, enabling me to be unafraid or possibly more courageous than I could retain (in the form of courage) on my own.  
	Yes, the exposure to Lexanna strangely brought back that grotesque memory of the knife, the pilot, and the River Tarhan—as together they wove an overhanging vision from the future…not just from the past.  Somehow, all of it materialized before my eyes, in a vivid collection of details, which did much to confuse the routine process of acquisition of the surroundings that was the standard capabilities of my external intake of sensory eyesight perception.  
	Understanding that I was sickened by something more influential than I could bear on my own, the pilot stopped the boat, docked it on the edge of a great landscape of solitude, hidden within shadows of over-arching trees.  The docking space was all along the ridges of mountains nearby and a treeline of a dark  forest.  I wanted to stay outside, but my feeling was worsening, dominating as if it were gaining on me.  Then he had proceeded to lead me to his cabin.
It was there, in the dank humid air of the stale insides, which he had sat me down and began to demonstrate the knife game that I now speak of.

	The game with the dagger he had played expertly, performing it for my innocent gaze as I sat before him, arranged at his side, drooping back in a queasy mess.  
	As he had guided a knife with one hand, lifting and dropping it, moving it in a faster and faster sequence, repeating the same incremental addition first, and then making the second dual incremental subtraction—all in a confluent staccato and yet fluid motion—all to avoid cutting the flesh while proceeding with the game, I had watched with delight at the activity.  
Then I had remembered how he stopped for me, having shone a bright smile in my direction.
“This is how you do it,” the sailor had told me, on that occasion, as I visually grasped the game.  Patiently, then he had begun again—on the second occasion—moving with a slower pumping motion of the hand wielding the knife.  We had remained inside his cabin, in very close quarters, playing this on the foldable table, seated on his bed, while rain had begun to fall all around outside the boat.  The second demonstration had ensued, except this on that occasion it had taken place at so much of a slower pace, all in the effort to train me.
“One…two.  One…two.  See?  One two, one two…”  
	The knife had gone deeper into the surface of the table each time, because his hand could not draw the tip of the blade out as quick.
	I had nodded in reply, even though my inward reaction of freezing had been based on my lack of nerve.  “It’s a break, a break, a break…but you must think…  ‘This is one unstoppable and agreeable ride!’  One, two.  One, two, three.  One, two, three, four.  One, two three, four, five.  Understand?”
I hadn’t understood, but as the boat had rocked, I had shaken my head, before he had passed me a glass of cooler. 
“Do you know swagger?” I remembered he had begun saying, after having stopped the exhibition.  “Do you want to learn swagger?  —Swagger is what you do to catch a woman, because they like that sense of confidence in a man.”  
Then he had stopped.
“Want to learn?”
I had shaken my head.
	“I can do it, but only if you learn…all the better and more rewarding for this trip, don’t you agree?”  
	“Maybe,” I had told him.
	“The reason I say this…is because you can take as many three-vid images as you want of the River Tarhan, but without a skill learned from this trip, you may never remember as well as all that which has happened—if you remember at all!”  The last words I had heard, as if he had been confiding in me.  Then there had been an ominous quality to his voice, the way that it had trailed off.  
	“Besides,” he had then said, lowering his eyes and showing me that he understood something that I didn’t quite understand: “—Two beats one…you can agree to that, right?”

	The nerve-wracking game could not have been any more directly associated with something relating to Lexanna than I could explain without a full out, all encompassing passage of detailed illustrative description.  In this way, developing and delivering a document such as this—my own authorial tome—provides for an enlightenment that some person can reinterpret as a vote for freeing our future—the posterity of our own making—which could become heinously dull, if we should forget our sense of wonder about even the bleakest of times, in juxtaposition with the most wondrous of them.  Two beats one…Yes, now I better understand what he had meant, because there was a Down-Opposite and an Up-Opposite side to every single spin.  
“Oh yeah,” I had replied, taking a sip of the glass in my hand, the cooler that I would imbibe so much on that fateful day.  I remembered drinking two more hasty gulps afterwards.  The moment had been lost to me, and then, on that occasion, with Lexanna meeting with me for the first time…it had been found.
	Somehow, on that rushed and frantic afternoon of our first encounter with each other, in my instantaneous reaction, I was given the gift of noticing more than just the parallel of so much from both the past and the present.  Together, these stages of time would intertwine together, bestowing upon me a new future.  What it would be, I could only have guessed at.

They could touch and molest our outer-most physical selves endlessly and powerfully through a flicker of their impulses—which ultimately headed inwards, to the very vessels that pulsated within our non-existent bodies, culminating and releasing in final redoubling blows.  
Their impact hit us with such severity, that they influenced far beyond the harmless throbbing that was described commonly, and so often characterized by those who wished to euphemistically deny the hideous nature of the real pain caused by their punishing onslaughts.
	Whatever the case, in the final analysis, they penetrated directly into our brains, and they touched the very thought centers of activity that so inspired us—or which took everything away from us, depending on how one looked on at our narrow scope with the mention of everything—all that would be included in the precluded. 


CHAPTER 8

The riverboat vessel pilot had then smiled, holding his opened hand, with all fingers pointed outwards.  Then he had lifted the hand flattened fully on the surface of the table—his left hand—before having turned it over and showed the full palm to me.  When I had nodded, indicating my inspection was satisfactory, he had then turned it over and exposed the backside to me, as if to say through gestures: ‘See?  No cuts.’ 
Of course, I had then smiled back, responsive.  I think I remembered having repeated to him: No cuts.’  Later, when he had continued with me, I remember having recalled watching him intently—more absorbed—as he had begun again, working the knife with increased agitated movements under the guidance of his right hand.
“It’s the ramshackle express!” he said, laughing brightly.
“You play a game with one hand, by taking a chance on the other?” I said, fearful for him.
“Only when the one does not make a mistake, can the other remain out of harm’s way,” he said, sniffling, because suddenly, he appeared ready to sneeze—even as he let up nothing in terms of the velocity of the dangerous continuation.  I was fearful for him, and yet, fully amazed.

How the two hands had complemented each other remains today what I am most interested in; and, for a fact, I will share that I had never been so much captivated by the game itself.  In many ways, it remains even now, having been the precursor to greater deceptions, as if the entire performance could be construed, for all intents and purposes, as a sleight of hand trick.  
On that down river trip, I could vaguely remember this fact as he had demonstrated to me a third time of his prowess. It was getting tiresome, as I was still feeling the reeling light-headedness of sickness filling my spirit.  In some ways, seated on his bed next to his game on the foldable table, I had retired from myself.  No doubt it was because I had already fallen ill.  
It was a part of his stratagem, because this gleeful riverboat pilot had also offered to me so much cooler, in some ways, I had been almost besides myself and fully entranced.  As he had done everything a third time, taking command of the situation, having moved the knife faster and faster along the dips between his fingers—filling the surface of the tabletop with scratches and indentations—the entire procedure had evolved for me all into one smooth stroke, as I watched breathlessly.  
It was the equivalent of an unwanted operation—because even with the memory recalled, a part of the scene remained beyond the horizon of my repossession, receded and far askance—too far to properly descry.  
It was that magical moment which connected me from that slow riverboat trip on the River Tarhan, happening just prior to my taking up work as a recording specialist…and then consequentially—in the last days of my professional duty—finally meeting with the likes of Lexanna.

“Now you want to give it a try?” the riverboat pilot had said, stopping his game with a high toss which he caught with the handle of the knife landing in his grip before prodding me once more, offering me the weapon.  This is what I saw—and what I continued to see today from the experience…I recall the size of the blade.  It was large and dangerous, sharp as anything, and the sizable knife revealed itself as possessing everything scary in his wielded grasp.
I might have taken it up in my hand at that moment—I cannot remember exactly, because, as I have already explained, a part of that memory had been faded and clouded over by then.
Definitely, in response to his question, I had turned away, looking down, as he had given me all the more reason to shake my head.  The dagger and his hand were both his game—and they were not mine.
An observer is likely to take in more, and to agree to more, without falling in the direction of any sort of commitment.  This is how I had proceeded—feeling sick, dominated, and bereft of options—closed inside of his cabin, listening to the rain pitter-patter outside, striking the portal glass or the round window.  What I realized later—much later—was that I had agreed to most everything, without having agreed to anything at all.
“Two beats one,” he had said, moving the knife faster and faster.  “Two beats one…two beats one…” 
All throughout the occasion of that day, I do remember having had gazed at his still hand with the knife moving in and out between the fingers, concentrating on his full hand of fingers, feeling as if he had taken my eyes away, rather than leaving them for me to keep.  It was a feeling, but I suppose you could mention, the sensation is the same as what happens when one falls beneath the power of an expert hypnotist.

The fact of the matter, was that for the longest time during his effort, the pilot strove desperately to impress me; I had feared for him, actually, wanting to protect his left hand from his right, which had no concern about menacing and threatening the left.  The dangerous possibility was that he could have potentially sliced off a finger, or that he could have stabbed a puncture wound through the palm of his hand.  However, I had grown to realize in watching him that despite my fear for him, he had remained always careful.  Despite the concern that I had felt for him, and that my heart seemed to have caught in my throat, I had also nothing to say to betray my own frantic concern.
Close to the final completed demonstration, he had laughed, charmed by his own eclectic thoughts.  “If two beats one, now do you think it may be possible that one can beat two?”
I had nodded also to this.
He had once again given a jackal’s laugh, understanding that we were both in on the joke.
But then my destiny took a turn, and it could have been the same as jumping down an empty elevator shaft—I really don’t remember and I really couldn’t know what happened next.  A frightful feeling had overcome me, which I had known couldn’t be alleviated by one continuous frightful long stare by Lexanna.  Whatever it was that took place, on that day of the trip on River Tarhan, I can’t for the life of me recall, even when I could remember with detailed perfection of my own role in the whole ordeal.  It had been something—something that had happened and which had also taken place afterward—past the game—inside the quiet and the locked door of his cabin.
“Two beat one,” he had told me.  The sound of his voice is what stayed with me.  
“One beats two,” I had said with an uncomfortable jocularity in my voice.

Despite my sickness on that trip, feeling the rocking toss of the shifting vessel beneath me, which flowed swiftly along the River Tarhan, I had felt myself falling away from him, having drifted into what might have been my capture into a demented and awkward state of hypnology.
All I do recall from the rest of the trip, was that afterwards, I had learned that his riverboat had fallen into disrepair; once utilized for my trip, it had become a sinking vessel almost immediately, because some saboteur had instigated a plan to deprive the riverboat pilot of his vessel, or so he had claimed.  
How had I learned this?  I never made it to the Gorges of Theremon on that day.  I had chosen a tangential route, so that I could enjoy a different travel plan.  On the way to find him after my departure from the detour, I had found this curmudgeonly old fiend of a riverboat captain, despondent and deprived of his flotation vessel.  The reason was—he had claimed—that in going on shore to find food, he had left the vessel, and it had been sunk by a band of tethered nameless, who had come upon it when he was gone and while I had been visiting the tourists attractions of elsewhere.
“Where has it gone?” I remember having asked him, once having returned and encountering him feeling despondent. “You must be joking,” I had added with disbelief.  He had shaken his head sadly.
“You should know, my boat…it has sank into the bottom of the river.”
“How can I believe you?  You sold it!”
He had shaken his head again.
“No, it is at the bottom of the river, I tell you…”
“You are telling me a fib,” I had said.
“Then you tell me why it’s not here now—with me at my side, and why I am not sitting in my cabin, but instead, holding court in this establishment?”  Then, with indifference, he had pointed behind him, to another riverboat pilot in the distance.  “You may take his boat, but it’s not going where you want…”
	“I want to get to my destination,” I had told him.
	“You may one day, but not now,” he had replied.  “There won’t be another craft for at least two or three days, and I know such timing can only cramp your schedule.”
	It was true, because I had needed to get back by a certain date, to observe the pre-planned obligations.  Even in those days, prior to the beginning of my work as a recording specialist, I had kept a tight calendar.
	“You’re not telling me the truth!” I had said.
	“Then tell me why you don’t see my boat in front of you?”
	It was a good question, and I had wondered to myself why it was it not there; however, rather than waste my time on the debate, I caught the eye of the other skipper, who was making an overture in my direction, attempting entreaties with a raised arm.  He had revealed something of jollity and a sweet paternalism in him.  
	Later, it would be with passengers on this craft—which included a couple and two sister—that I would ride this skipper ship back to the sector closest to my home.  On that ride, I had felt as if I had known this short in stature and dark-haired man since the very outset, possibly even since forever.  It was much more pleasant, and I could carouse with the two sisters, as well as enjoy time with the couple—not forced into a deadly game with a dagger.  
	I never did see the first riverboat pilot captain regain his craft, but, in having accepted for my ears so many lies that I’ve heard since then, I did suspect that he had regained his vessel—despite the claim of loss that he had told me.  
	In the last moment, having boarded the second craft, I remembered having spun around and taking a quick peek, only to see him no longer present at the table where I had departed from him.  
	No doubt he had found another place to go, and so, it was then, even before I had reached home, that my memory of his mesmerist ways had begun to vanish into the heated breeze of the breathable thin air.

The most that alacrity can bring to us is an impulsive array of subsets of behaviors that can create damage and which can inevitably always create a bottleneck for the very potential that is alive—with the available possibilities to each and every one of us—compounded with interest for points that are afforded, to sharpen our focus on a resurgent sustainability.  
This, of course, may correspond in its eccentricities only with the doctrine of chance.  
So much that afflicted our lives could be found in the air we breathed.  We moved impassively, like guided homing devices, with everything but our heads and senses intact.
So often they brought upon me the pain of existence.  Their collective presence, as I imagined them together, was an invisible field that wrestled with our intellect, heaving at us, thwarting us with a momentum of strengthening pushes. 


CHAPTER 9

Somehow, in encountering Lexanna and watching her fluctuations, I was reminded of this pilot’s early game demonstration to me.  Every bit of fog on that past rainy afternoon from before the time I had began working as a recording specialist has stayed with me—remaining fully eclipsed in my mind’s eye.  For that reason, I had not seen any of it, despite so much having taken place since the encounter.  But when Lexanna arrived, some special access point in my mind had changed…  
Of course, she had nothing to do with his behavior on that day—or the game that he had demonstrated to me—but, nevertheless, Lexanna had presented for me a strong impression left on my mind, as if she had molded for me a sculpture or carved small indentations that abbreviated my stream of thoughts, all the while treating my slight surprised incremental reactions with a far superior smooth handling.  In this seemingly insignificant approach, she allowed for my recall of his dagger game, before replacing and substituting his sham with her tremendous quality.
Perhaps the reason why I had forgotten the earlier memory for so long, was because it required the emergence of a liberator for me, to feel confident enough to confront the feelings that he had foisted upon me; it was only through a liberator such as Lexanna that I could overcome the experience from that initial moment of sickness that enabled him to take such great advantage of my kind nature, to seduce me with a hypnotic game succumbing to the menace of his pilot’s cabin.  He had taken advantage of me so badly, that I could have blocked the memory out of my mind forever, if there was no one to offer me better and more sweetened moments of intimacy.
In encountering Lexanna, I had finally found a complement—of deeply felt impressions applied—to substitute and replace that man’s rough and tumble treatment of me.  
“Two beats one,” he had said.
“One beats two,” I had replied.
Then he had forced me into a small dance, for which I felt sickeningly awkward—even though I tried my best to perform for his little camera shining downward, into the depths, as if the gaze could redeem something of my pride for myself, in the clutches of his evil his cabin.
Now, that I had met Lexanna on that first occasion, I could replace the horrors of that earlier time, with the advancement of a restoration of myself, growing with a vestige of hope that would retain something that could enrich me after that first horrible experience.  Her arrival would bequeath upon me a sense of prosperous substitution—to give up his onslaughts and mesmerist ways, in exchange for her swift exuberance and uncompromising beauty.

	Whatever was the case in hindsight, on that first day of our initial encounter, she proceeded with yet another stealth shift, choosing an altogether different approach once again.  I was a peeper, responsive to her enveloping aura.  This time Lexanna spoke more gingerly, internalizing something soft and cowering, projecting a hint of vulnerability.  
“You didn't answer my question, whomever you may be?” she said, casting doubt upon my credibility.  Then with a dramatic expressiveness, capturing all the beauty of her intelligence, she asked: “May I have your name now, young man?” Within her tone, there remained a brusqueness that catalyzed some force in me that emerged as the reapings of encouragement.  She had called me a young man!
There would be no confab, because she followed the narrow and shortness of a line stunted by contemptuous indiscretion.  Of course, the more she exhorted me, I grew to better understand her masking of what was underneath the veneer.
On so many occasions, Lexanna must have sensed a great divide, because she spoke as though a gap of significant difference persisted in our ages.  It might have been one persona imparting to another of her, flowing a full edition of herself unto another self of hers instantly!  
Such a separation from what I wanted to expect was unlikely; she—like all others who were singular in their primary stance was no monolith—unless there was something abnormal about her concrete physiology that I had been denied learning.  A monolith required a pair…not a lone one.
On that first day of our brief encounter, and also on many other days as well, I would witness Lexanna’s variations in the form of vacillations in her contrivances; both in her attitudes and also in her shifts of personality, as she would often—begin again to—change her approach to me: hot and cold, yesterday and today, back and forth, in and out…
	It was nothing so unsubtle, and yet, there was also a subtlety that remained, once the jerkiness of her more abrupt shifts in attitude and awkward jumps in personality subsided.  With Lexanna, I remembered sensing a hankering for recognition from her; she was peerless in her abilityt to conflate and make fluid so many connected and yet broken gestures.  It all reminded me of the deception and mistrust from that earlier experience, with the riverboat pilot.

I could detect that the truest secrets covering the absence of her inside, inescapably reliant upon her extreme beauty, were concealed; and such conventions were not at all related to the manifestation of a life lived in the case of her own call to a less fleeting vitality—if she found herself the same as a call to action.  Possibly in the mixed-up qualities that emanated from her own inexplicable nature, she could confuse others with whom she forged a new connection.  I took the liberty to make a declaratory remark to jibe her.
“You said that I am a young man!  If I am a young man, then you must need more than a readjustment of your retina,” I said to her.  Then in a gruff voice, I added the following whimsical insult: “Your eyesight is failing you...in your own misbegotten years, my dear!”
She did not hesitate at my insinuation.
“That very well may be,” she admitted.  “You look like a young man!  Why shouldn’t I call you a young man?”
“Should I give a damn?” I then offered.
“If we are here for sessions, it would not damage your notion of objectivity to give a damn,” she replied.  There was something in her eye, she indicated to me with a gesture.  A speck.  I leaned in and removed a kerchief from a breast pocket in my sensitivity suit.
“Do you want me to take it out?”
“Always,” she chimed intensely, because I was pressed in so close to her.
All around in the surrounding expanse other pairings were in league with us, isolated in their own dialogues of engagement.  I folded the chiffon kerchief that exuded an odor or verbena, meant for her eyes only.  With the very edge supported by my index finger, I moved to her left eye and touched lightly to the surface.  The speck remained for another try, before I was able to retrieve the discolored fleck.
“Oh, thank you, thank you!” she told me, almost pleading with her entreaties.  “It was horrendous for a brief instant, a dagger to my eye!  Now, you’ve restored my sight.”
I pulled away and looked at her calmly.  Holding the kerchief up to her, I kept the bulge of my straightened index finger beneath the fabric, so that I could hold the speck closer to her.
“What do you suppose if I put it now in your other eye?” I said.
“If you did, I would scream,” she said.
We both laughed lightly, to soften the moment.
Then she shook her head, gasping aloud, revealing the faded quality of her complexion.  Somehow, there was a different value to her coloration that made me recognize the familiar faintness I had encountered on special occasion with subjects.  Lexanna raised one hand and held it against me again, this time with dependency communicated in her grasp.  She tugged on the inside of my closed elbow, so I quickly blew the fleck away before returning the kerchief to its rightful place. 
  
It was likely that she was not accustomed to the altitude of our meeting, because we were at a place very high above the horizon of the cityscape.  The Concourse Vexum Hall and the Grand Hall were not known for their low elevation.  For a moment, she found it difficult to breath, and I felt sympathetic to her needs.  An onlooker might have noticed an expression, which I have been told looks of smacking pity in my eyes.  We can’t always control the reaction to our expressions, because it is often not possible to express what we feel, as if our faces were masks to be practiced in front of a mirror.  
I had to be careful about revealing too much, even if I suddenly experienced a touch of apologetic emotion for her.  Admittedly, I was on the side of masquerade, because there were so many details to our sessions that were designed in my favor—in the role of the recording specialist—even if these factors did not appear as things planned with any special frame of thought.  One of our ploys was to use the high elevation to offset our subjects, because when they were unaccustomed to the thin air, and we could have a better success in controlling them in such an atmosphere.  Undoubtedly, it was a ruse…I knew so well.  And yet, the complication Lexanna experienced made me feel responsible for the burden of the high-level of our connection.
Then she snapped.
“You can be nice and remove a dagger from my eye, but I asked you a specific question!”
“Oh—“
“Objectivity comes with cordiality, so you’d better give a damn!”
“I am giving a damn,” I said, because the pun was irresistible to me.  My smile offended her, which I believe she regarded as a reproach.  Her eyes grew smoldering as though she were incensed; I was not ready to accept it as her true feeling, but instead, I wanted to treat her annoyance as a performance hiding the tenderness of reciprocity she might have experienced in my chivalrous gesture of removing the speck from her eye.  
In actuality, sometimes thinness of air, especially at the location of the Concourse Vexum Hall, created the opposite effect of what we desired.  Even though filled with a nourishment and nutritional value, the wrong air could still give rise to a hotness of temper.  It was getting uncomfortable.  This time, she spoke without any apprehension.  
“Are you to answer me or not...about your name?”
“Why should I?”
“It’s not that you should or shouldn't.  It’s that if you should you would be nice...You would be more nicer if you made the decision to oblige me.”
I looked about me confused.  There were three or four moving in our direction, and they must have seen the very distressed expression emblazoned across my face, to make them deviate as much as they did, walking almost a complete semi-circle around us.  I wondered if they noticed the glare in her eyes, and what I felt was the distinct expression of a woman about to slap a man; but then again, they might not have known this much, viewing her beauty for the very first time.

I was an expert defender, who could stand up to their repeated attacks.  My dreams had helped to shape me this way—making me more than an offensive pawn, and possibly, a king.  Yes, I was a defender who had achieved expert level on my own, without any training, and without the help of the underground.  If only at that time I had known how far it was that I could have gone, then I would have moved faster toward the unrivaled notion of a partitioned destiny.
Part of the defense had to do with playing their game.  How was it at all possible for anyone, if we could never see these captors or ascertain their existence?  I had paused for a long moment before continuing.  She had thought I was mentioning something else, which was easily attributed to the attack of the nerves that accompanied a double fix of Gemi A or Gemi Z, or anything in between.  
These were the two edges of the spectrum of the utility that had served to sustain us as a population—all of it sanctioned by provisions brought to us by The Hollow Twenty-Six.


CHAPTER 10

	Then in the glare of her expressions, my thoughts reflected back to my time aboard the riverboat pilot’s small vessel.  I had been hypnotized by the stillness and then also the movement above the stillness of his left hand.  I could have snapped out of it, but I had finished the cooler and I had begun to have more…
	Something must have changed, for I had begun feeling lost.  It must have been in the pilot’s disconcerting yank and waggle of his dagger, as he had intricately directed the weapon to alternate faster and faster, maneuvering the crowning tip of the blade.  
	As it had slanted more—not less—the swift metallic blur had rushed in and out between his fingers.  I had watched it bend away until my benumbed eyes had been unable to resist the entrancement.  Yes, he had been so adept at controlling the jagged super quick movements that I had let go of my concern for him and had fallen into a state of unconsciousness.  It had been entirely his doing—the hypnosis.  
	Without using even a grain of Gemi, I had been lost to myself, having escaped from the walls of the room, carried into another betoken realm, merged with one into the Cosmic Eye—  

 “Wouldn’t that mean surrender?” I said quietly, almost under my breath.
Her anger seemed to fade, evaporating into the mode of reason that came so naturally to her communications.
“Why call it that?  You must give your name to me at some remote point in the future—either sooner or later—if we are to continue…Surrender means what surrender does.  Surrendering anything means what you give up you resist to give away and to surrender it, because the object in question is of value…and you have clearly identified in your value system that it would be worth my while and it would be of value to me…to know your name.”  She continued: “But you don’t know if I care to know as much as at the initial moment of rising tension—at least not anymore you don’t.“
“I am…following you,” I said in a halting medium voice.
“Suspense is an art, not a nature.  I’m afraid your efforts are showing signs of diminishing returns,” she remarked.
I remained quiet.  She was making as close to an attempt as I would hear from her—of persuading me with reason.  
A name had such clout?  I wondered to myself.  Left bereft in my awareness of the conditions she was establishing to our connection, I felt besieged, like a naked man who had his undergarments removed from him with a pair of sharpened and not dull scissors.  Stimulated by such coldness, I was surprised.  
She continued: “The feelings of anticipation are not the same as climactic moments…Tension reduces the power of denouement that could have been, don’t you know?”
“Exactly,” I replied.  “If I give you my name, what else can I give to you?”
“Climaxes are non-fulfilling introductions, you must know this.”
Quiet.  We were both silent.  I think she was gaining a hot head, because I could not manage to face her, as she turned and spun, turning and spun, shifting away.  Finally, I stopped to wait for her to look at me.  There was an intensity of denial in her expression, something that called out to me, revealing the beauty in her plight.  Perhaps this was what I had been after the whole time, wanting her to show some version of a fatal vulnerability.  It was difficult to know how mean I could be, unless I were exposed to a standard of beauty so elevated as she was…I felt sorry, because it appeared that something raw made her eyes glassy.  Were these tears that were already entering the scene?  
—It was embarrassing, I thought to myself.  Finally, feeling ashamed, I lifted my head in a slight nod that allowed me to see my own nose and also the brilliant part of her forehead above the bridge of her nose.
Then suddenly, as if alighted with a heightened understanding, I bowed to certainty in myself.  The entire behavior that I witnessed must have been caused by something very different than the exhaust she was relieving.  It could not have been anything other than a true understanding of the conditions she grappled with, frightening her immensely.  It was a full charge that she desired, which boldly encompassed all ranges of emotions, while, something else could have helped her with more simplicity.  Perhaps a question could be the wake up for her needs.  
I recognized the unbroken signs of her various accountable lashes of imperviousness, whipping solidly each time against my Ibn Abna Syngmer codex, eliciting the correction of modulation in my moodis organ.  She was desperate for something—possibly my help.  Inside, the collapse of something happened.  It was a caving and capitulation.  The piloting rose in the ashen heaps of shattered glass, fallen and then broken into so many uncountable shards by way of an up-thrust of craven denying of what seemed to rock.  My chest and lower stomach shifted imperceptibly.  Flatulence echoed in warning to me… 
“Did you align properly?” I then asked her.
“Yes,” she replied, with a sense of futility.
“So we are here to meet as we are here?  As ourselves?”
“Yes,” she said.
“Then why do you need to know my name?”
“Yes,” she said.

In reality, there were features in her expression that promised her discoverers of emblems that would persist as the hallmarks of gracefulness of aging.  This was a true fact that she guarded, appearing somewhat older than me, more enhanced and less trivialized, because—in accordance with the information I had gleaned from her file—she possessed more spirit than could be described.  
This might have been due to her seeking distinction above other distracting fulfillments.   Moreover, it was in her nobler design to project fortitude rather than inexperience.  
In accordance with her wishes, her non-existent body accommodated her every whim.  No doubt, she would assume a tougher stance and become a challenger as a subject.  Much more so than anyone who mildly attempted to raise barriers before they obtained opposite goals.  In this way, I was certain that Lexanna was self-aware about the style of leadership that existed within the perimeter of her own sphere of influence.  Her style of piety demanded strength, even as others caved.  I did not doubt it, even if she were making assessments and would—along the way—petition for my help.
I reasoned that she would uphold her part, remaining solid, even as I sought from her something less rigid and more flexible.  I had not expected her to mirror me in such ways.  She could rebound with total confidence, even amid some disastrous plunge into a less permanent sense of certainty.
The breathing was difficult still, and I knew that she was agog for the stability of ground or the state of being near aground.  Yes, I realized; it was this high level of our elevation that troubled her.  In contrast, I could find myself exhaling and inhaling normally.  

In my understanding, the River Tarhan submerged our very instincts, which we prized so greatly, and with the Gorges of Theremon, its powerful thrusting waters dropped into breaks at its steepest declension.  Perhaps if I could get my Ibn Abna Syngmer to channel these pre-programmed sensations of watching such a spectacle to her, then she would improve in so many ways.  
The soothing waters were always a solution and remained a powerful source of balance and natural liberation, even when we stood far away from its path, not ever imagining for ourselves its lulling and vacillating waters.  
	Technology could do this!  I myself had never been to the Gorges of Theremon, an amazing singular landmark of our Warped City, but I knew the potency of the channeling that an experience with it could evoke.  Impressions of the The River Tarhan I was certain she was well familiar with, because the river dominated all of us—and such a setting was typical—maneuvered in our minds with great frequency so prolifically in such an unassuming way.  But an entanglement with the rapid waters of the Gorges Theremon could only bring her out.  I did not need to picture any portion of it, to submerge myself within its influence, and so I set my controls to impart this to her.  In this simple and yet meaningful way, I was always mindful of the other person—my subject—and appeared very careful and thoughtful to them.  This quality of steadfast attentiveness had made me successful in my work.  
I would ensure her composure with my careful handling of everything about her…everything about us…as we progressed into a deeper realm of knowing each other—of a fluid submersion.  As the coolness influenced her, I watched her eyes grow widened and filled with light.  Now, the channeling was better aligning us, and I hope the effect would stay with her, to overcome the thin air.  Even if it didn’t, I would stay watchful of her, and try to minister to her needs in so many other ways that I knew how; there were methods that worked well, and others that could not be met with cordiality—the same as just passing the day.  I never resorted to the latter in my commitment to my subjects.  My own belief was that everything I could control was always a first-rate effort.
“Ahhhhhhh!” she said, as I heard the ease of her breath become more relaxed.  The stimulation channeling was having its effect on her and allowing for the restoration of a different measure of biological response.

Yes, I would be sure to help her at every turn, moment to moment, as she needed my assistance.  I promised myself this, not because I knew that she needed help, which was the case, but more due to the fact that I yearned for someone like her, with a capability of romance to be solid.  If others encountered her, Lexanna’s hardened posture would command more than a modicum of respect, even in the most belittling of environments—and even amongst those who would abide fully undercover in their heartiness.
The Gorges of Theremon was a solution that always worked, especially if a person found themselves at a loss or at odds, from the environment that they found themselves in.  A nose discovery was a nose discovery.  The extraordinary setting of the spectacular natural wonder could elicit an appreciation for being alive and the feeling of yearning, like no other channeling that I knew.  I rarely used the Gorges of Theremon as a solution, but when required, it was a last resort that I preferred—employed with no hesitation whatsoever.

“What is it that you can feel?” Lexanna had once asked me.
“Something that is there, but there is also the something that is not here—”
“Could it be similar to what I can feel when I am strained?” she had said.
“I don’t know what you feel.  I’m afraid that I’m at a loss to know.”
“Of course you don’t.  I don’t expect you to know.  When I’m strained, it is a wonderful gushing.  A special blossoming … a whole entire world that comes to me in a blip.  I don’t expect you to ever know.  But what is it that you can feel?”
I had listened to the ecstasy in her voice, and I was almost adamant about learning more, but I couldn’t force a hand on her.  No, I couldn’t … without feeling as if I were taking away something that was her only happiness.  
Little did I know.


CHAPTER 11

In many instances, the less revealing were always more concealed, especially if you were not one of the nameless.  These hiders, as I knew them, were always in need of being cracked open, as if they were a coconut-being tossed from the height of an even more elevated mountaintop.  
In my training I was taught to handle all types of women and men.  I could carry out a progressive and detailed rapport with any subject I was assigned.  I did not lack confidence in doing this.  This eclectic cast of characters came from all walks of life, and they were experienced in ways that a person with a sedentary lifestyle could only label as fictional or fantastical—if that person were not exposed to some of the unusual stories within the Collectivity.  Naturally, there were very few endowed with such knowledge, so it was unlikely that even in knowing the types of people I encountered, audited, and documented, I would be trusted for the treasure trove of testimonies in my collection.
Yes, there were so many varied and widely experienced subjects.  Not only did I keep myself vigilant and sharply centered on exercising the best of reactions, but when it came to delaying or denying, I would also learn nearly all of the spoken responses that were common and uncommon.  I delivered the highest value, simply due to my yearning to best my own results.  
She was just the opposite, exhibiting to me that she came from a place and postures that were less revealing; ergo, in her defensiveness, she managed readily to draw the attention of other eyes upon her.  Of course, it benefited her to be stunningly gorgeous.  In most cases, such attention getting created suspicion; but in hers, the exposure could be labeled as the power of destiny.  I was sure that she could remain brimming with confidence, as well as hardened, so that she would not complain.  It must have been her belief that everyone would eventually follow her, keeping an eye out for such a spectacle.
The files never included images of our subjects.  Lexanna was more than I had bargained for.  In fact, her file was a travesty, creating a sketch of complete underestimation for me.  Everything aspect of her had been placed at being of a much lower level.  Whether this was a corollary to value remained unspoken for, and had to be seen.  
—Would she become the one who I would treasure due to this? I wondered to myself.  Even if it would become true, I could not fathom the correct choice from the beginning.  For the extent of my time of emptiness—consisting of great portions of my days, if not all of them—I had prepared myself for disappointment.  It was better to suffer without hope rather than to hope without conclusion.
I would never yield to demands, as easily as she wanted me to give in to her.  I would not surrender to her my name.  I knew this, and I found no difficulty in restraint, meaning that I could grudgingly withhold my name from her. 
There was no particular purpose to my decision, which made it somewhat daft and definitely ludicrous, because I persisted with a posture of obstinate resolute denial, resorting to a dolt reason.  In response to her effrontery, I adhered to the standardized recommendations given to all recording specialists.  This wasn’t just through tacit implicit practice, but also, what was officially shown to us in our training.  
Of course, reconsidering now, this had not been any great pattern of behavior, even though most subjects did not question procedure.  Anyone who had the flair for familiarity with the professional protocol of our approach knew very clearly why.  
I could not help feeling something akin to a conflicted and flawed regret for my rejection of her, because, in the long run, contained within me, at the very essence of my formulation and also my cautious sense of self-preservation of my congeniality, I respected a certain measurement of a line of discretion that could be raised for those radical insistent subjects, who made it a point to overstep propriety.  
I knew that something just had to give in me as a result, or in them, that would account for disastrous combinations.  Therefore, whenever they made a request—or they made an effort to test my borders—my desire was to fulfill their needs with some form of application, to satisfy their demands; however, the Creator knows that despite whatever I tried, this was not possible in every single case.  
I did not want to become known in my own circles—or in the runaway rumors launched by my past, present, or future roster of subjects—that I was a records auditor who did not carry out my work with some level of reciprocity.  With this communicated, the worse I definitely wanted to avoid: I did not want to be remembered or recorded as carrying out my responsibilities with a penchant for silencing my subjects.  
Why?  I can only testify this: with a personal appreciation for the gains of liberty and what the trappings of freedom acquired, I was not adverse to recognizing my subjects as distinct individuals, or for some misbegotten notion or foolishness in their beliefs.  After all, who was I to judge them?  Naturally, this root justification for my empathy could not be openly revealed, because it went against the hallowed notions and the rule of law that defined the Collectivity.  We could not forestall and align ourselves against what was wisdom for the ages in connection to our work as recording specialists.

	Later, I would recall, for a final time on that day, how I had been snatched by the vivid memory of that atrocious riverboat pilot demonstrating his dagger game to me on the River Tarhan.  It had been the first time that any man would have had his way with me.  On other occasions, each time it happened to another man—not me—because I could never remember the occasions.  Perhaps mesmerized and hypnotized, it had taken place in the presence of another me, who was not a part of me and not familiar to me.
In this equivalent manner, Lexanna had done the same with her stupendous presence as the pilot had done with the knife to me—is how I recall feeling from leaving her in that afternoon of our first encounter at the Concourse Vexum Hall.  
	Left alone to my feelings for her, I had to ponder the nature of my regard for her.  She had manipulated me, as he had—I felt, because she had violated me with behavior that confused me.  There were many editions of her disparate sides that I encountered, as if each were a different level, all in just one person.  She was quality with inequality…rehearsal with performance…exclusion with accumulation—and she reconciled hardness, softness, evasiveness, mutability, with corporealness…
  	
	Lexanna managed perceptions eschewing any rough, tumble, and roll combinations; and yet, she also elicited the most undignified impulses from those around her who were captive to her attractiveness.  She exuded pure warmth and supreme gentility, even as she could veritably bring out the worst from someone who could behave like an animal.  
	What I found in her was a taste of some uncouth elegance that had been sprung.  I believe she must have discovered in me such an evanescent quality from earlier, so conservatively plundered.  I strove to avoid all the missteps and the denouements of losing her to her feeling, because when it was not a mirror of serenity that I stared into—drawn intently to the penalty of trespassing the border of her beauty—she behaved ruthlessly, in a way that very much reminded me of the expert performers who I had seen, men and women who have tried all types of methods to receive a standard approval.  This, at times, meant that they would creatively allow themselves to behave unruly and vindictive with extremity at their beck and call.  

	Perhaps I gave her too small a credit, because when she was devoid of personality or absent of conviction, Lexanna expressed qualitative certainty with great spirits, in an abundance of enriched persona.  This was attained by having found others to serve her so efficiently, and also in so many cases where she could not resist her need to satiate her desires and to fulfill the unobtainable with crudeness of behavior.  
	Whatever the case, the way she had come upon me, had geared to my frequency wave emissions with so great an automatic expediency.  This was a telling sign that she would not observe the etiquette or the propriety that so many others had, because later, I would discover that my sensitivity suit had a hard imprint that was most revealing!  Her palm print would contain few but expressive traces of the desperation she embodied, combined with also a fanatical unwillingness to give in to circumstance.
	Yes, Lexanna was cocky, she had no need to be a trainee for anything, because in her powerful persona, she consistently broadcast an exuberant concomitant parsimony, leading to whatever else damage was ebullient in her charisma.  
	All that heaven allowed enabled her to rendezvous with me—so perfectly together—claiming the fire in her loins.

When inequalities were greater than the bond separating our natures, I reasoned that it was best to place the emphasis on not where we had come from, but on the place to which we mutually planned for our travels.  
So, this is how Lexanna dispensed with exercise, substituting practice with everything so true and vital that tries and attempts were rendered obsolete and action was integral.  I would learn that from her—set by her own example—because she had embraced the acceptance of life for all of its ups and downs in its totality, rejecting none of it; however, what complicated matters was that I did not realize that she would also make similar demands on others.  Most people’s shared endeavors were nothing more than preparation as their cause of Community, but she rarely went about things and did them in this method—if ever she lowered herself to such a minimum.  
No.  Her viewpoint was conceptually different!  Whether she spoke a word or not, an insistence on perceiving value in others seemed to come from her.  If I explain this and it is easily understandable, then I am not doing the job well!  Value in others meant so much more than a ho-hum humdrum definition.  And, to her credit, she demanded the same from other people!  It was as if she believed all of us were formulated for more than a trial run in our lives, but we were challenged to the final inclusion—challenging the Great Beyond—imbued with an enduring purpose, already past the confounding notions of non-existence, having outdone limitations somewhere along the way.  It is not a streak of liberality that brought me to believe that she really remained insistent on an authentic existence for everybody!  
Yes we were reminded.  The pulses of a planet shattering detonation rumbled now and then, but she paid no heed to such reminders of our terminus, which haunted us with the moaning call of apocalypse, in the same way that we failed to remember the Seclon wall encircling and containing the experiment within.  
Even when it was proven that nothing was there, she behaved as though we were all fully tangible, and had always been so for all of time…assuring a conclusion to the Last Seven Days!

“Are you confident…” Lexanna had asked me.
“About?” I replied.
“The totality of your charms.  If you are, then you are not free, but a caretaker of the carcass that is your non-existent body, then you shall hold off the realm of the gorgeous, without disbelief.  Lift off for yourself.  Reduce.  Ride.  And Replicate.”
She made so much sense when she wanted more.
 Living as an experimental subject happened.  Their powers of possession, repossession, and collection, were to be recognized for the dire consequences that they could implement in territory that was far and wide.  


PART TWO

CHAPTER 12

The Hollow Twenty-Six dictated to even those who lived without a name, including the animals amongst our ecosystem.  Because of their ideological principles and the unbelievable devotions of the unfortunate majority, there were few ways that their demands were restricted and also prevented from influencing the Collectivity.  Nearly all within the Warped City were touched by the overriding tyranny of The Hollow Twenty-Six.  
Though you could say that they were seen as humbling and also that they derived their power from the passivity of citizens, it was unquestionable that they were leaders with the advanced stages of the signs of a diseased demagoguery—an affliction that was beyond rescuing in so many cases—growing the purely obsessed editions of their wanderings, with regard to their twisted paths to a dominant unyielding power.
In their complete authority over all relations within the Warped City, they presided over even the irregularities of the operations of all automation life within the quadrant sections of our megacity metropolis.  Of course, this translated to include every form of robotics, whether it was a single arm pully machine—helping to move along the production of widgets, machine parts, bio-regenerated organs, etc, or if the sovereignty included the cybernetic automations which were the most complex of our most skilled constructions.  The latter were the equivalent to the pinnacle of advanced biological beings, such as the class E systems cyborgs, including all old and new approved versions of licensed androids, with the same being true, to a lesser extent, for humanoids.
In addition, The Hollow Twenty-Six ruled over all physical world principles, in that they were pronounced the twenty-six sovereign authorities to govern all perpetual activity in the form of thinking, behaving, action or reaction.  Whether the automations in their service were the elegant and selective androids, or they were the less than discriminating humanoids, the circle of rulers of The Brayton Corporation were answered to above all other kinds of life or categories of people.  In our midst we were inundated with a friendly form of familiar competition, because the proliferation of the human form in a mode that was sub-person and also pliable—especially in terms of engaging in a natural sunny disposition toward submissiveness—was not excluded from our ranks.  There was nothing done cosmetically or biologically that could have made these types of species more presentable to the people of the Warped City, and so they were allowed and encouraged to propagate amongst us.

Humanoids were living and soulless, and, they were markedly unlike the class of androids developed by The Brayton Corporation that have since merged with the collective populations.  The humanoids have always been clearly identified by their identification pattern markings.  The androids, who were also named andies were immune to the influence of any sort of utility drug, which included variations of the stimulating forms of Gemi that worked in collusion with their interior mechanisms and organs to define our understandings of ourselves.  In contrast, the mechanical and clearly imposter-like humanoids—not developed by The Brayton Corporation—were fully impacted by the use of any type of elemental chemical, pharmaceutical, or natural stimulant such as any of the sub-strands of A to Z Gemi.  The irony persisted to confound, because andies were more similar to people, and yet they were immune to reactions.  I could not imagine how the pleasure of such a utility as Gemi could be absent from their lives.
The most obvious difference between the types of cyborg flesh automations was the difference between what has lived and what has—for the history of Creation—remained entirely mechanical.  Androids operated with an inclusion of the living, by maintaining organic parts, since they were a fusion of these simulations of the biologically manufactured with specific modified and treated critical living organs from namur-numar or numar-namur born, who had recently become expired.  They required an incubation period of perfect stillness to come alive, and, with total fragility, their comfort in their surroundings was never taken for granted.  In some sense, based on their neural monitors, they possessed the qualities that accounted for what is celebrated in people and is nothing less than the pluck of life.  Unlike humanoids, the androids have always demonstrated a vital and charismatic robustness.  

The inferior counterparts to androids, the humanoids contained set controls that were conditioned to perform best when they responded to danger and threats with a maximized resistance to expiration.  This was an enduring characteristic of their design.  
On the other hand, androids approached challenges with a different mindset and goal.  No one could dislike an android, due to his or her unfailing need to prevail over odds, which was not perceived as coming from the same impulses as the living survival instinct.  Their aspirations were designed to be more noble and sacrificing, and therefore, for the most part, androids were viewed and believed to be protectors of the Collectivity—by virtue of their strength of conviction for the struggle of victory.  
Included in this sense of entitled victory, they seemed to offer a compassion that violated the reach of the Collectivity, since they went above and beyond the bar set by people.  They behaved selflessly in dangerous and critically threatening circumstances, choosing not to preserve their own life spans in favor of the strength of the Collectivity.  So many stories were collected and offered of their valiant behavior.  Therefore, people generally trusted andies more than they trusted humanoids.  It was never doubted that androids shared more features and behaviors with people, due to the flesh components of their bodies.  This was evidently the absolute, even down to the integrity of every iota of the full development of any separate organ of their bodies, including nearly every detail of their brains.  
So why was that they could not respond to the utility Gemi?  Why was it that they could respond to any of the variety of pills, powders, drinks, and recreational and also commercial stimulants that were found throughout the Warped City?  
—These are commonly accepted methods to enliven, to resurrect, to rise to the occasion, and to bring consummation within the Collectivity to the fore!  
In view of this confounding mystery, no one—or not many people—preoccupied themselves with pondering over such conundrums, as far as I knew.  They focused on more personal challenges, and regarding the question of ‘why?’ it was appeared as time wasted, since most believed that they could only speculate, without ever finding themselves confirmed with an overriding certainty.
    
The lure of such curiosity was not of significant importance to the daily activities of those who experienced androids, since not many people knew of the truth.  Nearly all of the ones who would have known were those involved with the manufacturing, processing, design, or improvement of the androids, since these nearly life-like populous shared in the customary habits of the Collectivity, partaking in their rations of Gemi and using any other recreational or commercial stimulants.  
They disguised themselves in the habits and behaviors of people, even though they never inherited our addictions and the need for the utility of any sub-strand of Gemi, or any other recreational utilized substance.  As far as any of us were concerned, they were under the authority of the disbursed rations, just like everyone else with a name within the Warped City.  The only reason I knew of this deviation in them was due to my work as a recording specialist.    
Unlike the androids, humanoids lacked all people organs, so they could readily adapt to any environmental condition.  Ironically, their composition was not inclusive of any kind of human or people birth cycle, whether it was one or the other, or in some form, a hybrid combined formulation of both.  All in all, in a plea for choosing a better solution to the world of people, the dominance of the androids was preferable, if there was a decision to retire people as a species; they surpassed their lesser subordinates in both their functionality and performance, and also, most definitely, with regard to their aesthetic appearance.  These types of divergent automations were one or more stages up from the often hastily completed patchwork efforts that could be explained as humanoids.

It has always been understood by the collective populations that humanoids were inferior for a purpose, and that was to raise the importance of people in the habitat.  They were denied education, cultivated to lag behind, bred to corrode easily, and expected to default or even to breakdown.  It was no wonder that they struggled so at their own inefficiencies and their wretched treatment, in comparison to the high-class andies.  If I thought more thoroughly about their lot in life, I might have come up with a strong theory for their avoidance of dangers, and the high-strung pressure that they experienced at the thought of demise.  
The urge in them to survive was valid, but despite the consistency of the programming for all humanoids, this instinct was whole-heartedly frowned upon, simply because they were perceived as dangerous in their will to resist any sort of threat that they sensed.  Sometimes they overreacted.  In a very real sense, we did not fully empathize with their troubles.  The threat that they sensed was valid, even though none could understand their experience, because the extent of bullying that they received and the common degradations that they experienced as unwanted and undesirable elements within the society were not properly conveyed to the public, nor were their concerns shared for that matter.  I could only think of one other group that was subjugated to as much hatred and rejection, the tri-breeds amongst us, who remained hidden and from sight and all of the media that filled the Warped City with images and a sense of existence.  
When a humanoid was rewired, reprogrammed, or discombobulated in any manner that was detrimental to their proper functioning, they might have remained perfectly intact on the outside, but the continuity of their operations required upkeep and maintenance, which was sorely lacking for their sustenance.  No matter how distinguished a history that he or she could point to in their heritage, any humanoid was routinely considered as perceived trouble and not worth any person’s time, simply because they were of the humanoid heritage.  It was not considered a form of discrimination, since they were not included due to two reasons: they were by definition labeled as expendable, and they were missing a sexual organ.  Habitually overlooked, no one treated them openly, as it was commonly understood that any professional who did so was subjecting themselves to the potential reduction of avenues of opportunity.  To treat or to allocate valuable time to a humanoid meant denigrating one’s own standing within society, a self-sabotaging gesture that was the equivalent of tomfoolery.  Often enough when humanoids were manufactured, the inspection was never fully completed, with certification being fraudulent.

“It is not something that I can sense, unless I will it,” I had told her.  “When I concentrate slightly, I become tense … and then when I will it, I must sharpen my thoughts all in a distinct pattern, which could only be expressed as myopic, and I must make some kind of rhythmic pulsation …like … what it is to be approaching a center, when we must summon all of our thoughts to defending our consciousness when it is under attack.  Otherwise, I can’t very well perceive what it is because of the blurry sensations.”
Always question any first primary solution path taken; because if you are not carefully diligent in your choice, focusing on the wrong channel may also be the very last decision you will make.


CHAPTER 13

The full gamut of testing that was routine with androids was commonly given short shrift and poor oversight in exchange for a swift dispatch of whatever humanoid units had been most recently completed from the manufacturing authority, whether they were in a batch or the humanoids were released as individual units.  Crews did shoddy work in the programming, eliminating their responsibilities by participating as contractors with focuses on other endeavors, rather than as a designated worker of the establishment.  Often times, the tasks of humanoid work was tagged on, not mentioned, or included as a precursor to better things, simply because the work itself was not considered attractive to most technical professionals.
For this reason, and for others also, humanoids were assumed to be damaged goods at the outset, with expectations of being no higher and no more important than what was the worst-case scenario in many cases.  Strangely enough, this low-balling of the expectations and standards with regard to their success also enabled a secretive school of designers and their lead programmers to approach the humanoid creation with a flexibility of artistry that was out-sized.  They found in their work a fascination that bordered on artistry.  By escaping beyond the bounds of what was typical and consistent in a field that was most commonly known for sticking to a humdrum propensity for conformity to limitations, these motivated professionals did the unimaginable.  
These designers could experiment openly and without penalty, infusing their humanoids with individual habits, ticks, and behaviors that could not be found in any other unit.  Such designers relished in creating a diversity of impulses, introducing peccadilloes, behavioral ticks, and habitual tendencies that could be ascribed back to a specific designing professional’s artistry, in the form of living signatures representative by the humanoid creations.  
These special programming attributes carried out by maestro artisan designers were projected into a single unit or sometimes collectively, in the form of a great bargain, arising in the dispatch of a great many collective units; they were manifested as the equivalent of being made in the image of the originating designer, who rarely ever encountered the artistry of their command.
All of this adaptation in the creation of the command culture of humanoids, both in terms of the design and also in the implementation of methods employed during all phases of their construction were sometimes and often accounted for as considered forms of negligence; however, more accurately, they were the evolution development of obscurely intentional compensated activities, inadvertently supported by The Brayton Corporation, The Squadron Management Corp, and an alternating and unmitigated circle of power players.  The mastery and the imprint of these designing architects remained below the radar of standardized customary regulation.  
This is one of the reasons that humanoids were found within the populations in such great numbers, without any overriding adherence to quotas or the demographic stability lines offsetting our commensurable entitlements.  Their presence was so common that the visual definitions that provoked with their ungainly sight was thought to be justified, or at least, tolerated by the rest of the Collectivity, simply because they were unavoidable in so many cases of the happenings taking place in the sequential ordering of daily life.

One time, I had heard my supervisor in our department, Mr. Rownin Shreulouma say in a hasty blowhard manner, as if to shoot off steam for the purpose of reducing stress: “Humanoids are manufactured for one purpose, and for one purpose only, and that is so that they can help to crowd the city and raise the level of our riff-raff.  Their purpose is to overpopulate this place in their own likeness, not our likeness or in the likeness of our respectable brothers and sisters, the andies!  Of course, this helps in terms of parity.  The humanoid presence levels out and overtakes any value in being a functional and operational Sabanai!”
On the occasion of his pronouncement, we had all been sitting at the lunch tables in the big room known as the Carpet Cafeteria.  The Sabanai were the hardworking and ingenious human element of the collective populations, who lived primarily in one overpopulated, well-developed quadrant of our Warped City.  It just so happened that later I would learn that Lexanna lived amongst them.
“They are a feverish bunch!” shouted one of our compatriots, who remained anonymous as a respondent to Rownin’s comment.
Another yelled: “The hasty few have become the hapless many!  They are given full freedom to carouse without consideration for their numbers!”
Rownin continued, “These humanoids were dumped on us.”
It was pure irony that his words could not have been further from actuality, a repressed and derided truth.  Nevertheless, I knew that the Administration calculated with feverish intensity the exact number of humanoids they had introduced, or were allowable by their population estimates, with a choice of restrictions when it came to any specific demographic, but I did not want to reveal my knowledge, for fear of being singled out and punished for the truth.  
I looked about me in the fullness of the near empty space.  At one time, there had been many animals in the place, locked inside their cages, looking on at the people stuffing their faces; but the choice of such living interior decorations had been long past and the real animals, once upon a time, had been replaced by robotics in so many cases.  So as my eyes darted to study my peers, the movement was extensive in the large room, since cybernetic animal parts and people harmoniously fidgeted and motioned.  It still had the feel of the thematic style of being a cafeteria surrounding by a fully adorned zoo, the original décor of the rather plain and obvious displays.  

Much was lacking in the quality of the ambience, since a more complete and embellished habitat included simulations of the zookeepers, not to mention custodial engineers and also assisting zoo keeping and animal sheltering staff.  Among the engaging site-specific sculptures surrounding us, there were the glaring omissions of certain details that might have abetted in creating a more convincing lair for so much wildlife.   If one thought long enough, a meal taker could stop to ruminate over what controls served to modulate those animals with ravenous appetites as we calmly took our meals and ate our food.  
Of course, additionally, there were certain species of ferocious animals missing from the walls of the enclosure, a tool of adjustment that might have enabled more nervous people to spend longer amounts of time in the premises.  Nevertheless, what the zoo atmosphere created cheaply in the realm of a patchwork of authenticity, could vividly boast strong streaks of the enduring promise of natural animal beauty, in spite of any missing mechanism that could have prolonged our doubt about lessened our interest to stay calm for the leisurely time while we sat and nourished our faces, minds, and stomachs.  There was no doubt that at breakfast, lunch, evening meals, or snacks, food takers were caught in the midst of a heehawing ark of hungry animals.
Had it been earlier in our days of subsistence for the sub-department, there might have been more catcalls and echoes of discussion, if it were not for the aisles upon aisles of empty seats and clean tables in the big room.  The grandiose space had become more than partially empty at the peak hours, since other Administrative departments sharing our building had been phased out, terminated.  
We were the last sacrifice, which remained open to fate and so there was no certainty about when the stemming of our long-term survival would begin.  We remained for the time that we could, a viable and productive sub-department.  Moral was weak but not destroyed.  We persisted with camaraderie in place, similar to the manner in which deeply saddened soldiers who have lost their determination can only rely upon habit and not heart to continue.  
None of us wanted to learn or to find out about why this was so, since the answers to such an important question could turn some of our team topsy-turvy, which meant as divided opponents within a single containment, if we held impractical grudges against one another, or encouraged finger-pointing and scapegoating, then we would become divided and collapsing from within; this would be ultimately detrimental, especially when it would be necessary to account for some uniform coalition of blame at a worse juncture of our survival.  
Learning of the reason for our sparing, our escape from the jaws of demise would create for our unified team an effective method of discrimination between those who were responsible for our survival and those who were not a part of the solution; therefore, infighting would become a further reason for the termination of our struggling operations, if we were not guided by our better natures and the strong presence of solid, non-compromising leadership.

It would have been the best if every one of us were reason for the preservation of our department, and so, we submerged ourselves in this wishful belief, since it created in us a better sense of teamwork and a stronger cohesion.  This led to a focus on the positives of our consolidated performance in contrast to the singling out of any particular individual for either the label of scapegoat or savior.   
In all, we had no more than fourteen employees in the Intra-Division Errors & Omissions Board, which was fondly referred to by its acronym the IDEOB.  We were fourteen if you excluded the automation enforcers who counted as members of Rownin's personal security team.  
These were humanoids and not androids, unfitting in some respects, because Rownin's chiseled appearance likened more to the latter.  He was well defined in his doughy muscularity, succumbing to what might have been described as a swollen version of the pleasing and unforgettable looks of andies.  Still, when I thought about why he selected his protectors to be humanoids and not andies, I deferred to his selection with a retreat into something of a quandary of mystery, scratching my head in curiosity.  
—Had there been a choice, or was this the influence of the Administration’s lackeys who could not have known any better?  Perhaps he had wanted to stand out and appear entirely singular even amid his group of close followers.  We were also his followers but we did not surround him with the vigilance of a pack of perfectly trained guard animals, unwilling to even make a whimper before their master.  The humanoids were nuisances in our society, and their silence in so many places created an air of inscrutability and suspicion for the non-humanoids, including the legions of Sabanai who lived amongst us, descendants of the original human species who the humanoids were also modeled after.  In Rownin Shreulouma’s case, these counterparts fixated around him, occupying different and varying formations as if they were permutations of his own abominably large body.
Yes, the personal humanoid bodyguards were extensions of his person, or so it seemed.  Like the roly-poly fat on his body that rippled visibly beneath his outerwear, clinging to his mainframe of a body, the humanoid protectors assigned to him always appeared a visually disorienting mismatch that I could not quite fathom, who also generally clung closely to him, always within an arm’s reach.  Though their presence grew to become acceptable, due to their inevitability of presence, if I stopped to think about their omnipresence, the thought of picturing them never comforted me.  They were a jarring afterthought.  In some cases, they even preceded Rownin into a room, when he wanted to make a splash with a delayed entrance.  There were only a few times that I had not seen them nearby his inordinately large body, and even so, I observed that by a remote radio frequency summons, they were not far away, to be called by his demands.  Always, they obediently rushed in and came running, or so it seemed.  

“So it’s a separation?”
“Not quite,” I had answered her.  
“A separation would mean that it is an actual self-awareness, and then a displacement, caused by the measure of need for penetration into the system.  That instant of penetration is what we yearn for.  People wait for years and what sometimes seems an eternity in life, just for the sense of penetration.  So rather than focus on their patience or the endurance of their abilities, we make light of everything that they know.  But I don’t ever sense that there is any removal or, for that matter, anything such as a full severing… So rather than call it separation, I would much better consider it nothing more than … an overlap.” 
Then she looked at me quizzically.
“How do you know so much?” she asked me with a perplexed tone.
“I record … I record you much more than I record myself,” 
I had said with finality to her.  It was not the appropriate answer for what she wanted, but it was enough to satiate her.  Lexanna was quiet after that.  


CHAPTER 14

If only my supervisor had shaved off significant excess fat to restore the man who was once underneath the great bear of a figure that he possessed, then perhaps in such a new restored condition—stabilized and minus his humongous stature—would he have had second thoughts about their constant proximity, always so near to him, in all of their ugliness protecting what was his non-existent being.  From the viewpoint of onlookers, there was a smothering taking place, but from his estimation, it was nothing so lethal.  In fact, he enjoyed their hoverings and the times of their making a fuss over him.  Being so close to his heart’s desire, they seemed the perfect bodyguards who could tickle and also amuse, without getting in the way when he demanded their aloof withdrawal.  Under their watch, nothing ever happened to him, and so as a result, I did understand the need for his protection.  
Perhaps I had too perspicacious an eye and possessed too well the hidden ability to read clearly into the silences, the moments of peace, and also the humdrum quiet that pervaded where danger, misfortune, and deviousness might have otherwise prevailed.  There were others who preferred to view things differently, believing that the lack of eventfulness and success of bodyguard protectors could be construed to trim budgets and also increase risk to a level of unacceptable vulnerability.  
Without imagination, they were hostages to their ignorance; any dull period was meant to happen, and, for them, it was the fate of an individual or an environment.  The instigating element of the persuasion who chose laissez faire believed that even with vigilance and efforts at prevention, the inevitability of what was supposed to happen—good or bad—would take place with absolute certainty, like the routine and cyclical upper to lower hands, spinning like clockwork.  There were so many who would surrender safety and occupy a position of risk, in deference to the advancement of the lurking head of danger.
Of course, in those days, I was not counting so greatly on prevention, not to the extents that were possible.  My own instincts were limited in this realm, because I was incapable of fully perceiving how Rownin’s safety and survival protected my own livelihood.  If I had thought and imagined even more, better understanding the circumstances of our tenuous lives in the balance, then I would have done something added to demonstrate my appreciation for these three humanoid protectors, belonging to Rownin, but officiating over all of our safety.  They were a symbolic gesture of the Administration, representing the value that they assigned to us, because few supervisors and officials within the entire workforce had budgets that secured permanent lifelong guardians.  The usual arrangement involved renting and leasing for scheduled periods. 
It was not until later that I would wonder how Rownin’s protectors fit into the equation.  At times, I wondered about how I would respond to such a following, if I were accompanied every place and at all times by the humanoids.  If for some reason I had been promoted to the station and rank of Rownin’s role in our small coterie of workers, I do not believe that I would have been able to endure the exhaustive watch.  Would I have felt protected by them, or would I have felt that they were my captors?  I supposed in any incarceration situation, a prisoner with the adaptability that is required for survival, will grow to see his or her or their captors as protectors.

Each of The Hollow Twenty-Six knew so well their unlimited powers and placed themselves far above the law in every aspect of life.  Their identities were kept obscured and deliberately suspended in an aura of anonymity to the Collectivity; hence, the familiar moniker of Hollow was attached to their unbreakable command chain circle from the earliest recorded history of the new era after the Rediscovered Reformation, a centenary dynastic period of awakening and renewal for the Collectivity that is not accurately chronicled in the historical templates.  
Only when a member of The Hollow Twenty-Six experience a fall from their command circumference, was rebuked and, in turn, cast out from the seamless bunch—with little hope of resuming tenure and resurrecting power—did we find out the identity of a static bereft power player, dropped from their reign as a member participant to the iron grip control over our megacity metropolis.  Fallen from grace, the terminated chief executive or presiding director was then assimilated into the world of our weakness, which stood firmly in place as the omnipresent Collectivity.  In this realm, they were neither counted as celebrity, nor were they dismissed as demagogue.  In such a place, the former decision maker who passed judgment within The Hollow Twenty-Six was then reduced to a named constituent.  
His identity would at last be released, surfacing in all places and in a variety of legitimate methods of promotion, despite the fact that he would remain hidden from reach, because he carried far too much information that could compromise the balance of power within the Warped City.  Of course, he was watched and diligently followed.  Every move he made was reviewed and cautiously observed, with numerous people contemplating the next stage of his life.  
It was always considered an obligation and issue to be dealt with in Track O—which stood for O-something—because so much could go wrong, if a former leader was not guarded closely enough.  Of course, since he had never been exposed to the others in the circle, he could not betray any identity, because he would have his mind wiped, as well as he would not contain enough information about any aspect of his former duties to piece together a complete picture or to make any meaningful discoveries.  The rest of the unbreakable command circumference would still prevailed over the city, and The Hollow Twenty-Six would remain shrouded in secrecy.  
They would receive a new addition to replace the reject.  Whatever form the decision making process took, their process of making a choice and the stimulation of tests that provoked considerations hogged the resources, since they still required tremendous secrecy and protection; they always continued their dealings without the observation or the knowledge by the masses, and, sometimes, the plans that and procedures of their selection took much longer than expected, which meant that an alternate was required for each of the retired while the fulfillment of the lifetime position was in the process of completion.

The restrictions that forced the rest of us to conform were not applicable to them; they needed freedom to make positive influential decisions.  Not any one of these Hollow Twenty-Six could be held back from their ruling instincts, for fear of the devastation of the inner-workings and the eventual failure of the entire Warped City.  Proudly, in adherence to the original tenets of the Dual Lawgivers, these twenty-six needed unencumbered liberty, and so (being themselves) the validation of the great proclamations that were ideals for the rest of us, they were there as manifestations of the greatest emblems of our world.  These select champions of our system lived as token representatives to the importance of our long-term survival and continuation.  It had been this way for tens of thousands of years, in accordance with the templates of histories chronicled by the Authorial Tome.
In contrast, the nameless were not even worthy of a night of shelter.  Even so, with nothing to lose, the nameless fell under their control.  The select circle of the power elite, who guided all of our activities, our hopes and our dreams, still manipulated and handled these abrasive, clannish throngs of dwellers with their consistent efforts at propaganda and undermining control through ulterior methods of curtailing unwanted behavior.  They implemented measures that were sure to include surveillance carried out by the means of their invisible instrumentation.  
Additionally, for the visible minority, The Hollow Twenty-Six succeeded in other conquering ways as well.  They controlled the marketing and propagation of their ideas in every form of the media apparatus, covering all that was also not directly said or broadcast through the visual imagery cultivated and disseminated through the masking of their identities.  So much research and also resources were put into upgrading, expansion, and also the continual proliferation of all types of surveillance and media distribution for their hegemonic control over the Collectivity of our great metropolis.

You may ask, why were so many valuable resources devoted to influencing the nameless?  Their numbers were by far so numerous, that the rest of us who were named could not see any purpose behind devoting so much of the benefits of our megacity's natural resources.  And yet, there was an agenda for the Collectivity being looked after in such a way that it was not known in a self-conscious way.  So many believed that they were being utilized for their kind, in the ways that they could be used, even though they were perceived as lacking all levers of power with regards to the on-going maintenance and development of the city.  
Was it even worth it to give these nameless such recognition, devoting endless resources to monitoring them, since their kind never appreciated anything, not even the troubles of their own making?  For the most part, the nameless did nothing—absolutely nothing—to create trouble for the Administration or for the rest of the named populations.  
If there were any instigators, the troubled renegades belonged to the subterranean underground, a network of harbingers of the Great Beyond, who were adept at manipulating circumstances and proving to be nuisances to the collective majority.  They were not the same as humanoids, but they too provoked a silent internal retaliatory response that went unnoticed in the very fiber of the beings of our non-existence.  This denied recognition seemed to smolder beneath the conciliatory place of living that we imagined for ourselves in a bubble of false protective equilibrium—the same as where we were all purported to have come from.
There was no doubt in the minds of everyone—including the fabled Hollow Twenty-Six—that only the nameless were truly devoted to the act of waiting for the one who would come after the last great Phantom of the Skies, since it was his glorious reappearance, in whatever form the Progenitor would take, that a consecutive Phantom would reemerge in the awakening of our great metropolis.  His widely anticipated appearance had been long sought, but never fulfilled during my lifetime; there were rumors and hopes, mistaken beliefs, conjecture, and also suspicions, all focusing on the reveal and unfolding of a new personage who would be discovered as the Phantom, translating for us the elements of history and making sense of what was contemporary, digesting it for us into the supreme difference of what would become the future.
It was said that every Phantom who had come before, and the one who would come again, was a part of the greater first being, the Progenitor of the Ages.  All of these nameless people only really awaited the single solitary existent super soul of the Progenitor—whatever form that he would take—whether he would make his appearance as only one super soul or if his celestial everlasting soul would appear as some metaphorical vessel that gave lift to an amalgamated unity of other, collective, temporary, everlasting, preserved or temporally stolen souls.  

It is a far cry between what we can inherently understand from our own points of view, and what is possible to understand with the assistance of artificial intelligence, which can be said to include the tools and the machinery of proper biological coordination.  There was a separation from what it was that I was equipped to deal with, when taking into account everyone’s points of view; but, then again, sometimes people are required to interpret for others something that they can’t even explain for themselves.
This was the case of the natural phenomenon of it all… 
 When something needed to be explained of what people are not equipped to handle, it is more than alright and the best outcome when we introduce the overlap, because with such a difference from a separation, there is no awkward residual that is left to account for.  Then it is the hapless individual who must make something of a sacrifice—for society can do only so much with the collective mind at total ease.  
“They must live a lie, so that the entire collective whole can be kept at odds with the truth,” I had then told Lexanna. 
 At that time, I had escaped their detection, because of the action I had taken just a moment before, which was a gesture that was self-taught and I had discovered for myself.  Somehow, I could do this so many times, without their knowledge, and if they were humoring me, it worked.


CHAPTER 15

There was an invisible Collectivity who craved his coming.  For generation upon generation, they continued to await their forefather, filled with an enduring fervor, hotly anticipating his arrival.  This invisible group strove to include the fulfillment of a spectrum of types, wildly arranged and arrayed in their presence.  They were certainly composed of all kinds and every designation available.  Never mind the notion of parity, because it was understood that upon his return, the beauty and the glorious in all things would shine forever and eternally for the unbelievable everlasting love of the Creator.  
From the nameless amongst us, this final coming from the great and first ancestor, who was the enduring and all-endowed Progenitor, would be discovered amid all of us as the one who would be finally named for his entire world of progeny, while, at the same time, he would receive coronation in our midst.  
Who was he?  Why would he come?  What importance did his arrival make to the world, to our planet...to those who harbored dreams within the walls of our metropolis?  In a hybrid of the ancient languages of Gamenlish and Liramic, our world was in the finishing language of a pastiche of three, in the original tongue, Otux Codoke, and the Warped City within it, retained a trio of names.  No one knew—not even those who professed faith and those who also followed the disciplines of the revered Memorializers knew—when it was that he would make his landed arrival in our world, to announce the consolidation of the presence of his glorious super soul.  A proclamation could come in any number of ways, so people were always on the lookout, questioning the events of today, tomorrow, and yesterday—as they happened—searching for clues.
He was everything inside of absence, because the center could only be a complete and total abstraction.  In that manner, he must have been non-existent, like the rest of us, with the exception of the self-proclaimed who deceived themselves regarding their own densities.  As of that moment in time, when he would make his way to us, however long a voyage into our metropolis that his sojourn would require, this wayfaring wanderer and emissary to a greater totality in comparison to our own negligibility would remain a mystery in the eyes of all beholders.  
Yes, he was the Progenitor.  The nameless would breath their last breaths to know who he was.  And what of the rest of us, who were the named?  Would we recognize him immediately and sacrifice ourselves to his presence upon calling him out and discovering his true nature?  All awaited his coming, at the end of the Last Seven Days, which began with the beginning of a foundation of living time, and ended with the ending of the notion of a living time.  This was the method espoused, practiced without restraint, formulated and adhered to by the nameless.  It was understood and meditated upon, with the limitations and the mistrustfulness for the named.

I secretly wondered about the Progenitor, even though his arrival would be none of my business, since I was of the belief that under the strain of duress, there were more important personalities to ponder the weight of what he would do for the livelihood and the souls of all people.
What happened if he would never come, and if he were just a mythical being, a legend grounded in baseless hope and foolish thinking?  Some time ago, somewhere, in an incomplete dream, the idea of him had come into the history of the nameless peoples.  He had been decided as the revelatory purpose for existence, the meaning behind The Diaspora of Unrelenting Flux, who were the wide and various peoples composed of the nameless legions belonging to the rest of the populations.  This was their official name as it was found in the data repositories of the cold bank mainframe.  
As I have mentioned, they lived in throngs, exposed to the toxicity of the air, sapping away their lives in our streets and in the shelter of tents everywhere.  Daily, they filled the streets of our sacred city with their activity.  We needed and desired a representation of the Progenitor to quell their demands!  Would he have hair, or no hair?  Would his earlobes be squared and angled, so that each ear could be recognizably deep, or would everything on his ears be rounded?  Would we know the color of his eyes, or the type of nose that he would have?  Would there be a thin set of lips, or a fat voluptuous pair of turgid lips for his mouth?  And if he had a jaw, would it be hard-bitten and narrow, or would it be alternately withdrawn, like the glossy swelling face of a modular representative of the Collectivity?  All of these were questions that loomed in my mind, if I contemplated for any period of concentration devoted to what he would look like.
In my most discrete desires, I—like all others in the Warped City—craved to know some vestige of his existence.  Far too many of the named believed that the Progenitor persisted as a myth, or as some legend of the most fanciful kind.  If a miraculous detail materialized, the credible reality of his existence would bind together universally all collective peoples as never before.  
So, in the formidable inescapable truth of his absence, a myth was invented with alacrity, not to be profoundly dwelled upon.  His invention was conceived, and like so many of the picture perfect storybooks for children, he was presented in the same version and same story with a multiplicity of presentations, featuring the protagonists portrayed in every kind within the Collectivity.  The passionate personifications that we were introduced to, of course, played well and included every aspect of his physical appearance, his characterization, and his cultural leanings.  However, to review such detail in perfect intelligibility and representation would be a ruination of the purpose of the versions of the living document in synchronicity with the hands of fate, because there were so many debates around the Authorial Tome.  It is more important that I now present the facts leading up to the Progenitor's arrival, since without his own clues, we were following a mysterious map, as if he were a ghost, powerfully holding for us words as lures, leading the younger generations of our clans with syntax as bait for unceasing surveillance.  
A narrative is still built upon the details that piece together and surely fit together, generating a bigger picture.  Without ways to exhort people and to survey their intelligence, there could only have been a separation of understandings for what was of significant importance.  There is no more expansive a setting and landscape than the one required for the excavation and the manifestation of the Progenitor.  
Despite what others envisioned as an idea and as a figment of our imaginations: Who did I myself believe to be the Progenitor?  He would assume the powerful visage of no other than a face of the most uncommon of powers, who could obviously be so close to the one of the many, or like another great persona, he would rise as a uniquely solitary identity, like the ones who have emerged to become known as the Phantom of the Skies.  If we consulted the cold bank mainframe regarding this theory that seemed biased in favor of the nameless, they both spoke to the same core messages, representing both the Phantom of the Skies and also the Progenitor.  
Could they have been the one and the same, in different shape shifting apparitions of the shared eternal matter, belonging to the same limitless super soul?  Could they have been harboring motivations that endured within the rivaling and not often amalgamated temporal planes of history?  There was only one true vector, and I knew it began where I could view its beginning.  

Most of the time, I did not contemplate such a complicated question because of my lowly status.  I did not believe that I was very much in league with the right elements, let alone someone of even a modest significance.   Appropriateness to express curiosity about such important and vital matters was not expected of me.  
But later…I would deliberate.  There was not only the Progenitor who would return, but there was also the Phantom of the Skies who would come again, after a disappearance for nearly five thousand years.  And if one considered also the trinity—if you brought and introduced into the fold the Creator—then a phenomenon much more mysterious and larger could be recovered from waste, picked peaceably from the shallow muddy minds of tempters, corruptors, and critics.  
Finally, with the additional two beings that were fabled as reclusive and yet as of the utmost importance, the Dual Lawgivers, who were never fully revealed or known to the general public—in their naked identities—there were another two supermen who required explanation and had to be taken into account, with regard to the entire assembly.  	
In addressing just the first two entities mentioned, the Progenitor and the Phantom of the Skies, there was so much that needed answering.  Even though they had both manifested in their lives, the full details of the Tarhan Order, following the dictates that were so important to the smooth governing of their day, things had changed significantly from their era and our time.  Since then, living out the commandment legalities and the underlying abstraction of the precepts of the Dual Lawgivers, complicated everything.  These two were different, because they had both often demonstrated the extremity of their allegiances to the Creator who engulfed every abstraction and material perception that is the information proliferating for our contemporary ways.  Of the two earlier standard bearers of culture and the practices which contribute to the steadfast flourishing of society, the Progenitor motivated and emoted a most meaningful existence for not just our own time, but for all of time immemorial, spanning from the very beginning of our days—as it has been foretold in the Authorial Tome.  
In my understanding, the Progenitor was more important not only because of his precedence, but also because without his presence, there would be no followers who spawned lineages to provide an audience for the many Phantoms who followed and would follow.  Therefore, in retrospect, I can only explain with very little applause for myself, I favored curiosities that harbored more abundantly in relation to questions that could help to reveal better the Progenitor.  From the time of my youth and on, I had been mainly concerned with details surrounding the Progenitor.  Because of his spotted presentation, there was so much more mystery that I could uncover about him, which provoked me to regard him as something of a hero, or the perfect leader.  Of course, what made his so outstanding had everything to do with the unanswered questions about him and his life that kept me interested.
At that time, what I concluded after much research, was something that I felt deep in my bones about regarding curiosity.  My detective work led to so much to uncover.  Ultimately, I abandoned research, determining my investigations had enabled me to ponder so much and retain so little.  It was no wonder that I became what I would transform into without the benefit of knowledge of a more permanent shift from the interior walls of my non-existence.  For this same reason, I would remain humble in my inquiries, claiming little or no knowledge as to the more important questions.  And yet, despite my frustration with the entire process, I would still harbor in the most admirable innocence, certain questions that endured—not just for me, but for others also.

For the most part, these mercenaries found their paradise with the beckoning crowds, who welcomed the fighters for their physical prowess and the extraordinary industry that they continued to exhibit in the peaceful tasks of building—even after their final completion of the most challenging projects within the city.  
Mingling was not difficult for them, because the mercenaries always carried themselves with a measure of nobility, and in recreational and social situations, they exhibited the necessary humbleness and good humor that made them charming and endearing. 
 Not only that, but these mercenaries who had been an important part of winning the Orbital Wars also were considered quite exotic in their appeal due to the special talents that they possessed, which included handling themselves in the form of elegant movement, with the ability of making silent rounds on the bare and quiet of the dancefloor.  


CHAPTER 16

What would be the Progenitor's purpose?  There could only be something so vast that it could not be understood without the perpetuation of the Collectivity.  This highlighted the brilliance of a more connective form of individuality between peoples populating our metropolis, suggesting the notion that he would reveal himself with an important agenda as possibly inspiring his momentous purpose and his rise, the ascension.  If he were not invisible to us, then when would he hail from a place of the foundations of our metropolis and show himself with unabashed results?  
The nameless loudly awaited for him day and night, clinging to their pandemonium as though their inspired fervor were a discipline ritualizing the extension of his sanctity, while the rest of us held onto our small, miniscule, and named lives, with such productive methods of occupying ourselves that we benefited from the diversions that we had set up for ourselves, in the absence of the consciousness of our own biologically rooted anticipation for the Progenitor.  After all, he was the beginning of all peoples and of all things (in our understanding of what things were), regardless of who they were or where they believed themselves to be eventually found, or formally situated.  
For the purpose of this documentation, I should concentrate not on our clearly distinguished named minority, even though my historiography is from the point of view of neither, in its most naked and grotesque depiction of all things that have taken place before my eyes...and in the discovery of the whereabouts of my own soul...in relation to my approved clearance to describe the aforementioned for the peoples of our collective audacity.  
The nameless resorted to the teeming words of the Memorializers.  In turn, they relied on the given dictates of their numerous Phantoms of the Skies who had already come to pass.  These anointed sublime ones lived on in chastisement presiding over their scholarly and perspicacious eyes in mining the truths delivered from verbiage and passages taken directly in the Authorial Tome.  They were motivated by legions of sacrificial lives all around them...and all adhering religiously to the Dual Lawgivers who had come only twice in the history of our making...and ruminating patiently all so that they could be said to prolong and carry out lives of total obedience, in dedication and loyal anticipation pending the presumed arrival of the Progenitor at the conclusion of the Last Seven Days.

 Naturally, the majority of our Collectivity quietly lived out their lives, or the other side of their true lives—as so many believed—in silent exhaustion, growing tired of the hubbub surrounding the tireless wait for the Progenitor.  As a named individual, did I find the fanaticism of the nameless foolish or futile from the outset?  I will reserve my flawed ability for judgment until later, since in expressing my thoughts from the incipient outset—which gloriously encompasses a natural and unprovoked foundational beginning—I have noticed that my resolute plans discovered by others have carried dangers from the reveal, since a point of view is no less than a sway, and that deviation is not just erroneous, but it is also the harbinger of a nest of fragile beliefs, recognized often for being misunderstood and poorly interpreted.  Misinterpretation is common by those who cannot enter into the thoughts and the mind of the scribe who reiterates or into the memory of the one who recollects, whether or not their acts are based upon memory with enhancement, or the recorded facts by technological intrusion, or by the reliance upon scripture which has been jotted from hindsight of rote learning for the very first time.  
Just knowing that I will certainly obscure and possibly mask the acceptability of my narrative to specific readers with a language of its own, so that it can be purposefully misread, remains a dreamy thought that veers me away from the underlying sincerity that is so prevalent and that possesses so much the ability to sicken me gravely, if I were not to admit to myself the fantastical side of my effects.  Any sort of recreation can only serve up the equivalent of a transitional shift, which might be equivocated by the supreme work of a tab of Gemi ingested.  In the same manner, any recreation is information passed on, which might be raised, as if from the dead, like the knowledge of people who are no longer alive, calling forth from the gravity of the return to the ashen-heaped silence that is descriptive of the Great Beyond.  There is merit in recreation, even if it is not accurate in its depiction of events, because, like our return to this time or to that time, or to the rise of a numar-namur or a namur-numar child, the content of an account is still related to the original event or sequence of events.  
And yet, still, it is better than nothing.  Despite the issue of credibility being violated because of inaccuracy, a tested method of testimony can come close, with aspirations intact, if the use of technological assistance and also programming that exists beyond the work of a band-thimaging continuum that conflates so much, with little distinction for separate strings of history.  For that reason, I prefer to provide as much clarity as is possible, even with the natural tendency toward elaboration in my documenting, despite my penchant toward reiteration—with the likelihood of even repeating myself over and over again, so that points are not missed (and in order for them to be well taken), all in the spirit of making something that is below the very skies that lift us into a more substantial account of dream-making and timeless embroidery of the celestial firmament to be descried and interpreted for our recollections.  

In answer to my own question about their fanaticism, I will simply say that I did not find the nameless over the top—like so many others—ready and gloating over the possibilities of a revolution.  
This belief is a mask given to them by the proponents of their control.  Like a haunted Great House, it is meant as a diversion, giving rise to a horror and theme of terror, to hide the true value that is locked within the vaults of each significant doorway to that property.  In fact, I was more accurate in my intuitive reaction to them, from the very early days of discovery of the pursuits of their activities.  There were strange times when I fantasized about what it would have been like…I wondered what it would have been like if I had gone ahead and received a subject from the nameless.  This would have been unconventional and probably verging on the sacrilegious.  A nameless subject, in the possession of my hands!  Oh, what fun I would have had, working over the nameless, leading them with my questions, subjecting them to my unconventional spin on the words exchanged.  No doubt, there would have been odd and inconvenient moments, but all the same, it would have been worth such an investigation, because no recording specialist had ever proceeded, on record, to fully professionally question a nameless.  Perhaps there were subjects who were amongst them, but they either came forward disguised, or they had managed to evade detection by all of the most sophisticated methods of technological assistance that was allocated to us.  I knew that my attitudes about these dwellers occupied an inherently unfair prejudice that was shaped by the impressions that I harbored with a semi-automatic recall, without intimate knowledge of their persons.  
Of course, I had come face to face with the nameless, even risked touching their bodies when the roads and walkways were too crowded—and I had needed to make a pass on so many occasions—but I have never stopped to discuss something of value with any of them, or had I ever stopped to exchange any vital words with them.  To me, despite their excessive populations amongst us, they were redundant and simply faces who faded away into the background, except when I stood before one and had to stare them in the eyes.  When I snapped out of these rare daydreams, horrified by an awakened nightmare, mysterious thoughts provoked me to contemplate the pursuit of interviewing one of the nameless.  Of course, it was not long after that I would eventually reawaken again, as if from a golden reverie.  This time, in my right mind, I would know that the experience to undergo such a special recording session could only have been like the same thing as grandiloquence exacerbated.  It would easily occupy in my roster of conquests (as some of our rank and file called sessions), an education unto its own.

Known as the Sabanai, for the longest time, they recognized themselves only by the familiar term of Sab-Rangers.  Everything that the first mercenaries spoke of was ‘Sab-this’ and ‘Sab-that’, for their planet had collided with an asteroid after they were saved.  
They were the last of remaining survivors, who had enlisted to fight the Orbital Wars, in order so that they could avoid the destruction of their planet—an event that had been foretold for two thousand years and counting, before Progress X.       
Because the Sab-Rangers were so disciplined as the fine soldiers they were, the populations within The Warped City saw no threat to welcoming these special breed of people within their circles.
“What do you know about them?”
“I know that only my sense of them is so remote—as if I have always been in league with them, connected by something other than the modes of being that we are allowed…” she replied.
“Is this a new revelation for you?”
“It is the only revelation for me,” she replied.  “They are from the distant world, the Planet Earth.  What I know, and what they explain to me, is that Earth is place where there is allowed no arrival, but only exit.  Why?  I don’t understand, but just as the Sabanai have always performed in curious ways that we don’t understand…”


CHAPTER 17

It was my suspicion that they were rather docile.  If they were ineffectual, they might have been analogous to the poor substitute accounts sometimes provided for the rations and rationing of A to Z Gemi, occasions when indefensible reasoning was offered by the Administration, for the bait and switch, suggesting a shortage of the utility substance.  Of course, these disappointing events continued to be orchestrated by The Brayton Corporation, and their effects were to augment the value of the non-counterfeit purity of the true rations.  The excuses used were received openly by the submissiveness of our Collectivity.  I suspected that they themselves were lies that came before manipulation, so that false words could become the truth.  There was always a jiggering of the information and disclosures, so that everything happened in smooth complicity with the arrangements and determinations made by The Hollow Twenty-Six.

In the same manner, I understood that my expectations and understandings of the legions of nameless might have been manipulated, for purposes and reasons that could not be comprehended by even elite circles within the Administration and our Management Squadron Corp.  Revolution was not the actual purpose of the nameless, even though, in some unusual and extreme circumstances, a minority of these devoted street dwellers and tent dwellers behaved and proved otherwise, since they gave themselves license and credence to proceed with something even so counterfeit as using force and violence to achieve peaceful ends.  

It was the authentic derivation, casting light upon a throwaway culture, since the paper mask of the entire lifestyle that was so staunchly observed would inevitably fall due to their hypocrisy of being mixed into a tendency toward carnage, brought on by negligible elements of their population.  The small segment of nameless people that upheld violence, endorsed token maniacs of destruction.  Unfortunately, their presence could eclipse an entire girth of portions of the legion of the nameless in the media and also for our impressionable natures.  They were the ones responsible for embracing violent revolution with timed and coordinated smokescreen attacks.  
They were narrow band of proponents of violent overthrow, calling for all forms of legislative and organized government challenge for the many; they were unfortunate deviants who alternated between the worst offenses of humanity and the worst offenses against people.  These few did not properly represent what it was that I would determine about their creed with closer examination and a first-person testimony.  
Of course, whether or not my later sessions would represent all of them, the majority of them, or simply the broader machinations of a single intentionally placed agent of deception, I could not have known…at least not initially when I would learn of the identity of the nameless who would become my intimate contact.  My certainty about my impressions of their kind would wax and wane, rise to a pinnacle and dip to a nadir, depending on several incontestable factors.  My narrative is best revealed if the details of these happenings is reserved for a later point of the documentation.
Despite what was reported throughout all quadrants of the Warped City, the rare select few who professed violent uprising as an antidote for the gnawing fear that some preserved as an unspoken retaliatory nature, could corrupt and contaminate further, reaching the inner natures of others, perhaps sapping even their souls.  It was as if the perverted individuals of their kind were magnified constantly, an orchestration that was thoroughly employed and carried out in force, not just through the error of critics.  For the ones who blindly carried out violence for the nameless, they were different from their brethren.  
It was a tribute to something that they had learned, in reverse of their order, and they partook with the understanding that life was squeamish, and it was their duty to threaten and to scare life into the Collectivity.  This distortion of their rule of law was an activity that persisted, coming down for generations from the original declarations of both Lawgivers, co-opted with a method of sustained malignancy among a particular grouping of the nameless.  Their influence appeared to blossom terribly.  
They justified their doings in violation of the definition of their beings, because they were misled to believe in their own existence by inheritance, heritage, and tradition, or, ironically, the vacuum thereof.  This permanently separated them from the whole, and so they believed that without the use of terror, they would remain apart from the Collectivity, if they did not bring about self-destruction unto themselves, so that they could join the realm of the non-existent, when accounting for the rest who remained.  It was an abhorrent mendacious untruth that served as a mask to replace what others often decreed as dignity.  Where these lies came from, only the inner workings of the nameless could know.

I was someone with a position to keep, a name to live up to, and work to do.  I possessed a talent for details, not for glorifying overwhelming expansive visions that might have informed the tendencies of the Memorializers, who led these nameless from the beacons of their pulpits.  Being a certified tyro when it came to affairs of the city, I could not have been any less equipped for the role of anything more than what I was doing!  I considered myself a person who served as an intermediary, transitioning problem individuals with audits, so that they could escape their problems.  
Naturally, I carried out such minimal rescues through my expertise as a recording specialist.  Each subject was only one amongst the Collectivity, and though his or her connections might have networked very few degrees of separation, reaching everyone with a name, they were not to be considered any more than minimal in their importance, at least with regards to my work and the recordings of them who I came away with…  this was true no matter how many sessions I proceeded to make of them.  My typical method was to believe the above, because to place any greater importance on the recordings would have been too much pressure for me to proceed smoothly and to carry out my work with a comforting effortlessness, encouraging the natural proclivities that were my impulses in relation to my subjects.  I grew to know my recording subjects, these named individuals, and the common instincts of so many of them, with a wealth of options when it came to firing back at them retorts and appropriate challenges in conversation.  
In contrast to what some others suspected, I had absolutely no control over what happened within the streets, and I claimed apathy when it came to the ways of the nameless.  In a flash, I could simply explain to myself with a tinge of mournfulness: “No, of course, this is not what I thought or consumed within myself.  I am not a party to the crimes, complicit to the savagery, a brother to the barbarism and madness…if only you will consider the beauty and glory of their Collectivity!”  
In this way, without giving the nameless the benefit of any form of my participation, I recognized their tremendous quantitative and qualitative value.  Regardless of who stood for them, whether it was the violent few or the docile many, one could not reconcile their devotions as redundant because of the powerful determination that pervaded any type of sacrifice that as to make up some aspect, in part or as a whole in their comprehensive and accountable collective character.  

There was little or no defiance to their introduction into every district and the mosaic of The Warped City.  Millions of this breed of people had died in the Orbital Wars. 
So the two-and-a-half million mercenary survivors of the Sabanai—who were conscripted and swiftly transitioned into building the massive wall surrounding the perimeter of The Warped City, did their best to ingratiate themselves.  Naturally, the populations took pity on them.  
They welcomed all ranks of these mercenaries into their hearts, and it was understood that they would regard them with a continued respect and also treat them with a special distinction.  So well were they welcomed, that there was no distinguishing difference recognized between the Sabanai and the rest of the populations.  It was decided that they could roam about without any tagging, since they were to be freed and integrated within the flourishing populations—in the context of the burgeoning communities. 
They would not be excluded ever.


CHAPTER 18

Yes, the nameless could be defined as a conglomerate of one.  Any absorption or acquisition, no matter how dense or contrary, as long as the sucked up was not greater than the whole, survived the consolidation of enduring participants who prevailed, weathering the entirety and remaining the same unified many.  It was admirable and excessive, so noticeable that to deny them their irrevocable identity would have been to fail egregiously in examining the best in people and also the most shining nobility of the collective populations.
Affirmative.  Undiluted, they breathed their breaths of persistence.  No transitory inviolability could deflect the proper framing of the substance solidifying the legions of their numbers.  Yes, there was a streak of evenhandedness in my self-thoughts, analogous to something of a posture of supplication, when I considered their presence.  It was automated, like the reflex of significant and star-shattering childhood memories buried deep within the recesses of a person’s mind—my own thoughts—still guided and also formulated by the very reactions of times far beyond recollections, in an aged body, in a damaged resistance of attitude, which comes with the weariness from onslaughts dealt by the elements of the chaos laden mind, if not by the actual impetus of groundbreaking events.  If I could catch a glimpse of the whys of my activity or the responses that I have demonstrated to my upbringing, then I could be counted lucky.  At least, in companionship of such knowledge, I could not change my reactions, but I certainly would be capable of processing them in ways that could be understood.

Indeed, sometimes my think-seed thoughts seemed to turn on themselves—as was my custom to reveal to myself the lonely vigil that hummed and rattled inside my brain—because I was an observer, and unlikely to view one side of an extreme attitude with any special favor, without slipping into the opposite within the same breath of words, if not by the end of an entire sentence.  It was one of the reasons why, for the most part, I tended to keep to myself with nothing edged out in the silent side, rather than to speak liberally and without restraint.  At least, this was the case of my attitudes and self-censoring tongue with most people.  
On the other hand, Lexanna was different than me.  She was spectacular in her luminosity, like a glittering jewel shining by the illuminations of a bonfire, broadcasting to a dark tunnel the elegance of light thrown over great distances as if for the very first time in many centuries.  This is how unprecedented her effect was on people.  Perhaps that was why in the fix of things, she was the subject, and I was the auditor, because I would be the one who needed to be revealed for the poor substance that comprised who I was.  Simple tear drops of rain at times, if I let myself dwell on what I believed to be my own non-existence.  
She inherently offered a sense of freedom that triggered my own mixed-up self, allowing some unknown balloon within me to fill and inflate to a size so great that her inspiration heated m and could become a floating vessel for the navigation of a maelstrom of clouded notions.  Somehow, in suspicious ways, she differed from other subjects that I had encountered over the annuals.  She was markedly different, and I did not trust her luster, believing that her qualities were there to deceive me, innately devious and moribund.  In a different scenario, I would never have believed her capabilities were possible, but this was not my immediate reaction, not under the pressures of my station, which informed me of my entire outlook.  I was supposed to be the solution for something—even in my poor condition of being—but how was it possible when the very mire that we encountered in the undertaking of our duties, could not be freed from contamination of the existing problems?  

What Lexanna enabled me to unleash was not possible, if it had not been for the recordings that automated our connections and revealed the many latitudes of my own personal discovery of the shards of personality hidden deep within my percolating brain.  Her presence allowed me to separate myself from what was inseparable in all of my cumulative experiences, assembled together, which was a composite drawn from the very essence of myself.  How easily she could then bring about in me a complete eradication of the collections of my unfulfilled experienced of lore.  In this way, she enabled a tabular rasa version of me to emerge, proactive and also aloft, with new impulses that were not entrenched by previous habits. 
Words echoed in my ears and penetrated deeply within the broad strokes of electrical patterns that proliferated in my mind: “Rather than being a single individual, a remnant of the collective populations, one can be two-fold, three-fold, four-fold, five-fold, or one could graduate onto someone with so many manifolds of versions!  After all, there are so many of you, if taken into account, who are the strands of history and also the merging of the consolidated history by band-thimaging!  You admire something harmonious about the beauty of the layered inconsistency surfacing.  It is like the perfection of a flock of winged creatures—birds if you will—all moving as one…turning as one…descending or ascending as one…even when in reality, they are not one, but they are an amalgamation of their own informed and trapped Collectivity…the many as one!”  
If I thought more thoroughly about my own condition, then I could have better understood the deep metaphor that was dormant within me, revealed in the behavior and actions and intrusions of the nameless and their overseers, the Memorializers.  On many occasions, from the windows of my apartment, I watched them with curiosity.  Though it was a mystery to me unfolding, I could not more fully indoctrinate myself into their ways from afar, and yet, there was something within their congregations that was being mysteriously internalized in my person.  	
For this reason, I took to rare outbursts of professing the danger that I witnessed or heard about, to my closest companion, announcing the as aberrations of the conditions of living, drawing attention to a natural habitat that we had to endure inevitably within the confines of the colossal impregnable walls of our great megacity; this occasional habit was not to be utilized in my own thoughts for their demonizing.  There was a humdinger of a revelation that I had not yet come to, which would change everything for me.  I was not too much like them, without knowing the grounds for similarity, and so, it could be said—unknowingly—that I was blinded by my own ignorance from the knowledge of what would set me apart.
  
In the analysis of all things historical, representing the grandeur of the infinite Cosmic Eye, who sees all good works and all failings of the Creator, I could pose some questions regarding this clear blindness that afflicted at least a part of my notions about my own identity and the vast and diverse sphere of life within the Warped City.  
Would I ever be appropriate for taking down the observations of others that I made so easily and all of those scenarios coming to me so readily in my notes?  Was I so powerful to be an instrument of information to make judgments?  Was my work providing any value beyond the remedial efforts of my own hours dedicated in a spirit to further master a skill?
In a sense, without an intentional deliberate chancing upon of the understanding of the following conclusion, I found without much concrete awareness the same broad-minded concise result that so few had discovered in the past—I considered the assumption that the nameless were more important than the rest of us.  
They lived always amid impassioned throes of uniformity (albeit the pandemonium that they exhibited had some cause in wrecking the smooth harmonious impression that they engendered) giving voice to an inspired discovery of new fascinations, rather than bearing anything so important as bestowing upon each other theoretical or empirical consummations that were even remotely close to being a pressure on the nerves of our majestic city within its fortified and protective barrier.  
Of the dynamic and unspeakable wall that protected us, it was somehow unattached to our city.  I say this because if it were a part of our city, then we would have known more about its purpose.  Of this magnificent enclosure that contained us within its all-encompassing borders, there is much to be said, and so I will not detail those supremely important attributes until much further along in the unraveling of our narrative, since now, we are still at the embryonic stage of the stagnation of a true foundational pre-beginning.  All I will reveal is now this: the wall itself was tantamount to the most emblematic character of my story.  It was a circular face for the most part, a line with no end, surviving the manifold blemishes that corroded its visage.

I felt something when Lexanna had spoken, which clearly indicated to me that I was capable in some sense, to feel the same experience that she was talking about.  Perhaps this connection was our secret, but there was no way of telling or of knowing for certain what was the case.
They were not approving of my words and the thoughts associated with them.  If only I had automated the delay mechanism, so that both would not have been so synchronous, then they probably would not have caught on, because the words were vague enough to keep them from detecting the overall animosity that stung in the deepness of bitter meaning.  They were elliptical.  We were perfect ovals.  The codex reading could only hamper our transfigurations—or to be more specific, my singular transfiguration into remnants, not whole persons.






















AFTERWORD

This is something of a simple book in terms of its creation.  The purpose was to engage in both automatic writing and stream-of-consciousness writing.  The version you have here contains edits, structural changes, and manuscript revisions.
The entirety of a novella about the Folded X, In the Dark City, was originally published in an online version in 2004 on a social networking website as a serial novel.  Though the novella story was incomplete, the project was begun again anew in 2011 as The Folded X with completely new writing.  The original version was from Bryan Hsuan.  The newer version was presented first under the pseudonym Grant Ryan Redland or G.R. Redland.  In December 2013 the book was resubmitted as Folded X of the Warped City, (a dramatically shorter and revised vision of the earlier consolidated Folded X: Book One, completed in spring of 2013), this current edition of the speculative fiction novel contains very little of In The Dark City.  There remains only small snippets of language, ideas, and passages that were also written extemporaneously online and published to nearly eight hundred reader downloads within a period of weeks ten years before.
The official definition of automatic writing includes a dependency on the supernatural.  It is a method to free writers from the act of writing.  In completing the newest writing, I used a computer and did not approach what can be understood as the accurate purist definition of automatic writing.  After completion, I made edits, rearranged passages, and revised.  Pertaining to my efforts, I drew on the sub-conscious mind, choosing conventional methods of tapping into creativity, over trying psychographic techniques.  As for stream-of-consciousness writing, the familiar approach of taking down an interior monologue is what I attempted and reveal here.  I completed this original experiment into creative writing in January 2014.

		Bryan Hsuan
		January 2014






Grant Ryan Redland or G.R. Redland is the pseudonym for the science fiction genre writer Bryan Hsuan.  Bryan is a writer who grew up in Princeton, NJ and is based in New York City, San Francisco, and Los Angeles.  He studied creative writing at Yale University and received a degree from Brown University in the program now known as Literary Arts.




