Raven’s Blood
By Cassandra Lawson

Copyright ©2014 Cassandra Lawson
Smashwords Edition
Cover image © Can Stock Photo Inc./coka
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement is investigated by federal law enforcement agencies and is punishable by up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000.

.

Acknowledgments
I have so many people who contributed to this book and I want to take time to express my appreciation of all of them. First of all, I want to thank all of my readers who have given me encouragement. The reviews you write and the notes you send me on Facebook mean the world to me. I also want to thank Kari, Levenia, Melissa, Ria, and Trista for all of you input on this book. I could not have done it without you. I want to say a huge thank you to my brother, Daniel, for helping me with my book cover. As always, I could not have done this without my husband’s help with line editing or his willingness to put up with me locking myself in the office for hours to write. Finally, I want to thank my family who has shown me so much support in my writing over the years.


Also by Cassandra Lawson
The Psy‑Vamp Series
Vampires and Vixens (Psy‑Vamp Book 1)
Safe Hex With a Vampire (Psy‑Vamp Book 2)
Vampires Prefer Blondes (Psy‑Vamp Book 3)
The Vampire Will See You Now (Psy‑Vamp Book 4)

The Moon Virus Series
Embrace the Heat (Moon Virus Book 2)


Prologue
Charles Graham III, CEO of Graham Pharmaceuticals looked around the room at his inner circle. These weren’t the board members of his company. Well, some of them were, but mostly these people were his most trusted and loyal friends. They shared his view of the world and they were the only ones he would trust with his plan to save the country. He wanted this to be a relaxed gathering among friends. That was why he’d chosen to meet with them at his Diablo home, rather than in his boardroom. They were all seated in his lavish family room with its comfortable sofas and armchairs. There was a television taking up most of one wall with several gaming systems that his fourteen year old son wasted most of his time playing.
While he hated the San Francisco Bay Area, he had to admit that Diablo was livable. He still regretted his decision to move the main pharmaceutical plant to Oakland, but the city had been desperate to rebuild certain areas and his wife had been desperate to move back to California. Well, it was working out well so far. His idea had come while driving past the homeless people who were now invading the communities surrounding his own home.
As he looked around the room, he caught sight of himself in the mirror and smiled. Modern advances in cosmetic surgery allowed him to retain a youthful appearance at the age of forty‑three. His pale blond hair had thinned some in his twenties but he’d quickly remedied that with a pill. His skin was smooth, thanks to the occasional injections. There was not a single line around his blue eyes. His lack of chin had been easily repaired. Now he was a man with striking features, and an impressive physique thanks to hours with a personal trainer.
“My dear friends,” he began in his CEO voice, “our country is faced with a crisis the likes of which we have never experienced before. We have survived government shutdowns, both federal and state. Our military has been denied pay for defending our country. Crime is on the rise. Our credit worthiness with other countries is plummeting. The list of problems goes on and on, but the blame for these problems can be laid squarely on the lower classes which drain our precious resources. We pay for their healthcare and the lifelong care of their drug addicted babies. We pay to keep them alive in prisons for years, knowing that they will never be rehabilitated. These leeches continue to suck the lifeblood out of our country and reproduce at frightening rates. We cannot allow this to continue. Why should hard‑working Americans, like ourselves, support these useless creatures?”
“No one is arguing that the poor are a drain on our country,” said his close friend, Senator Crane. He wasn’t one to spend money on his appearance. He played the role of the elderly southern gentleman with his white hair and rounded belly which he attributed to his wife’s fantastic cooking even though they’d always had a cook. “The liberals won’t let us cut them off. They say it’s inhumane.” The last was said with a sneer. “I’ve tried countless times to support bills to cut government aid and force people to work, but the liberals whine and cry about the starving children. I don’t know how you manage to live with them here in California.”
Charles knew Crane was right. It had been even clearer to him since he’d moved to California. The liberals ran this state and they made sure his tax dollars were spent supporting the poor rather than reducing the state’s overwhelming debt. That was why he’d decided that it was time for a more creative approach to solving the problem. He smiled with anticipation as he prepared to tell them his plan. “That’s why the only logical solution is to euthanize the leeches.”
There were several gasps, but Charles could tell that even those who were genuinely shocked, were also intrigued by the idea.
Crane snorted. “There is no way we can kill off the poor.”
“Ah, but there is,” Charles assured him. “All we have to do is disguise it as something the liberals will approve of. You are all aware of the new strain of flu that is rapidly spreading in China. Well over a thousand people have died already. People are scrambling to find a vaccine before it hits our country and we already have the vaccine. It was easy since we were the ones that introduced the flu virus.”
“You introduced a virus that could kill us all?” gasped his dear friend, Olivia Martinez, from the CDC. He could see the flush under her caramel colored skin. She hadn’t dressed down like the rest of them. She’d worked hard to gain her position and preferred to remain in her power suits.
“Not to worry,” he said in a soothing voice. “As I said, we already have the vaccine, and it has been thoroughly tested.”
“So you plan to offer the vaccine only to the upper classes?” asked Brice Lowell, a high‑ranking official at the FDA. “That’ll never work. Even if I can push the approval through quickly, it would be selectively given to those at risk first.”
“Why no,” Charles said with a genial smile, “I plan to give it to every American citizen, free of cost. What the hell! We’ll even give it to the illegal immigrants. In fact, the powers that be will require people to get the vaccine. It will be given in schools, prisons, free clinics, and everywhere else the poor scum congregate, as well as at our better establishments.”
“Then I don’t see the point,” Crane said impatiently.
“The point is that the vaccine given to the poor will include a new virus that we’ve developed. It was invented by a brilliant team of scientists headed by a man named Dr. Harold Moon. In his honor, we’re calling it the Moon virus. The Moon virus is fast‑acting and attacks through saliva and blood. Naturally, the flu vaccines given to the right people will also contain a vaccine for the Moon virus. The virus acts so quickly that the people who contract it will be dead within twelve hours of exposure. The research was disguised as a team of scientists trying to find a more humane execution method. Fear not my squeamish friends, we did find that it is a very humane and painless death. People will simply fall asleep and never wake up. To avoid being linked with the virus, we cremated the bodies of the ‘volunteer’ test subjects immediately after their demise. Without the poor bastards sucking the lifeblood from our country, we can finally return to the proud nation we once were.”
“Won’t that seem overly suspicious if everyone in certain areas suddenly dies? How will we explain how wide spread it is?” These questions naturally came from Olivia Martinez with the CDC.
Senator Crane nodded thoughtfully. “She makes an excellent point. Someone is likely to figure out there’s a connection.”
“I fully agree,” Charles said. “We have to be careful to avoid having the outbreaks look intentional. Alaska and Hawaii will not be infected with the Moon virus at all. We will have scattered cases in wealthier communities. Some poor communities will be left unscathed. We’ll still need people to perform manual labor. I’ve made plans to get the virus into the Amish communities, who will naturally refuse to get the flu vaccine. There will be no way to connect it to the mandatory vaccinations. While some may be suspicious, I’m sure the CDC’s finding that it is a fast acting virus, as well as the government’s assurances that it was not chemical warfare, will calm their fears.”
Charles smiled with confidence. Soon, the country would be as it should be. His friends still looked uneasy but most had started to smile. Soon, his plan would be in motion.
* * * *
Two Weeks Later
Charles sat in his study watching the news reports, unable to hide his smile. Things were going exactly as he’d planned them. He toasted his own brilliance with a glass of sparkling wine.
“Graham Pharmaceuticals has just received FDA approval for the vaccine against the virulent strain of flu that has killed nearly ten thousand in China. CEO Charles Graham III announced that the vaccine will be distributed to everyone, at no cost. This comes as a great relief as fears that this flu virus will spread to the U.S. escalate. Graham Pharmaceuticals is currently in negotiations to distribute the vaccine internationally as well. Plans to administer the flu vaccine in schools, hospitals, prisons, senior care facilities, and special clinics are under way. Vaccines will be given two weeks from today. The government is requiring all citizens to receive this vaccine unless they object on religious grounds.”
* * * *
Two weeks and one day later
Charles laughed as the worried newscaster discussed perhaps the greatest event of modern times. She didn’t know how lucky they all were yet. Well, maybe she did but the news would have to report this as a great catastrophe. Her face was suitably somber and she’d even let her mascara run some.
“Government officials and healthcare professionals are baffled by the sudden pandemic that has decimated entire cities in the last twenty‑four hours. Death tolls are unknown at this point but estimated to be at the very least five million. Travel to and from the United States is prohibited as other nations fear the spread of this unknown virus. Anti‑vaccination groups are claiming that this is a side effect of the flu vaccines that were administered yesterday, but no one can explain why it only affected certain people in certain areas, including communities that were not vaccinated for religious reasons. In most areas, the bodies of the deceased are being left in their homes or in the streets as officials struggle to find ways to collect them. The rest of us live in fear of the spread of this deadly and fast acting disease.”
“Those poor people,” gasped his idiot wife. She’d likely be trying to host some sort of charity event to help the families of the dead or some such nonsense. As usual, she’d spend more money than she raised. “I really must do something to help them.”
He gave her a placating smile. “I think it might be best to wait. I’m sure the government can handle this.”
* * * *
Four days later
Charles sat fidgeting nervously as he listened to the latest news report. He’d finally turned off his phone, tired of rejecting the calls from his friends. The ice rattled in the bottom of his glass and he put it to his lips to try to get the last of the watered down scotch. He longed for more to numb the fear gnawing at his gut, but he couldn’t bring himself to walk across the room to refill his glass. This just could not be happening! It was the stuff they came up with in bad movies. He watched as the same female newscaster recounted the details of Charles’ failure.
“Officials are urging all citizens to remain in their homes with the doors locked. What is happening now is nothing short of a nightmare. Victims of the deadly virus that struck three days ago have begun to rise up from the dead in a mindless state. Others have come forward in fear of frightening changes that they are experiencing. The one thing that ties them together is the sudden need to consume blood and the growth of fang‑like teeth. Those who seem to have mysteriously returned from the dead are slaughtering anyone in their path. The military and police are trying to contain them, but they are overwhelmed by the sheer number of these creatures. Many members of the military reserves and National Guard were victims of the pandemic so there is little back up. Other nations refuse to offer assistance for fear of having this mysterious illness spread to their people.”
As she droned on about the tragedy of it all, Charles considered taking all of his wife’s Xanax and ending it all. How could his perfect plan have gone so horribly wrong? Instead of killing the poor, he’d turned them into fucking vampires! A hysterical giggle escaped his lips. They really were leeches now. There had to be a way to fix this.
* * * *
Six months later
Charles smiled as he watched the latest news reports. He still couldn’t believe that he’d been so worried just a few months ago. Things hadn’t gone the way he’d planned, but once his new plans had started moving forward, he’d known that it would be okay. Soon, he would be able to announce that they had a vaccine for the Moon virus, and the nation would be grateful to him. He couldn’t announce it too soon or it would look suspicious.
Even better, the Supreme Court had ruled exactly as he’d hoped they would. The key had been acting quickly, while fear still ruled the minds of most people. Even the liberals were so afraid of the new vampires that they weren’t worrying about their rights. The ruling was about to be announced to the world. Then he’d be free to make use of the poor that had survived with their minds intact. His mind raced with plans for experiments and workers who didn’t have to be paid.
“Officials are still warning citizens to beware of bands of crazed vampires. While most of them have fled to wooded areas and abandoned suburban communities where it is easier to hide, many still plague the larger cities. Graham Pharmaceuticals has announced that they are making great headway toward creating a vaccine for the mysterious vampire virus which has been named the Moon virus, after the recently deceased Dr. Harold Moon, whose research prior to his death is playing a key role in the development of the vaccine.
“After two weeks of deliberation, the Supreme Court has ruled that vampires are not human and do not retain their constitutional rights. This has been a difficult debate that was sparked by the argument about what to do with the vampires that are not crazed. Many have suggested that they be destroyed but several activists have argued against this course of action. With the Supreme Court’s decision made, there is still no clear plan of action. Vampire rights activists at UC Berkeley are calling this decision a terrible blow to human rights, claiming that this decision will lead to unchecked abuse of the Moon virus survivors.”


Chapter One
Sixteen Years Later
It wasn’t until his fourteenth birthday that Connor realized he’d been born into Hell. Before that, he’d known that his world sucked big time. He’d known that his mother suffered to keep all of them safe and fed. She tried hard to shield them from most of what happened to her but he had a pretty good idea. The fact that they were barely given enough blood to keep them alive was no secret. They were slaves. Oh, the humans didn’t call it slavery. They said they protected vampires from the dangers of the world. Humans called this place a reservation, but it was a prison. The humans claimed that they were oh so fucking kind because they could have just killed off all of the vampires. They expected the vampires to show their gratitude in the most disgusting ways. So yeah, life pretty much sucked.
Connor got why humans hated his kind so much. A lot of humans had been killed by turned vampires. In the beginning, the humans hadn’t known what to do with the vampires that weren’t trying to kill them. He’d been born in the dirty cell of a local jail. That’s where they’d all been kept at first, jails and prisons. Well, it’s where the ones who had gone to the government for help had been kept until it was decided what to do with them. The smart ones had probably stayed hidden. Connor had spent the first five months of his life in a jail cell. He supposed the reservations were an improvement in some ways, but he’d always hated it here.
Ah, but he’d had no idea how bad his life could really suck. Now that he was old enough to earn his keep, as the humans put it, he knew the truth. Just shy of sixteen years old, he knew all about Hell.
His fangs ached and his gut twisted with hunger as he stared at the human woman who had paid for his services. In exchange for the use of his body, she had paid a hefty sum to the owners of this prison and promised to provide him with blood; blood that he would only receive after she was satisfied that he’d met his end of the bargain.
The humans that ran this special corner of Hell called it a fair trade. Vampires were allowed to find willing hosts this way. While the humans insisted that it wasn’t a prison, no vampires could leave. None could refuse to service the patrons after they reached an age when they were deemed useful. For some, like Connor’s friend Simon, that had come earlier. Simon had golden hair, innocent blue eyes, and an angelic face. Connor’s mother had been the one to tell them that. She’d once confided that she’d been tempted to scar Simon’s face to protect him. Connor often wondered if Simon wished that she had.
Connor was lucky that he’d been an awkward looking kid. With his light brown hair and light brown eyes, he had nothing special to offer. It wasn’t until just over a year ago, when he began to fill out, that he started to attract the interest of the bastard humans who owned him. His mother had once told him that it was the defiant look in his eyes that attracted the patrons to him. They wanted to break him. At least twice a week, someone tried their best to do that. The only good thing was that his mother no longer had to work as hard. Had he known the extent of what she was doing, he might have volunteered earlier.
“Turn around and get on your knees,” purred the dark‑haired human. She was one of his regulars and he supposed many would call her attractive. Of course, it really didn’t matter what she looked like for what she wanted from him most days. Sex wasn’t usually what she came to him for.
He did as she instructed and immediately felt the whip slice through the shirt on his back. The bitch never let him take the shirt off first. Later that day, he’d have to get someone to pick the bits of fabric out of his shredded flesh before he healed over them. It was much worse if they had to cut him open to get the fabric out. He cringed with each strike but said nothing. She only wanted him to speak when she ordered him to.
“Such a good little demon,” she crooned. “Should I give you blood today? Would you like that?”
“Yes,” he hissed as another strike rained down on his back.
“Then you’d better please me really well. I hear that you’ve been misbehaving and I don’t have to give you a bag of blood if you don’t give me my money’s worth.”
Connor knew that the owner was a bastard so he didn’t doubt that she was telling the truth. Connor also knew why he was on the owner’s shit list again. One of the bigger patrons had developed a sick obsession with one of Connor’s friends and Connor had refused to tell the bastard where Simon was hiding when he’d come to call. Simon had already been used twice that day and Connor couldn’t stand the idea of him going out again. It had been worth the beating. He dreamed of the day when he could rip that bastard’s throat out. It was that fantasy that kept his mind distracted while the beating continued for what seemed like an eternity.
He could smell her arousal in the air. Damn his heightened sense of smell! It made his stomach turn to realize that she might want more from him today. Most days it was just the beating. It appeared that today wouldn’t be one of those days.
His hatred for humans burned strong as she made him beg for the blood that he had worked so hard to earn. She’d only acquiesced after he pleasured her with his mouth.
“Such an obedient little demon today,” she said as she lounged on the plush sofa. The rooms where they met with clients were all richly decorated and kept at a comfortable temperature. None were carpeted because it was too hard to keep up with the blood stains. The furniture was frequently replaced. Oh, but they couldn’t give the used furniture to the vampires. Nope, they’d rather burn it than give them any comfort.
He staggered home, hoping that Shelby or Norah would be there to help clean up his back. Carla was too squeamish and he hated having one of the guys do it. No matter how tough he tried to be, it hurt like a bitch and he just couldn’t hide that fact. The guys couldn’t resist making fun of him and his mother felt guilty if she had to clean him up.
“Ah, fuck!” Shelby said when she saw him stumble in. Her face was bruised, meaning she’d just gotten back from her own assignment. With her mocha colored skin the bruises didn’t seem to stand out as much which sucked even more. Connor’s patrons weren’t allowed to mark his face, in case he was requested later that day. Sure, the bruises would be gone in a day, but the owners didn’t want to risk upsetting paying customers. Shelby wasn’t so lucky. She attracted customers for some of the same reasons Connor did; she was mouthy and bold. She was also considered an exotic beauty. Her mocha skin contrasted in a striking way with her green eyes. She kept her reddish brown hair short but it just accentuated her delicate features. “Norah!” she yelled. “Connor got his ass kicked by some bitch again!”
“How’d you know it was a woman?” he asked with a smile. He knew how, but Shelby’s answers always amused him. They made it seem less disgusting.
“I can smell bitch on your breath,” she said with a shrug. “Careful, Con, you are what you eat.”
“Ew, Shelby!” Norah said as she hurried out with the first aid supplies. “That was crude, even for you.”
The banter ended and they went to work on his back. They’d been doing it at least once a week for the last year of his life so they had a good system down. Norah was lucky that she never attracted much attention from the patrons. She was attractive, in Connor’s opinion, but there was nothing that stood out with her. She had brown hair, brown eyes, and very nondescript features. She was also sweet‑tempered and quiet. It’s not that she didn’t get requests; it was just pretty rare. Most of Norah’s customers were just looking for sex, nothing weird. She was the luckiest in their little family.
“Some days you just want to put a stake through your own heart,” he muttered.
“Not me,” Shelby said as she tweezed the last of the fabric out of his back. “I wanna put stakes through the hearts of the people who do this sick shit to us. Oh wait, they don’t have hearts.”
That made Connor smile. Shelby had been a fighter as long as he could remember. “We’ll get our chance soon enough,” he assured her. Connor still wasn’t sure how he’d earned the title of leader in their little misfit band of blood whores. It had happened back when they were still small children and for some reason the others had looked to him for help.
“We need to stop talking like this,” Norah said quietly.
Connor limped into the bedroom and put on a clean shirt before anyone else could see him. Okay, mostly before his mom could see him.
The fact that his home was a total shithole always stood out more after he worked. Compared to the luxurious homes where they entertained the humans, the vampire homes were slums. Theirs was a two bedroom home with one tiny bathroom and a flat top roof that leaked. They had electricity but it was monitored and they only got so much. The water ran, but hot water was a luxury. Seven of them shared the tiny home with its chipped paint and exposed insulation from the holes in the walls.
“Where did my mom go?” Even as he asked the question, he already knew the answer. They were old enough to get enough blood to keep her fed now. She didn’t have to work, but the bastard in charge was obsessed with her. He’d never let her go. Even if he weren’t obsessed, one of his biggest clients was.
“They took her,” Simon said from the front door.
“Bastards,” Connor spit out. “You okay, Si?”
The haunted look in Simon’s eyes said that he wasn’t okay and never would be, but he gave a nonchalant shrug. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Once the fun one in the group, Simon had become the most embittered in the last couple of years. Not that Connor could blame him. Simon had been the first of them to work for his keep, and the only one who refused to talk about what happened when he left their home. Well, his mother didn’t talk about it but that was to protect them. Si’s reasons were different.
The door opened slowly and his mother walked into the room. She was a slight woman with delicate features. Her silky brown hair was kept short, like most of the women. The Moon virus would keep her looking young forever if you didn’t look into her eyes. Eloise had lived a hard life in the sixteen years since she’d contracted the Moon virus. Before the virus, her only concern had been finding a way to raise her baby alone when her husband left her. After the virus, she was left with not only one baby but had managed to collect five other children to care for. Their mothers had either been killed or gone insane after the change. Children with no protection were as good as dead. The ones that were lucky were torn apart by crazed turned vampires. The ones that were unlucky were taken by the humans for medical experiments or left to starve in prisons before the humans had settled them onto reservations.
“Hey kids,” she said with a false smile. Over the years it got harder and harder for her to pretend things were okay. Connor saw the way her hope shriveled and died. She was their biggest inspiration for the training. “Where are the others?”
Simon’s eyes softened at the sight of the woman who had raised him and tried her best to protect him. “Jack and Carla went out. They should be back soon.”
She nodded and Connor could tell her mind was elsewhere. He wanted to ask her if everything was okay but it was a stupid question. Things weren’t okay. Today things just seemed somehow worse than usual.
“What’s wrong, Mom?” Connor asked hesitantly.
She pulled down the paper shades in their little shack and glanced around nervously. “I need all of you to get away from here. Find Jack and Carla and make sure they don’t come back. Find another place to stay and if anyone tries to connect you to me, tell them they’re mistaken. Deny knowing me.”
“What the hell is going on?” Connor demanded.
When she turned to him her eyes held something close to panic. “I killed him,” she said.
“Killed who?” Connor asked. “Was it that bastard that runs this place? Did he hurt you again?”
She shook her head. “I killed the one who hurt Simon today.”
All of the color drained from Simon’s face. His mouth hung open but no sound came out.
Connor didn’t ask why. Hell, he didn’t need to ask why. They all knew what happened to Simon was terrible. They all knew that he suffered more than any of them. They all knew that he lied to Eloise about what he suffered.
Finally, Simon spoke in a strained voice. “No. What have you done? We can tell them it was me. They’ll think it was me. I’ll go now.”
She caught his arm. “No, Simon. I made sure someone saw me do it.”
“Why?” Simon asked desperately.
“I just can’t do it anymore. I just can’t watch them torture my children.” Her voice held one thing that Connor had never expected to hear, defeat. His mother had finally reached the end of her rope. This wasn’t fighting back, this was giving up. She knew that she wouldn’t survive and she didn’t care anymore.
Before any of them could respond, Jack and Carla raced into the house. “Men are coming to kill us,” Jack said calmly.
They all looked at Connor, even Simon who had become so withdrawn. They all wanted him to tell them what to do. Connor took a deep breath. “It’s time,” he said and felt both trepidation and relief. By the end of the day they would no longer be slaves. They would no longer be blood whores. By the end of the day, they would either be free or dead. He was almost giddy with anticipation.
No one asked for further direction. They lifted the floor boards which concealed the weapons they’d made and the ones they’d stolen. Armed with crudely made bows, bags of wooden stakes, chains and two guns with enough bullets to reload twice, they prepared to meet their destiny. A scruffy bunch of adolescent blood whores ready to take on the masses. Adrenaline coursed through Connor’s veins.
“No!” Eloise shouted. “They’ll kill you. Don’t go out there. Please, just let them take me.”
“No,” Connor said firmly. “This ends today.”
The front door was thrown open and in swaggered the bastard human who made their lives hell. He was flanked by two guards and looking more than a little smug. “Now, Eloise,” he said with that arrogant drawl of his. “You know I’ve worked hard to protect you all of these years, but I just can’t abide you killin’ one of my best customers.” Suddenly he froze as he looked around the room. The guards at his sides tensed and started to draw their weapons.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Connor said as his lips curled up into a slow smile.
“Stupid blood brats,” the bastard sneered. “Put down those weapons and I might not punish you as severely.”
Simon laughed. “Well now, ain’t that just magnanimous of y’all,” he said mimicking the bastard’s drawl. “I’ve got a better idea. How about we just kill every fucking human in this place and gorge ourselves on your blood?”
That was enough to spur the guards into action, but it was too late. Shelby and Jack had already moved around behind them. As the guards reached for their guns, stakes were rammed into their hearts from behind.
It was surprising how few guards there really were. Within an hour Simon’s words were made a reality. The only survivors had fangs and the vampires had all eaten better that day than they had in their entire lives. Every human scumbag who preyed on their kind was dead, and it was just the beginning.


Chapter Two
One Year Later
“Why do we have to go see him?” Raven asked, not caring that she sounded like a petulant child. She didn’t want to see her human father. He was nothing more than a reminder of why she was so much different from the other wood nymphs. She hadn’t seen him in a decade, not since she was seven years old, and she didn’t want to see him now. It wasn’t that Raven didn’t like her father; it was just that he wasn’t a part of the world she lived in by his own choice.
Wood nymphs did mate with human males, but those males had to be brought into their world. They had to be accepted by the woods and merge with a spirit of nature like an animal or tree. Once they did that, they were no longer considered human. Raven’s father hadn’t been willing to leave his human life behind. Raven couldn’t help but resent him for that fact. Her mother always assured her that he would join them one day but that didn’t make it any easier. His absence made her an outcast among the other nymphs. Without her mother, she would have no one.
She just didn’t understand her father. How could anyone stay away from her mother? In Raven’s opinion, her mother was the most beautiful woman in the world. Her long hair was so pale that it appeared white in the sunlight. Her eyes were a mossy green that became even greener when fully immersed in the woods. Her features were delicate. When she sang, animals and nymphs were drawn to her.
Sadly, Raven hadn’t inherited much from her mother. Too much had come from her father which helped to remind the other young nymphs of how different she was. Her hair and eyes were brown. Her eyes did swirl with gold and green when she was close to her spirit tree or animal.
Her mother’s sigh brought her out of her musing.
“Stop pouting, Raven,” her mother said in her calm soothing voice. “He’s your father and he loves you.”
Raven snorted. “He doesn’t even know me. If he loved me he wouldn’t have told us not to visit again for so long.” At one time, they’d come out of the woods to visit him every few months. Well, sometimes it had been longer. There were times when his position in the military made it impossible for him to visit. There were times when he hadn’t been able to get word to them that he wouldn’t be there. That was back in the days when she’d still been excited to see him. It hurt to know that his human life was more important than seeing her.
She’d seen him when she was five and he’d told them to stay in the woods for two years. No explanation was given and he’d barely stopped to give them both kisses on the cheek. When they’d come out after two years, he’d rushed them back into the woods for another ten years. Obviously, he didn’t want to see her. She could only assume that he had a new family; a human family. Her mother refused to believe it.
“I know this is hard,” her mother said. “Have you thought about what I said?”
Raven nodded. “I don’t want to live with humans.” In the last few months, Raven’s mother had been trying to talk her into an extended visit with her father. He’d suggested it as he’d rushed them away the last time.
“Not forever,” her mother said. “It would just be a visit. You are part human. Maybe you should consider it a blessing that you can be part of both worlds.”
Raven didn’t feel human and she didn’t want to be a part of any stupid human world. Humans sucked. The only reason they hadn’t destroyed the homes of the wood nymphs was that they couldn’t see the wooded areas that overlaid their world. Humans could walk across a piece of wood nymph land that was hundreds of miles, but it would only seem like a few feet to them. Humans were blind to most things. The other wood nymphs made sure to tell her how bad humans were all of the time. They never let her forget that she wasn’t really one of them.
“I could never live with the humans. Please don’t make me,” she said softly, feeling a little afraid. “You’re all I have and I don’t want to leave you.”
“I would never force you. Just think about it,” her mother said with a reassuring smile and reached out a hand to Raven. The wind blew a strange scent their way and her mother’s hand dropped as she sniffed the air. She looked worried but then smiled when she heard footsteps coming their way. “That must be your father.”
The attack seemed to come out of nowhere, leaving them no time to disappear into the woods. Her mother’s warning scream changed to a sickening gurgling sound as her throat was torn open by long fangs. Nearly a dozen humanlike creatures surrounded them. They moved at an inhuman speed. Several of the creatures fell upon her mother’s body. Raven heard the frightening growls and the sickening slurping sounds. Most disturbing were the popping sounds as they tore into her like wolves on a felled deer.
A rumbling growl pulled Raven’s attention away from her mother. Behind her stood a boy who looked like he was probably sixteen years old. He was one of those creatures. She could see the long fangs dripping with saliva as his lips curled into a sinister smile. Two more males about his age flanked him. They all had long stringy hair and it was so dirty that she couldn’t guess the color. They looked gaunt and pale. Their eyes shone with hunger and madness. They smelled of blood and death and she nearly gagged as the scent of them and her mother’s blood surrounded her.
One of them inhaled deeply and shuddered. “Nymph,” he growled.
“Come play with us, nymph,” another said with a crazed laugh. The words sounded forced and didn’t flow right. It was as if he knew the words to say but his mind had to force them through his lips.
Raven looked back at the trees. If she could just make it to them, she could escape. She could disappear into the woods. Her eyes darted to her mother and she felt the tears burning the backs of her eyes. Her mother was gone and she would be too if she didn’t hurry.
The creatures were closing in on her. She spun and made a break for the trees, but they were on her instantly. Obviously, not as crazed with hunger as the others, they intended to toy with her.
“You don’t like us, nymph?” one growled as his arm snaked around her waist and pulled her close. She nearly gagged from his breath.
“She ran cuz she knows we like it,” another one said with a cross between a growl and a laugh. He moved in front of her to graze her neck with his fangs.
Raven stood frozen. She felt the sharp points nick her skin and then felt the trickle of her own blood. His tongue lapped at the blood as another one of them laughed.
“Save some nymph for me,” the third one said as he moved to her side.
Suddenly Raven was released from her frozen state. She brought her knee up between the legs of the one in front of her. When he doubled over in pain, she began to struggle to free herself from the one behind her. He was too strong and he simply laughed at her as the one doubled over on the ground cursed her and made threats. Well, she assumed they were threats. His words had become disjointed and made little sense. Obviously, pain made it harder for him to speak.
Gunshots distracted the creatures and Raven managed to wiggle free, but her legs just wouldn’t carry her to the woods. She dropped to the ground as three humans destroyed the creatures around her.
“Raven,” her father said in a gentle voice. There he was in his military fatigues. She was surprised by how much he’d aged in ten years. Of course, that was what humans did. They got old and died.
“Daddy,” she said like a little girl. That’s how she felt, like a child who was lost and confused. After spending years feeling superior to her father, he’d been the one to save her. “What are they?”
“Vampires,” he said as though it were a curse. “I was trying to get to you in time. I was going to tell your mother to take you back into the woods and not come out again. When I sent you away last time, I thought we’d have this mess cleaned up by now. I’m sorry that I failed you, baby girl.” There were unshed tears in his eyes. “You have to go back.”
It was then that Raven finally let her tears fall. Vampires had killed her mother. How could she return home? She’d never really belonged there. She had nothing to go back to.
“Please don’t send me away, Daddy,” she sobbed. “There’s nothing left for me there.”
He stroked her hair and lifted her into his arms.
“Don’t worry, baby girl,” he said softly. “I’ll take care of you.”
In that moment, she felt like his baby girl. She felt like the little girl who would wait anxiously at the edge of the woods for her daddy to come. All she wanted was for him to hold her. That’s all she wanted now was to feel safe.


Chapter Three
Eighty‑Three Years Later
They were surrounded on all sides.
Every one of them had known the risks when they’d led the vampires into the woods. Raven didn’t regret her decision. They needed the medicine for the sick at their settlement and breaking into the hospital had been the only way to get it. Unfortunately, someone had seen them in the hospital and set off the alarms.
Now, she and her friends stood facing the merciless creatures of her nightmares. Raven had taken volunteers to lead the vampires away so that the rest of their team could make their escape with the medicine. Raven looked around at her team, her friends, and she knew what she had to do. There really was no choice.
Staring into the woods, her woods, she drew strength from them. They really were her woods. Surrounding them now, were dozens of oak trees. She’d been the one to cause their rapid growth to cover the remnants of the city that had once stood in this place. Well, not all of it, just a large portion. The oak tree was her tree, so it had been easier to manipulate their growth. It had taken her weeks and drained her completely. In some ways it was ironic that the oak trees had taken over most of a city that was once known as Oakland. Very few humans knew that. They didn’t learn history. Most of them didn’t even learn to read now. They only learned survival because that was all that mattered.
Taking a fortifying breath, Raven moved forward some. Not an easy task with the vampires so close to them. There were probably ten of them surrounding her team of four.
“Who’s in charge?” Raven asked with as much authority as she could manage. Her voice shook ever so slightly, knowing that what she was about to do was risky.
One of the vampires stepped forward with an amused smile on his face. The other vampires parted so he could stand directly in front of her. He looked young, but it was hard to tell their real age. His light brown hair was short and a little messy. He wasn’t very tall, maybe an inch or two less than six feet, but compared to Raven’s slight build she still felt like he was towering over her. His chest seemed somehow too broad and out of proportion with the rest of his frame. She pushed her long brown hair behind her ears and stood straight. She met his brown eyes which were ringed with gold.
“I’m in charge, little human,” he said with obvious amusement lacing his voice. Raven was used to people being amused by her. She looked fragile and she knew that her authoritative manner seemed laughable to most people when they first met her.
“I want you to let all of my friends go free,” she said.
Ignoring her request, he gave a gesture and the vampires roughly held her and her team in place as they searched them. Raven cringed when she felt their hands on her. When all of their weapons were taken from them, the leader finally spoke to her again. “Should I free them so they can kill me?”
“I promise they’ll leave without trying to hurt any of you.”
He shrugged. “If I kill them all, they won’t hurt us.”
One of the women on her team, Jenny, moaned pitifully. Raven felt for her. Jenny had seen her own father killed by vampires twenty years ago. Raven’s team was made up of the humans that she called her family. All had suffered some tragedy and Raven had taken them in after it. Many of them looked older than her now but in some ways they were still her children.
Raven swallowed hard before speaking. “I’m willing to offer myself for their freedom.” She knew that she needed to explain herself, but fear made her hesitate. In the back of her mind she was still replaying the image of her mother being torn apart by vampires. These ones didn’t seem in any hurry to tear them apart so that gave her some measure of hope that she would survive. She was also thankful that they didn’t smell like blood and death. The leader was standing so close that she could smell his sweat, probably from running in a heavy jacket. It wasn’t a bad smell. As much as she hated to admit it, she actually wanted to lean forward and inhale deeply.
He laughed and leaned closer to her. He placed two fingers on the pulse on her neck and smiled when it quickened. “But I already have you.”
“Don’t listen to her,” shouted her friend, Danny. “She’s just making crazy talk.” Danny was like a little brother to her but since he’d started looking older than her, he’d decided that he was her protector.
“My mother was a wood nymph,” she said.
The leader snorted. “If that were true, then we couldn’t have caught you once you made it into the forest.”
She was thankful that he at least believed in wood nymphs. It wasn’t a widely held belief. If he doubted their existence, she’d have no bargaining power at all.
“My friends are human,” she said softly. “I’ll do anything to protect them.”
“Then prove you’re a wood nymph,” he said. His fingers were still on her neck.
She looked around at the foliage to find something that would help her make her point, but he shook his head.
“Not that way,” he said in a seductive whisper. He lifted her wrist up to his nose and inhaled deeply. His body shuddered. “Wood nymph blood is supposed to be nearly addictive. Prove it with blood.”
Raven tried to pull her hand away, but he held it tightly. She was crowded in by vampires so she couldn’t move back at all. She was well and truly trapped. Of course, she’d known that he might want her blood. This meant facing one of her biggest fears.
“Will you let my friends go?” she asked nervously. It was hard to keep her fear in check this close to one of the creatures that had killed her mother. These vampires seemed calmer and saner, but she knew they could easily turn into mindless killers. That was their nature.
“If you are what you say you are, and I have your word that you won’t disappear into the woods as soon as they leave, then I’ll let your friends go,” he said with a nonchalant shrug.
“Connor‑,” one of the others started, but he silenced them with one hand in the air.
“I promise that I won’t run,” she said to the vampire leader, Connor they’d called him. She closed her eyes.
Connor brought her wrist to his mouth and licked her pulse. That one move actually sent a shudder of desire through Raven’s body which made her feel guilty. Now was not the time to be aroused and never by a vampire.
His fangs sank into her wrist, and it hurt. She cried out a little from the pain, and then she felt the strange sensation of him sucking at her wrist. A low growl erupted from the back of his throat, reminding her that he was a dangerous predator.
His mouth moved away from her wrist and he stared into her eyes for a long moment. Then, without releasing her wrist, he turned to the other vampires. “Her friends are free to go with everything they have except the weapons.”
More than one vampire looked like they wanted to argue, but they all held their tongues.
Raven watched as her friends left. They all looked like they wanted to stay, but they knew she was in charge and she was ordering them to leave her. As soon as she knew her friends were safe, Raven would make her own escape. She didn’t feel the need to keep her word to a vampire.
The collar closed around her neck and Raven’s eyes widened. She reached up to remove it, but it was locked in place. It was made of a strange metal that felt hard, yet comfortable against her skin. It made her angry enough to forget her fear.
“I am not your dog!” she hissed.
The vampire finished attaching a matching arm band to his wrist before leaning in close to her. “You chose to trade your own freedom for theirs. You are whatever I say you are.”
Raven fought hard against the urge to slap him. Her friends had to get away. All she had to do was bite her tongue for a little while.
He watched her struggle with a smile on his face. “Have you heard of these collars?”
Raven shook her head. A sudden sense of dread washed over her. She could already tell that she wasn’t going to like this at all.
“I know you have every intention of running as soon as you believe your friends are far enough away that we can’t catch them. You’re thinking that there isn’t any reason to keep your word to me since I’m not even human. I’ll bet you even have a plan to delay us from leaving the woods so you can escape. It’s a smart plan, and it’s probably what I would do if I were you. I had a hard time not laughing when you promised not to run.”
“Then why take the deal?” she demanded.
He let out a humorless laugh. “Now that’s a good question. I’m sure that I’ll need to examine that one myself later. For now, just know that you won’t be running anywhere.”
“Really?” she asked with her hands on her hips and one raised eyebrow.
He gave her a smile. “Damn, you are either really brave or really stupid. The collar is linked to my wristband. It can’t be removed by anyone but me. If you stray too far from me, you will experience pain like you’ve never experienced before. Even if you manage to overcome the pain and leave the perimeter I set, I can track you anywhere with this.”
Raven looked around. Most of the other vampires seemed to be doing their best to ignore the conversation. There were a few that were watching intently. One of the females was scowling at Connor like she might stab him.
Raven clenched her fists in an attempt to avoid smacking him. “So how far can I move away from you?” she asked so that she could get as much distance between them as physically possible. There had to be a way out of this.
“You might want to stay right by my side, just to be on the safe side.”


Chapter Four
Connor couldn’t believe the mess he’d just gotten himself into. He also couldn’t figure out why he was going out of his way to taunt the nymph. He’d had no intention of keeping any of the humans. He knew they were following the diversion team. They’d been too conspicuous in their flight from the hospital. Obviously, they wanted to be followed to take the attention off of the small group stealing medical supplies.
While Connor had no real fondness for most of the humans that still fought them, he knew about the sickness that was claiming the lives of many humans living on the island settlement. He didn’t see any reason to become the monsters that humans believed his people to be. Hell, if they’d come to him and asked for the medicine, he would have negotiated to have it delivered to them. Sure he would have needed to arrange for something in return, but they could have donated a few bags of blood and called it even. Sadly, they didn’t trust his people and he couldn’t risk looking weak by turning his back while humans stole from them. He also couldn’t allow the humans to think it was easy to steal from them. At least, not in a way that was obvious to his less loyal followers or the humans that hated them so much.
The plan was to chase the humans into the woods and lose them. The people he’d intended to have follow him were in on the plan. Unfortunately, a few others had decided they’d join him in the hunt rather than following his orders and staying behind to secure the hospital. It would have been too suspicious to argue with them. He was pretty sure that they’d been suspicious of him anyway. Those who had joined him against his wishes weren’t loyal to him and were looking for an excuse to discredit him as a leader.
Still, he could have justified letting the humans go. He could have claimed that he didn’t want to risk bringing the sickness back to the humans living among them. They didn’t normally take captives unless they posed a real threat. The truth was that it was just too much work. They weren’t short on blood donors so there was no reason to have unwilling humans around. Under their current laws, they could forcefully take humans to use as blood donors, but Connor had lived as a slave and the idea of having his own was distasteful, to say the least.
He blew out a frustrated breath. The whole plan had seemed so simple until the nymph made her offer and revealed that she was a wood nymph to everyone. Oh, and he couldn’t get lucky and be surrounded by a bunch of vampires who didn’t believe in wood nymphs. Nope, he had to be with a group of believers. What a total cluster fuck!
Allowing an offer like this to slip through his fingers could have been a fatal mistake, not just for him but for many others under his care. It also could have been very bad for the wood nymph. Had he not taken her, someone else would have and he would’ve had no grounds to stop them. She’d sealed her own fate when she’d willingly offered herself. No, he had no choice but to take her up on her offer and assert his dominance over her.
He might feel better about himself if asserting his dominance wasn’t so arousing. That was one fact about his nature that he couldn’t change. Vampires were dominant predatory creatures. He might like someone with a little fight, a challenge, but in the end he wanted to win. Hell, he and all of the vampires with him had already been aroused just from the chase. Yep, she had sealed her own fate with her admission and all he could do now was try to make it easier for her.
So, now he had a wood nymph. Well, part wood nymph. Based on the fact that she was living among humans, he would guess her other half was human. Actually, since all wood nymphs were females, he’d never really figured out how they procreated. Then again, he hadn’t really believed the stories of their existence until he’d met this one. He was tempted to ask her who they bred with, but she didn’t seem like she wanted to share any details with him at that moment. Yeah, the subject of wood nymph mating habits should probably wait until she didn’t want to stab him in the balls.
He just wasn’t sure what to do with her. He couldn’t allow her to escape, but he certainly didn’t want the hassle of keeping her. Yes, the blood was everything he’d heard it was. He’d wanted to pull away from her wrist and sink his fangs into her neck as his sank his cock into her. Damn! He really needed stop that train of thought.
He looked over at his angry little nymph and he had to bite back a smile. She was sitting in the passenger’s seat of his jeep while he drove. Her hands were cuffed and attached to the loop on the dashboard. He could still see the mark where he’d bitten her. Her pale white flesh was bruised a little. One might expect her to look defeated by her predicament. Far from it; she looked ready to tear his head off.
When she caught him looking at her, she scowled even more. “What do you plan to do to me?”
He sighed. “I’m not sure. This wasn’t part of my plan. There weren’t supposed to be any prisoners coming back with us.” He felt bad about leaving her feeling this scared and in the dark, but it was the truth.
“No prisoners?” she asked. “Were you just planning to kill us?”
“You’re awfully mouthy for someone in your position,” he said. He wasn’t sure if he was annoyed or amused by her bravado. It would certainly mean more problems for him, but the attitude she was giving him was much better than weeping.
She shrugged. “I just want to know what’s going to happen,” she admitted. “I’m used to being the one in charge.”
“What’s your name?”
“Raven,” she said after a moment’s hesitation.
“I’m Connor,” he responded.
She waited for him to say more.
“Just do what you’re told and you won’t get hurt,” he assured her. It sounded reasonable to him.
She snorted. “Sure, I’ll just trust the undead guy. Maybe I can get a pet cobra and tongue kiss it too.”
Connor stifled a laugh. This wasn’t the time to bond with the nymph. He needed her to behave and fear was probably the best way to control her. Respect would be better but she obviously hated him too much for that. “You don’t have much choice, Raven. You gave yourself to me. You chose to become my property.” Fuck, he really hated using that word.
“I did what I had to do to save my friends,” she muttered.
“Only you didn’t really expect to have to keep your promise to me,” he said as he slid the card into the security gate. It was primitive technology, but they hadn’t caught up with the rest of the world on all of the security technology yet. It had only been forty years since they’d opened some tentative trade agreements. “You expected to give them enough time to get away and then disappear into the woods. I’ve heard that your kind can do that. One minute you’re there and the next you’re gone.”
She surprised him when she made no attempt to deny it. “Can you blame me?”
He smiled at her and shook his head. “No, it was a good plan. Too bad you didn’t know about the collars. I suppose that it also might have helped if I hadn’t known you could do that. Then I probably wouldn’t have even used the collar. So tell me something, Raven. If you’d known that there was no escape for you. If you’d known that you were really trading your own freedom for theirs, would you have still done it? Would you have really played the martyr to save a handful of humans?”
“Yes,” she said without hesitation. “What choice did I have?”
“Like I said before, you could have disappeared into those woods and we never would have found you.” He couldn’t deny that he admired her loyalty, but he felt it was wasted on a bunch of humans who wouldn’t have done the same for her.
“They’re my friends,” she said with a shrug. “I’ve already lost enough people I cared about to vampires. I didn’t want to lose more.”
“Turned vamps?” Connor asked.
She gave him a blank stare that said louder than words that she had no idea what the difference was. That didn’t really surprise him. Most people in the human settlements had no clue.
“Why are you living with humans?” he asked.
She shrugged.
“I figure that your father must be human or you wouldn’t be with them. What I can’t figure out is why you weren’t living with your mother and her people.”
“My mother was killed by vampires,” Raven responded and Connor didn’t miss the tremor in her voice.
“You saw it?” he asked and felt an unwelcome sympathy for her.
She looked away and it was obvious that she wasn’t going to answer his question. Now, that explained a lot. Just fucking great! He was stuck with a wood nymph who had good reason to hate vampires. This just wasn’t his day.


Chapter Five
Raven had never been inside of a vampire community before. She’d been into the business area, but it didn’t seem like vampires lived there. She didn’t know anyone who’d seen where the vampires lived. Well, that was because the people who went in never came out. Dread washed over her as they entered the gated community. The guards were eyeing her curiously as she sat hunched over in the front seat of Connor’s jeep. She hated the feeling of being on display for these creatures. What she hated most was the fear that seemed to be strangling her.
Breathe! She reminded herself. She was not the scared girl who had watched her mother die eighty‑three years ago. She was strong. She would not embarrass herself.
The settlement wasn’t what she’d expected. It was a little like the human suburban communities that she’d seen decades ago. These were the places where many human families lived before the pandemic. It was almost like a window into the past. Sure things were different, but the similarities were eerie.
The houses were close together with backyards that appeared to extend pretty far. Each home had two floors, and they were all painted in drab shades of brown or grey. All were boxy looking, like the housing where she lived, but in much better repair. There were covered driveways in front of each house and it looked like there were some variations, but in general each house had an entryway to the left of the parking area. A narrow covered walkway led to the front door. All of the doors were white. There were three large windows visible from the front, one downstairs and two upstairs. The tiles on the roofs caught the sunlight and she guessed that they were some kind of solar panels. They used solar panels in some of the areas at the human settlement too but nothing like these. The colorful tiles on each roof seemed to form abstract mosaic patterns. It was strange to see such beautiful roofs on such unattractive homes. Trees and ornate old‑fashioned lanterns lined the streets making things seem almost normal. Then she saw a group of children riding bicycles and gasped.
“You keep children here?” she nearly shouted. “You are even more disgusting than I ever could have guessed. What kind of monster feeds off of children?”
Connor parked the jeep in the driveway of one of the drab grey houses and grasped the collar around her neck. He pulled her close to him. Raven refused to show any of the fear she felt.
“Do not speak to me that way in front of my people or I will be forced to discipline you,” he said with deadly calm.
“How about if I just speak to you that way when we’re alone?” she snapped.
He smiled at her with his lips parted slightly to show his fangs. “When we’re alone, I prefer it if you talk to me that way. It gets me hard.”
Raven gasped and leaned as far against the door as she could get. The stupid vampire actually laughed at her.
“I hate you,” she muttered.
His face sobered. “You hated me before you ever met me and there’s nothing I can do to change that.” Bitterness dripped from every word.
Connor got out of the jeep and walked around to her side. He opened the door and removed the cuffs before stowing them in the back. Vampires stopped on the street to watch with open curiosity as Connor led her into the house. His hand was wrapped around her upper arm. She felt her cheeks heat with shame at being treated this way.
She studied the living room quickly when they entered the house. It was a large room with hardwood floors and comfortable looking sofas and chairs. A grandfather clock was ticking loudly and there was an ornate mirror beside it. She didn’t know much about vampires, but she’d read in some books that they couldn’t see their reflection in a mirror. She wondered if that was true.
Connor walked her up the stairs to a bedroom without a word. The hallway was narrow with beige colored walls and no photos or paintings. She struggled in the doorway of the bedroom, but he just sighed. “I need to change clothes, Raven. You can keep your eyes closed if it makes you feel better.”
“I’m a nymph,” she said arrogantly. “Trust me; I’ve seen much more impressive men naked.”
Rather than being offended he laughed again. “Damn! You are full of spunk, aren’t you?”
She stood rigid in the doorway and watched as he stripped off his jacket. There was a Kevlar vest under the jacket, which explained why he seemed so unnaturally bulky. Raven stared at him as he stripped off his t‑shirt to reveal his bare chest. He had very little hair on his chest and she’d be lying if she said it wasn’t one of the nicest chests she’d ever seen. His abdominal muscles were well‑defined and rippled as he slipped a clean shirt over his head. Then he started to unbutton his pants and she turned away which proved that she’d spent too many years around humans.
“I was wondering how long you’d gawk at me while I undressed.” He sounded smug.
Luckily they were interrupted before she had to answer.
“Connor!” shouted a man from downstairs.
“Be down in a minute!” he called back. “You can look now,” he told her. “I’m descent.”
She snorted. “I’m pretty sure ‘decent’ isn’t a word I’ll ever use to describe you.” She turned back and there he stood in khaki shorts and a t‑shirt. His feet were bare and he sat on the edge of the bed to put on his socks and shoes. It was strange. He just didn’t look like a vampire to her. Her shock must have registered.
“What did you expect me to wear?” he asked.
She shrugged. “I guess I never really thought about it. I just didn’t expect you to look so normal.”
He studied her for a moment and frowned. “Your clothes are a mess. I’ll see if someone can bring you some things to wear.”
Her eyes widened with surprise. “Thank you.”
His voice lowered. “Listen to me carefully,” he said. “I don’t want to hurt you, but I cannot show any sign of weakness among my people. Do you understand?”
“If I’m disrespectful, will you kill me?”
“No, I won’t kill you, but you might wish that I had.” The threat frightened her more.
“Come on, Connor,” shouted another male from below. “You can play with your nymph later. We have business to discuss.”
“Aren’t you worried about discussing business with me around?” she asked.
“Why should I be?” he asked. “You aren’t leaving.”
“Thanks for the reminder, asshole,” she grumbled.
“If you keep using those sweet terms of endearment, I’m going to start to think you like me.”
His teasing tone threw her for a loop. Raven wasn’t sure what to think. It just wasn’t what she expected. Then she reminded herself that she needed to keep her guard up. Just because he looked normal didn’t mean he was.
He held open the door and motioned for her to walk in front of him. She heard the voices downstairs and wished she could avoid going down there. The last thing she wanted was to be stuck in a room full of vampires.
When she got downstairs she recognized some of the vampires from the woods. One was a tall blond who, quite frankly, looked like he should have a halo. It was no lie that she had never seen a more beautiful man in her entire life. If his angry scowl was any indication, he would like nothing more than to rip her throat out.
There was also a female, about her height with short brown hair and pale grey eyes. While they were of similar heights, the female vampire was much curvier than Raven with rounded hips and large breasts. She gave Raven a reassuring smile.
The third vampire she recognized was just slightly taller than Connor. He was lean, with longish black hair and catlike green eyes. He had a bored expression on his face until his eyes rested on her, then his lips curled into a playful grin. “I hope we were interrupting something.” Raven recognized his voice as belonging to one of the males who had yelled for Connor to come downstairs.
The blond gave her a predatory glare. “Such a lovely new toy, Connor,” he said. “Can I have a taste?”
Connor grabbed her arm and pulled her behind him in an oddly comforting way. “No,” was all he said. Then he turned to the room in general. “Where are Jack and Shelby?”
“Jack went home to check on things and change clothes,” answered the female. “Shelby went to pick up some clothes for the nymph since they’re about the same size. We figured that you wouldn’t think about it.”
Connor shrugged. “Why would I think about something like that?” his voice sounded cold.
The blond male laughed. “She’d probably be more fun without clothes,” he added.
Raven’s fists clenched at her sides and she wondered if there were rules about how she could behave toward the other vampires or if it was just Connor she was supposed to pretend to respect.
Connor’s gaze locked on the blond vampire. “I’m not sure I like what you’re suggesting, Simon. You know the laws.”
Simon gave him a mocking salute. “It was just a joke. Although, I should add that those laws apply to humans. We don’t really have any laws regarding wood nymphs.”
“Have you given her anything to drink or asked if she needs to use the bathroom?” asked the female vampire in an accusatory tone.
The expression on Connor’s face must have said enough because she let out an exasperated sigh and then grabbed his wrist. She hit some buttons on his wrist band and then motioned for Raven to follow her. “Don’t worry about the collar; I set the boundaries on it so you can move around anywhere downstairs without a problem.”
Raven reluctantly followed her out of the room. The female led her into the kitchen, which was separated from the other room by a door, pulled out a glass and filled it with water. Raven took a tentative sip, surprised that the water tasted good. The human communities still had running water, but it was pretty bad. They filtered it so that it was safe, but it still tasted terrible.
“Thank you,” she said.
“I’m Carla,” the vampire said.
“Raven,” she replied and finished her glass of water.
“Are you hungry? I could probably still catch Jack before he heads over here. His wife is human so they have food.”
“He’s married to a human?” Raven all but gasped.
“And they are disgustingly in love,” said an exotic woman who was coming into the room. She was a couple of inches taller than Raven with a lean muscular build similar to Raven’s. She had reddish brown hair and green eyes. Her skin was darker. The overall effect was striking. Raven recognized her from the woods as the one who had looked like she wanted to stab Connor. The woman pulled out what looked like a cell phone and wrote something on it with a small pen. “I told Jack to bring food,” she said. “I’m sure you aren’t hungry now with all of the stress, but you will be later.” She handed Raven a pile of clothes. “We can get you some more stuff later, but this will give you two comfortable outfits, and a couple pairs of pajamas. I think my stuff will be a little long on you but it should fit okay. I wasn’t sure about the shoes but we can get some later,” she said as she examined Raven’s feet. “I know mine won’t fit you.”
Raven wiggled her toes and smiled for the first time that day. She’d had bare feet when they were running because she moved better without shoes. Now she wasn’t sure what had happened to her shoes. “I’ve always had big feet.”
Carla put up one of her feet. Her balance was impressive. “Me too! I hate being around little miss delicate feet here. She’s like an Amazon compared to me and she still makes me look like I have Sasquatch feet. Oh, by the way, that’s Shelby.”
“Don’t hate on my pretty feet,” Shelby said with a smile. “And I’m not that much taller than you.”
“But you look like some warrior princess,” Carla said.
Raven had to agree with that description. She really liked that about Shelby. Raven’s face sobered. She didn’t want to like these vampires, but they seemed really nice. Of course, that could just be an act.
Shelby put her hand on Raven’s arm. “I don’t blame you for being uneasy around us. This whole situation really sucks. The only good part of this was seeing Connor’s face when you made your offer.”
Carla nodded enthusiastically. “He looked like he was going to swallow his tongue.”
“I’m glad my predicament can provide so much amusement for you both,” Raven muttered.
“Sorry,” Shelby said without a hint of apology. “If you knew Connor the way we do, you’d be amused too. He’s always in control and has everything planned out far in advance. You totally threw him off balance today. Well, Ian and Simon helped. They were so not supposed to be there.”
“Based on his reaction to Ian and Simon in the other room, I get the impression that you throw him off balance in a lot of ways. That’s a good thing,” Carla added.
Raven had no idea how to respond to any of this. It was such a strange conversation. “How long have you known each other?” she asked.
“We basically grew up together,” Shelby said. “Same with Jack and Simon. So, it’s been about a hundred years. We didn’t meet Ian until we struck out on our own.”
That meant that they were about the same age as her. Raven wanted to ask how they had contracted the Moon virus but she felt like they were already being a little too personal.
“You may as well shower and change,” Carla said. “Jack will be a little while. He’s been late to everything since he met his wife.”
“Stop talking about me behind my back,” said an amused male voice.
Raven spun around and immediately took a defensive stance with her legs spread slightly. That actually made the owner of the voice laugh. “Calm down, nymph, I don’t bite.” Then he actually laughed more and showed a hint of fang when he smiled. “Okay, I do bite, but I promise I’m not going to. My wife seriously frowns on me biting other women.”
Raven’s head was spinning. These vampires weren’t acting at all like she expected them to. Why weren’t they growling and threatening to eat her?
“I brought food,” said the new vampire as he held up a plate. He had one of those faces that would have been big in the old teen movies. His lips were full and his cheek bones were high, but there was just a little roundness to his face that made him look boyish. Well, that and his smile. His hair was brown and his eyes were blue.
Raven eyed the plate suspiciously.
“It’s not poisoned,” he assured her.
“If we were planning to kill you, you’d already be dead,” Shelby said and Raven found Shelby’s blunt nature reassuring.
“Thank you,” Raven said as she took the plate. She looked around but there was no table. She supposed that vampires didn’t really need a table in the kitchen. She set the plate on the counter and started eating. It wasn’t anything fancy, just a turkey sandwich, but it was good. Truthfully, she wasn’t hungry, probably due to her nerves. The only reason she was eating was that she knew she needed to keep her strength up.
“Don’t mention it,” the male vampire said. “My name’s Jack. I’ll bring my wife by to meet you when things aren’t so tense around here. She was really excited to hear that Connor had brought back a wood nymph. Actually, she already had the sandwich made up for you when Shelby messaged me to tell me to bring food.”
On those strange words he walked out of the room.
She heard angry shouts from the other room and she cringed when she heard someone shout. “Just fuck the nymph and kill her. We can’t have rebel human sympathizers wandering around here.”
Shelby patted her shoulder.
“Don’t worry,” Carla said, “Connor won’t kill you.”
“It might be best if he did, kill me that is,” Raven said in a faint voice that she wasn’t sure either of the vampires heard. She suddenly found it impossible to finish her food. It wasn’t so much the fear of death that gripped her. She feared being imprisoned more. A quick death was far preferable to the slow lingering death that would come from being away from the woods too long. Of course, even that was preferable to the idea of being an unwilling blood donor to a vampire. She reminded herself that no matter how nice they seemed, they were still the undead creatures she had fought for decades. They were still the killers that had destroyed so many of the people she loved.
She quietly excused herself and asked for directions to the downstairs bathroom. Once in there, she showered and did her best to avoid coming back out. It might be cowardly, but she’d had just about as much reality as she could handle for one day.


Chapter Six
The meeting definitely took longer than Connor had planned, but he really wasn’t all that surprised. Simon had obviously encouraged some of the others to argue in favor of killing Raven. Connor couldn’t help but wonder if Simon would be making the same argument if Connor had offered to share her. Hah, there was no reason to wonder. Simon would jump at the chance. In some ways, Connor couldn’t blame him. Her blood was like nothing he’d ever tasted. Hours later, he was still feeling a little buzzed from it. He was annoyed at himself for feeling possessive after just one taste. Not that he would have passed her around anyway. He did have some morals.
What pissed him off the most about Simon’s arguments was the fact that he was pretty sure Simon wouldn’t kill Raven anyway. He’d known Simon most of his life. Si had no problem killing people he saw as a threat, but he was smart enough to know that Raven posed no threat with the collar on. Well, she could kill him and cut his arm off so she could leave with the collar still on. Simon would kill her without hesitation if she did that, but for now she hadn’t done anything that could be perceived as a threat. No, he was just trying to create problems for Connor and doing a damn good job of it.
Ian was another story altogether. He was angry and bitter. He hated humans and wouldn’t even feed from one. Connor was pretty sure Ian really did want to kill Raven. She wasn’t human, but Ian would see her loyalty to them as being just as bad.
Simon and Ian led the group that wanted Connor to step down as leader of their territory. Ian’s reasons were obvious. He’d lost his wife and daughter, both slaughtered by humans. He wanted the humans locked away from the vampires. He wanted to go out and destroy every remaining human settlement. It was all about revenge.
Those that followed Simon and Ian had their own reasons. Some of them had reasoning marred by events from their past. Some just had cruel streaks and didn’t like the fact that Connor imposed rules on how they could treat humans, especially slaves. Under the laws that governed them, they could keep human slaves for food. The laws were hazy when it came to how humans were supposed to be treated, leaving it up to the leaders of localities to impose their own standards. Connor had created stricter laws that made it nearly impossible to keep a human slave. In fact, there weren’t currently any slaves in his territory. They had plenty of willing donors. He knew that in some areas that wasn’t the case and people had to keep slaves to survive.
Connor still wasn’t sure why Simon had turned on him and sided with Ian, but it was becoming a bigger pain in the ass every day.
Shelby and Carla had taken the nymph upstairs as the meeting was breaking up. He’d done his best to avoid looking at her as they’d warned him not to leave that room because of the collar’s range. Another huge pain in his ass. Before heading upstairs, he decided it would be smart to grab a bag of blood from the kitchen so he extended the collar’s range further. Normally, he wouldn’t need to feed this soon, but he needed to be really full if he was going to resist the temptation of Raven’s blood. He poured the blood into a glass and drank it cold. Admittedly, it never tasted as good from a bag, but many of the human donors were squeamish about the fangs. There were some who donated on a personal level, but Connor tried to steer clear of them. They also tended to be the humans that wanted sex.
After draining the glass he made his way upstairs and found the nymph in his bedroom. She was sitting on the edge of the bed wringing her hands. She was clean, and her hair was braided. She was dressed in a baggy shirt and leggings. Her bare feet were tucked under her legs. She looked vulnerable and young. That realization made him feel like a total prick for being turned on by her.
With a curse, he grabbed a clean pair of boxers and headed into the bathroom to shower. It seemed like a smart idea to relieve some tension before going to bed; still the idea of his own hand wasn’t very appealing at the moment. Instead, he cleaned the sweat off of his body and then turned off the hot water. It would at least take the edge off of his arousal, or so he hoped.
When he was done he toweled off and slipped on the clean boxers. Normally, he slept naked but that would probably freak the nymph out.
She was still in the same position when he returned to the room.
“Did they convince you to kill me?” she asked. Her voice was calm.
He pulled his phone out of the pocket of his discarded pants and laid down on the bed. He crossed his legs at his ankles and watched as Raven scooted as far as she could to the opposite end of the bed. “Why would I kill such a lovely prize?” he asked even though he felt like an ass for saying it. He had to admit that he was still mad about the situation. He clicked an app on his phone and used it to turn the television on and select a movie. They were connected to the world through the internet now so he could watch any show he wanted, but he still preferred really old movies. “I’m not going to kill you, Raven,” he said softly. “Do you need to use the bathroom?”
She just stared at him as if he’d lost his mind.
“I’m tired,” he said.
“What does that have to do with my bodily functions?” she asked.
“I’m planning to tie you to the bed before I doze off,” he explained.
She jumped up from the bed and edged toward the door. Connor didn’t move a muscle. He just watched her. “Did you think that I was going to leave you free to plunge a stake through my heart while I slept?” he asked with a raised eyebrow.
She shook her head and then sighed. Her shoulders slumped and he wasn’t sure if the action reflected defeat or just her own weariness. “I guess I wouldn’t trust you if the situation was reversed.”
He let out a humorless laugh. “You don’t trust me and if the situation was reversed, you’d have killed me.”
She didn’t deny that fact. “I’m only alive because I’m a good food source.” She sat back down on the bed. “I don’t need to go to the bathroom.”
He nodded. “Are you going to sleep in that?”
She shrugged.
“Then lie down,” he said as he rummaged through one of his drawers for what he was looking for. When he finally found the silk scarves he looped them around her wrists and then secured them to the headboard. He knew it wouldn’t be the most comfortable way to sleep, but he really didn’t have any other options. Using the scarves instead of ropes made him feel a little less like a bastard. At least they wouldn’t cut into her delicate wrists. It also wasn’t the most secure method of tying her up, but he just couldn’t bring himself to do worse.
“Why do I have to share a bed with you?” she asked and sounded on the verge of tears.
“I only have one bed. I’ll look into getting a room set up for you tomorrow. I need a bed and good locks for the door and window. Once I have a bedroom that I can keep you locked in, I won’t have to tie you to the bed.” He wasn’t sure why he had the sudden desire to tease her. “That is unless you ask me to tie you to my bed.”
She gasped and that made him laugh.
“Relax and enjoy the movie,” he said as he pointed to the television. It was a weakness he’d carried over from his childhood; he couldn’t sleep without some noise in the room. If it was silent, he spent the entire time alert to every sound and worrying that someone was coming to hurt him. The irony was that he now had someone in his bed who probably did want to hurt him.
He found himself laughing at that thought.
“What’s so funny?” Raven demanded a little testily.
He shook his head. “Not so much funny as ironic. Sweet dreams, Raven. Hope they don’t all involve my death.”
“Don’t worry,” she said sweetly, “I’m sure some of them will just involve your castration.”
He couldn’t help it, he laughed even harder.


Chapter Seven
Raven arched against the hand between her legs in a desperate attempt to relieve the almost painful arousal building inside of her. She heard the rumbling growl beside her and felt the fingers press against her clit through the fabric of her clothing. She was dreaming, just like so many other times. Dreaming of the sweet release and hoping that she wouldn’t wake up until it came.
Hard lips crashed down onto her mouth and her eyes flew open as she stared up at her enemy. His eyes were wide as he kissed her, watching her reaction. All the while, his fingers continued to move deftly against her, and her traitorous body rocked against them. Her mouth opened wide for his tongue.
He pulled away from her slightly and rasped out, “Tell me to stop and I will.”
Her brain clicked on and tried to override her nymph sex drive. “I can’t do this,” she said desperately. “Please.” Even she wasn’t sure what she was begging for.
He moved back and took his hand away. She thrashed on the bed and moaned, unsure why she felt this feverish need for him. Yes, she was a nymph and yes she craved sex more than humans, but this was insane.
He quickly untied her hands as if sensing what she needed. She immediately reached between her own legs and brought herself to climax. His eyes were glazed over as he watched her hand move under her pants with rapt attention.
When the spasms finally subsided she took her hand out of her panties and gave him a nervous smile. This was probably one of the most embarrassing moments of her life. It’s not like she never had these types of sex moments. She was a wood nymph who had lived among humans. Naturally, this sort of thing had happened with other men, but they hadn’t been vampires. They hadn’t been people holding her captive. Yep, this talk was going to be one of the most awkward ones she’d ever had.
“Does this happen often?” he asked and she could hear the strain in his voice.
He was lying on his side next to her, absently rubbing her belly. She could feel his erection pressed against her thigh, and she wondered why he hadn’t taken advantage of the situation. It certainly wouldn’t be rape when she was like this.
She closed her eyes and nodded. “Yes,” she said. “I can control it better when I’m awake, but when I’m asleep it’s kind of overwhelming.” She refused to admit that it had actually been worse with him so close to her.
“Fuck!” he cursed. “Okay, so we really need to get you settled into your own room quickly. If this happens too many times I’ll be in you before I remember why it’s a bad idea. I don’t need to give you any more reasons to hate me.”
“I’m sorry,” she said softly. “I probably should have warned you.”
He was taken aback by her apology. “I’m the one who should be apologizing,” he said. “You having a sex dream doesn’t give me the right to climb on top of you.” He stood up and walked away from the bed to put some distance between them. It was crazy, but he was still feeling drawn to her body. The last thing he intended to do was treat her like a sex slave and that’s exactly what pawing at her while she was tied to his bed had been. “Christ, I’m sorry. I said I wouldn’t hurt you and I attacked you.”
“It’s not completely your fault,” Raven admitted as she sat and rubbed her arms. “Actually, it’s mostly my fault.”
He turned to her and shook his head. “Listen, I know that it may seem that way. It’s normal for victims to blame themselves. You’re trying to think about what you could have done differently.”
“Oh, so now you’re trying to psychoanalyze me?” she asked, sounding surprisingly amused.
“I just don’t like the idea of you blaming yourself for my actions.”
“I can release strong pheromones into the air when I’m aroused. It’s a nymph thing,” she admitted with no embarrassment. “We do it to draw partners to us when we want them. I’m sure you were half‑asleep yourself and the pheromones are a strong lure. I would bet that you’re still fighting them a little.”
A little? He was fighting hard to stay away from her. Damn, his body ached with need and his fangs ached with the desire to sink into her flesh.
“How often should I expect this kind of thing?” he asked. It was hard to resist the urge to climb back into bed with her. Part of him wondered if she would recoil now that she was fully awake. That thought acted like a cold shower. Meaning it didn’t really get rid of his arousal, but it made him uncomfortable enough that he could think straight.
“I can control it most of the time when I’m awake,” she explained. “I think it’s worse when I’m asleep because I have to work so hard to control it when I’m awake. It didn’t matter when I lived with other nymphs. I just had sex when I felt like it. Actually, I had a hard time adjusting to the human rules about sex. Don’t even get me started about the clothing thing.”
“You didn’t wear clothes before?” he asked and then tried hard to get that image out of his mind.
“It’s much easier to have spontaneous sex when everyone is naked. And now I’m babbling about sex and nudity.”
He nodded. “Alright, we are definitely getting you your own room today.” he said and then laughed at her shocked expression. “Why does that surprise you?”
She shrugged. “I basically told you that it wouldn’t have been your fault if you’d had sex with me this morning. You still seem to want to, yet you’re going to pass on a chance to take advantage of me tomorrow. I’m not complaining. I just didn’t expect that.”
“Ah, but now that I know all of this, it would be no better than rape if I slept in the same bed with you tonight just so I’d have an excuse to fuck you in the morning. In the end, you’d hate me more than you already do and you’d be right to feel that way.”
Her brow furrowed in thought. “I didn’t expect you to be so  . . .”
“Sexy?” he asked with a smile. “Completely irresistible? Impressively hung?”
Her cheeks flushed. “Don’t flatter yourself.”
“I get it,” he said. “You didn’t expect me to act almost human. I’m supposed to be a monster driven by his desires. I’m supposed to fuck you or drain you whenever the mood strikes me.” He couldn’t keep the anger from his voice.
“Well,” she said with an edge to her voice, “you keep telling me that you own me. You say you can do whatever you want.”
“Fine,” he said with a sigh, “I’ve been a dick. I’ll probably continue to be a dick. The situation isn’t exactly ideal for me either.”
“Yet you have a choice.”
“You had a choice too,” he said softly. “Now we both have to live with it.” Without another word he walked into the bathroom and stepped into the shower where he intended to take care of his arousal before he did something really stupid.


Chapter Eight
Raven was glad they hadn’t talked any more about the incident that morning. She was still mortified that she had practically begged a vampire to have sex with her. If he’d been human, it wouldn’t have bothered her so much. If he’d been human, she wouldn’t have asked him to stop. This sort of thing had happened more than once and it never bothered her. Of course, she’d never had a man ask her if he should stop before. Usually, the man was just as far gone as she was. She wondered if Connor’s restraint was a vampire thing.
Jack came by with breakfast for her, interrupting her self‑pity. Oh well, she’d have plenty of time for that later.
“Good morning!” he said with a friendly smile.
“Good morning, Jack” Raven said, unable to resist returning his smile.
Connor watched the exchange with a scowl on his face.
“You’re going to have to figure out how to keep Raven fed, Con,” Jack said. “My wife isn’t going to act as your personal chef.”
“Great,” Connor said as he pulled a bag of blood out of the refrigerator and emptied it into a glass. “One more thing I need to figure out.”
“You should have thought about all of this before you decided to get a wood nymph,” Jack teased. “I’m not sure you’re ready for this kind of responsibility.”
Raven giggled despite her efforts not to.
“You are just too funny, Jack,” Connor said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Is he always this irritable?” Raven asked Jack.
“Nah,” Jack said, “sometimes he’s asleep.”
“Speaking of sleep,” Connor said, “I need you to get some things arranged today. I need bars put on the window of the extra bedroom upstairs. I also need a lock for the outside of that door, a good one. Oh, and a nice bed with some soft girlie bed stuff.”
“Thank you,” Jack said with a triumphant smile.
“For?” Connor asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I bet Shelby that you’d move Raven into her own room as soon as possible. She was sure you’d want to keep her in your bed.”
“You were betting on where I’d sleep?” Raven asked. She felt more amused than annoyed.
“Yep,” Jack said. “Sorry if that was a little insensitive, but we’re all pretty excited to have you here.”
“You are?” Raven was surprised.
“Sure,” Jack said. “We’ve heard about wood nymphs, but you’re the first one we’ve met. Plus, you bring so much disorder to Con’s life, and we all love that.”
“Just go work on Raven’s room,” Connor said with an exasperated sigh.
“What size bed?” Jack asked. “Sheet color? Should the bars unlock in case of emergency?”
“Maybe I should send you a list,” Connor said as he pulled out his phone with what looked like a small pen and then started to make notes. “What colors do you like?” he asked as he looked up at Raven.
She hesitated because the question came as a surprise. “Why?”
“For your bedding,” he said.
She shrugged. “It doesn’t matter.”
He studied her for a moment and then started talking as he made more notes. “Your wife can pick the colors, Jack.”
The discussion about her room was interrupted when Shelby raced into the house.
“Ian brought in some captives,” she said with an edge of panic to her voice.
“Sonofabitch!” Connor cursed. “Where are they?” he asked impatiently.
“The backyard of his house,” Shelby said. “This time he has really outdone himself.”
Connor grasped Raven’s arm and lead her out the door. She really wanted to protest being manhandled, but his foul mood was enough to keep her mouth shut. They walked three blocks to another house that was similar to Connor’s but slightly larger. All of the houses on Ian’s block were larger. Ian’s house was on the corner so they walked around the side and entered the yard through the gate.
There was a cage on the ground with a woman and two children inside of it. The cage was so low to the ground that the woman had to sit hunched over uncomfortably. She was crying and holding her children as close as she could. Her blonde hair was matted with dirt and possibly blood. The children, a boy and girl, looked no older than five years. They were both in better shape than their mother but obviously frightened.
“Did you come to see my new toys?” asked the vampire that Raven knew to be Ian. His emerald green eyes were sparkling with challenge and merriment.
Raven started to open her mouth, but Shelby came up behind her and whispered in her ear. “Don’t interfere. If you fight Connor he’ll have to take action. Just stay out of it.”
“They seem a little young.” Connor said in an almost bored tone. “Not much you can get from them. Besides, you know the law only allows you to keep one human for blood and they need to be an adult.”
Ian flashed an evil grin. “Those are your rules. Don’t worry; I’m not going to feed on the kids. How could I have separated a mother from her children? Besides, you know mothers will do anything to protect their young,” he said, and Raven got the impression that statement was meant to anger Connor. “Isn’t that right?” he asked the woman in the cage. “You’ll do anything I ask to keep the brats safe?”
She nodded and continued to cry.
Raven saw the angelic looking blond vampire leaning against the fence. Simon, if she remembered right, spoke. “You know he isn’t breaking any laws, Connor. You may have rules here but they aren’t really the law.”
“Why are you here, Connor?” Ian sneered.
Raven ignored Shelby and approached Connor. “Please let them go,” she begged.
Connor looked more than a little annoyed when he turned toward her. “Playing the martyr again, little nymph?”
She dropped her head, but he caught her chin and forced her to look at him.
“What are you offering this time?” he asked. “You offered your freedom for your friends. What are you willing to give up for complete strangers?”
“Whatever you want,” she said softly.
Ian moved forward and eyed her with curiosity. “I’ll bargain with the sweet little nymph. I’d be willing to let them go for a taste. Just one little taste of the nymph and they can all go free.”
“That seems like a reasonable trade,” Simon said with no emotion.
Connor glared at Simon. “I don’t need his agreement if I want them released, and I am certainly not sharing my prize. Regardless of the laws, I’m in charge here and I decide if captives are released.”
Raven tried to take a step back to give herself some space, but Connor caught the collar around her neck. “This is inconvenient, but I can’t let an offer like this slip through my fingers, can I? Do you really intend to pay any price I ask for their freedom?”
Raven nodded. She tried to look meek, but she was sure it came across as defiant. She’d never been very good at meek.
“I want you to enter into a blood bond with me,” Connor said after some thought.
There was a gasp. If it made the vampires gasp, it couldn’t be good. She’d said anything, but she wasn’t dumb enough to just agree. She knew that she was going to end up agreeing, but she wanted more details first.
“What’s that?” she asked hesitantly.
“I’ll take some of your blood and then you’ll take some of mine. Since you’re a nymph you’re immune to the Moon virus,” he explained. “It’s all pretty simple.”
“It sounds simple, but what will it do to me?” she asked.
“Clever nymph,” he said with a nod of appreciation. “It’ll allow me to find you anywhere. You’ll never be able to go back to your old life or you’ll lead us straight to the human settlement. You’ll never be able to leave me. The good news is that we can remove this collar after that. Oh, and you’ll no longer be capable of killing me so I won’t need the lock on your bedroom door or the bars on the window. In some ways it’ll give you more freedom.”
“Will you still be able to kill me?” she asked, amazed that she sounded more curious than disgusted by the whole thing.
He gave her a smile that showed a hint of fang. “Why would I ever want to kill you?”
“I didn’t ask if you’d want to,” she said and met his gaze. “I asked if you could kill me.”
He shrugged. “That’s never been tested, but I assume it works both ways. Then again, I have plenty of people here who want you dead, so I probably wouldn’t have to do it myself anyway.”
Raven looked at the family in the cage and nodded. She knew she was essentially ending her life, but she had no choice. She fought against the tears that wanted to spill from her eyes.
“You can’t do that!” Ian shouted.
“Actually,” Connor said without taking his eyes off of Raven, “I can. You know that you would do anything to keep the nymph too.”
“He’s right,” Simon said. “None of us would let her go.”
Raven held out her wrist nervously, but Connor shook his head.
“Oh no, little nymph. A blood bond should be much more personal.” He spun her so that her back was pressed against his chest and then he leaned down to her neck. She tried to pull away. “Too late to change your mind. I can make this pleasant for you. It doesn’t have to hurt like it did last time. I can make it the most arousing experience of your life.”
“I prefer the pain,” Raven shot back angrily.
Shelby laughed but then coughed as if she were trying to cover up her amusement.
Connor removed the collar and growled against her neck. “You’re going to have to learn to be more obedient, at least in public.” His fangs sank into her neck before she could respond.
It didn’t hurt. In fact, her body was suddenly on fire. She squeezed her legs together to try to relieve the pressure. Despite her best efforts she found herself thrashing against his chest and moaning.
When he pulled his fangs out she heard herself cry out and beg him to put them back in. “Hush,” he said as he pressed his own bloody wrist to her mouth. She was so far gone that she actually sucked greedily at the wound. Her lust seemed to double. Mindless of the audience, she put her hand between her legs to try to relieve the ache.
Connor pulled his wrist back and held her writhing body against his chest.
“Shelby, take the humans away from here. Deposit them someplace safe,” Connor said before he lifted Raven from the ground and carried her into Ian’s house.
“Why did you do this to me?” she moaned.
He didn’t answer her question, merely carried her up the stairs. The house was sparsely furnished. Most of the living room was taken up with photographs, but Raven couldn’t focus on them. Her lust was making it hard to think.
He set her on the bed in one of the rooms and ran his hands through his hair.
Raven thrashed around. Her clothing was making her over‑sensitized flesh almost painful. “Please,” she begged.
“Something’s wrong,” Connor muttered as he stared at her. “It shouldn’t have lasted this long.”
Raven climbed up onto her knees and pulled Connor toward her. “I need you now!”
He tried to pry her hands off of his shirt, but she held tight. “Not gonna happen. Right now you’re asking for it, but later you’ll be disgusted that you touched me.”
“Please, Connor, it hurts.” On those words her body started to spasm and she collapsed back onto the bed. She trembled with need. In that moment, it didn’t matter that he was a vampire. It didn’t matter that she was a prisoner. All that mattered was that he was a man who could relieve the terrible ache.
Connor walked over and locked the bedroom door before quickly stripping off her leggings and panties. Then he came to the bed and lifted her legs over his shoulders. She moaned loudly when his mouth covered her aching flesh. He slid two fingers into her and groaned. Then she felt his tongue moving against her as his fingers expertly worked at her core. It wasn’t long before spasms tore through her body. When she relaxed into the bed with a sigh, he removed his fingers from her and licked them clean.
She groaned as she watched him. No matter how much she hated Connor, her body responded to him. In fact, at least one part of her anatomy seemed to have a major thing for grumpy vampires. Too bad he didn’t want to have sex with someone who hated him. She knew for a fact that he wanted her, but he refused to give in anyway. She wouldn’t stop him, but maybe he was right about her using it against him later. Maybe she would hate him more if he gave in. She just didn’t know. The undead thing creeped her out and she was a little disturbed by what they’d done so far.
Then a thought occurred to her. “When you were behind me,” she said. “I felt your heart beating.”
“Only turned vamps are undead,” he said as if it were common knowledge. He set her leggings and panties on the bed beside her and turned around to give her privacy to dress.
“What other way is there to become a vampire?” she asked in confusion. She still hadn’t made any move to put on her pants, but she wasn’t exactly the modest type. She supposed since he had turned around expecting her to dress that she should.
“Vampires are either turned or born,” he said. “There is some variation in the ones that are turned too but the ones who aren’t undead are called born vampires anyway.”
“Born?” she practically screeched. “Wait! Are you trying to tell me that the children I saw on the streets are vampires?”
He shrugged. “Some of them are. Hurry up and put your clothes back on. We need to leave. Ian is probably pretty pissed off about us using his bed.”
“Are you really going to let the family go?” she asked.
He turned around and he suddenly looked angry. “Yes, I’m going to let them go. Shelby has probably already taken them out of the settlement. Had you waited, you would have seen that I was going to let them go. Next time, maybe you should give me a chance to do the right thing before you martyr yourself, because you’re running out of things to bargain with. You still have a few things I’d love to have you offer me, but at the rate you’re going, you’ll trade them all to me in the less than twenty‑four hours.”
He stormed out of the room without waiting for her to follow. With a sigh of frustration, she followed him back out into the yard and found a very angry Ian scowling at them.
“In my bed?” Ian practically snapped out the question.
Simon laughed. “Based on the sounds, I’d say yes. You do remember that Ian keeps all of the windows open, don’t you Con?”
Connor seemed embarrassed. He turned toward Raven and opened his mouth to speak but quickly closed it and looked away. “You’re right; that was a pretty fucked up thing to do. I’ll get you a new comforter, Ian. I fucked up with the blood bond and I had to fix it.”
Raven was shocked that Connor was admitting to a mistake in front of Ian and Simon. She was sure they weren’t big supporters of Connor’s and he was giving them a weapon to use against him by admitting to such a huge error in judgment.
After seeing what Ian was willing to do to humans, Raven was sure she didn’t want him in charge so she decided to help Connor out. “You couldn’t have possibly known how it would work with a nymph.”
They all turned to stare at her. It was a little unnerving, but she continued anyway. “I mean, I’m sure this doesn’t happen with humans but nymphs are very sexual. It takes very little to arouse us and it can be a little overwhelming.” Now she felt like a babbling idiot.
“Well,” Ian said, still sounding annoyed. “Now we do know how it works with a nymph and I think we can all agree that it should be done in your own home. The idea of your bodily fluids on my bed makes me want to burn down the entire house, Connor,” Ian shuddered for emphasis.
“Would it help if I told you they were only her fluids?” Connor asked with a smile and Raven was mortified to realize that she was blushing.


Chapter Nine
Graham was pleased with the results of his research. Okay, so he’d just come up with the idea and others had done the actual research, but he’d learned long ago that it was better to delegate menial tasks. Despite his lower status now, he still considered himself one of the elite and if things continued to move forward, he would destroy those who were keeping him from his rightful place. Well, he’d have them destroyed. Again, it was better to delegate menial tasks. It’s not that he had a problem killing. Actually, he really enjoyed it under most circumstances. It’s just that he enjoyed getting others to do things for him more. Especially, when he got to watch them do it. He shifted a little in his seat to accommodate his erection. No wonder public executions were so big in some places. Watching someone being killed was a major turn on. Maybe he should start having them here.
He stared at his own reflection as his arm was swabbed. Man he hated needles but it was a necessary evil. His own image in the mirror made him smile. While he might hate the fact that his pale blond hair had thinned early in life, he knew he was still an impressive looking man. With fair skin and aristocratic features he looked good. He’d prefer it if his lips weren’t quite so thin, but that was just one flaw in his perfection. He had never been one of the giant muscle‑bound men. No, he’d inherited a slight build from his mother and stood at a mere five feet eight inches. He could easily bulk up with some time in the gym, but it seemed like a waste of time. He was a leader and he had others to handle anything that required muscle.
After the gauze pad was taped to his arm he stood and looked around the room. Ten newly turned vampires stood against the wall. Unlike the previous generation, they weren’t crazed. As they all stared off in obvious confusion, he could see the memories of their human lives fading. That was one side effect of the Moon virus that Graham really liked. This was the part that made it easier to convince them to kill with no remorse. They would kill their own mother without blinking. Graham had tested that theory more than once just for fun. It was amusing to watch the last moments of a woman’s life as she struggled with a sense of fear and betrayal. Controlling the turned vampires had been difficult, but they’d found a solution.
“What exactly is so important that I needed to drop everything and rush over to the lab? You could have given me my injection in my room,” he said irritably as he glared at the female in charge of research.
Bethany St. James had been part of the original research team that handled the human testing of the Moon virus. He really hated the bitch. She always acted like she was superior to him. She thought of this as her project. She thought she was smarter than him. Stupid bitch was going to be sorry when she learned how unimportant she really was. The research was almost done so it wouldn’t be long until she was expendable.
“We need more nymph blood,” she said with a condescending sneer on her face. She would have been attractive if she knew her place. She had blonde hair, cornflower blue eyes, full pouty lips, and a body that should not go along with that brain. No one would ever guess that she was well over a hundred years old. Pity she was a bitch.
He raised an arrogant eyebrow. “Why would we need nymph blood?”
“We use it to control the turned vampires,” she said in an exasperated tone. “It’s not just a matter of mutating the virus. Once they’re turned, we give them blood that has traces of altered nymph blood in it. This creates an addiction that they will do anything to feed. We need small amounts of it daily.”
“We should have sufficient amounts of nymph blood,” he assured her. They’d been collecting and storing it for years. He had no idea they’d used it for anything. Of course, they didn’t have access to a nymph at the moment and that could create problems. Nymphs weren’t exactly lining up to donate their blood and they were hard to come by. He still couldn’t figure out how just a small amount of nymph blood each day could have depleted their supply.
A nervous looking man, whose name Graham couldn’t remember, stepped forward. God, the man was sweating like a pig! Graham hoped he didn’t get too close.
“We still have quite a bit, but we didn’t stock up on enough to last for more than a few months,” the man explained. “It’s essential that we have it to keep the vampires under control. It’s also used in your treatments.”
Now, that was an annoying surprise. Without his monthly treatments, he would start to age. Well, at least it was a problem they could solve.
“We’ll transport some teams of new vampires out to the wooded areas to hunt for more nymphs. I’m going to send guards to make sure they remain under control. We don’t have enough gasoline left to transport them far and I can’t afford to have too many of them wandering around near our own settlement.”
“What was once Las Trampas Regional Wilderness would probably be a good place to start,” the annoying bitch suggested. “It’s not too far and pretty secluded. Seems like a place the wood nymphs would come out.”
He wanted to slap her, but instead he gave her a smile. “Excellent idea, Bethany! I’m not sure what we would do without you.”
She actually blushed at his praise.
Interesting, he thought to himself.
“Thank you, Graham,” she stammered out nervously.
“How much more research will you need to do on the new strain of the Moon virus?” he asked as he moved closer to her.
“Oh, it’s done,” she said with pride. “I’ve perfected the virus. It can even bypass the vaccine. That’s why I’ve created a new vaccine that we can give to certain people.”
“Excellent,” he purred as he took her hand in his. “We should celebrate, don’t you agree?” he asked as he gestured to the door.
She blushed again and nodded. Then she turned back to the nervous looking man. “You’re in charge while I’m gone, Craig.”
“Yes,” Graham said to the nervous man, “you’re in charge of the lab now, Craig.”
* * * *
An hour later, Graham climaxed as he finished choking the life out of the arrogant bitch. Ah, some things really were better when you did them yourself. After putting his clothes back into place, he stared down at her lifeless body, thankful that he’d taken her back to her room. It was so much easier to get it cleaned up that way. Her eyes were still wide and the look of terror hadn’t left her face even in death.
Yes, things were going very well.


Chapter Ten
Connor managed to avoid Raven most of the five days she’d been living in his home. Shelby and Carla visited her a lot and she actually seemed to like them. She smiled openly when they were there. She even offered a smile or two to Jack. Connor didn’t get any smiles. She still looked like she hated him most of the time. Not that he could blame her, but it made things really uncomfortable.
The only time she seemed at ease with him was when they watched old movies together. Stories about human life before the pandemic fascinated her. Ironically, those were the movies that he preferred to watch too. It was crazy, but he liked to try to picture what his life would be like had the pandemic never happened. Of course, that would mean that he’d either be dead or really old by now. Still, he’d have lived a much different life and the movies gave him a glimpse into what might have been. Even the old cartoons made him think about the shows he would have watched as a child if he’d been born human. There was no television in his childhood. He’d been nearly eighty years old when he’d seen his first movie.
When Raven walked into the room and noticed that he was getting ready to watch a movie, she sat down next to him on the sofa without hesitation. The more time he spent with her, the less she seemed like a human. Even though he’d gotten her shoes, she rarely wore them. Actually, she seemed annoyed when he reminded her to put them on. She often forgot about personal space rules. Even now, she had her feet draped over the arm of the sofa and her head on his lap. He knew for a fact she wasn’t doing it because of some affection she felt toward him. She just didn’t have any real hang‑ups about touching. If he was honest with himself, he really liked that about her.
They were watching a romantic comedy, and he had a hard time not laughing at the exasperated sounds she was making or the way she mumbled about the behavior of the main characters.
“I just don’t understand why humans have so many issues with sex,” she said absently. “It only makes them unhappy. Are vampires the same?”
She looked up at him with questioning eyes.
“I guess it depends on the vampire,” he said with a shrug. “Some were human to begin with so they still have those hang ups. They can’t let go of them anymore than they can let go of their cravings for solid food. Most of us that were alive in the beginning were used as whores so we don’t have a lot of romantic notions about sex.”
“What do you mean?” she asked as she sat up and looked at him.
“I thought this was common knowledge,” he said.
She shook her head. “People paid you for sex?”
He let out a humorless laugh. “I wouldn’t exactly put it that way. We were forced to live on reservations. The people who ran them sold our bodies to people willing to donate blood.” He really didn’t want to reveal too much about his past. Time to change the subject. “Do you miss living in the woods?”
“Yes,” she said without hesitation. “That world made sense to me. It took me a long time to get used to wearing clothes and I still hate it.”
He laughed. “You just ran around naked all day long? Didn’t you get cold?”
The look she gave him suggested that his question was really stupid. “I’m a wood nymph. I’m part of nature. I could sleep naked in the snow and still be warm.”
The thought of being naked in the snow made his balls shrivel. “Why were you living with humans?” he asked.
“I went to live with my father after my mother was killed,” she said and started to retreat from him. Her head was no longer on his lap so she moved as far from him as the sofa would allow. The quiet intimacy of the moment was coming to an end and he hated to admit that he missed it already.
“Is your father still alive?” Conner asked
She shook her head, and for a moment she seemed to withdraw even further from him. He watched as she struggled with her answer. Her eyes were on the television but she was obviously no longer watching it. Finally, she let out a sigh and settled back onto the sofa.
“My father died of a human illness about fifty years ago. He lived longer than most humans in the settlements do. I’ve lived with humans for most of my life. There’s a part of me that wants to go back to the woods. After my father died, I would go out there every day and spend hours trying to decide what to do. In the end, I decided that I owe it to the humans to help them. They took me in and most of them accepted me. I’ve fought beside them. I’m not sure I could go back to my life in the woods. I never really fit in there anyway. Well, I guess I didn’t totally fit in with the humans either, but at least they needed me.”
She stood up and looked toward the yard. “I’m going outside for a while,” she said and gave him a false smile.
He could see the unshed tears in her eyes and there was a big part of him that wanted to offer her some sort of comfort. In the end, he just nodded.
He watched as she walked into his kitchen and then heard the sliding glass door open as she headed into the yard.
Feeling like a voyeur, he walked upstairs and watched her from the window in his room. It amazed him how easily she could climb up his oak tree. Her lithe body lay draped across a branch. Her face was turned away from his, but he knew by the movement of her shoulders that she was crying.
Damn! It’s not that he wasn’t used to weepy women. His mother was known to go through long periods of depression. His friend, Norah, was overly emotional. The difference was that he wasn’t usually part of the problem. Raven was strong though. She was already adjusting. It would just take time. The situation sucked, but maybe they would become friends. It could happen. She liked watching television with him and she’d opened up about her past. It was a start.


Chapter Eleven
Raven was sitting on the sofa closest to the window looking more despondent than ever. In the last few days, Connor had watched her weaken each day. He supposed it was depression over her situation. Gone was her lively nature. Smiling for Shelby and Carla on their visits seemed to take great effort. He’d asked her if she wanted to meet Jack’s wife so she’d have someone else to talk to and she’d told him it didn’t matter. Short of letting her go, he just didn’t know what to do. It was almost like she was sick.
He walked up behind her, making extra noise so she wouldn’t be startled. “Jack’s bringing his wife over to meet you today,” he said.
She turned toward him and nodded.
He sat beside her on the sofa. For some it might seem too intimate, but he knew Raven wouldn’t be offended and as always he just wanted to be close to her. That was the biggest reason he avoided her so often.
She leaned toward him just like she always did.
The doorbell rang. “That’ll be Jack and Muriel.” He rose to answer the door but stopped when he saw her flinch. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” she said. “I had a friend named Muriel who was killed by vampires. Well, she disappeared and we believe she was killed by vampires. It’s been nearly two years so I should be over it.”
“I’m sensing a pattern in your life. No wonder you hate vampires so much.” He gave her shoulder an awkward pat. “Should I send them away?”
She opened her mouth to say yes, but then she closed it and shook her head. “No, she’s been very nice about making food for me. I don’t want to be rude.”
She turned back to the window, staring at the oak tree longingly as Connor answered the door.
“Raven!” screeched a familiar voice. “It really is you. I was sure that it was when Jack told me the story of your accidental capture, but they wouldn’t let me come until now.”
“Muriel?” Raven said in a ragged whisper. She stood on shaky legs, looking completely lost. “You’re alive? And you’re pregnant?”
Muriel nodded happily and waddled into the room. Waddled was the best way to describe her movements. Her pregnant belly was so swollen that Connor was sure she couldn’t move any other way. “Are you okay? Connor isn’t being too grumpy is he?”
“I thought you were dead,” Raven said in an accusing voice. “We all thought you were dead. Wait, were you captured?”
Muriel flushed and shook her head. “Not exactly,” she admitted. “I met Jack when I was out gathering herbs. I just kind of assumed that he was from the Oakland Army Base settlement and he’d wandered farther away than they normally do. I kept meeting with him, and when I learned the truth, I knew there was no way I could tell anyone that I was in love with a vampire. I tried to end it. I told myself that I wasn’t going to meet him again. I told myself that I was just going to have you gather herbs for a few months so he would give up on seeing me, but I just couldn’t do it. I’m sorry that I made you worry, but I just couldn’t live without him.”
Jack smiled at Muriel with so much affection that Raven was awed. He wrapped his arms around Muriel from behind and placed them lovingly over her belly. “Don’t blame Muriel,” he said. “I would have abducted her if she hadn’t agreed to run off with me. I had no intention of letting her go. I’m glad she agreed because Connor wouldn’t have reacted well to me kidnapping a human.”
Raven shook her head which was a bad idea in her weakened state because it made her dizzy. “I grieved for you. I was sure that vampires had killed you.”
“I’m sorry, Raven,” Muriel said softly. “I would have told you, but you had so much hatred for all things vampire and I knew you wouldn’t understand.”
Raven wanted to argue, but it was true and she knew it. “I’m glad you’re safe, but I don’t know how I feel about you being here,” she said weakly. When she started to turn away she nearly collapsed.
Connor caught her and settled her onto the sofa as a concerned Muriel rushed forward. “Are you okay, Raven?”
Raven nodded even though she was sure they could all tell it was a lie.
“Have you been getting out?” Muriel asked.
Raven shook her head.
Muriel glared at Connor and poked him in the chest. “You haven’t taken her out?” she asked. No, it was more like she demanded an answer.
“Where should I take her?” he asked in obvious confusion.
“Outside, you moron,” Muriel responded with her hands on her hips.
“Muriel,” Raven said as she struggled to stand up again, “it doesn’t matter.”
“What doesn’t matter?” Connor asked. “She goes out in the yard all of the time.”
“She’s a wood nymph,” Muriel said with exasperation.
“And?” Connor asked.
“She needs sex and the woods to survive,” Jack explained when Muriel looked like she was going to smack Connor. “I kind of assumed you knew that. She can probably take care of the sex part on her own but she needs the contact with nature.”
He walked slowly across the room and Raven heard him muttering to himself. Finally, he turned toward her. “And you didn’t think to mention this to me?” he asked Raven with a calm that he obviously didn’t feel.
“Does it matter?” she practically snapped.
He stalked toward her. “So are you trying to commit suicide?” he asked as he leaned over her. She was annoyed that he was trying to use his size to intimidate her.
She shook her head. “No.” Then she amended. “Maybe.”
Connor tossed her over his shoulder and started walking up the stairs. “We’ll be back,” he said to Muriel and Jack.
She heard Jack say, “Let them go.”
Raven was embarrassed and that embarrassment manifested itself as rage. She slammed her fists against Connor’s back and started cursing at him.
“Good,” he said, and she heard the smile in his voice. “It’s nice to hear you finally acting like you’re still alive.”
“Fuck you!” she spat out and she was even angrier when he started laughing at her.
“Be careful what you offer me, little nymph,” he said with amusement. “I just might take you up on that today. My self‑control is hanging by a thread at the moment.”
He tossed her down onto the bed in his room and then closed the door. He leaned against the door frame with his arms crossed in front of his chest and scowled at her. When Raven started to move off of the bed he shook his head slowly. “Don’t even think about moving. Trust me on this one, Raven; you don’t want me to manhandle you right now. I wasn’t joking when I said my self‑control isn’t at its best when I’m this pissed off.”
Raven froze. She’d been lucky that he hadn’t bitten her since the blood bond. Was he threatening her with that now? She crossed her arms in front of her chest and scowled at him. It was humiliating to be treated like this in front of anyone, but most of all Muriel. She was a respected leader! Well, now she was . . . . nothing. Her face fell.
“What is it, Raven?” he asked with more frustration than anger. “I get that this isn’t ideal, but you have to understand that I don’t have a choice.”
She let out a sigh. “I do understand that,” she reluctantly admitted.
“I haven’t been cruel to you,” he continued. “I don’t use you for blood. I haven’t forced you into my bed.”
She snorted. “That’s obviously because you don’t want me in your bed.” Her cheeks heated when she said that. It was a little embarrassing to hear those words said out loud. She sounded hurt over his lack of interest when she should be grateful. It certainly made it easier to avoid doing anything that she’d feel guilty about.
He looked momentarily startled, but he quickly recovered. “You’re right,” he said with a nod. “I don’t like unwilling women in my bed.”
“I was willing enough twice,” she said. Dear Goddess, who was this woman talking? Surely that couldn’t be her saying these things. She sounded like she was asking him to have sex with her. What next? Was she suddenly going to strip out of her clothes and dance for him? She didn’t want to like him or any of the vampires. Unfortunately, it was too late for that. She already liked some of them and she couldn’t deny the fact that she wanted Connor.
He pushed off of the doorframe and swaggered to the foot of the bed. “Are you inviting me into your body?” he asked in a rough voice.
She shook her head quickly.
“I didn’t think so,” he said and she could have sworn he sounded disappointed. He turned his back to her and spoke in a voice that was far too calm. “We are going back downstairs so you can visit with Muriel for a very short time. Then we’re going hiking. If you really want to be the great martyr and kill yourself to avoid living with dirty vampires, then let me know now and I can give you to someone who won’t be quite as nice as I’ve been.”
“Do you have to be such a bastard?” she snapped.
He gave her a warm smile. “If that’s what it takes to make you fight, then yes I do. I’m not going to stand by and watch you kill yourself. That’s a coward’s way out and you are not a coward.”
With that he stormed out of the room, not waiting for Raven to answer. She scowled at his retreating back, feeling her temper rise. What right did he have to pretend to care about her well‑being? Stupid vampire probably only cared because he thought it might make him look weak with his people if she died. Why did she keep doubting that?
She wasn’t even sure she wanted to talk to Muriel right now. Muriel had been four when Raven had first met her. She’d been somewhat different from the other humans, more in touch with nature. She’d admitted to Raven that somewhere in her past she had an ancestor who was considered a witch and a healer. Raven had felt bad for the little girl who embarrassed her family with her strange behavior. She’d taught Muriel to find the herbs for healing, and taught her to defend herself. They’d been like sisters and Muriel’s disappearance had nearly killed her in some ways. Now, she knew that Muriel was alive and happy. How was she supposed to feel about all of this?
There was a tentative tap on the door before it opened a crack and Jack stuck his head in. “Can we talk?”
Raven nodded but turned away from him.
“I know you’re probably mad about Muriel and I should have told you earlier,” he said.
“So, you knew all along?” Raven asked.
“Yeah,” he admitted, “I knew in the woods. I was actually kind of glad that Connor took you because I knew how much Muriel missed you.”
She turned to glare at him. “You were glad he took me as a prisoner? You were glad he was going to hold me here against my will?”
Jack gave her his boyish smile, but it looked almost feral this time. “There is no one in this world who matters more to me than Muriel. I like you, and I feel bad that I only thought of you as a tool to achieve my wife’s happiness.”
When she gave him a skeptical look, Jack held up his hands. “Okay, I don’t really feel bad. No matter how much I like you, I’ll do anything to make Muriel happy.”
“So, you like me but you’re still happy that I’m a prisoner here,” she finished for him.
“Yep,” he said with a nod. “Muriel may think I was joking when I said that I would have abducted her but I wasn’t.”
Raven saw Jack in a different light. He always seemed so carefree and sweet‑natured, but she suddenly realized that beneath that he was ruthless. No, she didn’t think he would hurt Muriel, but she suspected he would kill anyone who tried to hurt Muriel and it wouldn’t be a quick death.
That thought brought her first smile of the day. “Muriel felt like she didn’t belong most of the time,” she said. “We were close and she got along with some of my team, but she felt different. I’m still angry that she lied to me, but I suppose she didn’t have much choice. I probably would have killed you.”
Jack laughed. “I’d like to say that you would’ve tried in some cocky way that insinuates that I would have won that fight, but I’m not a fool. You’re a lot stronger than people give you credit for, nymph.”
“Fat lot of good it does me here,” she grumbled.
“You know, it doesn’t have to be the end of the world for you,” Jack said. “You’ve got Muriel, and I know for a fact that you get along great with Shelby and Carla. We aren’t all monsters here. Connor can be moody, but you seem to get along okay most of the time.”
She nodded. “I know you’re not monsters. It was hard for me to accept, but I know that now.”
“I really want to tell you that Connor would let you go if he could but I’d be lying,” Jack said. “At first, that was true, but things have definitely changed.”
“I don’t understand,” Raven said in genuine confusion.
“You will,” Jack said cryptically. “Give Connor a break, Raven. He’s a good guy. I’ve known him almost my entire life. In fact, I can’t remember a time when I didn’t know him. He’s loyal and he takes his responsibilities very seriously. Right now, he’s being pulled in a lot of different directions. There’s a lot of tension and his power is threatened.”
“Yes,” she said bitterly, “he’s mentioned the threat to his power.”
“What he hasn’t mentioned is that he’s the only thing standing in the way of people hunting down the humans you protect and enslaving them. Those of us who were around in the beginning have good reason to hate humans. Many of us have moved past that and realize that not all humans are bad. We’d rather just let them live in peace. Believe it or not, if you’d asked for that medicine Connor would have traded it to you. He does a lot to protect the humans here. Ian, Simon, and their followers aren’t so concerned with humans. They’d just as soon lock them up and use them for blood. They would raid your communities and destroy those who weren’t useful. Connor is trying hard to prevent that. Do you understand?”
Raven nodded, trying to take in all that he’d just revealed. It made her wonder if she was totally wrong about Connor. She’d spent some companionable moments with him. He tried hard to make her comfortable and didn’t put any demands on her at all.
“Let’s go see Muriel before Connor storms upstairs to find out why I’ve been in his bedroom with you so long,” Jack said as he opened the door.
Raven wasn’t sure how she would react to Muriel until she saw her friend wringing her hands nervously downstairs. When Muriel saw her, she immediately burst into tears.
“I’m so sorry Raven!” she wailed. “I just couldn’t live without him and I knew you’d all find him eventually and kill him.”
Raven wrapped her friend in her arms. “I’m sorry that I reacted so badly when you got here. I was surprised and I’m just not myself. I won’t lie, I’m still a little mad, but I’m mostly just happy you’re alive.”


Chapter Twelve
Raven’s visit with Muriel was nice. It was strained at first because Raven couldn’t help but feel betrayed by the fact that Muriel was siding with the vampires. Of course, Raven could admit that they weren’t all bad. She liked Jack, and she supposed that she could see why Muriel loved him. More importantly, she could see that Jack loved Muriel. Jack’s devotion to Muriel was one of the reasons Raven was determined to accept their relationship and forgive Muriel. Well, that and the fact that it was comforting to have someone from her past to talk to.
“Where are we going? There are plenty of wooded areas close to your home,” Raven pointed out. They’d been in Connor’s jeep for nearly an hour and he hadn’t spoken a single word to her. Actually, he hadn’t spoken a single word to her since he’d left his bedroom. The man was seriously pissed off. Funny how that didn’t scare her like it would have a week ago. Even his threat to hand her over to another vampire hadn’t bothered her because she knew he wouldn’t do it. It was obvious that once he decided to take care of someone, they were getting taken care of whether they liked it or not.
“We’re going to a place called Las Trampas Regional Wilderness,” he said irritably. “We’ll be there soon.”
It was strange to watch the remnants of the human world as they drove along the old highway. The road was cracked and uneven now. Bushes and trees lined the sides but she could still see some of the cities they passed. In some areas the buildings looked well cared for. In others, she saw houses literally crumbling to the ground. They had to drive through one of the old cities. All that lined the broken streets were burned out husks now. At some point, there must have been a massive fire.
“I wonder what happened here,” she said mostly to herself.
“A lot of the human settlements were burned to the ground to drive out turned vampires and no one ever rebuilt,” he explained when he saw her staring at the remains of the city. “There just aren’t enough people left to justify rebuilding in most places. As I’m sure you’ve already guessed, it’s also safer for people to stay close together.”
“Who burned it down?” she asked.
He shrugged. “Most likely humans, but it might have been born vampires. It happened when things were still crazy, so it’s hard to say. Burning down cities is more of a human thing, but born vampires have been known to burn out turned vampires too. I’ve always discouraged it because it’s risky and it destroys valuable resources. Of course, I wasn’t in charge of this area back then. No one was. It was before Fangri‑La.”
“Fangri‑La?” she asked. “What is Fangri‑La?”
He laughed. “Yeah, I know it’s a silly name, but it’s for the tourists,” he explained. “The city that humans used to call Las Vegas is where our main government is. After we opened trade, Fangri‑La was opened for tourism. It’s the only city that I’m aware of where people from other countries are allowed to visit. They have strict safety rules and people are screened at the airport. Everyone has to show proof of being vaccinated and on birth control.”
“Why do people go there?” she asked.
“Some people want to hang out with real vampires. It’s a very unusual place.” He spared her a quick glance before returning his eyes to the road. “I’ll take you with me the next time I have to go. I’m not a big fan of the place, but it is fun to see the first time.”
“Do I have a choice?” she asked.
He sighed. “Probably not. I’m sure they’ve already heard about you, so I’ll be expected to bring you with me.”
She nodded and continued to stare at the haunting reminders of life before the Moon virus. Of course, she hadn’t lived among humans then, but she’d seen the old photos and talked to people who were alive back then. Now they were all gone and the only living humans had never seen a world without vampires.
They turned into a canyon and Raven was thankful that they were in an off‑road vehicle. It was a little nerve‑wracking to ride over the torn up old roads under any circumstances. When they were narrow and completely washed away in sections, it was downright terrifying. She thought she saw activity at some of the ranches that lined the road and wondered who would want to live out here with so little security.
“Why are we traveling so far?” She was really tired of sitting in the jeep.
“I didn’t want to risk running into any of your human friends close to the settlement. This place is an old wilderness area and it’s considered a safe area,” he explained. “We should be there in a few minutes.”
“Safe area?” she asked.
“We cleaned out most of the turned vamps and humans have stayed away from this area for about fifty years. Well, there are still humans that live in the ranches, but they just want to be left alone.”
She nodded. There were old signs announcing the entrance to the park. It was hard to read the words on them now. The green paint was chipped and faded. Bushes concealed them some. A kiosk was practically falling over. The parking lot was overrun with dried grass and wild flowers. A redwood sapling sat in the middle of it all. Obviously, the vampires didn’t feel the need to maintain the old parks.
“Why bother cleaning out the turned vampires? It doesn’t seem like the park gets much use.”
“Turned vampires are dangerous and if we don’t work hard to destroy them, they increase their numbers quickly by infecting humans. You’d think that with so few humans left that they’d have a hard time finding any to infect, but that doesn’t seem to be the case. Well, I guess they’re just looking for blood and they get sloppy,” he explained as he climbed out of the jeep and opened the compartment in the front to remove the battery. He then went around the back to trade it for the one that was already fueling the jeep. It seemed amazing to her how small the battery was. She still remembered the batteries that had been in the electric powered vehicles when she’d first gone to live with her father. They’d mostly used those since gasoline was so hard to come by. Now they only had a few with functional batteries left and those batteries were huge.
Raven slipped out of her shoes and stepped out of the jeep, glad to stretch her legs. Oh, and she was also glad to have those uncomfortable shoes off. One would think that she’d be used to shoes after more than eighty years of them, but she still hated them.
“It wouldn’t be so bad if more humans had the vaccine available in their settlements, but some only have limited supplies and some have none at all. There are also a lot of humans that just don’t want to live in settlements or deal with born vampires. Basically, most of the human population is no longer protected against the Moon virus.”
Raven knew that was true about the vaccine. It was only given to a very select few in the settlement where she had lived. “You know an awful lot about human settlements,” she said suspiciously. “Do you have spies in them?”
He laughed. “No, I don’t have spies. Believe it or not, I don’t consider your human settlements a big threat. I’ve lived long enough and seen enough change to realize that eventually your settlements will crumble on their own. If any of them became a threat, we can easily destroy them. There are a lot of humans living among us now who came to us from human settlements. They got tired of the starvation and hiding. They came to me for protection. I’ll admit that I knew you were coming for medical supplies. Actually, I only suspected you were coming. I’d heard from another human settlement about the illness.”
“Which one?” she asked, feeling somehow betrayed that another settlement was talking to the vampires about them.
“Treasure Island,” he said. “They trade with us. When we traded the medicine to them, they mentioned your settlement was suffering as well.”
That bothered her on many levels. Mostly it bothered her because it made her wonder if she had been fighting in vain all of these years. Maybe the humans did need to start cooperating with the vampires. It certainly seemed to work for the Treasure Island settlement. Then another thought occurred to her. “You already know where my settlement is. You don’t need the blood bond to track me.”
He ducked his head. “Yeah, I wasn’t exactly sure how to tell you that. I didn’t want you to know that I knew for a couple of reasons. I’d like to say it was all noble and I just didn’t want you to worry about your friends, but part of it was a power play. If you run, it’ll be very inconvenient for me. I’ll have to attack your settlement to bring you back. I really wish that wasn’t true, Raven. I’m sorry.”
She stared out at the trees, eager to move into them. She was a little pissed off, even though she understood his reasons. Mostly, she just didn’t want to argue when she could feel the woods calling her. Rather than fight, she decided to change the subject. “I’ve been meaning to ask how you get these vehicles. I mean, I don’t see a lot of cars, but there are a lot more in your settlement than anywhere else.”
“This is a long story, but I’ll try to keep it short,” he said as he removed the old battery and walked around to stash it in the front compartment. “We negotiated trade agreements with the countries of Mexico and Alaska first and now have some with Canada. They get goods that we need from counties in Europe and Asia. We’re working on a direct trade agreement with China. It wasn’t easy opening up trade routes again. People around the world were terrified of vampires and we didn’t have much to offer. What we did have was the vaccine for the Moon Virus and a lot of countries wanted it. That’s how we opened up negotiations. Now, we trade cosmetic treatments made with vampire blood. They can temporarily make a person look up to twenty years younger, so they’re in high demand.”
“So you get the cars imported?” she asked.
“Nope,” he said with a shake of his head. “We make the cars. There was an old car plant close to here that made early electric cars for humans. It was still in relatively good repair. Once we got the parts imported, it was easy to start making them. Our needs are different from other countries so we designed the bodies ourselves. Actually, we copied old designs. Most countries have no need for off‑road vehicles. We mostly make motorcycles and jeeps that can be used off‑road because the streets are in really bad shape most places. Sometimes we find older vehicles in good enough shape that we can reuse the frame. That’s pretty rare.”
“I didn’t know that vampires were so organized.”
He laughed. “Yeah, but you thought we were all slobbering beasts that just went around looking for blood two months ago. Listen,” Connor said and took her hand, “I’m sorry that I yelled at you earlier. I was acting like a real prick.”
His words stunned Raven. Of all the things she’d expected him to say, that hadn’t been one of them. She smiled at him. “I suppose I should be flattered that you were angry about me risking my health. I’m not handling my loss of freedom very well. I’ve never had to ask anyone to take care of my needs before.”
“Not even a boyfriend,” he asked with a lopsided grin that told her he was in a better mood.
“Especially not a boyfriend,” she said, but she didn’t elaborate. She’d never had anyone in her life as more than a sex partner. Her life hadn’t allowed for more than that.
“I don’t know how all of this is going to work in the long run,” Connor admitted, “but I will take care of you. I’ll do my best to make sure you’re safe and I’ll try hard to make you happy.”
His words were nearly her undoing. They were spoken with such sincerity that it made her feel cared for even though she knew that wasn’t the case. She was just another one of his responsibilities. “Would you let me go?” she asked.
“No,” he said and wouldn’t meet her gaze. “I can’t do that and you know it.”
“I could disappear into the woods today and you couldn’t stop me,” she said.
“And I could track you down anywhere,” he said meeting her eyes with a hard stare. “That part of the blood bond is true. If anyone found out about it, I would have to punish you,” he added. “Please, Raven, don’t make me do that. I will be as ruthless as I have to in order to protect my people, but I really don’t want to hurt you.”
His eyes were so beseeching that Raven caught her breath. Her hand lifted to reach out and touch him, but she let it drop to her side.
“Why?” she asked.
“Not everyone wants peace,” he said.
She nodded her understanding. “That’s true in the human settlements too. Some of them want to live in peace away from vampires and others want to destroy all vampires.”
“What about you?” he asked.
“I want peace,” she admitted.
“Have you killed vampires?” he asked.
“Only in defense of myself or those I cared about,” she said. “I’ve never gone out looking for them.”
“Let’s walk,” he said and gestured for her to walk ahead of him through the narrow gate. It was funny to call it a gate. Most of the fence was falling down and tall grass obscured the gate almost completely.
Raven looked around and smiled. She saw the fields of overgrown grass but beyond that there were trees and she sensed the hidden areas in the woods. “Where are we going?”
He shrugged. “You’re the wood nymph. Lead the way.”
Connor was shocked when Raven took off. She skipped the overgrown trail and headed straight into the trees. He followed her, awed by her graceful movements. If he’d been human, he never would have been able to keep up with her. With each step she seemed to gain strength.
Connor finally caught her arm. “Slow down some, little nymph.”
“Why?” she asked with a radiant smile. “Are you having trouble keeping up with me?”
Connor stepped in closer to her body and leaned in until she was trapped against a tree by his much larger body. Her gasp made him smile. She had obviously noticed his erection pressed against her belly. “Vampires get excited by the chase,” he said. “It weakens my self‑control.”
Her eyes widened. “I thought you said you didn’t want an unwilling partner.”
“I don’t,” he said. “That’s why I would have to lay you down on the ground and lick every inch of your sweet body until you begged me to take you.”
Her pulse quickened and Connor couldn’t resist the temptation to lean forward and run his tongue across it. That made him even harder and he hadn’t thought that was possible. Damn, but she seemed to be considering letting him do it. The green tint to her cheeks seemed to deepen. Never in a million years would he have guessed that green tinted flesh would be a turn‑on. This hadn’t happened before, so he assumed it had something to do with her proximity to nature. He suddenly wondered if other parts of her body flushed green when she was excited. Damn, he really would love to strip her naked and find out.
Finally, she let out a shaky breath. “Sorry, I’ll move slower.”
He released her and adjusted his jeans. “We need to stop for a minute so I can get things under control,” he said.
“I’m sorry,” she said nervously. “I wasn’t trying to do that to you.”
“You never are,” he said mostly to himself.
“Thank you for taking me out here,” she said, obviously trying to change the subject.
“How often do you need to do this?” he asked.
“Every week,” she admitted. “It helps that you have an oak tree in your yard. That’s my tree spirit but I also need to be close to my animal.”
“Let me guess, the raven is your animal,” he said.
She shook her head and stared off into the trees. “Because of my name?”
“I couldn’t come up with a better explanation,” he said.
“I had black hair when I was born,” she said in a far off voice. “My father said I was going to grow into a raven haired beauty and my mom liked the name Raven. If my father hadn’t managed to get leave shortly after I was born, I might have a different name. Needless to say, my hair didn’t stay black so it’s a silly name.”
“So what is your animal?” he asked.
“The wolf,” she said and turned to smile at him. “I doubt you have a pack of wolves living in your settlement.”
He laughed. “No, and I think we’ll keep it that way. I didn’t even realize we had wolves around here. I’ve only seen them in movies.”
She hesitated, not really sure how to explain it to him. “They don’t venture out of the other realm often. Actually, they can’t unless someone who’s bonded with the wolf helps them cross. It’s strange because they can see me from the other side, but they wouldn’t be able to see you.”
“Other realm?” he asked.
“That’s probably a bad word for it,” she said with a shrug. “When you describe a wood nymph disappearing into the woods, what she’s really doing is stepping into a part of the woods that you can’t see. There are hundreds of miles out here that aren’t visible to you. They exist on a different plane and only someone who is linked to the spirits of the woods can see them. I may need to disappear into one of those areas for a short time to find a wolf. I won’t be running away, I promise.”
He nodded dumbly and stared at her in awe for a moment before motioning her to continue walking again. “I’ll admit that I’m pretty excited about seeing you disappear. I kind of get what you’re saying, but it seems impossible.”
She smiled and started moving. “I wish I knew a better way to explain it.”
“Who do wood nymphs mate with?” he asked. “I really wanted to ask before, but you wanted to kill me at the time. I know there are no male wood nymphs. How does it work? By the way, feel free to tell me if I’m being too nosy today. I’ve been trying really hard not to bombard you with all of my questions.”
She waved off his worries. “We’re supposed to mate with someone who’s linked with a spirit of the woods. Mostly, they were human before that. There are others, but I’m not really at liberty to talk about them. My father never linked with an animal or tree spirit so my mother shouldn’t have been involved with him. They met when he was about to leave home to join the military. She ended up pregnant with me and it was a huge disgrace. I guess I never fit in with the other nymphs because of it.”
“How did you get to know your father?” he asked. “I mean you ended up living with him so you must have known him.”
“He came back to the woods to visit whenever he could before the pandemic. Then he told us to stay away after the Moon virus outbreak. I ended up living on an old military base with him after my mom was killed.”
“When was that?” he asked.
“More than eighty years ago,” she said in a far off voice.
“And in that time you’ve become a kickass vampire hunter?”
She laughed. “Uh no, I do my best to avoid vampires. Well, I did. My life really has taken a strange turn.”
The wind rustled gently through the trees. Raven inhaled and her face scrunched up. Connor smelled it too, old blood and the faint scent of decay. The forest erupted with vampires. Connor shoved Raven behind him, pinning her between his back and a tree.
“Well, well, well,” said one of the vampires as he sauntered forward confidently. “Looks like a blood brat decided to take his pet out for a walk in the woods. Bad luck for you, blood brat.”
The others laughed and moved in on them.
“Stay behind me, Raven,” Connor warned, “and don’t let them know what you are.”
“There are too many of them,” she said in a desperate whisper. “Let me help.”
“You can help by staying safe,” he said. “Can you disappear into the woods until this is over? I’ll find you.”
“Yes,” she reluctantly agreed.
Connor moved forward and turned briefly to look at her over his shoulder. It was no exaggeration to say that she vanished. Connor was amazed. The trees literally seemed to envelop her. She took a step to the side and then she was gone. He couldn’t help but be impressed. If he hadn’t collared her, she would have disappeared from his life that first day. No time to dwell on that now.
“Wood nymph,” one of the turned vamps said in awe. “I wonder if she’ll trade her life for yours.”
Connor hoped she wouldn’t. He was pretty sure she hated him and didn’t see him as any better than other vampires most days, but the woman had a way of shocking him. He schooled his features into a bored expression. “Not likely, but you’ve probably cost me my lunch. Now I’ll have to hunt her down again when I’m done killing you.”
The turned vampires laughed. “Brave blood brat, aren’t you?”
One of the vampires lunged and Connor sent him flying with a kick to the chest. That seemed to ignite the attack. The other vampires descended. Connor quickly unsheathed the large knife he carried and nearly sliced the hand off of one of the turned vamps. The guy screamed out in pain and fell back. The scent of blood had the desired effect. Several of the others fell upon the bleeding vampire like ravenous dogs. His screams only seemed to further incite their feeding frenzy.
That left Connor with five vampires closing in on him. They moved slowly, careful to avoid his knife. He needed the small handheld crossbow that he normally carried. Like an idiot, he’d left it in the jeep. With just the knife, he was seriously about to get his ass handed to him. At least Raven was safe.
A loud rumbling growl startled them all. It came from ten large wolves, and at the center of the pack was his wood nymph. “I suggest you move away from him or my friends will tear you to pieces.” Her threat was made with such authority that Connor was truly in awe, and more than a little turned on.
The leader looked startled and confused. “What difference does it make to you if we kill him, nymph?” he asked.
“I don’t like explaining myself,” Raven said, as she ran a hand along one of the wolves. “Your choices are run or feed the vultures. The wolves won’t eat your rotting carcasses. They’ll just tear you apart, but the vultures will enjoy the feast they leave behind.” To emphasize her threat four large turkey vultures swooped down to perch on the trees above Raven.
Connor could see the woman who had been a great leader standing before him. She was fearless and ruthless when she had to be. She was truly magnificent. He couldn’t help it, he smiled.
The leader scowled at Connor. “This isn’t over, blood brat,” he snapped. “Soon your kind will all be destroyed or back to living as blood whores.”
The turned vampires backed away from them and then took off running into the woods, leaving behind the bloody remains of the one with the nearly severed hand. The vultures happily swooped down to feast.
“Chase them away,” Raven told the wolves and the pack took off after the vampires.
Connor grinned at her. “You are fucking awesome!” he said. “Here you’ve been playing the scared little hostage when you are actually a total badass warrior.”
She gave him a shy smile. “I think the wolves did most of the work.”
“But you called them with your power, right?” he asked.
She nodded. “The wolf is my spirit animal. They respond to me. What’s a blood brat?”
“That’s what the humans used to call the born vampires,” he explained.
“What’s a blood whore?” she asked.
Connor shook his head. “Sharing time’s over. We need to get out of here. I’m sorry that we can’t stay longer. I thought this place was safe. I’ll come out here with a hunting team and clear out the turned vampires.”
Raven nodded her understanding and Connor caught the look of disappointment that she quickly masked.
“Was this enough time to regain your strength?” he asked.
She nodded. “I should be okay for at least a few days.”
“I promise to bring you back as soon as we have the turned vampires out of the woods,” he said. “Until then, I’ll find another place to bring you.”
A yelp startled them both. Raven took off in the direction of the sound and Connor followed on her heels. One of the turned vampires had struck out at one of the wolves. The wolf was injured and the vamp was moving in for the kill. Connor leaped across the distance and threw the other vampire to the ground. His knife was still sheathed and the other vampire was armed. Connor slammed his fist into the vampire’s face before he had a chance to react. Then he caught the hand holding the knife. Connor could feel the bones cracking and breaking under his firm grip. Still the vampire didn’t drop the knife. Finally, Connor slammed his head into the guys face, breaking his nose. The knife dropped to the ground. Connor quickly recovered it and sheathed it in the other vampire’s chest.
When he looked up, he saw Raven working hard to stop the flow of blood on the wolf. He stripped out of his shirt and pressed it against the wolf’s wound. “We need to take him back with us or I don’t think he’ll make it.”
“Thank you for saving him,” Raven said.
“He saved my life,” Connor said simply. When the wolf whined he looked down at him. His eyes locked with the wolf’s and he felt the strangest sensation. For a moment, he felt like he was the wolf. He could see with clarity the thrill of running free. He felt the security of the pack. When he looked up over Raven’s shoulder he saw the woods stretch out behind her. He saw a waterfall that hadn’t been there moments before. He shook his head to clear it but it didn’t work.
“Are you okay?” Raven asked.
“I’m fine,” he said and then lifted the wolf up into his arms. “I’ll carry him back to the jeep and then you can keep pressure on his wound until we get it stitched.”
The trip back to the jeep was rough. Connor had trouble figuring out where he was going. There were suddenly things around him that hadn’t been there before. It was both disorienting and a little frightening. Oh, and it was also pretty fucking cool. He wanted to ask Raven what was happening, but he wasn’t sure if she’d freak out if she knew he could suddenly see into her world. She didn’t exactly trust him. He’d just admitted to knowing how to find all of her human friends but admitting that he could find the wood nymphs might be too much for one day.
When they finally reached the jeep, Raven studied him and he knew she was worried. “Maybe I should drive,” she suggested. “I’m guessing that you were hurt worse than you want to admit. You look pretty out of it.”
Now that they were back at the parking lot, Connor’s head was starting to clear some. Well, except for the fact that he was sure that he could understand the little whimpers coming from the wolf. “Do you even know how to drive?” he asked.
She hesitated and then shook her head. “Human settlements don’t have many vehicles. We mostly walk or use bicycles.”
“Then I think I’d better drive,” he said with an amused grin. “It’s a little harder than it looks.” Connor carefully loaded the wolf into the back of the jeep and then helped Raven in.
His head felt much clearer now that he was away from the woods. He might have even been able to convince himself that he’d imagined it if he weren’t feeling so anxious about the wolf. He knew that he was somehow tied to the wolf now.
“Who’s going to stitch up the wolf?” Raven asked. “I can keep him calm while it’s done, but I’ve never put in stitches before.”
Connor smiled and allowed a hint of fang to show. “Don’t worry. Shelby has a lot of experience patching people up. I’m sure she’ll be more than happy to patch up your friend.” He couldn’t wait to tell Shelby that she’d been volunteered to take care of the wolf.


Chapter Thirteen
Raven knew something was wrong with Connor, but she just couldn’t figure out what it was. He’d been acting strange since he’d rescued the wolf. She still couldn’t believe that he’d done it. Sure, she would have but she hadn’t met many other people who would. The longer she knew Connor the more he confused her. Maybe that was why she’d been avoiding him so much.
Now she was even more confused. It seemed like they were getting along really well during their hike but as soon as they got back to his home he got Shelby over to stitch up the wolf and took off.
“Is Connor angry at me?” she asked Shelby.
Shelby didn’t look up from the stitches she was making. “Nah, he probably just left so he wouldn’t have to shave your wolf. If he’d stayed, I would have made him do it. Can I just say that this is one of the scariest things I have ever done?”
“He won’t hurt you. He’s just scared right now.” Raven looked down at the frightened wolf and stroked his head. He seemed upset about Connor leaving. She sensed him looking for Connor. It was strange but he was a young wolf so he was probably just grateful to Connor for saving him. She could somewhat understand the wolf but it wasn’t like she got things in full sentences. She got general ideas like he hurt, he was scared, and he wanted his pack. He’d whimpered when Connor had left and that was her clue that he wanted Connor around. “Thank you for taking care of him,” Raven said. “I know the wolf will appreciate it later.”
Shelby snorted. “I’m only doing this for you,” she said.
“Not for Connor,” Raven asked.
“Nope,” Shelby said. “Carla even offered to come and help me when she heard it was for you.”
Raven smiled. She couldn’t help it. She’d never in a million years expected to have vampire friends. “Why didn’t she come?”
Shelby laughed. “That girl is crazy squeamish. She can’t help with any injuries. It’s funny because she can ram a stake into someone’s heart without a second’s hesitation but she can’t be around when someone has a paper cut.”
Raven couldn’t help noticing the expression of fondness on Shelby’s face. “How long have you been a couple?” she asked.
“About sixty years,” Shelby said. “We’ve known each other most of our lives but it took Carla a long time to move past the things that happened when we were younger. It was tough on all of us, but Carla has always been softer than me.”
Raven nodded. “Connor told me things were really bad.”
“Yeah, it sucked but we survived,” Shelby said as she cut the thread. “We’re a product of our pasts in some ways but I refuse to let it be all that defines me.”
“You may be one of the most well‑adjusted people I’ve ever met.” Raven said.
Shelby looked a little embarrassed by Raven’s praise. “Hardly,” she scoffed. “I just don’t let it get me down.”
“That’s why you’re so well‑adjusted. I mean seriously, I came here as your enemy and you just accepted me into your world.”
“I could tell that you weren’t a bad person. You put your own life on the line to save your friends. I admire that. I figured it was a good idea to have you as a friend in case I needed someone to save my ass.”
“I’d have your back any time,” Raven said and she knew it was no exaggeration. Strange how she’d believed these vampires were all her enemies not too long ago. Now, she called many of them her friends. It made it a little easier to imagine some happiness in her new life.
Shelby was done with the stitches so she stood up and wiped her hands on a wet towel. She must have noticed the sadness that Raven was feeling because she put a hand on Raven’s shoulder. “It must be hard being away from the friends you had in your old life. I don’t envy you having to live with Con. He’s a good guy but a major pain in the ass.”
Raven absently stroked the wolf. “Connor really isn’t that bad. I think he’s trying to make it work. I haven’t really been helping matters. As for my old life, there were only a few people I was really close to, but I do miss them. I just don’t know how I fit in here. Am I just supposed to follow Connor around or watch television for the rest of my life? Wood nymphs can live thousands of years and I don’t have any purpose now. Connor doesn’t even really want me here. It’s hard not to feel sad when I think about it that way.”
Shelby laughed. “Connor definitely wants you here, he just doesn’t like wanting you here.”
“There are times when I feel like we get along and others when he seems irritated that I’m around,” Raven admitted.
“He has a lot on his mind right now and you’re one more thing for him to worry about,” Shelby explained.
There was a soft knock at the door and Shelby looked at it, her brow knit in confusion.
“Should I answer it?” Raven asked. She wasn’t really sure how to handle the door when Connor wasn’t home. It hadn’t come up before. Most of Connor’s friends just walked into the house through the back door which was usually unlocked if one of them was home.
Shelby shook her head and walked over to open the door. Her face lit up with delight and she enfolded the frail looking woman in her arms. The woman was lovely with silky brown hair that rested at her shoulders and deep blue eyes. She looked delicate and somehow fragile. Mostly, she looked like a woman in her twenties, but her haunted blue eyes seemed much older.
“Eloise!” Shelby squealed. “Connor didn’t tell me you were coming by today.”
“I didn’t tell him,” Eloise said as she looked past Shelby to Raven. Her voice was soft with just a hint of what was once considered a southern accent. “I wanted to meet the wood nymph. My son has been avoiding me.”
Raven gaped at Connor’s mother. It wasn’t her youthful appearance that was shocking. As a wood nymph, Raven’s own mother had seemed ageless. She’d been nearly two‑hundred years old when Raven had been born and could have passed for twenty. What surprised her was Eloise’s gentle nature. She didn’t seem at all like Connor.
“They didn’t believe in wood nymphs when I was a child or even an adult,” she explained as she walked toward Raven. “I’ve been really excited about meeting you.” She hesitated when she got closer to the wolf and he began to eye her.
“Don’t worry,” Raven said. “Edwin won’t bite.”
“Edwin?” Connor practically gasped from the front door. “You cannot name that wolf Edwin. He’ll get laughed at by the other wolves.”
Raven scowled. “Since when are you the expert on wolves?”
“I don’t need to be an expert to know that you don’t name a wolf Edwin,” he scoffed.
“What would you name him?” she asked with her hands on her hips.
“Fang,” he said and the wolf’s ears perked up. When Connor saw it he gave a satisfied smile and hugged his mother. “What are you doing here, Mom?”
“Oh, so I can’t visit my own son?” she asked with a raised eyebrow.
That made him laugh. “Don’t try that guilt trip with me. You know you can come by any time you want, but you usually call me first.”
“I came to meet Raven,” she said. “I’m a little hurt that you didn’t have me over sooner.”
Raven was guessing that Connor didn’t find her important enough to introduce to people. She hadn’t met anyone who hadn’t come by the house.
“This whole transition has been really stressful for Raven,” Connor said. “I didn’t want to make her feel like she was on display. I figured everyone could wait until she settled in a little more before meeting her.”
Raven’s mouth dropped open. That was actually very thoughtful of him. “Thank you,” she said softly.
He waved off her thanks. “So, Mom, this is Raven. Raven, this is my mom, Eloise. She runs the school for the younger kids.”
“It’s very nice to meet you,” Raven said. “Your son is very   . . .” Her voice trailed off as she struggled for something that a mother would want to hear about her son. Damn sexy seemed wrong. Domineering was definitely not a good one.
Eloise laughed. “How about loyal?”
“Yes,” Raven agreed with a smile, “he is very loyal.”
“Now, Connor’s made me feel bad about my ulterior motive for coming by,” Eloise admitted shyly.
“You don’t have to worry about offending her,” Shelby chimed in. “Raven’s pretty tough.”
“I was hoping you would come by the school so the children could meet you. They were really excited when they heard that there was a wood nymph living here, and the ones who saw you have been bragging about it,” Eloise explained.
“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” Connor hedged.
“I wouldn’t mind,” Raven said.
“You really don’t have to do this,” Connor argued.
“I think it’s a good idea,” Shelby said. “It’d be nice if Raven had some things to do with her time other than watching television and sleeping in your oak tree. She’s used to being busy.”
Raven watched as Connor considered his mother’s request and what Shelby had said. It looked like he really wanted to say no but finally he let out a sigh. “Fine, I can bring her by the school Friday. That’ll give you a couple of days to prepare things.”
“I could walk alone if you give me directions,” Raven said hopefully.
Connor finally nodded.
“Excellent!” Eloise said with a smile that lit up her entire face.
Raven couldn’t agree more. It wasn’t much but at least she had something on her schedule now. “When Edwin is better, I’ll bring him over to the school to meet the children.”
“Oh,” Eloise’s eyes were round and she looked frightened by the idea. “I’m not sure a wolf is the best thing to have at a school.”
“He’ll be fine as long as I’m there,” Raven assured her.
“We’ll discuss it later,” Connor said. “For now Fang needs to rest and recover.”
Connor’s playful wink caught Raven off guard, as did the unexpected rush of arousal. Maybe things had been better when she hated Connor.


Chapter Fourteen
Graham was enjoying a very nice meal with Roger and Miles. He’d known them for years, and they were part of Graham’s inner circle. They would be described as part of the leadership council by most, but Graham considered them threats to his power most days. Friendship was for fools. The others who were considered part of the leadership council were merely there for show. They were brainless women who were good for sex on occasion.
Roger and Miles could have been brothers. Both had unremarkable features with brown hair and brown eyes. Graham needed their support, even if he didn’t trust them completely. They’d both been on his ass about the shortage of nymph blood for the last few days. As they ate, Graham imagined taking his steak knife and putting it into Roger’s eye socket. He chuckled softly as he thought about the noise it might make. Would it pop? Or would it be more of a squishing sound?
“How can you be amused at a time like this?” Miles demanded in a nasally voice.
Graham’s response was interrupted when one of the guards he’d sent out with the new vampires barged into the room. The man hadn’t showered in days and the smell was enough to spoil Graham’s appetite. Whatever the guard had to tell them had better be urgent.
“I assume your return means you’ve brought back at least one nymph?” Graham said in a bored voice.
The man shook his head. His black hair was wet and clung to his forehead. He’d been outside for a few days and he had a painful looking sunburn. “Not exactly,” the man said nervously.
“Then why the hell are you here?” Graham demanded. “Did something happen with the team?”
The man nodded. “Two of the vampires were killed and three others were seriously injured. Two of them are healing quickly, but we had to put one of them down.”
“Killed by whom?” asked Roger. He set down his fork and put a napkin over his nose and mouth to block out the smell of the man. “As I understand it, there are only a handful of human ranchers in that area. There certainly aren’t enough to present that kind of danger.”
“A born vampire,” the man said nervously.
“And this is big news how?” Graham demanded as he moved around the table to stand in front of the man. “While there may not be a vampire settlement close to there, they do patrol those areas. Did you dispose of the blood brat’s body? We don’t want to draw attention to that area. It would be best if he just disappeared.”
The man shook his head vigorously. “He’s not dead. He got away.”
Graham was losing his patience and seriously fighting the urge to strike the man.
“I’m curious to know how one born vampire bested at least ten of our vampires,” Miles asked. “Even if it was just the five you mentioned, he shouldn’t have been able to take them all on. Were there more with him?”
“Maybe your new vampires aren’t all you made them out to be, Graham,” Roger taunted.
Graham felt his face turning red with his anger. “There is obviously more to this story,” he said through his teeth.
“There were wolves,” the man said as if he was having trouble believing that fact himself.
“They were probably wild dogs,” Graham said. “Did you actually see them?”
The man shook his head.
“So we need to train the vampires not to run from a pack of dogs,” Graham said, wishing Roger and Miles weren’t hearing this. The blood brat getting away meant that someone was going to reveal the fact that there was a group of vampires in that area. Even worse, they might have noticed that they were different from other turned vampires. That meant he needed to move them out of the area quickly. The last thing he wanted was one of his creations ending up in the wrong lab.
“There was also a wood nymph,” the man said.
“Interesting,” Graham said and wondered how long he could keep his vampires there before someone came back looking for them. “Did the blood brat see her?”
“She was with him,” the man said. “She brought the wolves to save him.”
Graham couldn’t mask his shock. Why the hell would a wood nymph help one of the blood brats? The only one he’d ever met that didn’t live in the forest hated vampires. “Did you see what she looked like?”
“I didn’t see her at all,” the man said.
“Any name?” Graham asked.
The man shook his head. “The vampires did hear that the born vampire is named Connor.”
Graham laughed. “In that case, I think I know where we can find a wood nymph.” He knew that the closest major vampire settlement was ruled by a blood brat named Connor. While it was certainly possible that it was a different Connor than they’d met in the woods, he had a feeling it wasn’t. That meant that he had a chance to get his wood nymph and some much deserved revenge. He remembered that blood brat all too well. He’d always had an over‑inflated sense of self‑worth. Oh, but the blood brat’s mother was truly lovely. So perfect and so obedient. He got hard just thinking about her cowering at his feet as she begged for blood.
“I need you to take about twenty more vampires with you and half a dozen trusted guards,” he said. “Bring back the vampires and guards from Las Trampas. On the way back here stop at as many ranches and small settlements as you can. I want you to bring back every human over the age of fourteen. Actually, bring back the younger ones too. We can always use them for experiments.”
The man looked shocked but then he dropped his head and nodded before hurrying out of the room.
Graham turned to face his friends. “I don’t suppose the two of you remember a blood brat by the name of Connor?”
Miles had a thoughtful look on his face and shook his head.
Roger smiled pleasantly. “I remember him. He hid my favorite blood whore from me one time. I had the flesh practically whipped off of his back. I hope you aren’t planning to get too distracted from what’s important. I agree that the blood brat’s death would be nice, but we need that nymph blood.”
“I’m aware of that fact, Roger,” Graham snarled and threw his plate against the wall. It shattered, which took some of the edge off of Graham’s anger. Destruction always made him feel calmer.
“I’m just concerned about you losing focus on what’s important,” Roger said with false sincerity oozing from his pores.
“There’s no reason to worry about it,” Graham said. “We’ll have our nymph and then we’ll find a way to get her to lead us to more nymphs. Better than that, we’ll have some much deserved revenge on the blood brats. I know what I’m doing.”
“I certainly hope this plan goes better than the last one,” Roger said.
“Just keep in mind that if we should have a shortage of nymph blood at some point, I’ll have to decide who continues to get our treatments,” Graham said with a pleasant smile. “You might have some say in what happens here, but you’re mostly a figurehead. I am the one in charge of who lives and dies.”
If Roger’s glare was any indication, he got Graham’s message loud and clear. Roger quickly masked his reaction with a relaxed smile. “You know that I’ll always have your back.”
“Let’s not argue about this,” Miles chimed in. “We’ve been friends most of our lives. It’s just the stress making us fight.”
Miles always was the idiot peacekeeper among them. Graham wondered if he could convince Miles that they needed to kill Roger. He already knew it was Roger who made Miles question things in the first place. The idea of killing someone he’d been friends with most of his life excited Graham. Ah, but he’d save that pleasure for later. It would be a reward to himself after the wood nymph blood problem was resolved. Until then, he would just have to fantasize about all of the ways he could kill Roger. Oh, and all of the things he could do to make the blood brats pay.


Chapter Fifteen
It was a little unnerving to look out at the school gym full of excited children. Most of them were giving Raven big toothy grins, complete with fangs. The sight of small children with fangs was strange to say the least. Then again, she’d spent plenty of time around wolf cubs and they were likely more dangerous than the vampire children watching her. It didn’t take her long to notice that not all of the grins were of the fanged variety.
“The school has both vampire and human children?” she asked quietly.
Eloise nodded. “Yes, for the last five years. When I started the program, there were some issues. The integration process took time, but I believe it’s important for the children to get along. I want them to grow up to be friends. It’s the first step in creating a more peaceful community.”
“Don’t they have trouble with biting?” Raven asked.
“It’s pretty rare,” Eloise said. “Younger children are fed bagged blood so they don’t associate biting with feeding. When they reach their teens, we start to discuss feeding responsibly. At our high school, all students are required to take a class on Sex Ed at the same time as feeding safety and etiquette. It might sound strange that we have the humans attend, but it really helps them decide if they want to donate on a more intimate level when they’re adults. It can also help them in relationships later in life. A lot of humans choose not to donate intimately, but they offer blood when in a committed relationship with a vampire. I don’t teach in those grade levels, but I helped with the planning.”
“Why teach it with Sex Ed?” Raven asked.
Eloise blushed. “Feeding can be a very sexual experience with a partner. We want both vampires and humans to understand the ramifications of this and act responsibly.”
Raven nodded her understanding. “Yes, it can be quite sexual,” she said without thinking.
Eloise gave her a knowing smile. “So, things are going well with my son?”
“Oh, I didn’t mean it like that,” Raven said quickly. “I’m not doing anything like that with your son.” She tried to choose her words carefully since the children might overhear. “It was just during the blood bond.”
Eloise laughed and put a hand on her arm. “I’m just teasing you. I know there’s nothing going on with you and Connor, yet. Although, I do think you’d make beautiful babies together.”
Raven’s mouth dropped open, but before she could think of anything to say, Eloise continued. “I think all of the classes are here now so we can begin. Are you ready?”
Raven closed her mouth and took a deep breath. “I guess so.”
Eloise walked up to the podium and the few students who were still talking quieted down. Raven wondered if they were always this well‑behaved. “Good morning. I’m excited to introduce a very special guest to you. She has not only agreed to talk to us today, but she has also agreed to volunteer in your classes throughout the year so you’ll all get a chance to meet her personally. Now, I would like to present to you, Raven, and she is a real life wood nymph.”
The gym erupted in clapping and cheers as the students bounced on the floor.
Raven gazed out at the eager little faces and smiled. “Good morning and thank you so much for making me feel welcome here. I’m very excited about getting to know all of you. I want to start by telling you a little about what it means to be a wood nymph and then I understand that each class has a question to ask me.”
“That’s right,” Eloise answered. “Every class gets to ask one question today.”
“I’ll try to answer them all. First, I’d like to show you some of what I can do, and to do that we’re going to head outside.”
The instructors all lined up their classes so they could follow Raven out to the newly planted saplings that lined the front of the school. Raven slipped out of her shoes and sighed at the feel of the dirt beneath her feet. She couldn’t resist the urge to wiggle her toes in the dirt. She walked among the saplings, touching them each lovingly as she let her power flow into them. She heard the awes of the children as the leaves on the saplings became thicker and two of them grew a couple of inches. Wildflowers sprang up from the ground. It was a good thing Connor had taken her to the woods recently or Raven wouldn’t have had the power to do something like this.
“How did you do that?” asked a girl with freckles and red hair. She couldn’t have been older than six. Her fangs hung over her bottom lip as she grinned at Raven.
Raven smiled down at the little girl. “I’m connected to nature and it responds to me. I can make things grow, cause animals to heal faster, and understand the animals of the woods to some extent.” She looked up at the rest of the students. “Like vampires, I don’t age. Wood nymphs originally came from Europe, but many of us moved to this land in the early nineteenth century. Back in those days, there were many humans who still believed in the spirits of nature. We had great freedom to roam the land unharmed. Times changed, and for many years there were very few humans who believed in wood nymphs. During those years we became accustomed to living away from humans. That’s why so few of us are seen today.”
Raven spoke for another ten minutes to the rapt students.
“Now, I’m going to read off the questions that each class decided on,” Eloise explained. “First, what do you eat?”
“I eat human food. When I lived in the woods, I mostly ate fruits and vegetables. We didn’t usually kill for meat. I don’t need the nutrients from it, but I enjoy it.”
“Next, what kind of clothes do wood nymphs wear?” Eloise asked.
Raven smiled, knowing this would shock the students and teachers. “When I live with humans or vampires, I dress like I am now.” She pointed to her jeans, red sweater, and bare feet. “Wood nymphs living in the woods don’t wear any clothes.”
There was a lot of giggling and even some shocked looks from teachers. One student shouted out. “Don’t you get cold?”
Raven shook her head and smiled. “I don’t get cold or hot.”
“Next question,” Eloise said, obviously trying not to laugh at the children’s shocked expressions. “Do wood nymphs go to school like us?”
“No, we don’t,” Raven replied. “Our elders teach us how to control the elements of nature and other matters related to our survival, but we don’t have formal schools.” She didn’t want to explain how much of their education had to do with sex. “I didn’t learn to read or write until I came to live with humans. In the woods we don’t have books because there’s no need for those things. Our life is much simpler.”
Thankfully it was a small school with only seven classes because Raven began to feel like someone was watching her. She looked around and spotted Ian glaring at her from the play structure. Dressed in head to toe black, she assumed he was going for an intimidating look. It made her wish that they’d gone back into the gym after her demonstration. One corner of his mouth tilted up in a half‑grin when he caught her eye and he gave her a mocking salute.
After assuring the children that she would visit with all of them, she excused herself and walked across the schoolyard toward Ian. It was probably a mistake. He was obviously angry and he seemed to hate her. She was also unarmed. Still, she wanted to know why he was there.
“What are you doing here?” she demanded.
He laughed, but that laugh held no humor. He smiled, but his face held no joy. “I came to learn more about our wood nymph. You’re the most fascinating thing to happen in years.”
“Why do you hate me?” she asked and was satisfied to see the surprise cross his face.
“I don’t hate you, nymph,” he said with a sneer. “I hate the humans you defend. I hate your stupidity in thinking they’re worth more than the blood in their veins. I hate the fact that you think that they’re the poor victims in this world.”
Raven sighed. “And you hate Connor for protecting them from you?”
“Connor is a fool!” he snapped. “Have you seen his back?”
Yes, she had seen his back. It was badly scarred and she suspected it had been from severe beatings. She nodded.
“Did he tell you how he got those scars?” he asked, leaning down to whisper against her neck like a lover.
She shook her head, not sure she wanted to know.
“Leave her alone, Ian,” Eloise said in a firm voice.
Ian looked up at Eloise and smiled. “Why are you defending her? You know what humans are capable of. You saw what they did first hand.”
“I still consider myself human,” Eloise said. “It doesn’t matter what disease I contracted or what a group of people decided. I was born human and I remain human. There is good and bad in all of us. There are plenty of good humans. I think most of the ones who believe we’re their enemies only do so out of ignorance.”
“You’re a fool!” Ian snapped.
“Do not ever insult my mother again,” Connor practically growled. Fang limped up beside Connor and growled low in his throat.
“It wasn’t an insult,” Ian said. “It was the truth. You’re all fools and I won’t allow that fact to result in any more deaths.”
With that Ian turned on his heal and stormed off.
Raven took Eloise’s shaky hand. “Are you okay?”
Eloise nodded. “I don’t like thinking about the past, but Ian seems determined to bring it up every chance he gets.”
“He won’t be around the school again,” Connor said.
“Connor,” Eloise said gently, “you can’t ban him from the school. Coming here reminds him of Sarah.”
“Who’s Sarah?” Raven asked.
“His daughter,” Connor said without meeting her eyes. “Humans took his wife and daughter nearly ten years ago. They returned Sarah’s body as a warning. Ian hasn’t been the same since it happened.”
Raven gasped. “How awful! No wonder he has so much hatred for humans.”
“Don’t pity him too much,” Connor said. “He’s become a danger to all of us since then. He refuses to move past it, and he’s become cruel and filled with the need for revenge. Unfortunately, he can’t see that not all humans are like that. He’s been banned from feeding on donors because he’s needlessly cruel. He’s fighting me for power because he wants to destroy all of your human settlements.”
That last statement left Raven feeling even more uneasy. If Ian gained power, would her friends die as a result? Would Connor die? She hated to admit it but she really didn’t want Connor to die. That realization was something she didn’t want to explore. Luckily, Connor picked that moment to be an ass, saving her from the warm fuzzies.
“What the hell were you thinking?” he practically shouted. “I’d think that by this point you’d have figured out that Ian is dangerous. Yet, you still march your little ass over and confront him. Do you have a fucking death wish?”
“Connor,” Eloise said calmly, “you’re at a school.”
He nodded and leaned down to hug his mother. “We’ll leave now. Sorry about my language in front of the kids.”
She looked nervously at Raven, and Raven tried to give her a reassuring smile. It was hard when she was so pissed off.
Connor grabbed Raven’s arm and started to walk quickly out of the schoolyard and down the street. Poor Fang was struggling to keep up with them. Raven was in no mood for Connor’s attitude. She pretended to stumble and that threw him off balance. When he reached out with his other hand to steady her, she slammed her fist into his diaphragm which had the desired effect of causing him to briefly gasp for breath.
“What the hell is your problem?” she snarled at him as he tried to reach out for her again. She dropped and swept her leg around to knock his legs out from under him. He went down, but when she stood and tried to move back he quickly rolled to catch her legs and knock her off balance. She expected to hit the sidewalk, but he pulled her down on top of him and then rolled on top of her. She knew she’d lost at that point. He was much heavier than her and she wasn’t willing to seriously injure him so she had no options.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” he asked with more amusement than annoyance.
“I don’t like being yelled at and manhandled by you,” she snarled.
Fang, the traitor, gave them a dismissive yawn.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I know I’m being an asshole but I freaked out a little when I saw you with Ian. You need to understand that he’s really dangerous.”
“I get that,” she snapped. “I’m not as much of an idiot as you seem to think I am. I wasn’t going to wander off to some secluded location with him. I just wanted to know why he was there.”
“He could have easily taken you away from there,” Connor said as he stood up and helped her to her feet.
“I’m not completely helpless,” she insisted.
“Yet, I just took you down with very little effort,” he argued.
“Only because I wasn’t willing to seriously hurt you. Had I been willing to break bones, I could have done more damage. I didn’t become a leader among the humans because of my ability to make the crops grow.”
A thoughtful look passed over his face. “I’ve been meaning to ask you about the weapon you were carrying.”
“So, just like that we’re done fighting?” she asked in disbelief.
“I won,” he said, “so the fight is over.”
She snorted. “Just keep believing that.”
He ignored her. “I’ve never seen anything like those. Do the humans use them?”
She wasn’t sure she wanted to reveal much about what the humans were using as weapons, but she figured he had a good idea after confiscating what they had so it wouldn’t do too much harm to talk about hers. “No, they don’t use those. I’ve taught a couple of people on my team but most prefer other weapons. I’m the only one who always carries them. There is one other person who carries them most of the time. My father taught me how to use them years ago. They’re called eskrima sticks or yantok. They work best for me because of my speed. We altered them some over the years. Originally, they were made from rattan. That stuff is really durable but impossible to find now. We had to start using hard wood which is heavier so it doesn’t maneuver as well and it splinters. That’s probably the reason so few people use them. Originally they didn’t have the pointed ends but those allow me to use them as stakes as well. Because of my size, I prefer to use ones that are right around two feet long. My father’s were a little longer but not by much.”
“They’re impressive,” he said. “I’d like to see you use them. Do you think you could do a demonstration without being tempted to put one into my heart?”
She snorted. “I’ll think about it, but it definitely won’t be today.”
She stalked off with Fang by her side.
Connor called her, “Raven!”
She stopped but didn’t turn around. “What?” she snapped.
“Did you have shoes when you left the house?” he asked and she heard the laughter in his voice.
“Damn!” she muttered and hurried back to the school to collect her shoes.


Chapter Sixteen
Raven was so wrapped up in her movie that she didn’t hear Connor come down the stairs. Her left hand idly stroked Fang’s back. She still couldn’t believe she’d given in on the name. He really did look like an Edwin to her, but he only answered to Fang. He seemed to be enjoying The Lion King as much as she was. Actually, she’d watched it four times in the last week.
She wasn’t quite as bored now that she volunteered at the school, but she still had too much free time. Connor hadn’t mentioned watching her use her eskrima sticks again, much to her disappointment.
“I thought we agreed to avoid getting wolf fur on my furniture,” Connor complained.
Raven looked at Fang who merely yawned. “I don’t remember agreeing to that,” she said. “Do you remember that agreement, Fang?”
Connor blew out a frustrated breath. “Fang, down!” he said sternly.
Fang leapt off of the sofa and trotted upstairs. Raven knew he was going to roll all over Connor’s bed, but she figured Connor had to know that since it happened daily. Actually, she was really impressed with how tolerant he was of the wolf and how easily Fang had accepted Connor as the alpha male. Sure, he might go out of his way to irritate Connor, but it was in a playful way. She’d been worried that as Fang started to feel better he’d become more aggressive with Connor. It almost seemed that Connor could communicate with Fang. She knew that wasn’t possible. Well, she assumed it wasn’t possible. Honestly, she still didn’t know too much about what vampires could do.
“I need to go into the city today,” Connor said.
Raven nodded. Connor went into the city a couple of times a week but he’d never offered to take her with him. “Are you leaving me at Jack and Muriel’s?”
“They’re going with me. Muriel has a doctor’s appointment and it’s safer if we travel in a group,” he explained.
“In your jeep?” Raven asked. “That thing doesn’t seem safe for a pregnant woman to ride in.”
“It’s safe, but we’ll be taking something else,” he said.
“Does that mean I’m going to the city?” The only time she’d ever been there was to steal medicine, and the place was a little intimidating. She’d done some surveillance on the city from a short distance away before they actually snuck into the hospital, and it was heavily guarded at all hours. It was really more like a cluster of businesses than a city. The buildings were all new and in good repair, but there were no trees or plants. She supposed it was the sterile feel of the place, combined with the guards, that she didn’t like. She wasn’t entirely sure how they’d managed to get into hospital in the first place with all of the guards.
“Wait!”she said and stood up to point an accusing finger at him. “You let us sneak into the hospital. You already knew we were going to do it and you made sure we could.”
He gave her a lopsided grin. “You can’t prove that.”
“I thought it was strange that we managed to get by all of your guards. I’d done some checking before and noticed that the area is always heavily guarded. That day it wasn’t. I thought we were lucky, but it wasn’t luck at all.”
He shrugged. “I really didn’t mind you getting the medicine. As you may have guessed, it didn’t exactly work out like I’d planned.”
“It’s very different there,” she said contemplatively.
“I can always leave you with my mom if you don’t want to go,” he said. “Shelby and Carla are riding in one of the jeeps following us so you can’t stay there.” He thought for a moment. “It is a little dangerous right now. We’ve had some attacks by turned vampires along the roads lately. It might be best if you stayed here.”
It bothered her that he assumed she was afraid. In truth, she just felt off being in a place with no trees. “Danger? Hah! I walk on the wild side,” she said in her best Simba voice.
“Okay, no more Lion King for you,” he said sternly, but she saw his lips twitch. “I really should see if I can get you some more modern movies. We get them in our streaming system but most of the ones I watch are older movies that were loaded from the discs that they used to be stored on. It’s hard for us to sort through the newer ones. Humans must really like to watch sex because most of the ones we find have very little story and a lot of sex.” He gave up on his attempt to scowl and smiled at her. “Maybe I should let you watch the sex movies. I’d rather have you influenced by them anyway.”
His smile made her blood heat. This was happening much too frequently, and it was disconcerting. She’d been attracted to many men in her life, and it had never bothered her before. Sex was just a natural part of her existence so it was silly to worry about it. What bugged her now was the fact that, while she could still appreciate the attractiveness of the other men in her life, Connor was the only one who aroused her. His teasing about the sex movies was making it worse. What would he do if she suggested they watch one together? Maybe she should do it. No! That was bad, very bad.
“Why do I need a babysitter if I stay behind?” she asked irritably.
“I’m just worried about leaving you alone for so long,” he explained. “There are still some of my people who aren’t crazy about me keeping you. Ian has been even more hostile since the confrontation at the school. Fang isn’t quite up to defending you yet.” He hesitated and looked down at his boots. “I’d also like you to come with me. I’ve been busy the last couple of days and I’ve missed talking to you.”
Raven’s anger drained out of her body at his admission. “I think I’d like to go with you,” she said.
Connor nodded. “We need to leave soon. You might want to change clothes.”
Raven looked down at her shorts and tank top. “Why?”
“Why?” he asked in disbelief. “My authority is more limited in the city. There is more unrest there and, quite frankly, you exude sexual energy.”
“Duh, I’m a wood nymph,” she said.
That made him laugh. “Yeah, I get that, but it really would help if you covered things up just a little. Oh, and put some shoes on.”
“Come on, Raven,” Muriel whined as she waddled up to the screen door. “He’s right; you need to cover it up some so we can go. I’m really nervous about this appointment, and I’m tired of standing outside listening to you argue about your clothes.”
“Why are you nervous?” Raven asked.
“Change first and ask questions on the way,” Connor ordered.
“Fine,” Raven hurried upstairs and quickly changed clothes. She had a hard time finding a pair of shoes. She now had three pairs, but she tended to take them off and leave them places. She finally gave up and went downstairs to admit that she couldn’t find any shoes, only to find Connor holding a pair.
She smiled sheepishly. “Thank you,” she said as she quickly grabbed the shoes and headed out the door. She could put them on when they got closer to the city. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw what looked like a mini‑van. Raven found herself giggling.
“What’s so funny?” Connor asked.
“I saw these in one of the movies,” Raven said around her giggles. “They called it a soccer mom car. It’s going to be fun watching you drive it.”
“Jack’s driving,” Connor said as he opened the side door for her.
“That won’t be nearly as much fun,” Raven replied with a pout as she sat down and buckled herself in.
She waited patiently for everyone to get into the van and Jack to drive it through the gate. “Okay, we’re on the way, now tell me why you’re nervous,” Raven prodded her friend.
“They injected me with the Moon virus two days ago,” Muriel said softly from the front seat.
Raven gasped. “Why would you let them do that?”
“So that I won’t have to watch her and my child age and die,” Jack explained. Raven could hear the irritation in his voice that he was obviously trying to hide. “Pregnancy is one of the few times that it’s safe. If Muriel contracts the virus now it’ll guarantee that it passes on to the baby. If Muriel doesn’t have the virus, it still might be passed on to the baby but it’s much less likely.”
“I’m assuming the problem lies in the fact that she was vaccinated against it,” Raven said as realization dawned on her.
“Exactly,” Muriel said. “Dr. Moon is trying to figure out how long the immunity lasts before a booster is needed and if there’s a way to mutate the virus to get around the vaccine.”
“Wait a minute! The guy doing the research now has the same last name as the guy who originally researched the vaccine? That’s a really weird coincidence. Is it his son?” Then Raven quickly did the math and shook her head. “No, I’m guessing it would have to be his grandson.”
“It’s the same guy,” Connor said.
“That’s not possible,” Raven said. “Humans don’t live that long. Why would he be working with you?”
“You can ask him when you meet him,” Connor said.
“Why can’t you just tell me?” she asked.
“It’s his story,” Connor said with a shrug.
“Oh, and he tells it so well,” Muriel added. “You really should hear it from him.”
“Fine, I’ll ask him, but I want to go on record as saying that it is really annoying when you give me these half‑ass answers,” she grumbled.
Connor laughed and reached over to pat her thigh affectionately. Raven was disappointed when he moved his hand away. Ugh! She was so screwed, and not in a good way.


Chapter Seventeen
Muriel’s claim to be nervous was actually a huge understatement. The woman was literally freaking out. It’s not like Raven had never seen people freak out about the Moon virus before. There wasn’t enough of the vaccine to go around. It was given to those most likely to come in contact with the virus and considered indispensible. That meant that many people who were at risk for exposure didn’t get vaccinated. No one got a booster, and they had no idea how long it remained effective. Muriel’s natural healing talents and need to leave the settlement regularly had earned her the vaccine when she was a child. Actually, Raven had argued with their leadership council for her to get it. Now, Raven was in the strange position of having a friend who hoped that the vaccine wouldn’t last a lifetime. Even stranger was the fact that Raven wondered if Muriel blamed her for the fact that she’d been vaccinated in the first place.
They were back at the hospital that she’d raided with her human friends. It was a cold looking building with reflective glass all around the outside. Inside, it was depressing and sterile looking, with five floors of offices and patient areas. It would have been confusing if not for the interactive touch screen map at the entrance. The map had a voice response system that apparently only worked if the lobby was quiet. She’d tried it when she’d come with her team, and the noise from the lobby made it useless. It seemed like a stupid thing to have in a noisy area.
She was seated in an annoyingly drab room with Muriel, Jack, and Connor. It had white walls with nothing hanging from them. There were strange machines and assorted stainless steel equipment all around. At least it was a big room with enough chairs for the four of them. Of course, Connor still stood by the door with his arms crossed in front of his chest. Shelby, Carla, and the other vampires were standing guard by the vehicles.
Muriel had already seen her doctor and that was an experience Raven hoped never to have again.
Muriel looked over at her and frowned. “Are you worrying that I’m blaming you for the vaccine?”
Raven laughed. “How do you do that?” Muriel had a knack for knowing what was bothering people.
Muriel shrugged. “I don’t blame you. I would have wanted the vaccine back then. Besides, you wouldn’t change what you did.”
“You’re right,” Raven conceded. “I convinced them to give you the vaccine when you were a child because I thought it was the best way to protect you. I’m still not sure I want you to get the Moon virus, but it should be your choice and I took that away from you.”
Muriel just nodded her understanding and squeezed Jack’s hand.
“It was the smart thing to do,” Connor said. “Had she been attacked by turned vampires, things would have gone very bad for her without the vaccine. You did the right thing, little nymph. Stop feeling guilty.”
“Thank you,” Raven said softly. For some reason, Connor’s words meant a lot to her.
They were going to run a series of tests to try to determine if the Moon virus had passed on to Muriel’s unborn baby. Raven never thought she’d be hoping that a baby was going to be born a vampire. Then again, she’d never had to face the possibility of having a child born mortal. Any child she had would be a wood nymph. Muriel was sure that the vaccine would wear off eventually. The problem was that they didn’t really know what would happen with the child. If it was a boy, the option was to give him HIV or cancer in order to try to change him. For some unknown reason those two diseases mutated the Moon virus so the infected person became like the born vampires. Otherwise, they’d just have to watch him age and die. With a girl, they could hope that she’d get pregnant later and could be changed then. Either way, there was a risk of them becoming turned vampires.
A sudden thought occurred to Raven. “How do you avoid infecting your blood donors?”
“The strain of the virus we carry can only pass through blood, not saliva,” Connor explained.
Satisfied with that answer, Raven’s thoughts turned to Ian as she realized that with the current condition of the world, even immortal children could easily be taken from their parents. That thought had always been disturbing, but now that she’d met so many vampires, it bothered her more. She was beginning to see how foolish the rift between the humans and the born vampires was. There was so much that could be changed if they just worked together. Well, maybe the humans shouldn’t meet all of the born vampires. Muriel’s doctor had the bedside manner of a troll with hemorrhoids, in Raven’s opinion.
“Can’t you get another doctor?” Raven asked.
“She’s really much nicer most days,” Muriel assured her. “She just doesn’t like it when Connor comes with us.”
“Why?” Raven asked as she looked over at the scowling Connor.
“He has a tendency to bark orders,” Muriel explained. “I’m not sure if you noticed that.”
Raven laughed. “Really? I hadn’t noticed that. He’s normally so sweet‑tempered.”
“Behave, Raven. Well, at least behave as much as you’re capable of behaving,” Connor said and she was surprised to hear the humor in his voice. He’d been even more serious than normal since they’d left his house.
Finally, Dr. Harold Moon walked into the examination room. Raven would be lying if she said she wasn’t shocked by his appearance. He looked like a mad scientist from the old movies but he just seemed too young. It made sense that he would look young since he’d obviously contracted the Moon virus himself, and one of the benefits was that it caused rapid regeneration of cells. No one had actually confirmed that for her, but she knew there was no other way he could still be alive. So, if you didn’t consider the lime green lab coat and the tufts of white blond hair that stuck up everywhere, he looked like your normal twenty‑five year old man. It was probably his eyes that were the most disturbing. They were a soft shade of brown that one might describe as puppy dog eyes, but they had a crazed look to them. Raven decided that she’d feel better if Muriel was only seeing Dr. Troll today.
“Oh, you brought a new friend!” Dr. Moon said with a friendly smile. His crisp British accent seemed strange with his crazed appearance. Then he studied her. “Could this be the infamous wood nymph that I keep hearing so much about?”
Okay, so his warm smile changed Raven’s mind. Dr. Moon might be a little on the crazy side, but he seemed harmless enough. “Infamous?” she asked.
“Quite,” he said. “The stories are all over the city. Some say you’re being held captive to feed Connor’s wicked carnal desires. That seems unlikely considering how dour he looks. Others say that you’ve cast a spell on him and made him your sex slave. Again, I’m sure he wouldn’t be so dour if that were the case. There are other stories going around, but those two are by far the most interesting. Admittedly, they all have to do with sex.”
“Why do all of the rumors have to do with sex?” she asked.
“Sex is rather exciting,” Dr. Moon explained. “Oh, and Connor is considered quite the catch among the ladies and some of the men.” Then he looked at Connor and gestured with a waggling finger. “You have dog fur all over your clothing. I didn’t know that anyone was keeping dogs as pets now. I used to have one. What you need is a good lint brush.”
“It’s wolf fur,” Connor said with no emotion.
Raven stifled a giggle, remembering Connor yelling at Fang to stop rolling around in his clean laundry.
Rather than looking shocked, Dr. Moon just nodded. “I suppose a wolf would shed quite a bit. I never had one of those, but I imagine a lint brush would still do the trick.”
Raven really wanted to ask him how he’d become a vampire, but she wasn’t quite sure how to start that conversation.
“Raven wants to hear how you became a vampire,” Jack said, saving her the trouble of finding a polite way to ask.
She glared at Jack, and he winked at her.
“Ah, well,” Dr. Moon said, “I’m afraid this story doesn’t exactly portray me in a very positive light.”
“You’ve more than made up for your past mistakes,” Connor assured him. He was still leaning against the wall with his arms crossed in front of his chest as if he were guarding the room. Raven suspected that was truer than he’d admitted.
“I don’t understand,” Raven said. “You created the vaccine for the Moon virus. You saved many lives.”
He shook his head a little too vigorously. “I created the virus, and I’m not sure one can make up for destroying the lives of millions and bringing about the end of a country,” he said with a sad smile. He looked directly at Raven. “In truth, I didn’t know what I was doing. I was told it was a new form of lethal injection.”
“What’s lethal injection?” Raven asked. She’d never heard those terms used together, and they sounded far from innocent.
“Most of the humans in the country who were executed were given injections of poisons,” Connor explained.
Raven nodded her understanding. They still executed humans in her settlement for certain crimes but most were hung.
“There was always an argument about how cruel it was,” Dr. Moon continued. “Honestly, I didn’t believe in the death penalty, but I thought that creating a more humane method was a good idea. The virus was tested on rats and they reacted quickly, merely falling asleep. There didn’t seem to be any physical distress, and we could give it orally or intravenously. I was moved to a different facility to work on a drug to reverse it, in case the need arose. Apparently, that was when they started the human experiments. I didn’t hear about them until much later. When I learned what had happened and heard the people I worked with calling it the Moon virus, I injected myself. It was actually a cowardly move on my part because I already had stage four lung cancer. I was going to die anyway, and I could have tried to save people first. I just didn’t think beyond my own guilt. Obviously, that happened before people started to rise. Several others on my research team also injected themselves. There were, of course, many who didn’t care about the loss of life. Those of us with cancer or HIV didn’t die, we just changed. We left and kept ourselves hidden for years. When we heard about the cities springing up, I decided that I might finally be able to make amends for my past sins.”
“It sounds like you were tricked and shouldn’t be so hard on yourself,” Raven assured him.
He gave her another sad smile. “As much as I would like to believe that, it’s a lie. In truth, I always suspected more was involved. Deep down I knew they would never use a dangerous virus for executions and risk it spreading. I worried about the possibility of chemical warfare, yet I continued to work on the virus.”
Raven wasn’t sure what to say. He was right; he had created the virus that ended life in this land as the humans knew it. Had he not created the virus, her mom would still be alive. Connor would have had a normal human childhood. He wouldn’t have the scars on his back. She would have never met Connor and as much as she hated to admit it, she was glad she’d met him. It was then that she knew what to say.
“We can’t change the past. All we can do is try to move forward. You’re doing that by trying to help now.”
“You are a wise woman,” Dr. Moon said. “Now, let’s see what’s going on with that baby.”
* * * *
Two hours later Muriel was exhausted. Dr. Troll and Dr. Moon had informed her that the Moon virus had passed on to her baby but so had the antibodies from the vaccine. No one knew for sure what that would mean for the baby. In more surprising news, it was still attacking her system. The vaccine was slowing it down but not killing it. There was a chance that she might change this pregnancy and if she didn’t, Dr. Moon was sure she’d change with the next pregnancy.
Raven was so happy that she threw her arms around Connor and hugged him. He hugged her back awkwardly, obviously surprised by her move.
Connor reached up with one hand and stroked her hair. “You really amaze me sometimes,” he said softly and then quickly pulled away from her. He ducked his head, obviously embarrassed by his admission.
“We need to hurry up and get out of here,” Connor said, barking orders in a way that made Dr. Troll scowl at them from across the room where she was looking at Muriel’s chart.
“He’s right,” Jack said as he took Muriel’s hand. “The roads are even more dangerous after dark.”


Chapter Eighteen
The trip home was quiet, mostly because Muriel was exhausted after her appointment. Raven hoped that her friend wasn’t getting her hopes up too much. Everyone had repeated several times that the baby still might not be born with the virus active. They really didn’t have enough data on this sort of thing. Muriel wasn’t the first human to try this, but she was the only one who’d received the vaccine.
Raven watched as Jack reached across to touch Muriel’s hand. She would be lying if she said that she wasn’t a little bit envious of their intimacy. Maybe it was just the longing to be touched. Maybe it was just the sex that she missed. Raven hadn’t been with a partner in over a year. She’d had to give up her last sexual partner when he’d started to have feelings for another human. She just hadn’t found anyone to replace him after that. It wasn’t easy finding a man who understood her needs.
It had been a huge adjustment for her when she’d started living among humans. They viewed sex in a much different way than the wood nymphs did. Men often assumed that she had strong feelings for them if she had sex with them. It had taken a long time to learn which humans were acceptable as partners and which humans would think she wanted more. It wasn’t that she didn’t derive emotional comfort from sex. It was just that it was more of a physical need than a show of emotion for her. She’d met wood nymphs with mates who said it was more than a physical act with their mate, but she didn’t expect to have that in her life. It’s not that she didn’t want a mate. She’d just never met a human who she wanted to have as her mate. She’d never met one who would be willing to take on a spirit of the woods for her.
Watching Jack and Muriel, she couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to have that kind of bond. That’s how it had been for her parents and why her mother had been willing to give up so much for a man who refused to join their world. For years, Raven had hated her father for that fact. That was until she’d learned that in his human life he felt a great loyalty to his country, and he was responsible for the support and care of his disabled mother. It had been much easier to hate the man before she’d known his reasoning for not joining her mother. It had been much easier before she’d known how much being away from her mother hurt him.
“Are you okay?” Connor asked from the seat beside her. He didn’t take his eyes off of the road as they neared the vampire settlement. There had been an unexplained increase in attacks by turned vampires, and his unease about these recent attacks was obvious.
“It’s been a strange day,” Raven admitted.
He turned to her just long enough to give her an amused grin but turned back to the road before speaking. “I bet you never expected to be hoping someone would become a vampire.”
She let out a nervous laugh. “No, and especially not an innocent baby. I never really considered the possibility that there could be any benefits from contracting the Moon virus. Even after I got here and realized that I was wrong about vampires, I still wouldn’t have wanted Muriel to become one.”
“Born vampires,” he corrected her. “You were right about the turned ones.”
She nodded but since he wasn’t looking at her, she felt a little silly after doing it. “I’ve lost a lot of friends over the years. Most died from human illnesses but a large number died in vampire attacks.”
“It must be hard getting attached to humans,” he said and gave her a quick glance. “I never really thought about that until now. In my defense, I’ve never had any human friends. Even if they don’t get killed by turned vampires, they’ll get sick or grow old and die. They’re very fragile.” His insightful words shocked her. She’d been trying to figure out her own feelings and he’d just described them perfectly.
“Exactly,” she said. “I think that’s why I can understand Jack’s desire to make Muriel immortal.”
“I never even considered the possibility that she might die when we first met,” Jack said softly. “I know how stupid that sounds, but it just never occurred to me. All I knew was that I was the luckiest man in the world.”
Raven was guessing by Muriel’s lack of response that her friend had dozed off.
“I avoided getting too attached to any of the humans for a very long time. It was actually decades. I mean, I cared and mourned their passing to some extent, but my father was the only human I truly allowed myself to love,” Raven admitted. “It was Layla, one of the girls on my team in the woods, who first got to me. I was considering returning to the woods. My father had been gone for years and I was lonely. Then I met this frightened little girl wandering around the settlement. She was probably two at the time. Layla’s mother was never very good at taking care of her. I started keeping her with me most of the time and I practically raised her. Actually, she ended up living with me full‑time when she was seven. We’re not sure what happened but one day her mom just wandered off. Shortly after I started taking care of Layla, I found myself collecting other children who had either lost parents or had parents that just didn’t care anymore. My team, the ones I sacrificed my freedom for, are children that I raised to some extent. It’s funny that I ended up with them. The children are usually sequestered away from us. Now, it’s actually worse. I don’t think I’ve seen more than a handful of young children in a decade.”
This time Connor turned and stared at her with an unreadable look. “So you weren’t just saving a small group of humans, those were your children.”
“I suppose so,” she agreed. “It’s kind of a strange relationship since some of them look older than me now. That was never a problem with the females, but the males could get a little overprotective at times. I was kind of worried that they wouldn’t go along with my surrender. Luckily, Danny was the only male with us that day.”
“They must have thought you could escape,” Jack said.
“Yes,” Raven said with a sad smile. “None of us knew that it would be the last time we’d ever see each other.”
Connor quickly looked away. It was a long time before he broke the silence again. “I’m sorry, Raven.”
She swallowed back her own tears, not really sure why she was suddenly feeling so weepy. Maybe it was just the memories of her old life. Maybe it was the memories of the children she’d raised and would never see again. Or maybe it was Connor’s apology that was her undoing. Whatever the reason, she was glad that no one spoke the rest of the trip home. She wasn’t sure she could have held it together if they had.


Chapter Nineteen
Graham couldn’t believe the stupidity of his underlings. He was glad that Roger and Miles weren’t here to listen to this latest update. “How hard can it be to catch them when they’re away from the settlement? I understand that getting inside of their gated area might be difficult, but he has to take the nymph out or she’ll die.” Then Graham wondered if the nymph was already dead. Maybe the blood brat had drained her. That was really hard to do with a wood nymph because their blood regenerated rapidly. Still, maybe he wasn’t taking her out enough. That could weaken her. He could be sharing her with other blood brats too. They were little more than animals. “Have they been spotted at all?”
“Yes,” The man standing before him responded. This time he’d showered before coming to Graham. Even clean, the man had a dirty look to him. His dark hair was cut unevenly and his face was unshaven. His clothes were the typical handmade styles that most wore. They were probably the same ones he’d worn before showering, if the smell was any indication. At least he was clean enough that Graham didn’t feel like throwing up this time.
Graham tapped his fingers on the table, waiting for more than just that one word answer. He finally let out a deep sigh. He was surrounded by idiots most days. “Details?” he prodded.
“She’s been out to the wooded area closest to the vampire settlement twice. The blood brat named Connor is always with her. We haven’t gotten close enough to hear them, but the turned vampires that saw him before confirmed it was him.”
“Why aren’t you getting closer?” Graham asked, making no attempt to keep the annoyance from his voice.
“They’re always surrounded by heavily armed vampires and a wolf,” the man explained.
Great, he was back to the wolf nonsense. Graham was going to assign someone else to this team; someone more aggressive. “I’m sending more vampires out. There should be no excuse for failing to catch her the next time she’s in the woods. I still don’t see why you didn’t just attack when you saw them. So what if the guards were armed? You had the element of surprise on your side.”
The man shifted uncomfortably. “There have been some attacks on vehicles on the roads heading into the city. They’ve made the blood brats more cautious.”
Graham cursed under his breath. “I assume these attacks occurred because you thought the nymph was in one of the vehicles?”
The man shook his head wildly. “The attacks had nothing to do with us. There was an outbreak of the Moon virus in the settlement at the old Oakland Army base. It was pretty bad. I’m not sure if any of the uninfected humans survived. From the number of newly turned vampires we’ve seen, I would guess that the people who didn’t turn were torn to pieces.”
“Damn!” Graham shouted. This was a real tragedy. He could have infected all of those people so they could’ve joined his army. What a fucking waste. Worse, they were probably responsible for the tightened security which was making it harder to get his hands on the wood nymph. He silently cursed his bad luck.
“Well, I guess the ones that didn’t turn could have gone to another settlement for help,” the idiot mused.
Graham glared at the idiot wondering if he was just now realizing this was a possibility. Sure, most humans had sunk to the level of the poor from before the virus, but they were smart enough to know they didn’t want to be around when the newly turned vampires woke up. They weren’t going to sit there for three days waiting for the new vampires to rise. The smart thing would have been to burn the entire base down or cut off the heads of the vampires before they rose, but few people had the balls to desecrate the bodies of their loved ones. Most people were sentimental morons.
Graham must have been caught up in his own musings too long because the idiot was speaking again.
“Maybe you should send out a hunting team to kill off some of those newly turned vampires before we try to capture the nymph. If things settle down they should let up on the security and it’ll be easier to grab her.”
Graham really was done with this idiot. “So, I should send one of my teams out when they might end up killing my vampires by mistake? I don’t really have time to wait. Go out and bring back the teams we’ve sent out. I’m going to send some newer vampires with you now as extra guards. After you bring everyone back, I’ll explain the plan for attacking the blood brat settlement. We should be ready to attack in a week. After that, I want you to bring them all back here and hole up for a couple of weeks. The blood brats will clean out the turned vampires after that. They won’t tolerate an attack on their own home.”
This might be a suicide mission for most of the humans involved. The newly turned vampires from the army base would tear through anything in their path. That was why he decided to leave the idiot in place for now. He’d worry about sending out a less expendable replacement after the blood brats cleaned out of the woods.


Chapter Twenty
Connor wasn’t surprised when he found Raven out in the garden again. She spent most of her days out there. It was funny because he didn’t have a garden before her arrival. There were some dead patches of grass and an old oak tree. It was the oak tree that seemed to draw her out there first. Anywhere they went, she found them and gravitated toward them. Oh, she liked other trees too, but the oaks were her favorite. Since Raven’s arrival a month ago, many native flowers and plants had mysteriously sprung up. She convinced him to get her seeds so that she could grow her own food. Those had also sprung up at a miraculous rate.
He was surprised that the wolf wasn’t in the yard with her. Of course, if he wasn’t in the yard, Connor knew the beast was in his bed. With as much fur as Fang left in Connor’s bed, the wolf should be completely bald.
Turned vampires were still a big problem in the forest. They were forced to bring several guards with them on Raven’s outings. This was good because it didn’t allow them to have too many intimate moments. It also kept her too distracted to notice his reaction to the woods around them. The bad thing about the guards was that he hadn’t seen her act as wild and unrestrained since their first time out alone. He missed that. She tried hard to appear human with the guards around. It was strange to admit that he missed the green flush to her cheeks when she was truly immersed in the woods.
Connor adjusted his pants to make his erection a little more comfortable. This was becoming a constant problem for him lately. He was sure that it was because he hadn’t been over to see Norah in too long.
Having Raven in his house was like having a child. He couldn’t go anywhere because he had to watch her. He had to watch her softly caressing the flowers or standing in the rain as it molded her wet clothes to her body. Okay, so maybe it wasn’t exactly like having a child, but it was still annoying. Mostly, it was arousing and that pissed him off.
She turned toward him with a brilliant smile on her face, but it faded when her eyes met his. Connor cursed and turned away. She had no problem sharing those smiles with Shelby or Carla. Even Jack got smiles. That’s how Connor knew that it wasn’t just her distrust of vampires. She had a problem with him. Then he had to wonder why she’d gone to so much effort to rescue him from the turned vamps. She could have easily left him to die and disappeared. Then she would have been free of the blood bond. She’d saved him, but she still acted like she hated him half the time. She was the most contrary woman he’d ever met.
Raven wasn’t sure why it hurt so much when Connor scowled at her. She’d seen him laugh with his friends plenty of times, but most of the time he was angry with her. Okay, there were times when they got along fine, but even then there was an undercurrent of tension with him. Mostly, in her presence, he seemed like he wanted to be anywhere else. There were times when she almost wanted to apologize before she remembered that he could send her away if she annoyed him that much. She let out a sad sigh as she sat on the ground and hugged her knees to her chest. He couldn’t let her go and she knew that. She just needed to settle into her new life. It would be easier if things were less strained with Connor.
Connor stormed into the yard. “We’re going out,” he announced and stalked toward the side gate as if he expected her to follow along obediently.
Yeah, that wasn’t going to happen.
“Good morning, Connor,” she said in an overly cheerful voice. “Yes, I’m doing quite well today, thank you so much for asking. And how are you?”
Connor turned around and let out a frustrated sigh. “Are you done being a smart ass?”
She pretended to think about his question. “Yes, I believe I am. Are you done being a dumbass?”
He chuckled and held the gate open as he motioned for her to go through it.
When she didn’t move he nearly growled.
She decided this wasn’t worth fighting over so she stood up and dusted the dirt off of her pants before walking out to the jeep. She climbed in and was annoyed when he didn’t say anything about where they were going.
The ride was tense. Or, she should say Connor was tense during the ride. Raven decided to try being the bigger person. They were stuck together so maybe it was time to come to a truce. They got along part of the time and they could get along more.
“I wanted to thank you for letting me start the garden. I also really appreciate how kind you’ve been to Fang. He really likes you,” she said and placed a hand on his thigh.
Connor hissed and slammed on the brake which caused Raven’s body to jerk forward. “How would you like to thank me, Raven?” he asked. His voice sounded strained.
Raven felt her heartbeat quicken and she carefully undid her seatbelt. There was definitely something wrong. Connor’s heated gaze hadn’t left hers, and she could tell he was on edge. Actually, he looked like he was ready to attack. Her hand reached out for the door handle.
“Don’t run, Raven,” he rasped out. “I’m a predator and in my current frame of mind, I can guarantee that you won’t like the end result if you run.”
Raven tried to keep her voice calm. “You would really chase after me? That seems a little barbaric, even for you.”
“I will chase you down and when I catch you, I will sink my fangs into your sweet flesh while I fuck you. You’ll let me do it too. I remember how much you wanted me the last time I took your blood. You’ll hate me later, but you’ll still enjoy every second of it.”
Raven wished his words didn’t have such a strong impact on her. She actually wanted to open the door and run just to force him to do it. Her body ached with desire. It wasn’t a new sensation for her. She found herself craving his touch frequently. Before her time with the humans, it would have been enough that they both wanted each other. Living with humans had made her more cautious. She knew how awkward things could get after sex with a human, and she suspected the same was true for vampires. Connor might want her now, but when he was sated he’d regret it. The question was, did she care? Her eyes shifted from him to the door handle and her hand flexed. Then she looked back at Connor.
They stared at each other for a long time before Raven finally dropped her eyes and moved her hand away from the door. No, she had to live with Connor. She couldn’t afford to make things any more uncomfortable between them. She put her seatbelt back on and they drove the rest of the way in silence.
Connor deposited her at Jack and Muriel’s house without a word to her.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Jack asked him.
When Connor spun around Jack obviously saw something that frightening him a little. He put himself between Connor and Raven. “We’ll keep Raven here until after dinner. Muriel’s been missing her anyway. Just go take care of things.”
Connor gave a curt nod before climbing back into his jeep and driving away.


Chapter Twenty‑One
Norah smiled at Connor when she saw him at her door. “Long time no see,” she said. “Where’s your nymph? I still haven’t met her, and I hear she’s something else.”
“I got a sitter,” Connor said as he pushed her into the house and kissed her.
As always, Norah was warm and welcoming. She never turned him away. He’d never deluded himself into thinking that it was because she loved him. They’d known each other since childhood. During their teens they’d experimented with sex together. Neither of them had been virgins, but they’d both wanted to know what it was like with someone who actually cared about you. It had been easy and fun, and they‘d always been friends. That all ended when Norah met the love of her life. After his death, she found her way back to Connor. She needed the physical part without the complications. She needed a friend. That was what Connor needed now to get rid of this ache that Raven caused in him.
There was just one problem . . .
Norah pushed on Connor’s chest and he pulled back. “You know, it’s not exactly flattering to have a guy come in with an erection and lose it when he touches me.”
Connor was annoyed to realize that she was right. He’d been painfully aroused all morning, but now he had nothing. Then he felt guilty. “I’m sorry,” he said and hugged her.
She hugged him back and smiled into his shoulder. “I felt the same way with you right after I met Rand.”
He jerked back. “What are you trying to say?”
“Nothing that everyone else isn’t already saying,” she said with a laugh. “You’re so hot for the wood nymph you brought back that you can’t stand being away from her. From what I hear, you stick close to her as much as possible.”
“What choice do I have?” he asked. “You know I can’t let her go or I’ll look weak. I have to guard her. There are plenty of people here who want to hurt her. Some would do it to get at me. Others hate her because she lived with the humans for so long.”
“She might have had a bunch of enemies when she first got here but not now. Sure, there are still some who don’t like her, but they don’t want to hurt her. I’ve talked to a lot of people about her. She’s big news. Even Ian seems to be warming up to her, and you know he hates just about everyone.”
Connor sighed. That was all true. Raven was fitting in well. She didn’t seem to realize it, but most of the vampires really liked her. The parents all loved her because of how good she was with their kids at school. The others liked her for answering their questions so easily. “I still can’t let her go.”
“With the blood bond, you could leave her with someone else all day. You could even let her live with someone else,” Norah argued. “You don’t have to watch her. Why not just leave her at Jack and Muriel’s? I hear she and Muriel are good friends. Why not let her stay with Shelby and Carla? According to them, they consider her one of their closest friends. Any of them could keep her safe.”
“She stays with me,” Connor said firmly.
“I think that proves my point,” she said, giving him a playful swat on his shoulder. “So what are you gonna do about it?”
“Nothing,” he said. “Raven hates me. Everyone else gets sweet smiles, I get frowns.”
She laughed at him. “Oh, did the big bad vampire get his feelings hurt?” she teased in a mock baby voice. Then she laughed even harder when he scowled at her. “You look like a pouty little boy. I doubt she hates you, but can you blame her for not welcoming you with open arms? You took her captive and then you collared her. As if that wasn’t bad enough, you forced her into a blood bond. You took away any hope she had of returning to her old life.”
“She volunteered!” he insisted. “You know I planned to let all of those humans go. She’s the one who opened her big mouth and volunteered to take their place. It was a stupid move on her part. The same thing with the blood bond. I wouldn’t have let Ian keep that woman and her kids. All she had to do was keep her mouth shut.”
“She had no way of knowing any of that. What would you have done if your people had been in danger?” she asked.
Connor sighed. “Fine, I see your point. I would’ve done the same thing. I can’t deny that she’s brave. Hell, she saved my life.”
“Do tell?” Norah said. She sat down and patted the spot on the sofa beside her.
Connor sat down and smiled at the memory. “We got cornered by about a dozen turned vamps when I took her out alone to commune with nature.”
“They snuck up on you?”
He shifted uncomfortably. “Yeah, I was thinking with my dick. I was so caught up in Raven that I wasn’t paying attention. I thought we had that area swept clean, but apparently I was wrong. I figured it would be easier for me to fight without trying to protect Raven at the same time so I sent her off.”
“Sent her off?” Norah asked. “How could she have gone anywhere if you were surrounded?”
“No joke, it seemed like the trees swallowed her up,” he said. “She just faded into them.”
“So you were able to fight your way out then?”
“Nope,” he said. “I managed to get a knife out, but I was seriously about to get torn to pieces. All of a sudden Raven comes out of the woods surrounded by a pack of wolves. She was just standing there like some warrior queen. I couldn’t have pulled off a scarier stance. Those turned vamps couldn’t get away from her fast enough.”
Norah let out a low whistle. “Well damn, Con. I think this girl may be your perfect match.”
“Except that she hates me,” he reminded her.
“Then why did she save your sorry ass?” she asked. “She must care at least a little or you’d be dead. She could have let those turned vamps sever your head and end her blood bond. She traded her freedom for your life; just like she traded her freedom for the lives of her friends.”
Connor felt awed and humbled by that realization once more. He still couldn’t believe she’d done it.
“She’s too good for me.”
“Without a doubt,” Norah said. “Rand was too good for me. Muriel is much too good for Jack.”
Connor stood up and pulled her to her feet. He hugged her close. “You’re still my best friend.”
“Ditto,” she said. “I want to meet her. I know you haven’t let me because you didn’t want her to know we were doing it. Now we aren’t so you have no excuse.”
“Fine,” he said. “I’ll bring her by soon. She’s probably in a foul mood after dealing with my temper.”
Connor stayed to visit with Norah a little longer but it wasn’t easy. He was anxious to get back to Raven. Finally, Norah laughed at his inattention and kicked him out of her house.


Chapter Twenty‑Two
“I am sick and tired of his brooding,” Raven complained to Muriel as she paced back and forth in the living room. At first, she’d refused to talk about it. Now that she’d started talking about it, her anger was quickly escalating. “I certainly didn’t ask to be kept prisoner by a stupid vampire.” She gave Jack an apologetic look. “No offense meant to you, Jack. I didn’t mean that vampires are stupid, just that Connor is stupid and he’s also vampire.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Jack said with his usual cocky grin and then went back to the book he was reading. Much to Raven’s amazement, Jack had a huge collection of old books. She hadn’t seen a book in paper in over fifty years.
“He’s been even moodier since I saved his life in the woods. I’ll bet he’s intimidated by powerful women,” she said.
Jack snorted and Muriel smacked him on the back of the head.
“I’ll bet he’s the type that goes all caveman like with women. Probably tosses them over his shoulder and takes them off to have his way with them.” Now, why was that thought arousing her?
“I always got the impression that you liked that type of guy in bed. You told me that you like it a little on the rough side with an alpha male,” Muriel said.
Jack put down the book and leaned forward. “I can read later.”
They ignored him.
“Do you know what he threatened to do on the way over here?” she asked. “Oh, I know it was just to scare me and put me in my place, but I still can’t believe he said it.”
“What did he threaten to do?” Muriel asked.
“He said that vampires like the chase and that if I ran he would chase me down and,” she gestured wildly.
“I get the picture,” Muriel said with a giggle.
“I’m sure he didn’t mean it,” Raven said.
“Oh, he meant it,” Jack said. “If you don’t want it to end with you flat on your back, I would not push him on that. Con is seriously about to lose control with you.”
“Jack!” Muriel screeched. “You’ll scare her. You know as well as I do that Connor would never force himself on her.”
Jack snorted. “I know as well as you do that he wouldn’t have to. We’re all placing bets on when it’s going to happen.” He looked at Raven and smiled. “Try to hold out for eight more days so I can win.”
Raven just stood there with her mouth hanging open. Did everyone know that she was attracted to Connor? Luckily, a knock at the door saved her from further discussion.
Jack got up and let Connor in.
“Thanks for watching her,” Connor said, obviously just as tense as he’d been when he’d dropped her off earlier.
“I can tell by your mood that you didn’t take care of business,” Jack said. “Maybe Raven should stay here longer. We can bring her home in the morning. Or, eight days from now,” he said under his breath which earned him another smack from Muriel.
“No,” Connor snapped. “We’re going home, now.”
“Thank you for having me over,” Raven said politely to Jack and Muriel before pushing her way past Connor and climbing into the jeep.
Connor was quiet and scowling the entire drive home. Raven wished he would just leave her with Jack and Muriel, but she understood why he didn’t. Her captivity made him look like the big strong leader. Sometimes it was hard to remember that the vampires weren’t the same as the humans they resembled. Her cheeks flushed as she remembered his threat from earlier that day.
“I take it your business didn’t go well?” she asked.
He let out a bark of laughter and then continued scowling.
As he pulled into the driveway, Raven felt her temper snap. “You know what? You’re an ass! I’ve been trying really hard to be nice to you today. All you ever do is glare at me. What exactly do I have to do to get you to stop being angry with me all of the time? I know you aren’t happy about being stuck with me, but I didn’t exactly ask to be here. If we’re stuck with each other it would be nice if things weren’t so strained all of the time. Seriously, what the hell will it take to make you smile sometimes?”
“You wanna know what you can do to make me smile?” he asked softly. “Go upstairs, take off your clothes, and let me fuck you until you scream.”
Raven swallowed hard. “You’re just trying to scare me. We both know you don’t want me.”
“If you don’t want me in you, then I suggested you drop your challenging gaze, very slowly climb out of the jeep, and walk up to your room,” he practically growled at her.
Her gaze locked with his. “What if I do want you in me?”
He leaned closer. “Then run.”
Raven stared at him for a long moment, trying to get her mind to work as she slowly undid her seatbelt. Her hand grasped the door handle as she grabbed the key to the front door from the center console. She bolted for the front door and barely managed to get the key in the lock before Connor planted a hand on each side of her head.
“I’m disappointed, little nymph,” he said against the side of her neck. “I expected more of a challenge.”
As soon as the key turned in the lock, Raven slammed her body back against Connor’s. He probably outweighed her by a hundred pounds, but he was caught off guard by her maneuver and it sent him stumbling back. She used that time to hurry through the front door, slam it shut, and lock it. She knew it wouldn’t stop him, only slow him down. Oh, she wasn’t pretending that she didn’t want him to catch her. It was far too late to deny what she wanted. He’d given her an out and she hadn’t taken it. The truth was that Muriel was right; she liked alpha males. She was a strong female and something primitive in her wanted Connor to prove that he was man enough for her.
She raced up the stairs to the sound of him slamming his body against the front door. As she reached the top step, the door splintered. She turned to see him standing in the doorway. His breathing was labored and his lips were parted slightly to reveal his fangs. When his eyes met hers, she turned and fled toward her bedroom.
She didn’t manage to get the door shut before he slammed into the room and stalked toward her. Raven moved back until the back of her legs hit the mattress.
“Nowhere else to run,” he practically growled, “and much too late to change your mind.”
Connor leaned in and kissed her. The kiss was tentative at first, as though he were asking her if she really was okay with what was about to happen. She wasn’t interested in his gentle wooing. She tugged at his hair to get his mouth closer to hers. His fangs cut into her lip and he groaned then pulled back.
“Did I hurt you,” he asked. There was a strange mix of concern and raw desire in his voice.
“A little bit,” she panted out.
“Did you mind?” he asked as his fangs grazed her neck.
“No,” she gasped, “I didn’t mind at all. Bite me now!”
“Not until my cock is buried deep inside of you,” he said against her throat. “Or are you telling me that you need me to bite you again to get your aroused?”
“If I get any more aroused I might climax without being touched.”
He chuckled. “I wouldn’t want that to happen.” He shoved her down onto the bed and then stood back. “Undress for me,” he ordered.
She raised an eyebrow.
“I caught you, you belong to me,” he said with a playful grin. “Do it now.”
Raven slowly stripped her shirt over her head and then she undid her jeans and slid them off.
“Take the rest off,” he ordered.
She did as he said, and when she was completely naked she knelt on the bed before him. He climbed up onto the bed and guided her onto her back. Then he took her legs and put them over his shoulders as he settled between them.
“I’ve been dying to do this again,” he said as he allowed his fangs to graze her thigh. He inhaled deeply. “Your scent is like a drug.”
Raven felt his hot breath against her clit and then his tongue was on her. He was moving too slowly and her patience was wearing thin. She clutched at his hair and squirmed against his mouth.
“Don’t move,” he ordered.
“Please,” she said.
“Oh, I like the sound of that,” he said with a grin. “I’ve got a better idea.” He rolled onto his back and encouraged her to straddle his face. Raven moaned when his tongue started to move against her again. When she started to rock her hips he slapped her ass.
“Don’t move,” he ordered and then he slowed down his pace again.
“Please, Connor,” she begged. “I need you to move faster.”
“Good girl,” he said against her sensitive flesh. “I like it when you beg me.” He sucked her clit into his mouth hard. Raven climaxed in a violent storm that left her screaming. Connor flipped her onto her stomach, slipped a pillow under her hips, and plunged into her with one violent thrust that rocked the bed. Raven screamed out again as he filled her completely. It had been so long, and he was so big that she felt stretched to the limit.
Connor leaned forward and sank his fangs into her neck. Just like the day of the blood bond, she felt her arousal escalate. Even though she had just climaxed, she felt insane with need and she wiggled against him. When Connor was done feeding from her blood he started to move against her again. He thrust hard and fast until she was ready to climax and then he slowed down his pace until she moved away from the edge. It was the sweetest torture she’d ever experienced. She heard the needy mewling sounds and distantly realized they were coming from her throat.
After what felt like hours, he finally thrust into her so hard that her orgasm vibrated through her entire body. “Ah, fuck, Raven,” he groaned as she felt him twitch inside of her.
Connor removed the pillow and then lay down. He pulled her close and nuzzled her hair. “That was even better than I imagined it would be,” he said in a sleepy voice. “I’m sorry for being an ass earlier. I promise that I’ll try to do better.”
“Thank you,” she said softly.
She knew in that moment that she could never return to her old life. She’d given herself to a vampire and she had no doubt that she would again. Her heart was torn. Well, in truth it had been for some time now. She’d wanted to find excuses to hate Connor, but he hadn’t given her any. As a wood nymph, she’d known from the beginning that her body recognized him as a potential mate. Since the day he’d saved Fang, that feeling had only grown stronger. Too many years with humans had allowed her to write it off as simple lust at first. She knew that wasn’t the case though. She wasn’t putting a bunch of romantic notions on it, but she’d been trained to recognize the draw of a male who would make a good mate.
Raven frowned, feeling frightened and confused. Connor might feel the attraction too, but as near as she could tell, vampires were a lot like humans in their courtship rituals. He hadn’t been acting like humans did when they wanted to have an emotional tie with someone. What had she gotten herself into? If they weren’t already in her bed, she might try to slip away to hide.
“I wish I could stay here all day,” Connor mumbled sleepily against the back of her neck.
Raven felt the urge to comfort him. “You’re exhausted,” she said as she stroked his cheek. “Would it really hurt for you to take a little nap?”
He smiled with his eyes still closed. “It’s your fault I’m exhausted. You wore me out, little nymph.”
“It’s more than that,” she said. “You’ve been under too much pressure.”
“There’s a lot going on,” he said, and his eyes barely opened as he regarded her through his lashes. “What the hell am I going to do with you, Raven?”
“I’ve got a few suggestions,” she said with a playful smile. It was time to lighten the mood.
He chuckled softly. “You know, I didn’t even consider the possibility that I might get you pregnant. I kind of feel like a douche bag for that.”
Her brow furrowed in confusion. “What’s a douche bag?” she asked.
“Very funny,” he said. “I get that nymphs might not have them but certainly humans do.”
“I don’t think so,” she said after some thought. “There are a lot of things that they had before but don’t have now.”
He laughed again. “That explains why Muriel was so confused with the term at first. She was kind of shy around me so she never said she didn’t understand. She just looked a little lost.”
“So, what is it?” Raven asked again.
“Ask Shelby to explain.” he said. “My point is that I should have considered the possibility of getting you pregnant. I’m sorry.”
She waved a dismissive hand. “You don’t need to worry about that. I know when I’m fertile. All of my people do. I would have warned you if there was a chance that I could have conceived. I’m actually only fertile twice a year.”
“Really?” he asked. “I mean, I was kind of wondering why you hadn’t asked me for women’s stuff.” His cheeks flushed slightly, and she couldn’t resist the urge to tease him.
“What kind of women’s stuff?” she asked.
“You know,” he said and waited for her to say she understood. “The stuff you need for your woman time.”
Then she laughed at him.
He rolled on top of her and pinned her to the bed. “Hasn’t anyone ever warned you about the dangers of teasing a vampire?”
“Seems to be working out pretty well for me so far,” she said and pulled his head down until his lips met hers.


Chapter Twenty‑Three
“How did this happen to you?” Raven asked sleepily. She’d woken up twenty minutes ago when Connor had slid inside of her again. Well, first she’d heard him shooing Fang off of the bed and then he’d slid inside of her. Now they were both lying sated in the bed with her head resting on his back as she traced the many scars. “Not the scars. I mean, I’m curious about those too, but the vampire part was what I was really asking about.”
“My mother was an elementary school teacher,” he said with no emotion at all. “The year that it all happened, they required the teachers and students to get flu shots because of some really scary flu outbreak in China. It had everyone terrified of a pandemic killing off half of the country, so the government ordered it for everyone without religious objections. I’m sure there were some people who didn’t get the vaccines, but most of them did. The Moon virus was added to the flu vaccines in certain areas. As you’ve already heard, the virus reacts differently during pregnancy. Instead of turning my mother into one of the crazed turned vampires, she became a blood whore to be used by the humans.”
“What’s a blood whore?” Raven asked. She felt foolish for not knowing, but she hadn’t been part of the human world in the early days of the Moon virus. Her father had told her some of it, but not everything. He’d always insisted that some things were too ugly to revisit.
“That was the term used to describe the people who sold their bodies for blood. I always thought slave was a more accurate term because we didn’t have any choice in the matter. When it all started, the people who weren’t crazed, like my mother, trusted the government and the other humans to take care of them. They figured they had this horrible disease and no one would let them suffer. Well, the government wasn’t sure what to do with them and didn’t believe that they wouldn’t suddenly become crazed killers.”
“I suppose that makes sense since it was all new,” Raven said hesitantly. “What did they do?”
“Well,” Connor said, “since they’d just released the virus into all of the prisons, they had a lot of open places to put the vampires that they didn’t know what to do with. I was born on the floor of a prison cell with no medical intervention. No one wanted to risk exposure to the virus.”
Raven gasped “That’s awful!”
“Yeah, well it got much worse,” Connor said. “Shortly after I was born, it was decided that we weren’t human so we didn’t have the same rights as humans did. They were still afraid we’d go out and start biting people, or so they said. The government forced us to live in communities that we couldn’t leave. They assigned people to oversee our care.” Connor let out a bark of laughter which startled Raven. “Sorry, I’m just still amused that they referred to it as our care. There were all sorts of lines about how it was for our protection, but essentially I lived in a rundown little house with no electricity because they figured we didn’t eat real food and we didn’t deserve heat. By the way, we can eat human food and my mother had a hard time adjusting to not having it. Actually, a lot of the original vampires did, and it drove some of them insane because they believed that they were starving.”
“So, you just got moved from one prison to another,” she said and rubbed her cheek against his back. “Did you at least have running water?”
“We only had running water because they wanted us clean. In fact, we were required to be clean at all times. They provided us with clothing and it was expected to be kept in good repair. Since none of us were human, the people who managed the communities were allowed to sell our bodies. They avoided using the smaller kids because it might have looked bad for them and there were already some groups that were protesting the way we were treated. Most of us were free from being used until we were at least thirteen. Some weren’t so lucky. Simon attracted people early on. I’m not sure about the details because he’s never talked about it, but he was only twelve when he was forced to start taking clients. He still doesn’t really like being touched. Now, don’t think they just fed us until we were old enough to use. They didn’t care if we died. Most of the parents didn’t even care anymore. My mom took in a lot of extra kids, and that meant she had to work really hard to keep us all fed.”
“What happened if the children didn’t have anyone to take care of them?” Raven asked, unsure if she really wanted to know the answer.
“They were taken away,” Connor said and wouldn’t look at her. “I heard that some were used for experiments, but I don’t know if that’s true. If someone was taken away, we never saw them again. Hopefully they just killed them. I’m sure it would have been better that way.”
“What caused the scars on your back?” she asked.
“One of my regular customers liked to beat the hell out of me with a whip,” he said and there was just a faint edge of anger to his voice. “She wasn’t the only one, but she did it weekly and liked to leave my shirt on while she did it. I heal fast and don’t easily scar, but they had to tweeze out the fabric while I was healing, and some days they even had to reopen the wounds to get the fabric out. On the worst days I had another customer tear up my back before it had time to heal. She just loved to send her friends my way when she was done with me.”
“That bitch!” Raven snapped.
Connor laughed at her temper. “Would it help if I told you that Shelby put a knife in her when we revolted?”
“Yes,” Raven said honestly and stroked his cheek. “I’m surprised you aren’t irritating my hand with a day’s worth of stubble.”
“No one knows why, but vampires don’t grow beards or mustaches. That’s your strange vampire trivia for the day,” he said with a wink.
“That is weird, but I suppose it explains why I’ve never seen one with a beard,” she mused. “You were part of the original revolutions?”
He nodded. “I don’t know which ones were first, but I guess we all got fed up around the same time. Good thing or it might not have worked. There were a lot fewer humans at that time, and the military had been thinned out by the virus. Some got the virus and others were killed fighting turned vampires. Basically, the remaining military was dispatched, but it was too much for them. I’m guessing that the government sent small units to areas like this with the intention of sacrificing them. There are still some areas that are mostly human controlled, but they killed off all of the vampires there. They’ve become religious zealots who believe their god cursed us. They don’t attempt contact with the rest of the world because they don’t want to be exposed to sin. I suppose most of the humans in your settlement would like to kill us all too.”
“I think it’s time to end the war between you and the humans in this area. In some ways you’re on the same side,” she said. “You already have trade agreements with some of them. Why not try making peace with the rest?”
He snorted. “I’m not suicidal, Raven.”
“But if the people in the human settlements knew what you were really like, they wouldn’t want to kill you. Part of the problem is that most humans don’t know any of what you told me. This knowledge could help mend a huge rift. Life could be safer and happier for everyone.”
He rolled onto his side and pulled her against his body. “They would never give us a chance to prove ourselves,” he said solemnly. “Look how hard it was for you to accept us even with total immersion. I’m not saying that all settlements are like that, but yours still is.”
“I could help,” she insisted. “I could tell them that you aren’t what we believed.”
He shook his head. “What do you suppose they would do if you came back telling them all how good vampires are? What would you have done if Muriel had come back with the same story?”
Raven’s hope deflated. “You’re right. They’d probably think I’d been brain washed or something. I really can’t go back, can I?”
He shook his head. “Do you want to go back?”
“Not if it means leaving you,” she admitted. It was the first time since she’d met Connor that her mind and body were in agreement.
“That’s good,” he said as he pulled her closer to his side, “because I don’t think I could handle the idea of letting you go. I considered telling everyone that I’d drained you dry, and sending you back. I knew I would’ve ended up hunting you down again. You’re like an addiction that I should give up, but I can’t.”
“How did you end up with so many humans living in your settlement?” she asked, to move away from talking about them. It was just too much, and she wasn’t ready yet. “Did they all move here from human settlements?”
“Some of them came from nearby human settlements. Others are children and grandchildren of the original humans who lived here with us. Before you ask, no, we didn’t kidnap humans to use as food. Most of this area had been infected so it was a dangerous place to be. We had the human military and turned vampires trying to kill us. We did have one major advantage over other areas. There was a city close to here called Berkeley. They didn’t allow the forced vaccinations. They had voluntary clinics scheduled for a week after the virus was released in other places.”
“I don’t see how it could be beneficial to have more humans around when humans were trying to capture or kill you.”
“There were a lot of humans in that city who were sympathetic to our plight. They helped hide us and donated blood. When we were strong enough, they fought with us for our freedom. Our main government doesn’t allow humans to be part of any legal decision‑making process, but I give the ones here as much say as possible.”
“I’ve never seen them at one of your big meetings,” she challenged.
“That’s because we’ve been meeting about fighting,” he explained. “They’re still pacifists by nature. They’ll fight if they have to, but they prefer not to. Since vampires are superior in that area, it makes more sense that we handle it anyway. Vampires are stronger, faster, and we can heal from wounds that would kill a human. We’d be foolish to put the humans out there when they’re more likely to get killed.” He paused and grinned at her. “We sure know how to make pillow talk, don’t we?”
She laughed.
Connor’s face sobered. “You are so fucking beautiful when you laugh. I wish you did it more often.”
“It’s just taking me time to get used to things,” she admitted. “I’ve spent years thinking all vampires were the same and now I find out they’re not. I was terrified when you brought me back here.”
“I know,” he said and pulled her closer. “I was a real ass that first day, and I’m sorry.”
She waved off his apology. “My point is that I never would have guessed that a month later I’d be naked with you.”
“I hoped you would,” he admitted.
“I guess, I kind of did too,” she said. “If I’d never lived with humans, I would have had you in me that first day.”
“Damn humans,” he grumbled. “So does this mean you aren’t going to fight me next time?”
She gave him a playful smile. “I’m not sure I fought you much these last,” she counted mentally, “four times.”
“I’d offer to make it five,” he said with a yawn, “but you have truly worn me out, little nymph.”
“You really are going to have to work on your stamina.”


Chapter Twenty‑Four
Raven was enjoying her walk to Muriel’s. Connor still worried about her walking places by herself but she’d convinced him that she couldn’t be under guard for the rest of her life.
“I’m surprised to see Connor’s new pet wandering around alone.”
Simon’s silky voice startled Raven and she spun around. Her heart was racing. She was surprised that the street was practically empty. Where was everyone? Then she looked at Simon. His smile would probably make most women breathless. He really was a beautiful man. She still couldn’t figure him out. He had never done anything to openly threaten her, but he always eyed her with distrust. She also couldn’t forget the way he’d acted so nonchalant when Ian had taken the woman and children hostage.
“I can’t exactly leave him so why would he worry about me being out of sight?” Raven asked as she backed further away from Simon. She felt bad for Simon after hearing about his childhood. He was still scary as hell and she knew she needed to get away from him, but she had a better understanding of why he was so messed up.
He laughed. “True, and in some ways he has me to thank for that. Sure, it was Ian who took the captives, but I had the authority to tell him to let them go when I found out about it. Instead, I told everyone to send for Connor if they wanted them freed. I was more than a little curious to see if you’d trade away more of your freedom for complete strangers. Don’t you think he should repay me for securing his ownership of you?”
Oh, how Raven wanted to scream that no one owned her. She knew Simon was trying to get her to slip up. She knew he wanted to take Connor’s place as leader and prove that Connor was weak. Maybe he thought if he could show that after more than a month Raven was still defiant of Connor then it would prove that Connor was weak.
“I’m supposed to walk straight to Jack’s house,” she said. “Connor will be looking for me if I don’t make it in the time he expects me too.”
“Then I should probably walk with you to make sure you’re on time. We don’t want Connor to get upset, now do we?” He snatched her hand and held it in his.
When Raven tried to pull her hand away, Simon squeezed hard enough that she was thankful nothing broke.
“If you insist,” she said with a strained smile.
“Oh, I do insist,” he said as he loosened his grip on her hand. “We never get to just hang out, do we? You’re always hanging out with everyone else so I know it’s not the fangs. What is it that makes you avoid me?”
“It’s probably because you act like a giant dung beetle most of the time,” she said sweetly.
That actually earned her a laugh from Simon. “Oh, I can see why Connor is so possessive of you. You’re much more fun when you give free reign to your sassy mouth.”
Raven was amazed by how attractive Simon was when he genuinely smiled. She didn’t recall ever seeing him really smile before that moment. Usually, his lips curled up into what most would call a smile, but it never reached his eyes. To smile, you had to feel some form of genuine joy. It was obvious that Simon didn’t feel much joy most days.
She stopped and looked up at him. “Why do you hate Connor so much?”
Her question seemed to shock him. His beautiful blue eyes widened and his full lips parted slightly. “I don’t hate Connor. He’s like a brother to me.”
“Then why the competition?” she asked. “Why the constant animosity toward him?”
He let out a weary sigh, and Raven could suddenly see the toll his disagreement with Connor was taking on him. “I think Connor is a fool. Humans aren’t our friends and they never will be. One day, even the ones that live here will turn on us and try to enslave us again. You aren’t even fully human and you would have killed any one of us given the chance. He thinks the ones who helped us originally did it because they cared about us.”
“What other reason could there be?” Raven asked.
“We were their pet project,” he explained. “It was always something with them. Before vampires they protested war, taxes, racism, and whatever else they were into at the time. Now, they have no choice but to live among us. They live under a government run by vampires so we’re the oppressors. No one wants to be on the bottom, Raven. How long before they decide to turn on us?”
She shrugged. “Then maybe humans should have more power in the government. Connor says they’re pretty involved here. As for me, I was ignorant like everyone in the human settlements. Until I came here, I didn’t even know there was such a thing as born vampires. I assumed you were all mindless killers. I mean, I knew you had to have some wits to set up communities, but I never envisioned what I found. I never even considered that you might have been victims. What the humans did to you before was wrong,” her voice dropped some. “I’m sorry for what you suffered, Simon.”
Simon stiffened and released her hand. “What exactly has Connor been telling you while he fucks you?”
She took a chance and gave him a playful grin. “While he’s fucking me, he usually just grunts and says things like ‘Oh God.’ I suppose that’s a good thing. If he was able to have full conversations during sex, it would mean that I was doing something wrong.”
Simon laughed so hard that he actually doubled over to support himself. When he finally stopped laughing he had to wipe the tears from his eyes. “You’re a real treasure, Raven. I can see why Connor doesn’t want to share you. I probably wouldn’t let you out of my house if you were mine.”
Since playful seemed to be working for her she continued. “I’ll bet you say that to all the girls.”
He winked at her, and she imagined that wink made many ladies drop their panties for him. “Just the ones I want in my bed. If you ever get tired of Connor, I’d be more than happy to take care of you,” he said with sincerity. “Just for the record, I wouldn’t have really let Ian hurt the kids. I don’t think Ian would’ve kept them, but he’s been a little unpredictable lately. We all tried to keep him away, but he saw his daughter’s body. It was really bad,” he said, and his eyes looked haunted for a moment. “Still, the kids weren’t in any real danger.”
“If they weren’t in any danger then why were they still in the cage, Simon?” Raven asked. “If you were in any way concerned about their safety, then why leave them there and risk more trauma? Why use them in the stupid game you’re playing with Connor?”
“No matter how much Connor means to me, I feel like he’s leading our people to their deaths. I needed to show his weakness,” he explained. “Don’t tell him that.”
“Why tell me?” she asked.
He shrugged. “For some reason, I don’t want you to think I’m a total douche bag.”
“What’s a douche bag?” she asked. “Connor won’t tell me.”
“You don’t know a douche bag is?” Simon asked.
She shook her head. “The humans I’ve lived with haven’t used that term in many decades. I remember hearing it but never knowing what it was. I don’t know why I never asked before.”
“I was beginning to worry about you,” Jack said with an edge of threat in his voice as he approached them.
“I was just escorting Connor’s nymph to your house,” Simon said as he caught her hand again.
“Maybe Jack should walk me the rest of the way,” Raven suggested as she tried to pull her hand from his grip.
Simon smiled down at her and continued to hold her hand as he gave Jack a challenging stare. “I wouldn’t dream of being so rude.”
“Stop trying to pick a fight with Jack,” she said as she smacked him on the arm.
“I liked you better when you were afraid of me,” Simon muttered.
“No you didn’t,” she shot back.
“True,” he said with a grin. “Of course, I would have preferred it if you hadn’t told me what noises Connor makes during sex. How am I supposed to keep a straight face and torment him while I’m picturing him chanting ‘Oh God’ in bed?”
“What the hell did I miss?” Jack asked.
Simon slapped him on the back. “Nothing that concerns you. I guess I’ll leave Raven in your care. Oh, and Jack is the perfect person to explain to you what a douche bag is.” With that he gave Raven a wave and walked off.
“Did I just see that?” Jack asked. “I haven’t seen Simon act like that in years.”
They started walking and Raven considered her words. “I think I caught him off guard.”
“Wait,” Jack stopped her. “You weren’t flirting with him, were you? That would not go over well with Con and you don’t want Si to get the wrong idea.”
“I wasn’t flirting with him. Just leave it alone, Jack,” she said.
“I’m just worried about you. Simon hasn’t been right in the head for a long time. You don’t want to end up with him thinking you’re interested.”
“You grew up with Simon,” she said. “Does he strike you as the type who would commit rape?”
Jack started to answer but shook his head. “Not after all that he went through. I just know that he really wants to get back at Connor, and I’m not sure he would consider hurting you going too far.”
Twenty minutes earlier, Raven would have said the same thing. Now, she sensed something about Simon that he kept carefully hidden. She had no doubt that he could be violent. In fact, she was certain that he could be brutal. She just didn’t think he was quite as brutal as he wanted others to believe.
“I’ll be careful,” she said.
“Did you really tell him what Connor sounds like in bed?” Jack asked with a laugh.
She could feel her cheeks getting warm. “It seemed like a good idea at the time,” she said.
“Just don’t tell Connor about it,” Jack warned.
“Why? Do you think he’ll be angry?” She knew he wouldn’t be happy about Simon cornering her and she had no intention of sharing that fact with Connor. She didn’t think he’d be upset about most of the conversation, but then again she didn’t really know Connor that well.
“Nah,” Jack said as they walked up to his front porch. “I just want to be the one to tell him.”
“So, what’s a douche bag?” she asked.
Jack stood frozen. His key was extended toward the door. “You know,” he said and waved his hand with the key in the air. “It’s that thing women use to douche.”
“Douche?” she asked. She was beginning to get the idea, but this was kind of fun. “What does that mean?”
“It’s like cleaning,” he said.
“Like a shower?” she asked.
She was finding it hard to keep a straight face as Jack sputtered a bunch of nonsense. Finally, Muriel, who had obviously been on the other side of the door listening, took pity on her husband. She stepped out and tried hard to contain her laughter. “Come inside Raven and I’ll show you what it is.”


Chapter Twenty‑Five
Connor smiled when he heard the laughter coming from Jack’s house. It sounded like they were having a party. It was a warm evening so only the screen door was closed, giving him a good view of the living room. They hadn’t noticed him yet so he just stood there and watched.
“I’m serious,” Jack said to Shelby and Carla. “Si was eating out of her hand. I totally freaked when I saw him with her, but then I get there and apparently they were talking about what Con sounds like in bed.”
“Ooooh!” Shelby said. “Tell us what he sounds like. I always figured he’d be the silent type or maybe let out a grunt or two.”
“Stop picking on her, Jack,” Muriel scolded.
“Oh, come on,” Carla pushed. “Tell us what he sounds like.”
“Yes, Raven, don’t keep everyone in suspense,” Connor said as he opened the screen door.
Raven let out a startled squeak and turned to face him.
“We could always get Simon to tell us,” Jack teased. “Did I mention she told him?”
“Shut up, you big tattler,” Raven hissed at him. Then to Connor she said, “It’s really not as bad as it sounds. I said something and he accused you of talking about him while fucking me and I told him that you  . . . .” Her voice trailed off. “Okay, maybe you had to be there.”
“Why were you with Simon to begin with?” he asked.
Her mouth opened and then closed several times. She looked like a fish trying to take in air on land. “I ran into him on the way over here.”
Connor cursed. “See? This is why I didn’t think it was safe for you to walk over here alone. What if he’d caught you alone? You could have been hurt. I can’t believe I was stupid enough to indulge you on this. No more walking here or to the school by yourself.”
Raven walked over and put a hand on his forearm. “Calm down. I was alone when he found me and nothing happened.”
“This time,” Connor said. “You might not get so lucky next time.”
“For what it’s worth, I don’t think Si is a danger to Raven,” Jack said.
Connor stared at him like he was an idiot. There had been a time when Connor would have felt the same way, but he’d seen a much different side of Simon over the last ten years.
Jack just laughed at him. “Seriously, dude, Raven has him wrapped around her little finger.”
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Raven said shyly. “I think I just surprised him.”
“You have a way of doing that,” Connor said as he wrapped her in his arms. Damn! He was acting like a fool.
“Holy fuck!” Carla shouted.
They all turned toward her and Muriel.
“I guess those pains really were contractions,” Muriel said in a strained voice. “My water just broke.”
“And dripped on my sandals,” Carla said with obvious disgust.
“What pains?” Jack asked in a panicked voice.
“A little cramping,” Muriel admitted.
Just then alarms rang out and Connor’s phone rang.
“Yeah,” he said. “Okay, we’ll be right there.”
“We’re under attack,” he said to the group. “A very large number of turned vamps are storming the gate.”
“But my wife needs to go to the hospital,” Jack said helplessly. “She’s going to have a baby. They can’t attack now.”
Connor shook his head, wondering if Jack realized how ridiculous he sounded. “I’ll do what I can, but I don’t think they’re going to reschedule their attack. For now, I would assume that she’s going to have the baby here. Do we have anyone here who can deliver a baby?”
“I’ll find someone,” Carla said.
Connor nodded. “Jack and Raven will stay to help out. Shelby, call the others and meet me at the front gate.”
“Connor!” Raven shouted.
He turned toward her.
“Be careful,” she said softly.
“Don’t worry,” he said with a confident smile, “we’ve dealt with worse. It’s inconvenient timing but nothing we can’t handle.” Connor might have felt guilty lying to Raven under other circumstances, but she needed to hear that they had nothing to worry about. He gave her a quick kiss on the mouth and then hurried out the door.


Chapter Twenty‑Six
Something about the attack sat wrong with Raven. She hadn’t been here long, but she got the impression that attacks by turned vampires were rare and usually disorganized. While they tended to band together in small groups, she’d never heard of a large number of them working together. The attacks along the roads and in the woods could easily be explained, but an attack on the settlement seemed like something that required planning. Also, the turned vampires generally targeted humans, not born vampires. She wasn’t sure if it was the difference in the taste of the blood, or just the fact that humans were easier prey.
Muriel’s moan interrupted Raven’s thoughts. She sure hoped they had someone who had delivered a baby before. She knew the logistics of it, but she’d never even witnessed a birth.
“Just breathe sweetie,” Jack said as he took Muriel’s hand.
“Don’t tell me what to do!” Muriel snarled at him.
Jack practically recoiled from the venom in his normally sweet‑tempered wife’s voice, but Raven laughed. “You’re doing fine, Jack. Try not to take anything she says too personally.”
“Can you deliver the baby?” Jack asked.
“Don’t be a moron,” Muriel said and then groaned.
“Let’s get her into the bedroom,” Raven suggested. “I hope you have a waterproof mattress pad.”
Jack paled visibly as he helped Muriel to the bedroom.
Carla raced up the stairs with a female vampire Raven didn’t recognize. The woman had shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes, and a slight build.
“I remembered that Norah’s delivered a baby before,” Carla said and then immediately turned to leave. “I’m going to help with the fighting. I’m sure it’ll be less gory.”
Muriel started to moan and Raven immediately moved to her side. “Just relax,” she said as she smoothed Muriel’s hair back.
“Oh, Raven,” Muriel moaned pitifully. “They were all right. I should have stayed away from those stupid bloodsuckers. Jack did this to me.” She glared at him and Jack flinched.
Norah hit him on the back of the head. “Man up, Jackie, and take care of your wife.” Then she smiled at Raven. “I can’t believe I’m finally getting to meet you. I’m Norah. We are definitely going to talk later.”
“I’m going to kill him, Norah,” Muriel moaned from the bed.
“Get some towels, Raven,” Norah ordered. “Jack, you get a nightgown or a really large shirt for Muriel.”
Raven ran out of the room and started ransacking every closet that might have towels. Too bad she hadn’t thought to ask where they were before she left the room. She finally returned with a huge stack of towels which Norah had her arrange on the bed. “It’ll keep the bed from getting totally destroyed,” she explained.
“I’ll just wait outside of the room,” Raven said.
Norah caught her arm. “Stay. I might need help.”
She’d had Muriel strip out of her wet clothes and put on a nursing gown.
Raven gave a hesitant nod and moved to Muriel’s side. Jack was on the opposite side stroking Muriel’s hair and trying to remain calm.
“Do you feel up to walking around some?” Norah asked Muriel with a reassuring smile.
Muriel nodded. “Is it okay?”
Norah took her arm to help her up. “As long as you feel comfortable with it, then it’s fine. It’ll actually help things move along better.”
“What now?” Jack asked. “They said they would check her at the hospital to see how far along she is.”
“You’re sure the baby is in the right position?” Norah asked.
“Yes,” Muriel replied. “They did an ultrasound two weeks ago.”
“Then we wait until your body tells you it’s time to push,” Norah said. “I don’t have the training to check your cervix, and your body will tell you when it’s time.”
The next hour was stressful. First, Raven was worried about Connor and the others. How long could it take to deal with the attack? What if they were losing the battle? What if Connor was hurt? She was also worried about Muriel, who sounded like she was in such horrible pain every time she had a contraction. How could Muriel have gone from feeling a little achy to having pain so bad that she was ready to kill someone in just over an hour? Well, not just anyone; she was ready to kill Jack.
“I can’t walk anymore and I think I’m ready to push,” Muriel said.
“What does it feel like?" Norah asked.
“Like I have to push. I feel like there’s no choice,” Muriel explained.
“Then I think it’s time,” Norah said. She got Muriel positioned on the bed with her knees up and then went to the foot the bed. “If your bath tub was clean, we could have done this in there and it would have been easier.”
“She’s not having a fish!” Jack gasped.
“Shut the fuck up, Jack, or so help me God, I will castrate you,” Muriel hissed at him.
Jack paled visibly.
Norah ignored them and continued to talk in her calm authoritative voice. “When you feel your next contraction, I want you to push as hard as you can.”
Muriel nodded and did as she was told. Raven had no idea why it took so long. Seriously, she was pushing for nearly thirty minutes before Norah called her over. “Raven, bring some receiving blankets.”
Raven saw the back of the baby’s head resting in Norah’s hands. Within a few minutes the baby was completely out and Norah was clearing the fluid from his mouth. “Congratulations, Jack!” she said. “You have a very big son.”
Norah carefully wrapped the baby in a receiving blanket and did the same to the placenta before laying both on Muriel’s chest.
“Aren’t you going to cut the cord?” Raven asked.
Norah shook her head. “Once the skirmish is over they can have it done at the hospital.”
“Oh Jack,” Muriel said through her tears. “He’s so beautiful. I love you.”
Jack leaned over to kiss Muriel and touch his new son. In that moment, Raven felt a tug at her heart. This was something that she’d always known she would never have. As happy as she was for her friend, she was more than a little envious.
On impulse, Raven turned and hugged Norah. Norah seemed a little awkward at first and then she hugged her back. “Thank you so much for helping my friend,” Raven said.
“You’re welcome,” Norah said, and Raven didn’t miss the sadness in her voice.
“Are you okay?” Raven asked.
Norah nodded and swallowed hard before speaking. “I guess I’m a little jealous. My husband and I were talking about having a baby before he  . . .” Norah’s voice trailed off.
Raven took her hand and squeezed it. “Let’s leave them alone and go downstairs to talk.”
Norah smiled and nodded before taking one last look at the new family. Then they both headed downstairs.


Chapter Twenty‑Seven
The attack had come out of nowhere and with so much force that two guards were dead before the others sounded the alarm. By the time Connor made it to the gate, five of his people were already dead, including one human who was just donating a meal to a guard. It was a miracle that they hadn’t lost more people. He was surprised that they’d been able to push the attackers back. Something was off about the whole thing. It wasn’t just the mass attack. It was the organization of the turned vampires. Then there was the strangeness of the retreat. Until then, he hadn’t thought about how unusual it was that the turned vamps at Las Trampas had fled. In general, they fought until they won or died. They just didn’t have the reasoning skills to know when it was time to give up.
Connor looked around at his people. They’d suffered many losses that day. Other than the five who died initially, he wasn’t sure of the number but he knew it would be in the double digits.
His clothes were blood soaked and the adrenaline running through his veins made it hard to tell if any of it was his own. As a vampire, he had an extremely high pain tolerance. Sadly, that was part of what had made born vampires so appealing as blood whores in the beginning. As much as he wanted to deny that part of his nature, he enjoyed the violence on some level. He always had. His mother insisted they were all still human, just infected with a virus. When he saw how easy it was for him to kill, he questioned that. Then again, the humans had been willing to slaughter millions of their own kind. Maybe humans were just better at hiding that part of their nature most of the time.
They were loading up those with serious injuries to take to the hospital. It was still risky to travel the roads because they had no idea how many of the turned vampires might be waiting to ambush them, but they had little choice in the matter. Well, they could just let them die, but no one wanted that. A contingent of volunteers would take them to the hospital. All would be well armed for the trip.
His leadership council gathered around him. Carla was limping, but other than that, they were all doing okay.
“Clean up, drink a bag of blood, and then meet me at my house,” he ordered. “We have got to figure out what’s up with these increased attacks. Also, these turned vampires are different. They’re like the ones that I ran into with Raven at Las Trampas; they’re too organized.” Then he looked around and noticed the distended fangs and hungry looks in everyone’s eyes. He felt it too. The need to feed after fighting and then being surrounded by blood was wreaking havoc on all of their self‑control. It would be bad to run into any of the local humans in this state. “On second thought, drink the blood first.”
“Should we try to get Muriel moved to the hospital before the baby comes?” Carla asked.
“Who’s with her?” Connor asked.
“Norah,” Carla said.
“And Raven is still there?” Connor asked slowly. He was pretty sure having his old lover hanging out with Raven couldn’t be good for him. Oh, he knew Norah wouldn’t be jealous. They’d never been like that. He also knew that he’d have to introduce them soon. It wasn’t fair to Norah that he hadn’t, but he’d been hoping to explain it all to Raven first. Maybe the subject wouldn’t even come up. If it did, would Raven be jealous of the fact that he’d been with Norah? Nah, she didn’t exactly love him.
That thought made him cringe a little. Oh, she hadn’t denied him access to her body since their first time together. Unless he’d wanted her to deny him so that he could conquer her. She was down for trying any sexual fantasy he could come up with, and he was a very creative man. She came to his bed, or the kitchen counter, or the floor in the living room, or the shower. Okay, he needed to stop thinking about sex or he’d be racing over to fuck her while he was covered in blood. The problem was that she made sure to slip out of his bed every night. She denied him the intimacy of sleeping with her. It had never mattered with a woman before. With Raven, he wanted her in his arms every night. They’d stayed that way the first night, but he’d been in her room so she’d had nowhere to escape to. Part of him wanted to order her to stay in his room from now on, but he’d already taken enough of her freedom. Also, this strong desire to cuddle made him wonder when he’d suddenly grown a vagina.
Carla snapped her fingers in front of his face. “You’re spacing out again,” she said. “It’s been happening a lot since Raven learned what you sound like in bed.”
He gave her an impatient look. “If there was a problem with the birth, Norah would’ve sent me a message by now. I think it’s safe to assume that things are going fine. I don’t want to move Muriel until things are a little more stable.”
He looked around and everyone was wired from the fighting. That was probably the only reason no one had commented on Norah being with Raven. It wasn’t the sort of thing Shelby would normally miss giving him a hard time about.
They all headed back to their own homes. Connor was a little jealous of the way Shelby and Carla walked off hand in hand. Strange since he’d never been jealous of them before. Hell, he’d never wanted that before. Other than Norah, he’d never wanted anything more than anonymous sex. Okay, so it wasn’t completely anonymous. Everyone knew who he was, and there were women who wanted him for more than sex. He’d made the mistake of sleeping with some of them. He’d never brought any of them to his house, to avoid having them try to spend the night. He’d never been with the same woman more than a couple of times to avoid giving her the wrong idea. He’d always used protection. Even though he could tell when a woman of his kind was fertile by her scent, he was determined not to take any chances. With Raven, he seemed to forget all of the rules he had regarding sex. How the hell had his life managed to spin out of control so fast?
Connor had a hard time resisting the temptation to go to Jack’s house first. He didn’t want a cold bag of blood. He wanted Raven’s blood. He wanted Raven’s body. In his current frame of mind, he knew that was a bad idea, but it didn’t lessen his desire any. Damn! Maybe he should see if she could stay somewhere else for the night. Maybe some space would help him get his head on straight.
Fang sensed his unease the moment Connor walked into the house and came to his side with a whine. Connor reached down and patted the wolf. Fang sniffed his bloody arm with distaste. Wolves didn’t seem to like undead blood. They’d fight them out of their territory but they didn’t eat them. Not that Connor could blame them.
“I know,” he said with a laugh, “I’m not fond of the stuff myself. I think I’ll shower before I eat. You must be getting hungry too.”
To Connor, the turned vampires reeked of decay and it turned his stomach. He wasn’t sure what it was that caused the smell. As near as he could tell, they weren’t actually decomposing. Then again, they were dead for three days before they awoke undead, so maybe some decomposition occurred then.
Fang whined his agreement and Connor decided to pull out some meat for the wolf before he showered. It was the only way he’d be able to shower without Fang trying to climb in with him, and he didn’t feel like towel drying Fang. The wolf liked showers anyway and when he sensed that something was bothering Connor, he stuck close. Since the day he’d met Fang, Connor could understand the meaning behind the wolf’s gestures and the sounds he made. Fang considered Connor part of his pack, and pack found comfort from each other. For that reason, each night when Raven left Connor’s bed Fang climbed in. Connor found it strangely comforting to have the wolf close by. He’d even gotten used to having wolf fur on everything.
After showering, he dropped his clothes into the washing machine. Apparently he hadn’t been injured other than some nasty bruises. He sent a quick message to Norah asking about Muriel and learned that Jack had a son. He assured her that they would get Muriel and the baby to the hospital as soon as it was safe.
Connor felt a strange twinge of jealousy. Then he sighed. It wasn’t something he could ever hope for with Raven. They’d started out all wrong. She couldn’t love him. At least he had her in some way and she couldn’t leave him. Better than that, she’d admitted that she didn’t want to leave him. That had to be a good thing. Maybe in time, he could find her a man that she could love in the settlement. Who was he kidding? He’d probably kill the guy. Maybe it was the blood bond that was making him so possessive. Maybe he was addicted to her blood. Yeah, just keep telling yourself that until you believe it.
When he came downstairs, he found Simon sitting on his sofa with his head leaned back and his eyes closed. “It’s a good thing you bonded her to you,” Simon said quietly.
Connor went to the kitchen and poured two bags of blood into glasses. He handed one to Simon, who took it without a word. He sat down across from Simon and drained his glass quickly before responding. “Yes, the blood bond is much easier than the collar, and it prevents her from trying to escape.”
Simon laughed and sat up to look at Connor. “You can’t be that stupid, Con. She wouldn’t try to escape anyway. I suppose it’s a bad thing for me that you’re bonded to her.”
“Yeah, it must suck to have my power base more secure,” Connor said bitterly
“If she wasn’t bonded to you,” Simon said softly, “I would try to take her. Not for the power. She is abso‑fucking‑lutely amazing.”
Connor felt his temper rising. He heard Fang’s rumbling growl at his side and reached down to soothe the wolf. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“You know damn well what it means,” Simon said. “I more than want her, I like her a lot. So don’t screw this up or I will do whatever I have to in order to break the blood bond between you. We’re both to blame for her old life being taken from her. Make damn sure you give her a happy one here.”
Connor stared in stunned silence for a long moment before nodding. “What the hell happened between us, Si?”
“We disagree on what’s best for our people, and we both care enough to fight for them,” Simon said with a shrug.
“Raven’s part human; all wood nymphs are,” Connor said. “How can you want her and hate all humans?”
“See, you totally don’t get it,” Simon said with a frustrated sigh. “You think this is about me hating humans and it’s not. I kind of get why you’d think that. I mean, Ian does hate them and I side more with him than I do with you. Hell, I fully get why he hates humans too, even if I think it’s making him dangerous. I don’t trust most humans. How can I after what they did to us? It doesn’t mean I hate them. Despite the image I put off, do you really think I’m abusing the humans we have here?”
Connor wasn’t sure how to respond to that. He knew Simon was capable of cruelty. He could still picture that mother and her children in the cage. Simon had been cool and aloof. Then again, Connor had worked hard to look that way as well. He just didn’t know what to think of his friend anymore. Raven, who had mostly seen cruelty in Simon, seemed to trust him. Connor also knew that Simon usually fed from donor humans and no one had ever complained about their treatment from him.
“Do you think I’m going to try to force myself on her?” Simon asked. His voice had dropped to a threatening rumble.
Connor shook his head. “I don’t want to believe that about you, but you’ve changed. I get that things were harder on you as a kid.”
“Don’t!” Simon cut him off. “I don’t want your pity, and don’t include me in anymore of your pillow talk.”
Connor was saved from having to respond by Carla, Shelby, and Ian’s arrival.
“Good news!” Carla chirped. She was still limping, but it didn’t look serious. “They caught a couple of the turned vampires. Maybe we can get some answers from them.”
“What bothers me most is the fact that we might be able to get some answers from them,” Connor said. “This whole thing doesn’t make sense. We’ve had too many attacks from the turned vampires recently. Why are they suddenly targeting us? We aren’t a good food source for them. Sure, we have humans here, but they’ve never been organized enough for these types of attacks before. It would also be easier to get to the humans in the human settlements. It makes me worry that they’re getting help and for some reason taking orders from someone in the human camp or ours.” With that he shook his head.
“Wouldn’t I be the most likely suspect for traitor?” Ian asked casually.
Connor waved that off. “You’d betray me in a heartbeat, but only if you thought you were doing what was good for our people. You wouldn’t risk the casualties we’ve had from these attacks.”
“Always the smart one,” Ian muttered.
“You can go with me to question the turned vampires,” he said to Simon. It was smart. Then those loyal to Simon couldn’t claim that things were being hidden from them. Also, Simon did have a way of scaring the crap out of people. Connor wasn’t above torture, but sometimes fear made it easier to get answers. He was tempted to bring Ian, but he needed the vampires alive long enough to talk, and Ian was unpredictable.
“Do we have anyone who’s been acting odd? Anyone who’s not happy with the way things are?” Connor asked.
“We always have people who aren’t happy, vampire and human,” Shelby said. “I’m not sure there’s anyone in particular who’s acting any more disgruntled than usual. Of course, I don’t know everyone.”
“This kind of resentment may have been building for a long time,” Carla added. “They may have been planning this for months or even years so their behavior won’t stand out. Of course, it may be a human settlement behind this.”
“I’m inclined to think the human settlements aren’t behind it,” Connor said.
“Why?” Ian asked. “Humans are too humane to slaughter people?”
It was Simon who answered. “I agree with Connor on this one. First, they just don’t have the resources to do more than small attacks. Second, Raven and Muriel have both made it clear that the human settlements don’t know that there’s any difference between us and the turned vampires. Why would they ally themselves with them to destroy us? I know Raven didn’t have contact with all of the settlements, but I think it’s safe to assume that the others are just as closed off from the world. The exception is Treasure Island, but they’re gaining too much from their alliance with us to risk breaking it.”
Ian looked pissed off that Simon was agreeing with Connor, but after some thought his face relaxed and he nodded. “That makes sense.”
“We should probably put everyone on lockdown here until this is cleared up. Only escorted trips into the outlying communities or business district,” Simon suggested. “We should keep those outings limited.”
Connor shook his head. “I don’t want to turn this into a prison for the people who live here. I agree that we should warn people of the dangers of being out on the roads and discourage them from leaving, but the idea of telling them they can’t leave seems wrong. We’ll offer to have teams bring in any supplies to discourage people from leaving.”
Simon snorted. “Why am I not surprised? People will die if we don’t take drastic measures. They can survive with limited freedom for a short time if it means saving lives.”
“This isn’t up for discussion,” Connor said. He knew people would be safer if he just took Simon’s advice. He also knew that he’d probably lose his mind if he were told he couldn’t leave. Many others in the settlement had also started their lives with no freedom, so taking it away now could easily lead to more unrest.
“Fine,” Simon said as he rose from the sofa. “I guess I’ll see you in the morning to question the captives. Or maybe we can bake them some cookies. Why don’t we get together tonight and knit them some pretty sweaters? After that we can all go get our nails done together.”
“I’ll need three people to accompany Jack and Muriel to the hospital,” Connor said, ignoring Si. He wasn’t in any mood to spar with him or deal with his attitude.
There was a hesitant knock at the door and Connor knew right away it was Raven. He started to feel his temper rise at the idea of her walking home alone with everything that was going on.
“I guess it’s a good thing you’re already keeping her prisoner,” Simon said with a smirk.
Connor turned to him; hand still on the front door. Some of his anger faded when he heard Norah’s voice. Raven hadn’t walked alone.
“Shut up!” Connor practically growled as he stepped away from the door and took a menacing step toward Simon.
“When she’s mine I’ll keep her naked and tied to my bed most of the day,” Simon continued taunting him. “I say when because we both know you don’t have the balls to keep her.”
Carla snorted. “Right, I’m sure she’d just love to spend her days tied to your bed, Si.”
“Oh, I can guarantee that I’d make her like it very much. I would spend hours making sure she was more than happy being tied to my bed.”
Connor launched himself at Simon and knocked him to the ground.
“That is enough!” Raven nearly shouted.
Connor’s fist froze in mid‑air and then dropped to his side.
Raven looked seriously pissed off. Her hands were on her hips and she was tapping one foot on the ground as she waited for them to both stand up. First, she pointed a finger at Simon. “You, stop harassing Connor. It’s been a rough night for everyone and this isn’t helping matters. You need to work together, not pretend you want to take me away in order to get under his skin.”
“He’s not pretending,” Connor muttered, and she glared at him.
“He’s right,” Simon said. “Do you want to know what I’d do to you while you were tied to my bed?”
“No!” Raven said, and then admitted. “Well, yes, a little but we are so not going there.”
“To my bed?” Simon asked innocently, which made Connor practically growl.
“Stop flirting with him and go upstairs now, Raven,” Connor said.
Raven ignored Simon’s question and stalked up to Connor. She jabbed him in the chest with her finger. “And you are acting like a complete ass.”
Connor caught her hand. “Don’t speak to me in that tone, Raven,” he said quietly. “You remember what we talked about, don’t you? It has been a rough day, and you don’t want to push me right now.”
“It has been a rough day for me too, and I come back here to be accused of flirting and treated like some toy you two are fighting over? Fuck you Connor!” Raven practically shouted, and then she slapped him.
There were gasps followed by stunned silence. Even Raven appeared shocked by her own actions. Connor saw the moment when she remembered what he had said about talking to him with disrespect in front of his people. She started to back away from him.
“Everyone out,” Connor said quietly.
Simon stepped between them. “You don’t have to do this, Con,” he said with a hand on Connor’s chest. “You don’t need to prove that you’re the big scary leader to me. I know this is for my benefit. I’m asking you not to hurt her.”
Ian nodded and moved to Simon’s side. “Si’s right. We’ve all grown fond of the nymph.”
Connor’s eyes widened in surprise. “Since when did you join the Raven fan club?”
Ian shrugged. “Since she yelled at me at the school. I like her even more after seeing her slap you. She reminds me of Kate.” Then he looked at Raven and added softly. “Kate was my wife. She had quite a temper.”
There was a beat of stunned silence as everyone absorbed Ian’s words. Finally, Connor spoke. “I’m not going to beat her, if that’s what you’re all worried about. Ian, take Norah home, please.”
Ian nodded, and they all got up to leave.


Chapter Twenty‑Eight
Slapping Connor had probably been a bad idea. She watched helplessly as everyone left the house. The door closed with an ominous click.
“Connor, I‑” Before she could finish her sentence Connor crushed her against his body and kissed her.
He pulled back and panted out. “Why can’t you just behave, Raven? Why do you have to test me? Why do you have to make me want you even more?”
She stiffened in his embrace. “Behave? That’s right, I’m supposed to be the obedient little pet and do whatever you say. Goddess forbid I want to act like myself. I’m supposed to constantly be on guard so I don’t force you to punish me.”
He smiled at her, and it made her temper rise. “Actually, I’m kind of looking forward to punishing you,” he said as he leaned forward and grazed her earlobe with his fangs.
Raven was trying hard not to melt into him. “Oh, so you are going to beat me.”
“I might have to spank your sweet little ass while I fuck you from behind,” he said against her neck.
Damn, but his panty melting voice was even better than Simon’s.
He chuckled. “Panty melting voice?”
“I said that out loud?” she asked and felt her cheeks getting warm.
“Yes, you did,” he said and then tossed her over his shoulder. He massaged her ass, and she actually moaned. Then he gave it a sharp smack.
“Ouch!” she shrieked. “What the hell was that for?”
“I believe you slapped me just a little while ago, and I figured turn about was foreplay,” he said as he carried her up the stairs.
“The term is ‘fair play’,” she said.
“In this case,” he said as he tossed her onto his bed, “it is definitely foreplay.”
Connor rummaged through his drawer and came out with the silky ties he’d used her first night there.
Raven started to rise from the bed, but he caught her and straddled her hips. When he leaned down and kissed her, Raven moaned against his mouth. She’d be lying if she said she was nervous about what Connor had planned. Nope, she was excited. Damn, the man could kiss. His tongue stroked hers gently and then withdrew. She whimpered from the loss of his invasion, but he merely pulled back and rained kisses along her jaw line. His fangs grazed her neck and she arched up toward him. Strange that she’d been terrified of his bite at first and now she welcomed it. No, that wasn’t right, she craved it.
Connor pulled away from her and rolled onto his side. He propped his head up on his hand and gave her a lazy grin. “Undress for me, little nymph,” he said.
She considered arguing, but it seemed silly since she wanted to be naked with Connor. She stripped out of her clothes without taking her eyes off of him.
“Now lie down on your back,” he said as he drank her in with his eyes. His hungry look always made her wet.
Raven hesitated, and he must have assumed she was going to refuse because she was flat on her back with him straddling her before she knew what was happening. Damn vampires were too fast. His knees pinned her shoulders as he quickly secured her wrists to the bed. She lifted her head and blew hot air against the crotch of his jeans. She gave a satisfied smile when he stopped working on the ties and shuddered.
“Wouldn’t you rather be naked with me?” she asked in a playful tone.
He chuckled and finished securing the ties. “Don’t try to distract me, little nymph. We still have a matter of your punishment.”
She tugged at her restraints, loving the feel of them against her wrists. Raven had never tried bondage before. She’d never really played in bed before Connor. She had to admit that the idea of Connor having complete access to her body as she lay there helpless was arousing. She trusted him, knew he wouldn’t hurt her. Even when she’d slapped him, she hadn’t really been afraid that he’d hurt her.
Connor climbed off of her and took a moment to study her. His lips curled into a pleasant smile. “You are going to spend the next hour tied to this bed,” he explained.
“An hour?” Raven squeaked.
Connor nodded and then looked a little annoyed. “I saw your face when Simon talked about tying you to his bed. You liked the idea.” He leaned forward and spoke against her mouth. “I don’t want Simon to be the man in that fantasy. I’m going to find out how many times I can make you climax in the next hour. I’m also going to find out how many times I can make you beg me to let you climax. Doesn’t that sound like fun?”
Raven’s breathing became labored. She was so aroused that she thought she might explode if he touched her. Still, giving up this much control scared her a little. It was one thing to fantasize about it, but to actually be tied to Connor’s bed? Maybe she should just tell him to stop. Her mind and her body warred with each other.
“I can see your brain hard at work trying to find a way to get me to untie you. I can also see how wet you are from just thinking about this. You can stop the inner battle because I’m not going to untie you.”
“Aren’t you going to undress and join me?” Raven asked.
Connor shook his head and sat down at the foot of the bed. “I want to watch you like this for a little while. My control will be better if I’m still dressed.”
“I don’t see how it could be very exciting watching me do nothing.”
“Oh, trust me, little nymph; it’s very exciting watching you tied to my bed, knowing that your body is mine to do with as I please.” He stroked between Raven’s legs and then brought his fingers to his mouth and licked her juices from them. “Seems like you like it quite a bit too.”
Raven groaned. “Please touch me.”
“Well, since you asked so nicely,” he said and then crawled up the bed to straddle her hips. His hands cupped her cheeks and he lowered his mouth to hers slowly. His kiss was soft and teasing. He savored her mouth, and it only made her want more. She tried to arch her hips off of the bed to get some contact with her most sensitive areas, but his weight kept her immobilized. One of his hands crept down to run feather light caresses across her sensitive nipple.
“Harder,” she mumbled against his lips.
He pulled back and chuckled. “Ask nicely.”
“Harder, please,” she panted out.
He leaned down and took one nipple into his mouth and grazed it with his fangs. Heat raced through her body. Then his mouth closed over her nipple and he sucked hard, almost painfully. “Oh, yes,” she moaned.
He moved his attention to her other nipple, leaving both hard and making the ache between her legs uncomfortable.
“I need you in me now,” she said.
He shook his head and smiled. “Not yet. I want this to last a lot longer.” With that he began to feather kisses down her body. When he finally got to her hot core, he slide two fingers inside of her and hissed as his own eyes closed. His breathing was labored.
Raven gave a satisfied smile. “Wouldn’t you feel better if you gave in to what you obviously want?”
“Don’t get cocky, little nymph, or I’ll stop touching you,” he threatened. “Are you going to be a good girl?” he asked with a wicked grin.
Raven laughed. “Probably not, but I’m kind of enjoying the fact that you’re suffering as much as I am.”
“Probably more,” he said and then leaned down and swirled his tongue around her clit as his fingers continued to move inside of her. Raven writhed, trying to get closer. It wasn’t long before she climaxed. He removed his fingers as soon as the spasms started so she was left feeling somewhat achy and needy.
“That’s one,” he said as he sat back on his heels, “and I didn’t even make you beg for it.”
“Too bad,” she taunted. “Now that you’ve taken the edge off, it seems less likely that you’ll be able to make me want it enough to beg.”
“I do love a challenge,” Connor said with a grin. His hand drifted between her legs, caressing her softly. “You are so incredibly sexual.”
“Duh,” she panted out. “I thought we covered the wood nymph thing already.”
He increased the pressure on her clit and slid two of his fingers back inside of her. “I’m dying to taste you again,” he said, never taking his eyes off of his fingers as they penetrated her. “I could go down on you for hours and never get tired of the way you taste or the sounds you make.”
Raven moaned. His words made her insane with lust. She had to have his mouth on her again. “Please, Connor.”
“Please what?” he asked. When she didn’t answer he pushed her. “Tell me what you want me to do, little nymph.”
“Taste me,” she gasped. “Put your mouth on me.”
He didn’t hesitate to cover her aching core with his mouth. He removed his fingers and probed her with his tongue. Then he pulled his tongue from her and sucked her swollen clit into his mouth. His fangs grazed her sensitive flesh but instead of hurting her, it made her even more crazed. She began to thrash around, trying to bring his mouth even closer, something that was impossible to do.
He didn’t pull back this time or tease her, he literally devoured her. Her orgasm rocked her so hard that she screamed.
“You win, Raven,” he panted out as he untied her. “As much fun as that was, I need to be inside of you. Actually, I feel like I always need to be inside of you.”
“I don’t mind,” she said with a seductive smile. “In fact, I like you best when you’re inside of me.”
He lay on his back and pulled her on top of him. “Did you slap me because of Norah?”
She sat up and straddled his hips then stared down at him in confusion. “Why would I slap you because of Norah?”
Connor looked uncomfortable. “I guess she didn’t tell you.”
“That you had sex before?” Raven asked and had a hard time containing her laughter.
“Yes,” he said. “I haven’t since you’ve been here.”
“Connor,” she said, “I’ve spent a large part of my life around humans so I’ve picked up some of their sexual hang‑ups. I think I’d be angry if you were still having sex with her.” She paused to think for a moment. “Well, maybe not if it was all of us together at the same time.”
Connor closed his eyes and groaned. “Raven, you are seriously going to be the death of me.”
“Actually, I’m sorry to have to take that fantasy back, but I think that would bother me now. I mean the wood nymph in me is fine with it. Actually, that part of me finds it kind of exciting. It’s a human hang up that I can’t get over.”
“It’s okay,” he said with a smile. “I’m pretty sure I couldn’t handle more than you in my bed anyway. It was a pretty sexy visual though.”
“I’m sure you could handle me with Norah,” Raven assured him. “Again, that’s the extent of my human hang ups. I don’t mind that you had other partners before me. Sex is part of my survival. I need it. Sure, I can take care of things myself some, but eventually I need a partner.”
“Meaning you’ve had a lot of partners,” he said, and she could tell he was trying to keep his voice steady.
“Are you jealous?” she asked with an amused grin.
“No,” he said with a shake of his head. His eyes were closed and his breathing was heavy. “I’m trying to figure out when I turned into a masochist, because that is the only explanation for me trying to strike up a conversation when I have a sexy woman on top of me.” His eyes opened and he lifted his head slightly to look at her. “Put my cock inside you, Raven.”
“Aren’t you going to say please?” she asked sweetly.
“No,” he said with a predatory grin, “I’m going to say that if you don’t put me inside of you soon, I will tie you to this bed again.”
“No you won’t,” she said with a playful grin, “but I would never make you beg when I want it so badly anyway.”
“Ah fuck, Raven,” Connor practically groaned. “I love how comfortable you are with your sexuality. It is the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
Raven sucked in a sharp breath as she felt more liquid heat pool between her legs. She loved the way Connor was so open with his desires. She loved the way he talked to her in bed. She positioned herself and slid down on top of him, feeling the delicious stretching sensation that always came when he entered her. An involuntary moan escaped her lips, and she let her head fall back as she savored the feel of him filling her completely.
She started to move slowly. Connor gripped her hips tightly and started to move her faster against him as he surged up. Raven moved faster and once more became consumed by her desire for this man. No longer did she consider him just a vampire. No longer was he just a way to relieve her sexual tension. Somewhere in the back of her mind she heard a voice telling her that Connor was her mate, but she refused to think about that now. All she wanted to think about was how perfect it felt to be joined with him physically.
“Fuck, Raven,” Connor groaned. “Please tell me you’re almost there because I’m not sure how much more I can take.”
His words sent her over the edge and she screamed. She had to put her hands on his chest for support as her third climax rocked her body.
When the waves of pleasure finally ended, she looked down into Connor’s eyes. He was watching her with such intensity that her muscles clenched tightly around him. Connor growled and then flipped her onto her back and entered her again so quickly that she let out a startled gasp. His powerful thrusts caused the bed to slam into the wall, and it was enough to make her climax again. This time Connor joined her.
Raven wasn’t sure she could move. She had never been quite this sated in her entire life. Her body was deliciously achy. Connor seemed to be in the same condition. It was more than a minute before he rolled off of her and started absently making circles on her belly with his index finger. It was such an oddly intimate thing.
“Hmmmmm,” she said as she stretched like a cat. “If I’d known this was how you were going to punish me, I’d have slapped you the first day we met.”
He laughed drowsily beside her. “Oh yeah, I’m sure you would’ve gone for that. You weren’t exactly my biggest fan when we first met.”
“True,” she said. “I don’t think you were exactly thrilled with me so I doubt you would’ve been interested in punishing me this way.”
“If you’d given me any encouragement at all, I would have had you flat on your back. I was so fucking aroused that day that I was afraid I’d embarrass myself by having a wet dream while I slept next to you. I was tempted to jerk off in the shower before bed.”
Raven gasped.
Connor laughed. “I love it when you get embarrassed when I’m crude.”
“Maybe I’m offended,” she said.
“I don’t think so, little nymph,” he said.
“I’ve been living with humans a long time,” she said.
 “Which is why you get a little embarrassed. You feel like it shouldn’t get you hot, but it does.” He gave her a wicked grin. “Most of the time, it just gets you hot and you don’t do anything to hide that fact. There’s always been a stupid prejudice against human females. If they admit that they crave sex as much as the males do then they’re called sluts. They’re supposed to romanticize the act and use pretty words.”
She shrugged. “I don’t think that’s as true as it once was. I know we’re kind of isolated in this part of the world and still a little backwards, but I’ve seen changes.”
He snorted. “I’ve met humans from a lot of different settlements and many of them have reverted back to older ways. They’ve decided that it was sins against their god that resulted in the vampires. Maybe the women have more freedom in your settlement, but in some of them women are beaten or even killed for having sex with a man they aren’t married to. Oh, and they don’t get to choose who they marry. A lot of the human females who come to live with us do it to escape those lives. I’m not really surprised that so many human men are like this now. I heard the way the men talked to the blood whores. We were warned that when women came in we had to tell them how much we wanted to make love to them, even if all they wanted was to have us bury our faces between their legs. The only ones who were honest were the ones that got off on beating us. Sex is a guilty little pleasure for humans, but it was okay with us because we weren’t human anyway. Well, that’s not entirely true. Some humans wanted the blood whore practice stopped because they considered it bestiality.”
Raven flinched. Sure, she knew Connor had lived that life as a teen, but she hated the reality of it. Shelby had told her that Connor was nearly sixteen when they’d left. How many times had he been subjugated before then?
“In some ways, it was better with the men,” he continued. “At least they were more honest.”
“Men?” Raven gasped.
He laughed at her distress. “What? Did you think that only women came in to use the male blood whores? It was men more often than women.” He studied her with a vulnerable look in his eyes. “Does that bother you?”
“It bothers me that you were forced to do things you didn’t want to,” she said. “The idea of you being with a man willingly doesn’t bother me. I guess I just never thought you were attracted to men so it seemed like a bigger violation. Now that I think about it, that’s a stupid way to look at it anyway. You probably weren’t attracted to any of the humans who used you.”
“I’m not attracted to men and you’re right, the women didn’t do much for me either,” he admitted. “Luckily, I wasn’t very popular with the men. I was a pretty funny looking kid at thirteen so I wasn’t used by humans until I was fourteen and I filled out. At that point, I already looked a little too grown up for most of the men who came in and too young for the others. For some reason they all wanted full grown men or pretty boys.”
Raven wondered how much of this her father had known. Had his desire to keep the ugliness of the past a secret actually made things worse for humans and vampires? Well, she couldn’t ask him now, but maybe she could make a difference. “We didn’t know about any of this at the human settlement where I lived. I can’t help but think that if you let me go back and tell them, that things would be better,” Raven said.
He snorted. “You know as well as I do that it won’t change anything. We’ve been through this. They’ll think you’ve been mind fucked by a vampire. You’d be putting yourself in danger.”
“I could easily disappear if I needed to,” she said.
“Just like you did here?” he asked. “You don’t know if they have a way to hold you or if they’d tranquilize you before you knew what was happening. You are not going back there.”
“Connor, I know you think letting me go will make you look weak, but what if we could get Ian and Simon to agree that it’s a good idea?”
“No,” Connor said.
Raven opened her mouth to argue, but Connor cut off her words with a kiss. She was breathless by the time he pulled away.
Connor pulled Raven’s head down onto his chest. “Sleep,” he said.
“Fine,” she said and tried to rise.
“You sleep here from now on,” he said in a gruff voice.
“Connor, I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Please,” he said almost desperately.
That single word, spoken with such need, was her undoing. She snuggled into his side. Fang climbed into the bed and rested against her back. As she dosed off, she realized Connor hadn’t turned the television on. Every night she’d heard it through the wall, and obviously he couldn’t sleep without it. Tonight he fell asleep in a quiet room with Raven in his arms.


Chapter Twenty‑Nine
“Are you ready for this?” Connor asked as he dusted wolf fur off of his pants.
“More than ready,” Ian said with a sadistic twinkle in his eyes. That was one of the reasons he’d decided to bring Ian with to question the turned vampires. Ian could be one scary bastard with his fallen angel appearance. His unpredictable nature was why Connor hesitated to bring him, but Simon had talked him into it. Hopefully, Connor wouldn’t regret this decision later.
Standing at Ian’s side was Simon. Ian’s dark savagery was a perfect match for Simon’s angelic looks. Ian wore head to toe black. Simon wore faded blue jeans and a white t‑shirt. His golden hair was loose and framed his face. The only other person Connor had brought with was Shelby. She was there in case Connor needed help dealing with Ian. She wore stretch pants and a short t‑shirt. Meaning she planned to workout when they were done.
Connor wore his usual fighting gear, cargo pants and a t‑shirt. He’d skipped the jacket and Kevlar vest since he was pretty sure they didn’t have to worry about being shot or staked by their unwilling guests. They’d both been denied blood for the night and were being kept in separate cells to keep them from tearing each other apart.
What struck Connor as odd was the intelligence that shone in their eyes. He walked up to one of the cells and opened the door. The occupant of that cell was a male who had probably been fourteen or fifteen when he’d died. That always made Connor a little uncomfortable, even knowing that he might have been turned several years ago. As much as they tried to eradicate the turned vampires, it was still a very difficult process because the vaccine was so scarce. They didn’t survive very long because when food was scarce they were willing to kill each other. They couldn’t survive off of the dead blood of other turned vampires, but they killed each other anyway. From what Connor understood, the three days of death before they rose was enough to destroy their ability to think and reason. It also destroyed their memories. Some weren’t even able to speak after the turn and others worked hard at it. From what he’d been told, these two spoke fairly well.
This turned vampire had pasty white skin, probably from lack of blood and was thin to the point of being gaunt. That was unusual in any vampire. For some unknown reason, they put on a lot of bulk unless they were starved for extended periods of time. The vamp’s brown hair was uneven and dirty. His brown eyes, now they were the real shocker. Those eyes were far from crazed.
Connor motioned to the chair in the middle of the room. “Have a seat,” he said pleasantly. “We’d like to ask you a few questions.”
The turned vampire shoved his hands into his back pockets and spit on the floor. “Fuck you, blood brat,” he said a little too coherently.
Ian moved before Connor could even think to give an order. He caught the vamp by his throat and tossed him roughly into the chair. Unfortunately, it was a little too rough. The chair splintered and the turned vampire collapsed onto the floor. Ian quickly grabbed one of the chair legs and crouched down to press the makeshift stake to the vampire’s heart. “Understand this, you little bastard,” Ian growled, “I was brought here to be your death if you don’t cooperate. I’m hoping that you don’t cooperate.”
“Do it!” the turned vampire half taunted, half begged. “End the pain. I didn’t want this.” His hand reached up and grabbed the stake, pulling it closer to his chest. Ian stared down at the vampire’s throat for a moment before cursing and moving back quickly. Connor wondered why he was suddenly so rattled.
“Is that why you attacked us?” Connor asked, still feeling a little shaken by Ian’s reaction.
“Shut up!” the vampire in the cage shouted. “Don’t tell them anything. We are so close to having it all. You can’t trust the blood brats.”
“Having what?” the vampire on the floor asked desperately. “I’m tired of being a slave. We are nothing. Let the blood brats kill us.”
“What’s your name?” Connor asked the one on the ground.
“Mitchell,” he answered after a long pause.
“Why are you so coherent?” Shelby asked. Her voice held the same shock they all felt at the turn of events. They hadn’t expected this. They’d come in to torture information out of the turned vampires. They’d expected them to beg for death, but not for this reason.
“It’s the blood and the virus,” Mitchell said. “They give us special blood and they injected us with a new virus. Some don’t survive it. The women,” he paused and his eyes closed as he struggled with memories, “like my mother and sister, don’t usually survive. They try with some but kill most of them. They steal our lives. At first, it still beats,” he said as he pointed to his heart. “After time it stops beating and we forget our human lives. I don’t want to stop being me.”
“Fucking idiot!” shouted the vampire in the cell. “We’re going to rule this land. We have to follow orders. We have no names, just orders!”
“That’s what happens to us,” Mitchell said, waving a hand at the cell. “I’ve held on longer than most, but soon I won’t remember who I am. All I’ll remember is who I’m supposed to kill. Please,” he begged as he met Ian’s eyes. “kill me now. I’m already dead, but I don’t want to lose all of the memories.”
Ian placed a tentative hand on Mitchell’s chest and then nodded. “Weak, but still beating,” he said.
“Who injected you?” Connor asked.
Mitchell opened his mouth to answer but then he closed it. His brows drew together in thought as he tried hard to find the information in his mind. “I don’t know,” he said, and his shoulders slumped in defeat. “It’s all disappearing. I’m Mitchell and my brother is  . . .” He paused once again to try to remember. His struggle was obvious. “My brother is James. No, my brother was James. He’s gone now. My sister was Nina. We lived on the ranch. They came to get us and no one helped us.”
Connor felt as though someone had punched him in the gut. This boy may have been from one of the ranches by Las Trampas. Connor hadn’t even thought about helping the humans in the ranches. He’d warned them about the turned vampires in the area, but he should have set up extra guards.
Ian helped Mitchell to his feet, and then patted him on the back in a strange gesture of comfort. Mitchell looked startled.
“I think we should take him to see Dr. Moon. Maybe he can figure out what’s happening with the virus and who’s behind it. Maybe he can find a way to help Mitchell keep his memories,” Connor said. “With any luck he can find a way to keep him alive or even make his heart stronger.”
Connor waited for the arguments to come. They didn’t keep turned vampires, they executed them quickly. Turned vampires were already dead, and they lost what identity they had when they contracted the Moon virus. Well, that had always been the case before. In the turned vampires, their cardiovascular system completely merged with their digestive system. A similar thing happened with the born vampires. The difference was that turned vampires were dead. They had no heart beat. If they weren’t talking, they didn’t need to breathe. Connor looked down at Mitchell, and the boy was breathing heavily.
“Listen to me, Mitchell,” Connor said firmly. “I promise that if we can’t find a way to stop this, we’ll kill you. I’m going to make arrangements for you to see our Moon virus expert. In the meantime, I’m going to get you some bagged blood. Maybe that will help slow the process.”
“Just let me die,” Mitchell said. “I don’t want to get worse.”
“You have the chance to save lives,” Shelby added.
Mitchell let out a weary sigh and nodded. He walked back into his own cell and sat on the floor. After securing him, Connor sent a message over to find out when they could have things set up for Mitchell.
Then a thought occurred to him. “Where did you hear the term ‘blood brat’?” It was something Connor had wondered since that day at Las Trampas. The term was old, and it had been used by humans. It seemed strange that it was suddenly being used again, and by turned vampires.
Mitchell answered without hesitation. “He always tells us that we’ll have to kill off most of the blood brats first. He says we should kill blood brats.”
“Who tells you this?” Connor asked.
“I don’t know,” Mitchell said dejectedly. “I think his name starts with a C or maybe a G. I can’t remember.”
“Can you write?” Ian asked.
The boy nodded.
“I’ll get you something to write with and you can keep notes,” Connor assured him.
“I’ve got a better idea,” Shelby said and pulled a notebook from her bag. Well, it was actually a small device that took notes and could print them out later.
She handed it to Mitchell. “Just put your thumb over this and speak. If you want to listen to the notes on there, just put your thumb over the purple square. I just cleared my notes off of it so you won’t have to listen to any of my crazed ramblings. It’s also set up so that nothing can be erased without a password so you don’t have to worry about accidentally deleting something.”
Mitchell nodded and took the device without another word.
Connor worried that with his memory going the boy might not remember how to use the device, but he figured he could forget how to write at any moment too.
It was obvious after five minutes of questioning that they were wasting their time with the other vampire. He spit and threatened and muttered about his orders to kill the blood brats. He no longer remembered anything about his life. Ian took him outside of the room and drove a stake through his heart.


Chapter Thirty
Connor found Raven exactly where he’d expected to find her. She was lying on her stomach across one of the branches of the oak tree in his yard. “It always amazes me when I find you like that.”
“Why?” she asked sleepily and stretched like a cat.
Fang looked up from his spot on the ground and yawned before trotting into the house. He only seemed willing to leave Raven alone when she was in the house or with Connor. At least with the wolf around, Raven didn’t need to go into the woods as often. After what he’d learned today, he wanted to keep her in the settlement as much as possible.
“I just can’t figure out how you can be comfortable in that tree.”
She hugged the tree and rubbed her cheek against it. It should have left her face scratched, but hers came away unmarked and with a green tint. “They’re a part of me.”
“I’m curious about something,” he said as he settled down beside the tree. “Wood nymphs are originally from Europe.” Oh yeah, he was avoiding the bigger subject, but he was curious.
She nodded. “There are still a lot of us there.”
“Why did any of the wood nymphs come here?” he asked. “It seems like it would be a rough trip with your unique limitations. Or, can you instantly transport across the ocean?”
She laughed at his question. “Instantly transport across the ocean? We aren’t water nymphs.”
“There are water nymphs?” he asked.
“You have no trouble accepting vampires and wood nymphs, but water nymphs surprise you?” she asked with a raised eyebrow. With a grace that always astonished him, she slid down the tree and settled onto the ground beside him.
He knew he was acting like a lovesick fool, but he didn’t care. He reached out and took her hand in his simply because he wanted to. “I didn’t even know there were wood nymphs until Muriel came to live here. I didn’t believe any of her stories until I met you. Even when you first made your claim, I figured you were just making something up to save your friends.”
“Then why didn’t you just call me a liar on the spot?” she asked.
“A lot of my people believed Muriel’s stories about the wood nymphs. I didn’t think Simon believed her, but I wasn’t sure what Ian or those loyal to him believed.  I was kind of pissed off about you throwing off my original plan, and a little aroused by your bravery. I figured I’d just have a little taste of your blood and then call you on the lie. The problem was that everyone around me saw how much I was enjoying your blood. I don’t normally feed from humans. If you’d been human, I would have taken a small sample and then let you go. I’ve never really liked the intimacy of feeding so I avoid it. With you, I had to struggle to take my fangs out of your wrist, and I thought I might explode from the lust I was feeling. There was no way to convince the others that you were human.”
Connor was amused by the way her cheeks flushed. He knew she was aroused and not embarrassed. She got just as aroused as he did when he took blood, and that made it even hotter for him. He shifted to try to make himself more comfortable. Damn, but she had a way of getting him hard without even trying. “So, how did they get here, and why?”
“Who?” she asked as she looked up from his erection.
He smiled at her obvious distraction. “The wood nymphs who came from Europe.”
“Oh,” she said and smiled, not at all embarrassed about being caught staring at his cock. “People in Europe changed. They no longer appreciated the spirits of the woods. They stopped believing in any good magic. Christianity demonized anything otherworldly. It was becoming harder and harder to find men to mate with, and our numbers were dwindling. We don’t mind sharing men, but it was to a point where there was a risk of lines dying off,” she explained. “It had already happened with other species. The humans told stories of what the early settlers in North America found. They talked about the native people who still worshipped the spirits of the land. These humans often sought out their spirit animal. It seemed like the answer to our problems. So, the wood nymphs of Europe sent the second born daughter from every woman to North America to start new clans. My grandmother was one of the early settlers.”
“How did your kind manage a long sea voyage? I thought you had to be close to the woods to survive.”
“It was a little like the Christian tales of Noah and his ark. They put the nymphs on ships with saplings and mated pairs of the animals that the nymphs were bonded with. To avoid any overcrowding of animals, they tried to transport nymphs with the same animal together. That’s how we ended up in clans that tended to have similar animals. It’s also how humans in this country ended up having strange sightings of animals that shouldn’t live in this country and some that people believe are extinct.”
Connor shook his head. “A ship? That’s really disappointing, I was hoping for some sort of mystical explanation like a magical gate between the continents.”
She snorted. “I see someone has been reading too many of Jack’s fantasy books.”
“It may surprise you to hear that there haven’t been many books written about the history of wood nymphs.”
That made her giggle. “I would imagine not.” She waited, obviously expecting him to say more. “So, did you come out here to discuss wood nymph travel practices? Or, did you just miss me?”
He pulled her onto his lap and held her against his chest. He knew he should tell her about what they suspected after interrogating the captives, but he wanted to wait until they knew more. He was sure it would mean that he’d have to let her go, and he wanted to wait until things were confirmed.
“I want you to start taking your weapons with you when we leave the settlement. I also want you to teach some of my people how to use them.”
That made her smile. Raven loved her eskrima sticks. They’d had more access to guns when she’d first joined the human world so she knew how to use them, but they’d been hard to come by for many years. Her modified eskrima sticks were a great source of pride for her. They were something that she and her father had created together. He’d been the one to teach her how to use them. Then she’d come up with the idea of make them usable as stakes. They weren’t popular among the other humans. Only her friend, Layla, used them now.
“Okay, but I have to warn you,” she said with a wicked smile, “I’m very good with my eskrima sticks, and they aren’t as easy to use as they look.”
“You’re pretty cocky, little nymph,” he said with a smile. “I had several sets made up after I asked you to show me how to use them before. They don’t seem that heavy. I’m sure we’ll get the hang of it quickly.”
“We’ll see,” she said. “Tell me how your wrists feel after the first lesson.”


Chapter Thirty‑One
Raven watched with a satisfied smile as Connor rubbed his wrists. He’d been so cocky about this training, just like the others. They’d gotten even worse when Norah had shown up. Everyone had insisted that it was a bad idea because Norah wasn’t much of a fighter. Norah was a fast learner, and she’d quickly put the others to shame. Her wrists were sore too, but she wasn’t rubbing them. Raven was feeling pretty proud of her new friend.
She knew Norah was still having a hard time adjusting to life without Rand. Norah also felt somewhat left behind by all of her childhood friends. They were all part of the council that ruled this vampire locality, except for Norah. While she’d fought with them during the initial revolution, she’d always felt that she was more of a liability than an asset.
It seemed that Norah was tired of hiding in her house and letting others take care of her. Raven knew this was a way to give her friend some confidence. Even if Norah never fought a real opponent, she would know that she could. Her friends, who’d been coddling her since the death of her husband, would know that she could fight too.
“You did great!” Raven said to Norah and gave her a one‑armed hug.
“I’ve changed my mind,” Simon said to Connor. “I wouldn’t keep her tied to my bed all of the time. I’d take the badass nymph out to fight with me.”
Ian gave a genuine smile as he studied Raven with Norah. “I’m surprised you aren’t fantasizing about both of them. They look pretty damn hot.”
“Ew!” Simon said as he looked at Norah. “Norah’s like a sister to me. That would just be gross. “
“That didn’t stop Connor,” Shelby chimed in.
“I’m pretty sure that incest is the least of Connor’s sins,” Ian said in a light tone that caught Raven off guard.
“Um, hello,” Norah said with a hand in the air. “Did you idiots forget that we’re standing right here?”
“They’re acting like douche sacks,” Raven said.
Everyone burst into laughter. Connor wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close.
“I didn’t get that one right, did I?” she asked.
“Close,” Connor said as he tried to contain his laughter. “I think I like it better the way you say it.”
“It’s not nice to tease me,” Raven said with a pout.
“Yeah, Con,” Ian said, his lips twitching, “stop being a douche sack.”
That caused them to all burst into another fit of laughter.
They all quickly sobered when Raven asked, “What did you find out from the turned vampires you questioned yesterday?”
“What makes you think we learned anything?” Simon asked casually.
“Lucky guess,” Raven said dryly. “You’ve all been dancing around this subject when I’m in the room. As much as I like seeing you work together on something, I’m not thrilled about you working together to hide things from me.”
Connor dropped his arm to his side. “Nothing concrete yet, but there is something off about all of this. We think the newly turned vampires are being controlled by someone, but we don’t know who or why. We’re taking Mitchell, the turned vampire we have, over to see Dr. Moon as soon as we clean up. Hopefully, he can come up with some answers.”
“We all felt it was better to put off telling you any of this until we had more information,” Simon added.
Raven glared at Connor and worked hard to resist the temptation to smack him with one of her sticks. Without thinking, she widened her stance into a more defensive pose. “You all decided to lie to me? I get that I’m not one of you so I’m not on the need to know list, but why are you telling me that you were avoiding telling me? What am I missing?”
No one said anything. All three men looked down at their feet. Shelby pretended she didn’t hear the question.
Finally, Norah spoke. “This is the first I’ve heard about any of this, but I’m guessing that they think your human settlement might be at risk too.”
Raven gasped. “If it is, then what?” she asked with a shaky voice.
“That’ll be up to you,” Connor said.
“Don’t say something stupid,” Ian warned. “You know I think you’re a moron for what you’re about to say. Just keep your mouth shut until you’ve thought this through.”
Connor ignored him. “If they are at risk, we can try to send them a message but they likely won’t get it. Even if they do, they probably won’t believe us.”
Raven nodded. “They’ll think it’s some sort of trap. They don’t even know that there’s a difference between born and turned vampires.”
“The other option is that we can send you back to warn them,” Connor said as he stared down at his boots.
“You would just let me go back?” she asked.
Connor nodded. “I don’t want to, but I’ll let you decide. That’s only if we find strong evidence that your human settlement is at risk. Keep in mind that they may not believe a word you say.”
Raven’s throat closed up. She wasn’t sure what to say. She wanted to go home, right? That’s what she’d wanted from the beginning, and now she might get to. Of course, that would mean her friends were in danger.
“I want to go over to see Muriel and the baby,” Raven said softly.
“I’ll walk you over now,” Connor said.
“Norah can take me,” Raven said.
She saw the hurt look on Connor’s face, but he quickly masked it.
“Fine,” he said. “I’ll come by to pick you up after we come back from seeing Dr. Moon.”
Raven nodded and walked off with Norah by her side.


Chapter Thirty‑Two
“Do you need me to stay with you?” Norah asked as they neared Muriel’s home.
Raven was just about to tell Norah that she didn’t need her to stay when she realized that Norah really wanted to stay. After Rand’s death, Norah had become too isolated and didn’t know how to rejoin her friends. Well, that was just the impression Raven got.
“I’d like that,” Raven said, and she saw the relief in Norah’s eyes. “I’m sure Jack would like you to visit too. Do you know Muriel well?”
Norah shook her head. “Not really,” she admitted. “Jack brought her here shortly after I lost Rand. I was in a really bad place at that time. I wouldn’t even see Connor, and he’s my best friend.”
Norah’s pace slowed and finally she just stopped. Raven hated to see the sadness that was taking hold of Norah. “They didn’t bring Rand’s body back. The attack was too unexpected and he was with new troops. None of them really knew what to do, so they panicked. We sent out teams later to recover his body, but they never found it. Since it was humans that attacked, they probably burned his body. Connor asked the Treasure Island settlement to let us know if they heard anything about him. I avoided people because I didn’t want to hear that Rand was gone. If I didn’t see his body, I figured I could keep believing he’d come back to me. For a long time, I kept expecting him to just walk in our front door. Some days, I still do.”
Raven nodded her understanding. “I can see why you would have a hard time accepting he was gone.”
“I hated Jack a little for bringing a human from one of the enemy settlements here,” she said with her head bowed slightly. “I kept wondering if her friends or family had killed Rand. I wasn’t exactly a good friend to Jack or anyone else at that time. I know the humans didn’t just attack Rand. The vampires who made it back here said the humans were terrified of them. Rand tried to stop things without killing anyone. It just got out of hand. Still, I hated them for taking Rand from me.”
“I’m sure Jack understands why you were so distant,” Raven said. “He hardly seems like the type to hold a grudge.”
Norah smiled and started up the walkway to Jack and Muriel’s home. “Nope, he’s always been pretty easygoing. Even when we were living in that hell hole of a reservation, Jack was pretty upbeat. I’ve really missed him.”
Raven knocked on the door quietly. She didn’t want to wake the baby if he was sleeping. Then she reached over and squeezed Norah’s hand. “You’ll really like Muriel.”
Jack opened the door with the baby in his arms. “I was wondering when the two of you were going to stop talking about me and knock on the door.” His tone was light, but Raven saw that his eyes were heavy with emotion as he looked at Norah.
“Oh, and he’s always had really good hearing,” Norah said with an amused grin.
“Come on in,” Jack said. “Con sent me a message saying you’d be here for a few hours. Muriel is napping, but she’ll be up soon.”
They followed Jack into the house where he settled into a chair with his son snuggled close to his chest. Not once did he offer to let them hold the baby. Much to Raven’s surprise, Dr. Troll had come to Jack and Muriel’s house to take care of Muriel and the baby so they wouldn’t have to risk travel. Since everything was fine, she’d cut the cord and told them there was no reason to go to the hospital. Connor had given Raven that update when she’d woken up in the morning.
“You know,” Norah started, “we came here to hold the baby, not watch you hold him.”
“His name is Cole,” Jack said, “and you can hold him if you’re going to feed him. Little demon is going to start screaming bloody murder soon.”
“I just realized that I never asked if he’s a vampire or a human,” Raven said and looked over at Norah. “Did they do a blood test or something to find out?”
“Oh, he’s a vampire,” Norah said with an amused grin. “You wanna feed him?”
“How exactly do I feed him?” Raven asked suspiciously. “Does he take a bottle? Muriel isn’t breastfeeding?”
Jack laughed at her. “A vampire baby only drinks milk from his mother for the first twelve hours. After that, he needs blood. To feed him just hold the bag up to his mouth,” Jack explained. “He’ll do the rest.”
“Okay,” Raven said. “That doesn’t sound too hard.”
Jack stood up and gestured with his shoulder. “Why don’t you get her the apron from over there, Norah?”
Norah brought over a heavy apron and helped Raven into it. Then Jack handed her Cole, and Raven felt her heart melt at the feel of this tiny baby in her arms. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d held a baby. More and more humans were deciding against having children. They didn’t want to bring them into such an uncertain world. The ones who had children, usually hadn’t intended to. Birth control wasn’t available so people relied on counting days and pulling out. The women she knew who got pregnant were sequestered and Raven rarely saw them again, except in passing.
Little Cole started to fuss as Jack went into the kitchen. Raven nearly swallowed her tongue when she looked at his mouth.  “He has fangs!”
Norah laughed. “I could see them under the gum line when he was born. They pop out twelve to fourteen hours after birth. Luckily, they don’t need their mother’s milk after that.”
“Here you go,” Jack said as he handed her a small bag of blood.
“What do I do with it?” she asked as she studied the bag and the squirming baby.
“Hold it near his mouth,” Jack explained. “When he opens, slide it in some.”
Raven jerked back a little when Cole latched on to the bag and blood splattered onto the apron.
Jack and Norah laughed at her. “Maybe you should spend more time feeding Cole so you get used to it. I’m not sure if you’ll have wood nymph babies or vampire babies with Con,” Jack said, and Norah smacked his arm.
Raven frowned. “Who said anything about having babies?”
“Hey,” Jack said with his hands up in surrender, “I know that you aren’t planning them now but eventually it’s gonna happen. You two always look like you can’t keep your hands off of each other, and I could tell you had that baby urge when Cole was born.”
“I might have to leave,” Raven said softly.
“What are you talking about?” Muriel asked as she came down the stairs dressed in sweat pants and a baggy shirt. It had only been a day since Cole’s birth so Muriel still had the roundness to her belly. Overall, she had the radiant look of a new mother. Raven had always been amazed at how humans felt that it was important to get back to their pre‑baby bodies right away. When she’d first started living with them and heard them refer to themselves as fat after childbirth, she’d been shocked. Wood nymphs took great pride in the changes to their body that came from having a baby. They were considered more feminine. A post baby body was a thing of beauty that humans didn’t seem to appreciate.
“You look beautiful,” Raven said to her friend.
Muriel blushed. “Thank you, but you can’t change the subject, Raven. Where do you expect to go? I thought Connor wouldn’t let you leave, and I thought you were getting used to things here. Why are you talking about leaving all of a sudden? Did Connor do something? I swear that stupid vampire has no idea how lucky he is to have you.”
“Calm down,” Jack said as he put a comforting arm around his wife’s waist.
“I am calm,” Muriel said, and then took a deep breath. “I just want to know what’s going on.”
“Connor thinks the humans at the settlement where we lived might be in danger,” Raven explained. She was grateful for the distraction. Feeding a very messy vampire baby wasn’t exactly relaxing. Actually, it might be the most disgusting thing she’d ever done. She was very thankful for the apron, which was now splattered with blood. “He said that if it turns out that there is a threat, I can go back to warn our friends.”
“You want to leave us?” Muriel asked with a hurt look, and then she calmed down and shook her head. “What am I saying? Someone has to warn them if there’s danger, and you’re the best choice. I just hate the idea of you leaving. You won’t be able to come back, will you?” There was a desperate, pleading note to Muriel’s voice.
Raven opened her mouth, ready to reassure her friend, but she closed it with a sigh. “I think he’s done,” she said as she looked down at Cole. The bag wasn’t completely empty, but he was dozing with blood dripping down his chin.
Jack dabbed Cole’s chin with a burp cloth and then took him. “I’d better burp him in the other room. I’m not sure how you’ll react if he spits up on you.”
“That is not an image I wanted to have,” Raven said with a shudder of revulsion.
Muriel sat down beside her, and Norah sat in the chair at the farthest end of the room.
“I don’t want you to leave me,” Muriel said. “I’ve been so much less lonely since you got here.”
“I’m not saying goodbye,” Raven assured her. “We don’t even know if it’s going to come to that. They might decide that there’s no risk to the humans. Connor might change his mind about letting me go.” Raven was torn on that. Part of her hoped he wouldn’t be able to let her go. Mostly, she knew she would never forgive herself if her friends died and she could have prevented it.
“I hope our friends aren’t in any danger. Connor won’t want to let you go, but he loves you too much to deny you the chance to help people who you care about,” Muriel said.
Raven snorted. “Connor isn’t quite as annoyed about having me around and we enjoy sex together, but he doesn’t love me.”
“He does,” Norah argued. “He’s never acted this way with anyone before.”
“He’s never been forced to keep a captive before,” Raven argued. “I’m not saying he’d be happy about letting me go. We both really enjoy the sex and I know he’d miss it, but that doesn’t mean he’s in love.” Raven really wanted to change the subject quickly. She loved Connor. There wasn’t a doubt in her mind, but she knew it wasn’t reciprocated. Sure Connor treated her well, but it was just because she was one of the people in his care. He took care of all of his people.
“You should spend more time with Norah,” Raven said. “You’ll really like her.”
“I feel like I’m being fixed up on a date,” Norah said dryly.
Jack walked back into the room and settled Cole into Muriel’s arms. “Should I leave you ladies alone to talk?”
Muriel looked up and gave him a loving smile. “You should go upstairs and take a nap while you can.”
Jack nodded and headed upstairs.
“Cole isn’t sleeping very well,” Muriel explained.
“He’ll get the hang of it,” Norah assured her. “Vampire babies are the worst sleepers in the world for about six months. That’s how long it takes their bodies to start to store the nutrients from the blood. They only need to feed every one to two hours until now.”
“So, six months without sleep?” Muriel said a little desperately.
“Pretty much,” Norah said. “If it helps, Connor won’t expect Jack to do any work until then. It seems like you’ve already got a trade off sleep schedule going. A lot of parents don’t get that down for a week or more.”
Muriel nodded. “It was Jack’s idea. We each do four‑hour stretches. He says we can do longer ones once I stop waking up and looking for Cole every few hours.”
“I’ve gotta ask something,” Raven said.
“What’s that?” Norah asked.
“How did they handle feeding the vampire babies before bagged blood? I’m assuming that when the first babies came they weren’t provided bagged blood.”
“Well, it didn’t take long for the humans to have us all on bagged blood, but the babies were a problem at first,” Norah said. “From what I’ve heard, some of the babies died because they weren’t offered blood. Most took it from a vein. They have fangs and it’s possible. The problem is that they’re messy little buggers, and they clamp down hard. There were a lot of feeding related injuries and fatalities. Some babies weren’t offered blood at all. Either their mother’s didn’t know what to do or they just didn’t want to. Not all of the first vampire babies were wanted. A lot of mothers thought their babies would be better off dead than living as vampires.”
Raven felt terrible for the poor babies who never had a chance at survival. The Moon virus had cost so many people their lives, and those who had survived were changed forever. Humans and vampires both continued to suffer one‑hundred years later.
The rest of their visit was nice. Norah and Muriel really did get along well. It helped that Muriel was grateful to Norah for helping to bring her son into the world.  Muriel was also a naturally warm and loving person. As a result, Norah felt more at ease with her. Raven was comforted knowing that Muriel would have a friend no matter what happened. Sure, Shelby and Carla were nice to Muriel, but they didn’t seem to click with her. It was likely because of Shelby’s tendency to discuss gory fights in graphic detail. Raven didn’t mind because she wasn’t normally very squeamish. Muriel wasn’t really comfortable with violence. She could fight, but she’d never liked it. Norah seemed to be the same. Yep, they were definitely going to be good friends.


Chapter Thirty‑Three
Connor and Ian took Mitchell to see Dr. Moon with a very small contingent of guards. He wanted to keep most of his guards at the settlement in case there was another attack, even though he suspected there wouldn’t be one this soon.
The blood had definitely helped Mitchell. They’d managed to get four bags into him, and he’d started to fill out. He seemed more coherent, even if he still couldn’t remember a lot of things. Surprisingly, his heart was beating stronger too. Needless to say, Dr. Moon was fascinated.
“Well, I need to wait for the lab results to come back before we decide what to do next. I wish I could have tested your blood before the transition. I’m not sure if traces of cancer or HIV will show up in your blood now.”
“I remember being healthy,” Mitchell said as he rubbed his hands nervously.
“Do you know if your heart ever stopped beating?” Dr. Moon asked.
Mitchell thought for a moment and then shook his head. “I remember that our hearts keep beating for a couple of days, sometimes a week. They usually check, but I think mine should have stopped already.”
Dr. Moon grabbed his stethoscope and listened. “Seems to be quite strong now,” he said with a nod. “Have any of your memories returned?”
Mitchell shook his head. “No, but I haven’t lost any more. This is the first time I’ve gone a night without struggling to keep my identity.”
“He took four bags of blood,” Ian said. “I thought he needed five, but he wouldn’t drink anymore.”
If Connor didn’t know better, he’d swear that Ian was acting like a nervous father.
Dr. Moon nodded. “I think we should continue to give as much blood as possible. In the meantime, I want to analyze the properties of the virus to see how it compares to the original virus. I also want to check for anything out of the ordinary in his blood. He may have been fed blood that was tainted in some way.”
Mitchell blew out a frustrated breath. “I guess I’m not as much help as you thought I’d be,” he said.
“You’re a big help,” Dr. Moon assured him. “You have no idea what answers your blood may hold. You could save many lives.”
Mitchell ducked his head.
“What are the chances that the Moon virus was intentionally altered?” Connor asked.
“I would be willing to bet on it,” Dr. Moon said. “If the virus hasn’t mutated in a century, it seems unlikely that it would suddenly do so. The question, who altered it?”
“I’m still voting for humans,” Ian said.
Dr. Moon considered the suggestion. “It seems unlikely. They would need access to lab equipment. As I understand it, most of the settlements are quite primitive. I doubt there are many with the education for something like this. My guess would be vampires.”
“I agree,” Connor said. “Like I said before, the humans hate vampires. Why would they make more of them?”
“So, you think it might be one of our people?” Ian asked.
Connor shrugged. “It’s possible but not likely. That would be hard to keep under wraps. I mean, where would they even hide that many turned vampires?”
“Then it must be another territory trying to take over,” Ian said. “Still, that doesn’t make sense. I mean, why would they call us blood brats? That’s a human term.”
“A very old human term,” Dr. Moon said. “The humans who used it have long since died. Maybe they’re using that term to try to make it look like humans.”
“Then they’re idiots,” Connor said. “For now, I say we just see what comes of the lab results and hope that Mitchell’s memories return.”
“I should have some answers about his blood work in about a week. Some of it will be back today but other tests will take longer,” Dr. Moon explained. “We should get him a room here so I can perform other tests.”
Mitchell looked uneasy.
“I’ll bring him back for any tests he needs,” Ian said, surprising them all.
“It might be best if he stays here,” Connor said. “I don’t like the idea of keeping him in a cell all week. The room could be secured so he can’t hurt anyone, but he’ll be comfortable.”
“He can stay with me,” Ian insisted, and Connor didn’t miss the look of relief on Mitchell’s face.
Reluctantly, Connor nodded his agreement.


Chapter Thirty‑Four
Connor didn’t come to pick up Raven until nearly dark. Muriel was exhausted when he got there, so it was definitely time to leave. She’d refused to sleep until Raven left.
Raven hugged Muriel close which caused her friend to start weeping. Raven hoped the post‑baby hormones settled down soon.
“I don’t want you to leave me!” Muriel wailed.
“Muriel,” Raven said patiently, “I just said that Connor will let me go back if there is a danger to our friends. You know that I’ll try to come back to see you if that happens. I’m not even sure how we got onto that stupid hypothetical discussion, but it’s pretty unlikely that I’ll need to leave, right Connor?”
Connor let out a weary sigh. “I want to reassure you that everything is fine and we don’t think your friends are in danger, but I just don’t know,” he admitted. “Dr. Moon is running some tests to figure out what’s going on with the virus, but he won’t have any answers for a week. I just don’t have enough information to make a good guess.”
Raven felt her unease grow, but she merely nodded and hugged her friend again. Raven pasted a bright smile on her face to reassure Muriel that everything was fine. The last thing she wanted to do was upset her friend even more. “See? If Connor thought there was any way he could give us a doom and gloom prediction he would. He has no idea what’s going on, and it might be nothing. Maybe it’s just a fluke with a few turned vampires.”
Muriel nodded and seemed to relax some, but Raven knew she was lying to her friend. She knew Connor was worried and suspected something really bad. They all remained silent on the drive to Norah’s home. Norah lived just down the street and assured them she could walk, but Connor refused to let her.
“Are we going to have another lesson tomorrow?” Norah asked.
Connor laughed, but it was a distracted laugh. “Sure, but I don’t know how many people will show up for it. Ian and Simon were both a little sore today.”
“And you?” Raven asked.
“Me too,” he admitted with the first genuine smile he’d given her since arriving to pick her up. “I’ll make sure you can do the lesson for Norah.”
“Nine?” Norah asked.
Connor nodded. He walked her to the front door and waited for her to go in before heading back to the jeep.
“Bad trip into the city?” Raven asked to make conversation.
Connor shrugged but didn’t answer. The trip home was tense. Raven knew Connor was on edge about everything that was happening, but he also seemed somehow distant. Actually, he seemed almost angry. She looked out at the streets as they drove from Norah’s house to Connor’s.
“You’ve been a really good friend to Norah,” Connor said. “I wish I’d introduced you to her when you first got here. She’s been pretty closed off from the rest of the world. For a while, I thought losing Rand would kill her. She only started opening up to me about six months ago and even then, she didn’t want to leave her house.”
“You love her?” Raven asked.
“Yes,” Connor said with a nod. His eyes took on a distant thoughtful look.
Raven felt a little jealous. Not that she thought Connor loved Norah in a romantic way, but Connor definitely loved her. They had a bond that had lasted for nearly a century. Raven’s friends all had limited life spans. She hadn’t seen any of the wood nymphs from her old life in years. At first, she would occasionally see one of them when she was running through the woods, but it seemed like they had decided to avoid her in the last fifty years or so. She’d never really fit in anyway, but it had been comforting to see people she’d known since childhood. It was sometimes hard to be surrounded by people who were just going to die. That was one thing that was comforting about the vampires. Of course, Connor could still be killed in any number of ways. He was a warrior, and that meant he put his life at risk most days. Still, he wouldn’t grow old or contract one of the myriad of diseases that plagued humans.
Finally, Connor spoke. “I think Norah is probably my best friend, and that’s another reason I feel like such a dick for avoiding her when you got here. It is a little ironic though.”
“Why is that?” Raven asked.
“Norah did her best to avoid me after she met Rand. It was funny because she really hated him at first, or so she told Jack. I couldn’t get anywhere near her. The woman managed to avoid me for nearly a month, and I couldn’t figure out why. It was really starting to piss me off. I still get mad when I think about it.” He had a far off happy look on his face. Despite his words, it was obviously a good memory. “So, I decided that I was going to track her down and make her explain herself. When I finally found her, she looked like she was about to punch Rand in the face. It was a shock since Norah is the least confrontational vampire I know. Well, maybe my mother is less confrontational, but Norah’s a close second. Oh, and Rand was also well over a foot taller than Norah. The man was huge.”
“What did you do?”
“Nothing,” Connor said. “I mean, I was going to step in when Rand leaned forward to argue with Norah. That is until she grabbed Rand’s hair and kissed him. I could already tell that I didn’t want to be around for the rest of that confrontation.”
“So, you just walked way?” Raven asked. She didn’t think that sounded much like Connor.
“Well,” he said, obviously amused, “I took a picture on my phone first and sent it to her. I figured it would save her the trouble of telling me what was going on. I think she was afraid that my feelings would be hurt or something like that. We’d been sleeping together off and on for decades.”
“Is that why you didn’t introduce me to her?” Raven asked.
“Nope,” he said. “I knew she wouldn’t be jealous or angry. Norah’s my best friend, and I was worried that she’d tell me something I didn’t want to hear. In fact, the first time I saw her after you got here, she made me realize just how much I wanted you. Part of me was afraid you’d be bothered by the fact that I’d slept with her, but mostly I was afraid she’d see things I didn’t want to admit to.”
Raven’s breath hitched in her throat. She wanted so much to hear that she really mattered to Connor. At the same time, she didn’t want to hear those words. Wouldn’t it make it harder to do the right thing if her friends were in danger?  How would she leave Connor if he told her that he really did care for her? What if he loved her? She dared a quick look at him and his eyes held such need, such desire, and such love that it was almost her undoing.
They were in the driveway to his house now, and Connor was staring at her expectantly. She wasn’t sure what he was hoping she’d say, but she could tell that there was something he wanted from her. No, that was a lie. She knew what he wanted to hear, and she felt like a coward for denying him. Maybe she could have said it if she hadn’t suddenly realized that he really cared for her. It seemed like such a cruel thing to profess her love for him when she might have to leave. It would be better for him to think his feelings weren’t reciprocated and that she didn’t suspect his feelings for her.
She looked down at her hands and laughed nervously.”I guess it’s lucky for you that I’m such a pain in the ass. There’s no way you have to worry about falling in love with me.”
Connor sighed and got out of the jeep. Raven stepped out and he was already around to her side. He took her hand in his, and she looked up into his eyes. The light from the full moon framed Connor’s face, making him look fiercer. She reached out to stroke his cheek, and he caught her hand against his face. They stood there for a long time, just staring at each other. The spell was finally broken by Fang’s howl.
Connor looked over and smiled at Fang, who was watching them from the window. “Poor boy is lonely after being left here all day. I should have taken him with me.”
Raven nodded. “We really should go upstairs and spend time with him. He’ll be ready to rejoin his pack soon.”
Connor shook his head. “He doesn’t want to. He might if you leave, but for now he’s happy with our pack. We may need to find a mate for him when he’s older.”
Once again, Raven was shocked by Connor’s understanding of the wolf’s desires. He was right; Fang did want to stay with them. Fang considered them pack. “Did something happen in the woods the day we found Fang?”
“You mean other than getting attacked by turned vampires and adopting a wolf?” he asked.
She laughed, but she knew it sounded forced. She was probably reading too much into this. Maybe he was just guessing Fang’s feelings by the way he acted. There was no reason to feel suspicious, or hopeful.


Chapter Thirty‑Five
Graham was so angry that he knew he was going to have to kill someone. It was the only way to relieve the tension building inside of him. It’s not like his orders were that damn hard to follow. The fact that Miles was witnessing this, made it even worse.
“So, you’re telling me that you attacked the blood brat settlement,” Graham said calmly.
“Yes,” the man said as he fidgeted nervously by the door. Graham hadn’t offered him a seat. Only Graham, Miles, and two women were seated. The idiot was left standing.
“When did I tell you to attack the settlement?” Graham asked in a bored tone meant to keep some of his rage masked. It wouldn’t be good to have people figure out how much this bothered him, especially Miles. Miles already looked pissy. Probably because Graham hadn’t told him about the attack. Fucking prick probably couldn’t wait to run off and tell Roger about it.
“You said we would attack in a week,” the idiot mumbled as he stared at his own shoes. “After we regrouped here.”
“Then why did you attack early?” Graham asked.
“The guards were distracted at the gate,” he explained quickly, his eyes now on Graham’s. “They’d also let up the guard on the roads. It seemed like the perfect time.”
“Would you give us a moment to discuss this unpleasantness?” Graham said to the women. Both were attractive women who’d only been allowed into his inner circle as possible breeders. They acted as figureheads on the leadership council, but there was no need for them to be involved in this.
They both smiled and hurried out of the room without a word. His eyes stayed on their retreating forms for a moment. He did like a well‑trained female.
Graham rose and walked over to the idiot. He struck the man’s nose which made a satisfying crunching sound as it broke. Behind him, he heard the clank of silverware as Miles continued to eat.
The idiot didn’t cry out, but he did reach up to cover his bleeding nose. The turned vampires that the idiot had brought into the room with him began to make growling noises. The blood called to them, and their growls made the idiot shake slightly.
Graham loved the fear in the other man’s eyes.
“Had you waited a week, the gates would have been even less heavily guarded. We also would have had more expendable vampires with you,” Graham snapped. “Now, you’ve cost me several valuable vampires and as I understand it, they took two of them alive.”
The idiot’s voice shook. “Who cares if they have the vampires? They’re all expendable, and they can’t exactly be questioned.”
Graham shoved the man against the wall and spun around. “Are you really that stupid? Some of the newly turned vampires take longer to lose all of their memories. We had to send out new vampires. The idea was to send in the expendable ones with no memory. We wanted it to look like a simple attack by turned vampires with no real planning.”
“I’m sorry,” the idiot said softly. “I thought I was doing the right thing.”
“Your job is not to think,” Graham hissed without turning back toward the idiot. “Your job is to follow my orders.”
“Perhaps the problem is with the leadership,” Miles mused around a mouthful of food.
Graham cringed but didn’t turn around. “Yes, Miles,” he finally said in a pleasant voice, “I’ve been much too kind and forgiving of failure.”
Graham looked at the turned vampires who stood motionless by the door. He could hear their rumbling growls and saw the tips of their fangs hanging over their bottom lips. They were hungry, and the smell of blood was inciting their hunger more. Still, they followed orders. They never questioned him and never thought for themselves. They were the perfect army. They were far superior to the idiot human standing in front of him now. Pity, he couldn’t get all humans trained this well.
“Take him back to the holding area and eat him,” he told the vampires.
He could hear the idiot begging and screaming as the vampires dragged him away. Graham wanted to watch but not enough to deal with the mess and the smell. Too bad he didn’t have security cameras in the holding area. At one time they had, but supplies had been hard to come by for decades. Soon that would change. Soon everything would be as it should be. He would find a way to fix the mess that the recent attack had caused.
“You’re becoming unstable, my friend,” Miles said around another bite of food. “Maybe it’s time for you to step down.”
“Step down?” Graham hissed.
“Only temporarily,” Miles said. “The stress seems to be getting to you.”
Graham stalked out of the room to find one of the females. If he didn’t relieve some tension soon, he was going to put a steak knife in Miles’ eye. That would be a shame since it was his fantasy for Roger. How dare Miles suggest that he step down! How dare Miles make him even angrier! It was definitely time for a new inner circle.
No, he needed to be patient. For now, it was best to avoid any major changes. He could be patient. As soon as things were more settled, he was going to give in to that steak knife fantasy with Roger, and he’d come up with something equally pleasant for Miles.
For now, he’d have to satisfy himself by strangling one of the females during sex. That really had been fun the last time. It was a pity to lose an obedient female, but what other choice did he have?


Chapter Thirty‑Six
It was no surprise to Raven that Norah was the only one left training with the eskrima sticks by the end of the week. It also didn’t surprise her that Norah was quickly moving toward being an expert with them. Despite her sore muscles, Norah continued to train every day and would keep at it for hours. She always seemed disappointed when Raven had to stop. Raven had almost missed her shift at the school more than once. Luckily, they’d started using Norah’s yard which was only a few blocks from the school.
Today Raven wasn’t working at the school so she’d brought Fang with her. He was watching them with only mild curiosity. Actually, he was pouting because Raven had scolded him when he’d tried to fight Norah to get one of her sticks. Norah had insisted that he was just playing, but Raven could understand his thoughts pretty well and he was definitely not in a playful mood at that moment. He didn’t consider Norah part of his pack, and he’d taken offense to her landing a blow to Raven’s back. Apparently, Fang didn’t know what training was. Now they had one stick with teeth marks in it. Had Connor been there, Fang would have released the stick right away. It annoyed Raven that he behaved better with Connor around.
Raven knew Connor was coming when Fang jumped up and ran to the gate. Sure enough, within moments Connor came through the gate. Raven was dreading his return. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to see him. No, she always wanted to see him. She just couldn’t shake the sense of impending doom that she’d been feeling since he’d left before dawn. He’d gone into the city to see Dr. Moon about Mitchell’s lab results. To be honest, Raven had struggled all week with what she was hoping for. Part of her still desperately wanted to return to her old life, but that would mean leaving Connor. How was she supposed to do that? Of course, going back would also mean that her friends were in danger.
Connor’s grim expression said that the news was bad, but Raven knew that could mean many things. He nodded to Norah which must have been some hidden message.
“I’m going inside for a bag. I skipped breakfast,” Norah said. “Can I bring anything out to either of you?”
“No, but thank you,” Raven said without taking her eyes off of Connor.
“I’m good,” Connor said as he absently patted Fang.
When they heard the door close, Connor walked over and lifted Raven up so he could kiss her without bending down. Raven immediately wrapped her legs around his waist and completely surrendered to the moment. All of the tension his arrival had brought was lost as she felt the heat build inside of her. It was always this way with Connor.
Finally, he released her mouth, but he didn’t set her down right away. “You weigh next to nothing, but you are probably the strongest woman I know.”
Raven laughed. “I wonder what Shelby would say if I told her that.”
Connor cringed. “Don’t tell her. It’s true, but she’s still scarier than you are.” He finally set her down and went to sit with his back against Norah’s pine tree. Maybe she was rubbing off on him because he’d become much more comfortable with the nature around him since they’d met.
Raven sat down beside him and then Fang joined them and put his head on Connor’s lap.
“You’re going to get sap on you if you spend too much time close to a pine tree,” she warned him.
“Then I guess we’ll both be trying to get sap out of our hair together,” he said with a smile.
“Not me,” she said. “Sap soaks right into my hair.”
“Ah, another great wood nymph talent,” he said and then fell silent for a short time. “Dr. Moon is convinced that someone has been intentionally mutating the virus so that the turned vampires aren’t as crazed,” Connor finally said.
“You already knew that,” Raven said. “Mitchell told you that when you interrogated him.”
“We suspected, it but we weren’t sure,” Connor said. “Mitchell’s pretty confused and doesn’t have a lot of his memories. We couldn’t go by what he said. Well, we were pretty sure he was telling us the truth, but we needed it confirmed. His blood work showed a strange mutation of the virus. We don’t really know what’s going on completely, but Ian was able to help Mitchell remember more. We actually think he might regain all of his memories eventually.”
“This could be good, right?” Raven asked. “I mean, this could make the turned vampires less dangerous.”
Connor looked away and watched Fang stalk a bird. “They’re being told who to attack. They’re being sent out to kill. Whoever is creating them is trying to build an army they can control. They give them something that makes them want to obey the orders they’re given. Dr. Moon found something in their blood but he can’t identify it. These vampires are actually more dangerous because they only do what they’re told. Mitchell remembers experiments and others being sent out. He remembers being human and kept in a cage with other humans. He remembers his family being taken. Someone is rounding up humans to experiment on. I still don’t know who, but I have to assume that it’s vampires.”
“I have to warn my friends,” she said desperately.
He let out a deep sigh. “I know. It’s killing me because I really want to go with you. I hate sending you back there without knowing if they’ll hurt you.”
“Connor,” she said with a hand on his heart, “these are my friends. They trust me and they won’t hurt me. How will this impact your power struggle here?”
“Simon isn’t happy about you leaving but it’s because he’s worried about you. He agreed to support my decision on this. Well, your decision. Ian is still on the fence, but Simon can change his mind. We’ll play it off as my decision, but the truth is that I love you too much to make this choice for you. At first, you were just a problem that I didn’t want to deal with. Okay, you also made me really hard, but I was still wishing that you’d gotten away. Then you were almost an obsession. I wanted nothing more than to find a way to keep you with me always. Now, I just want you to be happy. If you told me that you would be happiest if we never saw each other again, I’d let you go. At least, I think I’d let you go,” he admitted. “This situation is different. Now, I know I can let you go because you’d never forgive me if your friends were hurt and we could have prevented it.”
Raven pressed her face against his chest and fought back tears. “I could never be happier without you. I don’t want to leave you, but I have to do this.”
He let out a weary sigh. “I know and it’s one of the things I love about you. You’re brave, strong, and loyal. I was so fucking jealous of your loyalty to your friends at first. I didn’t know that was what I was feeling. I thought it was just that I believed your loyalty was foolish. Finally, it hit me that I wanted that from you.”
“You have it,” Raven said as she looked into his eyes. “I won’t betray you to my friends. I would never betray you or your people.”
“That’s going to make it even harder for you to convince your friends that you’re still on their side. They’ll want information about how to take us down.”
Raven shrugged. “I don’t care about the danger to me. I still won’t betray you. Besides, I really do believe my friends won’t hurt me.”
“I hate this,” Connor said as he rested his head against the tree and closed his eyes. “I wish there was another way to send the warning to them. Actually, I wish you would just let them deal with it on their own. I don’t care about them. I’m only doing this for you.”
“Connor,” she said. “I didn’t want to say this because I knew it was going to make it harder. I still shouldn’t.”
“What is it, little nymph?” he asked as he stroked her cheek with his calloused finger tips.
“I love you,” she said. “I promise that I’ll do everything I can to make it back to you. Maybe Fang will become your spirit animal and I can really show you my world.”
Connor opened his mouth to speak, but a soft knock on the gate interrupted him. He smiled fondly. “Only my mother would knock on Norah’s gate. Come on in, Mom,” he called out louder.
Eloise walked slowly through the gate, looking a little embarrassed about interrupting them. “I’m sorry about disturbing you, Raven,” she said.
“It’s okay, Eloise,” Raven assured her. “Did you need me for something?”
“I called all over and finally someone told me you were here. Would you mind sitting in with the first grade class? Their instructor lost her brother in the recent attack. We’ve been trying to cover her class, but I don’t have anyone this afternoon.”
Raven looked at Connor, hoping he would finish what he was about to say.
“Go ahead,” he said and helped her to her feet. “I’ll pick you up in a few hours.”
He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and left. Raven had never felt so alone. She knew he wanted to put off discussing the details of her return to the human settlement. She supposed that she did too.
With great effort, she forced a smile and walked to the school for what might be her last day there.


Chapter Thirty‑Seven
As the door to Muriel’s home closed behind her, Raven sat on the ground and wept quietly, wondering if she’d just lied to her friend. She’d assured Muriel that she’d come back after warning their friends of the new danger. Of course, if she really believed that it would be easy for her to come back, why did she feel like she might never see Muriel again? Why had she felt the need to promise Jack and Muriel that she wouldn’t tell anyone she’d seen Muriel in the vampire settlement?
She really needed to pull herself together and walk back to the school before Connor came to pick her up. Her decision to see Muriel without telling Connor had been the right one, but she knew he was on edge about her leaving already. Having to track her down would just cause undue stress on her last day with him.
“Why the tears, nymph? I thought you’d be happy about leaving us?”
Raven jerked her head up, startled by Simon’s voice. Her attention had been so focused on wallowing in her own self‑pity that she hadn’t even heard him approach. Simon was leaning casually against one of the support beams for the carport, arms crossed in front of his chest, long blond hair pulled back from his face.
“What are you doing here?” Raven asked. She cringed when she realized how rude she must sound. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you. I’m just surprised to see you here. You don’t seem like the type to want to visit the new baby.”
He gave a little shudder. “Yeah, I’ll pass on that. I’ve seen a vampire baby feed before. Makes me wonder why any born vampire would choose to procreate.”
She gave a weak laugh. “I guess it takes some getting used to. So, why did you come here?”
When she made no move to stand, he came over and squatted down in front of her. “Connor said he was going to pick you up from the school. I had a feeling you’d be here so I decided to come over and have a word with you. I wanted to try one last time to talk you out of going back to your human settlement.”
“I can’t just let them die,” Raven said.
“If I believed they would listen to you, I wouldn’t be so worried,” he explained. “Humans in most of the settlements believe that we have some mystical ability to control their minds.”
“Are you saying you don’t?”
He shook his head. “Just during feeding. I wish we could do half of what they believe. When we first opened up trade with Treasure Island, they were killing every bird they saw because someone had convinced them that we turned into birds and flew. Can you imagine believing in something like that?”
Raven just shook her head. Now might not be the time to mention that there were shapeshifters. It was best if most people didn’t know about them anyway since they were very aggressive. “That is an unusual belief,” she said simply.
“My point is that they are just as likely to believe you as a message from us. Let us bring them a message while you stay here.”
Raven shook her head. “I really do appreciate you trying to keep me safe, but I have to do this.”
Simon blew out a frustrated breath. “I was pretty sure you were going to say that. You’re too brave and too loyal for your own good.”
She shrugged.
“I’m honored to know you, Raven,” he said softly. “If you do come back, bring more women like you. I might be willing to move to the family part of town for someone like you.”
Raven looked up to find Connor watching them. She’d known he was there for a couple of minutes, and she’d been surprised when he hadn’t interrupted her conversation with Simon.
“I’d better go before Con starts growling at us,” Simon said with a wicked grin. Before Raven had time to guess his intentions, he leaned over and kissed her on the mouth. It was nothing more than a quick peck on her lips, but she knew he was trying to irritate his friend. “I’ll see you before you leave tomorrow,” he said as he stood up. “I wanted to be part of the group that takes you back, but I drew the shortest straw so I’m stuck on guard duty here.”
On those strange words Simon walked away, giving Connor a pat on the back as he passed him.
Connor walked over to Raven and helped her to her feet. “Are you okay?” he asked.
She started to smile and nod, but then she just gave in and leaned into him. “No,” she admitted. “Take me home.” Then the tears started all over again when she realized what she’d just said. When had Connor’s home become her home?
He carried her back to the jeep and carefully buckled her in before leaning forward to kiss her. “If you aren’t back here in a month, I’m coming after you.”
“Connor,” she said in alarm, “you have to promise me that you won’t come after me. I don’t want anyone getting hurt.”
He shook his head. “I can’t do that, Raven.”
“Is this because letting me go will make you look weak?” she asked, not sure why she was trying to pick a fight.
He laughed. “We aren’t fighting today, little nymph. I’m going to take you home and make love to you over and over again. I’m going to make sure you know how much you mean to me. You’re mine,” he said. “I will go after you because we belong together. When you get back, we’ll talk about everything. There’s so much I need to tell you, but it can wait until you get back.”
Raven was a strong independent woman who should hate being referred to in such possessive terms. Still, all she found herself saying was, “You’re mine, Connor. When I get back we’ll find a way to make that permanent.”
Connor took her home and followed through with his promise. As she dozed off that night, she wondered if she’d be able to walk at all the next day, let alone walk the distance to the human settlement.


Chapter Thirty‑Eight
Convincing Connor to let her make most of the trip to the human settlement alone hadn’t been easy. She’d had to promise to slip out of the parts of the woods visible by humans and vampires as much as possible. He’d reluctantly left her at the edge of the woods. She’d be lying if she said she hadn’t wanted him to travel farther with her, but she knew it was too dangerous. If the humans saw her with the vampires, they’d likely attack to rescue her. She couldn’t put everyone’s lives at risk that way.
The number of turned vampires in the woods near the human settlement shocked her. Luckily, she was able to easily pass them unseen. It made her more sure that she’d made the right decision to warn her friends. If they were this close to the human settlement, it was only a matter of time before they found the tunnel. She’d be surprised if there hadn’t already been some casualties.
It was a relief to find Layla and Danny on guard duty at the tunnel gate. Layla practically knocked Raven over in a hug when she saw her.
“I can’t believe you’re still alive!” Layla shrieked. “We all thought you were dead. How did you escape?” Layla had always been tiny. She was a couple of inches shorter than Raven with a petite build. Like Raven, she was much stronger than she appeared. Her blonde hair rested just below her shoulders and her brown eyes were full of joy. Raven had truly missed her.
Danny stayed back and eyed her with suspicion. Raven couldn’t blame him for his doubts. No one in the settlement trusted vampires. Up until recently, Raven hadn’t trusted any of them. She’d believed they were all sadistic and cruel. In fact, she’d been the one to train Danny and Layla to fight vampires.
She missed Connor. She knew this was the right thing to do. Still, she felt a lump form in her throat every time she thought about the possibility of never seeing Connor again.
“They let me go,” Raven explained.
Danny looked even more skeptical. “Why would the vampires just let you go, Raven? No one has ever come back once they were captured. We thought you might be able to escape at first, but not once they got you to their settlement. Now, I’m supposed to believe that after months of captivity, they just let you go?”
Layla’s eyes widened when she noticed the knife in Danny’s hand. “What are you doing, Danny? This is Raven. You’ve known her since you were a whiny little boy.”
“I don’t blame him for being suspicious of me,” Raven said to Layla. She was careful to keep her voice soothing. “I would have felt the same before. There’s a lot you don’t know. I need to see Graham. I think we’re all in danger, and we need to figure out what’s going on.”
“What danger?” Layla asked.
“If you take me to Graham, I’ll explain everything,” she assured them.
“Fine,” Danny said with a curt nod. “You go after you’ve been searched.”
“Danny!” Layla shrieked.
Raven put a hand on Layla’s arm. “He’s right. You have no reason to trust me. I’m just going to take my sticks out and put them on the ground.”
She started to reach behind her back, but Danny stopped her. “Don’t move!” he said quickly. “I’ll get them out.”
Raven put her hands up. “Fine, you get them.”
He stalked over and removed her eskrima sticks from the harness on her back. “Now, I’m supposed to believe that they also let you go with your weapons? Seems like you got a little too cozy with your undead friends.”
Raven sighed. “I don’t blame you for not trusting me, but you could at least speak respectfully to me. You’ve known me almost your entire life, and I have always been good to you.”
Danny’s cheeks flushed and he looked guilty as he patted her down. Even with the amount of time they spent outside, his skin had always tended to be pale so it stood out more when he was embarrassed or angry. He’d inherited his complexion, along with his dark red hair and green eyes, from his father. When he was satisfied that she didn’t have any other weapons, he unlocked the gate to the tunnel and motioned her forward. “Walk in front of me.”
Raven smiled to herself when he handed her a flashlight. He must not feel too angry or distrustful if he wanted to make sure she didn’t fall. He knew a flashlight was a good weapon.
Decades ago, the tunnel had been maintained so that cars could pass through it. There were lighting fixtures, but they had long ago stopped using those. There were very few generators and they just couldn’t produce enough electricity, or steal enough light bulbs, to keep the tunnel lit. Actually, it was unlikely that anyone made anything to fit in the old lighting fixtures anymore. It was probably just as well. The tunnel hadn’t been attractive in the early days when they still made some effort to maintain it. Now, the paint along the walls was chipped and there was water damage. The rail along the old pedestrian walkway was missing sections and should probably be taken out before it fell on someone. The road beneath her feet was made of broken asphalt. Near the opening, where there was still some light, plants grew up from the giant cracks. The tunnel smelled of mold, and she was sure that it was leaking in places. They tried hard to fix all of the leaks but new ones always seemed to show up. At one time there had been another tunnel that had become unusable due to flooding. Actually, at one time there had been three bridges, but they’d all been destroyed to secure the island once known as Alameda.
Raven often wondered what they’d do when this tunnel became unusable. Maybe they’d just use boats to cross to the other side. It was still done at times but it was more dangerous. To be honest, it wouldn’t be hard to swim across. The problem was that both sides of the shoreline were guarded. On the island side, it was the humans from the settlement guarding the waters. On the other side, they weren’t sure who was on guard, but people had been killed trying to take boats across on several occasions.
As always, Raven was relieved when she reached the end of the tunnel. It was a long walk in an enclosed area, and she felt like she was suffocating by the end. Years ago they’d used bicycles, but the pavement was too treacherous for that now. There were still some off‑road vehicles that were used when someone needed to make a longer trip. Those made it through the tunnel okay, but they were rarely used because many of them ran on gasoline which was next to impossible to find now. The ones that ran on electricity were starting to become unusable because the batteries no longer held much of a charge. She wondered idly how much blood Connor would want in exchange for some of the newer off‑road vehicles. Then she realized that it was unlikely he’d be willing to trade those while the humans still hated his people. It would make them more dangerous.
Once they exited the tunnel, they were able to take bicycles the rest of the way. The paved roads hadn’t fared any better outside of the tunnel, but they’d long ago removed them and the dirt paths were fine for bicycles. Luckily, they kept extra bicycles by the tunnel in case one was in need of repair. After they parked the bicycles she walked through the community that she’d once called home.
The rundown military housing seemed sad with its chipped brown paint. It was row after row of two and three bedroom homes above carports. The carports were mainly used as outside sitting areas. People preferred to stay outside when the weather was nice enough, and Raven couldn’t blame them. The interior of the homes were in just as poor repair as the exterior. Many had broken windows allowing the elements to take their toll over the years. Only a few had hot water in them so they shared with the others for bathing. Electricity was rationed so they had to be careful about how much they heated their homes using the few remaining space heaters.
The one thing that all of the homes had was nice furnishings. Having the woods surrounding the settlement meant that there was plenty of wood. They’d also managed to collect enough livestock before things got really bad to provide them with meat, milk, eggs, wool, and animal skins. Raven’s skill had helped them start a farm that provided adequate vegetables and fruit. Food was still rationed, but no one starved. Still, so much could be improved if they made peace with the born vampires.
The unease that she felt on the way to meet Graham, made Raven feel guilty. It always did. Graham had done a lot for their community. Both his father and grandfather had been leaders for their people too. Graham’s grandfather had brought in the original supplies to the old military base and worked with her father to secure it. They’d all worked hard to keep the humans safe. Graham’s father had started a program to keep a small group of humans educated in the areas of science and medicine so they could work on finding a cure for the Moon virus.
Still, there was something about Graham and the other members of the leadership council that didn’t sit right with her. She always felt nervous in their presence. She’d never met any of them as children. Actually, she’d never met Graham’s father and she hadn’t met Graham until he’d taken over as the leader of the community. It always seemed like the important decisions were made by Graham and his two friends, Miles and Roger. Graham had final say, but he seemed to take counsel from his friends. There were others who were supposedly on the council, but they seemed more like anonymous figureheads to her. As she neared Graham’s home, warning bells started going off in her head. Maybe it was just from her time with Connor’s people. Maybe her loyalties really had been compromised.
The building where Graham and his council lived differed greatly from the rest of the settlement. It had been built after they secured the island. From the outside, it was nothing fancy, a large two‑story boxy looking building with a steeply sloped roof. The paint on it was a pristine white. There was a stockpile of paint reserved for the main building. Graham’s grandfather had insisted that it was important to have one area that reminded people of what they’d had before the vampires so they would fight to get it back. They weren’t really fighting to get anything back now, just fighting to survive. Raven thought it was selfish and they should paint the homes of the others at least every decade or so.
Raven knew there was a lab area in the building. She’d donated blood there for decades to help with experiments to find a better vaccine for the Moon virus. As she walked into the building, she noticed the contrast between it and the homes more than usual. It was clean and well‑lit. The temperature outside was probably slightly chilly to the humans, but it was warm in this building.
They found Graham surrounded by his council in the meeting room. Graham’s eyes widened with surprise when he saw her. He rose to give her an awkward hug. “Raven, I cannot believe you escaped those creatures!”
He’d always gone by his last name. His father had been killed by vampires when he’d gone out with a research team. Graham had been in his twenties at the time. Now, he was in his forties and Raven thought he still looked good for his age. His blond hair had always been thin. His face was unlined. The same seemed true for Miles and Roger who were both whispering furiously to each other.
“They let me go,” Raven admitted, knowing that this would lead to suspicion. If Danny doubted her, then Graham would. “I know that sounds strange, but there were unusual circumstances.”
Graham stepped back and motioned to one of the council members. The woman, whose name Raven couldn’t remember, got up and walked out of the room.
“You look good for someone who’s been held captive by vampires,” Roger said in an amicable voice.
“Danny,” Graham said, “it might be best if you took Layla out of here while we talk to Raven. This matter will only upset her.”
Raven was surprised that Graham knew Danny and Layla’s names. She wasn’t sure they’d ever met before.
“I’m not leaving Raven,” Layla insisted and spun on Danny, “and I’m not going anywhere with you until you apologize to her.”
“Layla,” Raven said as her unease grew, “Graham is right. We can catch up after I meet with him. Some of this will just upset you, and it won’t help matters any.” It also seemed safer to get Layla away from whatever was about to happen.
Layla hesitated but finally nodded. When Danny reached out to take her arm, she crossed her arms in front of her chest and jerked away from him. Then she stalked out in front of Danny. After Layla and Danny left, Graham motioned for Raven to sit down.
This room probably had more lights running than all of the other buildings combined. The higher‑ups lived here, and they lived as comfortably as the vampires she’d just stayed with. They all had apartments in this building. She’d never been in one, but she suspected they weren’t lacking any of the luxuries that the other humans went without. How had she failed to notice these things before?
“Now,” Graham said with a slight edge to his voice, “tell me what happened while you were held captive. Can you find a way to get back in? What are their weaknesses?”
“I’m sure you’ve already heard what happened during the raid on the hospital,” Raven began.
Graham nodded. “Yes, your bravery saved your team from being slaughtered, or worse.” He shuddered and gave a look of horror. Something about it seemed fake.
“Actually, my bravery wasn’t necessary,” Raven said. “The vampires planned to let us go. Had I kept my mouth shut, I would have returned with my team.”
Roger gave her a sympathetic look. “I’m sure that’s what they wanted you to believe. They are deceitful bastards who will say anything to get what they want. Most of them are just mindless slobbering beasts but the ones that aren’t are the most dangerous. They can reason and deceive.”
“I know it’s hard to believe, but we had it wrong,” Raven said. “There are vampires who are mindless like we believed, and yes they are cruel and only care about blood. There are others who aren’t like that. Some of them are bad people but most aren’t. They’re a lot like humans. I know this may be hard to believe, but the ones that aren’t mindless have heartbeats and they can breed.”
“Blood brats,” Graham sneered.
Suddenly Raven knew that trusting Graham had been a big mistake. “You already knew all of this, didn’t you?”
“I know they took what should have been mine,” Graham said angrily. “We gave them a place to live after the virus failed to do its job. We gave them protection and a way to earn blood. We gave them a way to contribute to society. Then the ungrateful little bastards rebelled and took what belonged to me. I should be running things.”
“They were forced to be sex slaves,” Raven gasped out.
“They’re sexual creatures and we allowed them to do what comes naturally to them,” Graham said. “Don’t let them fool you, Raven.” His eyes raked her body in a lascivious manner. “You know what it’s like to be a sexual creature. You know what it’s like to be ruled by lust. We simply gave them a way to use that to survive.”
“Connor has scars on his back from the beatings. Simon can barely tolerate being touched. Dear Goddess, some of them were children!” Then the rest of his words sank in. “Wait a minute! You were there. How is that even possible? Are you a vampire?”
He looked like she’d struck him. “That’s a disgusting thought.”
“Then how?” A small contingent of guards entered the room, all armed.
“Clearly you’ve been influenced by the blood brats,” Graham began patiently. “We’ll need to keep you detained for your own safety.”
The guards surrounded her. Raven wanted to fight, but she knew it was hopeless. There were too many of them. Even if she got away, where would she go? She had no hope of making it off of the island.
“You’re making a huge mistake, Graham,” Raven began and then she looked at Roger and Miles, hoping they would see reason. “There are newly turned vampires out there and they are much too organized. They’re attacking in large groups. Someone is ordering them to destroy entire settlements. We have to be ready to fight them and whoever is making them. Someone is gathering up humans to infect with this new version of the Moon virus. The born vampires may be your only hope of survival.”
Roger and Miles both laughed.
“What’s so funny about this?” Raven asked desperately.
Graham chuckled softy. “I’m not worried,” he said. “I finally figured out that the best way to bring the blood brats down is with bigger and badder vampires. Soon I’ll return to power. You’re going to help me find a way into the blood brats’ settlement. I have a couple of them that I want to extract for my own personal pleasure before destroying the rest of them.”
“I will never help you,” Raven said as she glared at him.
He laughed. “You’re already helping. Your blood has played a very important role in all of this.”
“I can’t believe I trusted you. All of these years I believed you were protecting the people here. You knew all along that there was a difference between the born vampires and the turned vampires. Do you know how they came into being?”
He gave her a condescending smile. “Of course I know. My father’s company created the Moon virus. Naturally, it wasn’t supposed to turn people into vampires. It was just supposed to kill the poor. Isn’t it ironic that the leeches of society turned into leeches in reality? No one expected the quarantine of the country to last so long. No one expected the blood whores to revolt.”
“Why would they revolt against being enslaved?” Raven muttered.
“None of that matters now,” Graham said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “Now we just need to clean up this mess and eliminate the blood brats. Of course, we’ll keep the new breed. They know how to take orders, and we can use them. Your capture has actually worked to our advantage. I never dreamed I’d have someone here to give me details on how to take the blood brats down.”
“You’re deranged,” Raven said. “I am never going to help you destroy them.”
“That’s too bad,” Graham said. “It will be such a pity to have to torture Layla until you comply with my demands.”
Raven felt her gut twist. “And you call them monsters?”
“You leave me no choice,” he said with a dismissive shrug. “I’ll give you some time to consider your options before I resort to violence.”
The guards led Raven out of the room and her heart sank. She never should have returned. She’d been a fool.


Chapter Thirty‑Nine
Layla stalked after Danny. Stupid jerk had followed her until she told him what a stupid jerk he was. Now, he was doing his best to avoid her. “Don’t you dare pretend you don’t know I’m here, you son of a bitch!” she shouted at him. She’d been trying to track him down for hours. He’d had someone else take her away from the main building and stayed behind, probably to suck up to Graham.
Danny let out a long‑suffering sigh and turned toward her. His hands went up in surrender. “I’m not pretending I don’t know you’re there; I’m ignoring you. There’s a big difference.” He gave her what she was sure he believed was a boyish grin. Under other circumstances, it might have been cute. Now, it just pissed her off more.
“And don’t you dare try playing innocent with me. How could you treat Raven that way after all that she’s done for us over the years? You know for a fact that she’s not betraying us.”
Danny looked around nervously and grabbed Layla’s arm roughly. He started to drag her toward his house. “I will not allow anyone to risk the safety of our people. Raven has proven that her loyalties lie with the vampires now. She’s been corrupted. Maybe that’ll change after she’s been back with us for awhile, but until it does she’s a danger to us all. You need to get your temper under control and think clearly. We’re at war with the vampires, and Graham is just trying to do what’s right.”
Layla stumbled up the stairs behind Danny. She was so shocked by him manhandling her, that she hadn’t even thought to punch him.
Danny shoved her into his home and slammed the door shut. He looked around to make sure his roommate wasn’t there, and then he leaned against her body and put his hand over her mouth. His lips were right by her ear when he spoke. “Stop struggling and listen to me. I don’t want anyone outside of this house to hear what I’m saying.”
Layla stilled, but Danny didn’t move away.
“You’re right,” he said. “I was wrong to doubt Raven, but I can’t go back on that now. I heard some of what Graham talked to her about, and it confirmed what she was telling us about the vampires she was with. She’s in big trouble.”
Layla’s eyes widened, and she started to struggle again.
“Layla,” Danny warned, “I need you to calm down. In order to help her, we have to play this smart. Graham has to believe that I don’t trust Raven anymore. I need him to believe the rest of the team feels the same. After your scene, Graham will never believe you’re on his side, so you need to continue being pissed at me. I considered just letting you think I believed Raven had betrayed us, but I figured you might stab me in the balls.” He actually smiled.
When he removed his hand from her mouth and stepped back, Layla punched him in the nose. “That should make it seem more convincing,” she said with a sweet smile. Her hand reached for the door and she turned toward him, “Don’t ever manhandle me like that again or I will feed you your balls.”
Layla stormed out of Danny’s home and down the stairs. Her big exit was nearly ruined when her heel got caught on one of the broken steps. Luckily, she grabbed the rail before she fell on her face. It was hard to look like a total badass when you were tumbling down the stairs.
Danny was right; it was easy to act pissed off at him. She’d never been this pissed off. Danny had been her best friend for as long as she could remember. Raven had always insisted that one day they’d end up as a couple, but Layla couldn’t even picture it. Danny was the boy who’d tried to teach her how to pee standing up when they’d both been four. That was actually her first memory of him. You just couldn’t have romantic feelings about someone who’d made fun of you for not knowing how to pee the right way.
Having him even consider keeping her out of his plan seemed like a huge betrayal, but doubting Raven was almost unforgivable. Sure, he believed her now, but that didn’t make up for his initial distrust. Raven was much older than them, and she’d taken care of them both a lot during childhood.
Layla’s father had been older and in poor health when she was born. Her mother had only married him because of her fear of being alone. Layla couldn’t really blame her. The world was a scary place. Sadly, she’d never taken to parenting. When Layla’s father had died, her mother had become increasingly distant and neglectful. That’s when Raven had started to take care of her most of the time. She’d ended up living with Raven after her mom disappeared. No one actually knew what had happened to her, and Layla would be lying if she said she cared.
Danny’s mom wasn’t a bad person, but she was off in some ways. Danny was often found wandering the streets at all hours of the night. Sometimes it was because he’d wandered away from home. Mostly, it was because his mom forgot to bring him back if they went somewhere. Raven frequently took him in and worked hard to help his mother do right by him. Every member of their team had similar stories about Raven.
After all of this, Layla couldn’t believe that Danny hadn’t trusted Raven. He was lucky she’d just punched him in his nose. If he hadn’t changed his mind about Raven, she really would have cut his balls off and fed them to him.
She wished she knew what had made him suddenly change his mind about everything. It must be something really bad or he wouldn’t have made such a complete turnaround this quickly. She’d like to believe that, given a few hours or days, he would have gotten over his initial distrust of Raven’s return, but she knew he was stubborn and it was hard for him to admit when he was wrong.
Layla sat on the steps in front of her own home. She lived alone now. It was a two bedroom home she’d shared with Raven. She’d been so distraught about Raven’s capture that no one had moved in yet. At one time, Muriel had lived there too. So much loss.
She really wanted to go upstairs to curl into a ball and cry, but that wasn’t how Raven had raised her. Nope, she was strong, and she would make Raven proud of her. She stood up and dusted off her worn pants. Then she headed off to find a member of her team to train with. While punching Danny in the nose had taken the edge off some, she still had a lot of pent‑up aggression and she may as well put it to good use.


Chapter Forty
Raven was weak from blood loss. Despite the fact that her body regenerated blood quickly, she still couldn’t keep up with Graham’s demands. The only good thing was that she was doing a better job of convincing Graham that she was too weak and confused to help him. Well, since it had been several days since she’d been outside, it wasn’t hard to look weak and pitiful. She was dying and without access to the healing powers of the woods, she would die soon. That was likely a good thing because then she couldn’t help Graham destroy her loved ones.
“Answer me!” Graham shouted.
Oh, that’s right, he was asking her questions. “What did you say?” she asked in a slurred voice. They’d tied her to the chair as further torture, but it was working out well for her. Without it she’d have collapsed onto the floor long ago. That had happened one day, and she’d decided that being hit was better than being kicked.
Graham had decided not to torture Layla because Raven had convinced him that she loved Connor too much to betray him. She’d told him that she’d rather let a human die since they die all of the time. Luckily, Graham believed her. Now, she just had to keep her mouth shut and die.
“I told you that we took too much blood,” said a chubby man at Graham’s side. “Her mind is too befuddled to provide any answers.”
Despite the pain, Raven giggled. Who the hell says befuddled?
“See,” the man said as he gestured toward Raven, “she’s delirious. Her body can only regenerate the blood so quickly. It’s using up most of its resources trying to heal from the beatings, and she’s weakened by her confinement. If you want to kill her, then this is the way to do it.”
Graham scowled angrily at the chubby man in the lab coat. At least Raven assumed he was scowling. Her vision was pretty blurry. She’d already heard this argument between him and Roger. Raven suspected it wouldn’t be long before Graham killed Roger or Roger took over. Either way, things were grim for Raven.
“Fine, we don’t really need her answers anyway,” Graham said. “I have another plan to get what I want. I really can’t have her dying though. Have someone take her out to the copse of oak trees in the middle of the island. We’ll have them keep her bound the entire time and get her just enough energy to produce more blood.”
Raven’s head fell to the side. Graham leaned forward to grip her chin roughly and pull her head up so they were nose to nose. “Don’t worry, Raven, I won’t let you die. You’re blood is far too important to me. It’s not only the key to controlling my vampire army; it’s the main ingredient in the serum that keeps me young. Early on, we had scientists trying to find a way to gain the vampires’ immortality without actually becoming one of them. One injection a month with a serum made from your blood and I have eternal youth.”
The chubby man started speaking. “Due to your natural immunity, your blood neutralizes parts of the virus. We have to add certain‑”
“Will you shut the fuck up?” Graham practically snarled, and the chubby man nervously moved away from them. “If I didn’t need him, I’d kill him. That’s something you have in common. I need both of you too much to let you die.”
Raven groaned at the realization that he wasn’t going to let her die. Death seemed like her only escape. As much as she hated to sink to that level of hopelessness, torture didn’t bring out the optimist in her. She was already beginning to wonder how much longer she could keep her mouth shut. She was almost to the point where she would do anything to make the pain stop.
“I’m going to use you to convince your lover, or lovers, to give me what I want. I’m sure by now they’re missing your addictive nymph blood, not to mention your tantalizing body. I might be tempted by it myself if you hadn’t whored yourself to the blood brats,” Graham said with a sneer.
“Well, then,” Raven slurred. “I have one thing to be thankful for.”
Graham’s fist connected with her jaw, causing her head to snap back. For a moment, Raven thought she might lose consciousness. Oh, how she would love to embrace the blackness. For some reason, she was one of the unlucky ones who didn’t black out from pain.
“I’ll send someone in to take you out for some fresh air,” Graham said before he and the man in the lab coat left the room.
“You have a lot of attitude, nymph,” called a man from one of the cells against the wall. It was too dark to make out any of his features.
“Was that an insult or a compliment?” she asked weakly.
“Yes,” he replied. “Which vampire settlement were you at?”
“Why would I tell you?” she asked. “For all I know, you’re just trying to get information for Graham.”
“He already knows where the settlement is,” the man said and then he had a long coughing fit.
“Are you okay?” Raven asked.
“About the same as you,” he said. “Well, probably better. I’m just being bled nearly dry now. It’s pretty rare for them to beat the hell out of me. If I was stronger, I’d kill them for what they’re doing to you.”
“Thank you,” Raven said. “Are you human?”
“Born vampire,” he said. “I was taken captive a long time ago. They only left me in here with you because they don’t think I have enough of my wits left to talk to you.” He let out a humorless laugh. “Most days I wish I didn’t. It’d be better if I didn’t know what was going on. I hate knowing that they’re using my blood to help create these vampires that are killing so many people.”
“There has to be something we can do to stop them,” Raven said.
“Which settlement is he planning to use you to bargain with?” the man asked again. “What’s the leader’s name?”
“Connor,” she said.
The man sucked in a sharp breath. “You’re Connor’s?”
“Yes,” she answered without hesitation.
“He’ll kill to get you back,” he said. “Did you see Norah?” his voice shook with emotion. “Little woman with dark hair and the prettiest eyes when she’s mad?”
“Rand?” Raven breathed out. It couldn’t be Rand.
“Yes,” he said. “So, I take it you know my wife.”
The door opened, interrupting their conversation.
Danny and Mark walked into the room. Both were members of her team that she’d been willing to sacrifice herself for. Both were willing to stand by and see her like this. She’d assumed that they would be distrustful when she’d first come back, but she’d also assumed that they would move past their distrust and remember that she’d always been there for them. For Goddess’ sake, she’d practically raised Danny. This was probably the worst torture she’d had to endure.
She swallowed hard to try to fight back the tears.
Danny walked over and untied the rope securing her hands to the chair. They were still tied behind her back, so he tossed her over his shoulder. Then he carried her out without a word.
Mark followed him and said, “We’d better take her around the long way so we don’t run into Layla. She’ll freak if she sees Raven this way.”
Danny sighed. “Yeah, and the last thing I need is for her to punch me in the nose again.”
Raven let out a weak laugh and then groaned at the pain it caused her.
“I’m just lucky she pulled the punch or she would have broken it. She already warned me that she was tempted to cut my balls off.”
“She’ll do it,” Raven rasped out and then she coughed.
“Shut up, Raven,” Mark said, and if she wasn’t mistaken, he sounded close to tears.
The long way meant that it took more than thirty minutes to get to the large copse of oak trees. Without a wolf, Raven wouldn’t be able to fully regain her strength, but this would help quite a bit. Of course, she wasn’t sure she wanted to regain her strength knowing that Graham was just going to use her to destroy people she cared about.
Mark took her from Danny near the end of the walk, so he was the one carrying her when they reached the trees. He set her down on the ground with a gentleness she hadn’t expected.
Danny quickly scanned the area before crouching down on the ground beside her. He held a canteen to her lips since her hands were still bound. She took some tentative sips and began to shake. She’d never been cold before, and it was a strange feeling.
“Fuck, Raven,” Danny said in a pained whisper. “I don’t know how much longer I can watch that bastard do this to you.”
Mark wrapped his jacket around her shoulders and then helped her lean back against the oak tree. “We don’t want to let him do this to you, but we need him to believe that we’re on his side for now. We’re working on a plan.”
“What plan?” Raven asked as she felt her strength quickly returning. A sigh escaped her lips. It was like coming home whenever she got close to an oak tree after a long time away. They were part of her. They were food for her soul.
“We’re going to get you out of here,” Danny said quietly. “Mark is right; we don’t buy any of that asshole’s crap. We have to make him think we want you and the vampires at that settlement to suffer or he won’t let us near you. He only does now to torture you. I heard him the day you came back, and I know he’s an evil bastard. We’d all be better off with the vampires. After I heard what he said, I did some digging and found out that a lot of the people who disappear are being detained for experiments. He’s taking humans from other settlements too. The sick bastard is making his own vampire army.”
“Yeah, I figured that out,” Raven said and then she started crying. “The worst thing was thinking that you’d all turned on me.”
“Never,” Mark assured her. “Our team is behind you. We know we can’t just change the minds of the other people here. A lot them never trusted you anyway. For now, we just have to get away from here and then figure out a way to stop Graham and the rest of the leadership. Graham seems to be the one giving the orders, but even if he’s gone another will step into his shoes.”
Raven laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Danny asked with a shaky smile.
“I never thought I’d be talking to you about helping the vampires,” Raven said. “That’s exactly what you’ll be doing if you go against Graham.”
“I trust you,” Danny said as he met her gaze. “I was an idiot for doubting you in the first place. I’ve known you as long as I can remember, and you’ve never given me any reason to doubt you. I’ll follow you on this.”
“Hard to follow me when I can barely walk,” Raven said as she closed her eyes. She could feel her body healing from the beatings she’d suffered in the last several days. She shuddered as the pain eased.
“You’ll be ready to kick ass soon enough,” Danny said, but she heard the strain in his voice. He was trying hard to be strong, but she could tell he wasn’t quite sure how he was going to follow through on his promise to help her.
“I wish Connor was here to help you,” she said.
“Is that your vampire?” Danny asked, and she smiled at the restraint in his voice.
“I don’t expect you to be happy about this, Danny,” she assured him.
“We’re all trying,” Mark said. “I’m sure it took you some time to get used to the idea too.”
“That’s an understatement,” Raven said. “It was really hard to get over my hatred, but it was easier once I realized that Muriel was happy there.”
“Muriel?” Danny asked in obvious shock. “They captured Muriel?”
“No,” Raven said sleepily, “Muriel left us willingly. Apparently, she met a vampire named Jack months before her disappearance. They just had a baby boy.” Raven smiled as she thought about Cole. “Vampire babies are messy eaters.”
Danny let out a nervous laugh. “I’m not sure I want to know how one goes about feeding a vampire baby. Actually, I didn’t even know there were vampire babies.”
“When I first got there, I accused Connor of keeping children for blood. Turns out they were mostly vampire children. There are human children there too. It took some time to get used to. They all live much better than we do. The humans are required to donate blood, but they can donate bags and they don’t have to donate much,” she explained.
“We’d better take you back before someone gets suspicious,” Danny said with obvious regret.
Raven nodded and tried to stand which was hard with her hands tied behind her back. That, combined with the weakness she still felt made it impossible. Danny gently helped her to her feet and then lifted her over his shoulder.
“Don’t get used to us toting your lazy ass around,” Danny said. “After we get you out of here, we’ll expect you to take care of us again.”
“Deal,” Raven said and hoped they really would get out of there. Most of all, she hoped Connor wouldn’t come after her. He would be walking right into a trap, and it would be her fault. She’d told him that they were good people here, but she’d been wrong. Well, not completely. Her friends weren’t letting her down, but they were just a handful of humans against Goddess knew how many turned vampires.
Then a thought came to her. “Can you get extra blood for the vampire that’s in the cell in the room where I was being questioned?”
“Maybe,” Danny said hesitantly. “There are three in there. I assume you mean the one they captured a long time ago.”
“Yes,” Raven said. “His name is Rand, and his wife is my friend. We may need his help, and he won’t be much good if he’s too weak.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” Mark said. “I can’t promise anything. We really don’t have much clearance over there. They only bring us in to torment you.”
“Just do what you can,” Raven said, and then she finally felt herself losing consciousness. Just great! Her mind waited to shut off until after the pain let up.


Chapter Forty‑One
“There’s a turned vampire at the gate with a message for you,” Ian said, obviously tense.
“For me specifically?” Connor asked.
“Well, they said it was for the one who fucked the wood nymph. Since you’re the only one who had that pleasure, I assume they meant you,” Ian replied angrily.
Connor’s heart seized. “Fuck,” he said and then raced toward the gate on foot. It might have been smarter to drive, but he didn’t want to go back for the jeep. He just wanted to find out what had happened to Raven. He knew that he might be panicking over nothing. Knowing about Raven didn’t mean they had her. Still, his gut was telling him she was in trouble.
The turned vampire was a young girl this time, maybe twelve. Connor was guessing that they’d sent her because she was expendable. Mitchell had told them that they didn’t turn females because they usually died. Her red hair was cut short, probably to make it easier to take care of. Her eyes were dazed, and she kept looking around like she was trying to remember something. She reminded him of Mitchell, and he couldn’t help but wonder if she could be saved too.
“What do you want?” Connor asked without emotion. He leaned casually against a tree near the gate but made no move to let the girl inside of the settlement.
“I was told to find the one who fucked the wood nymph,” she said. “Is that you?”
Connor nodded. Hearing such profanity from a young girl seemed strange.
“I have this for you,” she said and held out a wad of papers. They were crumpled as though she’d just shoved them in her pocket. Maybe she’d been taking them in and out of her pocket. She fidgeted a lot. Her hands kept tugging absently at her tattered brown shirt.
Connor didn’t read the note right away. “Where’s my nymph?” he asked. He could easily find her, thanks to the blood bond, but he didn’t want the enemy to know that. He also didn’t want to seem too eager to read the note. If they were using Raven to get to him, it was best to get as much information as possible and avoid showing them how much she meant to him.
“They have her,” the girl said and continued to tug at her shirt. “Like Raven. Always nice to me,” she said with obvious effort. “Can’t let them hurt  . . .” her voice trailed off, and she struggled with the memory.
Connor wondered why some were able to fight the loss of memory better than others. Then again, she might just be newly turned. Maybe that was the key or maybe it was age. Dr. Moon still hadn’t figured out why Mitchell was so different.
“You know Raven?” Connor asked in surprise. Unease was creeping up his spine, but he fought it. He hated the idea that he might have sent her to the enemy.
“They want me to bring a reply back,” the girl said. “Please, or they will do this to my  . . . mother. It’s my mother.” She seemed relieved when the memory came to her.
Connor scanned the message and felt the blood drain from his face.
‘Dear Blood Brat,
I remember you. When Raven said your name and mentioned the scars on your back, I remembered right away. Mostly, I remember your mother. I want her back. I also want you and the others that lived with your mother to surrender yourselves to me.
Follow the map and meet me when the sun is in the middle of the sky tomorrow. If you don’t follow these instructions exactly, I will start sending Raven back to you in pieces.
Charles Graham IV’
Connor wondered idly if the man used the sun’s position because they didn’t have clocks or didn’t know if the vampire communities were on the same time zone. He’d never thought to ask Raven why she always went by the position of the sun. He’d just assumed it was because she was a wood nymph. He wrote a quick reply on the blank sheet of paper with the note. He agreed to meet for negotiations. Anything more would be foolish and put Raven at greater risk. There might be no reason to keep Raven alive once she was no longer a bargaining chip.
“Take this back to him,” he told the girl. “Do you live at the human settlement on the island?” he asked her.
She nodded. “I always lived there.” Then her face fell. “Now, I don’t live.”
Connor felt bad for the girl, but there was nothing he could do for her. She wasn’t breathing, meaning she was already undead. As much as he pitied the girl, it was too late, and more people would die if he didn’t find a way to stop the bastard.
When she was far enough away that she couldn’t hear him, he turned to find Ian, Simon, Jack, Shelby, Carla, and Norah standing behind him. He handed the note over so they could all read it. It got to Simon last.
“What now?” Simon asked after reading it.
“That’s it?” Connor asked. “No ‘I told you this would happen’?”
“Seriously? You really think I’m going to say I told you so?” Simon asked. “I didn’t see this coming. I remember that sick fuck. His father used to bring him out to abuse the blood whores. He always said his full name like we were supposed to be impressed. Part of me wants to say it can’t be him. He was in his twenties, maybe even thirties, back then, but it must be him. I just don’t see how he could still be alive. I know the human lifespan has increased in some countries, but it’s decreased here. That’s especially true in the human settlements because they don’t have access to modern healthcare.”
“Now I remember him,” Connor said. “His father owned Graham Pharmaceuticals. His family was responsible for creating the Moon virus. He was the weirdo that wanted my mother to lick his boots and crap like that.”
“Bastard,” Shelby muttered.
“I killed his father,” Jack admitted.
“You did?” Ian asked, obviously impressed.
Jack nodded. “He was there when we rebelled. Guess little CG wasn’t.”
“Now that’s a pity,” Norah added. “I remember him too, and he’s one that I’d like to see dead. Hopefully, we’ll get lucky and kill him this time.” Norah abhorred violence for the most part, but Connor knew Raven meant a lot to her.
“It might be a fight to see who gets to kill that douche bag,” Carla grumbled.
“I’m going with.”
Connor spun around at the sound of his mother’s voice. She rarely came this close to the gate, and she hadn’t gone past it in at least a decade.
“No,” Connor said, and his friends began to nod their agreement.
“What if he kills Raven when I don’t show up?” Eloise asked helplessly.
“You’ll just be one more person for us to protect when the fighting starts,” Shelby said. “It would be best if you and Norah stayed behind.”
“Fuck that!” Norah said. “I’ve been practicing with the eskrima sticks since Raven left. I’m going with you. I’m tired of hiding in my house.”
Connor nodded. “Norah goes with us.” Then he took his mother’s hands in his. “I can tell him you were killed years ago. He’ll buy it.”
Eloise reluctantly nodded. “You’re right; I’m not much of a fighter.”
“That’s not true,” Simon said. “You fought for us for years. It’s just our turn to protect you now.”
Eloise left Connor and hugged Simon tightly.
“Jack, you can stay behind if you want,” Connor said. “You have a wife and a new baby to consider.”
“Muriel would kill me if I didn’t try to rescue Raven,” Jack said. “Besides, we all know there’s more than Raven’s safety at stake here. This guy is trying to destroy all of us. We need to stop him.”
“Finally,” Ian said with an anticipatory grin, “something we all agree on.”


Chapter Forty‑Two
Raven was grateful for the two days of recovery time. She wasn’t sure if Graham was bored with tormenting her or just wanted her to recover enough to replenish her blood supply faster. Either way, her head was clear, and she was hoping it stayed that way. Sitting around wishing she was dead for a few days wasn’t one of her proudest moments. She was many things, but never a quitter.
Today she was in one of the cells close to Rand. It seemed that they didn’t think Rand was capable of conversation anymore, so they weren’t worried about them talking. Well, most likely they wouldn’t have cared if they did talk. Graham didn’t think they were ever leaving. Her guards actually thought it would scare her to be put in a cell this close to a half‑crazed vampire Rand’s size. He couldn’t completely stand up in the cell that he was in, but Raven was still shocked by the vampire’s size. She was certain that he had lost some bulk, but his shoulders were still enormous. He was well over six feet tall. He had bronzed skin, long black hair, chocolate brown eyes, and a crooked nose.
“I never would have pictured you with Norah,” she said.
He chuckled. “Yeah, it took me by surprise too. Here I am this big ugly fighter, and she’s this tiny little thing. I thought she was too timid for me.”
Raven shook her head. “Norah does come off that way at first. I think she shocked the guys when I was teaching her how to fight.”
“You taught my wife how to fight?” Rand asked.
“Yeah,” Raven said, “and she’s really good. From what I understand, it’s just recently that she started coming out of her house. She took losing you really hard.”
Rand was silent for a long time. “She’s the only thing that kept me going. I was really out of it when they first brought me here. I don’t really remember much of what happened. When I finally got my mind back, all I thought about was Norah. I think I would have just let go and died if I didn’t keep some small kernel of hope that I’d be able to make it back to her.”
She heard Danny outside of the door. “C’mon, you know I’ve gotta take her out to the trees to keep her blood supply up. You heard Graham.”
“No one goes near her while Graham is away,” said a curt female voice.
“Graham gave us very specific orders,” confirmed a male voice.
“Fine,” Danny said, “but don’t come crying to me when Graham is all pissy because you wouldn’t let me do my job.”
Next she heard several loud crashes and a few grunts. Then the door opened and Layla rushed in first, followed by the other eight members of her team.
“Damn, Layla,” Danny said as he looked out into the hallway. “You have gotten really violent over the last several days.”
Layla ignored him and unlocked Raven’s cell door.
“Are you okay, Raven?” Layla didn’t give her a chance to reply before she started talking again. “I’ve been so worried about you, but Danny the dumbass wouldn’t let me anywhere near you. He said they wouldn’t believe I’d turned my back on you. He could’ve at least let me sneak out to see you when they took you to the trees.”
“Danny did the right thing,” Raven assured her. “It’s what I would have recommended. We need to let Rand out and get out of here quickly. Does anyone have a hoodie or something we can use to keep Rand’s face hidden?”
“Are you sure we want to release the vampire?” Mark asked hesitantly.
Raven couldn’t really blame him for being nervous about releasing Rand. Had Rand been human, he would have been scary. As a vampire, he was terrifying.
“We need his help, and his wife is my friend,” Raven said.
Layla was already unlocking the cell.
Rand uncurled his large body from the cell and stumbled. He caught himself on the bars of the cell.
“Are you going to be okay?” Raven asked.
He nodded. “The extra blood helped a lot. I’m just not at full strength yet.”
Raven held her wrist in front of his face. “Feed fast.”
“Con would kill me,” Rand said.
Raven let out a frustrated breath. “We don’t have time to argue. Nymph blood is stronger, and I replenish it fast. Once we hit the woods, I’ll recover even faster.”
Rand didn’t hesitate. He sank his fangs into her wrist. Raven tried hard not to flinch. She didn’t want to scare her friends, but damn it hurt. Rand was quick and efficient. When he was done, he gave her a slight bow. “Thank you.”
“Are you okay to fight?” Danny asked as he held out her harness and her eskrima sticks.
“Always,” Raven said with a smile as she secured the harness to her back. She pulled the sticks out, knowing they’d need them to get off of the island.
Mark brought in a hoodie from one of the guards for Rand. It was obviously too small but at least he was able to put it on.
“Graham left today to meet with your vampires,” Danny began to explain. “He offered to trade your safety for some of their surrenders. He has a few in mind.”
Raven shook her head. “Connor would never go for that.”
“He agreed,” Danny said. “Now, I’m not saying he doesn’t plan to double cross Graham. In fact, I’m guessing that’s what Graham is expecting. He took some of his inner guard and a bunch of turned vampires with him. He must have some waiting in the woods by the meeting place too because he seemed really excited about the surprise he has planned for your vampire.”
“I’m going to help them,” Raven said.
“Duh,” Mark said. “That’s why we’re all armed and ready to go.”
Raven smiled. “You are all going to fight on the side of the vampires?”
“Well,” Layla said, “we’ve obviously been wrong about a lot of things. If you say the vampires are worth saving, then we save them. We did just let the big scary one out of the cage.”
Rand laughed. “The big scary one is eternally in your debt.”
Raven was so happy that she thought she might cry. Connor had been right about many things, but not her friends. They were all just as loyal to her as she was to them.
Now, it was time to rescue her vampire friends. She knew they were probably outnumbered, but they did have one advantage; Graham had no idea they were coming.


Chapter Forty‑Three
Connor stood facing a man he’d believed dead for years. Too bad the bastard hadn’t been killed the same day his father had. Connor couldn’t figure out how the man still looked like he was in his twenties. It was obvious he was trying to look older, but that was probably for appearances among his human followers. He didn’t think that Graham would have willingly become a vampire. Even if he’d been turned, what were the odds that he’d have known what caused vampires to turn without becoming mindless all of those years ago? Also, Connor was sure someone would have noticed the need for blood. There were cosmetic treatments made using vampire blood that could temporarily restore the appearance of youth, but it wouldn’t extend life. It also didn’t do quite this good of a job.
“Where is she, blood brat?” Graham demanded angrily.
Connor gave a nonchalant shrug. “She was killed by turned vampires shortly after we killed your father.”
Graham looked like he was about to explode. “She was part of the deal!” he snapped and actually stomped his foot like a spoiled child. “I wanted her.”
“I don’t see Raven anywhere around,” Connor said casually. He knew the bastard wasn’t really going to bring her, not that it mattered. Connor had no intention of handing himself over. Nope, the only way to get Raven back was to kill Graham and attack the human settlement.
“Now, why would I turn my dear friend, Raven, over to you?” Graham asked with a pleasant smile. “She’s the one who came up with the plan to trap and kill you.”
There were murmurs among his people. Some of them would believe the lie. Connor knew for a fact that Raven wouldn’t betray them, but not everyone trusted her. Those who thought Simon or Ian should lead them didn’t trust her, and this rift could mean their defeat.
Simon snorted. “Raven would never betray us.”
Graham’s eyes lit up with recognition. “I know you,” he said with a sinister smile. “You always were the prettiest little blood whore.”
“Shut the fuck up!” Connor snapped.
Simon put a hand on his shoulder. “Stay calm,” he said quietly. “He’s trying to upset us.”
Connor nodded. “Here’s the deal, you produce Raven and you can take me. When you’re prepared to do that, we’ll meet you but not until then.” That was a lie. Connor planned to track Raven down as soon as they parted ways. Okay, actually, he was pretty sure Graham wouldn’t let them leave, so he really just planned to kill a bunch of people and then rescue Raven. That plan appealed to him more anyway.
“I’ve got a better idea,” Graham said with a smile. At least twenty turned vampires moved out of the woods to surround them. “I’ll have my creations kill you, and then we’ll take over your research labs so I can finish up the work on our new vampire control system. I’m afraid I’ll have to keep Raven since her blood is essential to my research. From what I can tell, she already wishes she was dead.”
“If you touch her,” Connor said with barely controlled rage, “I’ll kill you.”
“Brave words from a dead man,” Graham said as he motioned the turned vampires forward. “Oh, but I do want you to have a nice image of Raven in your mind when you die. I’m pretty sure I broke bones on her face. She is a fragile creature, but she heals quickly. By now, you can’t even tell it happened. I’ll be able to do it again and again. She’ll provide me with years of entertainment. That gives me a fantastic idea!” Then he spoke to the turned vampires. “Do your best to keep him alive. I want him to watch me with Raven for a few days before I kill him.”
Connor drew his knife and prepared for the fight. Then he heard the howls of the wolf pack. He looked around, and he seemed to be the only one who heard it. He could see them about a hundred yards away, but it was obvious that they were in an area only he could see. The last few times he’d been out here with Fang, the wolf had gotten along well with the local pack. The pack had warmed up to Connor quickly and they obviously sensed the danger to him. They could definitely help turn the tables on Graham.
“Call them off, Graham.” The sound of Raven’s commanding voice startled Connor. He hadn’t expected to see her here. She wasn’t alone. If he wasn’t mistaken she had the humans who had been with her when he’d initially captured her, along with a several others.
Graham raised a gun and pointed it at Connor’s head. “I’m pretty sure a bullet to the brain will be enough to kill him. I suggest you all drop your weapons.”
Connor looked to his side and saw the wolves move closer. He knew they couldn’t move into the part of the woods visible by humans without help. Damn, he really should’ve talked to Raven about this before. “Trust me,” he said to Raven, and then he leaped to the side.
Raven’s mouth dropped open as she watched Connor slip into the part of the woods that should have only been visible to her. She’d been eying it and trying to figure out how to get there. She was stuck in an area that had no hidden entries. She had to admit that she wasn’t really surprised by Connor’s move. It certainly explained a lot.
Graham seemed to panic. “Where did he go?” he shouted as he looked around.
“Attack!” Raven shouted, and her friends converged on the humans who had come with Graham. The born vampires attacked the turned vampires. Rand stayed with the humans, giving them an unfair advantage against the human guards. They’d decided that his return from the dead might be too big of a distraction, and when Raven saw Norah with the born vampires, she was glad they’d decided to keep the hood covering Rand’s face.
Graham lunged toward her. “Bitch!” he hissed. “If I didn’t need your blood so much, I’d kill you.”
She dropped and kicked out, knocking Graham’s legs out from under him.
He quickly regained his feet, but before Raven could make a move, Layla hit him in the back with one of her eskrima sticks. She raised it to stab him in the heart, but he raised the gun and fired. Raven wasn’t sure when Simon had moved to their side, but he shoved Layla out of the line of fire just in time. The bullet slammed into his chest, and Raven hoped he had his Kevlar on.
The growls startled Graham and he spun around. Raven followed his gaze and smiled at Connor. There he stood with a wolf pack. Not the one they’d met up with before, but they obviously responded to him.
“Was there something you wanted to tell me, Connor?” she asked with a raised eyebrow. Despite the battle going on around them, she was thrilled with Connor’s new talent. Okay, she was also a little annoyed that he hadn’t mentioned it before. She knew it had happened when he’d rescued Fang. He’d accepted the spirit of the wolf that day.
Then Raven noticed that he’d brought back more than the wolves and she frowned.
“I like your mate, Raven,” said Narissa, a wood nymph Raven remembered from her childhood. She’d never been anything but rude to Raven. Oh, and just great another one of her less than favorite nymphs, Cyrene, was with her. Both were naked as they seemed to just appear before the others. This, naturally, startled almost everyone into inactivity.
“He is very nice to look at,” Cyrene added, and then she smiled at Simon who was now standing. “Oh, that one is pretty too. Are they both yours?”
“Can we try them?” Narissa asked.
“Now really isn’t the time for this,” Raven said with some annoyance. It was strange that the idea of sharing Connor would bother her so much. She’d grown up in a world where most of the men were used by multiple women, but she would rip their blonde hair out of their heads and scratch out their green eyes before she let them touch Connor.
The remaining turned vampires looked dazed. They edged closer to the nymphs. “Wood nymphs,” one of them murmured as he inhaled deeply.
Graham took advantage of the distraction and grabbed Layla. He jerked her in front of him and put his arm around her neck as he lifted the gun to the side of her head.
“Enough games,” Graham shouted. “I’m in charge!”
“Oooh!” cooed Cyrene. “He’s quite the alpha male.”
“Seriously,” Raven said in a frustrated voice. “Now is not the time to think about sex.”
Nariassa looked confused. “You’ve spent too much time with humans. It’s always the time think about, and have, sex.”
“Just kill everyone except for the nymphs,” Graham ordered the turned vampires.
While they were more in control than most turned vampires, they were still vicious predators with no real conscience or loyalties. Raven could already see that they were only interested in getting their fangs into the wood nymphs. While it was just Raven, they didn’t seem to smell the blood, but apparently with more than one wood nymph around they could scent it. It was breaking Graham’s hold on them some.
One of them allowed his lips to curl up into an open‑mouthed smile. Saliva dripped from his fangs. “Oh, we intend to kill everyone except the nymphs,” he said. He obviously remembered that he didn’t like taking orders.
The other humans with Graham were edging slowly into the woods. Raven noticed Roger and Miles making a break for it. They had obviously caught the turned vampire’s meaning. Graham seemed to finally realize the danger he was in. He looked startled and then started to back away with his arm still around Layla’s neck. When the turned vampires attacked, Graham took off with Layla in front of him. He was no longer holding her neck, but he still had the gun pointed at her head. Ian, Simon, and Shelby took off after them. Raven wanted to follow, but she was surrounded.
Connor was amazed by how well the wood nymphs fought, especially naked. Narissa punched one of the turned vampires in the throat and then kicked him in the chest. When he went down, one of the wolves attacked. Raven tossed one of her sticks to Cyrene who deftly shoved it into the chest cavity of a turned vampire while Raven fended off one with her remaining stick. He was a better fighter, and she wasn’t able to get into his chest cavity. Connor finished off the vampire in front of him and then plunged his knife into the back of the one that Raven was fighting.
Norah was managing to hold off two vampires when she lost her footing. Connor watched as Raven ran toward her, but the large human with the hood let out a roar of rage and grabbed one of the vampire’s heads, giving it a twist until his neck snapped. That gave Norah time to bring one of her sticks up into the heart of the other vampire. When her eyes locked on the man who had just saved her, she fainted.
Raven took off running, and Connor was torn on where to go. “Norah is fine,” Raven shouted over her shoulder. “That’s Rand.”
“Holy fuck!” Connor said, and then he took off after Raven. The wolves followed them.
They found Layla crumpled on the ground with Shelby by her side.
“Layla!” Raven screamed.
“She’ll be fine,” Shelby said. “The bastard shoved her when he realized she was slowing him down. She stumbled and hit her head. Simon and Ian are still following him.”
“Find him,” Connor said to the wolves, and they took off running. He followed them with Raven. It amazed him how fast that woman could move. Both of them easily kept up with the wolves. They came to Simon and Graham by the edge of a cliff. Connor had no idea how steep the drop off was. Ian was nowhere in sight. Graham had the gun out and he was waving it around. Simon looked calm, almost bored.
“I hardly recognized you at first, blood whore,” Graham said in a taunting voice. “I usually saw you on your knees.”
“Won’t work, asshole,” Simon said calmly. “I’m going to kill you, but it has nothing to do with our past.”
“Brave words, blood whore,” Graham sneered as he raised the gun.
“No!” Raven screamed.
Graham’s gun went off. Connor watched in horror as the impact from the bullet sent Simon over the edge and into the canyon below. Raven raced forward and rammed her sharpened eskrima stick into Graham’s black heart, then left him for the wolves to tear apart.
Connor looked down, trying to figure out a way to get to the bottom. It was so overgrown that he really couldn’t see much of anything.
“I don’t see him,” Raven said in a panicked voice.
“Do you know how far down it goes?” Connor asked.
“Not too far,” said Ian from behind them.
“Where were you?” Connor asked and couldn’t help but feel a little annoyed at Ian for abandoning Simon; even knowing that Ian probably couldn’t have done anything.
“Went to get rope from your jeep,” he said and held it up. “We were pretty sure that Simon was going to get shot again and I wanted to have a way to drag his ass out of there. We figured you’d be here to back him up soon.”
Ian looped the rope around his waist, and Connor held the end while Ian made his way down. Raven was relieved when he came back up with an unconscious but breathing Simon.
She was even more relieved to discover that none of her friends, human or vampire, had died. Oh, there were some nasty injuries, but they would all heal.
“I was wrong,” Ian said to Connor with his head bowed.
“What else is new?” Carla asked as she applied pressure to the gash on her arm.
Ian gave her a nasty look before returning his attention to Connor. “I thought the humans who lived among us were only loyal because they had no choice. I couldn’t picture any humans fighting with us or really helping us. Raven’s friends had no reason to come out here and save us. If they only wanted to rescue Raven, they could have taken off with her. They didn’t. They risked their lives for us. They brought Rand back to us.”
Danny cleared his throat. “Yeah, well, we were all a little uneasy about it, but we trust Raven. She said you were all worth saving.”
The others mumbled their agreement.
Narissa and Cyrene picked that moment to join the conversation.
“It’s good to see you again, Raven,” Narissa said. “It’s been too many years.”
“Will you come back with us?” Cyrene asked.
Raven snorted. “You didn’t like me much when I lived there, why would I want to go back?”
Cyrene’s cheeks were tinged green as she blushed. “We were selfish children. You have a mate now. You should come home with us. Our children can play together.”
“We’ve all grown up and we miss you,” Narissa said.
“Maybe to visit,” Raven said. “Someday, that is.” She took Connor’s hand in hers. “For now my home is with Connor.”
He pulled her into his arms and rested his chin on the top of her head.
Norah slammed into them both. “I can’t believe you rescued Rand! I can’t believe Rand is alive.” Then she looked over her shoulder and burst into tears.
Rand came over and lifted his wife into his arms. He looked close to tears himself.
Connor looked at the humans. “You’re all welcome in our settlement.”
“That’s good since we have nowhere to go,” Danny said.
“I’m sorry you lost your homes,” Raven said softly.
“No biggie,” Mark said with a chuckle. “I’m dying to see how Muriel’s vampire baby eats.”
Raven gave a shudder. “Trust me; it’s something to be avoided.”
“Does that mean you don’t want to have my babies, little nymph?”
She gave him and impish grin. “Wood nymph babies, and my fertile time just passed so ask me again in six months.”
Connor pulled her close and smiled. “Well, I definitely think we should practice a lot over the next six months.”


Epilogue
Fifteen Months Later
Connor was a mess. How long could the birth possibly take? He paced back and forth nervously until Cyrene approached him. “Is she doing okay?” he asked anxiously. He looked down at Fang who was even more anxious than he was.
Cyrene gave him a reassuring smile. “Things are going well. Are you sure you don’t want to be there for the birth?”
Connor felt himself turning green. “Hell no!” he said. “You, Fang?”
The wolf looked horrified by the suggestion.
It seemed like hours before Raven finally came walking toward him. They were in the woods close to the wood nymph community so she was naked, her beautiful skin flushed green with excitement. “Congratulations Fang!” she said happily. “You have four healthy cubs. I’m not sure of the genders. Luna was cleaning them and getting them to suckle when I left.”
Connor looked over at his close friend and knew how relieved Fang felt. Connor had sensed his fear of the impending birth for days. Luna was a young female, and Fang hadn’t wanted to be away from her since he’d taken her as his mate. Connor pulled Raven to his side, knowing exactly how the wolf felt.
“Still want to try for your own cubs?” Raven teased.
“I’m thinking you were right,” he said. “Maybe we should hold off for a few more years.”
“But continue practicing?” she asked as she stroked him through his shorts.
“Oh, yeah,” he said. “We need lots of practice. We want to be ready when the time comes.”
“Speaking of coming,” she said.
Connor laughed and scooped her up in his arms. “Have I told you that I love you yet today?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said, “but I never get tired of hearing it.”
“I love you, little nymph,” he said and then gave in to the temptation to kiss her.

Embrace the Heat (Moon Virus Book 2)
On her seventh birthday Layla’s mother mysteriously disappeared. Raised by a wood nymph in one of the few remaining human settlements, Layla learned to fight from an early age. She also learned to distrust the vampires who rule most of the land. When a vampire saves her life, Layla finds herself more than a little drawn to him, even knowing he could never give his heart to a human. 
The trauma of his childhood left Simon weary and distrustful of all humans, until the day he saved Layla’s life. After seeing the spirited human fighting like a seasoned warrior, Simon can’t help but respect and admire her. He soon learns that Layla is much more than he ever imagined, and he finds it hard to stay away from her. Despite the depths of his feelings, Simon knows there can be no future for them. 
Both of their worlds are turned upside down as Layla nears her twenty-seventh birthday. Suddenly the male vampires are inexplicably drawn to her, and Simon is no exception. As they unravel the mystery of Layla’s heritage, an enemy from their past resurfaces and threatens to destroy Simon and all that he cares for.

Author’s Note
Thank you for taking the time to read Raven’s Blood. If you enjoyed this book, please take a moment to leave a review on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, iTunes, and Goodreads. Even leaving a star rating on Goodreads is helpful to me. 
To keep posted on the details of my next novel, or just to see what I’m up to, you can follow me on Facebook.


About The Author
Cassandra Lawson lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband and her two youngest children. When she is not writing, she enjoys spending time with her family, listening to music, or curling up with a good book.
