Blue Skies
Tamara Allen
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Blue Skies
Copyright 2014 by Tamara Allen
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art by Damonza
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the written permission of the Publisher, except where permitted by law. To request permission and all other inquiries, contact Tamara Allen, P.O. Box 7571, The Woodlands, Texas 77387
February 2014 First Edition
Acknowledgments
I would like to thank Gwen Hayes, Cassandra Marshall, Mikaela Pederson, Emily Nemchick, and Laura Kingsley for their editorial assistance at various stages in the writing of this story. Also my thanks to Claire Ashgrove at Finish the Story and Rebecca J. Cartee for their fast and thorough proofreading. The lovely cover is courtesy of Damonza and the excellent formatting was done by Allen at eB Format. I have to include my heartfelt admiration for Elizabeth Cochrane Seaman, author of one of the most compelling resources I’ve ever come across.
On a more personal note, I want to thank Alla Peker for her friendship and support, especially during the past several months when I was so regularly cranky about this book. Also, a long-distance wave to Daff, just because.
And, as always, my love to Eric and Nick, who are there for me, rain or shine. Of all the smart, funny, and exasperating boys in the world, you two are the best. 
Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter One
It was undoubtedly the most out-of-date teachers’ lounge in all of Manhattan, and precisely the way Neil preferred it. The furnishings were a mishmash, from the rattan sofa with its orange tweed cushions to the pink Formica table doggedly bearing up under two coffee machines and a box of fossilized donuts. At the door, several teachers had put up a new petition to have the room redecorated. Neil debated wadding up the petition and tossing it into the metallic, avocado-green wastebasket. But that hardly seemed democratic.
Leaving it unsigned, he went in, pleased to find the place deserted. Late afternoon sun gleamed off the aged yellow tile that framed the casement windows. Neil leaned against the cool porcelain and peered into the courtyard where not a soul lingered. Freed by the last bell of the year, they were gone, to dive headfirst into summer. Even those signed up for summer classes had fled like escaped convicts, leaving behind the wreckage of locker refuse and sadly defiled textbooks.
Summer. A little sun and a lot of peace and quiet. Time to clean out his own desk and head home, to lie blissfully unpestered between the begonias and puny tomato plants on the terrace.
“Mr. Lennox!” The door rattled under an urgent fist. “Mr. Lennox, are you in there?”
Neil rested his head against the tile and groaned very softly. Before he could pretend to be somewhere else, the door opened and Mrs. Grasby continued on, volume undiminished. “Mr. Lennox, I’m so sorry, but Amos Bratcher of Kerr and Bratcher Consulting is on line two. Seems important.”
“What’d they set the bail at this time?”
Mrs. Grasby made a confused noise. “Bail? I’m sure I don’t know. Do you want me to ask?”
Neil pushed away from the tile, turned, then flinched at Mrs. Grasby’s vigorous gum-chewing. Still pinned to her sweater was the button the principal had given her at the start of the year, a happy face with Grade A Secretary emblazoned in red letters. He wondered if she’d wear it over the summer. “Thanks, no. I’ll take the call.”
The end-of-year tumult reigned in the administration offices, but the assistant principal had already left for Florida, so Neil slipped through his doorway and hunkered beside the stripped-bare desk, dragging the phone to the center of it. He took a bracing breath and punched line two. “Neil Lennox.”
“Hold for Mr. Bratcher, please,” a cheerful voice directed. A click followed and the world-weary tone of Amos Bratcher came over the line.
“Mr. Lennox, thank you for taking my call. I haven’t been able to reach Susan and I’m going out of town this evening. I left her a message—but this is rather urgent and I was hoping you might get hold of her...”
“I’ll take a shot at it.” Neil rummaged through the desk, coming up with paper and pencil. “What do you want me to tell her?”
“Stay out of the Bowery house. We’d scheduled an inspection, but McGowan’s threatening suit. This has to be handled with greater delicacy, and your sister can be rather...” Bratcher cleared his throat. “Enthusiastic.”
Neil choked back a laugh. That was one of the more diplomatic characterizations he’d heard over the years. And one that would have ticked Susan off to no end. “How about finding her a nice desk job? In a locked room in the basement. Because that’s the only way to slow her down.” He drew a sad face surrounded by wilting begonias. “That, or have her arrested, yourself.”
Mr. Bratcher was silent a moment, before letting loose what sounded like an unintentional sigh. “Tell her we’re rescheduling the inspection. I want her to just go home and enjoy the evening.”
“But if she gets herself locked up and depletes her brother’s bank account one more time, she’s fired?” Please, God.
Mr. Bratcher chuckled. “I’ve got to catch a plane. Thank you, sir.”
Neil sat for a minute with the dial tone in his ear before deciding to try Susan’s cell phone. She had it off, as she usually did during inspections. He’d have to run by. He knew where the house was, after Susan’s excited description at dinner the week before, and he had no desire to see the place in person. But Joe McGowan was not the most reasonable of men, and Susan seemed to get under his skin more than anyone else at Kerr and Bratcher. Joking aside, she didn’t deserve another night locked up, no matter how stubborn and single-minded she could be.
The sun was fast losing ground—or sky, Neil mused—to stormclouds and he expected to emerge in the rain. A drizzle accompanied him from the train to a section of the city a little too rundown for his comfort. Wishing he’d taken a cab, he disregarded the house numbers and looked for the oldest building on the street.
Susan had led him to expect a nineteenth century abode of faded but preservable charm. What he found was a house still standing only due to some forgiving quirk of Mother Nature. Clearly long vacant, it sat soddenly among a row of newer buildings, all considerably taller. Its bricks weather-beaten, its windows filthy, the place met Halloween spook house standards and then some. Neil half-expected to see a ghoulish face materialize in the dark dormer at the top.
Only an insanely determined preservationist would bother fighting to save such a dump. He knew of at least one who fit the bill. Pushing cautiously past the rusted gate, he went up the steps and found the door unlocked. The interior was every bit as dim and dirty as he expected, and thick with the mustiness of a century’s disrepair. He studied the stairs for a good minute before testing the bottom step. It shifted underfoot and he retreated. “Susan!”
The call went unanswered. She was probably lost in admiration of what was left of the wallpaper or woodwork. That, or the rats had her cornered. Worried, he tried the stairs again. “Susan, you here?”
She appeared at the second floor railing, leaning against it with a carelessness that made Neil’s heart nearly stop. “Susan, for God’s sake.”
“It’s fine, silly.” She gave the rail a push. “See? Come up,” she said, beaming with delight. “You’ve got to look at this.”
“Your boss called—”
“I know. Inspection delayed. Come up!”
She disappeared and Neil sighed. “Mr. Bratcher’s going to put a bail bondsman on speed dial if you keep this up.” He wedged his foot against the wall before setting his weight on the step. “Remember what Dad used to tell you about picking your battles?” Wood creaked underfoot and Neil froze, holding his breath. When the step didn’t give, he exhaled. “Joe McGowan will buy that hovel you moved into and you’ll be out on the street the day after. And if you think you’re sleeping on my sofa—”
The rail wobbled under his hand and Neil pinned himself closer to the wall and sidled up. “By the way, Brian says to tell you he had a good time last week. Think you might want to see him again? Get married? Have a few kids? Not that I expect it’ll keep you out of trouble but—” Any port in a storm.
The steps were marginally sturdier near the top and he reached the landing with relief tempered by the knowledge that, at some point, he’d have to go back down. He should never have come inside. He should have posted himself at the curb and thrown rocks at the window, instead. But better plans always came to him after the fact. “Susan?”
Only the afternoon light filtering through the rain lit the back room, but it was enough to reveal four rotted beams laid out on the floor, apparently to support the two cylindrical masses of rusted iron nearly buried under fallen plaster and the slack coils of what Neil guessed had formerly been belts for the machine’s pulleys.
As he pushed aside plaster for a better look, Susan produced a flashlight from her red plaid carry-all—her Poppins purse, their dad had called it. “Here.” She peered over his shoulder while he ran the light along the length of the iron cylinder. “So what is it? I figured you’d know.”
“It’s a big, rusted bug’s nest,” he said, stepping back as something large and six-legged surmounted a protruding bolt and dove for the floor, to vanish under the baseboard.
Susan grimaced. “My least favorite part of the job.” She unclipped her hair, combed it with her fingers, and clipped it again. “Any historical value, you think?”
“In the bug or the pile of rust?”
“Neil—”
“Sorry, no. I don’t think so. Unless you can prove it was built by someone famous.” He circled the pair of machines. “You know what it looks like? An early generator. The kind that lit six light bulbs and they called it a miracle.”
“Yeah?” Susan followed him. “That ought to be worth something.”
“The house may be worth something, but this isn’t. Just the cost of hauling these out...” He gave the base of the machine a kick. Cast iron, as solid as it came. “My guess is someone was trying to start up his own power plant. Maybe he got tired of paying the gas bills. How old did you say the house is?”
“Built in 1830. Isn’t it beautiful?” She caught hold of his sleeve and tugged. “Come see the front room. It’s just as interesting.”
Neil suppressed a groan and let himself be pulled along. Susan’s passion wouldn’t be stifled by Joe McGowan or anyone else. Neil had never dampened it, despite years of teasing and the occasional lecture born of brotherly panic. He’d admit he liked her ferocity. It wasn’t a trait that came naturally to everyone.
Then again, passion had a knack for creating blind spots. On the other side of a pair of wobbly pocket doors stood a smaller room, dim, decrepit, and empty. “You have a unique definition of interesting, Sukie.”
She took a swipe at his shoulder as she passed on the way to the lone window. “Look at this.” She laid a hand on it, fingers spread. “The screen’s inside. And made of copper.”
Intrigued, Neil trained the flashlight on the screen. The wide mesh wouldn’t have deterred many flies. With that thought came the uneasy suspicion the screen hadn’t been installed for keeping anything out. “This wasn’t a former mental hospital, by any chance?”
Susan smiled. “Funny. That never occurred to me. I just thought it must have something to do with the generators, or whatever they are. Look at this.” She pressed the edge of the screen where it met the splintered wood of the window frame. “The screen goes on under the frame and into the wall.”
“Sure. You don’t want patients busting through the glass.”
“It was never a hospital, Neil. According to records, it was owned by a succession of Joe McGowan’s ancestors.”
“So maybe McGowan’s great-great-granddad held people prisoner and experimented on them.” Neil enhanced a macabre grin with the aid of the flashlight. “In this very room, he wired them up to see what this wondrous new electricity could do—”
Lightning speared the darkening sky, illuminating Susan’s startled features. As shaken, Neil let out a laugh. “Perfect timing. Can we get out of here, please? This place is spooky enough without the special effects.”
“You started it. Anyway, I’m not done—”
“It’s getting too dark to inspect this place with one flashlight. And you’ve got no electricity, despite the generators.” He swung the light around the room. “I’m assuming the gas has been shut off for years.”
“That’s the other thing,” Susan said, taking the flashlight from him. “No one’s been in this place for ages, not even McGowan. From what I’ve seen, the other rooms once had gas. If this room did, the fixtures were all removed at some point. The hall door was taken down and plastered over, so you can only get in here through the back room. And the hearth has that weird copper screen, too.”
The amusement factor was losing some of its luster. “Maybe I wasn’t too far off with the evil scientist theory.”
Lightning flared against remnants of wallpaper so faded, only the ghosts of roses remained. Susan’s flashlight as briefly brightened the plaster-littered wood floors. Neil glanced curiously toward the ceiling, to see the dull glint of copper where the plaster had fallen away.
“It’s everywhere. Like one big, antique Faraday cage.” Another hole, at eye level, drew him. “Susan, hand me the light—”
Lightning flashed again and Susan’s sharp breath turned him back in her direction. “What’s wrong?” Even as he spoke, the roses bloomed in his peripheral vision, a rich blush in the dimness. Free of refuse, the floorboards darkly shone, and rain fell against glass not as grime-smeared as it had seemed a moment before. The hum in the air could only mean he was having the stroke Aunt Lena had once grimly predicted would take him the way it had taken his father at fifty-seven. He wanted to think the spook house atmosphere was getting to him, but the ragged breathing he could hear in the darkness behind him wasn’t just an echo of his own.
“Did you see that?” Susan whispered, the drooping flashlight leaving a circle of light on floorboards as scarred and dulled as he’d first thought. “Something—someone...”
Neil grabbed the flashlight and swung it around until the beam fell on a face, one he didn’t recognize. The man was about his own age, garbed in a tweedy three-piece suit, rumpled overcoat, and rain-splattered Homburg—an outfit he’d probably dredged from the bottom of a Goodwill bin. He didn’t look like any kind of threat, but Neil didn’t want to chance it. “You aware you’re on private property?”
The sharp-chinned face went pale. “I beg your pardon. I wanted to—get out of the rain.”
He sounded dazed. Or drunk. Neil put on an affable smile. “I’m Neil Lennox. And you are?”
“Robin Winfield.” He took off his hat, an absent-minded gesture, and his attention shifted to Susan, who was digging energetically through her bag. “I didn’t intend to trespass. I give you my word—”
“It’s all right. She’s just looking for pepper spray.” Neil yielded affable to rueful. “I’d guess you’ve got a good four or five minutes.” He lowered the flashlight so it wasn’t hitting Winfield directly in the face. “You need a lift somewhere? Maybe over to the mission? You can get a late supper and a comfortable bed for the night.”
Winfield glanced toward the window as if he expected to see something besides rain falling against the glass. “The date.” The tension underlying those words vibrated in his voice. “What’s today?”
A reasonable question from a guy who, Neil imagined, lost track of it frequently. “June 26th.”
Winfield’s gaze shot back toward him, wide with alarm. “1888?”
Lost track and then some, apparently. “You’re off by a year or two—”
“I’ve got it!” Susan wielded the spray and Neil plucked the canister out of her hand. “Hey—”
“Susan, he’s harmless. Look at him.”
Winfield brushed unsteady fingers over the dark blond hair stuck damply to his brow, then dropped the hand to unbutton his coat. “Off by a year or two? I don’t...” Even in the dimness at the edge of the flashlight’s beam, his confusion was evident. It lasted only a moment before his attention sharpened on Neil. “You weren’t serious.”
Neil acknowledged it with a nod. “I was kind of hoping you weren’t, either. Why 1888, in particular?”
“That’s the date. Or it was, until a few minutes ago.” Winfield spoke more to himself, as if he needed as much convincing. “If you will allow me...” He made a visible effort to pull himself together. “A gentleman by the name of Victor McGowan requested my assistance—”
“McGowan!” Susan grabbed the flashlight and aimed it at him, along with her stoniest expression. “If Joe sent you here, you can tell him—and this Victor, whoever he is—that the McGowans won’t intimidate Kerr and Bratcher. I’m going to save this house and it’s not a show of good will to disrupt my inspection.”
“Forgive me, Miss...”
“Susan Lennox,” Susan said, less fierce but still wary.
Winfield inclined his head, a cautious nod, and extended a hand to Neil. “I don’t know the gentleman, but if he has Victor McGowan’s blood in him, you may expect he’ll do what suits him. Still, if you mean to protect the house, you have my wholehearted assistance.”
The offered hand was surprisingly callused. Winfield looked more like a man who spent all his time with his nose in a book. “McGowan fire you or something?”
“Mr. McGowan charged me to inspect the house. Or rather, the alterations made to it. The copper and conducting wires that line this room and the dynamos—”
“We were wondering about that,” Neil said. “You know why they were installed?”
Winfield hesitated. “You won’t believe me.”
“Sure we will.”
“They were installed so electricity might be harnessed to a degree to permit travel into the future.”
Neil broke into a laugh. “How many bottles have you gone through today?”
That provoked an unexpected smile. “I didn’t believe it, either. That was...” The smile faded. “What year is it?”
“2014,” Susan answered, so softly that Neil narrowed a dubious gaze her way.
“No, you don’t. You do not believe this. Susan—”
“Look at his clothes.”
“Someone’s trying to pull something over on us.” Or Winfield had been dosing himself with something stronger than whisky. “Granted, this place is creepy enough to make you wonder, but—”
“Neil—”
“Seriously, time travel? With those old generators?”
Winfield was swift to shake his head. “Something far more powerful.”
“If you’re about to bring religion into this—”
“Neil.”
Susan had stepped back through the pocket doors and she held her phone cradled in one hand. Uneasiness, which had been a mere tickle in Neil’s gut, engulfed him. He moved to her side and took the phone, his gaze going unwillingly to the screen, where the date was emblazoned against a sunny Bermuda sky. His heart stopped and he sucked in a desperate lungful of air to revive it. “June 29th?”
Anxiety shone in Susan’s eyes. “Yeah.”
Neil snapped the phone shut. “Shit. Those were three vacation days.”
She jabbed him in the ribs with the flashlight. “For God’s sake. Three days! Gone just like that.”
Neil shook his head. “Your phone’s broken.” He dragged his own phone from his pocket and turned it on, ignoring the date on the screen and instead digging up the Times online. It wasn’t the issue he’d been reading earlier in the day. And the date... “June 29th. How—” There was no use in speculating. He turned to Winfield. “How?”
“Purely by accident.” Thunder rumbled and Winfield flinched. His apprehensive glance strayed to the window. “If we remain in this room, I daresay there’ll be another.”
Neil struggled stubbornly against worry burning caustic paths through his veins. “You mean—”
“The storm may send us farther into the future.”
Susan glanced heavenward. “The lightning?” she asked, at last sounding skeptical.
The storm, as if affronted, brightened the room. A preserving dose of panic seemed a viable alternative after all, and Neil grabbed Susan’s hand and pulled her away from the doorway, Winfield close behind. They stumbled into a pitch-dark hall as the storm continued to crash around them.
“Three days,” Susan whispered, with a frightened glance at Neil in the flashlight’s glow. “Can it be? What are we going to do?”
“You’re assuming three days,” Neil said. “If it’s the lightning, that last bolt might’ve sent us off three years or three hundred.” He shrank from the thought.
“I don’t believe so,” Winfield said. “There’s a sort of—feeling about it, when it happens. Didn’t you notice?”
“I noticed...” Neil frowned. “It sounds strange, but the room was changing. Everything seemed newer.” A disturbing realization struck. “We went back—and came forward again. Without even paying for a round trip ticket,” he said with a shaky laugh.
Susan slipped her hand into his. “We’re okay. We only lost three days.”
Only three days. Funny, to find that a relief. The idea of time travel had intrigued him all through childhood. The reality was a little too—real. It had to be even more disturbing for the man huddled beside him. Wing collar, waistcoat, buttoned boots... Winfield was a walking anachronism, and one who couldn’t be left sitting alone to face his own upturned reality.
“You’d better come with us...” At Susan’s startled glance, he plunged ahead, seeing little advantage in tiptoeing around the relevant issue. “Look, whether this is for real or we’re all just stuck in some bizarro dream, there’s no way in hell we can let Joe McGowan find out about it. He’s already doing his damnedest to own New York. If this is real, we’ll be handing him the opportunity to take over the whole world.”
Susan aimed the flashlight at him. “My place or yours?”
Neil shrugged. “I think our guest would like that million-year-old building you call home, but I’ve got more beds.”
“I thought your roommates weren’t leaving till—”
“June 27th?” Neil snorted. “If it’s the 29th, they’re gone. I just hope they haven’t reported me missing.”
Susan’s eyes went wide. “Oh, damn. Amos—”
“I wouldn’t worry about Amos. He’ll assume you were arrested.”
She gave him a dark look. “See if you’re laughing when we make the headlines.”
“Well, it’s not like we were abducted by UFOs. We just traveled in time. A little.”
“I’m voting bizarro dream. Either way—” Susan blew out a breath. “Let’s get out of here.”
Winfield stayed beside the hall door, plucking at a waistcoat button with restless fingers. “I can’t come with you. If what you’ve said about Joe McGowan is true...” As Neil drew near, Winfield stepped back into the room like a spirit compelled to haunt it. But the storm had quieted and any hope he had of catching the next lightning bolt back to his own time was, for the moment, over.
“You can’t wait. You’ll be miserably hot, there’s nothing to eat, no place to sleep.” Neil settled a hand lightly on his shoulder. “Look, the minute the weather turns bad, we’ll hop in a cab and I’ll bring you right over. We can do it a lot faster these days.” He smiled encouragingly. “All right?”
Susan’s flashlight beam moved inquisitively in their direction and Neil glimpsed weary blue eyes fringed with damp lashes. He eased an arm around Winfield’s shoulders and turned him toward the stairs. “I don’t live too far away. Midtown West—er, Hell’s Kitchen.”
Winfield stopped short. “Really?”
Neil heard the quiet horror in his voice and, glad for the darkness, let a smile loose. “It’s much nicer now.”
With no cab in sight, they headed for the train station, Susan leading the way. Keeping Winfield safely sandwiched between them, Neil followed. Precious days lost and he was heading home to wilted plants, an empty refrigerator, a hot apartment—and the unexpected responsibility of a new roommate with no experience navigating modern Manhattan. It was amazing, unbelievable, and full of potential for utter, irreversible disaster.
The next summer shower couldn’t come soon enough.
Chapter Two
On the ride to Neil’s apartment, Susan checked her voicemail, to find a message from Amos, encouraging her to take the rest of the week off. It was probably just as well, since she wasn’t too sure of the wisdom in leaving Robin to Neil’s care. His bossy streak wouldn’t do Robin any long-term harm, but his penchant for ice cream sandwiches and take-out pizza might not be the best thing for a digestive system used to something healthier. She dropped her phone into her carry-all and felt around in the bag for her change purse, only to come across the doorknob she’d picked up off the floor of the house; an old brass knob with an intricate floral pattern circling the rim.
Neil, at the sight of it, rolled his eyes. “I think that junk drawer’s full.”
“It’s not junk.” She’d never intended to take up her dad’s practice of rescuing bits and pieces of lost history. But even habits could be passed down, it seemed. “He would’ve liked it.” The ache was still there, heavy in her heart despite the passage of five years. Neil leaned against her, a counterbalance that eased away some of the cold weight, and she tried to smile. “Guess I broke the no-tears-on-the-train rule. I just miss him.”
Neil’s smile wasn’t much better, though the wry gleam in his eyes prevailed. “I can drag you around on a ten-hour East Side tour, if you want.”
She had to laugh. “Life was a treasure hunt, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, and New York was the treasure.” Neil sighed. “He should’ve put that on his business card. ‘Stephen Lennox, explorer and proud collector of every last discarded scrap of Old Manhattan.’ And you’re just as bad. That old key he gave you, I know you’re still trying it in every lock.”
Susan stuffed the doorknob back into her carry-all. “Not every lock. I gave that up a long time ago.”
“Well, now you’ve got a key and a doorknob. All you need is a door. Preferably one that leads back to reality.” His glance slid toward the opposite seat, where he’d lodged Robin between a businessman typing away on a laptop and a gray-haired woman in a flowered sundress, placidly eating a donut out of an enormous box of them. Though the computer screen had Robin’s attention, it was not undivided.
“You have anything in your fridge?” Susan asked.
Neil shrugged. “I haven’t been home in three days, but as I recall, not much more than beer, soda, and watermelon.”
“There’s fruit in your fridge?”
“I think Tim bought it. It’s got one of his orange post notes on it.”
“I thought Aaron’s post notes were orange...” Susan trailed off. Robin seemed in danger of inviting a punch in the nose if he stuck it any closer to his neighbor’s computer screen. Susan leaned forward with a quiet warning on her lips, one left unsaid when Neil launched out of his seat, seized a handful of Robin’s coat, and hauled him off to the other end of the car. Her big brother, the diplomat—not so much. As he gave Robin a lecture on train etiquette, she watched, tickled by the seriousness with which Robin took it. It wouldn’t be long before Robin caught on to her brother’s glib talent for bullshit and learned to excavate whatever intelligent conversation lay buried beneath.
For the time being, Robin seemed too disoriented to do more than obey instructions to stick with them on the walk to the apartment Neil shared with colleagues—both of whom, by the look of the place, had vacated without a worry for their missing roommate. A note left on the refrigerator indicated a hasty departure for the airport and a promise to call from California. Two phone messages gave away a slight but growing concern over Neil’s whereabouts.
“I’ll call them,” Neil said, heading for the bedroom. “Keep an eye on our guest, will you?”
Robin prowled the living room, where mismatched furnishings collected from flea markets and antique shops took up most of the space on wood floors too new to be charming. With roommates who cared only for the comfort factor, Neil had tossed a few decades worth of styles into his own personal melting pot. Susan had never found it entirely harmonious, but she’d admit she liked the sleek mid-century sofa paired with the little stick-and-ball tables she had given Neil for Christmas. She couldn’t even object to the beat-up old coffee table with its blue-mirrored surface. But the green clay Buddha with the clock in its belly still ruled as a centerpiece, despite her horror—or because of it.
Whatever Robin thought of the furniture, he did not express as he sat and peered down at the New York Times lying beside Buddha. Concerned, Susan sat beside him and reached for the paper. “I guess I’m not being a good host. Can I get you something to drink?”
Robin brightened. “I’m in time for tea?”
Susan couldn’t hold back a smile, herself. “I’ll see what we have.” Taking the newspaper with her for safekeeping, she was still scouring the contents of the refrigerator when Neil tugged at her elbow.
“You staying over?” he asked.
“If I stayed, you’d be sleeping on the sofa. Or bunking with Robin. I don’t think he’s ready for that.”
Neil snorted. “He’s not my type. Or even yours, as far as that goes.”
Susan echoed his snort. “Your type. Which is?” A gentle note slipped into the rejoinder. As often as he teased her over her reluctance to date, she’d tested those tumultuous waters far more than he.
And it was a conversation he was clearly in no mood to rehash. “You looking for something to eat?” He pulled wide the refrigerator door. “I just ordered pizza.”
Susan straightened, turning. “Did you talk to Tim and Aaron?”
“Left a message. You calling Amos?”
“In a minute.” She glanced across the bar, to see Robin approaching. “You have any tea?”
“Seriously? There might be a root beer in there.” He leaned closer, lowering his voice. “Stay for dinner, all right?”
Susan swallowed a laugh. “Afraid to be left alone with a guy who can probably kick your ass at Scrabble?”
“Terrified. Come on. You translate late nineteenth century better than me.”
“Yeah, but you translate men better.” Susan made a face and bent down to hunt in the crustier reaches of the refrigerator. “Did you order salad?”
“Why the hell would I order salad?”
“Because you have guests?”
Robin had settled on a barstool and was studying one of the cans Susan had taken from the refrigerator. He turned it upside down in increasing bemusement, then gave it a shake. Neil took possession of it even more swiftly than Susan had confiscated the newspaper. “Lesson number two. Don’t shake cans. Any cans. Ever.” He buried the can in the back of the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of tea. “Close enough. All right, dinner will be along in about thirty minutes. No salad, sorry, but if you’re starving, I’ve got watermelon, ice cream sandwiches, and—” He frowned. “Maybe cookies.”
As he started back through the cabinets, Susan opened the tea bottle and handed it to Robin. “Don’t mind Neil. He’s still working on the fundamentals of human interaction. I’m sure you must have questions—”
“Define the parameters,” Neil said. “No politics, history, science, medicine—”
“Neil, for God’s sake...”
Robin cleared his throat. “Surely questions regarding the house would not be amiss?”
Susan caught the amusement under his cautious demeanor. “I think you’re entitled to that much.” Her triumphant little smile at Neil got her a disgruntled glance, one not directed at her, alone.
Robin seemed undeterred. “This Kerr and Bratcher you’ve mentioned, they’ve a stake in the house?”
“They run the preservation consulting firm where I work,” Susan said.
“Preservation consulting?”
“We try to prevent acts of vandalism by shortsighted developers—”
“I beg your pardon. Vandalism?”
At the question, Neil groaned and closed the cabinet a little more firmly than necessary. Susan as deliberately ignored it. “Tearing down a historic building is an act of vandalism, Mr. Winfield. It may not have been as generally acknowledged in your time, but it remains no less true. Joe McGowan has made a habit of buying up properties to destroy them and put glass and steel monuments to himself in their place.”
Neil took a seat beside Robin and proffered an open bag. “Cookie?”
Susan took the hint. “I’m going to talk to Amos first thing tomorrow. If McGowan thinks he can get away with it, he’ll show up with a wrecking crew to start dismantling the house. He’s done it before.”
“Might be better to dismantle it,” Neil remarked, then raised both hands before she could protest. “That building needs to come down. The copper mesh, anyway, before someone else ends up where he’s not supposed to be. How it works at all...” He shook his head.
“Maybe it’s on a convergence of ley lines,” Susan suggested with a laugh.
Neil rolled his eyes. “The only thing that house is sitting on is a pile of mica and quartz, and however magical that might be, I kind of doubt it’s enough to send a man a hundred years into the future.”
Susan extended a hand across the counter. “Give me your phone.”
“I checked already. No storms forecast until Tuesday or Wednesday. You know...” Neil grimaced. “The next storm might send Mr. Winfield forward instead of back. If Joe takes down the building—”
“Robin’s trapped in the future.” Susan recoiled. “We can’t let anyone tear it down.”
“Hold on a minute,” Neil said. “If the house is destined to be torn down, he can’t go beyond the time the house exists. Right?”
Robin’s knit brows and the uneasy set of his mouth gave way to quiet resolve. “From your experience, we may judge that I can safely go back. Maybe not all the way, at first, but I’ll keep trying. Once I’m home, I’ll leave you some sort of message so you’ll know.”
Neil shook his head. “If you hitch a ride in the wrong direction and Joe shows up a day later with his bulldozers, there’s not much we could do to stop it, unless Susan chains herself to the gate—”
Susan interrupted with an exasperated hiss. “I was nineteen, Neil. Let it go.”
“Oh, that little incident’s still got plenty of mileage.” Neil grinned. “But I think in this instance Joe would cheerfully mow you down with the building. So why don’t we come up with a better plan.”
By the time the pizza boxes lay empty, the plan had evolved no further than an agreement to meet for breakfast and examine the situation in the sensible light of day. Susan had the feeling Neil hoped to wake and find he’d dreamed the whole thing. She headed home half-convinced that, come morning, she’d be reaching for that saner conclusion, herself.
Chapter Three
It should have comforted, the gentle patter against the glass. Robin burrowed farther under the blanket, chilled despite the sultry night without, and hoped the rain would stop long enough to let him sleep. Judging by the glowing numbers on the clock beside the bed, he had lain awake an hour, in wait for a distant rumble or the first flash against a window already brightened by street lamps, traffic, and neighboring apartments.
He was glad for the light stealing in. A sense of the city, full of familiar motion and life, anchored him. But Miss Lennox’s conviction that Joe McGowan might tear down the building despite the city’s intervention, that haunted him.
It had all seemed so innocuous when Victor came to him just before Christmas—only a month ago, give or take a hundred and twenty-six years—to ask his help. The journal Victor handed over, a possession he’d apparently discovered among a deceased relative’s belongings, had proved nothing more than a record of the gentleman’s experiments with electricity. After poring over well-thumbed pages dense with cramped script, much of it in a unique code that had taken a while to interpret, Robin could only conclude that the author had been an intelligent but eccentric fellow with a wild imagination. There was no more to make of it.
But Victor wouldn’t let it go at that; and as a trustee with considerable power over the career of a newly appointed professor, he’d made an irresistible argument in favor of Robin continuing on. Letting his own work fall by the way, Robin had made a thorough examination of the house from cellar to roof. The dynamos, the copper walls, the row of lightning rods in their rather concealed vantage point behind the ridge-pole—he’d found it all quite remarkable, but no proof he was on anything more than a goose chase of the most ludicrous proportions.
Until the storm.
2014, Miss Lennox had said. His mind chased after the idea, trying to grasp it. Each time he came close, his racing heart distracted him and the cold that washed over him had little to do with the room’s chilled air. He was perched on a ledge miles above solid earth, too high up to find familiar faces or hear familiar voices, too high to even make out carriage traffic or smoke rising from chimneys. So high that he could discern only the markers of land and sea untroubled by the passage of a century. If McGowan demolished the house...
Rising, Robin drew a long breath, then another. The dark room framed the window, where lights still shone in. The buildings across the street were all shadows and damp stone. He’d been fortunate to arrive when he had. If Victor McGowan’s kin had been at the house to greet him, he had little doubt he would’ve ended up on his own. That was another thought he could scarcely entertain. The journey to 45th Street through the distressingly altered world looming in the rain-scented dusk—he could not have borne that walk, alone. Amid buildings he’d recognized, others soared into the heavens, light pouring from their highest windows like garish, unnatural starlight against the dark clouds. In their shadow, huge carriages absent the horseflesh had rolled past, and people strolled by like phantoms, in fluttering fabrics unsuitable for both the stormy evening and the sensibilities of—well, perhaps no one but him.
God help him.
There would be no sleep. Not tonight. He slipped a borrowed dressing gown over the provided nightclothes—a cotton shirt and a pair of soft trousers tied with string—and crept into the parlor, where a blue lamp on the corner table lit the room in the eeriest fashion. The lamp’s watery interior held captive some sort of sea life drifting restlessly from one end to the other and, entranced, Robin started to pick up the lamp, to find the glass hot to the touch. Grasping it by the cooler base, he tried to lift away its cover for a more direct view into the water. A voice sharp with warning startled him, but a pair of hands caught the lamp before it could crash to the floor. Robin looked into green eyes full of stern reproach and, torn between guilt and exasperation himself, frowned back. “Is everything in your world so fragile?”
“For safety’s sake, you’d better assume it is.” Neil set the lamp gingerly on the table. “Look, I know you’re curious. God knows I’d be poking around. But if the overwhelming urge to shake something hits you again, ask me first.” He turned back to Robin and the reproach eased to a grudging concern. “You can’t sleep?”
“It’s difficult. Because of the rain,” he added, before Neil could consider it a shortcoming in the accommodations. “Too much occupies my mind—”
“You don’t have to explain.” Neil headed to the kitchen, motioning for him to follow. “If you shot me a hundred years into the future, I don’t guess I’d drop right off to sleep, either.” He took a bottle and two glasses from the cupboard, poured a drink, and set it in front of Robin. “Like some water with that?”
Robin tasted it. Whisky, and quite good. “No need. Thank you.” Though something in Neil’s manner discouraged him from speaking too openly, one thing had to be said. “I meant to thank you earlier for your kindness in coming to my rescue.”
“Don’t worry about it. I may have an overdeveloped sense of responsibility, at least where history’s concerned.” The corners of Neil’s mouth twitched upward and he leaned to refill Robin’s glass. “Anyway, if I let you run around, changing it, you’ll make my job that much harder.”  
“Your job?”
“I teach.”
“Oh?” It intrigued him that this brusque man with his mordant sense of humor and rather forward manners shared his occupation. “You don’t teach at Columbia, by any chance?” A dreadful thought struck him. “Columbia does still exist?”
“It does. But I teach high school.”
Robin noted the wry resignation. “You don’t care for it?”
The question seemed to surprise Neil. “Well—sometimes, I don’t.” His gaze dropped, going distant, and the smallest smile touched his lips. “Sometimes I do.”
If the wry note remained, there was affection, too. Robin preferred that smile, brief as it was, over the nonchalant grin that took its place as Neil offered him a third glass. Robin tiredly shook his head. “I don’t think I care to lose my wits altogether. I’ve already kept us both up—”
“I’m usually up late on weekends.” Neil’s glance strayed to the window. “The rain’s stopped. Think you can sleep?”
“I don’t know.”
Neil plucked the glass from his hand and directed him with a gentle push toward the sofa. As they sat, light flared on a black canvas hung on the opposite wall. A city street alive with people and traffic stood before them and Robin groped hastily at his dressing gown, pulling it closed. Neil startled him further by choking back a laugh. “It’s all right. They can’t see you. Just watch.”
He lifted a slim black box and the images changed in swift succession, at last settling on a pair of jovial gentlemen in rapt conversation about, so it seemed, the weather. “Ten percent chance of rain tomorrow,” Neil said quietly. “Fifty percent on Tuesday. Sixty percent, Wednesday. See?”
“Can they know with such certainty?”
“Well, not always, but I think you’re probably here till Wednesday, anyway.” The light went out on the canvas. “Whatever happened in the past will be waiting in the future once you get back, right? So there’s no point in worrying about it till then.”
It would be even more unproductive to argue, Robin sensed. He let worry yield for a moment to curiosity. “May I see that?” He reached for the black box, but Neil swiftly withdrew it.
“I’m not turning you into a channel-surfing zombie. Susan would kill me.” Neil yawned. “Bedtime.”
“I’m not so sure I will sleep.” The whisky had done him little good. His head ached and anxiety ran with its own electric charge through his veins. Neil, to his surprise, settled back beside him and relit the canvas, summoning the two gentlemen—still in the midst of a discussion about the weather.
“Do they go on all night?”
“All night and all day. Let’s see if we can find something better.”
Images raced by with mesmerizing speed, but Neil refused to stay on one for long, no matter how intriguing. At last he chose a lively little play chronicling the efforts of seven shipwreck survivors to escape a tropical island. Robin found himself commiserating with their plight, despite the apparent amusement of unseen others attending the performance.
How it concluded, he never discovered. When he woke, lamplight had given way to sunlight, warm upon the woolly blue blanket Neil had draped over him sometime during the night. He pushed it away and sat up, trying to get his bearings. The furnishings with their austere design looked even more alien in the light of day. Lonely for the sights of home, he went to the window and looked out upon a street that in some part still resembled the Manhattan he knew. The clear sky above indicated he was destined to spend some time becoming acquainted with the Manhattan he didn’t know.
The prospect intrigued him, despite his worry—and despite the certainty that his host meant to thwart any effort to learn too much. But Neil had made allowances the night before, keeping him company despite the late hour. If that sympathy came with some impatience, Neil’s own worries could account for it. It had to be bewildering to have a fellow appear out of nowhere in a house one supposed was long deserted.
As deserted, Robin noted, as the apartment appeared. Rising, he made the short circuit of kitchen, bedchamber, and bath. The furnishings might be austere, but the facilities were luxurious. It was pleasing to know teachers’ salaries had risen so dramatically in the intervening years. Crossing the parlor to the second bedchamber, Robin hesitated at the door. Neil had been awake so late; it was hardly fair to rouse him. Deciding to wait, he settled on the sofa and noticed immediately the black box on the table where Neil had left it. Having already witnessed its workings, Robin didn’t know what objection might be made to a closer scrutiny.
He’d only just picked it up to examine the array of push-buttons when a bell rasped behind him, making him jump. It was a summons that brought Neil staggering out in nothing more than a dressing gown, hair tousled, eyes half-shut. He unlocked the door, jabbed a button beside it, then turned to squint at Robin. “You’re up.”
Robin hid the black box behind his back. “Only just.”
Neil’s gaze narrowed. “Only just is long enough to get into trouble.” He looked Robin up and down. “I guess you’ll need a change of clothes. Answer the door, will you?”
“I’m not dressed—” But Neil was gone. Robin started to follow, reaching the bedchamber door just as someone knocked. Uneasy, he pulled the dressing gown closed and crept back to open the door. Susan stood on the other side, a large white paper bag in her arms. She gave him a smile, her brown eyes full of bright warmth.
“I’m not surprised you’re the first up,” she said with a laugh and slipped by him. Her white skirts fluttered—mercifully—past her knees, but her feet were nearly bare in flat shoes constructed of little more than glass beads and a smooth leather strap. Her hair, the same shade of chestnut as Neil’s, fell unplaited to her shoulders, but she tied it back as soon as she’d set down the bag. Her inquisitive gaze returned to him and she seemed not at all discomfitted by his state of undress. “Did you have a good night? I know it’s difficult, sleeping in a strange bed. In a strange century,” she added with a small grin. “But I’ve brought breakfast. Coffee—” She set a white cup on the counter, then two more. “Do you drink coffee? I’ve got some bagels, muffins, and fruit cups. I don’t know what you’re used to.” She looked at him again, brimming with sympathy. “None of this, I suppose.”
Her kindness made him feel a little more at home. “I do drink coffee, thank you. But I should dress—”
“Oh. Of course.” She came around the counter. “Where’s Neil? Did he...” Her attention fell to the black box in his hands and her eyebrows rose. “You don’t know what that’s for, do you?”
“Yes, indeed,” he said as she took it from him. “Your brother was good enough to demonstrate it last night, though I was not quite in the frame of mind to appreciate it.”
Susan’s laugh was more of a soft groan. “Spaghetti westerns or Mighty Mouse cartoons?”
“I beg your pardon?”
Neil reappeared, a suit draped over his arm, and Susan extended the black box, stopping him in his tracks. She said nothing, but Robin had the feeling her expression communicated all that was necessary, in a most sisterly fashion. Neil broke into an easy grin. “Robin’s going to need a little help. I’ll be right back.”
Robin found himself in tow across the parlor and into the bathroom, where Neil pulled aside the curtain and turned the knobs, sending water blasting into the bathtub. He hung the suit behind the door and handed Robin a towel. “I let you in on the mysteries of cable against my better judgment last night. If I make that mistake again, let’s just keep it between us. Susan gets cranky when I ignore rules. Especially ones I set down in the first place.” At the door, he glanced back. “You can handle it from here, can’t you?”
Robin smiled. “Thank you. For ignoring the rules.”
“Yeah...” Neil lingered, brow creasing. “Don’t get too comfortable with it, all right?”
“I wouldn’t think of it.”
“Uh huh.”
The suit fit, only coming up negligibly short at the cuffs. The tie, smoky blue, stood out handsomely against the crisp white shirt and brown coat. He hadn’t tied it properly, he knew, and Neil had forgotten to leave him the waistcoat. No more successful was his effort to comb his hair without any oil. But then, judging by Neil’s tousled head, unruliness was the order of the day—as was the lack of coat and hat. Considering whether to leave both behind, he thought of Susan and decided to err on the side of good manners.
He came out of the bedroom into the midst of a heated discussion. 
“You don’t know what he might take back,” Susan said. “Or what he might be able to do with that knowledge.”
“Right. Well, when he builds a radio out of coconuts and the world ends, I’ll step up to take the blame. I promise.”
“Neil—”
Neil shook his head. “He’s already time-traveled, Sukie. He can coast on that accomplishment the rest of his days. Retire and move to the Bahamas. And speaking of Bahamas...” He turned to Robin and smiled broadly. “You look like a man on vacation. Breakfast?” He held out a muffin of immense proportions. “We’ve got coffee, too. I assume you drink coffee.” Neil cast the smile as unabashedly at Susan. “Who doesn’t drink coffee?”
“Keep rambling,” Susan said, her own lips curled with reproof. “Sooner or later, you’ll run out of breath and the subject will be back on the table.”
Neil appeared to take that as an opportune moment to attend his own ablutions. With the emphatic closing of the bathroom door, Robin turned to Susan, curious. “Your brother may be regretting the decision to take me in.”
To his surprise, she laughed. “No, that’s just Neil. He seems like a porcupine, but he’s a big old sweetie. I know he’s intrigued by all this. Unsettled. You are, too.”
“And you?”
“I’m—” Her head tilted, gaze distant, narrowing. “I’m a little frightened, if you want to know. A fascinated sort of frightened. This is all so—big and impossible.” Her face softened. “And you’re so vulnerable here.”
Robin wanted to reassure her. “Big, perhaps, but apparently not impossible. I’m quite all right, really, despite your brother’s disconcerting way of making a fellow feel at home.”
The jesting note didn’t seem to lessen her concern. “I’ll have a word with him—”
“I beg you do not. He’s been very kind in action and I’m grateful. He needn’t mind his quills around me.”
If Neil was prickly, he was also punctual, joining them in the stated time and dressed, Robin noted, more casually than when they’d first met. His green shirt was buttonless, collarless, with sleeves to the elbows, and he wore it untucked, with trousers of the denim laborers favored. Wanting to be as comfortable, Robin still couldn’t bring himself to leave behind coat and hat. He wished he had when he stepped out of the cool alcove into the warm day.
It might’ve been the most ordinary morning, were it not for the details disjointing the view. He had little chance to look around before Neil had hold of him, maneuvering him toward a motorcar at the curb. A cab, he realized. Climbing in after Susan, he sat uneasily, trying not to pay too much attention to the machine’s ferocious rumbling. He’d seen people hopping blithely in and out of them since his arrival. They were surely safe.
Neil climbed in beside him. “Seatbelts, kids.”
“Seatbelts?” As Susan leaned over and pulled a strap across his lap, Robin fought against new worry. “We’re not leaving the ground, are we?”
Neil snorted. “No, it’ll just feel like it.”
Robin prodded at the buckle and the seatbelt came apart in his grip. He bent to examine its workings, only to have it snatched unceremoniously from his grasp. Neil rebuckled it, then leaned forward and tapped the partition separating them from the driver. “Got any barf bags?”
The cabbie, bone-thin and long-haired, grinned toothily. “I’m a precision driver. Never had a passenger lose it. Not lately, anyway.”
“Maybe if you’d just keep it under forty,” Susan suggested. “Have you been in a car before?” she asked Robin.
“I’m afraid not.”
Neil groaned. “Keep it under thirty.”
The cab lurched from the curb and Robin clamped both hands on the seat front. He wanted to shut his eyes but suspected it would make him dizzier. Street after street hurtled by, until he wished he could curl up on the floor—or better, escape the cab altogether. He was not at all convinced they wouldn’t leave the ground. It wasn’t until they drew up to the Bowery house and Neil extricated him as efficiently, holding on to his arm all the way to the doorstep, that he could breathe comfortably. “Thank you.”
Neil continued to hold on. “You all right?”
“I am.” Robin eased from his grasp. “Perfectly.”
“Yeah? I don’t know if white as a sheet constitutes ‘perfectly.’“ As Susan caught up, Neil turned to her. “I think the train’s a better idea, all around.”
Susan jiggled her pocketbook and made a rueful face. “You may be right.”
“I don’t mind walking,” Robin ventured, and Neil broke into a laugh.
“Back uptown from the Bowery? You don’t mind that walk?”
Susan’s assertion that her brother was soft-hearted seemed, to Robin’s mind, less accurate with each passing hour. “Is there a reason I should?”
Susan took hold of Neil and turned him toward the house. “Matter at hand?”
Neil obligingly glanced up, and then grimaced. “Damn. I thought it looked bad yesterday.”
The house did not show well in the sunlight, Robin had to agree. Though it had surely been a pleasant little place, once upon a time—and still standing strong when he’d first walked its rooms—it now wore the years with weary forbearance. Between stretches of brick worn smooth, broken clay left gaping holes, an invitation for the rats. The house might yet have solid bones, but the ravages of time would shortly uncover them and the place would sag and crumble, if it were not demolished first. Robin wondered why Victor’s kin hadn’t torn it down long ago.
“Isn’t it a shame?” Susan, at his side, gazed up to the pitched roof, where murky dormer glass reflected the blue sky above. “Easy to imagine what a lovely house it would be, if it’d been cared for.”
“I think it may be a little too late,” Robin remarked, following her up the steps.
“It’s never—” Susan pushed at the door, then leaned against it. “Never too late—” She pushed again, leaning into it. “It’s stuck.”
Doing a poor job of suppressing a smile, Neil put his shoulder to the task and the door started to give. “Must be the warm weather and rain.” He shoved again and the door yielded, sunlight pouring into the musty interior.
Robin ran a hand along the door’s edge. “You might want to plane it just a little. If the house is still standing by winter.”
“It will be.” Susan stepped inside. “Though I wouldn’t expect Joe McGowan to jump at the chance to renovate. I don’t think we need a flashlight,” she added, as Neil produced one and switched it on.
Neil shrugged. “I really brought it in case the rats decide to gang up on us.”
They were midway up when the stairs shifted underfoot. Susan dropped back a step and clutched the banister. “The stairs need a little work.”
Robin had to smile. “You’re quite the optimist.”
“I think the word you want is ‘nutcase,’“ Neil said as he sidled past.
Susan merely looked reproving. “This is no ordinary building, I’ll remind you.”
“The only worth this place has is historical.” Neil paused in his slow creep up the stairs and swung the flashlight in her direction. “There’s no value in possessing the means to destroy civilization. Even if we went back in time intending to do good, we could cause untold disaster.”
“So we’ll just consider ourselves fortunate that decent people are the only ones who know about it.”
Neil grinned, ostensibly at her tone. “You including me in that?”
“I think you come in just under the wire.”
“Maybe we’re not the only ones who know,” Neil said as they reached the landing. “Victor might have figured it out after Robin went missing.”
“He may know it works.” Robin went ahead into the room. “I very much doubt he knows how.”
Neil joined him at the window. “Oh, hell...”
At the curb, two motorcars had squeezed into limited space, the dominant one a lustrous black machine with windows as dark. A tall, lean—almost lanky—figure of a man stepped out, lingering at the curb to button the coat of his gray suit. He straightened his tie, then ran a hand through wavy brown hair as the breeze ruffled it. Robin caught a glimpse of a hawkish nose and well-defined jaw as the man—Joseph McGowan, he assumed—cast a smiling glance up at the house. Out from the vehicle with numbers and letters emblazoned on its side came several men, one shouldering a gleaming metallic box with the sort of lens that put Robin in mind of a photographer’s stock in trade.
“Looks like someone’s not waiting for the designation hearing,” Neil commented.
“That son of a...” Susan’s turn toward the door brought her up against Neil, who stopped her before she could slip past.
“I know you want to wring McGowan’s neck, but you’d better wait. The media might be tempted to document it.”
“Neil—”
“I’m serious. You can’t afford to get into it with him. He can’t afford it,” Neil added, with a nod at Robin.
“McGowan knows why I’m here. I’m going to find out why he’s here.” Susan pushed past, only to hesitate at the door. “You’re assisting in the inspection, the two of you. Come down, but let me do the talking.”
“Susan—”
She was already on the stairs. Robin sent Neil an apprehensive glance. “What will we do?”
“Pray for rain?”
The sky was an unrepentant blue as Robin stepped onto the sidewalk and into the swarm of activity around Joe McGowan. He was younger than Robin expected—thirty at most—but he seemed thoroughly at ease with all the attention. And attention he did get, even from mere passers-by. Everyone seemed to recognize him. Robin was certain Susan would be hard-pressed to get a word in, but she had pushed past the men with the camera and all the others crowding in.
McGowan smiled at her as though they were on the best of terms. “There’s timing. I thought Amos had given up on this one.”
Susan’s answering smile was reproving. “I think you know better.”
“I know you better.” McGowan turned to take in Neil and Robin. “Not the most impressive entourage, sweetheart. If you want to send them home before the cameras roll—”
“They stay. And so will the house, I promise you...” A shadow crossed her face as McGowan drew a slim sheaf of papers from under his coat. “What did you do?”
His smile broadened in what seemed an unconvincing attempt to appear magnanimous. “No more than you expected, I’m sure.” He turned to the man brandishing the camera. “Miss Lennox has been seeking to have this house designated, and she and I have subsequently sparred over whether the place is worth the trouble. I’m not a man to stand in the way of our city’s preservationists—especially one so charming—but I think it’s clear to most reasonable minds that there’s little left here to preserve and this land can be put to much better use. And—” He unfolded the paper and presented it, more to the camera than anyone standing nearby. “The Buildings Department appears to agree.”
Robin’s dread returned tenfold, a sinking weight worsened by overriding helplessness. The house would be torn down. He’d never get home.
Neil was frowning, but Susan clearly didn’t believe the battle was lost. She yanked the paper from McGowan’s grasp and gave it a cursory read while McGowan chattered cheerfully on. “With the city’s gracious permission, I intend to turn this eyesore into a productive piece of property. A modern work of art, if you will. We’ll unveil our plans tomorrow morning at our downtown office, demolition to commence immediately afterward.”
Susan handed back the document. “Trust you to subvert the process.”
McGowan’s smile thinned. “If we waited on some of the processes in this city, we’d be left with street after street of decay while developers turn their attention to cities that know the difference between preservable history and a building whose time has passed.”
Susan seemed oblivious to the camera thrust nearly in her face. “I’ll remind you the process exists to protect New York’s heritage. That doesn’t matter to you?”
The last of Joe McGowan’s smile disappeared, the cheerful light in his eyes gone with it. “Generations of McGowans have done their part to keep New York growing and vital. I’m sure you intend to pursue designation until the last rat has abandoned this pile of plaster...” His attention flickered to Robin, brow furrowing further. “We’ve met. Haven’t we?”
“I don’t believe so—”
“You’re employed with Kerr & Bratcher?”
“I’m—”
“Roy Hinkley.” Neil dropped an arm across Robin’s shoulders. “He’s a friend.” The all-too-familiar acerbic grin returned. “I’d be happy to define that for you, if you’re confused.”
McGowan smiled faintly. “Thanks. I’ve got the gist of it.” He turned to a more approving arena, but Robin had no chance to hear the rest of the speech; Neil and Susan, on a swift retreat up the sidewalk, seized him as if he were a treasure to be hidden from sight. When they had ducked around the corner, Susan was the first to speak. 
“Roy Hinkley?”
Neil seemed to be fighting down a laugh. “We don’t know what kind of stories Victor bequeathed to his kids. Maybe McGowan can’t place where he’s seen Robin, but a name could jog his memory.”
“You imagine Victor left some kind of instruction to look out for me?” Robin didn’t like the thought. “Perhaps even warned his kin to hold on to the house?”  
Susan began to dig through her bag. “I’ve got to find Amos and delay the demolition. Neil, you’re going to have to play host for a while.”
“Suggesting I’ve been doing what till now?”
Her smile had an impish tilt. “Just stay out of trouble for a couple of hours. Can you do that?”
“Can I do that.” Neil snorted. “I’ve been staying out of trouble since before you were born. Don’t worry. We’ll go out to—”
“The beach?” Susan shook her head. “Bikinis. Bad idea.”
Neil’s glance at Robin suggested he agreed. “We’ll find something to do,” he said as Susan walked ahead to flag down a cab. “Call when you’re done and we’ll meet you back at my place.”
“No roller coasters, all right?”
“No coasters.”
Susan got in the cab and rolled down the window. “No museums. No bars. And stay off the tram.”
Neil tapped the driver’s window and made hurry-up motions. As Susan ducked back in and the cab pulled away, Robin turned to Neil. “She wasn’t talking about streetcars?” He hadn’t seen a single one.
“No more streetcars,” Neil said. “She meant the air tram to the island.”
A trolley flying through the air... “Is that quite safe?”
“Sure. Want to ride it?”
“Do I? That grin is as clear a beacon of danger as I’ve ever seen.”
Neil appeared to consider that a compliment. He flung a companionable arm over Robin’s shoulders. “The tram it is.”
Chapter Four
Neil had to admit he was enjoying himself. With Robin squeezing around the other tourists to soak in every view and all but climbing the seats for a glimpse of the machinery that kept them aloft, the tame entertainment of the tram had gained a new aura of amusement. Neil let him poke around until Robin began prodding at a window frame. “I think they prefer the windows closed.” He shot a glance at the conductor, who had a wary eye on Robin. “Keeps people from throwing things in the river. Including themselves.”
Robin glanced at him as if to judge whether he was serious. “A shame it can’t be opened. We’re at an excellent height for taking the air.” He explored the small space behind the seatback. “I rode in a balloon once. Quite an experience.”
“That so?” Neil leaned back against the glass and closed his eyes. “We’ve really got to make time for the airport.”
“Are balloons a regular mode of transit, then?” Robin rapped his knuckles against the seat. “This isn’t wood.”
Neil opened his eyes to glance at the seat. “It’s plastic.”
“Is it? What do you call it?”
It took him a moment to sort out the miscommunication. “Plastic.”
“Ah. And what is it made of?”
Neil groped for forgotten scraps of high school science. “Well...”
“You don’t know?”
“Sure I know. It’s made of synthetic something-or-other. Polymers,” he said, hoping he remembered rightly. “And—well, I probably shouldn’t tell you more than that.”
The trace of a smile on his lips, Robin turned to the window as the tram made its descent. “So many changes. I wish I had more time to see the sights.”
“I wouldn’t wish for that. You might find yourself staying permanently. Don’t you think your family’s worried?”
Robin’s nod seemed more hasty agreement than genuine concern. “Of course I’ve got to go while the house still stands. It just seems such a loss. Imagine what might be done. The disease you’ve surely cured—”
“Imagine the disease we might inadvertently take back to the past,” Neil said with a shake of his head. “It’s too dangerous to mess with.”
Robin was studying him now, rather than the view. “If you believe that, why show me around the city? Why not quarantine me?”
“We probably should have. You don’t need to catch a new strain of flu. Your rampant curiosity’s dangerous enough.”
“Don’t tell me you wouldn’t be as curious, a hundred years from now.”
As Neil debated the believability of an outright lie, the tram eased down into the station, sparing him having to reply at all. The return trip was quieter, marred by one innocent question. A question Neil understood; he’d been as fascinated by building heights, once upon a time.
“The tallest...” That deserved more of an explanation than he could give at the moment. Maybe more than he should give. He dredged up a bland smile. “Remind me to tell you later.”
A stroll around downtown led to lunch at a hot dog stand. Neil had procured dogs, sodas, and a shady bench when his phone chimed. Leaving Robin to dine, he took the call. “Good news?”
Susan exhaled in heartfelt disgust. “The chance of rain tomorrow has increased slightly.”
“No stay of execution, huh?”
“Well, Amos is cranky because I interrupted his attempt to catch every trout in Lake Champlain. I can’t reach anyone else. I just got the run-around from my contact at the commission. She thinks the house is a poor candidate for rescue. Some nonsense about the bad condition the brickwork’s in. And the stairs—”
“And the walls, floors, ceiling—”
“Not helping, Neil.”
“Sorry. How about an early dinner?”
“Let me make a few more calls. I don’t know if we can get a stop-work order in time, but we’re going to try.”
Though he’d expected as much, worry took on a knife-edged clarity as he shut off the phone and started back to where Robin sat, hot dog half-eaten, attention taken up with the mysteries of the pop-top. Under his dextrous grasp, the pull tab gave way and a dark plume of soda arched three feet in the air. Startled, he dropped the can and it rolled along the pavement, spewing in every direction.
As Neil chased down the can, apologizing to passers-by along the way, he came to the inescapable conclusion he and Susan had just become parents. Returning to the bench, he fixed a damp, repentant Robin with an expression that felt too much like his own dad’s. “No more unsupervised experiments, all right? And if I’m treating you like an infant, well, you’ve got a hell of a world to get used to—” He broke off. The concern he’d meant to hide was coming through loud and clear.
“Susan can’t save the house.” The quiet in Robin’s voice gave away his own uneasiness.
Neil refused to let that dark cloud linger. “Don’t count her out. Susan’s tenacity is the stuff of legends. When she shows up at Landmark Commission meetings, board members weep. And then they order out for pizza because they know they’re in for a long haul.” He put on a grin. “She’ll save it, if anyone can.”
A cumbersome if, one that didn’t seem to persuade Robin. Neil decided a tour around Columbia would be a suitable time-waster. Once Robin had adjusted to the idea that the campus was no longer on 49th Street, he roamed eagerly from building to building, full of more questions than Neil could answer. But it worked well as a distraction when one hour and then another passed with no call from Susan. Stopping for a breather in the cool interior of the library, Neil called her, to find no greater progress made. He heard the tired note under her still-burning determination and he decided not to suggest dinner, but expect it.
“Katz’s. Five-thirty—”
“Carnegie’s. Six o’clock.”
“Yeah, you just want cheesecake.”
“Well, of course.” She was quiet a moment. “This isn’t looking good.”
“It’s a holiday week. People are off on vacation, hard to reach—”
“It’s more than that. I think Joe McGowan’s applied pressure in all the right places to advance his cause. As usual,” she added glumly. “We won’t be able to stop him, short of buying the house from him.”
“I’d loan you a few mil, but I left that bank account in my fantasy life. You know, the one where I’m a rich broker with a mansion and a yacht.”
Susan’s soft laugh ended in a sigh. “What the hell are we going to do?”
Neil glanced around to check that Robin was still browsing the stacks. “Forget that. How the hell are we going to tell him? I wouldn’t blame him if he panicked and decided to tell McGowan the truth.”
“You don’t think we should tell McGowan the truth?” She sounded horrified—and heartsick with sympathy.
“I’m pretty sure Robin isn’t ready to be a media star. And I’m definitely sure I don’t want to wake up on Tuesday to find myself living in McGowansville, New York.”
“As if it doesn’t already feel that way, sometimes.”
“He’s not tyrant king of the world yet. Let’s make sure—” Neil paused as he heard her pull back from her phone. “Sukie?”
“I’ve got another call...” She drew an audible breath. “McGowan.”
“Fantastic. Be sure to say hi from me. And while you’re cussing out the son of a bitch, grab a cab. Carnegie’s. We’ll be there in a little bit.”
He hung up reluctantly. He could not recall off-hand how many times in the last few years he’d wished his dad was still around, if only to ramble on in his reassuringly confident, aggravatingly didactic way. Some fatherly advice might be useful, because Neil had no idea how to tell Robin he was stuck; at least, not without Susan present to spread a little optimism and a few of her comforting pats on the back.
The news could wait another half hour...
Huddled at a table with books at his elbow and two spread open before him, Robin feasted, world forgotten. It seemed cruel to wake him to the passage of time, even when it wasn’t whipping past at breakneck speed.
Neil put on a cheerful grin. “I’m about to make your trip back to the past much less enticing. We’re on our way to a beautiful pastrami on rye, cold beer, and the most magnificent dessert of the twenty-first century.”
Robin raised a dubious eyebrow. “Is that served in a can as well?”
Closing the books, Neil set them aside and pulled Robin’s chair from the table, Robin with it. “No more cans for you, Dillinger. Susan’s going to meet us at the restaurant. We’re taking the train back.” They’d blown enough cash for one day. And Robin might have to learn the ropes, anyway.
At Carnegie’s, they found Susan pacing the sidewalk. Something was up. Something to do with McGowan’s phone call. Once they were seated in the noisy midst of the crowded restaurant, Neil employed the menu as a sound shield and leaned across the table toward a too-quiet Susan. “What’d he say?”
Robin, beside him, leaned in. “Who? Mr. McGowan?”
Susan raised her hands in a pensive plea for calm. “He knows.”
Though he’d sensed it was coming, Neil didn’t want to believe it. “You’ve got to be kidding. How?”
“Well, it seems great-great-grandfather Victor left his descendants two things. A boatload of money and a fanciful story with a photograph included.” Susan turned her cell phone toward them. The black-and-white photograph, an email attachment, was of Robin seated on a parlor chair with a studio backdrop, no trace of a smile on his lips but a certain familiar sparkle in his eyes.
Neil stared at it a long minute before stealing a glance at Robin. “Okay, so there’s a strong resemblance. That doesn’t prove—”
“Victor’s will provided the details of Robin’s disappearance. Joe apparently checked up on that for the first time this morning.”
“Still...” Neil sat back and blew out a breath. “What did he say? What does he want from us?”
Robin’s sudden laugh was sharp-edged, triumphant. “He wants to know how it works. Victor never discovered the secret.”
“Good for history,” Neil said. “Not so good for us. He’s got the house locked up, right? Until we tell him how to go back in time and take New York over, starting from scratch?”
Susan shut off the phone. “He wants to meet. Tomorrow afternoon, at the house. Our best plan is to stall him until the next storm—”
“Stall him how?” Neil peeked over the edge of the menu to be sure no one was eavesdropping. “Tell him it works only every other Thursday? He may be rich, but he’s not an idiot. If we don’t tell him, he’ll just have the house inspected and figure it out on his own.”
“Wait a moment,” Robin said. “If we lead him to believe the dynamos effected my journey here, he may repair them. Both commutators are likely damaged, the insulation ruined—”
“So that will give us some time till the next storm.” Neil turned to Susan. “You think Joe is dumb enough to buy that?”
Susan looked rueful. “I think we’ll have to give it a try. I don’t know how else to stall him.”
When they’d finished dinner, they fell into a fast walk to the train station. Unwilling to resume the discussion in the crowded car, Neil tried to push the whole matter out of his head. He was beat after the trek around town and had to resist the urge to lean against the pole, though at the moment Robin was the only one sharing it. Neil slid him a surreptitious glance, to see him taking in the standard mix of subway passenger, bemused and clearly fascinated. “Getting used to us yet?”
“Used to you?” Robin smiled faintly. “I don’t think I will ever get used to you.”
At the emphasis that hinted of a singular application, Neil eased into the grin he thought would be the most provoking. “I didn’t know I presented that much of a challenge.”
“You will forgive me for saying so, Mr. Lennox, but I believe you know very well.”
The matter-of-fact retort took Neil by surprise. “This world’s a little more complicated than the world you’re familiar with.”
“It surely doesn’t preclude civility. Your sister is the soul of kindness.”
“Not ordinarily...” Neil glanced at Susan, who was scrolling through text messages and safely out of earshot. “She’s just doing it to show me up.”
“Quite the exemplary job of it, I’d say.”
“She’s had twenty-four years of practice. Anyway, I would think, as a scientist, you’d prefer an authentic experience.”
“As a stranger here, I can’t deny or refute your authenticity—but, by all means, do continue to be yourself. I will adapt accordingly.”
“Fine.” Neil paused, trying to figure out how Robin had upended the conversation so neatly. “All right. Just remember who tour-guided you all around Columbia in the heat of summer.”
Unexpected amusement shone in Robin’s eyes. “I’ll take that into account...” His gaze drifted past Neil’s shoulder, studying the complicated world with a too-direct curiosity sure to get him killed quicker than any cat. Neil refrained from commenting, but glanced around, to see nothing out of the ordinary—apart from the two guys taking advantage of their concealed position in a packed-tight corner to lock lips.
That, of course, was probably more than a little out of the ordinary, from Robin’s point of view. Anticipating revulsion or at least disapproval, Neil was startled to see neither. Robin looked merely disbelieving, until a damp gleam in his eyes gave away something more. He caught Neil’s glance, clearly without meaning to, and swiftly looked elsewhere. Definitely not time for a conversation about it, then. Neil gave him a nudge and leaned in. “Don’t show weakness on the train. They’ll eat you alive.”
Robin brushed his coat sleeve over his face. “They?”
“The rest of New York.”
“Does that include you?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll take that into account, as well.”
Neil flashed a wolfish grin and it got him the desired smile; a shaky one, but good enough. Back at the apartment, he drew Susan aside. “Stay here tonight, all right?”
“Why? Joe isn’t going to—”
“I don’t trust him. Let’s just stick together until Robin is on his way back—somewhere—and we know Joe isn’t going anywhere. You can take my bed and tomorrow we’ll drop by your place on the way to the house. You still have that old pistol Dad gave you?”
“What?” She broke into a grin. “Neil, come on—”
“Come on nothing. You do realize the value of that building?”
The grin faded, a glimmer of annoyance taking its place. “I’ve always realized the value of that building—”
“You know what I mean, Sukie. We can safely conclude the value has skyrocketed beyond that of all other buildings in the world, don’t you think? Well into the range where people might do some ugly things to gain possession of it. What if Joe buys our story and decides to fix the generators but keeps the place under lock and guard until it’s done? What if it doesn’t storm? Or what if it does but the lightning never hits just right? What if that horde of reporters nose around and figure out what’s going on?”
“Okay, okay.” Susan blew out a breath. “Look, we can’t go in tomorrow and let Joe push us around. We still have the upper hand as long as he doesn’t know how the place works. We have to make him believe Robin knows all the original configurations and he’ll need to be present for the repairs. That way we’ll have access to the house when the next storm comes.” She shook her head, her mouth a grim line. “We’ll also need to find the slowest repairmen in the city.”
“There’s one less worry.”
“Just one.” Susan began to rummage through the shelved baskets Neil used as a dresser. “Where are your clean sheets?”
“In the hamper. You know I do laundry on weekends. And this weekend blew past like—” He grinned. “Well, let’s just say I don’t know where the time went.”
He didn’t expect to get much sleep and as the hours crawled past, he knew he wasn’t the only wakeful soul in the place. He could hear Susan foraging for cookies and milk, and probably settling for cookies and soda. Robin, in the bed opposite, tossed and turned—rising at least once to peer out the window. Neil watched him a while, debating whether to prescribe whisky and another round of late-night television. But Robin didn’t linger long, apparently weary enough to drop off, despite his concerns.
Neil dozed off around two, to be startled awake by the clatter of kitchen implements—a forgivable racket since it accompanied the welcome smell of toast and coffee. In the kitchen, Robin was letting Susan ramble on while she added to an already tottering tower of toast. Her shower-damp hair hung in a loose braid and she’d scrounged up an old pair of jeans to spare Robin any further trauma. Despite the early hour, the scruffy clothes, and lack of make-up, she wasn’t too hideous; and Robin appeared to share that opinion, judging by the way he watched her, smiling, and plowed dutifully through the toast.
Hoping to make it to the bathroom without being seen, Neil slithered out of the bedroom, but Susan cornered him at the door. “Wear a suit.”
“What?”
“And a tie. All right? We want to be intimidating.”
“Well, you’re a pretty frightening sight in those jeans—”
“Neil, I swear to God. Do you have the first idea how many cookies I ate last night?”
“I don’t think you have the first idea how many cookies you ate last night.” Aware that she was suppressing a string of swear words only because Robin was within earshot, Neil grinned. “Don’t explode yet. Save it for McGowan.”
“Oh, I’ve got plenty in reserve. Don’t forget the dark socks,” she called after him as he escaped into the bath. When he emerged from the shower to hunt for clean clothes, he found Robin back at the bedroom window, scanning a summer blue sky with worried eyes.
Neil shook his head. “It’s not even noon.”
“I don’t believe it’s going to rain at all today.”
“A natural-born cynic. Sure you don’t want to stay? You’d fit right in.”
“I might believe that if your sister wasn’t—once again—evidence to the contrary.”
Digging through the back of the closet for a suit, Neil paused, struck by the observation. Susan was optimistic, certainly in comparison. Men liked that about her and Neil supposed Robin’s interest was inevitable; but for once, it would be nice if time travelers found him the admirable one. “She has her faults, you know.” He leaned past the closet door and Robin turned from the window to meet his gaze. “Plenty of faults.”
“Has she?” Robin seemed confused by the direction the conversation was taking. Neil backtracked.
“Well, a few, anyway.” He held up a blue pinstriped dress shirt and a navy sport coat. “Does this look intimidating?”
Robin’s brows knit. “Taking into account the vagaries of fashion I’ve seen on your streets—well, I’m at a loss to guide you, without a reference point. Have you anything like this?” He smoothed down the front of his borrowed suit coat. “It would be rather becoming.”
“You think so?”
With Robin’s assistance, he unearthed a brown suit sporting five-month-old dry cleaning tags. Brushing off the layer of dust, he dressed, then grabbed coffee and toast to devour on the way downstairs. The ride to Susan’s was brightened by clouds gathering above the city. It cheered Robin and seemed to ease some of the tension from Susan’s ramrod straight posture. But Neil couldn’t help a niggling worry that the hoped-for storm might come too soon. They could hardly sneak Robin back to 1888 under McGowan’s watchful eye. 
While Susan dressed, Neil took Robin to a cafe across the street, there supplementing toast and coffee with pastries and more coffee. After too many doughnuts and a failed effort to keep Robin from unscrewing the curly bulb in the table lamp, Neil peered through the plate glass to check the weather and spotted Susan crossing the street. She’d come up with her own sartorial intimidation in the form of a smart black skirt, white blouse, and two-inch heels that brought her to a towering five foot five. Robin had noticed her, too, and watched her approach with something like amazement. “Is she always so—”
“Exhausting?” Neil reached across the table, plucked the light bulb out of Robin’s grasp and, ignoring his protest, started to screw it back in. “Yes, she is.”
“Confident was the word I had in mind,” Robin said dryly.
“Oh, she’s that, too. In most cases.”
The qualification appeared to spark more curiosity, which Neil as deliberately ignored. Susan came in and he offered her the last donut. She gave him a pained look. “I could barely squeeze into this skirt. Why do you have to keep cookies in your apartment?” She turned to Robin. “I want to ask your forgiveness in advance. Ordinarily, I try to avoid following Neil’s lead—”
“Hey—”
“Scoot over.” Susan gave Neil a push and sat beside him. “This meeting calls for rules we must agree upon so we stay in control of things. You should let me do all the talking. Even if Joe addresses you, let me interrupt, so everything we say is consistent and he can’t catch us in a lie. I’m going to tell him you designed the generators,” she said, giving Robin an encouraging pat. “And that only you can repair them. You’ll need daily access to the house. With any luck, a storm will get you home—or close to home—before Joe starts to wonder. Neil and I will, of course, feign ignorance when you disappear. Joe will probably spend time and money trying to figure it out—”
“Victor did,” Robin said. “I suspect someone in his family disappeared and he was convinced it had something to do with the house.”
“Any number of people could have vanished,” Susan said, horror clouding her face. “All the years that house has stood...”
“It’s lucky Victor’s kept it locked up.” Neil wanted to reassure her. And himself. “I didn’t see a sign that anyone’s taken refuge in there. Did you?”
Susan shook her head. “Not recently, anyway. Still, can you imagine? Arriving somewhere so completely foreign, with no money, no place to stay, and not a soul to rescue you?”
“Plenty of places to go for help,” Neil said with a shrug. “Look, since we’re laying down some rules for this meeting, I want to...” Pinned by two dubious glances, he hesitated. All right, maybe he didn’t want to. “I’m taking the last donut, then.”
Susan confiscated it before he could, but broke it in half, handing him the larger piece. “Let’s go.”
Joe had beaten them to the Bowery—and with more than just a flashlight and sense of adventure. The glum little shadow of house was lit up with fluorescence strong enough to make pronounced headway through the filthy windows. It was just the invasive tactic Neil expected. He knew Susan was thinking the same thing as she climbed from the cab. “Could he draw any more attention?”
“At least he left the platoon of reporters behind. Maybe he’s smarter than we thought.” The low but threatening growl of thunder drew his glance skyward. The clouds had gained a grayer edge. “‘Tut, tut, it looks like rain.’“
Susan visibly shivered. “I’m not sure whether this is good timing or terribly, terribly bad.”
Neil found refuge in a grimly cheerful grin, directing it at Robin. “Ready to go home?”
Robin wearily matched the grin, though regret shone behind it. “Can you keep Mr. McGowan where he belongs?”
“We’ll send him back with you.” Neil steered Robin toward the door. “Victor sounds like the sort of guy who’d straighten old Joe out quick.”
Robin’s laugh was as black-humored. “Indeed.”
The tripod lamps Joe had placed in the front hall pushed light into corners that hadn’t been illuminated in ages, glancing off cracked glass, baked wallpaper, and islands of fallen plaster. Cobwebs hung at the parlor entrance, a ghostly portiere. The painful details of the house’s decline brought a sigh from Susan—almost an admission, Neil thought, that some relics were better dismantled. But his own conviction on the matter turned contrary when a smug Joe McGowan stepped into the light.
“If I’d known the place was in this sorry a shape, I’d have suggested meeting at my office.” He was smiling as he turned to Susan. “Interesting situation we have here. It took me a while to remember where I’d seen Professor Winfield’s face before, probably because I’d only seen it in black-and-white. Or sepia, if you will.”
He held out a cabinet card, the faded photograph he’d emailed. Neil raised a glance to the real thing and knew there was no chance of pretending the man in the photo was merely an ancestor of remarkable resemblance. The sharp angle of the jaw, the sardonic twist of Robin’s mouth, the hair just as blond, if in less wavy disarray. He’d even been captured in his habit of plucking absently at his waistcoat buttons.
“Nice of Victor to provide a visual aid,” Neil said as Susan handed back the photo. “Guess this means there’s at least one house in Manhattan you won’t be turning into condos any time soon.”
Susan shot him a curious glance and he shrugged. Maybe he wasn’t as ferociously protective of the past, but there seemed little point to a veneer of good manners when playing in the shark pool. 
“We’ll see.” Joe sounded more than a little skeptical. “So... How does it work?”
The question, directed at Robin, caught Neil off-guard. “Hang on a minute. We’re not just handing over that information without something in return.”
“Before you try to dictate terms, I suggest you remember who has legal possession of the house.” Joe’s gaze shot back to Robin. “I assume you want to go back home. Whether you can depends on me.”
“Whether you can go anywhere depends on us,” Neil reminded him.
“Not necessarily.” Joe produced a flashlight from his coat pocket and picked up the camping lantern at his feet. “Let’s have a look around, shall we?”
Chapter Five
As soon as Joe was headed down the hall toward the kitchen, Neil hit the stairs, pulling Robin along behind. Susan wanted to warn them to be careful, but the same urgency had hold of her. Once Robin was on his way home, the only danger lay in Joe stumbling across the secret on his own.
But... “What if you don’t make it all the way home?” Susan shivered at the thought. “What will you do?”
As they reached the landing, Robin turned to her. “With any luck, I’ll meet someone who’ll shelter me as kindly as you have. When I’m gone, look for a message—”
“Where?” She didn’t like this, saying good-bye so abruptly.
“On the wallpaper,” Robin suggested. “Beside the window, so you’ve enough light to read it.”
“Seriously?” Neil said. “The ink will fade.”
“Under the window, perhaps.”
“That’s where the paper’s peeling the worst.”
Robin made an exasperated sound. “Farther out, then.”
“How much farther?”
“Does it matter?”
“You want us to find it, don’t you?”
Susan smiled, despite the ache in her throat. “Now that you’ve said your good-byes...” She drew close and kissed Robin’s cheek. “Be careful. This world’s vast enough, without a hundred years to get lost in.”
“And you’d better use a long-lasting ink,” Neil said, apparently determined to counteract any maudlin farewells. “No matter what, it’s going to fade.”
“Which is more than can be said of my memory of you.” Robin offered a hand and Neil good-humoredly gave it a shake. Once Robin had stepped out of sight, Susan wanted to rush to the back room to see him one last time before he vanished. Neil took a step in that direction just as lightning flashed in the doorway. Susan caught his hand. Joe was at the landing.
“Where’s Winfield?” Joe was a little breathless, his suit dusted with plaster and cobwebs. “I want a word with him.”
Susan looked at Neil, who looked back with an innocence a five-year-old boy would be hard-pressed to emulate. She didn’t think she could match it, but she did her damnedest. “Robin wasn’t feeling well...”
“That’s right,” Neil said. “You know, he’s probably outside, getting a little fresh air. I heard a door downstairs. Didn’t you?” he asked Susan.
“A little fresh air,” Joe said. “In the middle of a storm.”
Neil’s bright grin didn’t slip an inch. “Scientists. Who can figure them out. Right?”
Joe pushed past him and Susan swung around to follow, wild with hope that the lightning now persistently brightening the hall had spirited Robin safely away. The sight of the generators brought Joe up short, but only for a moment. “Professor Winfield.”
Robin was still with them, a misplaced soul waiting in the emptiness, and Susan realized Joe might at any instant learn the whole truth. Robin’s pale face reflected the same alarm and he abandoned the front room. Joe turned on him immediately. “You know how it works.”
Robin twisted away from the hand on his arm. “Do you want to be trapped so far from home and everything familiar? Count yourself fortunate that you don’t know.”
Joe hissed in frustration. “Does it have something to do with this equipment?” He probed the rusted niches of the generators with his flashlight. “These can’t possibly be in working order.” He raised the light, aiming it at Robin. “But they were in your time, right?”
Susan made an effort to hide her own frustration. The longer Joe rambled on, the less likely Robin would have a chance to get away. “What matters is that they aren’t working now. You’ll have to let Robin repair them if you want to go time traveling.”
Joe’s attention had slipped past her. “What the...” He started for the pocket doors and Neil stepped in front of him.
“It’s just an antique window screen—”
“Then you won’t mind if I take a closer look.” Joe sidestepped, walking into the room just as lightning flooded it. Thunder crashed and Susan’s heart competed to be heard. But Joe was still in the room—for the moment.
Susan slipped closer to Neil. “We have to get him out.”
Even in the poor light, she could see his wry look. “Still got your pepper spray?”
“We can’t—”
“Better to have him lost in the past?”
Decidedly not. Susan dug in her bag, closing fingers around a cool metal cylinder. Perfume, not pepper spray. But she couldn’t do it. “Look—” She turned to Joe. “Just give Robin a couple of weeks to repair the generators. You’ve waited longer than that for plans to come to fruition.”
“I don’t need to wait. I’ll have them repaired in a day or two.” Joe brushed the plaster dust from his hands and began to fish around in his coat pockets, ostensibly for a handkerchief. “In fact, I don’t think I’ll need your help at all. I can figure this out or have someone figure it out for me. I want the three of you off my property...” He pulled something from his pocket and his mouth curled, his gaze rising to meet Susan’s. “Speaking of property, I’m guessing this belongs to you, Miss Lennox.”
Her copper key dangled from Joe McGowan’s fingers by its red ribbon. She must’ve dropped it when she’d been digging through her purse the day before. “You found it downstairs?”
“On the house steps.” Joe smoothed the ribbon, wrapping it around his fingers in imitation of her own habit. Of course he’d seen her do it and it amused him to mock her with it.
Susan took a step toward him, holding out her hand. “You know perfectly well it’s mine. My father gave it to me—”
“Oh, yes. The inimitable Stephen Lennox. The man who made a federal case out of every demolition in New York for years. I can still remember my father wishing him at the bottom of the sea.” Joe snorted softly. “Of course you want this little keepsake.” He swung the key back and forth, his smile quiet, expectant. “We all want something.”
“Weren’t you going to figure this out on your own?” Neil was as quiet, but it didn’t mask his anger. “What do you want from us?”
Joe shrugged. “I’ll do it on my own if I have to. But if you think you’ll get back into the house...” He turned a curious gaze on Robin. “Hell, what do I know? Maybe you’re okay with the idea of spending the rest of your life here.”
Robin’s lips tightened, the gleam in his eyes as defiant, but he couldn’t seem to respond. Neil, on the other hand... Susan’s uneasiness grew. Neil had never hit anyone in his life. She didn’t want him to start now.
But Neil only reached out and wrapped his fingers around Robin’s wrist. “Don’t listen to the son of a bitch. We’re done here. We’re going.”
“I’ll post twenty-four hour security...” Joe broke off as Susan reached for her key. He withdrew it, catching her wrist with his free hand. She thrust the perfume bottle in his face, letting loose a cloud of fragrant alcohol just as lightning burst over them and crashed into every corner. The room was bright, as bright as it must have been on a sleepy summer day, a long century ago.
So long ago.
“Neil!” Her voice was lost in the thunder... No, not thunder. Something else. Something that wasn’t supposed to be where it was. Sort of like her.
She was afraid to move. Afraid she’d become as real as her surroundings. “Neil?”
Seconds ago, she’d seen his alarm laid bare with wrenching clarity. He’d been in the doorway, just there... Not now, of course. Some other time. He was probably already trying to find her. Because even if it got him hopelessly lost, he’d try. It was an unspoken promise and she clung to it as she faced the window and willed her feet four short steps to the copper screen.
There she saw the thunder’s source, big as life, spewing soot as it rumbled past. The Third Avenue El. The train that had been torn down in... Oh, God. The fifties. “Please, no farther back. Please—”
Joe groaned, startling her. He was sitting, eyes shut, grimacing as he rubbed a sleeve over his face. He didn’t yet know and she didn’t feel any particular pleasure in the prospect of telling him. As the train’s racket faded, she took in the view, registering the low buildings, and years seemed to slide out of her grasp. The nineteenth century loomed, swallowing the twentieth, dragging her toward a black-and-white world.
No, not black-and-white. Sepia.
“Oh, God.” She couldn’t remember when the El had gone up along the Bowery. What else would...
Clothes. That would tell her where—when—she was. She pressed clammy hands against the cool copper and dropped her gaze to the street. Black-and-white gave way to every color in the world, lively, blooming, vibrant. Muddy. A woman, her filthy skirts hitched in a fist, crossed the road in front of a wagon, then turned to shout something—apparently disparaging—at the driver, who laughed.
Fear ebbed just enough to let Susan breathe. The outward trappings were different, yes. The hearts and minds underneath—maybe not as much. If she remembered that, she could manage. The skies wouldn’t stay blue forever.
She wanted Neil. True, he might’ve been just as frightened, but he would’ve reassured her, made her laugh, despite their predicament. She didn’t suppose he was laughing now; probably more like frantic, but trying to hide it from Robin. They wouldn’t know where to begin to look for her, as determined as they’d be to try.
Unless she told them.
Behind her, Joe struggled to his feet. Susan found her carry-all and burrowed her way past the sediment of gum wrappers and shop receipts to the layer of pens at the bottom. One of them had to work. Chancing on a green marker, she unearthed it—then hesitated, reluctant to mar the wallpaper, even though it would be beyond saving in a hundred years.
“Miss Lennox...”
Neil’s conversation with Robin still in her thoughts, Susan aimed for a spot close to the window, but not too close. She’d barely begun when Joe’s hand fell on her shoulder, making her jump. He forced her around and pushed her against the screen, to bore into her with bloodshot eyes. “What the hell was that for? I’ve got half a mind to have you arrested again—”
“You grabbed me. Not exactly gentlemanly behavior in the eyes of this New York.”
“This...” His brows drew together and his wary gaze slid to the window screen. She might’ve laughed at the abrupt change in his face, if she hadn’t gone through a similar transformation moments ago. He let her go and laid a hand on the screen as if he intended to tear it away. Instead his hand went lax, dropping to his side as he stared into the street. “How—” His gaze shifted back to her as she eased out of reach. “What did you do? Or was it Winfield?”
She couldn’t tell him, not until she had no other choice. “You’ll have to ask Robin. They’ll be coming after us.” Unless Neil couldn’t prevent the house’s demolition. The thought troubled her, but she had more immediate worries. With or without Neil, finding the way home might take a while. A long while. “We’ve got to get by until—rescue comes. We’ll have to find work if we’re going to eat. And we’ll need some basic necessities.” The house was as bare as ever. And chilly, she realized. “We’re going to need blankets, lamps, matches, a change of clothes—”
“Just hold on a minute. I don’t know where—when the hell we are. Do you?” 
“In this neighborhood, most everyone’s probably wearing something they’ve had for ages or purchased second-hand. Still, I’d hazard 1880 to 1890.”
“Ten years?” Joe looked disgusted. “That’s not narrowing it down. I thought you were an expert.”
Susan frowned back at him. “Only when it comes to greedy developers who’d rather destroy works of art than save them.”
“I think you’ll want to stay on my good side, Miss Lennox, if you hope to ‘get by,’ as you put it.”
“How do you expect to get by? Your credit cards aren’t any good here—” Then she realized. “You’re going to contact Victor.”
The self-satisfied light in his eyes confirmed it. “Great-great-granddad will put me up, with the right kind of encouragement.” He produced the photograph of Robin, waving it blithely. “This should persuade him I’m who I say I am.”
“You’re assuming he even knows about the house.”
“If he doesn’t, I’ll give him the whole story, start to finish.”
“Minus one little detail he might find rather key.”
“Whether or not Winfield shows up, we’re living proof the time travel works. That’s bound to interest Victor, don’t you think?”
Going with Joe McGowan was the last thing Susan wanted to do, but the alternative—staying in the house alone or finding some sort of miserable shelter for homeless women—appealed even less. Either way, there was a problem to overcome. “If I go out, dressed like this, we’ll both be arrested.”
“Simple enough to solve. I’ll find you something to wear.”
“Wait a minute,” Susan said. “How do you expect to pay for it?”
He looked at her in disbelief. “You want me to promise to mail them a check? Tell you what. We’ll borrow a dress and return it later.”
“Well, leave a note that we’ll return it. And...” Susan grimaced. “Hunt for a clothesline.” At least those clothes would be clean.
She went downstairs with him, expecting a wait; but barely ten minutes passed before he reappeared, a brown overcoat slung over one shoulder. He tossed it to her and she was immediately assailed by the odor of tobacco. The coat was coarse wool, shapeless with age, but it would fall to her ankles. Praying she wasn’t about to acquire parasites in the bargain, she put on the coat and buttoned it. “Did you leave a note?”
Joe only looked amused. “I got it in the bar across the street. You’re welcome to run in and let them know we stole it.”
She couldn’t argue with that. She had stolen it. “I’ll return it as soon as I can.”
“Well, don’t make a production of it. They’ll probably arrest you.” Joe started down the stairs ahead of her. “I think we can safely assume a nineteenth century jail is a little less cheery than your favorite cell in Central Booking.”
“Certainly if they make me share it with you.” As they descended, Susan peered past his shoulder. Was that a sofa in the parlor? A beautiful old mahogany sofa with a serpentine back and, beside it, a small, round-topped table upon which someone had left a pipe and a drawstring bag of tobacco. It was a disconcerting discovery. She’d grown so accustomed to thinking of the house as abandoned.
Joe picked up the pipe and gave it a sniff. “My granddad smoked a pipe,” he remarked. “What are the odds this is Victor’s?”
Uneasy, Susan went to the window and looked out. She should have asked Robin more questions about Victor. The little she knew left her feeling she wouldn’t be welcome in his house, especially if Joe saw any advantage in swaying the man against her. She had to take into account the particular dangers this world presented—namely, that her opinion held less weight and her dependence was not just expected, but desired. She didn’t really want to find out how cheerless a nineteenth century jail cell could be.
“We’ll have to join the passing parade sometime, Miss Lennox.” He was at her shoulder, too near, but what startled her more was the gentle tone—as if he were, for once, seeing things from her point of view. No doubt he was just feeling a little too misplaced, himself. Susan turned, catching the sardonic lift of his lips, and she smiled as coolly.
“I think I can handle this as well as you can. Probably better.”
To her surprise, he laughed. “You may love the skyline out there, but you won’t be any more at home than I am. We’re twenty-first century creations, both of us.”
“That’s not a drawback if you have respect for ideas other than your own.”
Joe went to the door and, cracking it open, squinted into the early evening light a long moment before glancing back at her. “For the record, I’ve always respected your opinion. I’ve just never agreed with it.”
Susan joined him in the doorway. “Respecting my opinion involves giving it at least some consideration and I don’t believe you’ve ever done that. But then you really don’t have to, right?”
The familiar exasperation showed in his face, but she was in no frame of mind to stand arguing on the stoop, not when nineteenth century Manhattan lay all around, to be feasted on with ears and eyes. As they left the house, Joe turned grim and wary, and Susan wondered if he felt any excitement. She was shaking with it, excitement and anxiety both. She wanted to take in all the life around her, but Joe moved with single-minded speed, clearly ready to leave the Bowery far behind.
If Third Avenue wasn’t as seedy, it had its share of rough characters, some of whom, Susan noted, eyed her back as curiously. A group of young men loitering outside a restaurant smiled at her, one of them winking—because of her make-up, she realized, and her hair falling loose. That, along with the old coat showing off a little too much ankle, appeared to be leading everyone to the same conclusion.
Torn between indignation and a desire to laugh out loud, she clutched her carry-all closer and caught up with Joe, hoping to avoid solicitations. She would have time to come back and sightsee, if the weather was any indication. The evening was cool and bright, the oaks gloriously red and gold. “It’s autumn,” she said in astonishment.
Joe made a derisive sound. “You’re just now noticing? Not very perceptive for someone who makes her living inspecting properties.”
“This is nineteenth century New York, for God’s sake. Who’s looking at trees?”
“New York’s New York,” Joe said with a dismissive wave. “The only difference is I don’t see a damned thing over ten stories.”
“Traumatic for you, I imagine.”
“Oh, it’s a beautiful sight. Money to be made.”
A certain sardonic inflection in the comment made her think he was only trying to provoke her. Still, she didn’t like the idea of leaving this blooming bud of a New York at his mercy. As soon as she talked to Victor, she’d go back to the house and leave a date for Neil to find, and Victor’s address, to boot.
If she ever had the chance to talk to Victor. “How much farther?”
Joe frowned. “Victor lived on 35th, back in the twenties...”
Susan stopped walking. “The twenties?”
“He’d lived there for years by that time. I assume he’s there now.”
“We don’t yet know when now is,” Susan said. “If we’re walking much farther, I’d like to make sure we’re going in the right direction.”
“Miss Lennox, the fact that you’re sleeping anywhere tonight besides a cold, empty, probably rat-infested house is due solely to my generosity. Go back, if you want. We’ll come by for you in the morning, if you survive the night.”
Susan shifted aching feet in her heels, but she wasn’t ready to take them off, not to walk barefoot on a sidewalk where other shoes had tracked horse manure. Even less comfortable with the idea of panhandling for train fare, she decided to trudge on. She was an increasingly unwelcome sight, it seemed, the farther up Third Avenue they went. Judging by the intrigued masculine gazes and disapproving feminine ones, she’d be lucky to reach the house before the police arrested her for indecent exposure.
But Joe, despite his earlier uncertainty, seemed to know where he was headed. In the gathering dusk, the rowhouse looked much the same as others on the street, somber, dignified, well-kept. Joe’s knock brought forth a butler as somber and dignified, whose blue eyes in a wizened face radiated a balance of polite reserve and guarded suspicion. The balance was upset when Joe asked to see Victor.
“Mr. McGowan is not at home this evening.”
Joe hissed in vexation. “I’ve got to talk to him. Where is he?”
Susan gave him a warning poke. “Victor’s not receiving visitors.” She turned to the butler. “We’re here on a matter of great urgency. If you would—” She glanced sidelong at Joe. “Give me the photo.”
Joe pulled it from his pocket and handed it to the butler. “Show that to Mr. McGowan and tell him Joseph McGowan’s standing on his doorstep.”
“We only need a few minutes of his time,” Susan said, confident a few minutes would lead to all the time they needed. “Tell him we’ve come from the Bowery.”
The butler appeared to find that not implausible. All the same, he permitted them into the parlor, a room so dark and overfurnished, Susan was afraid to move, for fear of knocking over a vase or potted plant. Joe made himself at home on a rosewood settee of intimidating dimensions. It looked uncomfortable despite its lush brown velvet, and Susan remained on her feet, exploring with only a curious gaze. The room lacked flowers, photographs, and any sort of knickknack beyond severely practical ones. Was there a Mrs. McGowan yet—or was Victor as aloof and single-minded as Robin had suggested?
The butler returned with a slim brass pole, lifting it to the gasolier to brighten the room as the slightly stooped figure of a middle-aged man stepped through the doorway. His resemblance to Joe was appreciable, his more austerely carved features framed by a mane that was a darker shade of brown. He was handsome—at least he would have been, had he smiled or allowed even a glimmer of friendliness into the dubious stare he fixed on his great-great-grandson. “This...” He held aloft the photograph. “Where did you come by it?”
Joe rose. “Right where you left it, in your will, complete with a story I thought for years was a fairy tale, until your professor showed up in person to prove you right.”
“My will.” Victor’s heavy brows drew together. “There’s no such document.” He turned to Susan and, to her discomfort, drew nearer, to stare into her face as if trying to recall where he’d met her before. “I’ll know the meaning of this intrusion,” he said, quieter but no less brusque. “Who are you?”
“Joe McGowan,” Joe said impatiently. “Didn’t your butler tell you? We’re here by way of your house on the Bowery. You know Professor Winfield, right? Age around thirty?”
Victor’s gaze stayed on Susan. “We’re acquainted, yes. What of it?”
“He’s still here in New York,” Joe said. “Still age thirty. About a hundred or so years in the future.”
That won him Victor’s full attention. “You’ve proof of this?”
“I’m proof,” Joe said, arms spread wide. “Let me lay it out for you. In not too many years, you’re going to have a son. Merritt Victor McGowan—”
“For God’s sake.” Susan shook her head, though she knew it was in vain. Only another eyeful of perfume—or maybe a roll of heavy-duty duct tape—would keep Joe from spilling every detail of his life and Victor’s; though, to her surprise, the one already spilled seemed to make no impression. Victor didn’t believe it. He wasn’t even listening, Susan sensed. His gaze had shifted back to her.
“Do you claim to be kin, as well?” His voice was softer, but a strange, cold intensity lent it disquieting weight. “Would you dare?”
Joe snorted. “She’s no McGowan. Just a professional troublemaker.”
Neil might have agreed with that assessment. Subduing a smile, Susan extended her hand. “Susan Lennox. I work to preserve history rather than destroy it.”
Joe ignored the dig, but Victor stared at her as if she’d uttered something inappropriate. Wondering if the offer of a handshake disturbed him, she withdrew it and let the smile come, careful to keep it modest. “I realize what a shock this is, but I’m afraid it’s true. Robin Winfield is in 2014 with my brother, who’s probably worried sick, and I expect you’ll have more visitors as soon as they figure out how to get here.”
“Professor Winfield sought you out?”
“We ran into each other by lucky accident.” Joe moved closer to Susan, ostensibly to draw back Victor’s attention. “I recognized him from the photograph.”
Victor looked at him, then, frowning. “You know how it works? The time traveling?”
“Well...” Joe cleared his throat. “I’ll figure it out, if you give me the chance to really inspect the house.”
“Professor Winfield shared no information with you?”
Joe’s hesitation at that was not as well-disguised. “I seem to be creating more questions,” he said with a laugh. “But I can answer some of them. Mind if we sit?”
He returned to his spot on the settee and Susan settled into an upholstered armchair, sure it had to be the most comfortable seat in the room—only to discover there was no danger of falling asleep in it. She wasn’t surprised to find Joe willing to give away the future. What did surprise her was Victor, himself, who—as Joe rambled on about the details of Victor’s will—sat only more rigidly, his prominent jaw bunched, eyes grimly alight. Whether he didn’t buy that he was the owner of a working time machine or Joe had said something else to upset him, he abruptly ended the conversation by rising to his feet to tug at the bell cord.
When the butler appeared, Victor turned to Susan. “Miss Lennox, I’m afraid we are wearying you with this talk. Allow me to provide you both with private quarters and I’ll have the girl bring up anything you need. Perhaps something more suitable to wear,” he added with a glance at the coat sagging off one shoulder. It revealed no more than the collar of her blouse, but Susan dragged it back into place before she got to her feet.
“It’s very kind of you to take us in—”
“Not at all. I feel fortunate you’ve come.”
“If you intend to go to the house in the morning, I’d like to accompany you.” She barely glanced at Joe, certain he was already scheming to leave her behind. “I’ve spent some time talking to Professor Winfield and I think I can be of assistance in helping you figure out how the time travel works.”
“By all means.” The corners of Victor’s mouth lifted in a seemingly rusty smile. “If you’re well enough for an outing.”
Did she look so tired or did Victor believe every woman was a fragile creature in need of coddling? Sensing it was in her best interest to humor him, she let the butler, lamp in hand, lead her upstairs. Gaslight made intriguing pools of dark and light around her, warming the banister’s carved mahogany and falling forgivingly on carpet tread worn thin. Green and gold wallpaper, which might have looked loud under brighter lights, seemed rich in the dimness. Midway along the upstairs hall, the butler opened a door and stepped aside. Susan peered in, to see at first only the outline of a draped window. The fading light that breached the edges of the curtain didn’t travel far enough to illuminate anything else.
Susan turned to the silent figure in the doorway and he extended the lamp. Taking it, she thanked him—which he seemed to think his cue to leave her on her own. Her pulse racing under alternating bouts of fascination and uneasiness, she went in and the room came to quiet life in the lamp’s glow. Though it was more simply furnished than the parlor below, the bed, bureau, and chair at the hearth were handsome pieces she wanted to spirit away home with her.
Home. She sank into the chair, holding the lamp on her lap, her hands pressed to the warm base. She was at the mercy of the weather. Even if it stormed, she had no assurance it would take her where she wanted to be. And the ordinary passage of years certainly wouldn’t get her there. She might live till mid-century, but not much longer. If she didn’t get back, would there be some obscure obituary in the paper marking her passing? If Neil saw it...
That was not the path to let her thoughts wander, not in a dark house with its roots firmly set so far back in time. Neil and Robin might show up at any moment, but she was growing less confident it would be soon. Who knew where they might be stuck—perhaps in the midst of a drought or in the dead of winter, without a thunderstorm in sight.
A rap at the door made her nearly drop the lamp on the carpet. Leaving it beside the chair, she peeked into the hall, to discover a new face; a girl barely out of her teens, brown curls pulled back unattractively under a bulky white cap. She carried a lamp in one hand, a basket in the other. Raising the lamp, she looked at Susan with anxious eyes. “Beg pardon, miss. I’m to give you this...” She held out the basket. “And attend you, if you please.”
“What’s your name?”
“Anna Burns.”
“Thank you, Anna, but I don’t think I’ll need help...” Digging through the clothes in the basket, Susan reconsidered. None of it was fancy; probably just the Sunday best of the poor girl standing before her. But Susan didn’t want to appear at breakfast with a petticoat over her skirt instead of under it. And at the moment, she wasn’t too sure which was which.
Cotton-covered whalebone, on the other hand, she had decidedly no use for. Setting the basket on the floor, she lifted the corset for a closer look. Anna squeaked in dismay, and slipping into the room, shut the door. “The gentlemen will be along, miss. They’ll see.”
Susan suppressed a smile. “We don’t want that.” She turned the corset over to Anna, who buried it under the other clothes. “Do you mind if I ask you something? Mr. McGowan... He hasn’t any family?”
An uneasy gaze met hers. “Shall I make up the fire, miss?”
Apparently it wasn’t a good time for questions. “Anna, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“You needn’t apologize to me, miss.” Her voice was little more than a whisper. “I’ll just fetch the coal, if you please.”
She waited like a frightened rabbit, poised to escape. Susan settled for directions to the bathroom, there making the best of the spare, chilly facilities. She returned to a bedroom far more comforting in the firelight. Shedding her skirt and blouse, she stored them in her carry-all and pulled the long cotton gown over her head. It seemed wise to store her jewelry as carefully. She might have to pawn it if she had trouble finding work. Her graduate degree in historic preservation likely wouldn’t evoke a wished-for level of interest among nineteenth century employers.
The earrings she could part with, the bracelet, and her rings—all but the one her father had given her. As she slipped it off, she realized with dismay that the stone was gone, the small, plain citrine that had been such constant presence, a sweet reminder to remain optimistic whenever things got her down. If it had fallen from the setting during her walk to 35th, it was gone for good. But there was a chance it might be at the house, either now or in the future.
Her lovely little ring. It made her heartsick. She couldn’t bring herself to crawl into the musty cavern of the curtain-shrouded bed, so she huddled in the chair, doubting she would sleep. It seemed impossible that she couldn’t walk out the door, down the street, and back home. It was still New York, after all.
It just wasn’t hers.
A tap at the door startled her awake and she sat, dazed, shivering. Firelight had given way to sunlight, just enough to brighten the room without warming it.
Sunlight. Damn.
Anna, entering, bid her a tentative good-morning and set a tray on the tea-table at the hearth. Susan glanced at it dubiously as Anna lifted away the cover. Bread and butter, boiled eggs, smoked fish—adulterated in ways it was best not to think about. “Is Mr. McGowan up yet?”
“Mr. McGowan rises at five, miss.”
Anna poured a cup of what smelled deliciously like coffee. Hungry, Susan considered the bread and butter. It looked perfectly normal. “And Mrs. McGowan? Will I meet her?”
“There’s no Mrs. McGowan, miss.”
“There will be.” Susan couldn’t suppress a rueful note. “Is the other gentleman up?” she asked, loathe to use the word in regard to Joe.
“The gentlemen have gone out, miss.”
“Out?” Susan fought back a surge of alarm. The secret stayed safe as long as the sun shone. Joe might figure it out if he stopped to ponder it, but he was no doubt expecting a more complicated answer. Knowing that, it still left her anxious to think of him spending any time alone with Victor. “Anna—”
“Shall I draw a bath, miss?” Anna seemed genuinely afraid of her. The girl had retreated to the door, waiting there for permission to go.
Susan didn’t know how to reassure her. “I suppose this is peculiar. My being here, I mean. Along with the gentleman. Did Mr. McGowan explain any of it?” At Anna’s soft shake of the head, Susan smiled. “Well, that doesn’t surprise me. Men never explain anything, do they? They just run off and leave us to wonder what in the world they’re thinking. Or if they’re thinking.”
If Anna found it a sympathetic response, there was no sign in her troubled expression. She opened the door as if she could not stand another minute shut inside with Susan.
“I’ll just draw the bath,” she said, and all but ran. If Anna had joined the general consensus, seeing her as some sort of fallen woman, maybe a bath and a change of clothes would correct that perception. Once she had the make-up off and her hair pinned back, she would look like anyone else on the street. On the respectable side of the street, anyway.
But first, breakfast. The bread and coffee tasted reliably like bread and coffee. Unwilling to risk the egg or the fish, Susan pulled the old coat on over the nightgown and took the basket of clothes with her to the bathroom. Though Anna had vanished, a warm bath fragrant with the scent of roses waited. Susan washed away every trace of the modern world but the nail polish, pale enough on her short nails to be barely noticeable.
While her hair dried, she tackled the clothes one piece at a time, starting with the long, loose drawers and chemise. She tentatively wrapped the corset around her middle and decided she could live with the social censure. Laying it aside, she dragged the brown wool dress over her head. It fell to her ankles, hanging a little loose around her figure, and she was thankful Anna wasn’t much rounder or taller. The thick stockings, scratchy as they were, protected her feet, still sore from the walk uptown. She combed her hair into a pitiful semblance of a bun and returned to the bedroom, to catch a glimpse of herself in the full-length mirror.
“My God. I am Mary Poppins.” Except frumpier. Of course she didn’t expect Victor would keep a stock of fashionable clothes to outfit strangers coming in off the street. She was respectably clothed, if not attractively. Reminding herself she had greater concerns, she drew the drapes, letting the gentle autumn sun into the room. A few thin clouds hung uncooperatively in the distance—but sooner or later, a storm would come, necessitating a furtive run back to the Bowery, probably in the pouring rain.
Until then, it surely wouldn’t do any harm, historically speaking, to walk around town. Curiosity still ran strong alongside her anxiety. It was a chance she wouldn’t have again, to see New York in all its nineteenth century splendor and squalor. For that sort of adventure, she was dressed appropriately. Clothed as a servant, she would go unnoticed almost anywhere. But she’d need a hat and coat, or at least a shawl.
The house stood altogether too quiet as Susan crept to the landing and peered down. Anna and the butler were in the parlor doorway, conferring. Susan had a feeling she was the subject under discussion, and as she started downstairs, the sudden silence confirmed it. They were probably wondering who she was and why Victor had taken her in. With no idea what Victor might have told them, she didn’t dare make anything up. 
“Good morning.” She kept a certain restraint in her manner, sensing it was expected. “Anna, would you lend me a hat and coat? If you can spare it for an hour or two.”
Anna and the butler exchanged an uneasy look and Susan hid her exasperation with an effort. They couldn’t help thinking as they did, but she was a little fed up with being considered a wanton woman. “I’d just like to take a walk. I won’t get into any trouble or do anything improper. I promise.”
The front bell rang and relief flooded Anna’s tensed features. “I’ll find you a coat, miss,” she said, exchanging another inexplicable glance with the butler as he moved to answer the door.
Feeling out of place in the hallway with guests coming in the door, Susan ducked into the parlor. The voices that reached her were lacking the friendly cadence she would have expected of family or friends, unless all of Victor’s friends were as stodgy and somber as he. When the visitors, three of them, appeared at the portiere, Susan’s heart nearly stopped. One of the men wore a brass-buttoned blue coat. Had Joe gotten himself arrested? Or had he found a way to have her arrested? The son of a...
“Miss Susan Lennox?” It was a polite inquiry, gentle, as if he were afraid of upsetting her. His eyes, too, were gentle in craggy, middle-aged features as he extended a small white card. “I’m Dr. Alfred Chappell. My associate...” He motioned forward his companion, a younger, yet stoop-shouldered figure of a man with a thin, unsmiling mouth. “Dr. Walburn. We are here at Mr. McGowan’s behest.”
“He’s not in—”
“Yes, I do beg your pardon. We’ve come a little early, so we might have the opportunity to talk with you at length.”
“With me?” Struck by how increasingly bizarre her situation was becoming, she wanted to laugh, but she couldn’t seem to draw a decent breath. “What do we have to talk about?”
“Well...” Dr. Chappell glanced toward the settee. “If we might—”
“Yes, of course.”
The doctors left the straight-backed chair to their police escort. Susan perched reluctantly on Victor’s armchair and let Dr. Chappell take the lead, hoping to find out how much Victor might have told them.
“You seem quite at home, Miss Lennox.”
She’d never felt less at home, but she let that slide past with merely a nod. Dr. Walburn took out a small notebook and pencil as Dr. Chappell continued. “Generous, indeed, of Mr. McGowan to take you in. We want to do all we can to assist him. Can you tell me, Miss Lennox...” Dr. Chappell cleared his throat as if he were broaching a matter of some delicacy. “Are you married?”
The question, so far out of left field, finally provoked a laugh, one she hastily turned into a throat-clearing, herself. “I’m not. No. Why do you ask?”
“Forgive us,” Dr. Chappell said kindly. “We only want to understand your situation. Do you think your parents may be looking for you?”
“My parents are—not living.” Yet, anyway. Clearly, Victor had misled these men; to what end, she couldn’t guess. But she had a feeling it was something more than a deception concocted to explain her presence. “I know you want to help but, really, I don’t need—”
“Are you employed, Miss Lennox?”
“Employed?” She was going to have to come up with some concoctions of her own. “Well, yes...” What line of work would make sense to them? “A florist’s shop. That’s where I work.”
“Do you?” Dr. Chappell seemed pleased to hear it. “Here in the city?”
Yes was not the wisest answer. But no was not particularly choice, either. “Upstate.”
Not a good answer, judging by the tilt of Dr. Chappell’s brows. “You’ve left your work, then?”
“Temporarily.”
Further throat-clearing on Dr. Chappell’s part suggested another personal question was forthcoming and Susan tried to intercept it. “I’m in Manhattan for a visit.”
The policeman tsked under his breath. Dr. Chappell studied her with fatherly reproach. “You’re here alone?”
“Is that so uncommon?” Let them pin a suffragette label on her. Maybe it would make them back off.
“It’s rather peculiar.” Dr. Walburn made no effort to temper his disapproval with sympathy. “If you’re a woman of independent means, why have you solicited Mr. McGowan’s aid?”
It struck her that if this kept up, she was going to need a good lawyer. Preferably a twenty-first century one. “What is this all about? Did Mr. McGowan ask you to come here and grill—” Exasperated, she drew a steadying breath. “To come here and question me? I believe I have a right to know,” she said when they hesitated.
Dr. Chappell put on a smile suited for dealing with a recalcitrant three-year-old. “Mr. McGowan is concerned for your welfare, my dear, and I must confess to some concern, myself. By all accounts, you’ve been wandering Manhattan unchaperoned, poorly clothed, and it appears you’ve resorted to some desperate measures to get by.”
“Desperate?” She realized he was staring at her hair and she choked back another ill-timed desire to laugh. “I didn’t sell my hair. I cut it—”
“Why?”
“Because...” Susan tucked a loose strand back behind her ear. “That’s the style, where I come from.” Knowing how ludicrous it sounded, she wished she’d had the presence of mind to claim to be sick. But then they probably would have insisted on an examination. Or had her quarantined.
Dr. Chappell looked all the more perturbed. “Where upstate do you reside?”
The furthest destination seemed the safest. “Buffalo.”
Three sets of eyebrows rose at that. Dr. Chappell leaned toward her. “You traveled all that distance alone? Where is your trunk?”
Susan groaned inwardly. “Well, I really can’t—” Inspiration hit. “It was stolen.”
“Was it? Did you report the theft to the police?”
Damn. “I intended to. I was—upset, you know.” Good God. She only needed a fan and smelling salts. Then again... That was the part to play. “I was so upset, I walked around town for ages.” She wrung her hands in her lap. “Manhattan’s such a big, frightening place. If it weren’t for Mr. McGowan, I don’t know what I would have done.”
“You knew Mr. McGowan, then?”
“No. But I’ve known Joe McGowan a while.” Regrettably.
“And he brought you here?”
“That’s right.”
Walburn stopped scribbling and raised a dubious gaze. “You have no other designs on Victor McGowan?”
Susan stared at him in amazement. “Designs? On Victor McGowan?” Any black amusement left in the situation drained away. Victor had seemed almost convinced the night before, but if he’d concluded the time travel story was an elaborate scam to wrest money—and more—from him, it would explain the police and the interrogation. Alarmed at where that left her, Susan couldn’t continue the charade of lost Victorian maiden.
“I came here seeking temporary help from Mr. McGowan, with the full intention of paying him back. That’s still my intention and I don’t like being accused of conspiring to defraud or cheat anyone.”
Dr. Chappell looked too startled to reply. Walburn rose without a word and stepped into the hall. When he returned, Anna timidly trailed him. He did not invite her to sit, but stood sternly over her. “You have attended Miss Lennox since her arrival?”
Anna glanced at Susan a bare instant before nodding. Dr. Walburn laid a hand on her shoulder. “Did Miss Lennox say anything to you in regard to Mr. McGowan? Anything that would indicate an unwonted interest in him?”
Anna kept her gaze lowered, but the fingers pulling nervously at her apron pocket gave away her fright. “She asked if there might be a Mrs. McGowan.”
“And when you told her there was not, did she reply?”
Anna hesitated. “I don’t know that she meant—”
“What did she reply?”
“She said...” Anna meekly met his eyes. “She said there would be.”
“Did she? Anything else strike you as unusual about Miss Lennox?”
Anna reddened at that. “No, sir, I couldn’t say.”
“Come along. There’s something else. What is it?” Dr. Walburn leaned toward her. “Your allegiance is to your employer, girl.”
“Yes, sir. But—I can’t. Not here, sir.”
Dr. Walburn seemed irritated. “I’ll be right back,” he said to Dr. Chappell, and escorted Anna from the room. He returned without her, and the sharp glance he sent Susan made it clear Anna had provided more damning evidence. What that was, Susan couldn’t guess. She’d hardly had any conversation with Anna—though apparently she’d had just enough to be misinterpreted.
Dr. Walburn resumed his seat and leaned sideways to whisper briefly to Dr. Chappell. Whatever he said brought Dr. Chappell’s gaze back to her as sharply. “Miss Lennox, do you ordinarily go about, uncorseted?”
“You’re assuming I’m up to no good because I’m not wearing a corset?”
“That’s not the whole of it,” Dr. Chappell said quietly. “But before we address the rest, I think we must remove ourselves to a more fitting location, to spare Mr. McGowan any further discomfort or embarrassment.”
“I’d rather wait here,” Susan said. “There’s been some miscommunication and it won’t be resolved until I talk to Mr. McGowan, myself.”
“If Mr. McGowan wishes to further involve the police, he may come down to the court—”
“Are you accusing me of breaking the law?”
Dr. Chappell rose. “No need to excite yourself, Miss Lennox. We merely want to talk with you further in a more discreet venue. If you have Mr. McGowan’s best interest at heart, you will not object.”
Susan debated walking out the door. Would they dare chase her down the block? They’d certainly view making a break for it as a sign of her guilt and she couldn’t afford to be locked up. “I don’t know what we’d have to talk about that can’t be discussed right here.”
The policeman sighed heavily and pushed himself to his feet. “If she’s to come along, say so. I’ll fetch her, if she won’t come nice.”
Rising, Susan retreated behind the armchair. “You say you’re not arresting me because you don’t want to embarrass Mr. McGowan. Still you’re willing to drag me out of the house, kicking and screaming?”
Dr. Chappell’s eyebrows rose. “Miss Lennox, we intend no such thing. If you would cooperate, for Mr. McGowan’s sake and your own, I’m sure this can be resolved as you wish.”
She might be better off playing the game their way, at least for the time being. “If I agree, I want your word you’ll leave a message for Mr. McGowan—both Mr. McGowans—to let them know where we’ve gone. And that you won’t arrest or detain me,” she added with a dark look at the still-hovering policeman, “without the McGowans present, so I have the chance to talk to them.” And wring Joe’s sorry neck if he had the least thing to do with getting her into trouble.
“Of course, my dear.” Dr. Chappell’s smile shone kindly, once more. “Let me just say this speaks well of you.”
Susan sensed it would not speak well enough without Mr. McGowan’s blessing behind it. Drs. Chappell and Walburn hadn’t really disguised the fact that they thought her a calculating floozy, and without a shred of evidence that she had any connection to this world, she had little hope of proving otherwise. All she had to hang on to was their belief in themselves as men of their word. Once Victor and Joe showed up, she might force Joe into defending her. Until then...
Anna appeared at the door, carrying the stolen coat and a brown straw hat with faded cloth flowers pinned to the band. She couldn’t seem to bring herself to meet Susan’s gaze. Susan took the coat and hat, catching Anna’s hand in a quick squeeze. “Don’t feel bad. I know you didn’t have much choice.”
Anna looked at her then, wide-eyed, stricken. “Oh, miss. I pray God will restore your senses. I do.” She fled, down the hall and past the butler, to disappear through a doorway. Susan stared after her, shocked. What on earth had she done to warrant that reaction? She was out of place, yes, and she could understand if they thought her a little eccentric. But—mentally ill? Had Victor thought the same? Susan shivered. She’d expected pitfalls in maneuvering her way through a world she knew only from books, but she’d never anticipated this. 
The butler, a wary glint in his eye, escorted them to the door. Anxious, Susan followed Dr. Chappell to the closed carriage at the curb. Dr. Walburn woke the driver snoring on his perch and the horses shook off their own stupor, stamping the ground. Dr. Chappell opened the carriage door and offered Susan a hand. Hesitant to appear any more eccentric, she accepted his help and climbed in.
Dr. Chappell sat beside her, Dr. Walburn opposite. Neither man said a word as the carriage started along the street, nor did Susan encourage conversation, instead trying to come up with a story to suit any interrogation to come. Nineteenth century Manhattan passed in surreal and magnificent detail, but she was too unnerved to take any pleasure in it. Whether she was detained at the police station or the hospital where Dr. Chappell practiced, the decision had come about because Victor deemed it necessary—and Joe had not prevented it. He wanted to be rid of her and he’d found a way to do it without getting his hands dirty.
Anything she had to say in her own defense would be filtered through an impenetrable veil of prejudice and naivety. There was no one else to speak on her behalf. And without that, the doctors appeared ready to blithely go ahead and do whatever Victor McGowan asked.
Neil, where the hell are you?
Chapter Six
Robin had gotten a glimpse of it, the anguish in her face as she’d twisted away from Joe McGowan and lifted a hand toward her brother. A bare glimpse, but he would remember it the rest of his days, as clearly as he’d remember the fingers around his wrist tightening briefly, convulsively, before letting him go.
He hadn’t expected Susan to plunge so heedlessly into the room. But Neil...
Robin followed, trying to get hold of him. “Stop and think a minute. You can’t—”
“Like hell I can’t.” Lightning illuminated Neil’s restless circuits. He scowled heavenward. “Come on, already! Goddamnit, work!”
The storm seemed no longer so obliging, but Robin didn’t care to take a chance. He stepped into Neil’s path, seizing him by the shoulders. “Neil, I beg of you—”
Neil as swiftly twisted loose. “I don’t know where she is. What she’s fallen into. What if she can’t get back? What if she needs help? I’m not going to sit here and wait...”
His jaw tightened, eyes closing as he turned away.  An ache rose in Robin’s throat and he had to draw a breath before he could speak. “Susan knows we’ll find her. Until we do, she’s quite capable of looking out for herself.”
“Yeah, and she’s just as capable of getting into every kind of trouble there is—oh, hell.” Neil moved to the window and aimed the flashlight at the wallpaper. “She’ll remember. She has to remember.” He slid the beam along the window frame, using his free hand to smooth the loose strips of paper. “Come on, Sukie. You’ve got a pen collection in that bag dating back to 1989. Permanent markers in every color...” He broke off with a gasp and Robin leaned in, to see faded letters on the paper, nearly as faded as the roses. It was less a message than a peculiar series of words strung together. The first was the clearest.
“Polly?”
Neil’s lips curled. “From the nursery rhyme. That was her revenge when I stuck her with Sukie. When she was especially pissed, she called me Polly, which of course got me as mad. After Dad died, it sort of evolved into her way of telling me to pull myself together.” Neil brushed a thumb over the ghostly scrawl. “She must have figured she’d better not name us outright, in case someone came across this, searching for Joe.” The too-bright gaze slid sidelong back to Robin. “By the way, if you ever tell anyone about the Polly thing, I’ll dunk you in the East River. Repeatedly.”
“Yes? No cleaner then, I take it.”
“Not really.”
“So noted. You recognize the hand as Susan’s?”
“That’s Susan. Still legible, even when she writes fast.” Neil focused the flashlight on the rest of the message. “It’s so damned faint. ‘Bustles.’ Isn’t that what it says?”
“I believe so. And ‘Elevated’.”
“The Third Avenue El.” Awe crept into Neil’s voice. “Damn. All right, so—let’s see. She’s gone back earlier than ‘55. Later than...” He frowned. “When did they finish the track through the Bowery? 1876?” 
“‘78, wasn’t it?”
“You don’t remember?”
“I don’t live in the neighborhood.”
“You must’ve read the papers. What about bustles? 1880? 1890?”
“Well, I can’t attest to it much past 1888,” Robin said dryly. “But I recall my aunt dressed just so—”
“Not before the war.”
“If you’re meaning the Rebellion, no. But not long after. And I feel quite certain the train was running by ‘78.”
“All right. I guess we’ll be able to check our facts.” Neil threw a pensive glance toward the window, where the rain expressed its regret with a soothing patter against the glass. “We’re not going anywhere tonight except back home.” Worried green eyes settled on Robin. “The police will be looking for McGowan. That means I have to keep you under wraps. And you’ve got to listen to me—really listen to me—when I warn you to not touch. Or talk. Or... Whatever. All right?”
Robin could not argue. Not against chastisement driven by anxiety. “I’m yours to command. But if there’s work to be done, you must let me assist.”
Neil started for the stairs. “I don’t know what you could do, unless you know an especially effective nineteenth century rain dance.”
Robin noted the serious line of his shadowed profile. “That was said in jest, I hope. If we approach this from a scientific standpoint, there is—or rather, was—a theory concerning liquefied gases sent up by balloon to explode at a certain—”
“Whoa. Okay, first let’s check the forecast and see if we can’t get there with all our body parts intact.”
Neil’s apartment was a cool, quiet haven Robin might have appreciated more if he could have peeled away his worry as easily as he shed his suit coat. Neil, who’d stayed lost in thought on the way back, seemed to wake all at once as he shut the door after them and locked it. He took two cans from the icebox, and opening one, handed it to Robin. “First things. We need a target date. Unfortunately, my phone’s dead, so we’ll have to settle for news the old-fashioned way.”
“The Times?” Robin asked.
“Not that old-fashioned.” Neil sat on the sofa and lit up the canvas, displaying a familiar tableau. “Still just fifty percent. Damn.” He leaned elbows on his knees and pushed his fingers through his hair, disheveling it. “Okay. Well, we’ll aim for Wednesday and hope for the best. Meanwhile...” He reached for a leather case on the low table, and from it removed a thick metal plate similar to the one Robin had seen on the train. Neil pried it open like an oyster, to reveal a smaller canvas, as brightly lit, and the oddly flat typewriter keys that begged to be touched. “I doubt my Plan B is any better than your Plan B, but let’s just make sure.”
“My Plan B?”
“Yeah, you remember. Blowing us up?”
Robin frowned. “If you’re so determined to discredit the idea, you might have just said it isn’t viable.”
“It isn’t.”
“Is that your expert opinion?”
“No, it’s my terrified one. Here, look at this.” Neil turned the whole contraption in Robin’s direction. “Nice and simple and a lot safer than liquefied gases.”
“A rocket?”
“Right.”
“Trailing copper wire. Fired into the clouds...” Robin glanced at him dubiously. “Drawing a lightning bolt right down on top of you?”
“We could fire it from inside the house—”
“Through the window?”
“The rocket’s on the roof. We have a remote control. A little handheld like this.” Neil picked up the black box he used to call up weather reports. “Push a button and the rocket blasts off. We’re safe in the house—if you can call waiting for a lightning strike to throw us back through time ‘safe.’ Trouble is, we have to know where the lightning needs to hit and we’re not really in a position to perform experiments.”
“That’s bound to attract attention,” Robin agreed.
“And we’re not even taking into account the danger to bystanders. We don’t know where the rocket would come down. Even if we manage not to hurt anyone, we’d be risking arrest—” Neil broke off as a sudden loud retort came from the street. It sounded at first like a pistol firing, until Robin remembered the date.
“Firecrackers?”
“We’re not the only ones risking arrest.” Neil rose and went to the window. “I think we’ll have to give the weather a chance. One good storm is all we need. So—maybe Wednesday.”
He fell quiet and his thoughts, Robin sensed, did not travel in a productive direction. “I arrived here quite lost, if you will recall, and I found help. Susan will find someone as kind and sympathetic.”
Neil’s attention seemed settled somewhere beyond the glass. “You think so?”
Robin held out the unopened can of soda pop. “Here.” He smiled. “Unshaken.”
Neil snorted at that, but took the can. “You hungry? I’ve got some take-out menus...” In mid-stride toward the kitchen, he stopped and turned back. “You know, we could just go out. A salad once in a while wouldn’t kill us. Right?”
Now that was surely said in jest. “What do you have in mind?”
Neil grinned—a worrisome sign. “Grab your coat.”
Robin went along warily, to find himself deposited not long after at the curb in front of Delmonico’s. As unexpected was the sight of the restaurant itself, a grand edifice much taller than he remembered, but familiar in the details. “Do you dine here often?”
Neil shook his head. “It’s not that I have anything against chandeliers, wood-paneling, and whispering waiters, but this place is the second home of crotchety Wall Street types now. Or maybe it always was. I just thought you’d get a kick out of it. Enjoy it, I mean,” he amended as they slipped into the hushed interior. “I’ve only eaten here once, myself.”
“That’s more than I have.”
“Yeah?”
“It’s a bit of an imposition on my pocketbook.” Robin took in the smartly appointed dining room. “Are you sure—”
“It’s not something I can afford to do every week, either. But this week’s already gone so far off the deep end, we might as well splurge. God knows where we may be eating in a day or so.”
With no argument to raise, Robin accompanied him to a corner table and partook of a most perfect supper. But through it, Neil was far too quiet for his liking. Accustomed to the steady volley of wry observation, impatient admonition, and the occasional kind word, Robin didn’t know how to draw him out, let alone reassure him. “I’ve been thinking over your Plan B, as you call it,” he ventured, taking the conversation back to the subject he’d avoided for a good hour. “And another idea came to me that may eliminate some of your concerns.”
Neil raised a dubious eyebrow. “No liquefied gases?”
“Neither gas nor rocket. Your copper wire raised by balloon and connected to the tallest of the lightning rods on the roof—”
“Tallest? Just how many are there?”
“A good half-dozen, if I remember rightly. Most of them are fixed to the back of the roof. I believe it was one of the experiments undertaken in the house, an attempt to improve upon the design of lightning conductors. It wasn’t until sometime in ‘83 or ‘84 that the journal recorded an interest in the possibility of traveling in time.”
“Journal?”
“An old family journal Victor asked me to decode. It was what convinced him of the time travel in the first place.”
“So where is it?”
“Back in Victor’s hands.”
Neil pushed cake crumbs around his plate for a long minute before raising a suddenly narrowed gaze. “Who wrote the journal? Do you know?”
“There was no bookplate,” Robin said. “Nothing in the entries identified the author. But Victor led me to understand it was someone he knew. Someone in his family, I think, who disappeared as I did.”
Neil laid down the fork. “I’m going to take you back to the apartment. I want to go look at the house—the lightning rods, specifically—and it’s better if I do it alone. If they’ve found Joe’s car, they’ll be scouring the neighborhood for any sign of him.”
“All the more reason I should come with you.”
“I don’t think so.”
“You’ll be trying to divide your attention between the road and rooftop. I’ll keep watch so you can undertake the inspection.”
“If you’re along, I’ll be trying to divide my attention between the road, rooftop, and you. You’ve got a point, though.” Neil folded the napkin and set it beside the plate. “All right. You can come on two conditions. You don’t talk to anyone, don’t wander off...” He leaned forward, a warning in his gaze. “And don’t argue.”
“That constitutes three conditions, I believe.”
The arch response brought a frown to Neil’s lips. “Three conditions, all with the same goal in mind. I’ve already lost Susan. I was kind of hoping I could hang on to you long enough to get you back home.”
Beneath the irritation, Robin heard the fear, fragile, unmistakable. Abashed, he dropped his gaze. “I don’t mean to make this any more difficult for either of us. I only wish you’d as readily assume I’ve sense enough to avoid trouble.” Lifting an apologetic glance, he noted the weary sag of Neil’s shoulders despite the tension lining his face. “After all,” Robin continued with equal gravity, “I am considerably older than you.”
Neil’s lips twitched and in the midst of an obvious effort to damp down his smile, he shook his head. “The years don’t count unless you’ve lived them.”
Before he could say more, the waiter appeared, handing him the bill. Robin caught sight of the total and his heart rose in his throat. “They’ve made an error.”
Neil only laughed. “I’m too tired for a discussion on inflation. Remind me later.” He fished out the card Robin had seen him use to purchase goods. “Don’t look so worried. It’s a little expensive, but I think it was worth it. I can brag to Susan that I ate all my veggies and you can brag to your friends that you dined at Delmonico’s.” The lingering smile found firmer ground. “If I were you, I wouldn’t mention when.”
The cab that took them back to the Bowery let them off, at Neil’s instruction, in front of the cafe where they’d stopped the day before. Even two blocks distant, Robin could see that Joe’s disappearance had already garnered attention. A small crowd hovered around the abandoned motorcar, ignoring the prowling policemen who tried to shoo everyone away. Without a word, Neil prodded Robin in the opposite direction. When they turned the corner, he kept moving and Robin hurried to keep up. “You don’t want to wait? They surely won’t be there all night.”
“They might be. Anyway, it’s just too risky. Maybe I can get a bird’s eye view online.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“It’s—” Neil shook his head. “Easier to show you. Let’s go.”
But once they reached the apartment, Neil vanished into his bedchamber. Sensing it was better to let him be, Robin retired to the other chamber, now shadowy, too quiet, and not familiar enough to be comfortable. Still, it was as close to home as could be found. If Neil’s roommates returned, he expected he would be hastily removed to an even more alien shelter.
He didn’t relish that thought. Tired, he took off his suit and put on the nightclothes Neil had lent him. But once in bed, he could not yield to sleep. Every sound, near or distant, demanded interpretation. The one that kept coming to mind suggested Neil was as sleepless as he.
Rising, Robin drew on a dressing gown and crept across the parlor to Neil’s door. Low sounds from within were of the impersonal quality he’d observed each time Neil lit the wall canvas to hear a recitation of the day’s news. Neil was no doubt hoping for some word on the search for Joe.
Robin tapped at the door and a voice betraying not the slightest surprise called out, “It’s open.”
Taking that for an invitation, Robin peeked in. On the smaller canvas above a chest of drawers opposite, a reading of the news was in progress. Neil, cross-legged on the bed, swung a quizzical glance in his direction. “Something wrong?”
“Not at all. I just...” It occurred to Robin he had no excuse for the interruption, other than concern, and he wasn’t sure that would be well received. “Might I borrow your clothes brush?”
Neil broke into a soft laugh. “Remind me to add advances in dry cleaning to the list of things to go over later. Have a seat.”
He gave the rumpled blankets a pat and turned his attention back to the metallic case Robin had seen earlier, propped open and aglow with what looked like a map of Manhattan. Neil tapped a number of buttons in quick succession and the view dropped dizzyingly into the city, to halt some distance above the Bowery rooftops.
Embarrassed by the gasp that escaped him, Robin still couldn’t keep from leaning for a closer look. “That’s...” He could find no words. “May I see it again?”
Neil appeared to think it over. “You’ll have to swear you won’t tell another soul about it. Ever.”
“You have my word.”
“Good enough.”
The view retreated skyward and Robin was hard-pressed to contain another gasp. Further he went, up and up, until the world was a cloud-draped blue and green ball sitting, small and lonely, in the dark. “Dear God,” he whispered.
“Yeah.” Neil sounded wistful, despite a trace of amusement. “All we’ve got.” He exhaled. “The lightning rods are right where you said.” The view tumbled back to Manhattan, landing neatly on the Bowery. “You can just see a few of them jutting above the roofline. I’m not so sure about the balloon idea, because the wind and rain will send it all over the place or straight back down before it ever gets high enough to be any use. If we’ve got a storm brewing and can somehow get a balloon up before the rain starts...” He frowned. “I don’t know. But I think we should get all the necessary parts ready to go, in case the weather refuses to cooperate.”
“How long will the police haunt the Bowery?”
“A few days, minimum. They’ll poke around, question people, maybe even show up here when they find out about Susan’s battles with Joe.” The gaze Neil fixed on him was thoughtful, assessing. “The police will laugh off that story in Victor’s will, but once they find the photo on Joe’s computer, they can recognize you. I’ll have to stash you somewhere for safekeeping...” He shook his head. “A hotel’s risky. And expensive. Staying with neighbors, that’s a possibility, but you’d have to be cautious and sensible. Not exactly your strong points, from what I’ve seen.”
“I could lodge with a friend,” Robin ventured. “You do have some?”
Grudging good humor curled the corner of Neil’s mouth. “One or two, and I’d like to keep them. The hotel’s a safer alternative. You might still have to evade the police, but I have a sneaking suspicion you’ve been honing that skill for a while.”
Startled, Robin met a knowing stare, and just as quickly looked away. “I can’t say I’m any more skilled at it than the next fellow.”
“I think that depends on whether he’s keeping the same secrets.”
Neil’s tone had turned oddly gentle. Uneasy, Robin rose. “I should leave you to your work. I’ll say good night.” Avoiding the gaze he could feel pinned so relentlessly on him, he made it as far as the doorway before Neil spoke.
“You have no one to go home to.”
The bald statement brought him to a halt. “I’ve no family—well, none that will note my absence.”
“Not even your parents?”
Robin shook his head. “I was six years of age when my mother died, seven when my father was killed at Chancellorsville.” He hadn’t spoken of his childhood in so long. It remained ever a distant haunt of silent parlors and black crepe. “I was raised by an aunt and uncle and fairly lost among a brood of cousins. Fed, clothed, instructed on how to make my way, then sent out to do it. After a try or two, I found a place at Columbia.”
“Jesus,” Neil said softly. “No boyfriend?”
Robin’s mouth went dry. His heart was pounding. “Boyfriend? I—”
The mattress creaked, but he couldn’t look around, not even when a hand fell lightly on his shoulder. “You don’t have to pretend.” Still that gentle tone. “Things are better. Not perfect, but better. I think you saw that for yourself on the train.”
He had. But it was surely just part of the mad dream from which he kept expecting to wake. A world so accepting... He was afraid to believe it. And yet he wanted to trust Neil. He did trust Neil.
It was a truth nearly as difficult to take in. “I’ll admit I haven’t had the greatest fortune in that regard. The risk...” He half-turned, still not able to meet Neil’s eyes. “My place at Columbia was hard-won. And now it’s complicated by Victor’s constant requests for my help. He’s a trustee and I cannot turn him down nor chance him discovering too much.” He managed a faint smile. “I do have my work to go back to.”
“Work you love.”
Robin met his gaze then, to find a smile as sympathetic as he’d ever seen. Neil picked up the black box he’d referred to as the remote control and held it out. “Here. I won’t even make you swear to forget everything you see. It’s all pretty forgettable, anyway.”
Neil was inviting him to stay. “You’re sure? It’s late—”
“Unless you were honest-to-God hunting for a clothes brush, just sit already and don’t worry about it. You’re not bothering me that much.”
An invitation, indeed. But once he was settled and paging through the endless number of performances until Neil, still researching, bade him make use of a button labeled “mute,” Robin began to wonder if Neil wasn’t rather more glad for his presence than he’d wish to admit. Conversation continued in the usual vein until Neil drifted off, his head resting on his folded arms. Gathering the blue blanket at the foot of the bed, Robin covered him without waking him. The computer’s canvas was still aglow and inviting, but Robin let it alone. He could be perfectly cautious and sensible. It was just more of a challenge in a world full of such complex creations...
One of which lay snoring beside him. Neil had seen through his loneliness; thus the invitation to keep him company. Unsettling, to realize Neil might not be so difficult to decode. No worse than the McGowan journal, at any rate. His devotion to his sister was admirable, as was his generosity, despite the grumbling that came with it. If time were a more cooperative commodity, it was not inconceivable Robin might come to call him a friend.
Soon enough, though, time would take him elsewhere. For the moment, Robin was too tired—and too comfortable under a corner of Neil’s blanket—to worry whether that somewhere would ever be home.
Chapter Seven
It was New York. The buildings might be shorter, the traffic at even more of a crawl, but the mood was the same; moving forward, looking ahead, leading the way. No time for backward glances. Money to be made, as he’d told Miss Lennox.
She hadn’t liked the way he put it. But then she wouldn’t. The world had stopped somewhere around the turn of the century, as far as she was concerned, and God help the man who wanted to see the city soar ever upward. But—amusingly enough—even she’d seemed shaken to find herself so far back in the past.
When he’d first heard the name Robin Winfield eight years before, Joe had assumed it was some crank who’d befriended his great-great-grandfather in a time when people were especially susceptible to all sorts of scams—and his heirs had felt some sort of obligation to at least pass down the information in the will. Of course that was spurred on in part by the money. Victor had been careful to promise rewards to the trustees, incentives to assure that the house remained intact and Robin Winfield’s name remained in the subconscious, in case he should turn up at some future date.
That he had... Joe still couldn’t believe it. Then again, he couldn’t believe much that had happened in the last twenty-four hours. He was still looking for solid ground, as was Miss Lennox, apparently. She hadn’t appeared for breakfast, and Joe held on to the hope she’d find Old New York less attractive as time went on and decide to share whatever she might still be hiding about the house and Robin Winfield.
Till then, he planned to win over great-great-granddad as speedily as he could; a challenge because he’d never shared so much personal history with a stranger. Victor might be family, but it was not a connection Joe felt, and Victor’s reticence made conversation awkward.
Silent on the carriage ride to the Bowery, Victor stayed nearly as quiet during the tour of the house. The judgment in his every glance and every terse response made his distrust clear. Still, Joe forged ahead.
“I don’t suppose you’ve had an engineer or anyone come in?” He wasn’t ready to accept that any man-made source in the past could have created time travel, but the idea that some mysterious vector of generators, power lines, and maybe even the elevated train thundering by might have somehow opened the pathway that had displaced him—that seemed as laughable. “You know, it might make sense to have these generators checked over, rather than waiting on Winfield to return. He won’t help us, anyway. He seemed pretty thoroughly on their side.”
“I possess the means to persuade him.” Though Victor didn’t smile, his features eased into an expression of satisfaction—one so familiar, Joe struggled to remember just where he’d seen it. He couldn’t nail it down, not until Victor had turned away. Then the face loomed in his mind and he realized the old saying was true. The apple didn’t fall far. In fact, sometimes it just dropped and lay, rotting in the shade.
His father would’ve felt some connection to Victor. Charles McGowan hadn’t been above blackmail, despite his wife’s disapproval. He and Victor could’ve mused over the various means by which to make best use of time travel. The money-making possibilities were endless. The risk of upsetting the course of history was as endless, but his father might not have worried over that. Why he was worrying over it, he didn’t know. History had as many dark corridors as light. More, really. Who was to say an upset wouldn’t have some events turning out for the better?
The tap of a cane brought him back to the present. Victor stood at the window, looking out. “If you are who you claim to be—”
“After everything I’ve told you, you’re not convinced?”
Victor glanced around at him. “What is the date of my death?”
Startled, Joe balked at answering. It was one thing he wouldn’t have cared to know. “That won’t convince you.”
“Possibly not. But I’m curious. And I’m sure to make the most practical use of the years remaining to me, armed with such knowledge. Wouldn’t you say?”
Still hesitant, Joe decided in favor of encouraging Victor’s trust. “1939. I don’t know the exact date.”
If he’d anticipated an earlier demise, Victor seemed disinclined to let on. He turned from the window, heading for the doorway. “If you were lying, I expect you would have provided the day. I may yet believe this story of yours.”
Joe followed him to the stairs. “Why not call in some help, then? A scientist, an engineer, someone who can get these machines running right and help us test this thing in case Winfield can’t find his way back. You’ve got people you trust, don’t you?”
“Those in my employ haven’t the knowledge to effect such repairs—and those who have the knowledge I’ve not the means to swear to silence. You’ve traveled back more than a hundred years, so you say. That indicates others may, as well. I’ll put a man here to guard the place and have him report back, should anything untoward occur.”
“But you’ve no idea how long that could be.”
Victor looked amused. “If I’m to take you at your word, I’ve time to spare.”
“You may have time...” Joe checked an impatient note, knowing it would not improve Victor’s view of him. “I do have a life I’d like to get back to. Besides, you have to see the benefit in being the first to figure out how this works. Winfield’s probably clever enough to use it to take ownership of the house away. Do you want to risk that?”
Victor appeared not in the least perturbed by the idea. “Professor Winfield’s fate is in my hands. He knows I may have him arrested any time I please.”
“Arrested for what? Trespassing?” Joe followed him to the front door and out onto the steps. “You know Miss Lennox will want to go home, too. If she figures out how to get back, she’ll do her best to—”
“You needn’t worry yourself about Miss Lennox.” Victor climbed into the carriage and sat back, gloved hands settled on the silver tip of his cane. “She’s no longer in a position to take advantage of either of us.”
“She—what? Wait a minute. I know I called her a troublemaker, but...” Joe didn’t like the cold feeling stirring in his gut. “What did you do?”
Victor seemed to think the conversation was too public. He gestured to the seat and Joe climbed in beside him and tried again. “She’s not what you’re used to, I realize, but Susan Lennox isn’t a threat to you or the business. There’s no Landmark Commission to worry about. No one to back her up if she wants to get in our way.” Joe stared out at the passing landscape with a growing sense that more than just the fashions and architecture were archaic. He couldn’t shake his own worry now. “Where is she?”
Victor’s assessing stare was back on him, doubt rekindled. “You’ve led me to believe you and Miss Lennox have worked at cross purposes. Is that the truth?”
“Well, it was never anything personal. For me, anyway. I mean...” What did he mean? She was a troublemaker, but she always kept things interesting. The first time he saw her, five years before, she’d cuffed herself to the gate of a derelict little East Side dump. He’d tried to grab her purse to find the handcuff keys and she’d hit him with her bag lunch. Not even incarceration had deterred her—and in the years since, he’d grown used to her showing up whenever he was on the verge of tearing down a building. She’d never been shy about speaking her mind, which probably put her altogether beyond Victor’s idea of womanhood.
“Miss Lennox is as lost here as I am. If she knows anything about the house, she’ll let me in on it once she’s homesick and ready to leave. Until then, she won’t do anything to change history. I know her well enough to know that.”
Behind the seemingly impenetrable wall of disapproval, interest flickered, then burned. “What else do you know of her? Has she other family?”
Joe shrugged. “She’s got a brother—”
“Stephen?”
Had he mentioned Stephen Lennox? “When did she tell you about her dad?”
Victor’s gaze narrowed. “You mean to make me believe Stephen is the girl’s father?”
“Hold on. Wait half a second. You know Stephen Lennox?” Conclusions flew at him, and Joe pushed past them to the bottom line. “Goddamn, he belongs here. In your time. That’s what you’re saying?”
“Lennox and his brother were my business partners until this past July. Stephen Lennox...” The already grim line of Victor’s mouth flattened further. “A difficult man. Emotional, capricious. Damning qualities when one is struggling to make a success in the highest circles. I was free of his interference, his and his brother’s, after he disappeared, and if you intend to convince me this girl is his heir—”
“I had no idea Susan Lennox’s ancestors had business deals with any of mine. They could be two different Stephens, for all I know.” Though Victor’s sounded awfully like the same guy who’d driven his father nuts for so many years. “Has Stephen been declared deceased?”
“He is presumed so.”
“And his brother’s share—”
“His brother is awaiting trial for murder,” Victor said, as if merely passing along an item he’d read in the paper.
Joe’s head spun. “Stephen’s murder?”
Victor brushed a fingertip over the already gleaming head of his cane. “I thought Stephen might learn of it somehow and return to exonerate his brother. But now...”
“Wait a minute. Stephen built the house?”
“The house was built sometime in the thirties. Stephen was responsible for the alterations. He fancied himself a scientist. Wasted a good deal of time there, running all sorts of experiments.”
“Then he surely knew how it worked.”
Victor shook his head. “I’ve had no word from him in months. Perhaps one may travel back and forth, but it seems he was unable to do so.”
Joe let the conclusion pass. There appeared no point in offering the opinion that his world was vastly preferable to Victor’s. If Stephen had chosen to remain in the future—because he’d met Susan’s mother, most likely—he’d left a hell of a mess behind. A mess of which Victor appeared to be taking full advantage.
He was certainly a McGowan through and through, Joe mused. Still, the business with Susan Lennox... He couldn’t just let that go. “You’re concerned Miss Lennox might make some sort of claim on her father’s assets or at least push you into a substantial settlement, right? To do that, she’d have to let the world in on the time travel. You don’t know how protective she is when it comes to history. She was dead set against me telling you anything. The idea of her spilling this story to a judge...” Joe shook his head. “She won’t do it.”
“Not even to protect her father’s legacy?”
Joe hesitated, and Victor smiled knowingly. “If she’s truly kin to Stephen Lennox, she will be neither trustworthy nor obedient. I’ve done you a good turn, freeing you of her influence. Unless, of course, you’re both trying to deceive me.”
As the carriage drew to the curb, Joe took in the somber trappings of the house. The place felt like a mausoleum and Victor like some ancient gatekeeper, clinging to his outdated ways of thinking. Still, he was clearly capable of being unflinchingly matter-of-fact. It might be time to return that favor.
“I’ve been taking good care of the business—our business—in the eight years since my father died. Miss Lennox isn’t the only one to try to slow me down in building a better, more profitable city. She’s won a few victories, but she hasn’t stopped me, nor will she. I’m just as much a McGowan as you are, and I have the advantage of knowing what the future will bring. It’s to your advantage to trust me.”
There was no sudden light of acquiescence in the glittering gaze Victor turned on him. “An impatient McGowan, certainly. Trust takes time. You must allow for it.”
Biting back a frustrated retort, Joe followed him up the steps and into the dark entryway. “You should at least trust my judgment in regard to Miss Lennox.”
“I’m afraid you’re too late with that behest.”
As Victor handed his coat to the butler, Joe caught the look that passed between them. Uneasy, he glanced toward the stairs, part of him hoping Susan would appear. “What did you do? Ship her off to a mental ward?”
The joking tone didn’t come across well. Or perhaps it didn’t sound like a joke to Victor, who only smiled at him inquisitively. “Join me for a cup of tea. I’ve an interest in hearing more about what awaits the world in the years ahead.”
That was answer enough. Joe’s uneasiness persisted, a nagging certainty that he was falling fast into something which could pull him under and drown him and Miss Lennox and even the world they knew, if he didn’t regain control of the situation.
But breaking Victor’s fragile trust and getting himself thrown out into the nineteenth century to fend for himself... Maybe that wasn’t such a good step forward. “Tea?” He jerked his head in a hasty nod. “But let’s be fair, all right? If I’m going to tell you more about the future, you’ve got to tell me more about the past.”
Enough to survive it on his own, if—or when—it came to that.
Chapter Eight
Dr. Chappell’s more fitting location turned out to be the Essex Market Police Court, where he ushered Susan around the clusters of grubby humanity blocking the hallways and into a packed tight courtroom. The elderly judge was calling for quiet, to which the crowd responded for all of a minute before the noise level shot back up. The glances in Susan’s direction seemed furtive, abruptly shifting away when she returned them with a commiserating smile. Whispers ran rampant, and as anxious as she was, she wanted to laugh at the ridiculousness of it. Someone—Dr. Walburn, no doubt—had spilled the beans. It was the only explanation for the circle of unoccupied space developing around her while everyone else stood nearly shoulder to shoulder.
Anticipating a long wait, Susan was startled to see Dr. Chappell at the bench, conferring earnestly with the judge. If that was an indication of Victor’s influence, she was in more trouble than she’d thought. Dr. Chappell had to be relating everything in the most lurid detail, as the judge’s snowy brows rose inch by alarmed inch. The sharp blue gaze beneath those brows fixed on her. “Come forward, please.”
The crowd that couldn’t be stifled by the judge’s earlier censure turned suddenly quiet and attentive. She was apparently the highlight of the afternoon.
“Miss Lennox?”
Susan stepped toward the bench, spurring the other prisoners to back out of her way. The judge, evidently not so intimidated, leaned forward to look her up and down. “I’m Edwin Dailey, Miss Lennox. Magistrate of this court. Do you understand that?”
“Of course.”
“Do you know why you’re here?”
God, what a question. Susan reminded herself that an angry response would only get her in more hot water. “Yes, I do. Drs. Chappell and Walburn are under the false impression that I’m—” The term most familiar to them would be the wisest. “Insane.”
Murmurs ran wild behind her and Susan pushed on, afraid the judge would stop her. “I believe Dr. Chappell is also accusing me of trying to coerce Mr. McGowan into marriage. If there are any other charges against me, I’ve no idea what they are, because no one has been truly straight with me yet.” She shot an expectant glance at Dr. Chappell, who looked as if he’d been the one unfairly accused. Dailey, however, appeared unimpressed.
“Your doctors have presented your case history. I must say I find the facts telling. Leaving home, family, and respectable employment to come to Manhattan alone and apparently penniless. That does not, in my estimation, indicate sound reasoning.”
“A person can be impulsive, even foolish, without being insane,” Susan said.
Dailey’s gaze narrowed. “What, pray, did you intend to do, once you arrived in Manhattan? With no room engaged, no benefactor to turn to, and nothing in your possession but the clothes on your back?”
Susan hesitated. Even if she had a more convincing answer, it would contradict everything she’d told the doctors—and Walburn, at least, would be quick to point it out. Even now, he was at Dr. Chappell’s side, clearly chomping at the bit to add his own observations. The judge stayed him with an impatient gesture, still focused on Susan. “Miss Lennox, I understand it may be difficult to admit to certain indiscretions, but for your own sake, I advise you to be honest. Did you come to the city in the company of a gentleman? Have you been abandoned?”
Susan fought down a desire to laugh, afraid it might be edged with something resembling hysteria and would probably get her locked up quicker than her feeble attempt to explain herself. The conclusions the doctors had jumped to, the judge’s attempt to make sense of it—all predictable enough, considering the times. But the absurdity of her situation had her half-convinced it was all one vivid dream from which she had to wake—with any luck, before the Red Queen showed up to order her execution.
“Miss Lennox?”
“I came here with Joe McGowan,” Susan said. “He and I are not friends. I didn’t expect his help.” Though she should have expected his betrayal when he’d figured out he had no use for her help. “I wish I hadn’t come here. But what’s done is done. You don’t have any reason to keep me.”
Dailey was quiet a long minute, the first indication, as far as she was concerned, that he was weighing her statements against those of the doctors. “Will you allow us to send word to your family of your whereabouts?”
Susan let out a soft breath. “I’ve already left a message.” One that Neil and Robin hadn’t found, it seemed. There were no friendly or familiar faces in the courtroom. Everyone stared at her as if waiting for some outward sign of the insanity diagnosed by apparently infallible doctors.
The judge might still be persuaded, but she didn’t know how. “Your Honor, my family will come for me. I know they will. I just need a little more time. If you would only—” She broke off as Dr. Walburn slipped behind the bench and whispered something in the judge’s ear. Alarmed, Susan sprang toward the bench, and a simultaneous gasp rose around her. She flashed the room an exasperated glance before turning back. “Your Honor, the lack of a corset isn’t a sign of madness, either—”
“One moment.” Dailey raised a hand, still distracted by Dr. Walburn. Something in the judge’s face gave Susan pause. Walburn’s freshest bit of gossip appeared to be the best yet. Certainly more damaging than any accusation of extortion or prostitution.
Abruptly aware she was holding her breath, she let it out with a little gasp. “Your Honor—”
“Miss Lennox, is it true that you told Victor McGowan...” Dailey hesitated, rubbing a hand over his brow as if he’d begun to finally sense the absurdity of the situation. “You gave Mr. McGowan to understand that you believe you have, in some fashion, traveled backward through time and that your own home and family exist a hundred years hence—”
Laughter broke out and Susan could not bring herself to look around. Dailey stood. “I will have this court cleared and all of you put under lock and key for safekeeping if I am interrupted again.”
A more subdued amusement still rippled around the room as the judge gave Susan his attention. “Is this true?”
“Are you asking me if I’ve time-traveled?”
Dailey’s frown deepened. “Did you tell Mr. McGowan you had?”
Susan tried to laugh and found it didn’t work as well with her breathing impaired. “I said it jokingly. That’s all. And I assumed Mr. McGowan took it as such. Some people just don’t have a sense of humor,” she added, returning Dr. Walburn’s cold look with a scorching one of her own. “Your Honor, neither of these doctors has examined me for more than five minutes and I don’t think that’s enough for a reasonable determination of—”
“Miss Lennox, what is the date?”
Susan blinked. “Today’s date?”
Dailey considered a moment before replying. “I realize even the most vigilant may lose track of the date from day to day. The year will suit. In what year do you currently reside, Miss Lennox?”
That provoked a half-stifled titter in the court, one that died swiftly at the judge’s sweeping glance. Susan stood motionless, weighed down with dread except for her madly spinning thoughts. Between the presence of the El and the absence of skyscrapers, she was fairly confident of the decade, but narrowing those years down to the right one...
Which buildings had she passed on the long trek with Joe? The beautiful old Metropolitan Savings Bank with its mansard roof and white marble facade—built in the ‘60’s. No good. Scheffel Hall? She surely wouldn’t have missed that one... Wait! The Klempt Victorian at Bleecker. That safely eliminated the earliest part of the decade. If she could just remember what she’d not seen...
“Miss Lennox, will you answer the question?”
The disbelief in his voice broke her fragile concentration. Don’t panic. Just think... The power lines would be up through the eighties and maybe early nineties. The men in their high-buttoned coats and the women in their bustles—fewer in the Bowery, but she’d seen them in Murray Hill. The higher collars she hadn’t seen, so... Still too many years from which to choose. Robin had said 1888, but she couldn’t be sure she’d landed in the same year. Had Victor given her any clue? He’d known who Robin was, but had he said he’d known of Robin’s disappearance? She couldn’t—
“Miss Lennox!”
Susan gasped. “1888.”
Hushed and horrified commentary—and outright laughter—swept in a low roar around her until Dailey lurched to his feet and demanded quiet. Her insides in knots, Susan wanted another chance to guess, though it might dig her in deeper. Dailey transferred his glare from the assembly to her, and the hard lines eased, his gaze remaining grim. “I don’t find this quite as amusing as some of your fellow New Yorkers,” he said, with a warning note directed at the soft laughter still issuing from somewhere in the back. “Indeed, we owe Mr. McGowan a debt of gratitude for coming to your aid.” The judge resumed his seat. “Dr. Chappell, I know you’re overcrowded. Can you make room for the girl?”
Her earlier panic reasserted itself. “Your Honor—”
“I would like Miss Lennox detained for observation,” Dailey went on as if she hadn’t interrupted. “Five days, if you can arrange it.”
The corners of Dr. Chappell’s mouth lifted with a kindliness Susan could no longer see as benign. “A transport to the island this morning freed up a bed for the young lady. Once she begins to trust we want only her recovery, we’ll have her reunited with her family in no time at all.”
“So ordered. The constable will assist in escorting Miss Lennox.” His frown made it clear he expected Susan’s cooperation. She was too stunned to do anything but stare back. Dr. Chappell had room for her—where? No one would tell her; and the crowd, on her way out, kept their distance, apart from the occasional taunt or, in one case, an offer to let her know the year for a fee of fifty cents.
But when the carriage headed along a northeasterly road and Dr. Chappell’s reference to the island sank into Susan’s dazed recollection, she didn’t need to be told where they were taking her. Bellevue. The one that existed only in old photographs.
Or, rather, had. As the carriage turned along the river, the photograph burst to life in imposing stories of stone and a high mansard roof crowned with finely worked wrought-iron. It was a grand example of Second Empire, proud, noble, exuding the hubris of an age. Susan shivered at the thought of the primitive treatments and practices going on inside. Under the arch of the gatehouse the carriage passed, then swung right, toward a low brick building separate from the main hospital.
At the door waited the petite figure of a dark-haired nurse in a stiff black dress and even stiffer white apron. She didn’t smile as Dr. Chappell helped Susan from the carriage. Lingering on the path, Susan took in the other small buildings dotting the hospital grounds. Five days of observation, the judge had ordered. She clung to the idea that said observation entailed nothing else, and she would at least have a place to sleep and meals provided until she could figure out how to get away.
“Miss Lennox?” Dr. Chappell turned on the steps and looked back at her. “You mustn’t wander, my dear.” Back came that smile, and Susan pondered whether a week of being observed by Dr. Walburn would be less annoying. He might be a jerk, but his scowl was at least genuine.
But Dr. Walburn had already vanished inside, leaving her in Chappell’s hands.
Five days. All she had to do was let the doctors go on believing they could help her. “I beg your pardon.” She returned Dr. Chappell’s smile with one as carefully crafted. “What were you saying?”
Seeming reassured that Susan wouldn’t go racing off across the lawn, Dr. Chappell turned to the nurse. “A new patient, Mrs. Oliver. Susan Lennox.” As Susan came up the steps, he laid a hand lightly on her arm. “Mrs. Oliver is one of our day nurses. I think she has a bed for you—”
“I do.” Mrs. Oliver cast a dubious eye on her. “You’ve no possessions?”
“Miss Lennox has fallen into the most unfortunate circumstances, I’m afraid.”
An assessment no one could deny, Susan mused, as Dr. Chappell hurried her to the landing and into a corridor cozied up with wood benches, white-painted radiators, and framed photographs. Less homey was the room to which Mrs. Oliver led them, furnished with a pair of iron bedsteads and a lone chair—the latter included, Susan guessed, for the doctor’s convenience. Still, the barred window let in some sunlight and there were no medical gadgets in evidence.
“Where’s the bathroom?”
“You’ll not be having a bath today,” Mrs. Oliver said.
“The water closet, I meant.”
Dr. Chappell appeared to consider the conversation beneath him. “Mrs. Oliver will acquaint you with the facilities.”
He made a beeline for the door and Susan wasn’t sorry to see him go. She went with a silent Mrs. Oliver to the water closet, a cramped ill-lit room at the far end of the hall, to learn she was required to use it with the nurse standing guard just outside. One need taken care of reminded her of another. The food would probably be sub-par, but even a dry crust of bread sounded like a feast.
Before she could ask, Mrs. Oliver started down the corridor, forcing Susan to hurry after. The door at the end was iron and no doubt securely locked. “Are we allowed out on the grounds?” She knew the answer would be a firm no, but she wanted to pull Mrs. Oliver into conversation.
Mrs. Oliver clearly did not want to be pulled. “You’ll stay in the day room until supper...” She stopped at an open door. “After which you’ll be permitted to go to bed.”
Susan peered in, to see a room furnished with wicker chairs and a couple of noisy rockers. One was occupied by a nurse, who sat, reading. In the other, an elderly woman sewed. At the barred window, a middle-aged woman stared sullenly out. It was not the disturbing tableau Susan expected, but something about it made her all the lonelier. She was an outsider, spying on things that were none of her business.
Mrs. Oliver gave her a sudden push. “Go on, then. I’ve work to do.”
Sensing the woman at the window was in no frame of mind for chitchat, Susan took a chair beside the elderly seamstress. “What’s that you’re sewing?” 
The nurse in the rocker glanced up as if surprised anyone in her charge had the ability to converse. When she returned to her book without comment, Susan saw a faint smile on the elderly woman’s lips. “We’re allowed to talk?” Susan whispered.
A pair of faded blue eyes met hers. “Some allow it. Some don’t.” She jerked her head toward the nurse. “That one’s new. She ain’t yet got the spite in her to shut us up.”
New... “How long have you been here?”
The soft blue gaze wandered. “Oh, a while now.”
She didn’t know. Susan shivered. “Are you undergoing any kind of treatment?”
The woman seemed to wake from her thoughts and her gaze fell back on Susan. “They treat me well enough, I suppose. And you... You look fair sane, girl. What’s your name?”
“Susan.”
“That so? My daughter’s name was Susan. Mine’s Frances. Not that anyone’s used it in an age.”
“Glad to meet you, Frances,” Susan said, raising her voice so the nurse could hear.
Frances chuckled. “You won’t make the proper friends that way, you know.”
“I won’t be around long enough to worry about it. Does the staff allow visitors?”
“Can’t say. Ain’t had any.”
“Your family doesn’t visit?”
“I’ve no family left. Someone coming for you?”
An ache rose in Susan’s throat. “I hope so.” She scrounged up the semblance of a smile. “I really shouldn’t be here—I mean, I ended up here by accident. Sounds as though you did, too.”
“I’m here because I had nowhere else to go. But—” Frances’ gaze seemed sharper. “You do.”
Susan couldn’t keep from glancing toward the window, where the sun brightened the gold leaves on a spreading maple. “I have somewhere to go. I just can’t get there.” She wasn’t going to cry, not in front of these strangers. She had to seem strong, capable. Sane. “They do let us out once in a while, don’t they? For a little fresh air?”
“Oh, yes. Had a lovely outing, myself, just this morning.”
Escape was a possibility, then. But she would have to succeed on the first try. They’d make sure she never had a second. A stirring of hope came up discordantly against her jangled nerves and she drew a shaky breath. Frances set down the sewing and reached over to pat her hand. “Don’t worry yourself, dear. They’re strict—but kind, I’m sure. Wouldn’t be decent to keep us shut up too long.”
The woman at the window laughed, abrupt, sour-edged. Frances leaned close and whispered, “Caroline’s ill and it’s put her in a temper. Don’t think anything of it if she snaps a little.”
Her voice carried in the quiet room, but Caroline ignored it, as did the nurse. Susan, glad for one friendly face, laid her free hand on the cold one still pressed against hers. “I’m sure this will all be much more bearable if we stick together and support each other.”
Caroline gave no indication of hearing her, but Frances fairly beamed. “That’s my girl. Good as gold. Oh, there’s Mary,” she added as a middle-aged woman who looked like neither nurse nor patient came in, a basket hooked over one arm. As she shuffled to a narrow table pushed up against the wall behind the door, Frances rose. “Lovely, lovely. Stay here, my dear. I’ll bring you something nice.”
When she’d moved out of earshot, Caroline turned, the curve of her smile as caustic as her laugh. “Daft as they come, that one.”
The contempt roused indignation on Frances’ behalf. “She seems pretty lucid to me.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about. And neither does she. She hasn’t been outside since they brought her here, last week.”
Indignation slipped away, dragging hope behind it. “But she said—”
“Her family couldn’t keep her and they’ve no money to put her any place better. She can’t remember where she is, from one minute to the next.” Caroline sniffed. “Better off than the rest of us, in that.”
“If she only came in last week, maybe she’s just a little confused...” Susan dropped the argument, uncomfortably aware she was protesting more for her own sake than Frances’. At the table, Mary had opened the basket and laid out tin plates and cups. When Frances returned, bearing two plates, Susan could barely hide her revulsion at the contents. The bread was a coarse black brick, the shriveled potato stone cold. The scrap of fatty beef looked as though it had been sitting out as long, and she could not bring herself to touch it, let alone put it in her mouth. Frances and Caroline devoured every bite on their plates, and Susan realized she would be as famished in a day or two, if all the meals were as insubstantial. She already faced an interminable night in that cold, bare room. It would be all the more miserable if she were too hungry to sleep.
Setting the plate on her lap, she broke the potato apart with her fingers. It was undercooked in the middle but she could not risk eating the outer layer, not with the likelihood the potato had come out of the same bowl as the rotting meat. Frances, who had finished, was watching her in concern. “You must eat, dear. Mary’s brought a pitcher of milk. I’ll ask her for a cup.”
Raw milk. Susan remembered her concern over Robin’s digestive system. His was stronger than hers. She put the plate on top of the empty one Frances had left on the side table. “I think I’ll wait till breakfast.” As long as it didn’t come with its own helping of lethal bacteria.
Frances looked worried yet. “It’s the stomach trouble. God help us.” She grasped Susan’s hand with startling strength. “I won’t have you ill again. We’ll talk to the doctor,” she said with a resolute nod. “I’ll find him.”
Susan thought too late to call her back. Frances got as far as the door before the nurse blocked her path and tried to steer her back to her seat. When Frances resisted, pleading for the doctor, the nurse motioned to someone in the corridor. Mrs. Oliver appeared, her mouth set more deeply than ever in its groove of frown lines. “I think an early night is called for. Come along, ladies.”
“What did I tell you?” Caroline murmured as she passed. “And don’t fancy you can go anywhere. The end of the wharf, that’s as far as we’ll walk.”
It sounded like a grim euphemism, until Susan remembered the island asylum. Commitment had to be restricted to hopeless cases—but considering the time period, that likely included the greater number of patients brought to Bellevue. Still, she couldn’t imagine that Chappell or even Walburn believed her beyond hope. Once she made them see her as stable and rational, they would surely want to spare the system the burden of her care. They might even be persuaded to help her find work, something temporary, until the opportunity came to go home.
But home stood so inconceivably distant, she couldn’t think about it. Shut in the small cell, the door locked behind her, she was thankful—for the moment—for the sunlight reaching her through the whitewashed bars. If the hall radiators worked, none of the heat penetrated the cell, and the sheets were so cold, she thought at first they were damp. Pulling them off the bed, she draped them across the window, tying the ends to the bars.
Chilled, herself, she drew up the chair and sat with her hands pressed to the warm glass. If Dr. Chappell’s understanding of the world was more limited, he embraced his ideas with the same dogged confidence of any modern man. And with the picture she presented, she could hardly blame him for concluding what he had. She was a thread that couldn’t be neatly tucked into the ordered pattern of his society. He didn’t know where she belonged.
But however innocent Dr. Chappell might be, he was in charge, and if she didn’t make a convincing case for release, five days might stretch into...well, all the days she had left.
The past was starting to lose its charm, to a degree. She scooted her chair hard against the sill, the window before her and the sheet behind her creating a marginally warmer cocoon. Leaning forward, she laid her head on her arms, intending to shut her eyes for a few minutes—and woke with a start to the sound of voices outside her door. She pushed aside the sheet and stood, just as a key turned in the lock. Dr. Walburn stepped into the room and she bit back a snide remark on his apparent inability to knock.
“Miss Lennox.” His glance slid briefly to the sheets draped over the window. “Redecorating, I see.”
Behind him came Mrs. Oliver with, Susan noted in alarm, a white gown in hand. If a physical exam was in the offing, she was about to become the most uncooperative patient in the history of medicine. “Redecorating...” She returned the thin smile with as benign an expression as she could muster. “That implies there was decoration, to begin with. I was just trying to warm the sheets.”
“Ah. Very inventive. You might have been better served requesting a hot water bottle.”
“I didn’t know I could.”
Dr. Walburn turned to the nurse. “We do have hot water bottles, Mrs. Oliver?”
“Of course, sir.” Mrs. Oliver fixed an annoyed gaze on Susan. “You must speak up, if there’s something you need.”
Sensing that was said more for the doctor’s benefit, Susan let it go with a nod,  mentally jumping ahead to come up with reasons for avoiding the physical. Dr. Walburn pulled the chair out from behind the sheet and turned it toward her. “Please have a seat.”
Susan cautiously complied and Dr. Walburn leaned toward her, squinting and frowning. “Mrs. Oliver, I’ll need more light.”
Mrs. Oliver yanked down the sheets, an effort punctuated with irritated sniffs directed at Susan. Dr. Walburn seemed to take no notice. He bent down again, studying Susan closely without laying a hand on her. “Stick out your tongue, please.”
That request seemed safe until Dr. Walburn produced a black-handled instrument with a primitive metal slab that looked none too clean. “What’s that for?”
“To depress the tongue,” Dr. Walburn said. “If you will please—”
“Has it been washed?”
“Yes—”
“Sterilized?”
“Miss Lennox—”
“I think I have a right to know.”
“It has been washed in carbolic acid. Will that suit you?”
“How many patients have you used it on since washing it?”
Dr. Walburn handed the instrument to Mrs. Oliver. “We will spare Miss Lennox further upset and dispense with that part of the examination for now. Have you any objection to having your pulse taken?”
Sensing he was upset, himself, Susan held out her hand, palm upturned, and let him lay fingers on her wrist. If he thought her heart was beating a little on the fast side, he made no comment other than to give the results to Mrs. Oliver, who recorded them in a leather-bound notebook. Susan was prepared to object to any further examination, but Dr. Walburn seemed to have gone as far as he thought decent or necessary. He leaned against the sill, arms folded, and looked down at her gravely.
“I understand you ran into some difficulty with the other patients in the day room.”
“Frances mistook me for her daughter.” Susan risked a reproachful glance at Mrs. Oliver. “She was only trying to help. If the nurses had just given her more food, she might’ve been fine.”
“Did you ask her to fetch you something more to eat?” Dr. Walburn asked.
“No. I hadn’t even eaten mine.”
“You weren’t hungry?”
“The food was inedible.”
“Your fellow patients seem to find it adequate.” His tone was more disapproving than defensive. “We provide basic fare, to spare the patient digestive trouble. Simple is better.”
“So is fresh and hot. That meal was neither.”
“Mind yourself,” Mrs. Oliver said in astonishment.
Dr. Walburn raised a hand to reassure her. “New patients require time to adjust to changed circumstances. Miss Lennox’s agitation is understandable.”
“I’m not agitated,” Susan said. “I just wanted to—”
“Miss Lennox, I am not without sympathy for your situation. I’ve seen it before. Oft-times when a young woman is lured away from family and falls in with the wrong company, subsequent degradation wreaks the most terrible damage on delicate nerves. Though the signs of a respectable upbringing are apparent, so are the questionable habits you’ve acquired since leaving home. Whether we can effect a cure depends on you, and your cooperation is essential, if you wish to recover.”
Susan stepped cautiously. “Recover from what?”
“Some rather striking delusions. Tell me, Miss Lennox, do you hear voices?”
He would interpret everything she said through his frighteningly biased lens. Her detachment slipped, giving way to the cold reality of her situation. “No.” She shivered. “No voices.”
Did she sound defensive? Dr. Walburn merely continued to study her. “Have you had any unusual experiences of late?”
If he had posed that question five minutes earlier, she might have laughed aloud. Instead, she turned the question inside out, trying to determine the safest answer. That seemed to be—”No.”
“No?” He leaned toward her. “Why did you tell Mr. McGowan you’d traveled in time? Because you couldn’t bear to face something you’d done? You wished to pretend it never happened?”
Susan drew a slow breath, trying to keep it silent. “Pretend what never happened?”
Dr. Walburn sighed. “Miss Lennox, you have no family? No one to take you in?”
She wished she could tell him the truth, or something much closer to it. “I think you should know that Joe McGowan has something of a professional conflict with...” No, he wouldn’t believe that truth, either. “A professional conflict with my father. And to be rid of me, he’s told Victor some bald-faced lies. Frankly, there’s no reason the city has to bear the cost of my care. Release me and I’ll be happy to provide for my own bed and board until I can pay my way home.”
Dr. Walburn exchanged a look with Mrs. Oliver that did not bode well. His dubious air only deepened as he turned back to Susan. “You’ve no explanation of what led you to these straits. You’ve no money or possessions, no one to turn to, and apparently no awareness of something as basic as the day or year. I find it brazen—disturbingly so—that you would suggest we overlook all this and send you on your way. While I see no clear evidence you’ve taken to gin or worse, your dress and manner indicate you’ve fallen prey to habits as dangerous.”
Susan struggled for an instant just to find her voice. “I haven’t been prostituting myself—”
“You’re quite forward and revealing in your protests.” Dr. Walburn smiled as if he’d tripped her up. “I think an examination would determine the truth. Will you allow it?”
Dear God. “No.”
“I thought not.” Dr. Walburn turned to the nurse. “Has Dr. Chappell gone home?”
“I believe so, sir.”
“That’s all right. I’ll speak to him tomorrow. Miss Lennox, I leave you in Mrs. Oliver’s hands. Rest, if you can, and give some thought to the questions I’ve asked. You may find you’ll remember more, come morning.”
“Will it make a difference?” Though she asked quietly, she couldn’t hide her frustration.
“I don’t believe your case is hopeless. Cooperate in your treatment and there’s a chance you’ll recover sufficiently to be released. Whether you’ll find the courage to go home and face your family...” At the door, he shot her a considering look, then sighed as if he regretted all the hours he’d spent trying to rescue fallen women. “Good night, Miss Lennox.”
Mrs. Oliver laid the gown on the bed. “Put this on. Fold your clothes and leave them by the door. I’ll come back for them.”
“Please wait...” Susan lurched out of the chair and caught her by the arm, only to have Mrs. Oliver twist loose and sharply order her away. Susan backed off, hands raised. “I just wanted to talk to you.”
“Well? What is it?”
The forbidding stare discouraged her. “Can I have another blanket? Please.”
That spurred a smile. A sour one. “Not so independent now, are we?”
Susan swallowed an angry retort, but she could not stay silent. “I certainly didn’t mean to seem dependent. It’s my first time locked up in a facility designed for the protection of my health and well-being. In light of this evening’s events, I guess you can understand my confusion.”
The flush in Mrs. Oliver’s cheeks was noticeable even in the fading light. “Some girls have the decency to be thankful when charity’s given. Do as you’re told and change your clothes.”
She shut the door with force enough to send a metallic echo along the hall. Even the key was turned with audible emphasis.
Susan snorted softly. “I guess that knocks me off the list for the complimentary breakfast danish.”
To hell with crying. She wouldn’t give Mrs. Oliver the satisfaction of seeing tears in her eyes—assuming the nurse bothered to return with a blanket. And crying in this place... She couldn’t. Detachment, her safety net, had already slipped too far from her grasp. Tears would make the surroundings more crushingly real.
She busied herself fitting the still-cold sheets over the misshapen mattress, then changed into the gown, a cotton too thin to warm her. Wrapping the lone blanket around her shoulders, she resumed her post at the window. The sun was setting and the yard looked as cold and lonely as the room. Her only comfort lay in the chance of escape. If she had to face being trapped for good, a diagnosis of insanity might soon be on the mark.
Chapter Nine
A trip to the hardware store could not have been a more mundane task, under ordinary circumstances. Tackling it in the company of a nineteenth-century time traveler with no sense of self-preservation put a new and frightening spin on it. And that was without taking into account the very real prospect of power tool demonstrations.
But Neil wasn’t sure it would be any smarter to leave Robin waiting outside. “We need to have a little talk.”
Robin quit peering through the shop window long enough to send him a knowing glance. “I’ll keep my hands in my pockets on this particular adventure, just to reassure you.”
“You don’t realize the level of temptation involved. There are things in there... Heavy things. Sharp things.” Neil grasped his shoulders, turning him from the window. “Things that can chop you into tiny pieces in the blink of an eye.”
Robin’s amusement faded. “How can that be? In the few minutes we’ve been here, I’ve seen several children go in—”
“Yeah, but the kids have seen all this stuff before. Some of it’s going to be new to you.” Fighting a twinge of remorse for the reaction he’d provoked, Neil gave Robin’s shoulder an encouraging squeeze. “You can ask questions if you want.”
“Can I? I thought you didn’t—”
“I don’t. I’m just trying to be careful. And I’m trusting you to not do anything stupid, either here or once you get back home.”
Robin’s smile returned, with a rueful curl at one corner. “I have the terrible premonition that once I’m back home, you’ll imagine every subsequent disaster in your world due entirely to me.”
Neil turned him toward the entrance, mainly to hide his own smile, and nudged him ahead into the store. A determined shortcut to the electrical aisle didn’t prevent Robin from lagging behind. Losing him, Neil hurriedly backtracked, to find him standing in front of an industrial drum fan blowing just a few knots short of gale force. Suit coat billowing, hair in disarray, Robin fairly beamed. “You haven’t one of these at home?”
Neil smothered his relief with arch reproach. “Sorry, no. I am, however, considering an investment in some of that braided rope at the end of the aisle.”
To his credit, Robin caught on quickly. “I didn’t mean to alarm you.” The smile lingered as he fell into step beside Neil. “I did promise to be careful.”
Neil let that pass with just a nod. He’d taken on more responsibility than he’d bargained for. Robin wasn’t just a lost historical artifact to be tucked back into his niche as soon as the opportunity presented itself; he was an adult with a child’s view of the world—just as anyone might be, thrust a hundred years into the future. The whole planet was an amazing playland, every corner calling out to be explored.
Trouble was, it couldn’t be child-proofed. He threw a sidelong glance at Robin, to find the glance returned with a trace of apprehension. Not such a comfortable position, Neil supposed, to feel on the outs with the only person in 2014 who knew you existed. “Look, don’t worry about it. I know you want to be careful. I’m glad you want to be careful. Being careful is a good thing. But since there’ll be instances when you won’t know just how careful to be, it’d help if you got into the habit of telling me what you have in mind before you go poking around.”
“Well...” Robin seemed to want to balk at the idea. “If it will ease your mind, I’ll try.”
“Good. Now I was thinking maybe plain metal would work as well as copper. Or even a piece of wet string. It’ll still be conductive and we won’t need as many balloons to lift it. But—just in case.” Neil scooped up a spool of copper wire. “As for the balloons and helium...” He was talking to himself. Robin had deserted him to help a female employee gather a spilled box of switch plates. The woman, a petite blonde, rambled on—probably embarrassed—as Robin lifted the box of plates and set it on a shelf. But he apparently liked her chatter, for he stayed as they continued to talk.
Surprised, Neil hesitated to interrupt. This was a danger he hadn’t anticipated, that Robin might take an ill-advised interest in someone while he was stuck so far from home. When the woman wrote something on a slip of paper and handed it to Robin with a girlish smirk, Neil had a premonition of his own, one he didn’t like in the least.
As Robin started back toward him, Neil assumed a profound interest in the row of spools, only sparing Robin a glance when the expected interruption did not come. Robin was staring down at the card she’d given him, brow furrowed. That he seemed more confused than infatuated was something of a relief. “She hit on you.”
Robin’s frown deepened. “Pardon?”
“She invited you to go somewhere with her? Supper? Bar hopping? Poetry reading at the library?”
“I invited her, I believe.”
That startled Neil. “You know she’s a girl, right?”
Robin seemed to take the question seriously. “A terribly forward girl. But charming, in a way. Something about her put me in mind of Vermeer’s work. Oddly, she didn’t know what I meant. It never occurred to me... The art museums—”
“They still exist. Mostly for the amusement of people with vestigial attention spans.” Neil took the card. “Amy Johnson. Did you mention to Amy that you won’t be in town long?”
“I did. She asked that I call on her, if my plans change.”
“They won’t.” Neil pushed a spool of copper wire into Robin’s hands. “We’re going to stock up on this stuff and pull down enough lightning to shoot you straight back to 1888, no layovers, no luggage fees, and no wait for the bathroom. I’ll even throw in a tiny vodka and a bag of peanuts.”
Uncomfortably aware that some more subtle worry had gotten hold of him, some minute irritant lodged too deep to examine, Neil ignored it and embraced the more familiar vexation of a hot, crowded train. Robin, jammed in beside him, didn’t appear to mind either the heat or the closeness. He was probably used to both; and in fact, seemed to be enjoying himself as he craned his neck to look around. Neil regretted vetoing the cab rides, but too many more expenses and he’d deplete his savings before the summer ended.
What a jarringly ordinary thought that seemed, against the unreal happenings of the past few days. God knew what else he would face before summer came to a close. It might be well into autumn before he tracked down Susan and Joe. He didn’t want to entertain the idea that he and Robin could become hopelessly lost, themselves. The past was set in stone. As long as they knew the details, they’d find their way. And they’d find Susan—in the midst of spring, he hoped. She hated the hot weather, especially when inspections took her into houses without even a window unit to break the oppressive heat. Come to think of it, she wasn’t fond of snow, either. Summer or winter, she was dependent on help from strangers, and as resourceful as she could be, her fellow New Yorkers would restrict her at every turn.
Damn it, anyway. He started to brush his hand over his eyes, only to hesitate at Robin’s concerned glance. He had no chance to put the blame on allergies before Robin leaned toward him with the merest hint of a smile. “You mustn’t show weakness on the train. It’s my understanding they will eat you alive.”
Caught off-guard, Neil laughed, the sound a little too rough. He hastily cleared his throat. “Good advice.”
“Indeed. I believe you may trust its veracity.” Robin lowered his voice. “I do have a suitable alternative to your sleeve, if you wish.”
Relieved to be pulled from his thoughts, Neil yielded to the temptation to tease. “You going to let me cry on your shoulder?”
Robin raised an eyebrow. “Hardly a strategic maneuver when one is trying to appear invulnerable.”
“Yeah, but a handkerchief in this day and age is almost as bad.”
“Is it? I withdraw the offer.”
Robin just might be getting comfortable with twenty-first century New York. He’d probably learned early on to adapt quickly to change, a necessary skill in a life of subterfuge. He was finding out more about the future than he should, but Neil’s worry in that regard had lessened. Despite an abundant and occasionally life-threatening curiosity, Robin wouldn’t take advantage of his new-found knowledge. What he knew, he would keep to himself. He was already much too aware of how foolish and reactionary people could be.
If Neil needed any more evidence Robin was starting to feel at home, the sigh that escaped Robin when they walked into the apartment went some ways in that direction. Determined to be ready when the weather changed, he set Robin the task of monitoring the weather channel and focused, himself, on searching the closets until he came across a leather satchel. Into it went the copper wire, bag of balloons, and the small tank of helium, wrapped protectively in a pillow case.
After some hesitation, he took from his dresser the matchbox full of old coins his dad had collected. Neil had expected to keep the coins until he was an old man, himself. But their value would never be greater than at the moment, and his dad would have agreed. With the coins packed, Neil dropped onto the bed and scanned the room, forming a mental checklist of what else might be useful for the trip of a lifetime. The fewer items he took, the better. A change of clothes—a suit, perhaps—and a razor. A winter coat and a portable fan. Toothpaste. Aspirin. Bug spray. Water purification tablets...
Screw it. He was just going to have to get by without a few things for a while. But there was one item he wasn’t leaving behind.
Sliding off the bed, he peered under it in search of the gray metal fishing box he’d stuck there on the day he moved in. Inside, among other childhood mementoes, lay a wood-handled clasp knife his father had given him at a young age; judging by the long-standing scar on his thumb, much too young. But it might come in handy if he ended up traipsing the Bowery in—well, any number of years from the nineteenth century on up.
On returning the box to its hiding place, he noticed Susan’s sneakers, her favorite pale pink ones, which she usually wore to protect the floors during house inspections. Dragging them out, he tied the laces together and put the sneakers in the satchel. After days of walking in heels, she’d be more than ready for them. Maybe he’d bring her cookies, too—in a brown paper sack, so the packaging wouldn’t excite curiosity. They might be stale by the time he found her, but Susan didn’t object to cookies in any condition short of insect infestation. She’d eat them and then give him hell for bringing them in the first place.
Neil set the satchel on the bed and sat beside it. He might be packing in vain if he couldn’t get inside the house. What he would do if the police had decided to board the windows and padlock the doors... Well, he would do something. Most likely something that couldn’t be defined as strictly legal.
“Neil.” Robin, in the doorway, halted there as if just remembering his manners.
Neil did not like the apprehensive light in his eyes. “Bad news?”
“You’d better come and see.”
Robin had given up on the weather channel and wandered to a news station, where Joe McGowan had once again made the headlines, and probably not in what he would’ve considered a good way. The details were few, though the newscasters appeared to be itching to speculate. Instead, they offered the standard reassurance that law enforcement would soon locate Joe and have him home, safe and sound.
“Good luck,” Neil muttered, shutting off the television. “You know, Joe may own more than one house on that street. The police probably figure he went to look around the properties and someone kidnapped him.” Sighing, Neil rose. “As much as I’d really rather not wander that neighborhood late at night, I think it may be the best time to go test the doors and windows and make sure the house isn’t locked up. I don’t want to arrive in the middle of a storm and find out we can’t get in.”
“After midnight, then?”
“Yeah, but you’re staying here this time. There’s no record of your existence. No recent record, anyway. That’ll set off all kinds of warning bells if we’re arrested.”
“Arrest is less likely if I’m with you, watching out for the police.”
“Forget it. If you’re in jail when a storm hits, you’ll miss your chance to go home.”
Robin emanated only serene assurance, as if the issue had already been decided in his favor. “I’m not going home until you and Susan are both safely back here.”
“You may never get home,” Neil said ruefully. “It might be better if we take separate storms back, now that I think about it. I’m not riding the express. Wherever I land, I’ll need time to search for Susan.”
“I’ve plenty of time,” Robin said. “At any rate, you can’t wander about in the past, unchaperoned. Your manners—” he stopped abruptly. “Well, I don’t think it would be prudent.”
Torn between amusement and indignation, Neil went with the former. “Something wrong with my manners?”
There was a sparkle of reproof in the blue eyes. “You don’t really require an accounting, do you?”
That stung. “An accounting of your opinion of my manners? Not really. You’re the one who brought it up. And while we’re on the subject, you’re not always the prince of charmers, yourself. In fact—”
“I’ve no need of an accounting, either. If we can agree on nothing else, you know as well as I do that I’ve benefitted from your help. You may benefit from my help in the past, so I’m going with you.” Robin’s glance dropped to the satchel. “Our provisions?”
“Some things we might need, and one or two things Susan will appreciate. I thought about hiding it in the house, but with the police lurking around, that’s no good.” Neil set the bag on the kitchen counter. “If you want to snag any towels or ash trays, let me know in advance, all right?”
Robin’s refusal to consider separate trips cheered him, annoyingly enough. But whether he and Robin were going anywhere remained in question after a midnight stroll down the Bowery made it clear the police were still keeping an official eye on the neighborhood. Joe’s car was gone and the house, to Neil’s relief, appeared unmolested, except perhaps by ghosts. The moon cast an eerily defining light on the old bricks, but didn’t spill past the basement steps and dormer eaves, or make any headway through the pitch-dark windows.
Neil resisted the temptation to glance around for a knife-wielding maniac crouching in the bushes. “I should’ve brought a bigger flashlight.” He reluctantly kept it off as he followed Robin through the gate and up to the door. Producing Susan’s set of keys, he found the lock unchanged; that put the first worry past. The front hall appeared much the same, except for the greater number of footprints in the dust; fingerprints, too, Neil noted, on the parlor door and along the stair rail. He hoped it was a sign the cops had trooped in and given the place a once-over without finding a clue to Joe’s disappearance. Neil turned to Robin, who followed close on the stairs. “You still have the flashlight I gave you?”
“Yes, but I thought yours would suffice.”
“Yeah. You’re accustomed to a darker world. Give me the light.”
“We may attract too much attention.”
“We’ll need both lights if we’re going to find any new messages. Just don’t aim it at the window and we’ll be fine.”
“Two lamps will still provide a noticeable illumination,” Robin said. “What if someone comes to inspect?”
“I locked the door.” Neil stepped through the pocket doorway into the front room, where moonlight lay softly, gingerly. The dust had been disturbed, the fallen plaster swept into the corners, but copper still gleamed from the usual crevices—most brightly at the window. Thank God the weather had stayed clear. If a storm had made off with a contingent of policemen, the house would be wrapped in tape, surrounded by media, and off limits indefinitely.
Worried he was asking for just such a scenario simply by being on the property, Neil dimmed the light with his palm and pulled Robin away from the window. “Let’s do this as fast and efficiently as possible. You start on the left, I’ll start on the right. Keep your light as covered as you can.”
Standing so close to the wallpaper that he thought he could detect a whiff of old glue, Neil guided a thin beam of light inch by inch from the baseboard to a height above Susan’s reach—though not, he reasoned, above Joe’s. A sidelong glance showed him Robin searching as carefully, but by the time they met at the window, he’d come up as empty-handed. The ever-widening gulf of silence around the original message twisted Neil’s insides into tighter knots. His imagination wanted to peer into some ugly, dark corners and he resisted. Susan needed him to keep his attention where it belonged.
“So. No other messages. That’s all right.” He met Robin’s sympathetic gaze. “You can’t drop a twenty-first century woman into the nineteenth century without a splash and Susan’s not the kind of girl who splashes quietly.” A grin wanted to form and Neil swallowed hard and let it. “We’ll narrow down the target date and take those years one at a time.”
On the way downstairs, he remembered what else he wanted a look at. “The kitchen’s this way, isn’t it?” He swung the light down the hall and Robin nodded.
“It leads to the back garden. Quite a tangled mess, as I recall. I don’t think we’ll be able to see the lightning rods,” he added as Neil started in that direction.
“There’s enough moonlight to give me an idea of what’s up there.” He didn’t kid himself that he would figure out how the time travel worked, but he wanted to know more about the house. If he found a way to aim for a certain year, the trip of a lifetime might not end up taking one. “You might have to give me a boost...” All the boost he required came into sight, in the form of a ladder propped against the house. “Looks like the police left us a little help.”
“You realize someone may see us. There’s moonlight enough for that, too.”
“I’ll be up and down before anyone sees. You stay. You don’t blend into the shadows as well.” He patted the blond head and had to bite back a laugh at the look Robin shot him. “Hold the ladder?”
Though an annoyed glitter followed him up, the ladder stood firm in Robin’s hold and Neil ascended to the roofline. He expected to find the remains of one or two verdigris-hued copper rods—not half a dozen, ranged with precision on the back side of the roof. The nearest was nothing more than twisted wires terminating in a slender tip. The others were bulkier, molded into ornamental spires rising to different heights, the tips cone-shaped, ball-shaped—or, in one case, crowned with a cluster of needle-sharp points.
Someone had been a little too fascinated with electricity for his own good. Or anyone’s good, for that matter. Resisting the urge for a closer look, Neil snapped a photo and climbed down. “Anything unusual in the kitchen and dining room?”
“A hundred and twenty-six years ago, no. Now, I cannot say.”
Noting the trace of anxiety under the acerbic tone, Neil merely smiled. “A little behind the times, aren’t you? Let’s bring you up to date.”
“I searched this house from cellar to rooftop. Granted, you know more about these things than I...” Robin caught his arm, slowing him down as Neil stepped back into the hall. “If you’re hoping to find some sort of way to control this process—” As Neil turned to him, Robin let go. “You won’t.”
The impatient note had given way to sympathy. Neil acknowledged it with a nod. “I don’t know that much about metallic conduction or electric fields. Not as much as I should. But I’m going to find out what I can about this place. You know as well as I do that life—and history—can turn on a dime. Or a half-dime, depending on your point of view.” He dredged up a tired smile. “I’m not leaving Susan’s fate to pure chance, if I can help it. I know you’ve probably had your fill of this place and I don’t blame you. Go back to the apartment, if you want.” He fished the keys from his pocket and held them out.
Robin only frowned. “I’ve an uneasy suspicion I’ll be leaving your fate to pure chance, should I go. Besides, you’ll need a second lamp.” He switched it on, keeping the beam low. “Shall we?”
That Neil didn’t have to wander a dark basement on his own was a relief disturbingly equal to the one he felt, knowing Robin would not be similarly wandering Manhattan. An expression of gratitude might even be called for. But that would only encourage Robin’s inclination toward bossiness. “Since you insist...” At Robin’s dubious glance, he grinned shamelessly. “You take the lead. You’re more familiar with the territory.”
If Robin appreciated the concession, there was no sign of it in his soft snort. “Have a care. The damp’s left a good bit of damage behind and I doubt anyone’s gone to the trouble to repair it.”
The only indication the room had once been a kitchen was the stove, a pile of rusted scrap iron in worse shape than the generators upstairs. There was, as Robin had warned, nothing else to see. Just bits and pieces of a neglected house in inescapable decline. Victor might have taken a few steps to keep the place sound, but it was clear his descendants hadn’t. Joe wouldn’t bother with it until he was convinced money could be made. Neil wanted to believe Joe was ignorant yet. If he’d already enlightened Victor, the two of them would be busy revising history to their advantage. Hell, maybe they already had. Certainly in one respect it was a different world, one in which Susan had long ago lived and died...
“Neil?”
Neil sucked in a startled breath and raised his light, finding Robin across the room, watching him quizzically. “Sorry. What did you say?”
Robin came toward him. “It’s a rather oppressive place, isn’t it? If you’ve had your fill, we should go.”
Neil pulled himself together, covering the effort with a quick nod. He couldn’t get more of a reply out, not even when a hand fell gently against his back and maneuvered him toward the stairs. Steadier by the time they reached the landing, he felt around in his pocket for the house keys. “You were right. If there’s anything to find, we won’t find it in the dark. We’ll just have to wait until—” He’d barely unlocked the door before a flare of light oscillating between red and blue caught his eye from the street. “Damn.” He shoved the keys in his pocket and backed from the door, pulling Robin with him. “We’ve got visitors. And not the fun kind that drop by to treat you to a night on the town.”
Robin stared at him. “The police?”
“Yeah, and they’ll jump to one conclusion...” The idea that struck him was risky and stupid, and would not be overtaken by a better idea in the space of twenty seconds. Keeping his grip on Robin’s shoulders, he leaned in. “Trust me?”
The front door rattled under an authoritative foray. Robin’s apprehension gained a wary edge. “Must I?”
Despite the circumstances, Neil yielded to a dark grin. “Follow my lead.”
A kiss for the sole purpose of misdirection didn’t require much in the way of passion or even finesse. Neil assumed Robin knew as much—so it caught him off-guard when, after hesitating in the moment their lips met, Robin kissed him back with something more than the conventional spirit of cooperation. The kiss encouraged him to lose himself in it and he knew as Robin’s arms slipped around him that it was encouragement he couldn’t take advantage of. He had to ignore the soft noises Robin probably didn’t even know he was making, and break from the tender but determined mouth that shaped itself all too agreeably against his. Official intervention was called for. Right away. 
Luckily, the police obliged.
Beams of light that must have outpowered their own flashlights by a million watts hit them, followed by a voice sharp with the irritation of someone who’d broken up far too many illicit clinches for one evening. “A little news bulletin, boys. This—” The officer swung the light around the hall, “Not a hotel. It is, however, private property and you’re trespassing.”
Neil broke into a sheepish grin. “We heard the place was for sale and—well, the door was unlocked, so we just thought we’d get a quick look around. The way property’s going in this neighborhood, you’ve got to jump in quick to get your hands on any of it. Can you blame us?”
“Looked like you were jumping into something quick enough. I don’t guess it had a whole lot to do with real estate.” The light eased downward, giving Neil a glimpse of a perspiration-sheened forehead and an unsympathetic stare. “Tour’s over. Let’s go.”
The man was in no mood for any more blithe excuses. Neil, after throwing Robin a reassuring glance, dutifully marched to the sidewalk and put up no argument when the two of them were shut in the back of the patrol car while the officers performed a search of the house.
The roll and bounce of flashlight beams against the windows seemed to go on forever. Luckily, only a few pale clouds drifted beneath a vibrant moon, none promising rain. Torn between relief and disappointment that the officers weren’t in danger of disappearing, Neil took in Robin’s anxious profile and decided a night in jail was to be avoided. He was going to have to tell the truth. Or most of it.
Alert to the possibility of a recorder picking up his words, he chose them carefully. “I’m going to let the police know Susan’s missing and we came here, looking for her. They’ll file a report and we can let her boss know what’s going on. I just hope whoever grabbed Joe McGowan off the street didn’t grab Susan, too.”
At the bewildered knit of Robin’s brow, Neil smiled lightly and leaned forward. “Don’t worry. We’ll find her.” He drew even nearer and brushed a kiss close to Robin’s ear, along with a soft exhalation. “Smile and nod.”
Though it was hardly loud enough to be called a whisper, Robin heard, and tipped his head forward in as subtle a motion. When the officers returned, he stayed silent while Neil spilled the details. Not intending to get emotional in the telling, Neil had to fight the ache constricting his throat. The cops weren’t going to find Susan. It was up to him.
By the time he’d filed a missing persons report and related the details all over again at the station, gratitude had damped down much of his worry. Maybe the police couldn’t do anything, but it made him feel strangely better that they seemed so willing to try. Robin had taken his instruction to heart and did not bat an eye at being identified as Neil’s boyfriend, nor utter a word until he and Neil were settled in a sparsely crowded train on the way home.
“It’s not as fragile a world as I thought.” He sent a sidelong glance at Neil. “Some of the people in it, at any rate.”
“You think?” He wasn’t feeling so unbreakable. “I keep telling myself she’s all right. Susan’s always taken care of herself. She stopped needing her big brother riding to her rescue a long time ago.” Maybe she’d never really needed it. But he couldn’t shake the feeling that this time was an exception. “If only we had a power plant. And a really long extension cord.”
“I don’t suppose you’ve a powerhouse that can produce the voltage of a lightning strike?”
“God, no. Even if we did, I wouldn’t have access to it. We’re at the mercy of the weather as much as Susan is.”
Robin raised an eyebrow. “I would have expected rather more progress after a hundred years.”
“Yeah?” Neil leaned back, yawning. “Maybe you’ll get lucky and the next lightning bolt will send you into a future where you can find the Leyden jar of your dreams. Until then—”
“If you are about to counsel me to pray for rain...” Robin’s glance darkened. “Please don’t.”
Neil turned a sudden laugh into a cough and let the comment go. Robin had the right to be cranky, sitting at three in the morning on the subway after a pointless tramp around the Bowery and a long stretch at the police station. What was more of a mystery was Robin’s reaction—or lack of one—to the kiss Neil had planted on him; the kiss he’d returned with what Neil would have to call decided enthusiasm. However nineteenth century Robin might be, he didn’t seem shy about speaking his mind. Maybe that was one topic he just wasn’t so comfortable, broaching. Or maybe he thought there was nothing to discuss.
Whatever the reason, it intrigued Neil all the more when, once home, Robin didn’t knock at his bedroom door under the pretense of hunting for a clothes brush or anything else. Neil stayed up another fifteen minutes despite his sleepiness and finally crept out, half-expecting to find him in front of the television or, worse, the window, watching for rain if not praying for it.
But Robin had already gone to bed. In darkness broken only by the soft circle of light from the bedside lamp, Neil found him curled up, asleep. A book lay open under his arm, an old paperback copy of Treasure Island.
“Looks like someone’s a little homesick after all.” In the low light, Neil contemplated features quiet in slumber. Robin wasn’t as defenseless as he’d wanted to believe. In fact, Robin had handled everything pretty damned well so far. Including him.
Easing Treasure Island free, Neil marked the page and set the book aside, but left the lamp on. Robin might be more at home, but it was still disconcerting to wake up in a strange place in the dark. That was a feeling he’d be reacquainted with, himself, in a day or two; with any luck before combustible gases—or kisses, for that matter—turned into a risk he was willing to take.
Chapter Ten
The past was proving to be one annoyance after another. Surviving a straight razor and an iffy breakfast of tough steak and runny eggs, Joe had wasted the rest of the morning figuring out how to dress. Every article, from collar to shoes, required buttoning, and left him feeling as swaddled as a newborn, yet weirdly more vulnerable than he’d felt in his own clothes.
Accompanying Victor on rounds of the properties he owned was no more enjoyable an enterprise. At one East Side apartment, a man who looked more thug than agent approached them and coolly informed Victor they’d evicted three tenants behind on the rent, news that Victor mulled over with a grave expression. “The furnished rooms?”
“Yes, sir.” The man was clearly familiar with the routine. “I went over the lists. Nothing stolen.”
“Check again, just to be sure,” Victor said.
“No rent assistance programs?” Joe said it jokingly, then regretted opening his mouth when both Victor and the agent shot him blank stares. Susan’s admonition to protect the past came back to him and he frowned. A great deal in the past could stand immediate improvement, whether Susan Lennox thought so or not. “I’m only suggesting you consider new ways to deal with tenants. Ways that benefit them and you. Tossing people out on the sidewalk...” Joe shook his head. “Not good press, you know.”
The agent removed a festering cigar from his mouth. “Good press?”
Victor only continued to eye Joe dubiously. “Check again, Mr. Colfrey. Thank you.”
“Aye, sir. Good afternoon.”
When Colfrey had sped off, Victor dredged up a thin smile. “I’d rather you did not attempt to instruct my underlings.”
“He wasn’t the only—” Joe stopped himself. “No, I won’t. Sorry.” He was pushing his luck. “There are a lot of ways to improve your productivity and I’d be glad to help you do it, if you’re interested—”
“My productivity speaks for itself. At any rate, I’m not prepared to draw notice by implementing practices still a hundred years from invention. Certainly not when—”
“You don’t believe me.”
“We’re chancing enough attention with Professor Winfield’s imminent return.” The arch tone was as pronounced as ever. Maybe Victor’s doubts weren’t unreasonable, but Joe was tired of proclaiming his innocence over and over. He’d been doing that the better part of his life. It’d be a nice change to have someone trust him, for once. Especially his own kin.
“I’m going back to the house to look around. There’s something obvious we’re missing and I’ll bet I can figure it out with a more thorough search.”
“Very well. I’ve put two gentlemen on guard at the house, but they won’t trouble you.”
It sounded like an unspoken assertion that he’d be keeping a sharp eye on Joe. “If I disappear the way Stephen did, I promise you it’ll be entirely inadvertent.”
Passing up a cab, Joe wandered for a while, until he reached Second Avenue. It was something of a relief to be away from great-great-granddad and that tomb of a house. Though he’d told Victor he wanted to go back to the Bowery to look around, he found himself more interested in turning north.
It was a walk Miss Lennox might’ve liked. There were plenty of buildings that would be standing in a hundred years; an adequate number, surely, to satisfy nostalgia buffs. An adequate number to satisfy even Miss Lennox, who might well be viewing the past with somewhat diminished admiration, after a night in Bellevue. Joe didn’t know for certain Victor had taken her there, but it seemed the most likely place.
If it was anything like he imagined, Miss Lennox would give him an earful for not doing more to get her out—and maybe rightly so, he mused as he turned toward the waterfront. In the gloom of a cloudy afternoon, the hospital was grim and aloof, an antiquated chateau with the haunted air common to buildings of its generation. From the imposing gatehouse, he was escorted into the main building and left in the hands of a gray-haired administrator who seemed surprised by his request to visit Miss Lennox.
“She’s to be transferred to the island in a day or two.”
“The—” Holy shit. That possibility hadn’t occurred to him. “Really?”
“Indeed.” A hint of defensiveness underlay the suddenly officious air. “Visitation requires a permit from the commissioners—”
“And I get this permit where?” Joe couldn’t keep from being as curt. Susan Lennox might be pushy, hard-headed, and downright exasperating, but he was fairly sure she didn’t qualify as insane. And she sure didn’t belong in a nineteenth century asylum. Hell, no one did.
But just getting permission to visit was apparently no simple matter. As he made his way to the Third Avenue address the administrator finally provided, Joe pondered the wisdom in throwing some weight around—not his own, but Victor’s. If Victor had enough influence to have Miss Lennox locked up, it didn’t seem out of the question that the McGowan name was enough to set her free.
That all depended on the susceptibility of Mr. Mortonson, a harried-looking pencil pusher in a black suit and tie. Summoned out of his office by a young clerk, Mortonson muttered all the way downstairs, pausing every couple of steps to glance back as if he’d forgotten Joe was following. In an anteroom furnished with only an old sofa and a table bearing a teapot and mismatched cups, Mortonson sat as if he were afraid to get too comfortable and tapped a pencil almost ceaselessly on the notebook on his lap.
“Visitor’s permit to Blackwell’s,” he repeated, shuffling through the pages of the notebook. “Visitor’s permit. Yes, indeed. If I may have your name...”
“Joseph McGowan.”
That raised a startled pair of eyes to his. “Did Victor McGowan send you ‘round?”
“As a matter of fact, he did. I want to visit Susan Lennox. We had her committed just yesterday—” Joe hesitated, wondering how much Mortonson knew of Victor. “I want to be sure she’s settled in all right.”
“You do?” The dubious note was not encouraging. “Yes, we ordinarily advise relatives to wait a bit before visiting, to give the patient time to feel at home.”
Joe smiled. “That’s excellent advice. It’s just that—well, we’re both so concerned about the poor girl. I told Victor I’d check on her. Gave my word,” he added for good measure.
“Yes, indeed.” Mortonson shifted on the very edge of the cushion. “We certainly wish to accommodate you, sir. If you will call on us Friday morning—”
“Seriously?” Even this backwater version of New York was mired in red tape. “I just want to hop over, visit with her for ten or fifteen minutes, and come back. There’s surely something you can do to expedite things?”
“The young lady... She’s your wife?”
Joe had a momentary vision of Miss Lennox’s reaction to that idea and it was only with effort that he contained a laugh. Something in Mortonson’s tone gave him the feeling that a marriage of convenience might be called for. “I suppose if she were, you’d be more amenable to writing that permit today?” He said it jokingly, which prompted a hesitant smile from Mortonson.
“Yes, indeed, sir. Well, not today, but quite possibly tomorrow. I realize this separation must be a great trial for you both.” Mortonson looked as grave and morbidly sympathetic as an undertaker. He gestured expansively toward the pot and cups on the table. “Would you care for tea?”
All Joe wanted was to get out of the house before Mortonson caught on to any inconsistencies in his story or started to eye him more closely and notice just how out of place he was. After enduring a cup of lukewarm tea and Mortonson’s assurances that Blackwell’s was a fine facility for anyone troubled by too nervous a temperament, Joe escaped into the gathering dusk.
Lights were coming on, lights that seemed too gentle to chase away the encroaching darkness. He stood on the sidewalk, letting the crowd brush past, registering the grumbling when he didn’t move out of the way. A river of accents swept around him, and for a moment, the quaint row of homes and shops across the road didn’t look like Manhattan at all. He was a tourist in a city that belonged frozen in sepia-toned images. A city as lost as Susan Lennox always liked to claim.
He was letting her get to him, with her impossibly romantic vision of the past and her passionate desire to keep it intact. In all his business dealings, he’d come up against plenty of passionate opponents, but he’d never run up against a conviction as sincere and resilient as Susan’s.
He was looking forward to informing her they were married. She’d probably punch him in the nose. Really, she ought to be damned glad to see him—though how he was going to help her get out when it was almost impossible for him to get in...
If he’d had access to his own resources or even Victor’s, it would have been simple. But all he owned at the moment were the clothes he’d arrived in. If he found himself a permanent resident of this New York, Victor might help him cultivate business contacts and in time he’d learn to fit in. But Victor reminded him too much of his dad already, and he didn’t relish the prospect.
Approaching East 35th in the deepening night, it struck him again, the sense of having fallen into some sort of fairy tale realm. He could just imagine what Fifth Avenue looked like, wrapped in twilight, the windows of the great mansions aglow. He thought he’d had enough of traipsing around after the trek back up Third, but the lure of the unfamiliar was irresistible.
Cutting over to Fifth, he wandered as far as 52nd Street for an eyeful of the Vanderbilts’ French chateau. Miss Lennox would have no doubt provided architectural specifics, complete with a hint of reproach directed his way. But a cozy penthouse appealed more than the drafty castle, no matter how charming the castle looked from the opposite corner. He debated walking a little farther, curious to see the houses in the upper fifties, but Victor was already suspicious of his every move. No need to make it any worse.
Returning to Victor’s, he was relieved to see first floor lights making their valiant way past the heavy drapes. Victor was still downstairs, perhaps at supper. Ready with the excuse he’d lost track of time while sightseeing, Joe kept it to himself when he walked in to find Victor waiting for him in the entryway. If the man seemed no cheerier than usual, there was an air of grim purpose in the way he stood, his hands locked behind his back, his stare more distancing than ever.
Joe proceeded warily. “Something’s happened.”
“So I’ve been informed.” Victor’s tone was as cool and remote. “A messenger from the Charities and Correction Department paid me a visit. In fact, you’ve just missed him. I suppose you know what we discussed.”
Mortonson. That nosy son of a... “Before you jump to any conclusions—”
“I will not be played for a fool, sir. I don’t know what you thought to accomplish, you and your companion and, I suspect, Professor Winfield, but you may take me at my word when I assure you you’ve lost this game resoundingly.” He turned to the young maid hovering in the shadow of the stairs. “Anna has gathered your belongings. Take them and go.”
“Now hold on a minute.” Joe retreated a step as Anna crept forward, Susan’s plaid handbag in one arm, a drawstring sack probably containing his suit and shoes in the other. “This isn’t a con game, I swear. I tried to visit Miss Lennox, yes, but only because...” Inspiration struck. “If I go back home without her, authorities in my own time will ask a lot of questions I can’t answer. Miss Lennox and I haven’t been on the friendliest terms. They might accuse me of trying to get rid of her.”
“I took you in on the slimmest evidence. Neither word nor deed on your part persuades me of the wisdom in continuing this association.” Victor went to the stairs, starting up. “I don’t want to see you at my door again...” He threw a glance back at Joe. “Unless you do, by some chance, come across irrefutable evidence of time travel.”
The curve of his lip was more contempt than any sign of humor. But the prospect of wandering nineteenth century New York without a penny to his name made Joe dig in his heels. “Look, I get that this whole idea of time travel is unbelievable. But here I am. And I came to you because you’re the only person in town—hell, in this whole world—that I know. And whether or not you believe it, I’m a McGowan. If you throw me out, you’re throwing out family.”
The hand resting on the banister tightened briefly, a hopeful sign until Joe met the half-shadowed face and saw the expression unchanged. Victor raised his chin, gaze narrowing, regarding Joe as if he were any stranger who’d come to the door in the dead of night with his hand out.
Joe took his belongings and left the house on 35th Street, his thoughts ranging ahead. He had to work out a plan to get by, and he would. He didn’t need anyone’s help to survive in New York. Once he had some money in his pocket, the first property he bought would be the Bowery house. He’d figure out the time travel, one way or another.
And then it would be his to profit from. His, and his alone.
Chapter Eleven
Necessity, the mother of invention, possessed as maternal a talent for instilling appreciation where none had existed. In the never-ending night, Susan held out as long as she could before yielding the last of her dignity and making grateful use of the pan. That relief brought her hunger back into focus. By morning, she would be desperate for a stone cold potato—or just about anything, except the rotted meat. She still couldn’t eat that.
Maybe in a day or two.
She rewrapped herself in sheet and blankets and debated giving up the bed for the floor. The mattress, stuffed with some sort of stiff material and raised too high in the middle, was its own special torture. And she didn’t want to think about the number of six-legged guests sharing it with her. Truth was, lying in the bed made her feel like a patient, a legitimate one. She was certainly a prisoner until she figured out how to escape—or Neil showed up to fast-talk everyone on her behalf.
Her smile at the thought pushed her a little too close to waterworks. All right, maybe she was a prisoner, but she wouldn’t be for long. Hanging on to that, she sat on the bed, her back to the wall, legs propped over the hilly middle. From that vantage point, she saw past the window bars into the yard, desolate with faint moonlight and no one in sight. It brought to mind the game she and her father had played whenever, fearful of the dark, she balked at going to bed. They’d turned it into a nightly habit, sitting at her window to study the dark world beyond and imagine where the road went. At night, her father had averred, it went elsewhere, into places no one could see in daytime. She’d known it went on its neatly numbered way, day or night, but she could never help a shiver at the thought that one night she would walk that road and end up somewhere else.
In childhood, she’d never worried about finding her way home. After her dad’s death, home had been with Neil until she’d finished school and earned enough to move to the lovely old East Side apartment so much like the place she’d been raised. Even her brief semester overseas hadn’t left her feeling so far from home, with Neil always calling to check on her and offering to express-mail her pepper spray.
But even Neil was out of reach now.
A sudden shriek, far down the hall but still too near, startled Susan back into the present. She hoped it wasn’t Frances. The nurses had no reason to be cruel to her. They had no reason to be cruel to anyone.
“I hate this place. Neil, if you don’t hurry up...”
The shriek came again, edged with hysteria, and Susan drew her legs under her, tucking herself between the lumpy mattress and the wall. How did anyone sleep? Was it possible to become accustomed to that? The thought that she might end up on line for some experimental treatment pretty much put an end to the possibility of real rest. She didn’t want to wake up on an operating table at the mercy of someone like Dr. Walburn.
Keeping her gaze on the moonlit branches she could yet see from her huddle, she fought to stay awake. The single thought kept coming back, that she should get up and see if she couldn’t somehow get the door open. Then she’d help everyone break free from their cells and, together, they’d overpower the gate guards and run into the dark streets of old New York.
Her door clanged reverberatingly and she opened her eyes, gasping with the rush of alarm that hit her in the same instant. She hadn’t escaped. Early daylight threw the pattern of the window bars against the wall. Through the open door, she could see the hall gaslight, gentle and inviting, and she wanted to get up and sit beneath it. But, wrapped mummy-like and the warmest she’d been all night, she was reluctant to move—even when Mrs. Oliver came into the room.
“Get yourself out of bed.” The nurse set a paper-wrapped package on the chair. “Like as not, you’ll find these more respectable than you’re used to. It’s the doctor’s notion you’ll deport yourself in a decent way if you’re brought back to a decent state.”
Deciding not to suggest that Mrs. Oliver’s morning might be better spent with a cup of calming tea and the want ads, Susan got out of bed and dressed. The outfit, another loose-hanging gown with long sleeves, fell past her ankles, and as ludicrous as she knew she looked, she was immensely thankful to have something warmer to wear. When another nurse came in shortly after with a shawl, straw hat, and none-too-clean gloves, Susan’s heart rose. “We’re going outside?”
“We’ll be back for you after you’ve had your breakfast.”
She left a basket on the bed, containing a covered dish of something resembling oatmeal. Afraid to lose the chance to go outside, Susan closed her mind to the probable array of bug parts mixed in and scooped up a spoonful. It was sludge, flavorless and barely warm, but she had to get it down. If she managed to escape, it might be a while until her next meal. She ate fast—too fast, judging by the queasiness churning her stomach. But she’d only just finished when the nurse returned, apparently accustomed to the speed with which patients devoured their meals.
Instructed to put on the shawl and hat, Susan did and, following the nurse out, said a silent and heartfelt good-bye to the miserable little cell. The lonely stretch of night had left her feeling disconnected from the rest of the world, both hers and the unreal one into which she’d fallen. The corridor, warmer and full of activity, strangely reassured her. Really, she was altogether relaxed and maybe a little sleepy, besides—probably because she’d gotten so little rest. By the time she reached the end of the corridor and the cool breeze blowing in through the open door, she wanted to sit and take a breather. The queasiness lingered and she felt light-headed. Almost as if...
Her stomach turned over, the rush of new alarm through her veins leaving her breathless. She’d worried about bug parts, but never thought there might be something a little more chemical mixed in. Something to make her dull and compliant—for what? A hard shiver convulsed her muscles. They couldn’t be taking her to the main building for any sort of surgery. Could it be that they wanted to examine her, perhaps to be sure she wasn’t pregnant?
“Miss Lennox.” Dr. Walburn stood in the doorway, smiling as if he were genuinely pleased to see her. “The day’s windy, especially out on the water, so hold on to your hat.” He chuckled and the nurse beside him smiled.
Susan stared at him. “On the water?”
“Yes. The ambulance will take you from here to the wharf. The ferry ride across isn’t difficult, but if you become ill, do let the nurse know.” He patted her shoulder as the nurse nudged her past and onto the porch. “Think well on the advice I gave you, Miss Lennox. Follow it and I believe you won’t be an inmate for long.”
She grasped numbly at his words, trying to parse their meaning as the nurse maneuvered her down the path toward the ambulance. There, a burly attendant waited to help her up the steps. The weight of a hand on her shoulder woke her more swiftly than the cold salt air. “Wait a minute. I’m not sick. You don’t know what you’re doing—”
The hand firmed and Susan twisted away, turning to run. Arms came around her with unshakable strength. Someone else got hold of her legs and the sky swung dizzyingly into view. A smoke-gray sky heavy with a storm about to break.
“You’ve got to let me go!” She fought with new strength, but her wrists were dragged together and cold iron touched her skin. “God, please—” That voice, it didn’t sound like hers. She tried to blink away the tears blurring her vision. “I’ll answer your questions. I’ll do anything you want. Please!”
She might have been a sack of flour, for all the care they took in passing her over the wagon steps, into another indifferent pair of hands that dragged her to a cot and held her there. The sky had vanished, the scent of rain giving way to the smell of some powerful astringent, and her stomach rebelled again, until she had to close her eyes and put all her strength into fighting off the nausea.
As it ebbed, she became aware of the fall of rain on the roof, a sound that should have comforted—might have, if not for the hollow clatter of wagon wheels on the wharf. Blackwell’s was no more than a prison, from what she knew. Whether she’d fallen apart or simply fallen, either route appeared sufficient for a diagnosis of madness. A deeper, darker hole had opened up, one that would conceal her from Neil and Robin’s best efforts to track her down. Finding her own way out seemed as impossible.
Then again, she’d never have guessed it was possible to drown in her own fear. The wagon was rolling to a stop, the attendant pushing himself to his feet. He barely gave her a glance as he moved past to lower the springboard. Susan closed her eyes, struggling for a measure of strength. Whatever they had dosed her with had left her chilled and weak. The effort to stay awake was agonizing, but she was terrified of drifting to sleep.
It was a terror only partly relieved when the attendant hauled her onto wobbly legs and half-carried her out of the ambulance. The waiting nurses stood wrapped in cloaks and scarves, and Susan wished for the same the moment she stepped out of the shelter of the wagon and into the face of a cold wind carrying gusts of rain. As miserable as it was, it woke her. The choppy river splashed over the wharf and up from underneath the warped boards, soaking the bottom of her skirts. The shawl that had kept her warm in the corridor of Bellevue was far from adequate, but no one offered her anything warmer.
At the wharf’s end, a boat bounced on the waves, challenging the efforts of the hospital staff to move patients safely aboard. Hunched against the buffeting wind, Susan looked across the water to the island, wondering if it was a distance she could swim. Hoping to get a better feel from the rail of the boat, she was frustrated to be marched below, into an oppressively stuffy cabin crowded with subdued patients.
The last in, she took the lack of seating as an opportunity to stand near a window. The island, clothed in autumn color, seemed such a normal sight and she stepped back mentally, trying to remember she was a visitor, with more reason to hope for rescue than any of the women crowded in with her.
But that didn’t quell her apprehension when the boat docked within view of stone buildings standing fortress-like amid vibrant white oaks and maples. Alongside an ambulance on the shore road waited a group of nurses and attendants, not a cheery face among them. One, a stout woman in a black coat and chaste bonnet, separated herself from the others and strode toward the wharf, undeterred by the sharp wind and sloping ground. When she passed the window, Susan caught a glimpse of a heavy jaw protruding beyond the edge of the bonnet. The cabin door swung open and the woman ducked to step inside. Her glance at the huddled group was cursory, as if she were merely taking count.
“I’m Mary Woodley. Line up in orderly fashion, please. Silently,” she added, when some of the women began to speak.
Her tone apparently enough to give even the most restless among them second thoughts, the women fell into line. Miss Woodley stood at the door, sizing them up individually as they went out—or just putting the fear of God into them with her forbidding stare. Last on line again, Susan returned the stare as directly, provoking a sharp knit of expressive black brows.
“I won’t abide trouble.” Miss Woodley’s voice was quiet and even. “Advice I trust you’ll take to heart.”
Susan couldn’t restrain a questioning lift of her own brows. “Was it something I said?”
Miss Woodley studied her as implacably as a spider with a fly in its sights, and Susan wished she hadn’t spoken. Escape would be challenging enough without being singled out as a potential troublemaker. She might blame Neil’s influence, but their father had been the one to most often challenge any attitude he considered autocratic. Still, if the nurses were not inclined to rule kindly, it might be due more to ignorance than viciousness. Taking care of a hundred or more patients in various degrees of illness they couldn’t comprehend... It had to frustrate.
As the gray waters of the river receded from view, Susan resisted the urge to jump out of the ambulance and run. The swift current might take her quickly out of reach, but the staff might also haul her back or alert the authorities too fast for her to lose herself in the city. Her opportunity would come.
And she wasn’t the only one plotting escape, she realized. The woman beside her moaned fretfully, attention going again and again to the open back of the ambulance. The other patients seemed wrapped in their own thoughts, the nurses taking even less interest—until the ambulance rolled to a bumpy halt and the woman leapt to her feet, vaulted over the springboard, and tumbled to the grass.
The attendants were as quick to pounce. As they got her on her feet, she swore a blue streak—painfully apparent despite the fact it was all in German. Her mass of dark curls falling loose, her face gone a furious red, she fought back. But four attendants had gotten hold of her and they proceeded to force her up the asylum steps as Miss Woodley looked on.
Murmurs of “poor thing” from the huddled inmates made it clear the woman spoke no English at all. Did she know where she was? Susan shrank at the thought. Nightmare enough, to be locked up, but to be shut away with no explanation... Dear God. How had they diagnosed her as insane, rather than merely scared to death?
“Single file.” Miss Woodley frowned as if she’d expected everyone to remember her earlier instructions and follow through. The ambulance attendants helpfully prodded the patients into the semblance of a line and the dour-faced nurses took sentinel positions before and after. Miss Woodley led them up a narrow flight into a cold, bare corridor lit only by returning sunlight. Each door through which they passed was locked behind them, a sound that echoed with grim permanence. The trek brought them to a room lined with benches, where they were instructed to wait.
Though she was chilled, Susan settled in a shadowy corner, leaving the small pleasure of sunlit benches to the other patients. It gave her the added advantage of being out of Miss Woodley’s line of sight as, one by one, patients were called in through another door and, Susan surmised, examined by doctors.
When her turn came, she went in, resigned for another battle. But the doctor, an elderly man with a distracted air, never rose from behind his desk nor once made eye contact as he rattled off a long list of questions. His examination was much the same as Dr. Walburn’s, a surface probing of her social failings. Susan, determined to no longer stand out, fought the desire to turn his archaic notions of womanhood back on him. He would take her ideas as proof of a diseased mind and only lock her up in a deeper hole.
After she’d given the answers she knew he wanted to hear, an attendant took her down another hall, into what looked like the dining area, with one long table taking up most of the narrow room. Though it was crowded with diners, the attendant made room for her by barking an order for the other patients to move down the bench.
Susan sat, and a bowl was placed in front of her, a thick slice of bread slapped down on the bare table beside it. Despite the raw ache reminding her how little she’d eaten, she looked the food over with no enthusiasm. What seemed to be water turned out to be tea. The taste was coppery, but not nearly as repulsive as the bread, one side of it dry and hard, the other greasy with some substance vaguely resembling butter.
Her fellow patients had apparently reached the point of no return as far as hunger went. They’d eaten the bread, emptied the bowls, and some of them now eyed her untouched meal. Susan let them take it. She could do little else to help anyone, unless she instigated some sort of riot. But it was a meek, fragile group occupying the dining room, a group that put up no resistance when the nurses marched them two by two into yet another large cell of bare white walls and high windows. There, the interaction ceased as the nurses moved off to talk amongst themselves, leaving their charges crowded on benches like wayward children.
Jammed in between an elderly woman dozing where she sat and the raw-boned, solid-jawed creature who’d been the lucky recipient of an extra slice of bread, Susan deemed it only fair to expect a little information in return.
“So when’s dinner?”
The woman looked at her as if—well, as if she suspected Susan was in the right place. Susan realized her mistake. “Supper, I meant. Do they ever serve anything besides tea and bread?”
“Nothing you’ll want, m’lady.”
Sensing she was supposed to be offended by that, Susan just smiled. “Look at it this way. If I’d been less choosy, you’d be hungrier now.”
“That’s so, I suppose.” The woman’s eyes, a tired gray in a face that had gone too long without sunlight or proper nourishment, shifted back toward Susan with a kindling spark of curiosity. “You’re the one they’re talking about. You run away with your beau and come here, only to have him up and leave you?”
Susan wanted to laugh. The tale sounded ridiculous, but she knew how real and tragic it had to seem to everyone else. “That’s me. Susan Lennox.” She held out a hand and the woman, after an instant’s hesitation, clasped it.
“I’m Dorothy Meeker. Some folks call me Dolly, though it don’t much suit.”
“I’ll call you Dorothy, then. My brother calls me Sukie, but only when he’s sure he can get away with it.”
The trace of a smile turned the corners of Dorothy’s mouth. “It was my brother first called me Dolly. Such a rogue he was.”
“Does he know you’re locked up in here?”
“If he knows, he can do nothing about it. The rebels took him from me—lo, twenty-four years back. Shot him dead.”
Susan hadn’t considered how recent that particular war was. It loomed all at once out of the past, its repercussions laid bare by the pain in Dorothy’s eyes. “I’m sorry. You have no other family?”
“I had a husband, and a quarrelsome pair we were. He saw fit to send me here when he’d had his fill.”
Susan bit back an opinion of Dorothy’s husband. “How long have you been here?”
“Since ‘85.” Amusement gleamed unexpectedly in her eyes. “Don’t know that you can reckon from there, though. Heard you’ve no notion of the day or year.”
Susan succumbed to a laugh. “That story got around fast.”
“Is it true?”
“Well—”
“Tell me the year.”
Damn it. “‘87?”
Dorothy’s eyes widened. “You’re guessing at it? How does one go about, ignorant of such a thing?”
“It’s easier than you’d think—”
An ear-splitting shriek interrupted her. Two women who had been pushing and elbowing each other since sitting down were resorting to more forceful persuasion in the form of a fistfight. It became an all-out effort that drew blood before nurses could separate them. The nurses handled their charges as roughly—perhaps unavoidable, under the circumstances, but disturbing to witness. The women were dragged from the room, but their shouts rang back for long minutes, until a distant door clanged. The ruckus had several patients curled up, crying, while others got up to wander around—a privilege not readily granted, judging by the way the nurses promptly got hold of the wanderers and forced them to their seats.
A bell ringing in the midst of the commotion brought in more nurses, and the patients who wouldn’t be calmed were hauled out.
“Where are they taking them?”
At the question, Dorothy’s thin mouth formed an even tighter line. “Off to the Land of Nod, I expect, with assistance from God’s own medicine. I’ll warn you now. The nurses would as soon throttle you as put up with any trouble. I’ve seen it done. Don’t cross them—especially Mary Woodley, for she’ll have you off to the Lodge. Black-hearted old bat.”
“The Lodge?”
Dorothy’s voice dropped. “Where they keep the worst of ‘em. The ones that’ll cut your throat as you sleep. Though if you ask me, a few of these ladies—” She jerked her head toward the table where the nurses had convened. “They ought to be locked up. No mistake.”
“They’ve hurt you?”
“They’ll do anyone a bad turn, anyone who shows a bit of fight. And you look like you’ve got some fight in you.”
She sounded pleased, but Susan shivered at the thought of going up against any one of the nurses. They’d obviously been hired based on physical strength and a patent inclination to use it unsparingly. It shook her, Dorothy’s intimation that the nurses did as they pleased to a group of vulnerable, mostly older women. The patients sat huddled as before, tear-streaked but calmer, and Susan caught on, with growing uneasiness, that they were all struggling to hold themselves together out of fear.
Nearly all. Alone at the end of the back bench, a younger woman sat, straight and serene, her hands folded in her lap. She’d paid no mind to the uproar nor appeared to have even noticed it. Her face, pretty in a plain way, was quiet, the trace of a smile suggesting attention fixed on a view vastly better than the white-washed wall in front of her. She seemed so out of place, Susan wanted to imagine she was no inmate, but someone’s guardian angel, waiting for her cue. What most convinced were her eyes, soft blue, patient, unafraid...
Maybe they were just the eyes of someone who had slipped beyond the reach of all the torment life had doled out.  
Susan nudged Dorothy. “Who’s that?”
“Elizabeth.” Dorothy’s tone was surprisingly tender. “Poor little bird. I’ve heard they’re moving her to another ward. She’s been here near a month, but I’ve no notion what she’s about. She can talk sane. She just don’t talk much. She’s meaning to protect herself from this place, I think—though none of us can. There’s naught to do here but go mad.”
That seemed more evident with each passing hour. The only entertainment was conversation, and that was verboten. The nurses shushed them again and again, which, to Susan’s amusement, did little to cow Dorothy, who groused about every aspect of her confinement until Susan wanted to believe the woman was a chronic complainer. The alternative, that the place was every bit the hellhole she made it out to be, was too horrific to accept.
Wearied of sitting in the increasingly chilly room, Susan was tempted to lie on the bench and nap, but the appearance of three women in coats and hats prompted a pensive groan from Dorothy. “The night nurses,” she whispered at Susan’s questioning glance. “Fair warning. Don’t fight them.”
That woke fresh uneasiness. “Fight them on what?”
A fourth nurse appeared in the doorway and boomed an apparently not unexpected order to line up. Patients were already on their feet. Dorothy, up, pulled Susan along. Not until they were lined up with the others did Dorothy seem comfortable daring even a whisper. “Pay a mind to Miss Brant. She’s second in charge of the staff and as hard a woman as I’ve ever known. It’s said even Lodge patients run from her.”
The nurses were a formidable group, but Miss Brant dwarfed them all. She stood, Susan guessed, at least six feet, filling out the confines of her plain blouse and skirt with the kind of muscle built and burnished by a lifetime of hard labor. Paired with the dictatorial gleam in her eye, her presence was enough to give anyone pause. When everyone had joined the line, she stalked the length of it, separating certain patients—the new ones—into a group intended, it seemed, for another destination.
Susan tried for a meek demeanor, an attempt that would’ve gotten a laugh from Neil, and Miss Brant didn’t appear to buy it, either. The nurse looked Susan up and down with the same sour suspicion Susan had been seeing a little too often in the past few days. “Susan Lennox?”
“That’s right.”
“You’re the one that’s got them in a fuss?” She laughed, a scornful note prevailing. “You’ll be no trouble.” She pushed Susan into the second line as if she were merely rearranging furniture. Susan bit back a protest and focused instead on the opportunity to learn the asylum’s layout. The place was so thoroughly locked down, getting out of the building would be more difficult than swimming the river. Excursions beyond the iron doors were no doubt strictly supervised, but it seemed the likeliest route out. And daytime might be better, since the day nurses seemed less attentive. Even at the brisk pace she’d set, Miss Brant was too watchful, and her gaze returned most often to Susan.
Aware of the ever sharper warning in the woman’s eyes, Susan caught up with the group just as they shuffled through the doorway at the corridor’s end. Expecting some sort of dormitory, she was surprised to find herself in a utilitarian bathroom, one warmed by neither the dying sunlight nor the lamps the nurses carried. A cast iron tub filled with water looked no warmer. It dawned on her that she and her fellow inmates were slated for immersion in that bath and one glance around told her she wasn’t the only one alarmed by the realization. Already goosefleshed and near shivering from the cold, she reached for a credible excuse to get out of it.
Miss Brant seemed to be expecting just that. “You’re first. Off with your clothes and be quick. We’re to get you all bathed and in bed before Miss Woodley comes up.”
“I had a bath just yesterday. I’m good for at least a week—” Susan hesitated a split second as the woman’s features hardened. “I’m really susceptible to colds. You don’t want me to come down with pneumonia, do you?” Just the thought sent a shudder through her. “Without a fire in here, you’re going to give all of us pneumonia, you know.”
Miss Brant was unmoved. “Shall we do it for you?”
She would not be gentle. The only thing to do was get it over with and as quickly as possible. Susan didn’t consider herself overly modest, but it was unnerving to strip with so many eyes upon her. The patients, some in tears, averted their gazes, but the nurses were clearly accustomed to the upset. They gathered around the tub, one with a grubby towel over her arm, another poised with a dirtier scrub brush.
Expecting to have nightmares about baths for weeks to come, Susan gave up her lace bra and panties with some hesitation, less because of the stir they might cause and more because she had a feeling she wouldn’t be getting them back. If the underclothes elicited any interest, there was no sign of it in the row of grim faces around the tub. She looked into murky water that was going to be a whole lot murkier before the last patient stepped in and supposed she should be glad she was first.
“In with you,” Miss Brant said, pushing her against the rim of the tub.
The cast iron might have been made of ice. Susan tried to steel herself. One cold March when she was twelve, she’d jumped off the pier after Neil dared her. She could do this. Braced for the shock, she climbed in as fast as she could and sat.
“Oh—” She cut herself off with an effort. The water was unbearable, cold enough to make her hypothermic, but it appeared the nurses did not intend to let her linger. She was no sooner in than Miss Brant took a handful of her hair and pushed her head under. The sharp cold invaded Susan’s ears and nose and she clamped her lips together to keep it out of her mouth.
Dragged back up, she gasped aloud and splashed with well-aimed deliberation, soaking the front of Miss Brant’s apron. That earned her another dunking, one that went on a few seconds longer. Frightened, she stopped resisting and huddled with her arms around her knees while one nurse rubbed something in her hair—a strongly astringent soap, from the smell of it.
It was rubbed over her skin as well, along with the stiff bristles of the brush, and Susan began to appreciate the numbing effect of the water. She felt scraped raw by the time they hauled her onto rubbery legs and draped the damp towel over her. A wadded article of clothing, gray with age and wrinkled, was thrust into her arms and, still soaked and dripping, she struggled into it.
Behind her, Miss Brant was coercing the next on line into the tub. Quiet protest quickly turned to helpless sobbing, and Susan couldn’t bear to look around. Giving up the waterlogged towel, she tried to wring the icy water from her hair. Her hands were shaking and only partly from the cold. The one thing warming her was an intense desire to push Miss Brant into the water and go at her with the scrub brush for a good hour or two. It might net her a stint in solitary, but she didn’t care as long as a blanket was included.
She didn’t get the chance to calculate the odds of that before another nurse ordered her down the hall into a room faintly moonlit, and quiet but for the intermittent rustle of bedclothes. There the nurse left her to claim a bed and crawl into it. Four beds ranged along one wall, the first three occupied. Susan stood over the fourth, cold and weary, wanting the numbness of fingers and toes to spread inward and numb the rest of her to the misery around her.
She’d lost the power to distance herself. From her own experience, she knew jails and hospitals in her time had a lot in common. They were cold, smelly, noisy. Lonely. The people in them trudging along at their weariest and most fragile...
In the nineteenth century, it seemed jails and hospitals were one and the same. Some of the women needed only a helping hand, a way to start fresh, and they might be all right. But they had no hope of finding that kindness in such a brutal cage.
Nor did she.
Somehow she had to sleep. If she fell ill, she wouldn’t escape. The first order of business appeared to be preventing hypothermia. She tried again to wring the water from her hair, an effort that sent cold rivulets down her back. The gown, which didn’t reach her bare ankles, clung damply to her skin and she had no idea what had become of the clothes she’d taken off.
“What I wouldn’t give for a match.” She pulled the blanket off the bed and wrapped it over her shoulders. The wool was as rough as a scrubbing pad and smelled worse. She wanted to inspect the sheets, but the room was too dark for that. Bedbugs were the least of her worries, she supposed. But she was no warmer in bed than out of it and the mattress was so misshapen, she could find no comfortable position in which to lie. Her hair quickly dampened the pillow, which seemed colder every time she turned over. She tried to console herself with the idea that any bedbugs checking her out would probably mistake her for a corpse and leave her be.
Or maybe not. Was that something crawling on her leg? Susan flung the blanket to the floor and scrambled out of bed. It was something—the biggest, blackest six-legged something she’d ever seen. Using the blanket to bat it off the sheet, she jumped onto the bed and searched the perimeter to be sure the beetle wasn’t headed back for a second try. Despite her racing heart, she was still so cold. She’d never sleep. She couldn’t even lie down. “Damn it to hell—”
A sharp intake of breath close by startled her. In the next bed, above the edge of the blanket, pensive blue eyes took her in. Susan jumped to the floor, dragging her own blanket back around her shoulders as she tried to regain some dignity. The girl—Elizabeth—didn’t speak, but her pale brows drew together, her lips thinning, more with disapproval than curiosity.
Susan sensed an explanation was in order. “I don’t usually swear...” Neil’s absence was, for the moment, fortuitous. “There was a bug in the bed. A big—huge—really, you should’ve seen it...” It occurred to her Elizabeth had most likely seen it more times than she wished to be reminded. Susan tried again. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
Still as pensive, Elizabeth stared at her another moment before turning away, and remorse struck Susan even more emphatically. Not that she wanted to fit in, but she hadn’t come across many friendly faces so far.
Too cold to sleep and too uncomfortable to lie down, she sat on the bed, huddled in the blanket, and wrapped her arms around the pillow. She’d have to stand guard all night and try to sleep in the morning. The beetle would be back—which, in one respect, might not be such a bad thing. Come morning, she would be hungry enough to eat it.
Chapter Twelve
“That’s no good...” A thump from beneath the bed drowned Neil’s already muffled voice and a brightly colored cube clattered across the floor, to land at Robin’s feet; another object of inexplicable purpose, the second in as many minutes.
Robin set aside the sleek plastic disk—manufactured by one Mr. Frisbee—and picked up the cube. “What is this?”
“A puzzle. You want to get the same colors on each side.” Neil thrust out something at last recognizable; a black umbrella much like the one Robin had at home. “We’ll need this, I hope. Now if I can just find...”
He disappeared and the racket resumed. Robin settled on the edge of the bed, bending down. “What is it you’re searching for?”
Another belonging rolled out, a narrow trolley quite low to the ground and molded of the favored resource of the period. Someone had painted a vivid blue seascape along the top of it. “Is this for moving furniture?”
“No. People.” Neil emerged, dust graying his hair, and sat up. “The fewer anachronisms we pack for this expedition, the better.” He hauled a metal box from beneath the bed. “There was one thing I forgot I had. It’ll be useful since I’m leaving my phone behind.”
In the box lay an assortment of more familiar items, including a pearl-handled razor, collar studs, and a pair of spectacles. Neil dug past all of it to unearth a black pouch, taking from it a fine gold pocket watch. “My dad loved to collect old junk. But this was handed down from his father. He gave it to me when I was sixteen. I told him he should’ve given it to Susan.” Neil suddenly grinned, with an edge of ruefulness. “I was a rotten kid.”
“So you’ve come to appreciate the sentiment,” Robin concluded, smiling.
“It took me a while.” Neil returned the watch to the pouch. “There’s one other thing we’ll need. Light. Susan has an old lantern at her place, but the cops are probably there now.” Lines of tension formed around his mouth. “I think we’d better take a little trip to Susan’s home away from home...” His gaze rose to meet Robin’s, an intrigued light masking some of the tension. “You might feel a little more at home there, yourself.”
Neil would not elucidate, but a scant hour later, Robin had his answer when they stepped into a shop off Broadway that had surely stood unchanged for a hundred years. More plentiful than the dust was the inventory, most of it household goods of a palette and design that stirred homesickness. Wandering, he came upon an oak bureau with brass pulls and an oval looking-glass so like his own, it seemed he might open a drawer to find his handkerchiefs and collars tucked inside. The tea service atop the bureau couldn’t be the one his aunt had polished so diligently, but the temptation to look closer was irresistible. It wasn’t until he reached the end of the aisle and a door glaringly marked “exit,” that the present intruded. He’d lost sight of Neil. More than that, Neil had lost sight of him.
A hasty circuit of the shop brought Robin to a corner crowded with old brass, where Neil seemed entirely preoccupied with the decrepit remains of half a dozen hand lamps.
Robin cleared his throat. “There you are.”
“Funny. That’s just what I was about to say.” Neil gave him a knowing glance. “Find anything with your name on it?”
“I don’t care to. Troubling enough, that I’m an antique, myself.” He looked over the lamps. “Which is it to be?”
Neil picked up the one closest to hand. “Look about right?”
“It looks rather rusty.”
“But familiar?”
“Oh, very.”
Neil turned to the clerk at the counter. “What do you want for the lantern?”
The man made no effort to raise his head from his newspaper. “A hundred.”
Robin shook his head. “You can’t pay that. It’s much too dear.”
“Antiques tend to be.”
“We can surely find something less expensive.”
“I don’t think I want to wait.”
Robin followed his apprehensive glance toward the front window, to see a light rain falling. “I don’t believe it will progress.”
“Maybe not.” Neil looked the lamp over. “We could probably find a cheaper reproduction, but I feel more comfortable with the real thing.”
“You’ve coal oil?”
Neil’s frown flattened to a rueful smile. “One complication at a time, all right? Let’s see if I can get the price down.”
To Robin’s amazement, he did, bartering relentlessly until the clerk agreed on seventy-five. Impressed, Robin was reluctant to admit to it. Neil’s satisfaction seemed of more than sufficient measure; as they emerged from the shop and started at a quick walk to the train station, he talked of similar bargains he’d struck.
Robin, as thoroughly amused, made less effort to hide that. If Neil was obnoxious at times, it seemed an obnoxiousness of the self-aware sort, and forgivable when one took into account his way with a kiss. But Robin could not encourage him on that score, either. If Neil had intended the kiss to be anything more than it seemed, he would never say so. Likely he would dismiss the whole incident with a laugh, if Robin broached it. Already in unfamiliar territory, Robin had no desire to step out on such a fragile limb. Why the devil he worried about it at all...
“Decide to walk home?” Neil was watching him quizzically from the bright interior of the train car. Before Robin could sputter a reply, Neil reached forward, seized his lapel, and dragged him in just as the doors began to shut. “Now I know where the absent-minded professor cliché comes from.”
“I was merely thinking.”
“Yeah? About what?”
Hesitating, Robin caught the sly glint in Neil’s gaze and decided inscrutability was the safer route. “Nothing that would interest you.”
“No?” The smile on his lips only deepened as Neil leaned against the pole and closer to Robin. “There’s not something you’d like to talk about?”
“Well...” Robin suppressed his own smile. “As a matter of fact, there is.”
The lift of Neil’s brows betrayed a hint of surprise, one swiftly overtaken by the most disarming grin. “You sure that’s a conversation you want to have in public?”
The question was more flirtation than evasion, Robin knew. “It may not be a fit subject,” he said in all seriousness. “You must tell me if it isn’t.” He leaned in, dropping his voice. “Do you keep the Sabbath?”
“Do I—what?” Neil drew back, brows knit. “That’s not some kind of euphemism, is it?”
“Euphemism?”
“Well, you know. For...”
Robin broke into a laugh. “Not at all. I ask because—well, I see many of the old churches still standing. I thought their influence would wane, but that gathering in your parlor...”
“The telechurch?” Neil sounded amused. “Those services are just for show. Real church attendance isn’t what it was in your day, Gramps. I think a lot of people still believe. They just don’t always make as big a fuss about it.”
“Does that include you?”
Neil’s gaze shifted, going distant. “Does it include me? It used to. I bought into all sorts of things, once upon a time. My mom tended to encourage us in every direction we wanted to go. Sometimes too much. It helped that she was always there to catch us if we messed up. Well, until I was twelve.” The trace of a smile on Neil’s lips seemed an attempt to shield any vestige of grief. “We always worried we’d lose her because of her asthma. Not because of some pointless car accident.”
“I’m sorry.” Robin put a hand on his arm, but Neil withdrew, half-turning away. “It must have been all the more difficult to bear at twelve. Susan—”
“She was seven. I pulled back on running in all directions, but she kept going. Dad wasn’t as good at catching her when she messed up. He was too much of a wide-eyed kid, himself. So I guess I tried to be the safety net.” Neil’s laugh had a dark edge. “I was destined to blow it at some point...” He caught Robin’s eye again. “Fail, I should say.”
The anger, self-directed, took Robin aback. It seemed to burn more deeply than any other display of ill-humor he’d seen from Neil. “I’m not sure that’s the fairest assessment. It wasn’t your fault, what happened. How you might have anticipated such a thing—”
“I knew what that key meant to Susan. I should’ve kept her out of the room.”
“Then you might be the one lost and Susan would be searching for you.”
“Exactly, and she wouldn’t be stuck in a world where her options are a damned sight more limited. I can guarantee you if Joe is still with her, he’s more of a hindrance than help.” Neil looked around the car as if he hoped she could be wished back to the safety of her own time. “Rain or shine, we’re making another trip to the house. There’s got to be a message I missed.”
Robin could not bring himself to argue, despite the risk of rousing fresh suspicion from the neighbors or, worse, the police. But an early evening walk down the Bowery made the risk all too apparent to Neil as well, in the form of a familiar motorcar parked at the curb. Though the lights atop the car didn’t flash as before, Robin found the sight unsettling. Still, Neil was reluctant to leave, until an hour wasted at the nearby cafe proved the police would not vacate the property any time soon.
The light rain continued to taunt them all the way back to the apartment. There, Neil lit up the canvas to display the weather forecast, the sound shut off while he sat slumped with his telephone to his ear. When he at last laid down the telephone, his face was so grave, Robin could not stay silent. “What is it?”
“Too many damned messages.” Neil leaned forward, elbows on his knees, and rubbed his hands over his face. “Susan’s roommate, Jen. She got back in town to find the police searching the place. She wants to know what’s going on. Susan’s friends are calling. The police have contacted her boss and want him to come in for questioning. There was another news story about Joe and I guess they mentioned Susan, too. Everyone wants to check up on me. They want details.” Neil dropped back and looked at him with exasperation that only partly dimmed the deeper worry. “What the hell am I supposed to do?”
“You’ll want to get some coal oil, for one.” Robin set the lamp on the table. “As for the rest...” He sat beside Neil. “You can only tell everyone that Susan’s disappeared and you don’t know where she is, but you’re confident she’ll be found. True enough, on the face of it, and you’ll—”
“Protect history,” Neil finished, with note of contempt that startled Robin.
“Well, yes. But I meant to say you’ll find her and no doubt Mr. McGowan and all will be well. I know I’m an additional worry and I can’t remedy that. If there’s some way I may help—”
“One thing at a time. I need to tackle these phone calls.”
Neil rose abruptly, withdrawing to his room. When low conversation followed, words unintelligible but tone crystal clear, Robin departed for his own room. Since arriving, he’d not felt more out of place. It was singularly vexing to be of so little use, when in truth the trouble Neil and Susan faced was as much his doing as Joe’s.
Neil’s dread at having to tell friends about Susan’s disappearance—how starkly it had shone. And there seemed no way to spare him further grief in the days ahead. Even if a storm should come, their destination remained a game of chance. That Susan had landed near his own time hinted at some consistency in the process, but Robin was hesitant to hope.
“If there was just something I could do.”
The second bed had been turned into an out-of-the-way corner to gather things Neil thought necessary for their journey. The satchel lay open, items spilling onto the blanket, and Robin took uneasy note of the knife lying among them. Granted, the Bowery he knew was a neighborhood in which one went advisedly armed, but he’d seen no sign of altercations in this Bowery. Not even so much as a disagreement in the street.
Modern New York, on the whole, seemed remarkably well-behaved.
Robin picked up the knife. Neil might be handy with a weapon, but some instinct told Robin he was not altogether prepared for what he might find in the past. That required greater vigilance, at least until they’d found their way out of the Bowery and into quieter haunts. Greater vigilance and a little extra protection. Robin bent down and groped around under the bed until he found the gun—Victor’s gun—still lying where he’d hidden it that first night.
He tucked it into the satchel so it would not be forgotten and picked up the pocket watch Neil had left by the bedside. He took it from the pouch to find it was in remarkable condition, considering its age. It had lain too long unwound and probably needed an adjustment or two, but he lacked the tools and he was reluctant to disturb Neil. Winding the watch, he returned it to the pouch and occupied himself with browsing the bookshelves, until his stomach reminded him he’d not eaten in a while. If he had the funds...
Perhaps he did. The card Neil made frequent use of lay on the kitchen counter, still wrapped in the bill of sale from the antique shop. It would be a simple matter to fetch supper and spare Neil the trouble. He was surely hungry, too.
Finding paper and something with which to write, Robin quickly figured out the mechanism that brought the pen nib from its hiding place. With a note written and left beside Neil’s keys, Robin slipped out and made his way downstairs.
At the street door, he stopped, a little breathless, his stomach churning with something besides hunger. Manhattan hovered over him, impossibly immense. Crossing the street, which had seemed easy enough when viewed from the apartment window, now looked a more daunting prospect. Motorcars surged past, one after another, keeping him at the curb several minutes, until he dared dash across. Midway, another car appeared out of nowhere and blew past him with a terrible bellow that made him jump.
He bounded the remaining distance to the sidewalk and stood trying to catch his breath. He didn’t relish undertaking that a second time, but it was a trick at which he might need to become proficient. He could only be glad Neil hadn’t witnessed it. The rebuke, he imagined, would be swift and heartfelt.
Stepping into the restaurant, Robin stopped again, disconcerted by the sudden drop in temperature. It was another thing to which he was not yet accustomed, though he liked it. And he was not the only one. Customers filled every table. Perusing the menu, he decided on the most familiar item—chicken—and as the clerk took down the order, reminded himself that the prices stirred alarm in him, alone.
Still, it was with some hesitancy he turned over Neil’s card. “May I use this to pay?”
“If you want.” The clerk, a gray-haired gentleman with the scent of tobacco heavy around him, took the card and turned away, apparently to take down the numbers. When he turned back, he dropped a scrap of paper on the counter. “Sign.”
It appeared to be a warrant of payment. Robin set his name on it and handed it back to the clerk, who glanced at it and laughed. “Looks like my old man’s signature...” He trailed off and a sharper gaze took Robin in. “That’s not the name on your card, buddy. Got an I.D.?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“You aren’t Neil Lennox.”
“No—”
“He know you have his card?”
“Well, not precisely—”
“So you were just borrowing it?”
The sardonic note gave Robin pause. “I’m lodging with Mr. Lennox, at present. Perhaps you know him? He lives just across the road.”
“I don’t know him. Or you. But I’m thinking the cops might.”
“My motives are aboveboard, I assure you. You may ring up Mr. Lennox, yourself, and he will attest to it.”
“Yeah? You got Mr. Lennox’s number?”
The clerk clearly suspected a ruse—and Robin could not reassure the man. He had no idea how to reach Neil by telephone. “Ring up Central. They’ll assist you.”
The clerk stared at him most peculiarly. “Yeah, I’ll do that. You just wait right here.”
Uneasy, Robin acquiesced. Behind him stood a growing line of people waiting to pay and if they suspected he might be up to no good, they knew it for a certainty when the street door opened and the clerk reappeared with a policeman in tow. Blood running cold in his veins, Robin clung to an outward calm. “I’m not quite sure what I’ve done, unless you mean to accuse me of stealing from Mr. Lennox. And if that’s the case—”
“Sir, I’m going to ask you to step outside.” Though his smile was genial, there was no mistaking the officer’s tone. “We don’t want to disrupt Mr. Walker’s business any longer than we have to.”
He had Neil’s card and the paper Robin had signed. “Are you arresting me?”
“I just want a word with you, sir. Please step outside.”
Delivered from the curious stares of the restaurant patrons, Robin felt no better on the sidewalk, under the eyes of Neil’s neighbors. “A word with Mr. Lennox would resolve this, if you’d just permit me to run across for him. Or come with me,” Robin amended as the officer’s gaze narrowed. “I didn’t intend to deceive Mr. Walker, I promise you.”
“Is this your signature?”
“It is.”
“You want to tell me why you signed your own name on someone else’s card?”
“Mr. Walker allowed that I might.”
“He said you could sign your name on Neil Lennox’s card?”
It occurred to Robin he might have been the one to misunderstand. “Now that I think on it, he may have mistaken me for Mr. Lennox.”
“Can I see your identification, sir?”
“Will a calling card suit?”
The question provoked a more decided narrowing of the officer’s already disapproving gaze. “Do you have any identification, Mr. Winfield?”
“He has no identification.” Neil sidled between two parked cars and hopped onto the curb. His scowl putting the policeman’s to shame, he plucked the calling card from Robin’s hand. “No identification, no consideration, no grasp of the principles of risk management, and apparently not even the first glimmer of common sense.”
The policeman shifted a dubious gaze from Neil to Robin. “Your friend seems a little upset with you.”
“It’s a good thing you told him.” His comment directed at the officer, Neil’s attention stayed on Robin with a look that could cut glass. “I’m not so sure he can figure that out on his own.” He turned to fishing something out of his wallet. “I’m Neil Lennox, by the way. That’s my credit card you’ve got there.” He handed the officer another card, the one with the unflattering likeness.
The policeman barely glanced at it before handing it back. “Did you authorize Mr. Winfield’s use of your card?”
“Well...” Neil leaned in, voice lowered. “Mr. Winfield has been, shall we say, only recently let loose into the world at large. In his current mental state, he still requires a lot of supervision. If you could just...”
“I’ll release him.” The officer did not seem convinced of the soundness of that notion. “You’d better keep a closer eye on him. And your credit cards.”
“I assure you I won’t let him out of my sight again.” Neil’s glance at Robin gave weight to the promise. He said nothing else, and when the officer dismissed them, did not lead the way across the street, but farther down, to a noisy corner restaurant. Not until they were settled in a booth did Neil pin a probing gaze back on him. “Are you all right?”
It was not the dressing-down Robin expected. “Apart from feeling stupendously foolish...”
One corner of Neil’s mouth lifted, though the green gleam remained sharp. “Stupendously. Yeah, that’ll work. You know, if you were hungry, you could’ve just mentioned it.”
“I thought I might bring something for us both and spare you the trouble. You were rather—engaged.” Robin regretted the reminder when Neil slumped back, frowning. “I’m sorry. It must have been very difficult.”
Neil let out a weary breath. “It wasn’t fun. They’re all in shock. Worse, they’re worried about me.”
“Why is that worse?”
“I don’t know.” Neil folded his arms on the table and rested his head on them. “Because I lied to them,” he said, voice muffled.
Robin set a hand on his arm. “Susan is missing.”
“Yeah.” Neil sat up, drawing his hands back to his sides. “This whole thing is insane. You here, Susan there, all of us dependent on an old Bowery dump that shouldn’t still be in one piece, and we have to sit around, just waiting, and there’s never a damned thunderstorm when you need one. Or a waitress.” He gave the restaurant’s kitchen an irritated glance. “I don’t think I want to sit here anymore. Let’s walk. We’ll get some take-out.”
Glad to trade the restaurant’s din for the relative calm of the street, Robin fell into step beside him, expecting Neil’s restive chatter to continue. But Neil stayed quiet, so quiet that Robin could not keep from interrupting his thoughts. “Would you like to go back to the house to see if the police have gone?”
“Not this early. Let’s go see if we can find some coal oil.” The trace of a smile lightened his face. “First, something to eat.”
In the cool interior of a quieter establishment, they passed the wait for a table by falling into a discussion about the house’s history, which led, inevitably, to the lost journal.
“Was the journal filled? From start to finish?”
“Now that I think of it, there were some blank pages at the end of the book. But the notes did not leave off suddenly, if that’s what you’re wondering. A good number of pages were filled with equations. Nothing unusual,” Robin added before Neil could ask. “Equations detailing science experiments of the most ordinary kind.”
“The guy who disappeared, you think it was the same guy who wrote the journal?”
“I’m convinced of it.”
“So where did he go? And why didn’t he make it back?”
“It’s not inconceivable the fellow was too enchanted with the future to give it up.”
“Yeah. Why do I have a feeling he isn’t the only one?”
“I’m not suggesting I would do the same.”
“But you don’t hate the idea.”
Robin bit back a further evasion, since Neil saw past it to the truth. “The possibility is not without its appeal.”
“What about the people who’ll miss you? Family. Friends. The horde of cousins—”
“Scattered to the winds. I’ve not kept up with them, nor they with me. Friends may miss me...” Robin shook his head. “I keep too much to myself, I suppose.”
“You’ve got reason. But you don’t belong here.” Neil let out a breath as if a reluctant admission were forthcoming. “Despite that, you’re doing all right. So—maybe Susan is, too.”
“The lack of a message may well indicate she’s already jumped forward in time, to a point we’ve not yet reached.”
Neil’s gaze went distant, awe lurking in the green depths. “Susan, loose on society ten years from now—fifty years from now...” He seemed genuinely disturbed. “She already spends most of her waking hours on a tear about the death knell of craftsmanship in a neo-eclectic wasteland. I hope she’s still in the past. It’s a whole lot less likely she’ll be assaulting anyone with pastrami on rye.”
“Assaulting with... I beg your pardon?”
Neil’s lips twitched. “Back when she was still cuffing herself to gates. She was nineteen, I think. Joe tried to force her out and I guess she hit him with her lunch. That got her two nights in jail on a disorderly conduct charge.”
“Good heavens.”
“Yeah.” Neil grinned. “She never really developed our dad’s talent for bullshitting—er, charming people into doing anything he wanted. She had to improvise.”
“That surely didn’t serve her well.”
“No. But I don’t think Susan knew what would serve her, right then. Dad...” Neil went quiet, his gaze averted. After a long minute, he drew a breath. “That was about four months after he died. Dad was Susan’s hero. They used to protest demolitions together. I always figured getting arrested was her way of honoring Dad’s memory.”
It seemed somehow wrong to smile at that, but Robin couldn’t help it. “You joined the protests?”
“Oh, there was no keeping up with Dad and Susan. Especially Dad. The city was one big playground, as far as he was concerned. The more we explored, the farther he wanted to go. Susan liked the adventure a little more than I did.” Neil’s mouth twisted, not quite eclipsing his own smile. “I hope she’s still seeing it that way.”
Subsequent tales of past adventures in Susan’s company took them through a brief hunt around the neighborhood for coal oil, by which time Neil seemed in a far cheerier frame of mind. Robin accompanied him back to the Bowery, though he knew they would not discover any more messages. If that was as clear to Neil, he was slow to acknowledge it. He gave the entire room a thorough scrutiny and at last turned away, only to wander aimlessly. In the warm, oppressive quiet, he let out a soft laugh.
“If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes...” He half-turned, the lamp in his hand throwing light around as aimlessly. “If she hadn’t vanished right in front of me, I would’ve figured it was some kind of set-up. Maybe someone was trying to get rid of Joe, and Susan got in the way. Or maybe Joe was...” He shook his head. “No, I guess not. The guy’s an ass, but he’s probably not a murderer.”
“Neil—”
“I might even think you were in on it, somehow. That someone paid you to hide the real story. The sane story.” The circle of light from Neil’s lamp fell on him. “The accent, the good manners, the bad haircut, the tweedy, clueless impossibility of you...” He punctuated the inventory with a humorless snort. “You know, I still might believe it, if only you weren’t right at home in that get-up, and so damned self-assured, though you don’t know the first thing about anything.”
That was cutting, even for Neil. Robin studied him warily. “You aren’t going to kiss me again?”
Surprise flashed in Neil’s eyes, only to give way to glittering scorn. “You wish.” He went past, lamplight diminished to a pale spill on the floor in front of him, but Robin caught the shadowed half-smile. Neil didn’t seem to find every aspect of the situation amiss; although he, too, apparently deemed it wiser for the two of them to stay at arm’s length.
Letting the retort go unanswered, Robin followed him out, noticing only after stepping into the corridor that his lamp had caught some new sparkle. He swung the light back toward the base of the door and something sparkled again, a small something lodged between the door and the wall. Bending, he eased two fingers under the edge of the rough wood and tried to pluck the object out.
Neil leaned down, adding his light to Robin’s. “What is it?”
“I don’t know.”
“Be careful. I don’t want to have to take you for a tetanus shot.”
“A tetanus shot?” Robin grimaced. “I find myself reluctant to ask—”
“Vaccination,” Neil said with a laugh.
“Oh. Well, I’m quite careful.”
“Yeah, assertion in the present tense noted.”
Robin could not resist a reproving glance. “I will remind you I’ve not come to any real harm.”
Neil looked unimpressed. “Over-confidence goeth before a fall. Let’s continue to be careful, shall we?” He reached down. “Let me—”
“I think I’ve got it.” And so he had. Some sort of gem, by the feel of it. He lifted it to the light and despite the layer of grime, it gleamed a pale yellow. “Where in the world do you think this came from...” The shock in Neil’s face surprised him and he found himself whispering. “What’s the matter?”
Neil couldn’t seem to reply. He took the gem from Robin’s palm as if for closer inspection, but his fingers curled around it and he turned away, leaning, to Robin’s alarm, against the stair rail. Robin pulled him firmly back a step. “It belongs to Susan?”
“Dad gave it to her. She was eight. That was right after...” The trenchant edge in his voice was gone, exposing his grief. “Just a piece of old quartz, but you’d think it was a diamond, the way she took care of it, wore it every day. Dad called it her little bit of sunshine. God knew she needed it.” He let out an audible breath, barely controlled. “She sure as hell wouldn’t give it up.”
“It may have only fallen from its setting. You mustn’t let yourself think...” The bright glint in Neil’s eyes made all too clear the pointlessness of that admonition. Robin eased an arm around his shoulders. “We should go. You won’t shed your worries in this gloom.”
Neil shook his head. “I want to look around. There may be other clues—”
“They are better sought in daylight.” Robin turned him toward the stairs. “We’ll come back tomorrow. We can manage it with remarkable efficiency, if you’ll recall.”
Neil’s smile seemed grudging, but genuine. Still, the ride home was quiet and, once there, Neil offered a distracted good-night and disappeared again into his room. He was a man too much in the habit of facing the world on his own; a way of life not entirely unfamiliar, Robin had to admit.
Reluctant to intrude on his private grief, Robin settled on the sofa and picked up a book with little hope of losing himself in it. He woke, disoriented, to a hand on his shoulder. Neil was a shadowy form outlined by the first gray colors of dawn through the blinds. “A storm’s due in the next couple of hours. We’ll grab a quick breakfast on the way.”
With rather more efficiency than Robin had anticipated, Neil allowed him fifteen minutes to ready himself before dragging him down to a waiting taxi. Through the rain-slicked window, Robin gave the apartment building a last look. Neil was right. He didn’t belong here. But his time in this titanic, gleaming New York seemed suddenly all too brief. He took in the passing view with hungry eyes, but that was the more superficial interest, he knew, when at last they turned onto the Bowery.
Bidding farewell to the city, itself, would not be the deeper regret, when all was said and done.
Chapter Thirteen
Victor had lived up to his promise to protect the house. It was locked tight. Frustrated after the long, tiring walk, Joe briefly debated smashing a window to get in. He didn’t want to sleep in the place. It gave him the creeps. Still, it was better than sleeping on the sidewalk.
Problem was, he’d most likely end up sleeping in jail. After walking away from Victor’s, he’d felt momentary relief that he wasn’t already stuck behind bars. Then it occurred to him Victor hadn’t had him arrested probably because explaining the situation to the police would have been too humiliating. But Victor had been looking for any reason to disbelieve, and Joe had stupidly handed one right over.
Along the Bowery in his own time were seedy shelters that had, he knew, existed as far back as the nineteenth century. But just where they were, he hadn’t the first idea. Saloons and restaurants poured enough light into the street to nearly simulate daylight, and the girders of the elevated track boxed the whole thing in like some sort of open-air mall in industrial grunge chic. A crowd as rough around the edges choked the entire breadth of the sidewalk, but even from the road, the tantalizing odor of roasting meat reached him. He had to get some dinner, but he didn’t suppose he’d find a pawnshop still open. Barter might get him a cheap meal, but first he had to make sure he had anything worth trading.
The one thing he had that would get him a little cash was the sterling silver card case his dad had given him after graduation. He’d seldom carried cards in it. Even now, he recalled, it was filled with gum. Other than the card case and a wallet full of useless bills and credit cards, he had a gold-plated tie clip and Susan’s old key. He also had her handbag, which was most likely a trove of worthless, sentimental junk. If he sorted through it for things to pawn, she wouldn’t be too thrilled. But he couldn’t help her out of her mess if he stayed trapped in one, himself.
Finding an empty table in one of the less crowded saloons, he went through his own pockets first, then began a methodical search through the handbag. Beneath a wallet stuffed with more photographs than credit cards, a dead cell phone, a dozen pens and a four-year-old day planner, peanut butter crackers, and—predictably—a grubby old doorknob, he uncovered an amethyst bracelet and a handful of coins so ancient, his heart rose. Susan’s penchant for the past was going to provide him bed and board. For tonight, anyway.
After making short work of beer, potatoes, and sausage, he splurged on a twenty-five-cent room above the saloon and, locking himself in, tried to sleep. It became an exercise in futility as he continually woke, to lie mesmerized by the laughter and chatter from downstairs, upstairs, the street... From every damned direction. In the early hours, exhaustion won out and he didn’t wake again till nearly noon. His last dime went to a late breakfast, making it all the more imperative to track down a pawnshop.
It didn’t take long to find one, but he spent the better part of an hour waiting in line while clerks gathered possessions from the crowd ahead of him, to store them in the already well-stocked hive behind the counter. A good number of the customers were children—come, Joe suspected, at the command of parents who were probably uncomfortable at the thought of being seen in a pawnshop. Though some carried trinkets, others had brought clothes and bedding to pledge. A few were dressed in rags not much cleaner than what they were offering. The handful of customers who appeared well-to-do came in seemingly empty-handed, until they reached the counter, whereupon a watch, ring, or bracelet was invariably produced.
It was all much the same, the uneasiness and desperation, the quiet pleading. The clerks remained detached in the face of it, handing over claim ticket and cash before proceeding to the next in line with no apparent prickling of conscience or regret.
Both emotions swamped Joe as he laid the card case on the counter. He didn’t think he’d had any sentimental attachment to the thing. He felt no better when the clerk surprised him by agreeing to the amount he asked for. He pocketed the bills, hoping he’d have the opportunity to claim the case before he left the nineteenth century behind.
Whether he would leave the nineteenth century behind... That was a question he had to face. He was fairly confident of finding work, but he didn’t relish the idea of living out his days, dealing with a half-civilized civilization. Victor was too ignorant and shortsighted to make good use of time travel, even if he had access to it. The man wouldn’t even entertain the idea that Joe’s interest in rescuing Susan was centered solely on whether she was concealing knowledge of the house and its workings.
Victor’s assumption that there was more going on.... Joe had to laugh at the thought. For one, Susan wasn’t anything like the women he dated. She had none of the glamour or sophistication that might make her a darling of the press. She was neither tall nor what could be called willowy—though, granted, her quiet, almost old-fashioned sense of style suited her curves. She wore her hair, straight and soft, to her shoulders, and her eyes were as ordinary a brown. They might have an appealing light when she smiled, a likeable warmth, but she’d never directed a smile at him. Not a friendly one, anyway.
Maybe she’d hate him a little less if he broke her out of the loony bin. At least there’d be one other person in this miserable world he knew, someone he could make sense of—although Susan was sometimes as much of a challenge, in that regard. But she surely wanted to go home by now. They’d need each other, if they were going to find the way back.
His walk up the Bowery led him to Third Avenue and the Department of Charities and Correction. He’d dealt with his share of government employees and Mr. Mortonson was as earnest and exasperating as they came. And apparently unavoidable, Joe discovered after walking in to find the man in residence, providing grave solace to a group of female visitors all garbed in black. The charities side of the equation, Joe presumed, unless they all had husbands shut up in the prison.
Reluctant to interrupt, Joe turned back to the long hallway to find some place to wait.
“Mr. McGowan!”
Mortonson had spotted him. Turning back to apologize for the intrusion, Joe tried to suppress a laugh at the sight of Mortonson sprinting away from the tea table in obvious relief. “I can wait—”
“No need. No need.” Mortonson drew him into the hallway, out of the earshot of the tea party, and into another office, this one crowded with wooden file cabinets. “Most unfortunate that I missed you yesterday, sir. Do send my most fervent regrets to Mr. McGowan, won’t you? I’m afraid I erred in stopping by so unexpectedly. He seemed quite put out.”
“You don’t know the half of it.” Joe let some of his disgust seep through. “Why in the world you had to go over there—”
“I beg your pardon, sir, but you did request an expedited permit.” Mortonson had opened a drawer and extracted a slip of paper. “Mr. McGowan would not accept it.” He grimaced as if he could recall every word of Victor’s invective. “I did not explain myself adequately, I suppose. I do hope you were able to clarify the matter.”
“I think he’s as clear on things as he’s liable to get.” Joe scanned the document, its stamp and signature, with eager eyes. He’d expected to be turned down flat, but Victor’s taciturn nature had worked, this once, to his advantage. “Mr. Mortonson, I apologize for ever doubting you or your department.” He grabbed the man’s hand to shake it. “Thank you. I’ll put in a good word for you with Victor, next time I see him.” An unlikely occurrence, but it seemed to cheer Mortonson up.
“Splendid, sir. Splendid. I do hope your visit to the island is pleasant and uneventful.”
Joe fully expected it would be neither. A permit might get him into Blackwell’s, but it wouldn’t free Miss Lennox. That process would involve doctors and courts, and he didn’t have the influence he had back home, even with the McGowan name. No, he had to expedite that process, too—and he realized belatedly that the pawnshop would provide the means to do it.
Chapter Fourteen
Sleep had eluded her, not because of the clammy sheets and roving insects but more the ever-present, grinding ache in her gut. She drifted off again and again, waking to darkness until she doubted the sun would rise at all. She thought about getting up to find her way to the kitchen—before remembering the nurse had locked the dormitory door.
Not that she might have tried it, otherwise. Her muscles wouldn’t cooperate and her mind seemed as sluggish, registering the night-time activity in the asylum with horror numbed by her own misery. The march of heavy boots up and down the hall went on with clockwork constancy, as did the opening, closing—and locking—of doors. From time to time, screaming broke out, shouts inevitably following as the nurses grouped to bring the situation under control.
The first few times the noise woke her, she lay in confusion until she remembered where she was. Thereafter, she heard it with a detached sense, her thoughts surging ahead to the hours when she could escape the clamor and the darkness that amplified it. Sooner or later, the sun would rise and there would be light, warmth—and breakfast. And no matter what it looked like, she would eat it.
When she woke again, the black-blanketed beds were visible, standing from one stark white wall to another. Beyond the groans of her fellow inmates waking, she heard a nurse, with officious false cheer, rousing patients across the hall. She wanted to hear cars on the road, her neighbor’s television, an airplane overhead—sounds that should’ve been present as she woke.
The past persisted. Boots marched to her bedside and something dropped onto the blanket, weighty but soft. She peered through slitted eyes to confirm it was nothing more than a pile of clothes. On the other side of the iron rail at the bed’s foot towered Miss Brant, as grim and contemptuous as ever. Perhaps false cheer wasn’t such a bad thing.
Susan struggled to sit up. “Those aren’t my clothes.”
“You’ll find them to your liking quick enough.” Miss Brant yanked away the sheet and blanket, and the cold cut through Susan, a vivid reminder of the icy bath the night before. “I’ll be back for you in two minutes. Dawdle and it will be a long wait till dinner.”
Left to gather the scattered clothes, Susan got up—and when the room swam, sat back down. Lying on her side, she leaned off the bed to snatch up the gown, a cheap cotton thing that looked and smelled like it had been scrubbed with harsh detergent one too many times. The black leather shoes were as worn, yet managed to be more uncomfortable than the heels she’d arrived in.
That discomfort receded to the background with her inadvertent discovery that Miss Brant had left the dormitory door unlocked.
It was too easy, of course. Miss Brant was testing her. But Susan knew the way out. If she had a good headstart...
Every door along the hall was shut and, she assumed, locked. Fearful a nurse would appear, Susan broke into a run. At the landing, she didn’t hesitate. Down the stairs she went, light-headed from the hope and terror battling it out in her gut. Once she was out, she would race to the river and swim for it.
She flew down the main corridor to the alcove—and there, her heart went into her throat. At the doors leading out, Mary Woodley waited, flanked by two attendants and a smugly beaming Miss Brant.
Miss Woodley had apparently used up her own ration of good humor for the morning. “You will not be leaving, Miss Lennox, until you are well. I suggest you expend time and energy thinking on how you may cooperate to that end. Miss Brant, if you will escort her.”
Shaken, Susan resorted to Neil’s favorite tactic. “I was only trying to find the bathroom. Really, I had no idea wandering around isn’t permitted. I haven’t even been here twenty-four hours. And it’s not like you’ve got all the rules posted somewhere—”
“Enough. You’ve a quick tongue, but I’ve dealt with the lies of diseased minds for ten years. Be warned. I have no patience for falsehoods.”
Perfecting Neil’s innocent routine would require more practice. “All right. Let’s be honest. I don’t belong here, and I think you know it. I want to talk to a doctor, administrator, whoever’s in charge. Not one person since my arrest has allowed me to really defend myself. You just continue to jump to conclusions, all of which are erroneous.”
To her surprise, Miss Woodley nodded. “Miss Brant will take you to where you may wait for the doctor.”
“Hold on,” Susan began as Miss Brant approached. “I haven’t had any breakfast.”
“One of the nurses will bring you something.”
Sensing that was the best deal she would wrangle, Susan followed warily as Miss Brant led the way back upstairs and into a room occupied by only a bed in the corner. The open window left the place an ice box. “This isn’t an exam room—”
The door shut behind her and Miss Brant turned the key in the lock. Despite Susan’s growing conviction she was heading into another cage, the abruptness of it sparked new anxiety. She went to the door and beat a fist against it. “At least bring me something to eat! For God’s sake.”
She wanted to pound at the door until someone who would listen showed up to get her out. But the nausea rolling through her brought on a deeper fatigue and she had to sit. A fog had settled over her and though she was aware of it, she couldn’t shake it. Her thoughts kept breaking into fragments and drifting away. Would she forget she belonged in a world other than this one? If she did... If she lost herself and began to believe she belonged here...
She got gingerly to her feet. The light-headedness persisted, but she was as uneasy sitting as standing and she had to see something besides white walls and locked doors. She had to remind herself where she was. And where she wasn’t.
On tiptoe, she could see over the ledge, into the trees some yards away. It wasn’t enough. She climbed onto the bed and grabbed on to the icy window bars, looking past them to the shoreline, impossibly distant. Manhattan might as well have been enclosed in glass, its grimy streets obscured by flurries of glittering snow. Ever-changing streets full of history half-written and history upcoming, all of which she knew.
Still she was at history’s mercy.
Was this life for her in the nineteenth century? An existence that revolved around waiting for rescue? She gripped the iron bars, twisting and pulling—uselessly, as they held firm. Spent, she rested her head on her chilled forearm and closed her eyes. Patients had to be dropping like flies under such maltreatment. She might last longer than most, but a good case of the sniffles would eventually carry her off, too.
Closing the window, she sank onto the bed and pulled the blanket around her shoulders. She would make use of the wait by preparing for every archaic argument a nineteenth century doctor could dream up. And she’d rest a little, so she was clear-headed when he did appear.
“Miss Lennox?”
Susan opened her eyes, only to shut them against a glare of light thrust too close to her face. Conscious of a quiet conversation going on somewhere beyond the light, she tried to untangle herself from the blanket. Stiff muscles complicated the effort, and as a hand reached out to ostensibly assist her, she pushed herself back against the wall and sat up, drawing her legs under her. Her stomach was a hollow ache and her head throbbed in sympathy. It took effort to lift her gaze and squint in the direction of the voices. “What time is it?”
The shadows had lengthened and the light came from the lantern Miss Brant held. The day was gone, slept away. Susan shivered. The cold had seeped into her brain as well. She couldn’t fight the lethargy blanketing her thoughts.
“How are we this evening?” The voice, deep, male, and genuinely kind, startled her.
“Hungry.” It came out stronger—and angrier—than she thought she could manage. She shielded her eyes and peered past the light. He was dark-haired, clean cut, and attractive—and judging by his flirtatious smile, he knew it. “You’re a doctor?”
“Yes, indeed. I understand you’re having some trouble adjusting to your surroundings. Take heart, my girl. I feel confident you’ll show yourself to be one of our more curable cases.”
“Have you considered maybe I’m not sick at all?”
“You’re not the first patient to offer a medical opinion on her own health,” he said, smiling. “But I think we’re rather more qualified to judge that, don’t you?”
“You’re not the first doctor so sure a patient’s opinion is irrelevant.” She kept it mild, reluctant to push him into a defensive posture. “All I ask is a fair hearing. Is that unreasonable?”
Miss Brant was scowling, but the doctor didn’t see it. He laid a gentle hand on Susan’s shoulder. “Confide as you wish. In fact, I encourage you.”
Hope stirred. “You’re diagnosing me as insane, but the only evidence you have to back that up is the word of two men who stand to benefit from my incarceration and a couple of doctors who formed their opinions without ever really talking to me. I may have left home a little—precipitately—and I may be a little shaky on the date, but I’m entirely capable of taking care of myself. Or returning home on my own,” she added anxiously. “If you would just...” The nausea was back and the bed had decided to start rocking beneath her. Susan closed her eyes. “Do you think I could have something to eat?”
“Ah, you’ve missed your dinner, haven’t you?” The doctor rose and Susan looked up at him in alarm.
“Don’t go—”
“Miss Brant will attend your needs. I’ll see you again soon.”
“Tell me you’ll consider what I’ve said.” Susan started to her feet and the room spun with frightening suddenness. The doctor’s grip, firm on her arms, set her back down.
“Miss Brant, if you will have supper brought, I think it will go some way in improving Miss Lennox’s outlook.”
The man was an unbreachable wall of gallant good cheer. But he was the only one she had a hope of reaching. “When will you be back?”
The doctor chuckled as he turned to Miss Brant. “We’ve a persistent young lady on our hands.”
Susan sank down to the cold pillow. She was at their mercy until she’d regained her strength. From the look on Miss Brant’s face as the doctor left, mercy was in shorter supply than anything else in Blackwell’s.
The door closed and Miss Brant thrust the lantern blindingly close, forcing Susan to shield her eyes; but she could not shut out the whisper, as close and harsh. “I won’t be treated like a servant. You’ll have no supper and if you want your breakfast, you’ll be up at a respectable hour and downstairs with the others.”
“At least give me something to drink.” Susan forced herself to squint past the light to meet the hostile stare. “Unless you’re trying to kill me...” No, she wasn’t going to die alone, in a world where no one, apart from Joe McGowan, knew who she was. She couldn’t. This was a nightmare and would end as nightmares ended. She’d wake, and the asylum would disappear as if it had never existed. Miss Brant would disappear. Her judgmental gaze, the pinch of her mouth, the bitter heat in her voice—gone.
Even fear could be dulled by exhaustion, it seemed. Susan gave in to an unexpected desire to laugh. “I’ll outlive you by two hundred years.”
Miss Brant’s lips parted, her brows drawing together. “You are mad.” She stood, taking up the lantern. “Destined for the Lodge, I’ll wager. And I’ll be glad to have done with you.”
The heavy scrape of the key in the lock had an urgent quality, but Susan didn’t ponder it for long. With Miss Brant’s departure, a softer light remained, the last rays of evening, and sleep beckoned. It wasn’t a natural sleep, but she welcomed it. It might come with dreams of home.
Morning brought another nurse, one with little to say as she hauled Susan out of bed and permitted her to lean on a plump shoulder until they’d reached the bathroom. To Susan’s relief, no bath awaited her. Allowed to wash her face and hands, she was then ordered to sit while an attendant combed her hair with no particular gentleness and tied it back. She felt little better, but trailed the line of women downstairs in an agony of anticipation that kept her up and moving.
Breakfast was the same cold tea and black bread, with the enticing addition of lumpy oatmeal. The other patients spooned it up with the bread, but Susan left her bread in the tea to soften while she tried the oatmeal. Afraid she would make herself sick, she ate slowly, one arm shielding her bowl from too-interested parties around her. The oatmeal, flavorless but for a trace of molasses, stuck in her throat more than once, but it was more palatable than the bread—so stale she had to tear it to tiny pieces to get it down.
The bitter tea went after it and her stomach was still protesting when a nurse prodded her to her feet and sent her over to the already crowded benches. She found Dorothy, who immediately made room for her. “Were you ill?”
It startled Susan to realize anyone had noticed her absence. “Is that what they told you?”
“They didn’t tell us a thing. They never do. But if anyone goes missing, ‘tis likely they’re upstairs, sick.”
“I wasn’t feeling well, but that’s not the reason I was locked up. I tried to walk out.”
Dorothy’s eyes widened. “You tried to run away?”
“I tried to escape,” Susan said flatly. “If I’d been more careful, I would’ve made it.”
“And ride the ferry back, I suppose?”
“I could swim it—”
“Don’t be foolish. Them that’s tried are brought back, either here or to the deadhouse. Wait a bit,” she suggested. “Your family may come for you, once they’ve learnt you’re here.”
“My family’s not going to find me.” Susan had no doubt Neil was trying, but she couldn’t wait. “They do let us outside once in a while, don’t they?”
“If the weather’s fair, we take some exercise.” Dorothy’s voice dropped. “Work comes first.”
“Work?”
Dorothy’s mouth twisted ruefully. “You don’t think they keep this place so clean?”
A line of nurses had come in the door. In their brass-buttoned, brown-and-white-striped dresses and their starched caps and aprons, they looked like antique dolls—but for the grim faces they presented as they positioned themselves before their charges. At Miss Woodley’s entrance, everyone rose. Dorothy, standing, shook her head as Susan began to rise. “Beg off, if you ain’t fit.”
“It can’t be any worse than sitting here all day.” And if by some chance the work was outdoors...
“Susan Lennox.” Miss Woodley’s disapproval rang in every syllable. “Upstairs, I think, where we can keep a strict eye on you. Miss Brant, you may choose the rest at your discretion.”
Miss Brant called forward two elderly women and, after a moment’s hesitation, Elizabeth. Not a robust group. The work was likely light. Envious glances their way only confirmed Susan’s suspicion. The trek upstairs was tiring, but with something in her stomach, bearable.
If Elizabeth had seemed in another world the day before, today she was living in this one, with all its ugly corners. As they made the beds, more than one beetle turned up from under the blankets and she swatted them away before smoothing down the sheet. Impressive for a girl who hadn’t been brought up to clean house, and Susan felt certain Elizabeth hadn’t.
“You’ve been here a while.”
The comment invited response, but Elizabeth barely glanced at her before moving on to the next bed. Susan followed. “I know you’re sane. As sane as Dorothy. As sane as I am.”
Elizabeth seemed determine to pretend she was alone in the room. As she smoothed the blanket, Susan leaned across and caught her hand. “Who put you in here? A relative? Your husband?”
An apprehensive gaze met hers. “Leave me alone.”
Startled, Susan let go. “Elizabeth, you’ve been here long enough for calluses. And the doctors haven’t yet judged you sane. Doesn’t that tell you something?”
Elizabeth’s glance dropped to her hands and a spasm of grief crossed her features; one, Susan sensed, that had little to do with her callused palms. Leaving the last bed unmade, Elizabeth fled back to Miss Brant as if she believed she’d find greater refuge there. Worried that the girl might share their conversation with the nurse, Susan half-heartedly finished the bed on her own. But Miss Brant showed no more than her usual animosity when she thrust a mop and pail into Susan’s hands and shut her in the bathroom with the others.
It wasn’t long before Susan was leaning on the mop rather than pushing it—and she wasn’t the only one. She knew now why no one put up any kind of fight against such terrible treatment. She wouldn’t instigate any rebellions, herself, when she could barely stand for more than ten minutes without wanting to lie down.
Elizabeth seemed even wearier. Back in the cold dining hall, she sat huddled on a bench, head drooping, and Susan had a bad feeling she was falling ill.
“Elizabeth?” She leaned over, to see the girl holding something in her cupped palms. One of the older women cleaning the windows that morning had come across an autumn leaf and tucked it in her sleeve. An eccentric thing to do, Susan had thought, until it occurred to her that even a leaf might be a treasure to someone who had nothing else in the world.
Elizabeth had been cleaning windows, too. Curious, Susan leaned closer. “Can I see?”
Her gently teasing tone was barely loud enough to carry, but enough to startle Elizabeth, who dropped what she was holding; a photograph, which fluttered to the floor. Susan rescued it, only to hesitate in handing it back. The clear-cut features and thick dark hair of the man in the photo reminded her of someone... Victor McGowan, she realized with a little shock. But someone else, too. Someone with a personable gaze and good-humored lift of the lips. Qualities she hadn’t seen in Victor.
She tilted the photo toward the light for a clearer look, and abruptly her wrist was seized and wrenched upward. Miss Brant plucked the photograph from her hand. “What’s this?”
Afraid the photo would be consigned to the nearest trash can if it remained in Miss Brant’s paws, Susan snatched it away and hid it behind her back, hoping Elizabeth would take the hint. Elizabeth did, just before Miss Brant dragged Susan’s arm out from behind her. “Open your hand.”
Susan obligingly revealed an empty palm. “I guess you’re out of luck.”
“You’ll be wishing for better luck, yourself. We have rules. Idle chatter is not permitted—”
“How do you define idle? For all you know, we may have been discussing something of vital importance.”
Miss Brant’s gaze narrowed. “What would you have to talk about of any importance?”
“Well, since you ask...” Susan refused to react to the grip tightening around her wrist. “We were taking a vote on which nurse is least likely to mind her own damned business.” Her smile was as congenial as she could craft it. “Guess who won?”
That sparked gasps and a half-stifled titter—from Dorothy, Susan thought. Miss Brant’s grip bit deeper. “That was a locket miniature you had in your hand. I want to know where you come by it.”
Susan stared at her in amazement. “I assume you’ve already confiscated the locket. Why on earth would you want the miniature?”
“Patients are allowed no possessions unaccounted for. Where did it come from?”
“I picked it up off the floor.”
“And passed it off to someone. Who?”
“I’m pretty sure I dropped it. Maybe if you crawl around on the floor, you’ll—” Susan stifled a gasp as Miss Brant twisted her arm up behind her back. A frightened murmur rose from the benches, alerting the nurses at the corner table gossiping over tea and cake.
But Miss Brant didn’t require assistance. She turned Susan to face the dining table as attendants came in, pushing kitchen carts. “Move a step...” Her voice, at Susan’s shoulder, felt too close. “One step and you’ll be on your way to the Lodge by dawn.”
The setting out of bowls and plates roused the patients and they shuffled uneasily past Miss Brant to take a place at the table. The familiar soup was ladled, bread passed around, a serving of each left in the bowl directly in front of Susan. A shriveled potato and bare mouthful of beef finished the meal. It was no more enticing than usual, but she could have eaten every crumb.
“A pity to miss your dinner.” Contempt curdled Miss Brant’s amusement. “The cooks don’t trouble themselves at the Lodge, not for patients who’d just as soon devour the rats—or each other.” Her voice dropped further. “Think you’re clever, don’t you? You wouldn’t live the night.”
The wisest response seemed no response at all. Susan kept her gaze forward, trying to find some comfort in the thought that her meal would not go uneaten. Someone would take it, someone even hungrier than she. The occasional uneasy backward glance in her direction testified to that. She’d gained enough sympathy to make them hesitate, but hunger would win out.
Even Dorothy, across the table, seemed tempted. Susan met her rueful gaze and nodded, giving her permission. But when someone else reached for Susan’s bread, Elizabeth, sitting beside the empty place, glanced up and made a protesting sound.
That spurred Dorothy, who glared at the poor old woman. “Leave it.”
Sick with guilt, Susan dropped her gaze, not wanting to encourage further effort on her behalf. The painful awareness that she shouldn’t even be there remained uppermost in her mind. She could not genuinely befriend anyone, but she seemed to be doing it, anyway.
When the nurses came in to gather up their work details, Susan’s meal lay still untouched. Any surprise on Miss Brant’s part was hidden behind a sour smile. “Your dinner’s gone cold, Miss Lennox. Guess you won’t be wanting it?”
Susan bit back a remark about hot meals and the notable lack of them. “I don’t care if it’s cold.”
“No?” Miss Brant went to the table and picked up the potato. Suddenly she tossed it and Susan caught it—just barely, to the woman’s further amusement. “You’d better eat quick, then. You’ve work to do.”
Susan couldn’t stuff down the meal fast enough to suit her. Ordered from the table, she took the bread and followed Miss Brant along an unfamiliar route to a far corner of the building, into a low-ceilinged room made even less attractive by water pipes running along the walls. Above a row of laundry sinks, a single window let in a little sun, enough to bring out the mold spreading from damp corners and the numerous puddles standing everywhere Susan stepped. She was about to experience the legendary misery of nineteenth century washday firsthand, it seemed.
Through the door opposite came a woman bearing a basketful of sheets in muscular arms. Wet apron flapping, she hoisted her basket onto a table before she turned to Miss Brant. “Another one? And this one no bigger.” She looked Susan up and down. “What the devil am I to do with her?”
“Put her to work. Just have a care. She’ll run if she can.”
The woman—head laundress, apparently—blew out an irritated breath. “Take a basket and come with me.” She marched ahead, leaving Susan little choice but to scoop up a basket and follow. Into a courtyard they went, where row upon row of sheets billowed in the afternoon breeze. Though the clotheslines were walled in, a gate across the yard offered a tantalizing glimpse of the river. A gate securely locked, Susan was sure.
“Take down the sheets, but no more than you can carry. You muddy them and you’ll wash them. I won’t be blamed for your carelessness.”
Susan set down the basket, casting a furtive glance around. There seemed no other exit besides the gate, but it would do if she could only get hold of the key. Everyone on the staff kept a ring of keys on a thick green cord tied at the waist. The keys were guarded so attentively, she had a better shot at picking the gate’s lock. She’d have to wait to see if anyone used the gate. That required only one unattended moment...
A shadow loomed against the sheet and Susan stepped back, startled. Nimble fingers snatched away the clothes peg and a corner of the sheet dropped to reveal Elizabeth, red-cheeked with exertion, her hair falling loose around her face. She met Susan’s eyes for a bare instant before grabbing up her basket and moving to the next row.
Snatching up her own basket, Susan hurried after her. “Elizabeth...” The girl was unpinning sheets as fast as she could. “Elizabeth, I want to apologize. They didn’t take the photograph from you?”
Elizabeth caught a handle of her basket and began to drag it along the grass, pulling down the sheet as she went. Susan seized the other handle, straightening as Elizabeth did. “I just want to apologize. You don’t know how sorry I am.”
Elizabeth let go of the basket and stepped back. Her eyes gleamed, but not with fear. She seemed to be struggling to speak.
In the face of that, Susan found it no easier. “Elizabeth...” An apology wasn’t enough. “Can you tell me who confiscated it? Maybe there’s a way I can get it back—”
“Who are you?”
The anguished question stopped Susan dead. Had she done something so out of the ordinary that Elizabeth could tell she was out of place? How out of place could one be in an insane asylum? “I don’t know what you mean. I’m a patient here, a prisoner, the same as you—”
“I’ve tried to remember.” Elizabeth’s voice was as soft, but trembling. “Did he send you? Is that how you found me?”
“He?”
Elizabeth’s brow furrowed. “Victor,” she said, as if Susan should be expected to know.
Disquiet swept like a cold breath down Susan’s spine. There were probably hundreds of Victors in Manhattan. “Not—Victor McGowan?”
Elizabeth’s tensed features calmed, all but her set mouth. “He did send you. Why? Does he want to be sure I’ve gone mad?”
“Oh, Jesus—” Susan silenced herself too late, but Elizabeth didn’t even flinch. “Elizabeth, I wasn’t looking for you. I didn’t even know you existed. You aren’t... God, you aren’t his wife?”
The pale brows drew back together. “You know no more of me than I of you. And yet she stands before me, down to the very way you smile.”
“She?”
Elizabeth’s eyes brightened, tears slipping. “My Aunt Eliza.”
Susan kept her tone quiet and even. “You can’t know me, Elizabeth. I’ve come from somewhere far away—”
“Has he come with you?”
“Who? Victor?”
“Stephen.”
Elizabeth’s bewilderment was contagious. “Stephen? I don’t know—”
“My uncle. Stephen Lennox.”
Susan’s heart ballooned, pushing every drop of air from her lungs. It was coincidence. That’s all it could be. Nothing more. She tried to gather her scattered thoughts, though she was shaking at the premonition of where they might lead. It simply couldn’t be, but—she had to know. “Stephen Lennox. He disappeared?”
“This last summer.” The tears Elizabeth brushed away were swiftly and silently replaced. “We had no word for weeks. Victor told the police Stephen and Father had fought. It wasn’t true! But the police would listen only to him, and now...” She bowed her head, overcome.
Susan didn’t want to push, but it was unbearable to know only part of it. “You’re not Victor’s wife?”
“My aunt.” Elizabeth’s voice shook. “She was Victor’s wife.”
“Was?”
“She died the year after they were wed.”
That might explain a thing or two about Victor. “Are you familiar with the house on the Bowery?”
Elizabeth lifted her tear-streaked face, her mouth still a tense line despite the new bewilderment in her eyes. “Of course. My grandfather was born there.”
That cold sensation, back again, up Susan’s spine. “Stephen was living there when he disappeared?”
“Heavens, no. But the house was in his name.”
“What did he do there?”
Curiosity mingled with bewilderment. “Did you know him?”
“I thought I did.” Susan couldn’t grasp it. A million little mysteries, all a part of her childhood, she’d only occasionally questioned, even after her father died and she’d been the one to go through his belongings. Those mysteries were yielding to a possibility she wanted to resist.
But Elizabeth’s eyes shone with a hope that, Susan sensed, had not been there in a very long time. Her touch on Susan’s arm was tentative, as if she feared Susan might disappear, too. “Do you know where he is?”
The laundress appeared at the far end of the clothesline and glared in their direction. Susan reached up hastily for the sheet. “Look busy,” she whispered, jerking her head in the woman’s direction. “Soon as she’s gone, I’ve got the most incredible tale to tell you.”
And what a hell of a place to tell it.
Chapter Fifteen
Neil leaned against the copper mesh standing between him and the real world and watched as the setting sun cast a golden light over clouds wrung dry. He wanted nothing more than to walk out of the miserable little house and never look back. Rain had fallen from dawn till near dusk, but the intermittent bouts of lightning hadn’t been enough to move him back a century—or even forward an hour, to spare him the endless wait.
Dog-tired, he wanted to grouse. But what should have been a rotten day hadn’t been all that bad. If the rain had been a constant presence, so had Robin, by turns annoyingly cheerful or exasperated and impatient, depending on what he appeared to think was called for. Once the early morning storm had settled into a steady rain, weariness hit Neil, and Robin’s suggestion to bring a blanket to spread on the floor turned out to be a good one.
When the storm worsened, Robin had wakened him. Robin had known he’d want to be awake for the transition, if a transition came. They’d spent the afternoon discussing, like a pair of tourists, where to stay and what to do to locate Susan. The conversation had inadvertently brought to light details of Robin’s life—a life divided messily in half—that made Neil only more curious about him.
But it was something Robin seemed reluctant to talk about, so Neil concentrated instead on the practical and, producing an old deck of cards, taught him to play gin. Steering the conversation into safer waters, he shared the ups and downs of his first few years of teaching, encouraging Robin to do the same. At least it seemed like safer waters, until he found Robin eyeing him quizzically.
“What?”
“You’ve talked a good deal about your work, but nothing of...” Robin hesitated. “Well, you’ve had no callers since my arrival, though it seems courtship is rather less clandestine these days. You’ve mentioned no one in particular—”
“No one to mention. In particular.”
“No?” Robin’s gaze dropped, but the faint frown on his lips wasn’t, Neil sensed, meant for the cards in his hand. “Why not?”
Neil decided to lob that ball back as matter-of-factly. “Any reason you’re so interested in my lack of gentleman callers?”
Robin looked at him, a gleam of fascination unconcealed. “I suppose I thought you might take advantage of the freedom to keep company with whom you like.”
“Just because I can doesn’t mean I will.” A lame response, but he wasn’t about to feel guilty for what Robin might have endured a hundred years ago. “Your turn—” He cleared his throat. “Draw a card.”
Robin drew. “Don’t you...” He met Neil’s gaze again, the fascination only partly damped. Or softened by something else. “You don’t get rather lonesome?”
“I’ve kept company with my share of gentlemen,” Neil said, unable to suppress a trace of sarcasm. “Being lonesome now and then isn’t so bad.”
“Until it becomes habit.” Robin laid down his cards. “I believe that makes three games in a row.”
“You didn’t say ‘gin’.” Neil tossed his cards beside Robin’s. “And when was the last time you were out on a date?”
Robin’s brow creased. “Out on a...”
“The last time you went to dinner with someone you were interested in?”
“Oh.” Robin met his glance as if the answer was one to which he didn’t want to admit. Wariness crept into the blue eyes and it occurred to Neil it was a reaction he inspired in a lot of people. Guys, in particular.
“Forget I asked. Just taking into account the logistics in your day—” He shook his head. “It’s not a fair comparison.”
Before Robin could pursue that line of thought, Neil got up and went to the window. Night was close at hand and God knew when it would rain again. God knew as well whether Susan was safe or in some kind of trouble. Knowing Susan, himself, he figured it was probably the latter. He glanced skyward, at the fading light silhouetting the buildings across the road. “How about a little help?”
Robin, who’d joined him, looked askance. “Are you praying for rain?”
Neil exhaled a weary laugh. “No, just one good thunderbolt.”
Robin’s smile was as tired. “I don’t doubt your ability to provoke divine retribution, but this may call for blasphemy beyond even your considerable expertise.”
“Is that a challenge?”
“More an observation.”
“You aren’t asking for evidence to the contrary?”
Robin snorted. “I’ll admit to my share of foolish decisions, but that—” He couldn’t seem to hold back a smile. 
“Some scientist you are.” Neil turned from the window and took rueful note of the rumpled blanket, scattered cards, and cookie crumbs. He wanted a decent meal and a good night’s sleep. And some time away from the grim surroundings. As a method of travel, it did beat sitting for hours on a delayed flight—just not by much.
But over the course of their trek back to more familiar territory, Neil’s desire for a bright, noisy restaurant gave way to a preference for somewhere quiet, where he and Robin could continue their earlier conversations. He was getting used to Robin’s way of shifting from gentle to caustic to unflappably confident. He’d miss it. The realization struck him on the way back to the apartment, deflating his raised spirits. It had been a while since he’d had more than two dates in a row with the same guy. It took too long to click with people. Or maybe he’d never been very eager to wade into deeper waters.
Maybe he was clicking with Robin because he knew it had no more chance of lasting than any relationship he’d had. Playing it safe could become a habit, too. And falling hopelessly in love... There wasn’t much in life more dangerous.
Especially with someone who had no recent record of existence, he concluded, after checking his phone messages. Things could get a little dicey when the police were involved.
“What’s wrong?” Robin stood in the bedroom doorway, regarding him uneasily. Neil hesitated, not sure whether to share the latest. But Robin seemed to be developing a sixth sense where he was concerned.
Shutting down the phone, Neil waved him in and moved over to give him room to sit. “You know that nice man we had a little chat with at the police station? He’d like to have another little chat with us tomorrow. Both of us.”
“Has he come to consider us suspects?”
“He didn’t say so, but that’s generally how these things go. I wouldn’t worry over it so much, but there’s a problem—”
“Me.”
Neil yielded to a little smile at Robin’s self-directed annoyance. “Not so much you as your lack of a past.” He leaned elbows on his knees and rested his chin in his hands. He’d pondered what to do if the police decided to include him and, by association, Robin, in their investigation—and he’d always come to the same conclusion. If he couldn’t explain Robin, the only choice was to get rid of him.
Noting the troubled shine in the blue eyes, Neil knew the worry there was not solely self-directed. He sat up, blowing out a long breath, and put on an apologetic smile that mocked the more familiar one he’d resorted to in the past.
“We’re going to have to break up.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“It’s a thing couples do when they don’t want to be a couple anymore.”
Robin raised an eyebrow. “But we’re not—”
“No, but the police think otherwise. I’ll tell them we fought, broke up, and you stomped off without leaving a forwarding address. I’m sure they assumed you’re an out-of-towner, with that hint of Old World in your accent. They’ll have fun trying to find you and that may buy us a little time.”
Robin did not seem convinced. “Where will I be?”
“Tomorrow, I’ll move you into an out-of-the-way, cheap hotel—no, better, I’ll give you a list of hotels to pick from. It’s safer if I don’t know exactly where you are.” As much as the idea bothered the hell out of him. “You’ll have to stay there until the next storm and meet me at the house when it starts. You think you can handle that?”
“Of course.” That worry, lingering. “Can you?”
The question shouldn’t have surprised him. And he shouldn’t have let on that it did. “Sure...” He couldn’t even take refuge in a flippant tone, not when he had to impress upon Robin the need for vigilance. “I can, just as long as you follow my instructions to the letter, all right?”
Robin’s concern seemed to vanish, a reassuring confidence taking over. “To the letter.”
“Good.” Neil exhaled and sagged forward, elbows back on knees. “I’m sorry to do this to you. If I’d been a little smarter about handling the whole thing, we probably could have avoided it.” He combed his fingers through his hair. He was beat, more than he’d realized. “We should probably go over any problems you might run into—” He glanced at Robin. “You tired?”
Robin nodded. “But I think we’ll sleep better if we attend this.”
It was a suggestion made purely for his benefit, Neil sensed, but Robin was right. His mind wouldn’t quit racing until he could shake the feeling he was tossing a lamb into a den of wolves. “All right. First off, don’t worry about the cost of things. I don’t want you to starve yourself because the prices seem high.”
“I would be quite content at a modest hotel on the American plan, if that’s what you have in mind.”
Neil broke into a laugh. “Hotels all have restaurants and most have room service. Just order what you like and don’t worry about it. I’ve got money set aside for emergencies and I think this counts.” He checked a sigh, afraid he’d only make Robin feel worse. They still had so much to go over, so many small details—and no matter how thorough he was, Robin could still end up in trouble. He didn’t like it. But it was a little late to hop a bus to Canada.
“Neil.” A hand fell firmly on his shoulder. “I will lead a regimented existence until the next storm. I’ll not go wandering and I won’t open my door to anyone, save you. I shall be hermit-like in my habits, stay indoors and read—if you will permit me to take a few books—and dine at the hotel as lavishly as your funds permit. Will that ease your mind?”
The sigh slipped out, carrying with it more of Neil’s worry than he’d thought possible. “I know it seems like I don’t have enough faith in other people to look after themselves—”
“You don’t. But in my case, I rather think it’s justified. All I can offer is my cooperation. You may trust I’ll behave as if you were at my side, admonishing my every step with the unshakable conviction that no one could possibly judge the way forward as well as you.”
A smile tugged at Neil’s lips. “Is that supposed to make me feel better?”
Robin’s answering smile was sly. “Did it?”
Neil leaned toward him. “You are such a—”
Robin’s hand was already on the nape of his neck, drawing him nearer, and lips warm and confident on his chased the rest of the pronouncement from his thoughts. The kiss turned more demanding when Neil couldn’t keep from kissing him back. It was a damned revenge kiss, dashing any chance that the perfection of that first kiss was a fluke. He hadn’t felt this kind of hunger for anyone in a while.
It was enough to make him pull away. “Wait a minute...”
Robin only nodded, occupied momentarily with catching his breath, but the way he waited—still leaning forward, the need in his eyes as raw as the hope—made it impossible for Neil to think clearly. And one of them had to.
Damn it, anyway. He’d tried to be careful. From the moment his heart had reacted to the unspoken interest in those eyes, from the precise instant he’d connected Robin’s smile to the warmth curling through him, he’d retreated behind a very serviceable brick wall, the one which reliably had the bravest men running for the hills. He knew how to discourage. Hell, he’d raised it to an art form.
He should’ve remembered scientists had no respect for brick walls. And he couldn’t deny he was just as bad, trying to douse his own curiosity with that ill-advised kiss, only to find it wasn’t just curiosity—and whatever the hell it was would not be doused.
“Robin, I can’t go back. You can’t stay here. You’d better be sure.” Even as he said it, a growing wish for the wrong answer kept building.
The corner of Robin’s mouth curled with dark humor that did nothing to hide his desire. “One must take comfort and affection where one finds it.”
A philosophy born out of experience, clearly, and one which Neil was reluctant to refute. “That’s what this is? Comfort and affection?”
“What else?”
“Maybe a whole lot of regret.”
“Quite possibly.”
Neil snorted. “Fine time to be agreeable.”
Robin’s smile slipped away and he brushed a strand of hair from Neil’s eyes with disconcerting care. “I may be mistaken, but I don’t believe I’ve been kissed quite like that in my life.”
Neil opened his mouth to retort and came up with nothing, a development that alarmed him and left Robin looking altogether pleased. “Enough discussion to suit you?”
“Hold on a second. Did I just lose this argument?”
Exasperation in Robin’s laugh didn’t hide the fond note. With that, a third kiss was pretty much a done deal. Whether a fourth evolved from there, Neil couldn’t say. The third was still in progress when Robin’s fingers dropped to the buttons on his shirt, prompting a similar urgency on his part.
With the shedding of clothes went any suspicion that some sort of Victorian prudery might reveal itself. Robin seemed entirely comfortable with his own nudity and wholeheartedly inspired by Neil’s. They kissed, fumbling to learn by touch what they’d barely glimpsed at before falling on each other. Robin’s lips on his skin, the blond head close to his, the arm wrapped around him as if Robin couldn’t pull him close enough—it was impossibly good. If Robin had fallen into the habit of working fast, his touch was all confidence, honing in on a willing target.
Lost in the strength and heat of that hand on him, it was all Neil could do to resist yielding as fast. The man naked above him might have been any date he’d ever brought home. But it was Robin. When Neil came, gasping, in that sure grip, he knew it.
And he knew something else, besides. Losing an argument was something he could learn to live with.
At half past three, he should have been snoring in Robin’s ear as peacefully as Robin was, against his shoulder. In the room’s cool, he was warm and comfortable with Robin, as naked and apparently as comfortable, pressed against him.
It had been insane. Unreal. And goddamned fun. For two people separated by a whole lot of decades, they’d worked out a give and take with the flavor of their conversations, a lively tug-of-war that left them collapsed on the pile of bedclothes which had somehow ended up on the floor. Robin was a quiet comer, probably out of learned necessity, but he made up for it with a devouring kiss—as if the physical pleasure alone didn’t quite cut it. There was no doubt the added element of the unique situation, but Neil was just glad his current exhaustion was born of something other than worry.
What had hauled him to consciousness barely an hour after he’d fallen asleep insinuated itself into his disconnected thoughts with a flash of white light behind the shades, followed by a boom as startling.
It was raining.
No, it was fucking storming.
His heart beat as loud in his chest and he kicked away the sheet and blanket. “Robin...” He flailed one hand in Robin’s direction, coming into contact with a bare shoulder. “Come on, wake up. We’ve got to go.”
Robin looked at him in sleepy confusion. “Go?”
“To the house.” Neil snatched up the clothes they’d left scattered. “‘Drip, drip, drop, little April shower.’ Travel time. Literally, with any luck.”
Though they were dressed and out the door in five minutes, Neil was afraid to lose an instant. Every bolt from the gray was a cab to the past on its way without them. Unfortunately, regular cabs were nowhere to be found, so he led Robin on a race along rain-slicked pavements to the train entrance. With every thundering crash overhead, his heart seemed to speed up, his gut knotting a little tighter. It frightened him, the possibility that the time travel wouldn’t work.
But not as much as the possibility it would.
Rain fell so hard and fast, even the commodious umbrella couldn’t keep them dry. The damp clothes were a discomfort, but a minor one as Neil stepped back into the house. Intermittent lightning threw every cobweb and crumbling ornament into eerie relief. When the lightning gave out, darkness hung like shadows of the long dead pressing close—a stupid thing to imagine and he wished he hadn’t.
But Robin was with him, pressed as close. Lightning flashed and Neil swallowed hard. “Weird to realize this house was someone’s dream home, once.”
Though Robin seemed to sense the conversation served mainly as distraction, he played along. “It’s a wonder to me none of Victor’s descendants went against his wishes and sold the house.”
“They probably wanted to spend as little time in the neighborhood as possible.” Neil started up the stairs, disturbed by how easily he found his way around in the dark. Robin followed with the same assurance and they crossed from the real world into fantasyland with one too simple step.
“Think there’s any chance we’ll go forward instead of back?” Neil asked.
“If lightning bounces us between the start of the experiment and the destruction of the house, we’ll only go farther forward if the house remains standing. We’re limited, I suspect, not by the lightning’s strength but the life of the house.”
“So if the house is standing five hundred years from now—”
“We might be sent forward five hundred years. Does that seem plausible?”
“It seems insane but—sure, I’ll go with plausible until proven otherwise. I’ll also go with relieved. Knowing the developer mindset, I think Manhattan’ll be under a whole new pile of concrete in five hundred years.”
Lightning flashed, thunder rolling down as if it wanted to split the house apart. Neil heard Robin exhale and took comfort in knowing he wasn’t the only one who’d been holding his breath. The room itself stood unchanged. “So if we boomerang between 1888 and 2014, that means no real getting lost in history.” He threw Robin a tense smile. “Probably not a good thing for a teacher to admit, but I’ve grown pretty attached to my own time period. Not sure I’m ready to spend the rest of my days trying to find my way back to it.”
“You’ve a good deal to hold you here,” Robin said in the quiet between crashes.
With the flashlight upturned between them, Neil could see the somber set of Robin’s mouth, the wistfulness in his eyes. “You’re homesick. A little.”
Robin nodded. “I shouldn’t be so ready to seek out those ills I know not. Of course I’ll have to face the mess I’ve left, and Victor may well have me discharged when I’m no longer willing to be at his service. Either way, I’ll spend the rest of my days trying to find my way...” He shook his head. “Somewhere.”
Neil didn’t like that pensive air. “Did you know there’s a spot down in Venezuela where lightning storms go on for hours night after night for most of the days in the year?”
“Yes?” Robin moved nearer. Close enough to kiss. “You know, I can never be quite sure you’re telling me the truth or some fantastical tale. You’ve too much the advantage.”
Neil gave him a small grin. “You want the advantage for a while? Unless you think I’m one of those ills you know not.”
“Oh, I know precisely the sort of ill you are.” The smile Neil hoped for asserted itself and before he could kiss Robin, Robin kissed him. Lightning flooded the room again, giving it dimension, but he saw it only peripherally, the better portion of his awareness taken up with the way Robin’s arms had, in mid-kiss, snaked around him. He wanted to pull Robin down to the floor and send the dust bunnies flying. The boards rattled underfoot, the storm determined to reclaim his attention, and Neil ignored it. He did want to be lost, right here in the present, with Robin crushed close, kissing him for the next five hundred years.
Or—possibly—the last one hundred.
Darkness had given way to the dawn, a serene river gilding every surface of a room he’d first glimpsed in an unreal moment, days ago. The room with clean floors and intact wallpaper. The room he hadn’t really believed existed, until Susan disappeared.
Neil drew back, heart hammering, and sucked in a breath—a cold breath, as if he’d stepped out of the house and into a brisk spring morning. But it wasn’t spring. Or morning. Not in 2014.
Which was where he was supposed to be.
He met Robin’s gaze and saw the concern directed at him. A light touch settled on the back of his neck. “Are you all right?”
Neil snorted. “It’s not my first trip through time, you know.”
A gleam of amusement displaced the concern. “Yes, you’re an old hand at it. I suppose we should see...”
Robin looked toward the window, but made no move. Neil sent a bare glance in the same direction. Buildings, still standing. Good start. The weight of dread in his stomach, that was mere anticipation. “Yeah, okay. So—” He nudged Robin with an elbow. “Go look.”
Robin’s lips twitched, but he went readily to the window. Once there, he stayed quiet a little too long for Neil’s liking. “Home sweet home?”
“Well...” Robin was frowning. “We may have overshot.”
Now it was dread. “If there are dinosaurs out there, I don’t want to know.”
Smiling wryly, Robin beckoned. Neil hesitated another instant before clearing the space between them, hoping to feel braced for anything by the time he got there. He laid a hand on the screen—God, it was cold—and peered out. The world on the other side of the glass was an unfinished sketch of a familiar landscape. A sketch that moved, breathed, and lived so convincingly, he retreated in alarm. He couldn’t be pulled into that. He didn’t belong there. What if...
“Neil?”
Robin sounded as startled—though not by the city. Neil struggled for an explanation that didn’t seem insane. “It’s just... That’s not...”
“Possible?”
Neil shook his head. “How can I go out there? I’ll stand out. They’ll know—”
“They won’t.” Robin caught his hand and pulled him to the window. “This is your home. Just as your Manhattan is still, in some way, mine.”
It made more sense at the moment than anything else. Maybe he knew this Manhattan only from textbooks, but that was enough to tiptoe through it without upsetting the status quo. If the city was a work in progress—well, when wasn’t it? In the road below, people tramped back and forth, the usual proportion expressing annoyance with everything, human or otherwise, blocking the sidewalk. If the conveyances were slower, it wasn’t easy to tell, with traffic at its usual standstill. The buildings... Neil smiled. Susan must have been in raptures. She probably still was. His attention went to a woman across the road in the midst of an argument with a vendor and he couldn’t look away until he was sure it wasn’t her. He assumed she had come up with a way to dress like the natives...
“Wait a minute. What makes you so certain we overshot? Bustles aren’t the most subtle style in the history of fashion. Am I missing something?”
“The message.” Robin laid a hand on the wallpaper. “It’s not yet written.”
Somehow that disturbed Neil more than the thought of having to search Manhattan for her. “Well, if we just wait here—”
“We’ve no idea how long the wait might be. She may arrive next week or next year. Or possibly with the next storm.”
The last minute attempt to inject a little optimism made Neil smile. “I think I’ll feel better once we get our bearings. We can keep track of the date and eventually pinpoint the right year...” He hesitated. “You know, if this turns out to be close to home for you—”
“I want to see this through. You may as well give up trying to dissuade me.”
Neil grinned. “You’re falling for me, aren’t you.”
Robin’s lips flattened in a good-humored grimace. “You may trust I’m entirely capable of avoiding such folly.”
He was out the door and prowling around the generators before Neil recovered enough to join him. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I think your approach to relationships could use a little work.”
“Yes?” Robin knelt down to reach for something under the machine. “In what regard?”
“Well, I can safely state you’re the only guy who’s ever promised, with truly flattering confidence, no less, to avoid the apparently insidious risk of falling for me.”
“Perhaps you spared everyone the trouble by avoiding it first.” Robin climbed to his feet, a leather-bound book in one hand. “Falling for them, I mean.”
“I think you’re just sore because I broke up with you yesterday.” Neil reached for the book. “That’s not—”
“It is. And in better condition than I remember.” Robin handed it over. “The greater portion is in code, but I can translate it, if you like.”
Neil flipped through, stopping in the middle. “Not a fan of white space, is he.” Nearly every page was filled, overflowing into the margins with a mix of alphabet interspersed with symbols clearly invented by the author—though Neil recognized them as easily as the alphabet. “I know this code. Learned it when I was a kid.” He noticed Robin’s surprise. “My dad loved codes. He was always sharing them with us. I had no idea this one was so old.”
“You can still read it?”
“Sure. The handwriting’s a little familiar, too. Maybe the guy who wrote it left more journals or diaries behind. Journals that were published at some point.”
“I’ve no idea.”
“You never checked records? Tried to look him up?”
“I wasn’t prepared to cross Victor.”
Neil gave him a reassuring look. “I’m not sure it’s important, anyway. Whoever he was, he’s probably more lost than we are.” He flipped to the front of the journal, hoping for initials or at least a date. But the author was apparently invested in remaining unknown. Or he was just too absent-minded to care. “We’d better take this with us. And leave a note for Susan, in case she shows up while we’re out.”
Heading downstairs, Neil marveled at how cleaner and newer everything was. And yet that lonely feeling common to abandoned houses remained. Once a home, now just—waiting. Waiting for its end at the hands of a man who cared nothing for its history or its future potential.
Susan was right. Old places that had weathered the years so steadfastly deserved a little consideration or, at the very least, a dignified farewell. If he was being maudlin—well, he was starting to like the house. Maybe because, for better or worse, it was now so irrevocably tied up with his own fate.
At the door, he found his uneasiness had given way to heart-churning anticipation. He was in nineteenth century Manhattan, for God’s sake.
He turned a bright grin on Robin. “I’m the guest now, I know, but—what the hell. Breakfast is on me.”
Chapter Sixteen
Susan sat on the bricks beside the cast iron boiler, as much to rest as to soak up the fire’s heat. Funny, how water-logged clothes never stayed warm. For the first few hours, she’d tried to wring her apron and sleeves, but gave that up when it took all her energy to haul the baskets out to the line. In the growing chill of afternoon, she’d wanted nothing more than to drop beside the boiler and stay there until she found the strength to kick down the courtyard gate and make a desperate dash for the shore.
But that strength hadn’t come. Empty stomach, aching muscles, and goosefleshed skin conspired to keep her mind from focusing on any one thought, other than food and warmth, for long. The logistics of escape were beyond her, as was anything except watching out for the bog monster, as she and Elizabeth had come to refer to the damp, scowling creature in charge of the laundry.
Elizabeth. Susan smiled to herself, the one thing she could do effortlessly at the moment. Though there’d been a danger in telling Elizabeth the whole truth, she couldn’t have done differently, not with the girl believing Stephen was dead—or worse, that he’d left her to suffer at Victor’s hands. And Elizabeth, to her surprise, had taken the truth and embraced it, clearly willing to believe her uncle could perform such a miracle of science if it meant he might yet come to her rescue.
If Elizabeth’s own need hadn’t convinced her, Susan’s knowledge of Stephen seemed enough to shore up any doubts. It had been unreal, talking about the father she knew, while Elizabeth took in the information ravenously. Her father’s unknown past had always been accepted in her family as simply the way things were. The little he’d shared was, she and Neil had assumed, all he could remember. He’d never known the cause of the head injury that had put him in the Bowery Mission and in the care of the woman who would become his wife. Susan had always believed every effort had been made to find out where Stephen Lennox belonged.
Every effort that could have been made.
With Elizabeth’s eager questions, Susan’s own memories surfaced, only some of which she could share. She was losing him again, now to a past she’d never known about. If she told Elizabeth everything, what about him might still belong to her? If she was out of place in the past, had he not been as out of place in her time?
God, hadn’t he! And she’d hardly realized it through all those years. His gentle, courtly ways. His habit, according to Neil, of deferring to their mother, despite a tendency to set strict rules—especially for Susan. His constant yen to explore every nook and cranny of New York. His fascination with everything. It had all seemed, in her world, the mark of a fun, sometimes stern, sometimes exasperating father.
When Elizabeth began to share the man she knew, Susan had wanted to resist—until some need inside her bloomed and her own questions couldn’t be answered fast enough. The miserable hours spent washing, wringing, hanging, and folding went by with unexpected speed and at some point Susan realized something that frightened her. She couldn’t escape Blackwell’s and leave Elizabeth behind.
They’d have to escape together. How that was going to be done, she had no idea. Despite the uneasy feeling she might change history in some significant way, Susan could do nothing else. Not when her dad was depending on her to do what he hadn’t been able to, himself.
“Not overtaxing your ladyship, are we?”
Startled, Susan shot up—then grimaced at the ache spreading from her back and shoulders to every part of her. She swallowed the four-letter word that wanted to be said and took in the disagreeable sight of Miss Brant in the doorway. The woman had it in for her, to traipse all over the damned building just to torment her. “Coffee break,” Susan said with the sharpest of false cheer. “Minus the coffee, obviously. And anything resembling food for—oh, quite some time.”
Miss Brant’s prominent chin tilted, eyes narrowing. “Not being kept as you fancy, eh? Did you mock your last keeper and he threw you in the gutter for it?” Plucking a sheet from the stack Susan had folded, she shook it out and let it billow, cloud-like, before it drifted to the filthy puddle at her feet.
Susan choked on a tired laugh, even as her eyes burned. She’d had only a taste of her fellow inmates’ despair, their helplessness in the face of Miss Brant’s bullying, but it was enough to make her want to shake the woman until her teeth rattled. “This isn’t a hospital. And you’re sure as hell no nurse. Have you ever thought of treating us with some civility? That might earn you some back.”
If such an idea had occurred to Miss Brant, the cold pleasure in her eyes belied it. “There’s only one kindness left to do your sort.” Her grip closed with masculine strength around Susan’s wrist. “You’re not mad. Just wicked and spoiled. You amuse yourself by stirring up the others. Treat you with civility?” The hard light brightened. “You want a lesson in knowing your place.”
The slap was sudden, too sudden to avoid. Susan blindly staggered but didn’t fall, not with the vise around her wrist. Her jaw throbbed, pain traveling outward and down her neck. Miss Brant gave her no chance to test for broken bones. The woman’s grip tightened, jerking her upright, and in that instant came the memory of a burly, flushed-faced self-defense instructor shouting cheerfully in Susan’s ear. Scared or prepared?
Something in Susan took over, displacing panic, and she turned, rotating her wrist to break loose, and brought her heel down on Miss Brant’s instep. One heel down, one heel up... Her palm, heel forward, hit the fleshy chin and Miss Brant’s head jerked backward, the rest of her following, straight into the row of boilers. At the crack of her skull against the cast iron, Susan recoiled in horror. She reached out instinctively, but Miss Brant was already falling, already hitting the floor. Once there, she lay still, her hands slack and harmless, her bulky apron soaking up wash water.
Susan stared at her a disbelieving instant, willing some sign of life. If she had killed someone, even accidentally... She dropped beside the woman and pressed shaking fingers against her neck, feeling for a pulse. It was there, seeming strong despite the white face and lifeless form. 
“Is she dead?”
Nearly jolted out of her skin, Susan threw a glance back toward the courtyard door. Elizabeth, arms laden with a basket of towels, waited only a moment before setting it down and moving to Miss Brant’s side—not to check on her health but to take the ring of keys hanging from her belt.
Susan stared at her. “Elizabeth...”
“Help me.” Elizabeth rose and wrapped her slim hands around the shoulder straps of Miss Brant’s apron. “Under the table. The sheets will conceal her.”
“Wait a minute,” Susan gasped and grabbed her wrist.
Elizabeth didn’t pull away, but stared back, resolute. “There’s no hope of escaping the Lodge.” Her jaw tightened. “The sane who are locked up there are always the first to die.”
Dread coiling around her, Susan struggled to think. “I’m with you, but—”
“We can’t wait. Now help me.”
Their chance was slipping away. Rising, Susan got a grip on Miss Brant’s ankles and helped Elizabeth slide the dead weight across the floor. Elizabeth made quick work of draping dirty sheets over her. “Can you swim?”
Trying to shake off her shock, Susan nodded. “Can you?”
“Yes.” She was up and moving toward a cabinet between the tables. “When I was small, there was some sort of boat accident. So many people were drowned. So many women. It convinced Stephen I should learn to swim and, though Father was wary of the notion, they taught me.” As she tried key after key in the cabinet, she flashed a brief smile Susan’s way. “I imagine he taught you, too.”
Susan nodded again, dumbly. “What are you looking for? We’d better go—”
“Just one moment.” A key turned and Elizabeth flung wide the door. On the shelves inside were gowns, coats, boots... Civvies, Susan realized.
“Those are ours.”
“Yes, we clean all the clothing taken from new patients. The staff pawns it, I think. Or sells it.” Elizabeth pulled out a coat and handed it to Susan. “There’s a ferry at the shore. We’ll walk in that direction and the staff will take us for visitors on our way back to the city.”
“We can’t get aboard. The ferry won’t be leaving soon enough.”
“No, but sometimes workers leave boats at the shore.”
“If we don’t find one—”
“We must be ready to swim.”
The coat was too big, all the better to hide the plain calico, and the hood covered her recognizably short hair. “Do you want to distract the bog monster or shall I?”
Elizabeth was a grimly smiling shadow in a tattered gray cloak. She handed over the keys. “I’ll feign illness. That should keep her busy for a time. Best take this, too.”
She gave the cloak to Susan and slipped away into the yard. If she was shaking inside, too, she hid it beautifully. Susan tightened her grip on the keys until they bit into her palm. Easy enough it proved, to make her way through the maze of clotheslines to the gate. Faced with a brittle lock that looked like it wouldn’t give, even with the right key, she went cold under a crashing surge of fear. Miss Brant would wake and rouse every nurse and attendant in the place. Elizabeth might be sent to the Lodge. And she herself wouldn’t live long enough to worry about it, once she was at Miss Brant’s mercy.
If she could just keep her hands steady for five damned minutes... It was slowing her down, the effort to push each key in, fight against ages of disuse to test it, then pull it out and fish up the next on the ring. There had to be three dozen keys and the farther along the ring she got, the greater her worry that she’d given up on the right key too soon.
“Come on, damn it. Turn!”
The ragged gasp somehow infused her with new strength, and the key—with a protesting scrape—cooperated. “Please,” Susan whispered. “Don’t stick.” She pulled and the gate seemed as reluctant to yield, but not beyond it if she bent a shoulder to the task.
Dumping coat, cloak, and keys into the long grass, Susan bolted between two clotheslines, watching for shadows against the sheets as she went. An argument carried on in the middle of the yard and Susan peeked past a sheet to see the bad-tempered Boggy scowling at Elizabeth, who sat in the grass, clutching a knee with convincing distress. “It hurts!”
“Well, you’ll have to get up. I ain’t carrying you.”
“Won’t you find someone to help me?”
“I’ve got to finish this wash before the rain starts.”
Susan stepped out from behind the sheet. “Did someone call for help?”
Boggy shot a suspicious look her way. “If I wanted help, I wouldn’t ask it of you. Back to work with you.”
Susan smiled brightly at Elizabeth. “Trick knee, right? The best cure for that is to get up and walk around.” She bent, drawing a willing Elizabeth to her feet. “Just a five-minute walk, that’s all it takes, really. You’d be surprised.”
“I daresay.” Elizabeth leaned against her, lifting worried eyes, and Susan nodded. The girl was shaking and her hand found Susan’s, to hang on tight. “You’re so kind to help me.”
It was reassuring to know she wasn’t the only one scared to death. Susan raised her voice for Boggy’s benefit. “I’ll take you around the yard a couple of times and you’ll be ready to go back to work.”
When they were safely out of sight, Elizabeth gave up the limp and broke into a fast walk. She wanted to run, Susan knew, but they didn’t dare. At the back row of clotheslines, the gate was as she’d left it. A more determined pull gave her enough room to squeeze through, Elizabeth right behind. Once they’d dragged the gate back into place, Susan put on the coat. “We’ll have to start slow. Once we’re farther away, the trees will shield us and we can pick up the pace.”
In the weak sunlight, Manhattan lay, a series of squat buildings partly concealed by the endless flotilla of steamships and sailboats plugging along the shore. They would be a danger, those ships, but she couldn’t dwell on it. Fear bordering on panic already had hold of her, demanding too much strength to stay bottled long.
“You mustn’t look back,” Elizabeth whispered, as if she’d read Susan’s thoughts. “We’re too close. When we’re under the trees...”
“Have you swum in a river before?”
“We swam in a lake near the hotel where we spent our summers.”
“Then you don’t know what the current’s like. We’ll have to keep each other in sight and swim fast. Can you?” Even as she asked, Susan knew the answer. However strong-willed Elizabeth might be, the weeks she’d spent trapped indoors and under-nourished would leave her worn out before she reached Manhattan. Susan wasn’t any too confident she could manage the swim, herself. Clouds were closing in, the wind picking up, waves rising. An alternative had to be thought of.
The one that came to mind crushed her, heart and soul.
“Elizabeth...”
“The distance isn’t so very great.” An anxious gaze flickered her way. “I can do it.”
“We’re better off, taking a chance on the ferry. I’ll provide a distraction so you can get on board—”
“No,” Elizabeth gasped. “You must come with me.”
“Elizabeth, listen. I don’t know anyone in the city. You do. Go to someone you trust, a friend, anyone who can raise a fuss and get me out.” She was walking faster. They both were. “If you have to go to court, tell the judge—” But he’d been so convinced. Would he listen? “Tell him Victor’s found a convenient way to get rid of unwanted family, starting with you and ending with...”
Visitors came into view on the path closer to the shore. The threatening sky was proving the impetus she’d expected, but she hadn’t considered that some of the visitors might be escorted by staff. Passing everyone on the way to the shore would draw attention.
The first thing was to slow down, though it went against her overwhelming desire to run. “We have to time it so we reach the ferry at the tail end of the group. We may both have a chance to get aboard, but we’ll have to go separately and blend in with the crowd. If you lose track of me, don’t worry. Once you reach the city, go to the press, the police, and anyone else you can think of. It’s a newsworthy story. Just leave out the part about traveling in time. They might find that a bit of a stretch.”
Elizabeth nodded ruefully. “We’ll be back here in a twinkling if I share that tale. I’m not entirely convinced of it, myself.”
“I wasn’t either, at first. I’ve since been persuaded.” She scanned the road, her heart lifting despite their precarious position. In a rain as light as mist, visitors picked their way to shore with encouraging single-mindedness. All were shielded by hats and hoods, so she and Elizabeth stood out not at all as they fell into a more hurried gait along the carriage road. If by some miracle, they both got aboard—but no, she couldn’t risk that. It would only increase the likelihood of discovery. She would have to let herself be caught, preferably in the water. They would search the water for Elizabeth, too, and eventually assume she’d drowned. That would give Elizabeth time to make a get-away and find help.
It was a terrible plan.
“Elizabeth...” Susan motioned down the road. “Walk ahead, until you’re caught up to that last group, but be sure you lag behind them. Whatever I do, you must ignore. Your escape and mine depend on it. All right?”
The quiet admiration in the blue eyes reassured Susan. Elizabeth didn’t argue. She squeezed Susan’s hand and moved on at the brisk pace of a visitor concerned with being caught in the rain. In moments, she’d found an ideal place to hide, just a few feet behind two groups walking nearly abreast. Either group might mistake her for a party of the other, if they took notice of her at all.
Caught up in a little admiration of her own, Susan trailed farther and farther behind, determined to give Elizabeth the best chance of making it safely onto the ferry. She imagined stepping aboard, herself, and turning to watch the island recede as the boat took her one trip closer to home. And another quick trip could follow, for the sky promised more rain, possibly a storm. But she wouldn’t be aboard for either. Just as Elizabeth had to find the strength to seek help, she had to find the strength to stay behind. She did not even dare try to swim for it. That might delay the ferry crossing and expose the stowaway.
With Elizabeth moments away from boarding, the time had come to again channel Cool Hand Luke—or maybe Blanche DuBois—and distract not just the attendants at the ferry, but anyone looking down from the asylum windows. Susan threw back her hood and, abandoning the road, ran down the grassy slope toward the water. A shout from the direction of the ferry startled her, but she kept going, set on giving a head-turning performance. Rain as cold as the puddles underfoot stung her face and she braced herself for a chilling plunge, only to find her way blocked by one of the ambulance attendants—the one a little too fond of manhandling the patients.
She darted out of his reach and ran back up the slope. Better to be captured on the road, in full view of the visitors. It would give her a chance to see, too. If she knew Elizabeth had departed safely, she could face returning to that cold little cell.
A burst of speed took her up to the roadside, and the sight there made her wish she’d gone in any other direction; Miss Brant, white-faced, fists clenched, storming along while half a dozen nurses ran to keep up. Susan had no chance to strike out on another path. The huffing and puffing behind her turned into two strong arms that dragged her to the grass and held her until Miss Brant loomed overhead, bloodshot eyes radiating the rage that likely kept her standing, despite what had to be a pretty miserable concussion.
“Get her up.” Three words thick with promise. The attendant had barely gotten her on her feet before Miss Brant had hold of her in a grasp that wanted to break bones. “I knew you’d show your true nature, right enough, and that’s done you. I’ll have you transferred today—this minute—for the sake of the others in your ward.”
The attendant reclaimed her, crushing her arms to her chest, and Susan gasped for breath. She could’ve been on that boat, or even risking the choppy current with what strength she had left. Now she had to hold her own in the Lodge—if she could, with Miss Brant so intent on seeing her suffer. The nurse had appropriated a black bag from one of the nurses and was digging through it with frightening resolve. When she produced a syringe, Susan’s fragile courage broke under an ice-cold assault of fear. Her knees buckled and the attendant’s hold tightened. That jarred her into resisting.
“Keep her still,” Miss Brant ordered.
“She won’t be still.” The irritated rasp was loud in Susan’s ear. “Give it quick.”
Susan fought to catch her breath. She had to make her muscles work. She had to break loose. Conscious, she had a chance of surviving the night. Unconscious...
“Susan!”
At the shout, she gasped. That voice, it was one she knew... Oh, God, someone who knew her. She twisted, looking for him, but the sea of faces all belonged in the past. “I’m here—” Panic choked her. The sound couldn’t carry, not over the growing, chattering crowd. She struggled for breath enough to call out, and the arms imprisoning her fell away as if she’d wakened all at once from a nightmare. Other arms caught her, arms as strong, but they buoyed her. She lifted her face, blinking against the persistent rain. “Neil?”
Joe McGowan.
And not the Joe McGowan she knew. This one was rumpled, stubble-chinned, his jaw hard-set, and his gaze... She’d seen him angry, often at her. But this darkly burning fire was different. He seemed ready to make quick work of anyone who crossed him. She might believe he was angry on her behalf—but no, she knew better. She instinctively started to pull away and his grip tightened.
“They think we’re married. There was no other way to spring you.”
The words rode lightly on his breath, for her ears only. Married. He’d come to get her out by pretending to be her husband. And with all eyes upon her, she was staring at him as if she didn’t know him at all...
She caught his coat lapels and tugged, encouraging him closer. If he was startled, he didn’t show it, and she gave him no chance to speak. She wrapped her arms around him and hid her face against his shoulder. His arms encircled her with unsettling tenderness, as if he knew what she’d been through. It should have repulsed her. Maybe she was too numb and shaken to feel it.
It decidedly didn’t repulse him. He held her close, his cheek resting against her hair. “Susan, I’m sorry.”
It was a whisper so warm and weighted with remorse, she involuntarily nodded. But a deeper part of her resisted the apology. What was he sorry for? Years of fighting her efforts to protect the city’s history? Or just for nearly getting her killed?
She drew away and with some trepidation met his gaze, only to see him grin like a co-conspirator reveling in the subterfuge. “Ready to blow this nuthouse?”
Her throat tightened and she could only nod again. She was leaving Blackwell’s. Joe’s hand found hers and he held on, seeming aware of just how hard she was reeling from his sudden arrival. No one intervened, and she wondered at it—until Mary Woodley approached, eyes burning in a face stretched taut. She aimed that seething disapproval at Susan, though she spoke with cool cordiality to Joe.
“You’ve found her. Well and good. She’s quite set on leaving us, though in my opinion, she’s far from ready to be discharged. You’ll of course have to obtain permission to take her, so I suggest you return in a few days—”
“I’m not leaving without her.”
His resolve caught Susan off-guard. She knew he could be tough. He’d never shied from confrontation. But his voice felt as warm and shielding as the hand in hers. It gave her the strength to stare down Mary Woodley, who stood open-mouthed at his dissent.
“We do have rules, sir.” Miss Woodley dredged up the thinnest smile, one shaped to contain rather than express. “You will not remove a patient without a doctor’s permission. You may return for Miss Lennox—Mrs. McGowan—when that permission is given.”
They weren’t going to let her go. And if he left—no, he wouldn’t leave. She knew it in the grip of his hand and the way his shoulders squared with a strength of will she could not at the moment summon. “I think I’ll just be taking that permission, thanks. You haven’t played fair, so I won’t, either. Susan’s leaving, even if I have to haul her over my shoulder and swim back to town.”
Miss Woodley’s smile vanished, but Joe gave her no chance to argue. “I know the things that go on here. What you’re putting these people through. I know you’re starving them, beating them—” Horrified exclamations around Joe didn’t slow him down. “That’s all going to change. Don’t ask me how I know.” Joe’s smile was grim. “Just understand that Susan’s leaving with me and if you get in our way, I’ll give history a leg up, for better or worse, and put you all out of a job lightning-quick.”
No such flash brightened the overcast heavens, despite the falling rain. Its steady patter was a sound uninterrupted as Miss Woodley, gray-faced herself, stepped aside. The ambulance driver exclaimed in protest and started for Joe, but Miss Woodley’s stare brought him up short.
No one else objected, not even Miss Brant, as Susan, in the shelter of Joe’s arm, walked the few yards to the ferry and climbed on board. The boat rocked gently, welcomingly, and Susan let out a shaking breath. She didn’t look back until the boat was well on its way. The staff of Blackwell’s asylum stood on shore, watching the departing ferry with uniform disapproval and not a little apprehension, all but Miss Brant, who seemed to have something of a smile on her lips, as if she expected she’d be seeing Susan again.
But maybe that was just a trick of the growing distance between boat and shore, and the obscuring rain. It was only when the nurses seemed to be moving back toward the asylum that panic snuck up on her again. “If they telegraph Bellevue—”
“Let them. They’ll never find us.”
Something else rose in Susan’s veins, cutting loose the weight of weariness like so much unwanted ballast. “Us? Just when did this become you and me against the world? You put me in that hellhole to begin with—” She stopped herself, grimacing as the passengers still on deck moved away from her. She couldn’t be angry now. Besides, it was too exhausting. She wanted to just curl up and close her eyes. “You don’t have anything to eat, do you?”
Joe couldn’t seem to contain his smile. He slipped a hand into his coat pocket and came up with a candy bar, the one that had been in her carry-all. “Saved it for you. I guess you haven’t been eating too well.”
“We choked down some awful stuff...” New worry swift on the heels of remembrance sharpened Susan’s scattered thoughts. She turned and started for the stern, Joe close behind her. Along the starboard rail huddled the passengers who hadn’t gone below; heads bent against the drizzle, they threw furtive glances at Susan as she passed, but none spoke. In a shadowy corner, a cloaked figure waited alone, in an attitude not inviting approach. Susan moved toward her anyway, anxious, and the cowled head lifted, solemn face lighting with a relief Susan could feel like sunlight warm on the skin. Susan drew no nearer and Elizabeth stayed put, seeming aware of their precarious position. But she couldn’t seem to lose the smile nor let Susan from her sight. 
“Who is she?” Joe’s voice dropped to a whisper. “A patient?”
“Elizabeth Lennox. She’s—my cousin, I think.” Amazement crept up on her, as weary as she was. “It’s a long story. I’ll tell you once we’re safe.”
Not safe at home, but a little closer to it. As the ferry neared the docks that stretched like long fingers from Bellevue’s gates, Susan moved starboard in restless increments. Others had gathered in preparation for disembarking, some coming up from below. She knew Elizabeth was just behind her, but Susan kept turning nonetheless to keep track of her. Sick with dread that Miss Woodley had gotten word to Bellevue and meant to have them all arrested, Susan wanted to grab Elizabeth and spring off the boat at a run, never mind that she’d never been so tired and weak in her life.
“Susan.” There was a new urgency in Joe’s voice, but at her worried glance, he smiled reassuringly. “Just in case there’s trouble...” He peeled back a corner of his coat, giving her a glimpse of a revolver protruding from his pocket. “I thought you should know.”
Her blood ran colder, leaving her light-headed. She was going to throw up or pass out if she didn’t get off the ferry and find a place to lie down. As other passengers pressed closer, she got hold of Joe’s arm and looked around again for Elizabeth. The girl was slipping stealthily past the others in an effort to keep Susan in sight.
“What if—” Susan’s question was lost in the chatter as the ferry came alongside the dock and the passengers surged forward. Joe made an imposing and determined figure forging his own path to the gangway and Susan pushed through breathlessly to make sure she didn’t fall behind—though she had an uneasy feeling he’d carry her if she did.
As they passed the building where she’d spent the first miserable night after her arrest, Susan didn’t want to look at it—tried not to—but the row of dark, rain-slicked windows demanded a last glance. She was as helpless against the memory of that night, her hunger and sleeplessness, the endless hours spent shivering under two thin blankets, the haunting worry she’d never get free.
She wasn’t free yet. The hospital grounds swarmed with wagons, carriages, and considerable foot traffic; dark-suited doctors holding onto their hats, nurses in billowing aprons—and some unmistakable figures in blue. Fear she’d held in check surged against an insurmountable exhaustion. Her heart was a pulse that filled her ears, and she couldn’t pull in breath enough to calm it. Elizabeth—where? Just behind her, hurrying, hand outstretched as if rising panic had gotten hold of her, too.
Susan caught her hand to pull her along, but discovered quickly that Elizabeth was the one doing the pulling. That aid and the apprehension in Joe’s face spurred her into a near-run despite the dizzying tilt the world had taken on. The crowded path from the riverfront to the 26th Street gate was a minefield of officious figures with stern faces and sharp eyes. Someone would realize who she was and shout out to the police. She did her best to keep her head down, her eyes on the wet pavement, until the gatehouse was just yards away. In the bottleneck under the archway, no one would look at her twice.
No one except Dr. Chappell and dear old Nurse Oliver.
It seemed Miss Woodley had been successful in ratting her out. They were ready to toss a net over her before she reached the gate. Two policemen had joined them and appeared to be only awaiting Dr. Chappell’s order.
Susan caught the back of Joe’s coat, slowing him up. “The police—”
“I know. Stay close.” He slipped between her and Elizabeth. “We’ll be out of here toot sweet.”
Susan tightened her grip on his coat. “We can’t shoot our way out.”
“Not with one bullet, no.” He drew the gun as he spoke. “The beauty of it is...” He flashed her a grin. “We’re the only ones who know it.”
Under the dead weight of weariness bowing her shoulders and the steady ache gouging her insides, a deeper fear found life. If he pulled the gun and forced a path through the gates, the police would be in quick pursuit. She and Elizabeth would be locked up again, and so would Joe, in a place she had the feeling would be far worse than anything she’d endured so far.
As Dr. Chappell and Mrs. Oliver approached, Susan slipped her hand free of Joe’s and walked ahead before he could stop her. In the crush of visitors and staff heading out before the rain got any worse, she waited, swaying slightly as people brushed past her. When the doctor reached her, she preempted his admonition with her own.
“That asylum is a hellhole. Women starving, beaten, abused. The mismanagement is at a level beyond anything I’ve ever seen.”
Mrs. Oliver had joined him and the look she fixed on Susan promised treatment that would make Blackwell’s seem like a five-star resort. “Pay her no mind, Doctor. She’s telling the same lies, neat as you please. The same complaints she made the whole time she was here. Used to being kept and coddled, I guess. And I see she’s dragged that poor, foolish little girl along with her.”
Dr. Chappell barely glanced at Elizabeth before giving his attention to Joe. “Neither of these girls is in any fit condition to be discharged. Leave them in our care and they stand some chance of recovering. Take them and I assure you they’ll require more help than you can provide on your own.”
A number of visitors and some of the staff had slowed to follow the conversation. Escape was impossible. But if she cooperated with Dr. Chappell, Joe might yet find her a discharge through the proper channels. “We won’t return to the asylum. Our lives have been threatened,” Susan went on as Mrs. Oliver seemed poised to interrupt. “Neither of us would be safe. We’ll remain at Bellevue under Dr. Chappell’s care until Mr. McGowan—” She cleared her throat, avoiding Joe’s gaze. “Until my husband can appeal for a discharge for both of us. If he has the means to provide us better care, we’ve no reason to take up bed space here. Mrs. Oliver would be glad to be rid of me, anyway, since she as much said she considers me a malingerer.”
It was probably not the wisest dig, but Susan couldn’t keep from pointing out that at least one staff member at Bellevue did not believe her insane. Mrs. Oliver’s mouth took on a grimmer line, but she said nothing as Dr. Chappell ordered her to escort Susan and Elizabeth to the ward. Dread settled, cold and viscous, in Susan’s bones and she had to force herself to turn from the gate. She’d taken two steps after Mrs. Oliver when strong fingers caught her by the wrist and suddenly she was in Joe’s arms. The determination in his eyes startled, then alarmed her. “Don’t—”
“Can’t a man kiss his wife good-bye?”
He was up to something and she didn’t know whether to try to stop him. He drew closer and his lips brushed hers gently, briefly. “We’ve got a ride out of here,” he whispered. “Stick with me.”
“What? It’s too risky—”
“I’m not leaving you in that witch’s care. Grab Elizabeth.”
Susan had barely drawn breath to protest before he was pulling her along. He gave her an instant to catch hold of Elizabeth as his long stride took her through the thinning crowd to the threshold of the gatehouse—and Dr. Chappell, authoritative and immovable.
Joe gave the doctor even less opportunity to get a word out. Cutting a sure path through the crowd, he evaded both Chappell and the police. Focused on keeping her legs moving, Susan realized she’d left Bellevue behind. Not far enough behind, but she was out. She could run forever.
Where Joe was headed became apparent as they started across the road. In the midst of cabs, delivery wagons, and ambulances, a lone carriage waited on the opposite corner. Someone behind her—the police, she guessed—raised a shout and she glanced back to see them pushing impatiently through the crowd. The asylum’s attendants took even less care, shoving people out of the way in their determination to heed Dr. Chappell’s orders. Some in the crowd shoved back, but more moved aside to let the attendants surge into the street.
Joe paid none of it the least attention. He had Elizabeth off her feet and into the back of the carriage in an instant. When he turned to Susan, she waved him back. “I can do it.”
But exhaustion coupled with long, damp skirts and a grip less than steady made the climb difficult. Despite her assertion, firm hands settled at her waist and suddenly she was up and aboard. Joe swung into the driver’s seat just as the attendants reached the carriage. Susan gasped a warning, but Joe clearly knew they were behind him. The gun emerged from under his coat in one swift motion as he turned and fired—into the air.
The crowd scattered, the attendants scrambling for safety. The police stayed at a wary distance, and in the sea of people, Susan saw no sign of Dr. Chappell or Mrs. Oliver. The carriage team moved restlessly. Joe, still brandishing the gun, struggled to hold the horses.
Heavier traffic around the corner forced them to slow and Susan craned around to watch the road behind them. The asylum staff had given up the chase, the police persisting no farther than the corner of First Avenue, where they stood in animated discussion.
Whether they might summon help or set up some sort of manhunt, Susan didn’t want to worry over. She could only marvel that she was still upright. The jostle of the carriage and the gusts of cold rain were only adjunct miseries that touched her superficially. The physical discomfort—the worst of which remained hunger—didn’t preoccupy her as much as that whisper of uneasiness still tracing paths over every nerve ending and rising up with every thought.
Sinking back to sit, shoulder to shoulder, with Elizabeth, she took in the passing streets with bewilderment, no longer sure if they were still on First. Elizabeth’s head rested on her shoulder, loose blond hair soft against Susan’s cheek. But the hand that had found hers held on with steady strength.
Susan could hardly keep her eyes open but she held on, too, glad she’d stolen Elizabeth away. It hurt to know she hadn’t been able to help Dorothy or anyone else. Still, there might be a way...
“Susan?” The two syllables were softly resonant and imbued with a certain something... As if he liked her. As if he always had. Strange. But she didn’t mind at the moment. She seemed to have found a state of calm, and shifting in and out of it was not an unpleasant sensation. She could sleep... “Susan, you’ve got to wake up. For about five minutes,” he added, a touch of humor in his voice. “I know you’re dead tired, but I don’t want to carry you into the hotel. It’ll draw too much attention.”
Hotel? Susan roused herself with painful effort. Joe’s face was close to hers, his smile tempered with worry. His eyes were hazel. She didn’t know why she’d always thought they were brown. “You don’t need to carry me. I’m...” As she sat up, the world teetered, then—thankfully—righted itself. “Fine.”
A grin seemed to pull at the corners of Joe’s mouth. “Easy now,” he said, stepping back to give her room to climb down. “The doorman’s escorting Elizabeth upstairs.”
He caught her elbow with a light touch as Susan, reaching the ground, stood for a moment to steady herself. The hotel was an Italianate charmer spruced up with terra cotta, its grand arch leading into a somberly elegant lobby that stirred alarm, despite the fog enveloping Susan. “What are we doing here?”
“I thought it would be a good place to get our bearings.”
“But how...” She shook her head. “Who’s paying for it? Not Victor?”
“Pawnshop.”
Susan heard the wistful note under his reassurance. “What happened?”
Joe snorted. “A little family tiff. Victor wanted to wait it out for Professor Winfield’s return. But you know me. I don’t have that much patience. When he told me what he’d done with you—”
“Wait. You’re saying you had nothing to do with it?”
Regret showed itself in the twist of his mouth. “You really believe I’d stoop that low.”
Susan frowned. “You’ve pulled some sneaky tricks to influence Commission decisions. Or get around them entirely.” But maybe she’d been too quick to assume he was capable of worse. “Your dad—”
“I’m not my dad.”
“You’re a lot like him.”
To her surprise, he merely nodded. “You’re a lot like yours. Speaking of whom... I think you’ve learned the truth, haven’t you?”
Susan nodded. “So have you, evidently.” She let out a weary breath. “We’re sharing a room?”
His laugh sounded as tired. “I’ll be next door.”
It couldn’t have been more welcoming, the second floor room with its quilt-covered bed and the slender-legged table bearing up under a silver teapot and white teacups. Elizabeth sat, shoulders bowed, but brightened at Susan’s arrival. “There you are.” She rose from the sofa. “Come, you must have something to eat.”
Susan stepped gingerly, touched by a nonsensical suspicion it might all vanish if she treated it like something other than a beautiful dream. Through lace curtains and a second veil of lightly falling rain, the delicate spires of a church rose. Grace Church, just across the road. Air moved softly against her skin, warm air from the radiator beside the washstand. It was all so clean and quiet, so safe. Tears burned in her eyes.
“Susan.” Elizabeth was beside her, turning her around to lay gentle hands on her face. “Your nerves are as shattered as mine. Come and sit.”
Susan resisted. “I should wash up. Or something.” She sent a dazed glance toward the washstand and the pale blue bowl and pitcher. She couldn’t use that. It was all so pristine and she was such a god-awful damp, grubby mess.
Elizabeth took her coat and guided her to the sofa. The effort to let go and sit had the disturbing effect of spinning the room around her, but when the sensation passed, she found immense relief in being off her feet. Elizabeth moved to the doorway, where Joe waited. “Mr. McGowan, will you come in?”
“I’ll preserve propriety. I just wanted to let you know I told the desk clerk our luggage was delayed. They’re sending up someone in the morning to fit you for something to wear, I think. Something better than those get-ups,” he added with a nod at the calico.
Susan’s inner alarm bell made a half-hearted effort to be heard. “We should get something cheap and ready-made—”
“Oh, it won’t be fancy,” Joe said with a rueful laugh. “But I’ll give you some matches to burn those asylum rags. I have a feeling you’ll enjoy that.”
“Mr. McGowan—”
“No argument, Miss Lennox.” His tone was suddenly firm, without ever losing the gentle quality. “You’ve both been through enough. Let me worry about things for a while.”
Ordinarily, she would have argued. But—though she was setting a bad precedent—she was too tired to do anything but agree. When Joe had gone next door, she could hear his footfall. Just as comforting was the plate of cake and neatly cut sandwiches Elizabeth handed her. But Susan couldn’t finish it.
Sleep was as elusive, though the bed proved gloriously soft. Settled in, she listened to the passing voices and the muffled thud of boots in the hall, sounds harmonious with the patter of rain on the window. But her thoughts would not stay in the present. Bellevue officials were surely searching for her. They’d at least gotten word to Victor. Would the police track them to the hotel? She should have asked Joe to sign the register with a false name.
Turning on her side, she tried to absorb herself in the play of light on the windows. The regular passing of carriage lamps might have lulled her if she wasn’t caught up in the worry that any one of them might be Victor or the police.
“You can’t sleep.”
Elizabeth broke into her circling thoughts and Susan turned back over to meet eyes as grave as that first night in the asylum when Susan had inadvertently wakened her. “I ought to sleep for weeks, I’m so tired. I can’t stop thinking.”
“It’s all rather determinedly in my thoughts, too.” Elizabeth’s gaze lifted to the shadowed ceiling. “I suppose Victor will learn of our escape. If he finds us...” She clenched handfuls of the quilt, pulling it higher.
Susan caught her hand and squeezed encouragingly. “We’ve got a gentleman to speak on our behalf—” She couldn’t suppress a faint snort. “And we can speak on our own behalf. I dare anyone to tell us we can’t.”
Elizabeth’s lips twitched, but the trace of a smile didn’t take hold. “Who will speak on his behalf? He cannot account for himself any better than we. The court won’t yield our care to a stranger who hasn’t the means to look after us—”
“Victor put you in a pauper’s asylum, Elizabeth. I’m not so sure he’d want that information to get around. Maybe it will give us some leverage.”
Elizabeth looked only more troubled. “You mean—blackmail?”
“I suppose I do,” Susan said slowly. “But it’s righting a wrong. It may be our only means to protect ourselves and find a way to release your father.”
Elizabeth drew what sounded like a steadying breath—in vain, as the blue eyes brightened. “They won’t release him. Not without proof that my uncle is alive.”
Susan shivered at the thought of a trip farther back in time. It might bring her into contact with Stephen—but to what end? She couldn’t tell him who she was. And if she thwarted the journey he was meant to take, she and Neil might wink right out of existence. But the change in Elizabeth’s fate would not be a lasting one, if she had no one to help her stand up to Victor.
“Is there anyone else who would help us? A close friend?” Susan hesitated, reluctant to overstep. But she had to make sure. “A beau, maybe?”
Elizabeth’s jaw worked, her eyes brightening until, without a word, she turned and buried her face in the pillow. Though her sobs were muffled, they seemed wrenched from the deepest part of her, as though she’d been fighting tears far too long. The depth of her grief made Susan’s throat tighten and she could only put an arm around her and let her cry.
When sobs faded into quiet hiccups, Susan brushed the hair back from Elizabeth’s damp cheeks and took relieved note of the calm that had overtaken her. Her breathing had evened, her lashes drooping. She had no strength for anything but sleep.
And sleep was best for them both. Susan closed her eyes, steeling herself against the intrusion of the day’s events on her drifting thoughts. They encroached all the same, nebulous but for one which took vivid shape; Joe’s hands catching her up to keep her from falling. She could hardly believe he’d found her, risked arrest to rescue her, and even defied hospital officials and police by refusing to leave her after she’d agreed to stay.
Of course she felt safe because she was away from Blackwell’s, away from doctors who were well-meaning but frighteningly ignorant, away from nurses who’d passed quick judgment on her and used it to justify their cruelty. She was tucked in an old hotel too far from home, with more problems to face in the morning. Still, she might rest easy for a while, with Joe McGowan just next door.
A rather different Joe McGowan, who’d turned out to have a little more to him than she ever would have guessed.
Chapter Seventeen
Neil was blocking the sidewalk. Worse, he’d been doing it a good ten minutes. If Susan ever found out, he wouldn’t be able to shoot so much as a scowl at the obstacle course of dumbstruck tourists back home.
If he was a dumbstruck tourist—damn, how could he help it? It was a trip no one else would be taking any time soon. What a hell of an educational opportunity...
“Honest to God.” Neil tore his gaze from the street traffic long enough to glance at Robin, who, Neil knew, kept a sharp eye on him in return. “Just imagine the field trips. How incredible would that be? A pair of guides and a group of maybe ten kids at a time. The things they’d learn! The things I’d learn. I wish—” He breathed a laugh. “I wish there was a hope in hell of making it work.”
“No hope at all.” Robin’s attention turned contemplative. “I’ll wager, however, that your students enjoy an education as fulfilling as may be had without a bona fide trip to the past.”
“Yeah? What makes you so sure?”
Robin smiled. “The wistful look in your eyes.” He pulled out his watch, only to snap it shut with self-directed exasperation. “We should get our bearings as soon as possible. If you’ve had your fill, I suggest we head to Broadway. I would rather not be wandering the Bowery after sunset.”
“My fill?” Neil looked at him, amused. “Did you have your fill of 2014?”
After a moment’s hesitation, Robin yielded to a quiet laugh. “Point taken. But we’d better keeping walking, I think, or we’ll find ourselves in the street.”
It didn’t seem like anything to worry about, considering the number of people already availing themselves of the roadway, most of them hustling along faster than the wheeled traffic and apparently inured to the presence of the train rattling above their heads. All the same, Neil went along with Robin’s effort to remain on the sidewalk. “How much money do you have with you?”
“Not enough for Delmonico’s.” He was smiling. “We’ll have to stop at my bank.”
Robin was all too willing to accommodate such a plan, Neil knew. But frugality seemed the better option, when they didn’t know when they were or how long they’d be waiting on the next storm. “I had in mind something along the lines of beer garden. Have you eaten at one?”
“A time or two. They can be rather raucous. Are you sure?”
“I won’t start any fights if you won’t.”
“My behavior will be above reproach. I can’t attest to the other patrons.”
“That’s fair. By the way...” Neil moved to the curb for a closer look at the iron girders and cross-ties rising above the street. “How much to ride the train? I don’t remember. Five cents?”
“If there’s a place you want to visit, I’d be pleased to pay the cabfare.”
“I know. I just—well, if I can’t bring my students here, I can take my experiences back to them.” He shot Robin a rueful glance. “I think we can safely say this is the only opportunity I’m going to get.”
Robin nodded somberly. “Have you considered the horsecars? Quite the memorable experience. Of course the truest flavor of any time is captured, walking—”
Neil broke out laughing. “You don’t trust me.” 
“It isn’t that—”
“Oh yes, it is. You think I’m going to get into some kind of trouble.” The revelation didn’t sting, but he was far too amused to give up the veneer of indignation yet. “You think I’ll fall on the tracks or lean too far out a window or something equally stupid.” He snorted. “I’ve ridden trains that go a lot faster than that pile of tin up there. And keep in mind I teach history for a living. 2014 was the great unknown for you. I know what went on in the nineteenth century.”
“Yes, well, I shall refer you to your own abundant warnings regarding the danger of over-confidence. And I mean to look out for you, so...” Robin sighed. “Allow that I may know a little more about this world and take my opinion under advisement? It would ease my mind.”
The tension around his mouth and the absent plucking of waistcoat buttons worked together to drain Neil’s amusement. “This is your world. I’d be an idiot not to defer to your judgment.” He let a grin curl his lips as he leaned closer. “I don’t do that for just anyone, you know.”
“So I’ve witnessed.” Robin’s relief rang under the dry tone. “The first order of business must be the acquisition of a newspaper. We’ll feel rather more grounded, then...”
As he trailed off, Neil followed his gaze to the opposite curb. A policeman strode purposefully in their direction, at his side a middle-aged woman in black, her cheeks as red as the frizzy hair under her bobbing hat. Neil glanced quizzically at Robin, who looked as mystified. Since leaving the house, they’d been vigilant, knowing where the slightest sign of something more than friendship could land them. What had drawn the law down upon them, Neil couldn’t guess.
And he had no chance to speculate. The instant the policeman reached the sidewalk, the woman thrust out an arm to wag her finger at Neil. “That’s one, I know! And I know for a fact that’s the other,” she said with a jerk of her head toward Robin. “The very ones, Mr. O’Dell. Plain as day!”
The policeman’s huff seemed less a dubious response than an effort to catch his breath. “You’re sure this time?”
The woman’s thin face took on sharper edges with her frown. “I’ve got eyes. They weren’t but ten feet from me when they come walking out, bold as brass. And look there, that’s the very bag!” The wagging finger swooped to the satchel Neil hadn’t wanted to leave behind. “Like as not filled with things that ain’t his.”
Neil choked down a laugh. He was so sure they’d be accused of some sort of perversion. Still, bad enough to be accused of burglary. He should have anticipated that two unfamiliar faces emerging from the house would alert the neighbors. Whether O’Dell believed the accusation, he couldn’t tell, but the officer seemed willing to let the woman convince him.
“You gentlemen best step out of the way of folks passing. Mrs. Cavill, you too, if you please.” O’Dell steered them to a sheltered spot just past the fruit stand in front of a grocer’s. Once under the sagging awning and cornered by O’Dell and a scowling Mrs. Cavill, Neil was ready to offer up a credible excuse.
Robin beat him to it. “I’ve permission from Mr. McGowan to inspect the premises. A personal matter...” He glanced at Mrs. Cavill. “One I don’t suppose he cares to share with his neighbors.”
“Victor McGowan don’t own that house,” Mrs. Cavill said with a sniff. “And you know as much. Elsewise, you wouldn’t have come sneaking out like you did.”
O’Dell frowned. “I’ll want a look in that bag, if you please.”
Cooperation seemed the smarter road. Neil handed over the satchel. “Everything in there is mine and if you want to call up McGowan to verify it, go ahead.”
O’Dell already had a paw buried in the bag. “Hmm.” He produced one of Susan’s sneakers. “Rubber, ain’t it?” he said with a significant glance at Mrs. Cavill. “And a lantern, too. Here, what’s this?” He hefted the soda can and studied the label with increasing bemusement. “TaB?”
Neil made a face. “Most god-awful drink I ever—”
“It’s delicious,” Robin said. “A beverage unsurpassed. Only a bit tricky to open.” He caught Neil’s eye, a sheen of expectation in his, and Neil knew what he was up to. With a barely perceptible nod, he granted permission—and Robin gave the can an injudicious shake. “You’ve never tasted anything as splendid. It will be quite the fashion one day, I expect. You see this sort of buttonhole...” He angled the can toward O’Dell, who dropped a dubious gaze to the pop-top, Mrs. Cavill peering past his elbow. “Just there?”
O’Dell bent nearer. “What of it?”
“Ingenious, really. Just calls for a bit of pull—”
“Open it up, then,” Mrs. Cavill demanded, and Robin obliged. The pop-top’s crisp release was lost beneath the whoosh of escaping soda and Neil saw no benefit in lingering. He snatched the satchel and took off running, Robin at his heels.
To stroll through a world blooming bright and surreal from the pages of a history textbook was one thing; barreling heedlessly down street after street while the world stared back...
That was nightmarish. Neil grabbed hold of Robin to keep from being separated. He felt lost—in Manhattan, of all places. The landmarks that oriented his world were the skyscrapers, the modern ones. As he ran, his gaze traveled ahead, falling on very few buildings with a jolt of recognition. Those he knew looked strangely out of place without their taller counterparts around them.
But he didn’t lack a compass. Robin wove steadily in and out of the crowd, past open-air vendors and oblivious policemen; not really running, but clearly intent on leaving their pursuers several streets behind before stopping to rest.
When they did stop, it was in a shadowed corner under a rusted fire escape. Above them, clotheslines blocked what little sun streamed down. Shirts, pants, and nightgowns fluttered like the flags of all nations. Neil leaned against the nearest brick wall and concentrated on catching his breath. He was pretty sure they’d shaken O’Dell, but he couldn’t help keeping an eye on the street. Robin was watching it too—though his attention seemed divided between the street and Neil. “Are you all right?”
Neil sucked in a long breath and let it out with a shaky laugh. “That was...” He shook his head. “I thought I was ready for any problems we’d come across. You know, as far as Bowery gangs and all. But I didn’t think we’d be running from the police. That’s a new one for me.”
Robin looked surprised. “You’ve never had to run from the police?”
It seemed suddenly an embarrassing thing to admit. “Not so far, no. I suppose you think I owe you for that.”
“If you care to feel beholden, I certainly won’t discourage you.”
Something in Robin’s grin stirred a desire to kiss him, but a street in nineteenth century Manhattan was no place for it. Neil matched the grin, instead. “I’m not very good at the whole beholden thing. But if I feel so moved, I’ll let you know.”
“Don’t be too long about it.”
On that wistful note, Robin walked to the corner and looked up and down the Bowery. Neil joined him, to see a few policemen patrolling the street, but no sign of O’Dell or Mrs. Cavill.
“Newspaper?” Neil suggested.
“Across the street.”
As they walked across, Robin fished out a coin, to hand it over to a slip of a boy who couldn’t have been much dirtier if he’d dropped into the gutter and rolled around. Neil hoped there was someone who’d be applying soap and water to the freckled face before shooing the kid off to bed. “Business good?”
Eyebrows rose under shaggy brown hair. “Keeping fair. G’bless you, sir.”
He wasn’t the one who needed it, Neil mused. Slipping a hand into the satchel, he came across a loose coin—a silver dollar—and tossed it to the boy. “Now it’s better.”
The boy’s surprise turned to suspicion until the coin was safely pocketed, and then a reluctant gratitude took over. “G’bless you, sir.”
Neil wanted to reassure him it was his to keep. “Don’t spend it all on beer, all right?”
Robin stayed quiet until they were half-way up the street. “We’d best go to the bank, I think.”
Neil snorted. “It was only a dollar.”
“I will not deter your generous nature. The trouble is, we’re at the mercy of the weather. We shouldn’t go back to the house tonight and if we stop at a hotel, that will be a further expenditure. I’ve rooms near Columbia, but—”
“That’s not such a good idea. If we find you there...” Neil grimaced. “I don’t want to be the reason the universe explodes.”
Robin was clearly in no frame of mind to stop and make sense of that. “The year?”
Neil lifted the paper and scanned the headline. May 1887 in quaint script left him feeling even more adrift. Robin didn’t ask again, but leaned over Neil’s shoulder to scan the paper. At his soft gasp, Neil plastered on a smile he didn’t really feel. “We’re not far off. That’s something, right?”
“I’ve gained eight months.” Robin sounded dazed.
“Don’t get too excited. You won’t be keeping it.”
“No, but it’s a heady thought—” He broke off, looking all the more excited, despite Neil’s admonition. “I’ve just realized! I’m not here.”
“No?” The smile came more easily. “Where are you?”
“I’ve gone up to Suffern to tutor a student in imminent danger of being thrown out of school.”
“So....” Neil jumped ahead. “You have any roommates or anyone who’d be suspicious of an early return to Manhattan?”
“I may have mentioned I was going. I don’t know that I told anyone how long. I live alone, in any case, so we can take advantage of my absence and spare our pocketbooks.”
Neil concealed the greater portion of his satisfaction behind a blandly agreeable smile, not wanting to admit he was itching with curiosity to see where—and how—Robin lived. Agreeing to a streetcar ride, he barely hopped off in time when Robin unexpectedly disembarked at 29th Street. “You live this far from...” He remembered belatedly that the college was just down the road.
Robin refrained from teasing, but a twitch of his lips gave away the desire. Preferring to spare him further temptation, Neil kept quiet as he followed Robin to one of the older rowhouses. Well-kept, it was showing its age, but comfortably so. There, Robin stopped long enough to scrape one boot and then the other against a metal bar at the bottom of the gate. “Best do the same,” he said, when Neil didn’t follow suit. “Mrs. Hewitt does not take kindly to mud on the stairs.”
“Yeah?” Neil held on to the gate and scraped off what little dirt clung to his dress shoes. “How does she take to strangers dropping in for the night?”
“As is customary for landladies, I suppose. If she objects, I will pay her a little something to overlook it.”
“You’ve never brought anyone home before?”
“God, no. Safer to find companionship elsewhere.”
Neil followed him inside and up two flights to a small front room where, as soon as they’d entered, Robin shut and locked the door. His only safe space, Neil thought. “Maybe I do owe you something.”
The quiet comment startled Robin, in the midst of lifting the shade to let in some sun. He looked around at Neil and unwarranted remorse stole over his features. “Well, sit down, for heaven’s sake. We’ll have some tea and think what’s to be done next.”
Neil looked for the best spot to sit, surreptitiously taking in the thrown-together frugality of the furnishings; more Mrs. Hewitt’s choices than Robin’s, he guessed. Robin’s personal touch appeared to be books. They overloaded the one slim bookcase and spread out from there to take up space on other available surfaces, including the round oak table tucked under the window. An armchair and the corner of a bed peeking out from behind a curtained alcove provided the only other seating, so Neil took a place at the table. As he leaned, it wobbled on three finely turned but elderly legs. “How long did you say you’ve lived here?”
Robin stopped inspecting a teacup long enough to shoot him a knowing glance. “You don’t approve?”
Neil shrugged. “Rent’s high. Especially when you spend your disposable cash on other things.” He picked up a book. 
Robin raised an eyebrow. “You’ve plenty of books, yourself, as I recall.” He set the teacup on an ancient sideboard. “I must run down for clean cups...” As he moved to the door, he paused at Neil’s side and laid a hand on his shoulder. “You may poke about as freely as you like. You will find nothing too fragile to impose upon.”
The sardonic note made him laugh. But when Robin had gone, a cold, lonely sensation crept up on Neil, a sorrow he couldn’t quite interpret. Nothing too fragile. He glanced out the window to a young street not as sleekly textured as it would be in a hundred years and took in the somber march of humanity, corseted, waistcoated, armored prettily from head to foot, their emotions as carefully shuttered behind the civility with which they approached each other. Shuttered but not entirely concealed.
They seemed all the more fragile in their efforts to appear poised and perfect. But they all had their secrets. In Robin’s little box of a room, there was no evidence of a second life. There was barely evidence of a first. Robin’s armor was education, a curiosity about everything that drove him to spend the better part of his earnings satisfying the need. Neil got up to take a peek into the bookcase, only to find it locked. The books behind the glass were apparently those most valued. Most were science texts, with a few novels interspersed. Treasure Island, he noted, and grinned. If a man couldn’t live fully and freely in one world, books were the next best thing.
Behind the curtain, the cursorily-made bed with its iron frame and thin mattress was only wide enough to torture one occupant, and squeaky enough that further assignations under the circumstances were ill-advised. It was a spare little set-up, but he knew that what seemed glum to him was a world to which Robin was accustomed—never mind that he’d glimpsed one a little brighter and shinier. Chances were, he wouldn’t want to leave the familiar behind...
“Here we are.”
He hadn’t even heard Robin’s tread in the hall. Not sure whether he’d just been too preoccupied or if Robin had learned to tiptoe at an early age, he offered up a blithe grin as Robin came in with two cups balanced, one atop the other, and locked the door. “Tea is on in the parlor, but I didn’t know if you’d care to come down.”
“Not ready for me to shock your neighbors?”
“I’m not ready to look up a new residence just yet.” Robin handed him a cup with perfect aplomb. “And you must admit you’re not shy about expressing all manner of untoward opinions.”
Neil couldn’t help it. He laughed. “Is that your untoward opinion?”
Robin breathed a good-humored sigh. “I’ve explained your presence with the necessary falsehood. Mrs. Hewitt thinks you’re a colleague of mine come up from Harvard for a visit.”
Neil choked on a mouthful of tea. “Really? I’ve always thought of myself as more the Yale type...” He trailed off as Robin, brow creasing, looked toward the door. “What’s wrong?” he asked, even though he could hear it—a heavy tread on the stairs. More than one. “This place always so busy?”
Robin rose just as someone on the other side of the door knocked; not politely, but with the sort of officious impatience that promised a definite crimp in any long-term traveling plans. “They’ve tracked us down?”
Robin intercepted him as he rose. “Not a word, Neil. Please.”
Neil didn’t try to extract himself from the tight grip on his arm. He merely nodded and Robin dredged up a smile that was probably meant to reassure, but didn’t do much for him—or, apparently, Robin. It lasted until Robin opened the door on a hallway crowded with men in blue. In their midst towered a damp and disgruntled Officer O’Dell.
Neil sucked in a breath, ruthlessly keeping his composure even as his heart executed a flawless swandive to the pit of his stomach. The fact that half a dozen cops were staring him down wouldn’t make him break his promise to keep quiet; nor the fact that a stint in jail appeared to be in the offing, which would keep them stuck in 1887 for God knew how long. No, it took something bigger, like the guilt-stricken dismay in Robin’s face.
Neil cleared his throat. “You only packed the one soda?”
Robin left off staring at the police to stare at him, poised somewhere between amazement and disbelief. “I only packed one soda—”
“Damn. Well, look at the bright side.”
Robin choked out a soft gasp. Or, more optimistically, a resigned laugh. “The bright side?”
“I’ve got a killer argument next time Susan pesters me to pack light.”
She’d hugged him.
He knew why. Reliving it, he was not going to discover any deeper motive or hidden desire. She’d been terrified. Overwhelmed by the possibility she wouldn’t make it out of Blackwell’s. She’d been willing to put her arms around him—even him—if it would set her free. All he’d wanted was to hold her close and promise to carry her away to safety.
But not before putting the fear of God into Miss Woodley and her staff.
He sat back in one of the hotel’s fringed velvet parlor chairs and flipped through a copy of Life magazine without noticing a thing on the page. It was after six. Of course, girls’ dresses took a while to put together. Especially in 1887.
Both Susan and Elizabeth had seemed tired at the afternoon tea and he wouldn’t have faulted them for falling asleep in the middle of dressing for dinner. But if they took much longer, they’d lose their table. Closing the magazine, he leaned the chair back on two legs to study a cornice dripping with plaster bells and bows. Other guests had come into the parlor, and the pianist was playing a classical number Joe didn’t recognize. Debating whether he should go up, he swung a glance over his shoulder and spotted Elizabeth at the portiere, pretty in dark blue, a posy of violets pinned at her waist, her bright hair braided with velvet ribbon. The spark of mischief in her eyes surprised him. Instead of heading in his direction, she slipped back out—to reappear with an obviously reluctant Susan in tow.
Aware that the magazine had tumbled to the floor, Joe wasn’t of a mind to pick it up, not if it meant taking his eyes off her. Though her gown was as simple in design as Elizabeth’s—and certainly plain compared with the other women present—it didn’t need frills beyond the lace spilling in soft folds from the demure bustle. The gown itself was a sweep of some silky fabric, cream warmed by a pale rose overdress that floated gently as she moved. Pink buds adorned her upswept hair, and her cheeks were as pink as she broke into an embarrassed laugh. “I feel as though I’m five and playing dress-up. I didn’t want to come down, in case I wasn’t put together just right.”
With her face upturned, he saw the soft sheen of powder partially hiding the bruise above her cheekbone. She was still a little wan, but a familiar brisk cheer was in her smile and the warm depths of her eyes. She wasn’t really expecting a compliment, he sensed. “You’re put together pretty damned well.”
Susan’s brows rose. “Be careful, Mr. McGowan. That sounds like flirting.” Her voice was low, but her smile had pulled irresistibly into a grin. “I’ll be polite and say you carry off a tailcoat and white tie respectably. We aren’t going over budget?”
His glance slid to Elizabeth, who had taken a seat and was peeking in their direction over the top of a magazine. Catching a glimpse of the smile she was trying to hide, he wondered what that was about. “We’re all right.” He turned to Susan. “I’ll find temporary work until we know how to get back home.”
Susan’s gaze was alight with curiosity. “You haven’t figured it out yet.”
Joe caught his breath and sucked in a deeper one that seemed to make his heart rise in his chest. “You do know how it works.”
There it was, that old intensity in her eyes. That determination. “Suppose I do. And suppose I tell you. How do I know you won’t walk right back to Victor and share it with him?”
On the verge of a promise, he held back. That wouldn’t encourage her to trust him. “Don’t tell me. As long as we can get home. That’s what matters.” The suspicious tilt to her brows made him smile. “We have a table, if you’re ready.”
Elizabeth took the arm he offered and Susan, after a moment’s hesitation, took the other. Down a lushly-carpeted hall green with ferns and golden with gaslight, they went, to the dining room—brighter but hushed, with serene islands of linen-draped tables.
Once settled, Joe tried not to pay any attention to the way the evening sun brought out the lighter shades in Susan’s hair and lay softly on the curves of her neck and shoulders. It was just the unique situation, stirring him to notice things about her he hadn’t before. When they were back home, the battle would resume, and he wouldn’t think twice about how attractive she was when her thoughts were far away, her head tilted as if she were coming to a decision about something besides what to have for dinner. He wondered if it boded in his favor. 
“I suppose we can’t stay too long.” Susan lowered her menu. “But we’d be crazy to leave without seeing a few sights.”
Or maybe it was a decision that had nothing to do with him. Subduing a rueful smile, he set aside his menu and shot her a knowing look. “You want to wander every street from here to the Bronx.”
“Oh!” Susan leaned forward, the menu crushed in her arms. “The old Equitable Life building. And the old Goelet mansion on Broadway. And the Park Avenue Hotel!”
Joe snorted. “While we’re at it, why not the old Tombs? And the Western Union building—”
“The Tribune!” Susan gasped.
Joe had to grin. “Well, I wouldn’t mind a look at the Marquand house. And that old Broadway bank they tore down in the twenties.”
Her eyes were shining. “The old depot. And the Washington building before they ruined it. We should make a list. Do you have any paper? What about the city hall post office—”
“You’ve got to be kidding. That building was a joke.”
Susan broke into a laugh. “Granted, it wasn’t the most beautiful place. But you aren’t even the littlest bit curious to take a look at it?”
“We could spend years trying to see all the buildings this city’s demolished.”
“Where have I heard that before?”
Joe snorted. “I’m the one who’s heard it...” His dad’s axiom came to mind. “You can’t build the future if you’re living in the past.”
“No,” Susan agreed. “You have to build it, remembering the past.”
Her tone was too gentle and too wistful to qualify as reproach. Joe sat back. “Your dad passed that idea on to you, I guess. My dad—” He let a resigned smile come. “I’ll spare you the ‘generations of McGowans’ speech, but you wouldn’t believe the weight of them. And when they pass you the baton—well, it’s one ugly relay race.” Susan’s gaze was curious again, and he had to drop his to the menu. “What about the Cotton Exchange? That could be interesting.” He shouldn’t have rambled on. “Maybe Elizabeth has some suggestions.”
“I think Elizabeth has more on her mind.” Susan sounded remorseful. “We should concern ourselves with that.”
“Of course.” Relieved to change the subject, he turned to Elizabeth. “You have any other family we can go to? A boyfriend—” He caught Susan’s startled glance. “Oh. A beau, rather?”
Susan’s lips twitched. “Elizabeth may not want to discuss it.”
Elizabeth peeked over her menu. “There’s really little to discuss. His name is Daniel Pearsall. We’d planned a spring wedding, but...” She shook her head, calm—ruthlessly so. Susan, however, seemed stricken enough for two.
“Elizabeth, you were in there against your will. There’s nothing wrong with you. He won’t—”
“He must. The things people will say. With Father in prison, I can’t—” Her gaze dropped, but the hasty blink of her eyes gave her away. “I can’t.”
“Elizabeth,” Susan began, but Elizabeth was out of her chair and in flight, almost colliding with a waiter as she hurried out of the dining room.
“I’ll stick with her.” Joe was on his feet, running to catch up before he could lose her in the hotel hallways. She’d made it as far as the nearest parlor, to stand partly concealed by the doorway’s heavy drape while she tried to dry damp cheeks with her sleeve. As he neared, she stole a glance at him and just as quickly turned to hide her face.
Patting down his coat, Joe found a handkerchief. “I knew I had a mop somewhere in this monkey suit.”
He was a little off with the lingo. Too much Chandler, not enough Dickens. But Elizabeth accepted the kerchief with whispered thanks. “You express yourself most extraordinarily, Mr. McGowan.”
“Thank you.” He was glad to see the beginning of a smile on her face. “I suppose it’s forward, but I have to say I think you’re flat wrong.”
“Indeed. In what regard?”
“Well...” Joe hesitated as people passed them in the hall. He peeked around the curtain, to find the parlor all but empty. Motioning for Elizabeth to join him, he drew a chair close to the piano. “So no one will jump to conclusions,” he said, taking the bench as she sat in the chair.
“Can you play?” Elizabeth asked gravely.
“Just badly enough to keep anyone from asking me to.”
Elizabeth’s smile seemed to come more easily. Joe gave the keys an idle tap. “Daniel must be wondering why you left town. Where you went without saying good-bye.”
Elizabeth glanced around as if she imagined everyone had heard about her stint in the asylum. “After Father’s arrest, Victor called in a doctor because I was...” She lowered her gaze, clasping her gloved hands in her lap. “I couldn’t sleep nor eat. Victor wanted to send me away for just a little while. Somewhere I’d be able to rest and recover my strength. He would tell everyone I’d gone abroad.” She met Joe’s gaze, a well of still-restrained grief in hers. “He surely told Daniel I had changed my mind.”
“And Daniel, I’d guess, was too much of a gentleman to do anything other than accept your decision.” Joe marveled grimly at how well Victor had taken advantage of Stephen’s disappearance. Elizabeth was right. Victor might make her out the madwoman if he thought it was the only way to regain control of her. And without Daniel’s help, Joe wasn’t sure what they could do to stop him.
“Elizabeth, would you let me to talk to Daniel on your behalf? I’ll find out if Victor’s gotten to him or if he still believes you fled to Europe for propriety’s sake. I can tell him Victor set this whole thing up, that it was all a lie to prevent you from marrying.” Joe leaned toward her, lowering his voice. “I can take a message from you, if you want. Let him know your feelings haven’t changed. I’m guessing they haven’t.” He flashed her a smile. “I bet his haven’t, either.”
She seemed balanced between fear and terrible longing. He wanted to give her the gentlest push. “If I were Daniel, I’d also be wondering what I’d done to lose you. Something like that, it haunts a man.”
“Does it?” She wiped away tears with her fingers, the handkerchief forgotten in her lap. “Men always seem so practical about such things.”
“Well, that’s expected, isn’t it? A brave face? Problem is, our hearts are just as breakable as yours.”
Elizabeth was studying him now, a little too intently. “Do you speak from very recent experience, Mr. McGowan?”
Susan stood in the doorway, one hand resting on the drape, the sweetest half-smile on her lips. A smile he wanted to see all the time. Every day of his life, really. And the likelihood of that...
The history between them could not be rewritten. If his heart ended up broken, it was his own damned fault.
Susan’s smile slipped away, her brows drawing together, and he realized what she was reading in his face. The piano keys were under his fingers and a teasing burst of notes lightened the atmosphere. Susan rolled her eyes good-humoredly and shook her head. “Whatever you do, don’t sing it. We’ll be kicked out for sure.” Coming over, she sat beside Elizabeth. “Are you all right?”
Elizabeth had regained her composure—or a fragile veneer, anyway. “I’m afraid it’s too late.”
Joe heard the unspoken “but.” “We were talking about paying Mr. Pearsall a visit.”
Susan took the prompt. “Tonight?”
Elizabeth’s eyes widened. “Oh—”
“The sooner, the better,” Joe said. “Before Victor tries to get to him.”
“Good idea. We’ll run up for our wraps.”
Elizabeth would be full of half-hearted protests all the way upstairs, Joe knew. But when she came down, she seemed steadier; resolved, perhaps, to know where her future lay. On the way uptown, she was quiet, and Susan just the opposite, full of cheerful talk, as if she thought a distraction was needed. But Murray Hill’s familiar streets subdued even Susan and when the cab passed a particular door, Joe noticed he wasn’t the only one to look in that direction.
Further down the street, half a dozen carriages waited in front of a crowded sidewalk. When their cab drew up to the carriage line, Joe exchanged an apprehensive glance with Susan before turning to Elizabeth. “Does Daniel give a lot of parties?”
Elizabeth allowed him to help her from the cab, only to stand on the curb with her wrap clutched around her, her gaze directed longingly into the cab’s safe interior. “Daniel’s sister has a beau. Perhaps...” Her attention strayed to the house and her eyes were too bright in her pale face.
“If it’s an engagement party,” Joe ventured, “wouldn’t he have invited Victor?”
Susan frowned. “Would Victor associate with the Pearsalls after breaking Elizabeth’s engagement?”
Elizabeth preempted any more questions. “Victor seldom attends parties, even when it may benefit him. He told me once that people behave foolishly at parties.” She glanced toward the house as yet another carriage arrived. “If it is a party for Catherine, I won’t ruin it.” Her grief poorly concealed, she turned to Joe. “Don’t let the cab go, Mr. McGowan, please.”
“Maybe there’s another way,” Joe said. “I’ll bring Daniel out to you.”
Elizabeth shook her head. “It will start up talk, no matter what.”
“I guess we can come back tomorrow.” Susan spoke quietly, more to him than Elizabeth. “Maybe it’s for the best. We’re not ready to play our hand where Victor’s concerned.”
“Well, I intended to start looking for work in the morning,” Joe said. “And I don’t think the two of you should come back here without me.”
“We’ll be careful.”
“It’s not a good idea. If Victor follows you to the hotel—”
“We can’t hide forever,” Susan said. “I’ll be looking for work, too. And it would benefit all three of us to have the Pearsalls on our side—”
“Oh, come on. The only kind of job you could get in 1887 would be sewing daisies on girls’ hats and that would pay—what? A few pennies a day? It’s not worth the risk to your safety. Let me worry about our living expenses—”
“I can get a decent-paying job and I’ll bet I can get one faster than you can. Don’t be so quick to count me out—”
“I’ve never counted you out, Miss Lennox.” Joe tried to keep his voice low, despite the desire to make his point. “I’ve argued with you, yes. I’ve threatened you with lawsuits, outright lied to you now and then, tried in vain to flirt with you, and occasionally I’ve pondered whether I could bribe you to just leave the country. But I’ve never—not once, ever—counted you out.”
She was staring up at him, lips parted, brows raised, and he felt her warm breath on his face. He hadn’t realized he was standing so close, and apparently she hadn’t either, judging by the wary sparkle in her eyes. He had to think she’d slap him if he kissed her right then. It might be worth it. But... “Oh, damn.”
She couldn’t seem to pull from his gaze. “Damn?” she echoed faintly.
“I think our bird’s flown the coop.”
Elizabeth evidently didn’t care to be counted out, either. She was already at the house steps, the light from the open door shining on her blond head as she started up. As Susan ran after her, Joe stayed behind long enough to send off the cabbie. He caught up in the entrance hall, where he had to bend close to Susan’s ear to be heard above the chatter. “Where’s Elizabeth?”
Susan turned a worried gaze on him. “She was heading upstairs with two women who seemed to know her. I think she’s safe, but—we have enough reason to go traipsing uninvited around a stranger’s house, don’t we?”
“Under the circumstances—” That reassurance was barely past his lips before Susan seized his hand and started for the stairs. Light and life receded as they reached the landing. Low-lit gas sconces guided them down a carpeted hall to a door standing ajar, but before they could approach, two young women emerged, two young men in tow. The men were laughing as they passed, the women beseeching their partners to be quiet and discreet—though they seemed in high spirits, themselves.
As they headed downstairs, Susan slipped to the doorway and peered inside. Joe reluctantly did the same and caught a glimpse of bookshelves climbing to the ceiling. He was relieved to know he wasn’t spying on anyone’s bedchamber. All the same, the sound of soft voices left him uneasy. “Maybe we shouldn’t.”
“I just want to be sure.” Susan leaned against the door, expanding the view to include a desk and a green-shaded lamp sending gentle light over the two figures in front of it. Elizabeth was speaking, too quietly to be heard by anyone but the fellow with her. He drank in every word. Despite the perfectly tailored evening clothes, he seemed a reticent, bookish sort. Still, there was a strong-willed set to his jaw, and the grief in his face was the lesser emotion as his dark eyes took her in.
“He loves her,” Joe whispered.
Hope shone in Susan’s eyes as she met his. “Do you think so?”
Joe nodded. “The way he’s standing. He wants to hold her.”
Susan didn’t turn away. Caught in her gaze, Joe wondered if there had ever been a warmer shade of brown. The corners of her mouth rose in that half-smile, her brows drawing together. “He’s afraid she won’t like it?”
“He doesn’t know. If he’d realized sooner how much he wanted her to care...” There was something new in the way Susan looked at him. Possibly. Maybe. He was afraid to convince himself.
“She’s not altogether reluctant,” Susan whispered. “He can see that in her eyes.”
He did... “But he thinks he has to be dreaming.”
She exhaled, a sound buoyant with the softest laugh. “Waking up late is better than never waking at all.”
Elizabeth and Daniel had gone quiet. Drawn to look, Joe wasn’t surprised to see her in Daniel’s arms, lost in a kiss that had been too long denied. “I’m glad we didn’t put this off.”
Susan inclined her head in the merest nod and hope crept up on him. The curious light in her eyes was an invitation to draw closer. Her lashes fell, her breath soft on his skin, and he closed his own eyes, the world diminished to the press of her mouth against his. Her hands found his shoulders and he could not keep from taking her in his arms, no matter the risk of being discovered. The kiss was brief, but when she drew back, its sweetness stayed with him.
He wasn’t dreaming.
“I think poor old Daniel’s in trouble if this keeps up,” he whispered, and she laughed. He’d heard her laugh before, but not like that. Warm, girlish. Open-hearted. Offering what felt like a chance to move past the war of words they’d shared so long. “The city hall post office. Any time you want.”
Her brow furrowed, despite her lingering smile. “Who are you?”
The question fell by the way as Elizabeth emerged, a smiling Daniel Pearsall at her side. Daniel’s gaze fixed on Joe as if he were already quite aware of whom he addressed. He held out a hand. “I owe you a debt I can’t repay, but I mean to try.” He turned to Susan. “And Miss Lennox, yes? I...” He faltered and Elizabeth slipped her hands around his arm, drawing his gaze. It was a communion that restored his composure. “I have more to celebrate tonight than I ever dared hope.” He turned to Joe and Susan, damp-eyed, his smile sheepish—and ridiculously happy. “I’d like you to stay, if you will.”
He took Elizabeth’s hand and downstairs they floated, back into the midst of bright lights and brighter voices. Catching Susan brushing away tears, Joe wished he had a second handkerchief. He offered her his arm, instead. “Shall we?”
Sprightly violins lured them into a drawing room that was, Joe suspected, grandly over-furnished on ordinary days; to permit dancing, it stood bereft, its elegance maintained by velvet flocked paper and gold-tasseled drapes. Beneath the brilliance of the chandeliers, guests glittered as prettily, some whirling to the music while others, guessing by the glances shot in Elizabeth’s direction, gossiped like mad.
If either Daniel or Elizabeth cared, there was no sign of it. Engaged in conversation with an older couple Joe assumed were Daniel’s parents, they stood yet arm in arm. It would take more than a roomful of gossips to dampen those smiles, and he was glad to see Daniel’s mother embrace Elizabeth as if her own daughter had been safely returned to her. It was only when Daniel stepped onto the musicians’ platform that Joe had the uneasy feeling he and Susan were about to be made much of. Not the ideal situation for two people who, for all practical purposes, didn’t yet exist.
But Susan seemed oblivious to the pending announcement. She was searching the room with anxious eyes. “Do you see him?”
“Victor? He’s not here. Daniel would have called him out.”
Susan looked startled. “You think so?”
“Daniel’s all heart, from what I can tell. If Victor shows up and says a word against Elizabeth, Daniel will lay him flat. And I promise you I’ll do the same.”
Susan had caught the unspoken “for you.” A whiff of reproach crept into her smile, reproach that held little ground against the intrigued light in her gaze. Basking in that light, Joe belatedly noticed the violins had stilled, the chatter dwindling. “I seem to recall you’re not as good with a lie as I am.”
Susan seemed to be struggling not to laugh. “Maybe if we just smile humbly and tell everyone it was a case of fortunate timing?”
An adequate refuge proved unnecessary, for as soon as Daniel had shared his news, he expressed his gratitude by inviting Joe and Susan to lead the next dance. Elizabeth’s impish expression suggested it had been her idea. And it seemed to alarm Susan more than the prospect of inventing a history out of whole cloth.
“I don’t know how to dance,” she whispered as Joe led her onto the floor. “I mean, I have a vague idea, but I’ve never really...”
Guests around them let them pass, most smiling, others suspicious or merely curious. There would be questions later on, but for the moment, Joe didn’t intend to worry about it. He could feel Susan trembling as he took her in his arms. She held on as if she expected the floor to suddenly sway underfoot. “Can you waltz?”
She sounded so hopeful. “Well...”
“Oh, God.”
Joe didn’t know how to reassure her. His mother had believed everyone should know how to dance, so he’d endured the childhood torture of dancing school, but he hadn’t waltzed since. “Want to start a Conga line?”
Her eyes went wide and he grinned, making her laugh. In the hush, the first notes rose and he executed a haphazard box step. “Damn,” he muttered. “Give me a second.”
Susan was pink-cheeked, but her lips twitched. “I think that’s right...” She held on, keeping up with him—and trying to cover for him, he thought—until motor memory took over and he realized he knew what he was doing.
The missteps were probably only a minor amusement to the crowd, with a far more interesting scandal waltzing its own way around the room. When other couples stepped out to dance, Susan seemed relieved. But her gaze shifted restlessly and Joe had a feeling she’d be looking over her shoulder until she was back in her own world. “I’m going to talk to Victor tomorrow. Give him the chance to make things right. Once he realizes Elizabeth’s safe with the Pearsalls and you’re safe with me, he might be persuaded to retract his statements to the police. He has to at least consider the social censure, right? There are things he won’t want getting around.”
Susan lifted an eyebrow. “Blackmailing your own great-great-grandfather?”
“I had no idea he’d established the family fortune this way. I don’t know if Dad knew, but I don’t think he would’ve liked it, either. He was always aboveboard with business partners. Rivals, however...” He was saying too much again. And probably not the sort of things that would necessarily increase her trust in him. Maybe it was wiser to stick to the matter at hand. “If we can free Elizabeth’s dad, I guess that frees us, too. To go home, I mean.”
Susan seemed lost in thought, but she brought her gaze back to his and nodded as if she’d followed every word. “Home. Yes. It’ll feel a little strange, won’t it?”
“It won’t be so bad. Just the usual post-vacation let-down.” Joe gave her a grin and she smiled back, seeming yet balanced somewhere between one world and another. “Maybe we could cheer each other up with a nice dinner. There’s a fantastic restaurant in the Ritz-Carlton...” No, he wouldn’t impress her with somewhere expensive. “Where do you like to eat?”
Susan blinked. “You want to go out with me?”
He had the impression he’d wakened her too jarringly to the present. “I just thought—well, we’ve been—”
“Do you always move so fast?”
The question seemed to include more than just his romantic liaisons. “We’ve known each other five years.”
Susan’s mouth twisted ruefully. “That sounds so innocuous.”
“I thought we might be working toward a truce.” His own rueful note slipped in. “You can’t consider it all water under the bridge?”
“I’m not sure even bridges are safe around you.” The words were no sooner out than she grimaced. “That was unfair.”
“Maybe it wasn’t. I know we’ve been at odds, Susan. Serious odds. But even friends who disagree learn to compromise.”
She looked dubious. “Can you compromise?”
“Can you?”
Susan frowned. “You’re the one with all the power.”
“I’m the one up against a pretty tough preservationist,” Joe said. “If you’ll recall, I don’t always win.”
“No. Just almost always.” If her wariness had yielded, a grudging note remained. “What about the house? What do you plan to do with it?”
“Well, I was planning to put a fence around it and advertise it as a fabulous thrill ride to the past. Ten thousand a pop. What do you think?”
Her lips curled and she made a visible effort to damp down the smile. “You’re such an ass.”
Joe turned her neatly around. He was getting the hang of the whole waltz thing. “What would you do with it, then?”
Her lips briefly pursed, even as her face softened. “Tear it down.”
He nearly staggered; only Susan’s momentum kept him going. “You’d tear down a hundred-year-old house—”
“I’d have to.”
She wanted to protect the whole world. Most of it, anyway. He wasn’t so sure he’d be included. “You really see this as so dangerous?”
“We aren’t ready for time travel. Too many people will want to use it for their own ends. We’d go home to a world so changed, we wouldn’t recognize it.”
“I didn’t want to change anything, really. But you’ve got to admit a pretty penny could be made—”
“At the risk of accidentally upsetting history. Your own history, most likely. Is it worth that?”
Joe breathed a soft laugh. “Might be.”
She was watching him curiously. “I don’t like losing the house, but a whole lot more might be lost, if it’s not demolished. Our heritage—”
“Our heritage is all around us,” Joe said. “This city is living history, Susan. Down every street you turn, new and old, side by side, as clear a marker as any pile of rock in the Grand Canyon. New York has a past, but it has a future, too.”
“A future of faceless glass and steel? Of such bland uniformity that walking down these streets is a heartache when it should be a joy?”
Something in her voice, a near-buried grief, gave him pause. “You are just referring to New York?”
“What else?” She wouldn’t meet his gaze.
Joe kept his voice low. “Not stepping on your toes, am I?”
She choked on a laugh, and he could feel the underlying tension that cut it short. “You all right?” He tilted his head, trying to catch her eye. “I care about our heritage, Susan. I care about a lot of things. Don’t count me out because you don’t agree with all of it.”
“I counted you out a long time ago. It’s only now I’m starting to think I was too quick...” Her breath caught, a ragged sound, and she bowed her head. Guilt hit Joe square in the gut. She was still shaky after everything she’d been through. She needed a quiet spot to pull herself together.
Hoping to find one, Joe danced her into the front hall, but it was as crowded. “Back to the hotel? We can walk down Broadway and get a bite to eat, if you want.”
Red-cheeked, Susan shook her head. “We don’t have to leave. Really, I don’t know what came over me. There’s no reason I shouldn’t be having the best time.”
“One or two reasons, maybe.” Realizing she was meandering in the direction of the door, Joe brought her up short. “We’ll remedy that right now. Let me get your wrap.”
He returned with it to find Susan saying good-night to Elizabeth. “It’s too much trouble—”
“It isn’t any trouble,” Elizabeth said. “Daniel will have the carriage right around. You’ll be careful?”
“We will.” Susan set a bright-eyed gaze on Joe. “We’ll be very careful.”
“Propriety above all else,” he vowed, and laid the rather insubstantial cloak on her shoulders. “You going to be warm enough in that?”
“I’ll make do.” If it wasn’t quite curt, it was distant and distracted. She was out the door before he could say anything else.
Elizabeth leaned toward him, a solemn sparkle in her eye. “Take good care of her, Mr. McGowan.”
He would. Just as soon as he figured out how in the world to keep up with her.
Chapter Eighteen
It was a long, slow ride to the police station and a longer, slower process of being handed over to officers of varying authority, all of whom looked as though they’d just as soon knock Neil over the head, toss him in the river, and save the paperwork.
By the time he’d gone from the front desk to a back room barren but for a small table and two chairs, Neil was thoroughly versed in the human ability to bounce from dread to boredom and back again without stopping at any emotion in between.
Assault with an effervescing beverage. When he got out, he and Susan could compare notes on the efficacy of food products for self-defense.
If he had ever been arrested, he suspected the experience would have matched up with the current one; more hours of waiting for what he assumed would be a particularly unpleasant interrogation—and he couldn’t even take comfort in conversation with Robin, thanks to the sour-faced cop standing guard, a guy so big he’d had to duck under the doorframe when he came into the room. Every time Neil leaned sideways to whisper even the most innocent question in Robin’s ear, the cop’s thick black brows became one and the jaw thrust out and up in a way that brought to mind continental drift and plate tectonics.
Still, he’d done little more than glare, even after Neil flashed him a grin and asked him how his day was. Conversation was not verboten, it seemed, as long as he and Robin stayed put.
“It may be a good idea for only one of us to do the talking—”  He lowered his voice. “Not that we’d necessarily come up with conflicting statements, but they’ll be picking apart everything we say. So...”
Robin’s expression was grave, but far back in the blue eyes, Neil detected a battle between amusement and aggravation. “So you mean to leave the job to the one of us with greater experience in these matters?”
“Well, ordinarily I would, but I’m a little better at sweet-talking than you are.”
Aggravation gained an edge. “Quick-talking, perhaps—”
“I’m better at that, too.”
Robin raised an eyebrow. “Does your self-assurance know no bounds?”
“Should it?”
Robin sat back, folding his hands, and the sparkle was pure amusement now. “Can you summon that sort of faith in me?”
It was impossible to be glib in the face of such a question. “I trust you, you know.”
“Enough to hold your tongue?”
“Will that convince you?”
“If you can manage that, I will be fairly persuaded.”
Neil decided to yield, but not without a faint glare. “Fine. Consider it held.” He straightened in his seat. “You realize I’m putting my life in your hands, right?”
“It has been uppermost in my mind since we arrived.”
Neil blew out a breath, vexed. “How the hell am I supposed to argue with that?”
Robin smiled. “I have every confidence in your ability to find a way.”
The door opened, admitting an officer who looked less the part than any Neil had seen so far. Middle-aged, with a shiny-domed head and a belly testing the strength of his waistcoat buttons, he took the seat across the table with the air of a man ready to lock up the next person coming at him with a smart-mouthed comment. Neil had a feeling it was just as well he’d turned the floor over to Robin.
“William Hasket, gentlemen.” It came out on a sigh, as if he’d had to introduce himself one too many times. “I use the address with some reluctance,” he went on, setting Neil’s satchel on the table. “But let us become acquainted and we shall see whether it applies.” Blue eyes lifted to take in Robin, then Neil, with a mildness that belied an apparently caustic sense of humor. “Which is Winfield and which Lennox?”
Robin cleared his throat. “I’m Robin Winfield. If you will permit me, I can—”
“A minute, sir.” Hasket’s attention swung to Neil. “This bag belongs to you?”
Neil started to speak, caught himself, and simply nodded. Hasket’s gaze on him narrowed. “Can you explain its contents?”
Neil glanced at Robin. “You mind?”
The seriousness with which he asked did not go unnoticed, he knew, when Robin regarded him a long moment without a word. No smile that might spark suspicion touched his lips, but the warm light in his eyes was enough. “By all means.”
Taking on a devout air of cooperation, Neil turned back to Hasket. “Just remembering off-hand, there was a pair of shoes, a watch, a pocketknife, a lantern—”
“All yours?”
“All mine.”
“For what purpose?”
Neil hesitated. “Captain Hasket—it’s captain, isn’t it?”
“That’s right.”
“Captain, do you own a lantern, pocketknife, shoes, and watch?”
“Of course.”
“Then you already know the answer to that question.”
Hasket chuckled. “Fair enough. And the gun?”
Neil could only stare at him. The question was some kind of trick. Hasket reached into the satchel, and withdrawing an old revolver, laid it on the table.
Neil shook his head. “That’s not ours...” All too belatedly, it sank in—and a surreptitious glance at Robin was adequate confirmation. Neil hadn’t seen him so pale and shaken in a while.
Hasket must have noticed it, too. He rose as if he’d gotten all the answers he needed. “You may consider yourselves our guests for the night. I anticipate a visit on the morrow with the property owner and I hope to be provided an accounting of any possessions you may have procured whilst on the premises. Until then, Sergeant, if you would be so kind as to escort these two upstairs.”
Uneasiness bloomed in Neil’s gut with nausea-inducing rapidity. He’d held out hope that the police, without any real evidence, would decide to let them go. And they might have, if not for the gun. Neil had a good idea how Robin had come by it in the first place. If Victor identified it as his, one night in the Tombs might become a whole lot of nights in the even lovelier accommodations on the island. The horror that stirred was one he couldn’t shake. Bad enough that he was stuck for a night in lock-up. In the Tombs. In 1887.
One thing he knew, he wasn’t going to sleep a wink.
The sergeant did his duty with relish and after the tenth time of being prodded in the back with a billy club, Neil fervently wanted to grab it away and jab back—which would surely result in a beating that would leave him, once dumped in a cell, in no shape to fight off the rats.
The prodding, come to think of it, wasn’t so bad. He could live with the prodding. Robin had apparently come to the same conclusion, as he stumbled without protest alongside Neil through a courtyard damp with rain and into a building standing separate from the others. It opened into a long, narrow gallery with a ceiling that seemed to rise a good distance. Peering up, Neil took in tier upon tier of narrow walkways hemmed by iron railings. Thin beams of late afternoon light only accentuated the gloom, and he had a bad feeling the cells were already pitch dark.
The sergeant encouraged him none too gently up two flights, past glum-faced visitors, guards, and a handful of prisoners who were evidently permitted to wander loose. Of the prisoners still in their cells, Neil could see little. The doors were thick iron grates stamped into the wall at intervals, creating close, dark boxes that prevented communication with anyone but the guards.
Midway along the passage, the sergeant opened a door and employed a heavy hand to shove first Robin, then Neil, into the darkness. Neil caught a glimpse of a single narrow bed before the closing door blocked what little light was left. He didn’t know whether or not he wanted his eyes to adjust. The stench, alone, made him wonder if the sergeant hadn’t accidentally locked them in the prison restroom. He wasn’t going to sleep or sit. Not unless he passed out from sheer disgust and fell over.
“Can you see anything?” Robin whispered.
“No, but my sense of smell is compensating with a vengeance. I’d ask if you have any matches but I’m not sure it’d be such a good idea to use them.” Neil turned sideways in the narrow space, trying to let in some light from the passageway. “Just the one bed, right?”
“I think so.”
“Cozy.” He reached out and caught Robin’s arm. “Don’t sit, for God’s sake. It’s got to be one big rat siesta under there.”
Robin’s laugh was soft and tired. “Living in New York, you’re surely accustomed to rats.”
“Not in my bed.” It appeared the frame supported only a thin, soiled mattress, but Neil gave it a kick to dislodge anything hiding underneath. When nothing came scampering out, he let go of Robin. “I think we’re good. Just let me know if you hear anything crawling around.”
Robin sat, leaning forward to rest his head in his hands. More than weariness accounted for that posture, Neil knew. Gingerly he sat and when the only protest came from the bedframe, he breathed in silent relief. His vision had adjusted enough to outline the stone wall in front of him and the metal bucket in the corner, covered by a filthy shirt someone had left behind. Realizing what the bucket was for, he wished he hadn’t. It’d been too long since he’d had access to a bathroom.
“You’ve never been in here before, have you?” The thought made him sick.
Robin sat up. “Not here. I was locked in the ten-day house some years ago. Where they lock up drunks and the like,” he added with an embarrassed smile.
“You were drunk?”
“I was pretending to be.”
“Oh. And the guy you were with, he was pretending too, I guess.”
Robin leaned forward again, gaze dropping. “Drunk men are forgiven all kinds of behavior.”
Neil leaned against his shoulder. “You didn’t do anything wrong. I’ll be happy to repeat that until you believe it.”
“I didn’t then, perhaps.” He couldn’t seem to lift his gaze to meet Neil’s. “When you said you trusted me, I don’t suppose you considered how soon you might come to regret it.” He blew out a breath, the tension in it belying the wry humor in his voice. “It’s small comfort, I know, but...” He looked at Neil, then. “I’m so sorry.”
It was a superfluous apology. His anguish was enough to tie Neil’s insides into a solid knot. The most familiar avenue of relief was the safest, but neither irritation nor exasperation seemed fair, under the circumstances. “Your mistake wasn’t any more careless than mine. If I hadn’t scooped up your calling card along with the rest of the stuff I packed, it wouldn’t have ended up in O’Dell’s hands and he never would’ve found us.” Neil slipped an arm over his shoulders. “In the second place, a mistake doesn’t warrant loss of trust. If it did, people would be breaking up, left and right.” He rested his head against Robin’s. “You’re not shaking me that easily, pal.”
Robin appeared to more or less grasp his meaning. “I was mistaken. Susan isn’t the only soul of kindness in the Lennox clan.”
Neil kissed him, then just as gently broached the crux of the matter. “The gun belongs to Victor?”
Robin’s gaze slipped away again. “He thought I would want to be safe while in the Bowery.” A low laugh escaped him. “Safe, indeed.”
“They’ve got no case against us, Robin. Just the word of a nosy neighbor who saw us leaving the house. Victor hasn’t given you the gun yet, which is going to leave him wondering what the hell’s going on. He’s not going to hire you—the you here now—if he thinks you burglarized his house and stole his gun. If he hires someone else, instead...” Neil stopped there. If he’d hoped to reassure himself, he’d done just the opposite, very handily. Victor might hire someone else, and if he did, would Robin disappear and that someone take his place?
“What is it?” Robin had noticed the jump in his apprehension.
Neil couldn’t express it and he finally just laughed, at himself and the whole unbelievable nightmare. “Whatever you do, don’t disappear on me. All right?”
A warm hand, familiar in its dimensions, curled around his. “Maybe we should try to sleep.”
“Good luck with that. If you want to sleep, I’ll keep the rats off you. But I don’t think I can close my eyes in this place.”
To his surprise, Robin didn’t argue. Instead, he settled farther back, until he was resting against the wall. “Shall we give some thought to how we may best deal with Victor?”
Neil sighed. It would be an even more miserable night if he spent it perched on the edge of the mattress. Easing back until he was beside Robin, he drew his knees up and wrapped his arms around them. “We tell Victor it was all a big misunderstanding. We’d heard from someone at Columbia—we don’t remember who—that Victor had a house he wanted to lease, so we came by to look at it, found the door open, and took a peek inside. If we’d been trying to steal something, wouldn’t we have walked out of the house with it?”
“We did take the journal. If that relative who’s destined to disappear has not yet gone, he may well identify it as his.” Robin made an exasperated sound. “It’s all rather difficult to judge from this vantage point.”
“We need to frame this so I’m the bad guy,” Neil said. “It’s better if Victor and the cops believe you’re an innocent lamb led astray.”
Robin shifted nearer and kissed his cheek. “I won’t see you go off to serve a term on the island. Not by yourself, at any rate. As adept as you may be at life in 2014, I don’t think you’ve sense enough to stay out of trouble here.”
“So says the man who nearly got himself arrested trying to buy lunch.”
“You realize with that argument, you’re only proving my point.”
“If this is about my lack of manners, I can’t say I’ve seen a whole lot of people with better manners since I got here.”
Robin breathed a laugh. “Granted, one may find better manners than yours even in the Tombs, but the odds are hardly favorable.”
“Yeah, well, any incentive I had to be on my best behavior went rapidly downhill after Mrs. Kravitz sicced Javert on us. Just wait till I’m bathing in the river in midwinter or getting up at five to spend the day breaking rocks. You haven’t seen cranky.”
Robin eased even nearer and Neil leaned against him. The chill in the cell was bearable, with Robin pressed close. The distant chatter along the passageway had quieted and the persistent odors seemed marginally less toxic. Even the rats appeared, for the moment, to be otherwise occupied. He might—conceivably—catch some shut-eye.
He was vaguely aware of drifting in that direction when Robin’s voice came, ripe with puzzlement, out of the darkness.
“Mrs. Kravitz? I’d have sworn her name was Cavill.”
Neil broke out laughing, weary laughter but—God, the comfort in it. He buried his face in Robin’s neck. “I’m so damned glad you’re here.”
Robin laughed despite any lingering bemusement. His lips rested a moment on Neil’s forehead. “No more glad than I, to have you.”
Beneath the sentiment ran a note of sorrow Neil was still pondering when exhaustion won out.
As lovely as the Pearsalls were, Susan had never felt more out of place. Glad to get away from the house, she’d hoped to find some respite in the passing view and her own jumbled thoughts; but her attention kept straying to the quiet figure seated beside her. Joe seemed to be in search of the same respite, his features somber, his clear-eyed gaze fixed far away. He was probably thinking about home, himself, and wishing he were there.
When the cab jolted to a stop, he was the first out—only to turn and offer Susan help climbing down. “I’ll meet you upstairs after I’ve paid the bill.”
Susan found a welcome quiet in the tidy, gaslit room. The two day dresses she and Elizabeth had picked out still lay on the bed. Trying on the gowns had been such fun, choosing one out of a dozen almost impossible. The “health” corset Elizabeth had laced her into, uncomfortable at first, she’d nearly forgotten she was wearing. She wouldn’t miss it, but she might miss the cozy hotel, the carriage rides, the music and dancing...
He’d played If You Knew Susie on the piano for her. Something no one else had ever done. Or would think to do.
She had no reason to feel like Cinderella after the ball. It was just a reaction to everything she’d been through. A good night’s sleep and the lonely feeling would slip away, forgotten in the sensible light of day. Going to the window, she looked out on the lovely dreamworld that was night-time Broadway. Some shops were still lit and the gas lamps brightened both sidewalk and road, falling like moonlight on people strolling past. She had no real time for sightseeing and even less time for falling in love. It seemed selfish to want to stay, with the danger that might present. Even one small act might lead to disaster. She didn’t want to return to an unrecognizable world. But was she worrying for nothing? Perhaps it was presumptuous to think her life could affect so many others.
Sometimes it was difficult to fathom her effect on just one.
She was just afraid, maybe. Afraid she would fall for him and be tempted to trade the life she knew for one that would feel entirely unreal...  
A rap at the door brought her out of her reverie, stealing away a little of her glum mood with it, and it occurred to her she’d recognized Joe’s knock. She opened the door and greeted him with a hesitant smile. “All settled up?”
He nodded. “Ready to hunt down some dinner?”
“Nearly.”
She turned to look for her wrap and he wandered to the window. “You have a better view.”
“Do I?” The street lights cast a pale glow over Grace Church, leaving it all the more delicate and ethereal. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
“It’s my favorite in the city. There’s something about the way the spires rise toward Heaven...” He paused, hand upraised. “That sounds a little sappy,” he said with a laugh.
Susan smiled. “I’ve always thought it’s how a church should look. Not overbearing or demanding. It just calls to you quietly. Wistfully.” Somewhat like the tender gaze on her now.
“It does.” His voice was low and warm, his grin a teasing contrast. “The pervading law of the heart and the soul—”
“Form ever following function,” Susan whispered. “Don’t tell me you studied architecture. I may cry.”
“I won’t tell you, then.” His arms came around her, his lips gentle on hers. She wordlessly encouraged him to crush her closer. She wanted to melt into every sweet facet of sensation and give herself up to it—to him, when his hands slipped to her shoulders, then cradled her face while he teased her with tender kisses, as if he wanted to discover how many ways there were to kiss her gently before he pressed for more.
The warmth flooding her made her want to kiss him until she couldn’t breathe. She threaded fingers in his hair and shaped her mouth with careless abandon against his. The kiss invited him to be as unrestrained—and suddenly she was sinking into the soft mattress, with Joe sprawled half-over her, his cheek pressed to hers as he gasped for breath, too. “I love you, Susan.”
It was a foolish thing to say. And more foolish to believe. “Is the door locked?”
“I have no idea.” He was laughing as he sat up and felt around in his pockets, ostensibly for the key. The one he fished out was attached to a familiar red ribbon. “Damn, I forgot.” He slipped back down to her side and laid the key in her hand. “I’m sorry about that, too.”
Her bit of old copper, safe and sound. Smoothing the ribbon, she wrapped it around her fingers, and the old habit made her eyes burn. Or maybe that had more to do with Joe’s remorseful tone. It was an emotion she’d become reacquainted with, herself. “I thought I knew who you were. I didn’t see—”
“I didn’t let you. Mortal enemies and all that. Never show weakness.” There was embarrassment under the joking confession.
Susan eyed him consideringly. “Maybe you showed it. I just didn’t want to see it. Even after you turned up at the asylum, I thought you’d come because you were sure I must know the secret of the house. But the man who got me out of there...” She shook her head, still marveling. “He wasn’t the man I thought I knew.”
“I don’t seem to be the man anyone knows. I’m certainly not the great-great-grandson Victor hoped for.”
“Would you want to be?”
He smiled. “Will you think so well of me once we’re home and battling over buildings again?”
An answer didn’t spring readily to her lips. It was a subject she and Joe would never entirely agree on, despite the interest he’d shown in sightseeing. But her old heartache over those losses had shifted just a little. “So much in this world needs saving.”
“This world or ours?”
“Both.” She swallowed against the ache in her throat. “I wish...”
His lips brushed her cheek, so sweetly. “Things will get better at Blackwell’s, remember. I don’t recall just when, but that newspaper exposé should be coming along any day now.”
“I know.” She couldn’t keep back the tears. “But it’s so awful there. I wanted to help them.”
“The dangers of time travel.” He was joking again, but so sympathetically, it eased her grief. “We won’t leave the past unchanged. You made a difference for Elizabeth.”
“Not yet. Victor might find her. If I could just reach—” She couldn’t bring herself to place her father in the nineteenth century. “If we could locate Stephen Lennox and free Elizabeth’s dad, I’d feel all right about going home.”
“Well, you’re the one with the key.” He kissed her again, tender, comforting. “I’m just the guy on the side of the road, hoping to hitch a ride.”
He wouldn’t ask. He was leaving it all up to her. Susan wanted that trust to be more than one-sided. “You’ll have to wait for the next thunderstorm.”
An instant of confusion in Joe’s eyes passed swiftly to amazement. “It was storming—” He burst into a laugh. “God, I’m an idiot. I was so caught up in trying to prove myself to Victor...” He rolled onto his back and exhaled a softer laugh, rueful. “It’s so easy to think of in the abstract, all the things you could do with the power to travel in time. And so different to be here and know what we know. What they don’t know. What they’re not even ready to hear about, let alone embrace. The idea of introducing change...” His hand found hers, holding on in an almost absent-minded way, and an underlying truth crept up on her.
“You rescued me so you wouldn’t be alone here.”
“That wasn’t all of it.” His lips curled, the faint smile more self-deprecating than anything else. “You were that exasperating nut so determined to keep New York in the Dark Ages. But somewhere along the way, you became my exasperating nut and all I wanted was—” His gaze slipped away and he blinked, Adam’s apple bobbing. “Jesus. I’m sorry, Susan.”
She eased up and leaned over him, smiling. “What did you want?”
His hand moved over her shoulder to rest at her nape, his fingers loosening the ribbon in her hair. He drew her down and his mouth found hers with desire that was answer enough. But when she drew back to catch her breath, he shook his head as if he wasn’t sure he’d convinced her.
“I’m the exasperating nut,” he said with a watery laugh.
“You’re a good guy. And a patient one, I hope.” Despite tears threatening to get the better of her, too, she grinned. “It’s going to take a good ten minutes, minimum, to get me out of this dress.”
Chapter Nineteen
It was the most unreal night he’d passed since he once slept in the park, after an argument with his dad. And that night, full of cold rain, menacing strangers, stray dogs, and irritable cops, paled in comparison.
He seemed to sleep in ten-minute increments, snapped awake again and again by noises—some loud, some unsettlingly soft—all around and outside the cell. He sank into nightmares, waking to realize there was no refuge from them. As the hours crept, the bad dreams seemed preferable.
When he’d said he was glad for Robin’s presence,  he’d meant it, despite the joking tone. In the bitter cold that breathed through the walls to drip down on him, in darkness so solid it felt permanent, Robin was his life raft, a steady, warm presence that kept him persuaded morning would come and, possibly with it, freedom. The arms around him, the drowsy reassurances that they were safe enough for the moment, the occasional testy admonition to try to sleep—it was a supreme comfort when intermittent shouts and banging doors jarred him or he noticed the quiet scratching coming from under the bed.
In the smallest hours, he’d braved the dark corner beyond the bed, to use the bucket—a degrading necessity that was just as unreal as everything else. He’d been shivering when he crawled back and laid his head wearily on Robin’s lap. Robin, half-asleep, had settled over him—the best damned blanket ever—and Neil had lain awake for just a few minutes longer, listening to the rain and the distant rumble of thunder. Perfect timing, weather-wise, when he was locked up indefinitely. He could not reconcile himself to the idea of becoming accustomed to life in a nineteenth century prison. He just hoped he could get out before the rats started to look like dinner. Besides being cold, worried, and near numb with dread, he was famished...
“All right, up with you!” The gruff voice was loud, yet barely carried over the door’s clang. Half-awake, Neil opened one eye uneasily, to see two red-cheeked, red-nosed guards standing over him, looking all too ready to assist if they weren’t granted swift cooperation.
Neil struggled up, locking a hand around Robin’s wrist to pull him along. “Is it morning?” He couldn’t tell if the room had lightened or he’d merely gotten used to the dark.
“Is it morning, he asks. Ain’t a time of day you’re knowing, eh? Keeping cracksmen’s hours and all.” The guard’s comment provoked a laugh from his colleague.
“These two? They don’t look like they’ve got it in ‘em.”
Neil glanced at Robin, to see the utter ludicrousness of the situation wasn’t lost on him. Silence seemed the rule of the wise, at least until they were handed over to a new set of guards on the other side of the courtyard. In the corridor leading back to the offices, Neil broke the silence to lean sideways and whisper, “Better let me do the talking this time.”
Robin shot him a disbelieving look. “This time? And who, pray, did it last?”
“Well, officially, you—”
“Officially?”
“I can’t help it if Hasket threw some questions my way.”
“No, and since he’s likely to do it again, I suppose I should leave it to you. But if they’ve brought Victor in—”
“You can do the talking. Just remember what he knows. And doesn’t know.”
Hasket stood at the end of the corridor, intent on their approach. If he’d had a long night, there was no sign of it in his assessing stare. “Mr. Winfield. Mr. Lennox. I trust you’ve gotten an adequate taste of what the future holds.” He opened the door. “Speaking of which, I’m sorry I can’t offer you anything to eat, but once we’re done here, you’ll have your breakfasts.”
Neil checked a sigh. He could see where this was going. “We don’t mind the wait.” He returned to the chair he’d spent far too much time trying to get comfortable in, the day before. “Truth be told, we’re intrigued to see this list of items we’ve stolen from Mr. McGowan. In fact, I’d say our anticipation in that regard is boundless.” He turned to Robin. “Wouldn’t you?”
“One always likes to be apprised of what one has obtained under nefarious circumstances,” Robin said with an archness directed more at Neil than Captain Hasket, who appeared to notice it not at all.
“McGowan?” Hasket looked from Robin to Neil, a contemplative tilt to his head. “What do you imagine Mr. McGowan has to do with this?”
As tired as he was, Neil didn’t think his nerves could have been strung any tighter. “I thought you were having the property owner come identify his alleged possessions.”
Hasket inclined his head, though a smile still played on his lips. “Indeed. When he heard Mrs. Cavill’s statement, he wanted a word with you both. Not the wisest idea, I thought. But I’ve reconsidered.” Rising, he opened the door, stepping just outside, and gestured to the guard. “I think we’ll have him in after all, if you would be so kind, Sergeant.”
Neil shifted his chair closer to Robin’s. “You all right?”
Robin drew back his shoulders, his hands locked in his lap. “I’ll just tell him a gentleman unknown to me gave me the journal and asked that I give it to him. When we didn’t find him at home, the journal led us to the house.”
“You’re sure he wasn’t the one who left the journal at the house?”
“I don’t think so...” Robin trailed off as Hasket stepped back inside the room, the sergeant behind him.
Neil plucked at Robin’s sleeve. “I’ll handle it,” he whispered.
Robin only stared past Neil, with bewilderment Neil couldn’t interpret. Hasket’s sardonic good cheer filled the room. “The gentlemen in question, sir. Robin Winfield and Neil Lennox. No relation, I assume.”
A chair scraped and Neil turned to see a lanky figure fold himself into it and lay a well-callused hand on the tabletop. As he raised his head, shaggy brown hair fell across his forehead and into his eyes, and he combed it back carelessly, fixing a razor-sharp gaze on Neil. It was an intensely interested gaze, Neil knew—because he’d seen it a thousand times before, just the same. And it was proof at last that he was lost in a hell of a nonsensical nightmare, probably after one slice of pizza too many, because there was no way to explain how a man five years deceased—no, a man sixty-odd years from being born—was sitting across from him without the slightest trace of recognition in his astonishingly youthful face.
“Neil?” Robin’s urgent whisper startled him.  
Neil opened his mouth to answer, but nothing resembling speech tumbled forth. Stephen Lennox smiled faintly at him, the way someone might smile at an eccentric stranger, and Neil’s chest went tight, impeding his breathing. Hasket sat down and laid the journal on the table. “Mr. Lennox,” he began, with a nod of his head toward Stephen, “has identified this book as his. I will inquire of you,” he went on with a nod at Neil, “and Mr. Winfield just how you came by it, if you did not, as you say, take it from the premises.”
A piece of the puzzle dropped into place. “You wrote this?” Even as he asked, he knew it was a dumb question. The journal was in his dad’s chicken scratch. He should have known the moment he set eyes on it.
“We will ask the questions,” Hasket said. “How did you come by it?”
“We found it,” Robin said.
Hasket glanced at Stephen, whose gaze narrowed—still good-humoredly—on Neil. “I didn’t realize I’d lost it.”
Neil choked back the desire to laugh, sensing it would not go over well, especially with a pronounced edge of raw anxiety. “Really? You look like the kind of guy who loses stuff all the time—”
“I’ll not permit this disrespect,” Hasket snapped.
But Stephen acknowledge the accusation with a rueful smile. “I lose things now and then. Where did you come across it?”
“At Columbia,” Robin said with such confidence, Neil thought he must have recognized Stephen, too—a different Stephen.
“Yes...” It was slow and considering, but Neil knew how rapidly the wheels spun behind it. “I’ve seen you about. You’re new to Columbia.”
Robin shifted in the chair, hands still clasped, knuckles gone white. “I am.”
Stephen’s attention swung back to Neil with wordless inquiry and Neil fought down panic that wanted to fly free. He had to play the part of a stranger. If he messed things up, it might be more than a little detrimental to his continued existence—and Susan’s. “I’m new to New York, myself,” he offered haltingly. This New York, anyway.
Stephen nodded. “And you teach?”
That one stung. If his dad had been proud of anything where he was concerned... “That’s right. Younger students. Not college-age.”
“I see. And which of you decoded the journal?”
“I did,” Neil said before Robin could. “It wasn’t easy to figure out,” he added with a grin. It had taken him long enough to learn, and he’d been a quicker study than Susan.
Stephen sat back, hands steepled and resting against his chin. The green eyes that had looked upon Neil with an affection occasionally tinged with exasperation—and a few times with weary resignation—now contained nothing more than detached interest. He was intrigued, Neil knew, but mainly with trying to trip them up. “My name is nowhere in the book,” Stephen said at last. “How did you know it was mine?”
Fresh alarm rose in his gut, swamping him with something like nausea, only colder. “Well—”
“We’ve read your treatise on eighteenth century architecture,” Robin said. “Your handwriting is distinctive.”
Stephen’s brows rose. “Have you? I thought only my students had perused it.”
“Well, it’s made the rounds,” Robin said, smiling. “Your knowledge is considerable.”
“Sure to inspire future generations,” Neil said softly.
Hasket leaned in. “If we may attend the matter at hand...”
“I beg your pardon.” Stephen rose. “I may well have misplaced the journal—in which case, I thank you gentlemen for the return of it. Captain, a word with you privately.”
His dad was ever true to form, Neil mused, as the two of them stepped from the room; slow to come to a decision, but swift to make sure everyone was in accord with it. As hard-nosed as Hasket seemed, Stephen would have the man persuaded, one way or another, before they reappeared. Neil took some grim amusement in realizing his father was the one throwing him into prison, but that didn’t overshadow the greater issue. He’d changed history by returning to Stephen a journal meant to be discovered by Victor. And he couldn’t right things, not if he was destined to be locked up for the next six months...year...or however long a probably unsympathetic judge decreed.
“Neil?” Robin’s eyes shone with worry.
Neil didn’t even know where to begin. “Notice the resemblance?”
Robin nodded. “He’s your father?”
“In the flesh.” He was still trying to comprehend it. “I think I should ask to speak to him alone and tell him everything. He’s going to know eventually, anyway—”
The door opened, only Captain Hasket coming in. Neil wasn’t sure what to make of his unsmiling features. “I know this is a lot to ask, but if you’d let me have a few minutes to talk to...” Neil cleared his throat. “To Mr. Lennox, I feel sure I could clear up this whole misunderstanding.”
“No need.” Hasket said matter-of-factly. “Mr. Lennox says you’ve stolen nothing from the house and went so far as to state he feels comfortable vouching for your characters. Well, yours,” he amended with a nod at Robin. “Yours, however...” He turned back to Neil. “Yours, he was less sure of.”
Neil had to laugh at that. Hasket raised an eyebrow but went on. “Being in Mr. Winfield’s company was your saving grace.” He turned to the door. “You’re free men. Please refrain from venturing into residences without explicit invitation, if you will, and we shall not have to provide you lodgings at any time hence.”
“Captain...” Neil hesitated as the man turned back to him. “Is Mr. Lennox still here? I want to—thank him.”
“I’m afraid he’s left. You can likely catch him...” Hasket hesitated as if just realizing that wasn’t the wisest suggestion. “Just don’t provoke him into changing his mind.”
“He doesn’t change his mind easily,” Neil said. “You can trust me on that.”
The overcast morning should have cheered him, but he was more interested in the road than the sky. It was no use searching, though. Stephen was gone. Neil stopped Robin in the process of hailing a cab. “Let’s walk.”
“We can still find him,” Robin said gently. “If you wish.”
“I don’t think I want to find him. This is enough of a mess. We’d just better hope he leaves that journal lying around where Victor can...” Oh, hell. Victor and Stephen might be related. Robin had said as much, more than once. That was something Neil didn’t really want to face at the moment.
While his thoughts ran in confused circles, his feet kept a swift pace toward 29th. Robin never once asked him to slow down. His company is your saving grace.
Hell if it wasn’t.
When he was safely back in Robin’s quiet, shuttered room, his jumbled thoughts converged, zeroing in on his tongue. “You know what the stupid thing is? The stupid thing is—the sheer idiocy of it is—how I’ve gone twenty-nine years buying all sorts of inexplicable shit that was never really explained to me, and I just accepted it all, like a five-year-old believing Santa’s coming down the chimney every Christmas.”
Neil circled the room, picking up books, flipping through them, setting them back down. “My mom. Julia. You know how she met him? She volunteered at the Bowery Mission. They found him wandering the streets, living on potato chips and quarter water. Dazed, filthy, lost. Head injury...” Neil ran a hand over his own head, then half-heartedly tried to smooth his mussed hair. God, he needed a bath. And a meal. And—what the hell had he been saying? “It was a concussion, I guess. A bad one. Took a while for him just to remember his name. So, yeah, who wouldn’t conclude he must’ve been a nutty nineteenth century scientist who inadvertently built a time machine and ended up a hundred years in the future, only to be robbed or—hit by a car—” His throat constricted and he stopped in the middle of the room, with no earthly idea what to do. Everything was in knots, including him. Knots too tight to be pulled loose.
“Neil.”
A hand fell on his arm and Neil shook his head, stepping away. He didn’t want to see the outpouring of sympathy or even feel it. At the window, he eased the shutter open just enough to peer out. A city full of strangers. Funny, how that had never bothered him before. “Weird, isn’t it? You see someone a certain way for so many years and you don’t want to stop seeing them that way. Even the rotten memories are still your memories.” Neil leaned against the wood, closing his eyes. “That guy we met, I don’t know who the hell that was. Jesus, he was barely older than I am. He looked right at me and he...” Neil let out a ragged breath. “He didn’t see me.”
“And yet I think you made an impression on him,” Robin said, a trace of humor mingled with the affection in his voice. Bedsprings squeaked, and Neil knew Robin was sitting there, dog-tired. He was tired, himself. Closing the shutter, he wandered to the bed by way of another circuit around the room.
“I thought I was okay.” He sat and leaned his elbows on his knees. “When he died, I tried not to think about it too much. But after a while, I was glad for the memories. He’d never been like anyone else’s dad.” A faint laugh escaped him. “Now I know why.” 
An arm slipped over his shoulders and Robin leaned against him, pressing a tender kiss on his head. “You must have been close, to miss him this much.”
It surprised Neil to realize it. “I guess we were.” The ache spread too fast to be pushed down. His eyes stung and he kept his head bent. Robin kissed him again and it was a welcome distraction. He turned and kissed Robin on the mouth. Robin started at the suddenness of it, but there was no objection as the kiss went on. Thoughts he didn’t want to be thinking receded and he pulled Robin into his arms, ready to lose himself in the present in a good way. The thud of boots on the stair made him pull back swiftly, almost reflexively.
Robin laughed. “That’s Mr. Jamison, back corner room.”
He knew when they were in danger. Because he had to. “Goddamn.” Neil blew out another breath. He was shaking. “Sorry.”
Robin dismissed that with another kiss. “An unavoidable instinct, self-preservation. You’re not familiar with the landscape just yet.” 
The desire to give in to tears was still there, pressing at the back of Neil’s throat. He let Robin remove his shoes, maneuver him to the pillow, and pull a wellworn quilt over him. The relief in his muscles and his aching head only made tears more imminent and he closed his eyes, trying to steady his breathing. He found the creak of the bedsprings oddly comforting, maybe because it predicated more comfort in the form of Robin spooned behind him, close enough to warm the back of his neck with a kiss.
“Rest,” Robin whispered.
He didn’t need to be told. The soothing rhythm of fingers through his hair kept him from his thoughts as efficiently as his aborted attempt at seduction. “Robin.”
“Yes?”
“You worry a lot about being arrested?” He didn’t like the thought.
“I’m careful.” There was a stretch of quiet. “I’ll feel braver, though, I think. Knowing things will be better after a bit.”
Neil wriggled around to look at him. “Not too much braver, all right? For God’s sake, you worry me enough already.”
Robin smiled at him, sleepy-eyed. “Do I?” His lashes drifted down. “Good.”
Manhattan made its usual noonday racket beyond the shutters, a lullaby that worked as well on him as it would a hundred years in the future. The noise that woke him sometime later was all the more innocuous, but it wouldn’t be dismissed. Rain—heavy, from the sound of it. No thunder accompanied it and he tried to relax back into sleep, but the smell of toast and coffee roused him. Sitting up, he peered around the curtain and saw the table set, a silver coffeepot gleaming in the flicker of the spirit lamp. Robin lowered the flame and, turning, noticed him. “I thought the rain might wake you,” he said, smiling. “Come have something to eat.”
Too groggy to do more than follow instructions, Neil got up and came to the table. The meal Robin had scraped together—eggs, toast, sausages, and coffee—smelled heavenly. Neil cracked open the shutter at his elbow, to see a muddy street below. “How long has it been coming down?”
‘Ten minutes, perhaps.” Robin poured the coffee. “How did you sleep? I know the accommodations aren’t what you’re used to—”
“The accommodations included you. That was pretty much all I cared about.” Noting the way Robin’s brows rose, he frowned. “I didn’t mean it as sentimental as it sounded.”
“Of course. I will assign it a suitably modest degree.”
Neil had to put more effort into keeping the frown in place. “I meant it matter-of-factly, all right? I needed you. You were there. I’m just saying thanks. That’s all.”
Robin appeared enlightened. “I’ll venture into dangerous waters, myself, and own that I find as much comfort and pleasure in your company.” The dry note yielded to something warmer and more direct. “My thanks.”
Neil snorted. “I’ve never seen anyone get that much mileage out of one little compliment. You have any jam?”
“I believe there was some in the cupboard.” Robin started to rise and Neil waved him back.
“Don’t run downstairs for it. I’m all right.” He scooped eggs and sausage onto the toast, sprinkled a spoonful of sugar over it, and mashed it together.
Robin’s grimace was devoid of any sentimentality. “Is that how you always take it?”
“Depends on what’s at hand. Jam, cinnamon, peanut butter, cheese. Anything. You never know what might turn out good. My dad used to pile together all sorts of messes...” The memory, upturned, seemed fraught with a whole new weight of meaning. “He was always up for adventure. I never realized to what extent,” Neil said with a laugh. “I guess I was more adventuresome in those days. I never really thought about it but—maybe a lot of my desire for it was lost with him.”
“I don’t believe you’re entirely without a sense of adventure,” Robin remarked, eyeing the plate distastefully. He caught Neil’s glance and broke into a laugh. “Besides, you’re here. And that must count for something.”
“Right now, I’m more concerned about being anywhere, if we’ve done something that’s going to prevent my dad from traveling forward.”
Robin set down his cup. “If Stephen spends as much time at the house as it seems, he likely just left the journal behind on the day he disappeared—and Victor, in searching for him, stumbled across it.”
Neil wanted to accept that as gospel, but he was still uneasy. “We’ve made him more conscious of losing the thing now. He might not leave it behind when he travels. If he shows up in ‘82 and reading the journal sparks his memory, he might not stay. He won’t end up in the mission, he won’t meet Julia...” Neil sank back in the chair. Overwhelming, the potential for irrevocable change. And the damage might already be done.
“Do you want to talk to him?”
Neil heard in Robin’s tone that he knew the answer to that question. Both answers. “I don’t think so.” The words came reluctantly off his tongue. “If he knows that chances are he won’t remember the life he’s leaving behind... Would you be willing to do that? I don’t know if I would.” Appetite lost, he drained the coffee cup and got up. “What if he already has a wife and kids?” Neil pushed open the shutter on a rain-soaked world. “What if he’s supposed to have a wife and kids, and traveling forward prevents that? What if—”
Robin’s arms were around him, turning him from the window to meet a resolute gaze. “Those pivotal moments you’re talking about, they’re choices we must make, for better or worse. Choosing with your whole heart is the only way forward. If you knew what wonderful things awaited you a hundred years hence, you might be anxious for that storm to come.”
“Unless he’s got something wonderful right here.” Neil sagged back against the glass, which seemed to rumble against him in protest. Thunder, low and distant. “Well, I guess that relieves us of the decision. And the responsibility.” It was a sharper edge than he intended and it still didn’t cut deep enough to distract him from the ugly grief rearing its head. He looked at Robin and remembered then that his wasn’t the only life in turmoil. “You got mixed up in a hell of a mess.”
“Perhaps I’m not entirely without a sense of adventure, either.” Robin’s kiss was tender, not so much an invitation as an affirmation. Grateful for that and the distraction it provided, Neil kissed back with building hunger, pulling Robin with him as he moved in a blind dance for somewhere to land. Above the beat of rain, thunder boomed, and Robin broke from the kiss. “Are you sure—”
“Yes. To hell with the neighbors. And the storm. And everything else.” Neil pressed for kisses that would keep him warm, keep him in the present, give him some breathing room—and Robin seemed helpless to resist. Maybe he wanted the distraction, too. Maybe he liked it. Maybe he likes you. A lot more than he should.
They hit the mattress and Neil went lax against him, burying his face in Robin’s neck. He was drowning and he knew if he succumbed and bawled his eyes out, Robin would forgive him. He wasn’t so sure he’d forgive himself. His dad wasn’t his dad, his sister was God-knew-where, Robin, Joe, and probably a whole lot of others were permanently displaced, history was in danger of becoming an unfamiliar record, and he just wanted to cry like a two-year-old.
No good. No good at all.
Robin’s arms came closer around him. “Are you ready to go?”
He drank in the warmth of Robin’s skin against his cheek and the now-familiar way Robin’s hands moved up and down his back. It restored his balance, enough to let him sit up, tired and shaken but determined to be steadier. “If your theory’s right and we bounce back to 2014...” He hooked a hand around Robin’s tie and hauled him up so they were eye to eye. “I am going to devour you whole.”
The sparkle in Robin’s gaze had, Neil knew, nothing to do with the promise of future lust. “Did you mean that as sentimental as it sounded?”
By the time they reached the Bowery, Neil could not deny that Robin was far more on the ball than he in dealing with the weather. Despite the heavy downpour, they were both nearly dry, thanks to an ancient cotton and whalebone umbrella that could’ve doubled as lethal weapon if the need arose. Expecting to break a window to get in, Neil was disturbed to find the house unlocked. Robin lingered with him in the open doorway. “Do you suppose it’s a trap?”
“Set by whom? Unless O’Dell got his laundry bill and he’s out to even the score, no, I don’t think so. If you ask me, this has Mr. Lennox’s carelessness written all over it.”
“Which Mr. Lennox?”
Neil made a face at him. “I couldn’t have locked the door if I’d wanted to, not with a twentieth century key. Anyway,” he went on as he followed Robin up, “there’s nothing here worth stealing. That old parlor sofa, maybe, but we’d have a hell of a time trying to get that out the door. The thing is, I’m not so sure Stephen really believed we found the journal. He had that same look on his face he used to get when we—well, mostly Susan—did something we shouldn’t have and we tried to spin a lie to get out of trouble. He knew...” Realization struck a solid blow, stopping him dead on the landing.
Robin turned in the middle of the hall. “What is it?”
Neil yanked open the satchel, rummaging through until he found the pocket watch. “He went through the bag for anything that belonged to him. He saw this. And he didn’t say a word.”
“He recognized it?”
“He must have, just by the Faraday quote engraved on it.”
“Then...” Robin seemed to arrive at the same conclusion in that instant. He ran into the back room, Neil right behind, and came to a standstill at the threshold of the front.
Silhouetted in the weak light coming through the copper screen, Stephen Lennox stood, looking out on the storm. “Lovely traveling weather, wouldn’t you say?”
Torn between evasion and a terrible desire to blurt out the truth—the entire truth—Neil couldn’t do either. Robin drew an uneasy breath but said nothing, evidently intending to leave explanations to him.
Stephen turned an inquisitive gaze on Neil. “That is how it works, isn’t it? How you came to be here, Mr. Lennox?”
“What makes you think that?” Okay, so—evasion. And his dad was having no more of it than usual.
“You’ve belongings of mine. Belongings I still possess. You’ve one of my brother-in-law’s firearms, and he hasn’t discovered it missing or he’d have complained about it. You claim to have read my treatise. No one’s read it. I’ve only just finished it.”
Neil swung an exasperated glance at Robin, who looked adequately chagrined. “I could have sworn—”
“You decoded my journal. Not impossible,” Stephen acknowledged with a dry chuckle. “But I like to think it’s more than the work of a few hours.”
The familiar laugh jolted Neil far more than the flash of lightning beyond the glass. “Circumstantial evidence...” He faltered as Stephen, still smiling, moved toward him.
“You’ve my name,” he said, as if encouraging a particularly obtuse pupil. “My watch. My knife. And, it appears, my eyes and chin.” He regarded Neil with disquieting fascination. “The strangest part...” His brows drew together, a small frown appearing. “I feel as if I should know who you are.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m not sure you ever knew.”
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Neil regretted them. An elated light instantly eclipsed Stephen’s fascination. “Good heavens. That must mean I married.” He seemed entranced by the idea. When Neil didn’t rush to confirm it, his frown came back. “I did marry?”
Lightning flashed, thunder close on its heels. Robin got a panicked grip on Neil’s arm. “We can’t let him go without the truth. If he lands in the wrong year—” Lightning flooded the room, brightening all around Stephen, who was fairly grinning in delight. A heartbeat later, the lightning vanished.
And so did he.
“Oh, God.” Neil lurched through the doorway, reaching—for his own life, before it popped like a soap bubble when Stephen landed on some other day in some other year to meet some other woman...
“Neil.” Robin was beside him. “Are you all right?”
“That’s still my name,” Neil whispered. He clutched at Robin’s shoulders. “I’m Neil Lennox. I have a sister named Susan. My mom’s name is Julia. That was all true before, right?”
“All true.” Robin cradled his face. “Listen to me. There’s no call for panic. If we’re right, he’s gone somewhere close to the last days of the house’s existence, but I believe that would be from his vantage point. Consider that when he landed the first time, the house was scheduled to be torn down. He must have done something to stop that—”
“He stopped my mom.” That memory was still intact, if all but buried in his childhood. “She’d planned to leave town. Move away. She was unhappy about something...” Neil frowned. “She worked for the Landmarks Commission and I guess she found it pretty frustrating. Then she met Stephen and decided to stay. She might’ve been the one responsible for saving the house. I know she saved more than one.”
“We arrived before Stephen left 1887. Would it not seem likely the scheduled date, from this point in time, is still 1982?”
“Not if Victor planned to tear it down—”
“The house still belongs to Stephen. Victor hasn’t taken ownership.”
Neil shook his head. “Damn, I don’t know. Maybe. Would that mean if we go now—” Lightning flashed, making him jump. He exhaled harshly. “I used to like thunderstorms.” Another bolt bathed the room in stark light, thunder shattering Neil’s train of thought. “Jesus. Why don’t we go, already? That was the worst yet...” He trailed off as Robin seized hold of his wrist. Following Robin’s gaze to the rain-splattered glass, he comprehended that the storm was already fading. But they hadn’t traveled. The skyline announced its nineteenth century presence even from where he stood.
“We missed it again.” He didn’t resist as Robin pulled him along to the window. “I can’t believe it. He goes and we’re the ones who—”
“Neil.” Robin for once sounded genuinely reluctant to interrupt him. That was not a good sign.
Neil looked out. “I’m not sure what you’re expecting, but that’s definitely not 1982. Trust me. I’ve heard all the scary details and I think 1882 would be preferable.” The sorrow in Robin’s soft smile twisted Neil’s insides back into too-familiar knots. “Guess you’re seeing something I don’t.”
Robin’s hand slipped from the copper screen to lie flat against the wallpaper. There, in vivid green, was Susan’s message. Neil stared blankly. “That’s impossible. Or your theory’s totally off the mark.”
“Remember when I said my Manhattan was your Manhattan?” Robin’s sympathy was so naked and heartfelt, Neil resisted it automatically.
“They’re not about to tear the house down. No way. How...” The how didn’t matter. If he didn’t find out when and prevent the demolition, he, Susan, and Joe might as well find a cozy basement and take up rag-picking, because they were already irretrievably home.
Chapter Twenty
She’d been determined—determined—not to like him. From their first run-in, it had been a game to him, one she was certain he expected to win by virtue of his wealth. He’d enjoyed the confrontation. He took pleasure in trying to best her. She’d believed it even when he was gracious in his victories.
But he’d looked forward to those confrontations because he liked her. And he’d never said a word, unless she counted five years of dipping her pigtails in the inkwell. If he’d just spoken up...
She would have told him to go to hell.
Maybe.
She’d had rare glimpses of the nicer, sometimes charming man underneath. She’d wanted to reason with him, make him understand her position. But the longer they battled, the more it had seemed too late for that. Too late to talk, to compromise. To kiss and make up.
Maybe that’s why he’d never spoken. He’d seen it that way, too.
But he cared more about the city’s history than he wanted to let on. Or maybe the journey into the past was beginning to prove its worth.
As for the rest...
A shiver coursed through her at the recollection. He’d seemed a little uncertain, almost shy, after telling her so much. But once he’d helped her shed gown, petticoat, corset, stockings, slip, and drawers—a process that had her laughing at the start and desperate by the finish—she’d been all too aware of the look in his eyes, the desire banked behind the tender hazel light. The lack of a condom required a little improvisation, but it didn’t slow Joe down. He knew what he was doing and he did it so well, she was the one feeling shy afterward.
Curled up against him in the dark, with the street lights glowing at the window and the hotel around them falling quiet, she realized how much of a stranger he was. What she felt couldn’t be called love. Five years of fighting hardly counted as courtship. If she ever did come to care that much...
Well, it certainly wouldn’t happen today. Nor would her trip back home. She woke, feeling the sun on her skin even before she opened her eyes to see it on the blanket, shining on an envelope bearing her name. She had a vague memory of Joe rising to answer a knock at the door—and a short time later, he’d kissed her. She hadn’t realized he was going out.
Trying to suppress a rising worry, Susan sat up and opened the envelope. 
Dearest...
Aware she was lingering over that very ordinary endearment, she hurriedly read on. The Pearsalls had arranged a meeting with Victor and they’d called on Joe to attend. And of course he’d gone along with it to spare her any further dealings with Victor. Susan sighed. He was as overprotective as Neil. It could drive a girl nuts.
She tucked the letter into the envelope and slipped it into her carry-all. Even if she raced to dress, she still faced a good thirty-minute walk uptown, with no money for a cab. Maybe there was still an old coin or two at the bottom of her bag. Not enough for cabfare, but the train would only be five cents. Or was it ten?
Either way, she discovered she couldn’t pay it. Her coins were gone. Joe had probably used them to cover the cost of the room. The only copper she came up with was her key...
Her key. The one thing her dad must have had with him on his journey to the future, the very key she’d kept so long, held so often she knew its dimensions by heart. If it was a key to the house, she had a way to get back inside, even if Victor refused her access.
By the time a maid arrived to help lace and button her into a soft brown wool concoction with green trim at the collar and cuffs, Susan was set on her destination. She left Joe a hastily scribbled note and, foregoing breakfast, hit Broadway at a brisk pace despite her unwieldy skirts. It didn’t take long to draw stares. Last time, they’d noticed her dress—or lack of it. Now it was her solo status, she assumed. As charming as the past might be, she had to admit she wanted to go home. In 1887, she was the odd woman out, the one who knew much more than she should. The girl forever playing dress-up.
As homesick as she was, returning to 2014 promised new complications, at least where her career was concerned. Yielding to her attraction and encouraging Joe’s might not have been the wisest idea ever. She could come to regret it when they returned to their respective lives...
But the only thing she found herself regretting at the moment was his absence. The farther south she went, the more she wished she’d waited for him. He’d have no doubt been rolling his eyes when she pointed out buildings left and right, but she would have enjoyed provoking him right back. In the bright September morning, the view was magnificent, the architectural strata calling to her to linger. Maybe nineteenth century Bowery wasn’t the safest place to roam, but she’d wandered the worst of the city in her own time and survived Blackwell’s, to boot.
If there was any real danger, she would never have left the hotel. She certainly wouldn’t be loitering on the sidewalk in front of the house. But she had pictured so many times the day she’d find the lock for the key. At a naive age, she’d viewed the moment as all but fated. That was before things magical were muted by heartache. She’d stopped trying the key in various locks, but she’d never really given up believing she would find it.
She drove some people crazy, she knew, with her tendency to wrap her heart around the romance of a thing, to stand in awe of its enduring nature in a world that changed far too rapidly for her liking. It might serve her better to take a more reasoned approach and recognize that buildings were only brick and glass, and nothing could last forever. Even Amos Bratcher would probably appreciate it, if she did.
But her father had bequeathed his world to her, handing down a responsibility to remember the past and protect the treasures that made it real. And if his world had given her a greater appreciation of her own, she was only more resolved to keep both safe—and Joe McGowan would have to get used to it, if he hoped she might yet come to love him.
Maybe she was just wrapping her heart around the romance of that, but it didn’t seem impossible. The heart she’d uncovered in him, it wasn’t so unlike hers. Days ago, he’d been, in her estimation, a sly, self-absorbed robber baron. Now she hardly recognized him.
She barely recognized the house with its brickwork whole and sound, dormers recently painted, windows intact. Her father had taken good care of it. And he’d given her the key because he’d known—if only subconsciously—she would, too.
Slipping the red ribbon off her wrist, she climbed to the door. The brass rim lock was scrubbed and oiled, and the key slid in without resistance, turning as cleanly. She eased the door inward and immediately heard footsteps. Alarmed, she tightened her grip, about to slam shut the door—when from the darker end of the hall, a ghost emerged. His hair was untouched by gray, his features in their prime. God, how much like Neil he looked! His step was quicker than the one she’d grown used to, but his mannerisms were all him. He must have developed the habit of resting his hands on his stomach when he still wore a waistcoat. And he still dropped his chin toward his chest, his gaze too obvious in its shrewd study before he remembered to smile.
She couldn’t stop staring dumbly back. “Dad?”
His eyebrows rose at that, but his attention shifted to something behind her—and she heard another footfall, this time just a little too late.
“We’re good, right? There’s no construction crew waiting outside for the all-clear. So no need to panic.”
Of course, Robin wasn’t panicking. In fact, he seemed to be resisting a smile as he peered into the street. “I see no sturdy individuals armed with sledgehammers...” He trailed off and Neil quit pacing long enough to shoot him a wary look. 
“Robin?”
Without tearing his gaze away, Robin raised an arm and distractedly motioned, bringing Neil back to the window. In the rainy gloom, the Bowery was as busy as ever. It took a minute to zero in on a black wagon at the curb and the knot of policemen caught up in a determined struggle against a lone but apparently very pissed-off woman.
Robin tugged at his sleeve. “Is that—”
Susan.
“You could put her on the moon and she’d find a way to get into trouble.” Neil spun for the door and took the stairs with a speed that should have alarmed the more rational side of him. But he’d come too far and dealt with too much to stop and worry about a little tumble down the stairs. He should have known, should have placed bets on the likelihood that when he found Susan, it would be in police custody.
The front door stood open wide, with no sign anywhere of either Susan or the police. Neil scanned the road. The closed wagon was deep in traffic, heading north. “Damn. We need a cab.”
Robin was already in the street, hailing one. Neil turned to join him and bumped squarely into the last person he’d expected to see again. What shouldn’t have startled him was Stephen’s expression, the same pensive light that shone there every time Susan got in trouble. “Did you see her?”
“She...” Stephen was uncharacteristically hesitant. “She can’t be mine, too? They said she escaped from the asylum.”
“Who the hell said that? The police?” Neil’s blood temperature flirted with absolute zero. “Wait a second. What did Susan say?”
Robin reappeared on the sidewalk and grabbed hold of Neil, directing his attention to a pair of energetic horses and a slick barouche at the curb. Neil stared blankly. “I think that’s a little more than we need...” Or maybe it wasn’t, he realized, as Joe McGowan climbed down, followed by a young woman who turned in Stephen’s direction and let out an elated cry.
That drew a shocked breath from his dad. “Elizabeth!”
She was in his arms in an instant, crying, and he held her as tenderly as he used to hold Susan. The girl was family. Stephen’s family. Someone he cared about a whole hell of a lot. Someone he wouldn’t want to leave behind again.
Damn it, anyway. Neil smothered that worry under a fresh application of self-directed annoyance. Dwelling on the future wouldn’t accomplish anything, not when Susan was in more immediate trouble. And he knew a big part of the reason for that.
“You—” He had two handfuls of Joe’s coat before Robin could get hold of him. Joe seemed too startled to react, but Robin’s grip was inexorable. Neil resisted. “For God’s sake! Let me go. If anyone ever deserved a sock in the nose...”
“Enough.”
Though Stephen imbued the word with the mildest reproach, it had its customary effect. Frustrated, Neil twisted away from Robin and went after Joe in the only way left. “I’ve got news for you, McGowan. This house doesn’t belong to Victor. Or you. It’s Susan’s and she can leave it standing a million years—”
“You don’t know.” Joe’s quiet anger took Neil aback. “You don’t have the first idea what she’s been through.”
“You’d better tell us, then,” Stephen said.
Once they had piled into the barouche, Joe did, the rapid spill of his explanation competing with emotion that silenced him more than once. “Locking her up was Victor’s idea. I don’t know who he thought she was...” Joe glanced at Stephen. “I can see the resemblance, though, so I guess he could, too. But he never really bought the whole time travel thing. He didn’t even mention the house this morning.”
Neil wasn’t buying a few things, himself. “You saw him this morning?”
“Victor agree to meet with us. Mr. Pearsall, his father, and me. We thought Victor was ready to cooperate, since he’d been caught out, but he claimed he was only doing his duty, having Elizabeth committed.”
“And Susan?” Neil let his disbelief show. “He didn’t even know her.”
“No, but he got it into his head that it was her idea to con him. After I tried to break her out of Bellevue, he assumed we were in on it together. I don’t know if he really believed she was some distant relative, but he seemed sure she was there to extort every penny she could get.”
“And he gave up on the time travel,” Neil said with a snort. “Just decided to tear the house down?”
“He never saw the journal,” Robin said suddenly. At Neil’s glance, he nodded with only more conviction. “He hired me to find out why the dynamos were installed. He intended to sell the house or tear it down and wanted to be sure he wasn’t destroying anything of value...” Robin frowned. “I believe that was the extent of it.”
Disquieted, Neil slipped a hand around Robin’s wrist. “You’re remembering that?”
Robin’s brows drew together, lips briefly pursing. “I’m quite sure Victor was never in possession of the journal—”
“That’s because I have it,” Stephen said, producing it from under his coat.
With realization came a surge of relief. All but sagging with it, Neil took the journal and handed it to Robin. “Victor never saw it and neither did you. I wouldn’t be surprised if you only remembered it now because you’ve made a couple of trips outside the regular progression of time. But Victor hasn’t and I’d bet his memory isn’t as malleable. My guess is he scheduled the house for demolition because he has no idea what he’s got.”
“He seems confident he’s got the advantage,” Joe said. “He stormed out on us, swearing Elizabeth wouldn’t marry without his permission, if she wanted to see a penny of her inheritance.”
“Did he now.” Stephen sounded genial, almost amused—staying so as he twisted in his seat and gave the driver a 35th Street address. Elizabeth’s smile gave Neil the impression she was as familiar with that tone of voice. His dad had always been fairly even-tempered, despite his boundless opinions on every subject under the sun. Neil remembered seeing him truly angry, the sort of angry with a sense of the unstoppable about it, only a few times.
Stephen’s relish for confrontation in those circumstances still had the power to leave Neil unsettled. He was first out of the carriage after Stephen, who’d assisted Elizabeth to the sidewalk, then gone without ceremony to the front door and rapped sharply enough to be heard halfway down the street. The elderly servant who answered went white and put up no resistance as Stephen pushed past him.
Concerned someone in the house might be tempted to haul out a firearm and shoot Stephen for trespassing, Neil took the steps two at a time and bounded into the front hall at his heels. Household staff stood along the passageway, staring like deer in the headlights, but the footfall on the floor above was not that of any timid servant. Neil turned expectantly to the top of the stairs and had to bite back an exclamation at the resemblance of the prototype to the real thing. Or maybe this was the real thing, and Joe only a watered-down imitation.
Victor McGowan stormed down like a man possessed of every confidence he could make short work of the miscreants invading his home—until, midway, his gaze lit on Stephen. If he didn’t quite believe he was seeing a ghost, he seemed to realize the plans he’d concocted had just come crashing down around him. His smile went tight, his stare hard and uninviting. “Alive after all, I see. And I suppose you’ve come because you have all manner of accusations to throw at me. Never mind that you disappeared for weeks, with no word to anyone, leaving the police to best judge what befell you—”
“I understand they were ably assisted in that endeavor.”
The only sign of Stephen’s anger was the keenly honed edge of his conversational tone. But Victor seemed thoroughly aware of it. He remained on the broad bottom step, one hand resting on the newel post, the other tight around a walking stick. “The police did inquire. And I gave them the truth. You and Martin were at odds—”
“All brothers are at odds now and then, especially so when they’re in business together. Martin would no more harm me than I, him. You know as much.”
“And just how would I? If you’ll recall, I’m not party to most of your business decisions. If you’d not been so secretive...”
“You would have—what? Not led the police to believe Martin was involved in my disappearance? Not had Elizabeth shut away in a madhouse so you might claim her inheritance?” Anger mostly under wraps let a few sparks loose. “Does the promise between your father and mine mean so little to you?”
“My father was at a disadvantage in that agreement—”
“You’re hardly righting anything by working against us.” Stephen exhaled as if he regretted the sharp tone. He regarded Victor a moment, then took a step toward him. “These last four years have not passed kindly or gently, I know—”
“You don’t know,” Victor said, any trace of emotion buried under ice. “You’ve no idea.”
Stephen acknowledged it with a nod. “We never had any intention of cheating you out of the property Father left Eliza. Martin...” Stephen breathed a laugh that was more weary exasperation than anything else. “Despite all your threats and accusations, he was set on being fair. He considered you family. He gave you every chance and this is how you’ve repaid him. His own child...”
Neil glanced toward the door, where Elizabeth stood, Joe and Robin with her. Her eyes were bright, her features tense, but she didn’t weep. It occurred to him she and her father weren’t just Stephen’s family. They were his.
But if he had similar ties to Victor, he didn’t really want it confirmed. The man’s anger permeated the air, the bitter curl of his lip making it clear he wouldn’t admit defeat. “I’ve done no different than anyone in such straits.” He squared his shoulders, looking down his nose at Stephen. “You vanish to God knows where, leaving behind your hot-headed brother and that hysterical girl—”
“Enough!” Stephen said, making Neil jump. “You won’t justify your egregious behavior, so spare us the effort.”
Victor’s grip on the cane tightened noticeably. “Where the devil were you, then? A court would ask as much. And I think an answer will be required. By your family, at the very least.”
As Stephen hesitated and an uneasy glance passed between Robin and Joe, Neil decided it wasn’t the ideal moment for soul-bearing honesty. “Go easy on the poor man, will you?” He settled into comfortable reproach, the full weight of it directed at Victor. “You don’t know what a tough time he’s had. He very nearly ended up on a ship bound for Liverpool, thanks to a couple of sailors who jumped him, knocked him cold, and turned him over to a boarding master for a little quick cash.”
No one interrupted, though Victor’s dubious stare hung all the more assessingly on Stephen. Committed, Neil plunged ahead. “It took him a while just to remember his name. That’s what they said at the hospital. My mother took him in, looked after him, made him feel safe...” An ache rose in Neil’s throat. Aware that Stephen was watching him now with bare-faced curiosity, he still couldn’t stop himself.
“She does that sort of thing all the time, my mom. Biggest heart in the history of forever...” It wasn’t the ideal moment for bursting into tears, either. Neil broke from Stephen’s fascinated gaze and retreated into irritation, which he turned on Victor. “Like I said, he’s been through a lot and so has my sister. You remember her, right? Susan Lennox? Came to you for help and you threw her to the wolves? You’re damned lucky I’m not the one deciding your future in the family business. I’m not quite so forgiving as some people.”
Victor only frowned. “Who the devil are you?” His gaze shifted to Robin. “And you... What are you doing here?” He turned back to Stephen. “If you’ve hired him to help you divest me of the little that’s left me—”
“I’ve done no such thing. But I do intend to petition the judge and see my brother freed before this day ends. Get your coat and hat, for you’re coming with me.” He offered an arm to Elizabeth. “I’m going to escort you to Mr. Pearsall’s, my dear.”
“I must come, too,” Elizabeth protested.
“I won’t take you into that degraded atmosphere. When the court delivers Martin to our care, we’ll bring him to you straightaway. I promise.”
Stephen wouldn’t budge, Neil knew, and Elizabeth seemed to realize it. Her disappointment was so strong, Neil wanted to remind Stephen she’d already endured surroundings far more miserable. But he would be overstepping. There were really no family ties just yet.
Stephen, however, apparently considered those future ties worth taking into account. He set a concerned eye on Neil. “Will you wait? I want to assist you—”
“I can take care of Susan.” It couldn’t be much more difficult than bailing her out of Central Booking, could it? “Nothing to worry about. I’ve gotten her out of plenty of jams. Hell, I could probably do it in my sleep.”
“Indeed,” Stephen said dryly and extended a hand. “I half wonder if I should wait for you. That glib tongue might serve us well, before a judge.”
Neil took the offered hand and smiled breezily. “Where do you think I learned to prevaricate, in the first place?”
Stephen only shook his head. “I can’t fathom it. You’ll have to tell me more.”
It was the one thing Neil couldn’t do. They had changed history—were still changing it, bit by inexorable bit—and even if he had the opportunity to lay out Stephen’s life for him, he knew how disastrous it could prove. Stephen might tackle parenting with a whole new outlook, turning his son into an upstanding, polite, and scrupulously honest lump who’d send everyone running, probably faster than they did already.
Well, almost everyone.
As a cab bore Stephen, Victor, and Elizabeth down the street, Neil indulged in a long look at Robin, stalking along the sidewalk in search of a second cab. The nineteenth century man, Neil mused, at home in his native habitat. A quick mind, albeit full of old-fashioned ideas, and a good heart, accustomed to knowing love only in dark streets and locked rooms.
If Robin had gone his whole life never expecting to find something permanent, he wasn’t the only one. Neil couldn’t deny he’d given up thinking he might meet someone who wanted someone like him. Someone who’d conclude he was worth the trouble. The more believable part—hell, the inevitable cosmic joke—was that he couldn’t tuck Robin into his pocket and sneak him back home. It probably wasn’t fair to even ask if Robin wanted to be snuck.
What if he did ask—and Robin agreed—and it all fell apart? Or what if he asked—and Robin agreed—and it didn’t?
One thing was for sure. Once upon a time, he’d had a perfectly peaceful existence and that was all shot to hell.
Susan’s fault, from start to finish.
A cab drew up and Robin, turning back, caught Neil’s gaze and smiled. As far as Joe was concerned, it probably seemed like an ordinary smile and not an unspoken wish to seize hold of Neil and prove irrefutably just how much he was worth. Neil couldn’t keep from marveling at what it meant.
So, maybe one other thing was for sure. All the favors he’d done Susan over the years... Paid in full. In fact, he owed her one. And he was paying her back, if he had to take on every judge in nineteenth century Manhattan to do it.
Chapter Twenty-One
Judge Dailey remembered her—too well, if the grim weight of his stare was any indication. “You’ve come by another benefactor, Miss Lennox. Or keeper, I should more correctly state.” He turned to Dr. Chappell, who stood as grim-faced at the far end of the bench. “I gave this young woman into your care, sir. Now she’s again before me, and in far greater trouble. I trust you can enlighten the court as to the events in between.”
Dr. Chappell seemed all too happy to oblige. “She escaped—at gunpoint—with the help of a ruffian who called himself her husband. We wasted considerable time searching for her, until Mr. McGowan suggested we try our luck at the house she has evidently attempted to burgle more than once. When the police discovered her, she claimed acquaintance with the property owner, but of course he did not confirm it.”
“I see.” Fascination overtook disapproval as the judge turned back to Susan. “You’ve fallen in with bad companions, my dear. Do you—can you realize that?”
Two hours locked up and worrying over how to defend herself hadn’t brought Susan any nearer to knowing what to say. Every tactic she’d tried had backfired. The judge, the police, the doctors—they reshaped her words to suit them, looked for ways to bring her and keep her under control. Even her father had looked at her as if not sure whether to take the police assertions to heart. Of course he hadn’t known her. He was probably still wondering why a strange woman had walked into his house and called him dad. And she’d had no chance to explain, not with the police manhandling her as if they feared she would overcome the four of them and escape to terrorize the rest of the Bowery.
Two hours back down the rabbit hole had given her time to pull herself together, if nothing else. When Joe discovered her missing, he’d come and help sort everything out. Knowing that, she still had to fight a gut-knotting surge of trepidation at Judge Dailey’s question. One wrong word and Dr. Chappell could whisk her away to Bellevue, maybe before Joe had a chance to come to her defense. But which words were the right ones?
The truth in all its glory would not set her free. It would, in fact, get her a quick ride back to Blackwell’s. But she could make sure Judge Dailey’s eyes were opened to the nightmare endured by every woman he sent there.
“Yes, Your Honor. I can and do realize plenty. I was treated inhumanely at the asylum. Starved, threatened, hit. Promised I would be housed with the most violent inmates if I tried to protect myself. And I wasn’t the only one. Wouldn’t you do your best to run away from that?”
A handful of people in the crowd behind her spoke up in startled agreement, but Dr. Chappell’s exhalation, heavy with forbearance, cut them off. “Miss Lennox has been chafing under hospital directives since her first day at Bellevue. She is clearly accustomed to a far more permissive atmosphere and she’s made no attempt to understand why she was brought to the hospital. The nurses to a one informed me she was argumentative, resisting care, and determined to incite other patients to rebellion. I made a mistake in not keeping her isolated for a period of time. A mistake I will not make again.”
Susan refused to be sidetracked. “Everything I’ve said is true. I’ll swear it on a Bible, if you want—”
“Your motives are questionable under the circumstances,” Judge Dailey said. “Dr. Chappell went out of his way to find you a place when no one else could take you in. And despite your finery, I believe you have been far more ill-used since your escape, certainly if you’ve been coerced to steal to provide for your wants and that of your supposed husband.” Dailey leaned forward, pinning her with a demanding gaze. “Just where is this man of yours? Has he left you to our mercy?”
“It may take him a little time, but he’ll be here.” She’d never been more certain of anything, a realization which left her trying to damp down a wobbly smile. Judge Dailey’s increasingly grim countenance helped in that regard.
“Dr. Chappell, is there any use in committing Miss Lennox to the asylum? Or might she benefit from a term in the workhouse?”
That stirred more chatter behind her, some approving, but most dismayed. Shaken, Susan resisted a returning sense of helplessness. Dailey, Chappell, the police—she wanted to see them as nothing but a pack of cards, but she wasn’t dreaming. They had the power to hurt her and they would, because she’d failed to play by their rules.
To hell with it.
“Your Honor, I understand that you and Dr. Chappell see me as a fragile, gullible creature merely by virtue of my gender. The fact of the matter is, I’m as capable as any man of looking out for myself, and I’m not being permitted to defend myself or even be heard by this court, as should be my right...” She shook her head when Judge Dailey appeared ready to interrupt. “Please let me speak.”
That provoked a lift of his eyebrows—and a curl of the lips, no doubt encouraged by the smattering of feminine cheers from her audience. Dailey inclined his head. “By all means.”
“Thank you. I honestly don’t think our definitions of inhumane treatment can be all that different. You and Dr. Chappell are both too quick to shut away the women who are brought before this court. Nothing of what you knew about me constituted insanity, yet you accepted Victor McGowan at his word and condemned me to what would have amounted to a death sentence, if my—if Joe McGowan hadn’t come to get me out. You must realize the far-reaching effects of your decisions. The history that you’re making right here in this room. The lives you’re permanently changing. These women, so many of them need nothing more than a place to start and a little support. You should be reaching out to them, not locking them away—”
“Miss Lennox,” Dailey cut in, an edge of impatience in his voice.
Susan tried to hide her own impatience. “I know there must be some sense of connection left in this world. It’s built into the foundation of this city, houses sharing walls, dependent on each other. You know how to craft a neighborhood as a harmonious whole, an idea that may well be lost in a hundred years. Do you want the only remaining magnificence of your age to be the architecture you leave behind?” Her voice trembled, but she couldn’t stop, fearful he would shut her down. “Why don’t you tap into that sense of alliance when it comes to the people who walk in and out of here every day? People whose last chance for understanding rests with you?”
Judge Dailey stared at her, seeming nonplused. The courtroom’s profound quiet made her wonder if she’d baffled everyone as thoroughly. When the judge exchanged a worrisome glance with an equally bemused Dr. Chappell, she knew she was in trouble.
“Well, Miss Lennox, I will say you’ve a flair for the dramatic. While I find merit in your ideas, this court is unfortunately required to view the world in a more practical light. You’re an intelligent woman, but I’ve yet to see any reassuring indication that you can make your way without guidance or a firm hand to keep you on the straight and narrow.”
“Your Honor—”
“You’ve had your say, Miss Lennox. Now you’ll permit me mine. I won’t set you loose in Manhattan if you’ve no one other than this alleged husband who spirited you from Blackwell’s. He’s no fit influence for a young woman already on the wrong path. Now answer me straight. Have you any family in the city?”
“I don’t need—”
“You said you required a place to start and... What was it? A bit of support? Therefore I will ask again. Have you family in town?”
He wouldn’t let her go unless he could fit her in a neat, safe box somewhere. She might claim the Pearsalls as her own, but she was reluctant to put them in that position. Nor could she prove her relationship to Elizabeth. But as long as the judge didn’t send her back to the asylum, she might be all right. At the workhouse, she was safe from Brant, Woodley, and the rest until Joe got her out.
“I’ve no family—” The words caught in her tight throat and she pulled in a breath. “No family in this city, anyway.”
“Well, I like that.” It was full-fledged reproach, delivered on as acrid a note as she’d ever heard, and her heart burst, waking every numbed corner of her at once. She turned and there he was, standing just a few feet away, Robin and Joe behind him. He looked as though he’d been through enough, himself, but his exasperation, mingled with palpable relief, stood out as sharp as ever. “No family, she says. No family. That’s the thanks I get for going through hell and back, just to get here and get you home safe.”
Susan found her voice. “What took you so long? I—” She couldn’t say more without crying.
Neil seemed to catch the gist of it. “Well, the weather didn’t cooperate, for one. The note you left behind wasn’t exactly a TripTik of useful information, and we ran into plenty of problems along the way. Just be glad it didn’t take me a hundred years, all right?”
She reached him before the rant ended, but he carried on even with her arms around him and her face buried against his shoulder. When his arms enfolded her, she gave up trying to hold back the tears. “I need more than bail this time.”
“Yeah, I heard.” His voice had roughened and he made what sounded like a half-hearted effort to clear his throat. “Good thing, because I’ve got about ten bucks left in my account.” Drawing back, he suddenly grinned. “The ‘magnificence of an age?’ Really? What about literature? What about—”
“Neil, I swear to God...”
“Okay, okay. Critique later.” He nudged her toward the bench, staying with her. When Judge Dailey’s increasingly stern attention shifted between them, Neil exhumed his good-natured side with blessed and annoying ease. “Your Honor, I apologize to the court for the interruption. I only just got here.”
“And you are?”
“Neil Lennox. I’ve come to get my sister out of trouble. A skill I’ve perfected,” he added, for Susan’s ears alone.
Susan resisted the desire to poke him in the ribs. Instead, her hand found his and she hung on. “I do have family in Manhattan after all, Your Honor.”
“Yes, so it seems.” The judge fixed on Neil, as if anything Susan had to say no longer mattered. “You’ve the means to take responsibility for Miss Lennox?”
“Yes, Your Honor.”
“And to assure the court she remains on the right side of the law?”
“I’ll do everything in my power to keep her from becoming a blight on society.” Neil had never sounded more solemn. Well aware of the amused glint in his eye, Susan resigned herself to the teasing she’d be taking for days, maybe weeks. Worse, she couldn’t smack him for it, not when she was imagining all he’d been through just to find her. Her gratitude would be a long time fading.
If Judge Dailey was dubious, he seemed relieved at the opportunity for a quick resolution. Susan could not bring herself to believe she was walking free, not until she’d left the court, with Neil and Joe shielding her from a boisterous and congratulatory crowd. Though Neil talked nonstop, apparently determined to relate every detail of his effort to come after her, it was Joe, too quiet, who had her attention. She knew why and she couldn’t let it wait. Turning from a startled Neil, she caught hold of Joe’s lapels and met his pensive gaze with a seesawing mix of exasperation and apology.
“I know you think I should’ve waited for you...” She trailed off as he shook his head. “No?”
“I should’ve asked you to come with me. I know you wanted to give Victor what-for and I thought he’d retaliate by threatening you with arrest. I wanted to protect you from anything he might say or do. But you had every right to punch him in the nose, if you wanted.” Joe’s rueful smile turned affectionate, despite a reproving shine in his eyes as he leaned nearer. “You do know you scared me pretty damned good?”
Susan teetered back toward apology. “It should’ve occurred to me Victor hadn’t called off the dogs. But when I figured out I might have the house key, I just had to go...” She swung on Neil. “My key! The key Dad gave me, it’s a key to the house. And when I went in—”
“You ran into Dad?”
“You know?” Susan grabbed hold of him. “He’s here?”
“I sort of brought him. Unintentionally. Without meaning to. Just purely—”
“What do you mean, you brought him? From the past?” She was afraid to ask, but there was no way around it. “You haven’t kept him from going where he’s supposed to?”
“I...” Neil grimaced. “I don’t know.”
Joe made an impatient noise. “Are we going to stand in the street all day and discuss this? We’ve rescued everyone who needs rescuing. It’s time to get out of here—hey!” he protested as Robin took hold of his arm. “What’s the idea?”
“I’m going to look for a cab,” Robin said. “And you’re coming with me.”
Susan turned to Neil. “Have you ridden the El?”
“Not yet,” Neil said, with a good-humored glare at Robin.
“Oh, we’ve got to,” Susan said. “It’d be like flying over the city, but low enough so we can see—just everything.”
Robin was smiling. “I will test Mr. McGowan’s constitution with a brisk walk, I think, and we’ll wait for you on the platform.”
Joe looked none too pleased at the prospect, but Robin gave him no opportunity to complain. As they passed, Susan caught Joe’s lingering glance. Over-protectiveness appeared to be a natural mechanism of the male—at least, every male of her acquaintance.
Neil was staring at her, gaze fired with disbelief. “Joe McGowan? Really?”
Susan threw on a breezy smile. “Come on. You’ve heard of opposites attracting.”
“I’ve never believed it.” Neil fell into step beside her. “I’ll admit I haven’t seen you so blissed out since you ate an entire box of Valentine candy in one sitting.”
“I didn’t eat all of it. You ate the coconut.” Susan picked up her pace. “I like him. I’ll admit that. I didn’t really know him before—”
“He seems to know you.”
Susan rolled her eyes. “Yeah, well, Robin seems to know you, but I’m not assuming...” She shot him a sidelong look. “Unless I should?”
Neil’s laugh was as breezy; less so the throat-clearing that followed. “We’re getting along a little better. But like you said, we hardly know each other.”
“So he is...”
“Oh, he is.”
Susan stopped dead. “You didn’t.”
The grimace on Neil’s lips turned swiftly into a grin. “What if I did? Didn’t you?”
“Well, technically...” Susan gave up. “Yeah.”
“Good. I take a lot of comfort, knowing I’m not the only one in this family out of his mind.”
Robin and Joe lingered at the next corner, both peeking back to make sure the baby chicks were still trailing. “They’re not going to trust us on our own,” Susan said.
“We haven’t done the most impressive job of fitting in. I’ve already spent a night in jail on a burglary charge.”
“You were in the Tombs?”
“In a cell this big—” Neil spread his hands a bare three feet. “Pitch dark, ice cold, and full of rats. Crazed, man-eating rats. It was brutal.”
Susan nodded. “A whole night. With rats. Sounds terrible.”
“It was. Did I mention the mean guard?”
“A mean guard, too? Did he hit you?”
“He wanted to.”
Susan patted him on the back. “I know just how you felt. I was in Bellevue, myself.”
A wicked gleam lit the green eyes. “Didn’t I always say you’d end up—”
“And Blackwell’s Lunatic Asylum.”
Neil had the grace to look abashed. “Yeah, fine, you win.”
“Damned straight.”
His hand brushed her shoulder. “Bad?”
“It’s a vivid blur of a nightmare now. We were constantly cold and hungry and we were treated like criminals. No one would listen to anything we had to say. And some of the women on the staff—” It was more than she wanted to talk about. More than she wanted to remember. “It made Central Booking seem like a stroll in the park.”
“Someone hurt you.” He’d heard everything she hadn’t said. Or he’d noticed the bruise under the face powder.
Susan smiled grimly. “Remember that self-defense class you talked me into taking?”
“Yeah.”
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.” He stopped walking. “You didn’t kill anyone, did you?”
“Came close.” A little too close. She was ready for those memories to slip away to a dark corner and stay put. “How about you and Robin? I’m guessing it wasn’t his first time in jail—”
“We assaulted a cop,” Neil said cheerfully.
It was Susan’s turn to halt in her tracks. “You—what?”
He couldn’t seem to keep down a grin. “It was classic, really. You’ll never guess.”
She had a feeling she could. “The patty cake trick?”
Neil shook his head. “Soda can. It’ll go down in the annals right alongside patty cake. You should’ve seen Robin shake and aim. The scientific precision was a thing of beauty.”
Susan snorted. “You’re a regular Sperry and McGurk.” She eyed the satchel in his hand with growing suspicion. “You shouldn’t have brought soda, you know. What other anachronisms do you have in there?”
Neil unearthed a small paper bag and handed it over without comment. Susan peeked inside to find crumbling chocolate chip cookies. Tears stung her eyes again and would not be suppressed. “You big dope. You really shouldn’t have. You know I’m wearing a goddamned corset.”
Neil laughed and put an arm around her. “I’ve got your sneakers, too. I figured you’d get tired of those heels pretty quick.” He sobered. “The anachronisms weren’t what got us into trouble, oddly enough. I had Dad’s watch and pocketknife.”
The uneasy feeling that had been hovering at the back of all her other worries came swiftly to the fore. “He knows you have it?”
“Yeah—”
“So he knows who you are?”
“He knows who we both are.”
Susan pulled away, to look at him, horror-struck. “Neil—”
“I know. But panicking’s not going to help things. We just have to make sure he catches the next storm for the future.” He took her arm and resumed walking. Susan kept up dazedly. There were so many things that could go wrong, so many what-ifs. She was afraid to voice a single one, for fear of turning it to prophecy. But her main worry pushed to be broached.
“How will he know he’s landed in the right year? How will we know?”
“We’ll still be alive when we get back home?”
“Oh, God.”
Neil’s grip stayed firm and reassuring on her arm. “Look at it this way. Dad got us out of plenty of scrapes. All we have to do is get him into one.”
She had to laugh. “If there’s anything we know how to do...”
Neil grinned. “Good to have you back on the outside, Sukie.”
She couldn’t smack him, though she wanted to. She couldn’t cry, either, and she wanted that even more. “I’m out, thanks to you. My big, dumb hero of a brother.” She kissed his cheek, then leaned against him, dropping her head on his shoulder. It was getting them plenty of stares. She half-expected Neil to make a crack.
But he didn’t seem to care in the least.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Not quite at ease in a hired tailcoat and his own worn gloves, Robin halted in the doorway of the dining room to let his gaze wander over a white-draped supper table set for thirty. He had—very reasonably, he thought—never expected to eat at Delmonico’s again, let alone in a private room. It was just part of the dream from which he was at long last in danger of waking.
Six days of blue skies hadn’t distressed anyone, at least not noticeably. Sometimes he found himself wondering if Susan and Neil might forget they had lives waiting for them far in the future and would instead remain, to settle into a world that seemed to enchant them both. An astonishing six days it had been, a whirl of acquaintanceships, suppers, and outings, accomplished amid the process of setting things right.
On the day after his brother’s return, Martin Lennox had stepped back into the sunlight, a free man. By then, Stephen had other changes well begun; namely, the division of a business partnership that had apparently been a long time coming. Victor retreated to his house to nurse his regrets, whatever they might be, while Martin, after a long talk with his brother, allowed that whatever enmity remained would not fester, for Elizabeth’s sake. If Victor cared to make restitution and perhaps peace, it lay in his hands.
Robin did not expect it would happen.
Then again, a great many things had happened lately that he would never have expected or even imagined. Certainly—again, very reasonably—he’d never thought he would fall in love.
The private room was already crowded with guests, but Robin spotted Neil and Susan taking seats at one end of the table, Stephen Lennox settled between them. The last six days was a gift neither Neil nor Susan had squandered, though it had been something of a balancing act, sharing their histories without giving away too much. Neil had confided he found it peculiar to be making friends with a man he had hitherto known at a remove natural between parent and child. But Robin knew what it meant to him. Neil’s off-handed remark, suffused with surprise that Stephen seemed to like him—that was telling enough.
They spent the days going all about town, taking in the world in its moment, until the hour was too late to do much other than sleep. That farewells might be forthcoming was a topic Neil had reluctantly broached and then only with Robin. He was worried about Susan, he’d said. Good-byes were inherent with heartache.
The truth of it had never impressed Robin more, with the looming prospect of Neil’s departure. He’d met a number of pleasant, agreeable fellows over the years. Why he should fancy the stubborn, argumentative creature over the lot, he couldn’t sort out. Well, perhaps he could—but between the two of them, Neil was surely the more prickly-edged. Yet where the words were sometimes razor-sharp, the actions were ever gentle. The words had no sting, when Neil’s affection always found its mark.
Beyond the plush velvet drapes, the skies were overcast and had been all afternoon. A gloomy day for an engagement party, but no one seemed mindful of the weather. Elizabeth, nearby with her father and young Mr. Pearsall, greeted guests as if it were the warmest and cheeriest of spring days. And for her, Robin imagined, it must seem so. But he could not slip into a gloomy state, himself, when Neil narrowed a glance in his direction and waved him over impatiently.
Reluctant to take even a moment of intimate conversation away from the three of them, Robin remained at the door. The time had come, anyway, to wean himself from that grin, and the tender expression escaping so regularly from behind it.
“You all right?”
Startled, Robin looked into Joe’s smiling visage and could only smile back. “I beg your pardon. I must be rather too attuned for the first fall of rain.”
Joe nodded. “I’ve been looking forward to it, myself, now that Stephen’s got the trust set up to protect the house.” His smile turned wry. “I’m not so sure Susan’s ready to go.”
“If she wished to remain, would you be amenable?”
“I’ll admit I’ve thought about it. I’m not afraid of starting fresh and I think we’d do all right. Hell, if all we ever had in the world was that shabby little house...” His face softened. “We’d do just fine.” 
Neil appeared from out of a knot of guests. “Did you guys get talked into guarding the door?” Discerning eyes shifted from Robin to Joe, and an impatient noise followed. “Let’s keep the waterworks outdoors, all right? We’re going to be bright and cheery, because if we aren’t, Susan will be crying and from that point on, the world will basically end. So... Pact?”
“No waterworks,” Joe said with a laugh.
“Not a bit of it,” Robin agreed.
“Good.” Neil hesitated. “But hang on to those handkerchiefs, just in case.”
Robin raised an eyebrow. “I thought—”
“That applies exclusively to the twenty-first century.” Neil tucked a hand under Robin’s arm and Joe’s. “Just to set your minds at ease, Susan and I agreed we wouldn’t go in the midst of Elizabeth’s supper party. So if we miss a storm tonight, we’ll wait for the next.”
The decision put Robin in danger of violating the pact, so great was his relief. He wanted Neil to stay, but Neil would not entertain the notion. And traveling to the future was not a simple alternative. It meant giving up everything he knew, in addition to finding a way to earn his keep. Besides, Neil had given no indication he wanted to take on the responsibility. Perhaps he was no more ready than Susan to believe such an unexpected affair could deepen into something long-lasting.
All through supper, Robin put forth an effort to step outside his worries and enjoy himself. The rain fell, but he was attuned instead to Neil’s banter with his father, his teasing of Susan, and his occasional glance Robin’s way—a clandestine gift of smiling affection that, by evening’s end, had finished off the last of Robin’s hard-won clarity and detachment.
Determined to find a minute alone with him, Robin searched the lingering crowd—in vain. Stephen had spirited him away, no doubt, a turn of events Robin could begrudge neither of them. He joined Joe and several others in a carriage back to the Lennox house, but refrained from following them to the library for a brandy by the fire. The bedchamber was a welcoming atmosphere in which to sort his thoughts and listen for Neil’s tread on the way to the room farther down the hall. But he’d no sooner settled in a chair beside the window than someone put an end to the quiet with a smart rap and a call through the door. “Your brandy, Mr. Winfield.”
He’d made no such request. One of the gentlemen downstairs—Joe, perhaps—had sensed his doleful humor and sent it up. Pushing out of the chair, Robin went to the door. “Thank you, but...”
Neil stood on the other side, two glasses in hand. “Don’t like brandy?” He grinned, oblivious to the heartache it stirred. “Settle for a lonely bartender?” Voices at the end of the hall stole his attention, but only for an instant as he turned back to Robin in alarm. “Quick, let me in.” He slipped inside without waiting on an invitation and pushed the door to, leaning back against it. “That was close. Here, drink up.” He passed a glass to Robin. “I can’t talk you into anything if you’re stone sober.”
Robin gave him a reproving smile. “You needn’t persuade me. I’ve missed you as much. You were the one, you’ll recall, who advised separate sleeping quarters—”
Neil silenced him with a kiss. “I’m not here solely to have my way with you. Although I won’t deny it’s number two on the list.” He crossed to the bed and pushed aside the curtain, taking a seat. “I wanted to talk and now seemed a good time, with everyone else lost in champagne-induced slumber. So—” He regarded Robin with an inquisitive tilt of his head. “I don’t know if I can do this with you standing there, looking all apprehensive.” He patted the spot beside him.
“Is there really very much to talk about?” With a twist of his wrist, Robin turned the brandy’s placid surface into a dark gold whirlpool. “My life is here. Your life is some hundred years in the future. Once you’ve gone back and made the necessary alterations, that will be the end of it.”
“Necessary alterations.” The humor had faded from Neil’s voice. “I’ve been thinking it’s time for some.”
Robin glanced up, just as Neil’s attention dropped to his own untouched glass. “If I stayed, I’m not sure I’d feel as though I were living a real life. Knowing what each year will bring. Fighting the compulsion to try to change things. But the plain fact of the matter is...” Those green eyes, so rarely serious, lifted to meet his with startling frankness. “I don’t want to say good-bye.”
“Nor do I.” Those words came easily. Neil was reaching out to him. Hoping. But... “You said, yourself, that I don’t belong in 2014. What would I do? How could you explain my presence? In your world, I’m long dead—”
“Jesus. Don’t say that.”
“It’s only the truth,” Robin said gently.
“It doesn’t have to be.” Neil set the glass on the carpet and stood. “With all the history we’ve changed, why can’t we change that?”
“Neither you nor Susan wanted to change history.”
“No, but we did. We changed Victor’s, Elizabeth’s, Martin’s, ours. Everyone’s but yours. You want to be left out?” His grin was fragile and fleeting. “I said you didn’t belong, yeah. You have a life here. But people pack up and move all the time. Drop themselves into whole new worlds. Granted, the changes are a little less—”
“Terrifying?”
Neil’s lips twitched. “Intense was the word I had in mind.” He sat back down, elbows on his knees, and brushed his hands over his face. When he lifted his head, a bright, searching gaze pinned Robin. “Terrifying? Really?”
Robin set his glass on the floor with Neil’s and sat beside him. “I was a guest in your home. On holiday, if you will. Even then, it was all a bit—intense, as you say. Your world is so...” He shook his head. “So fast. So monstrously big. The whole of it scrubbed to such an impossible shine—like Heaven, in a way, but absent the rather fundamental sense of peace.” He slipped his hand over Neil’s and his heart ached as Neil’s fingers curled around his. “Nearly absent, I should say.”
“I guess my Manhattan isn’t quite your Manhattan.” Behind the humor, resignation hovered. “Unless I stay.”
The off-hand remark sank in and Robin found himself retreating from the implications. “Your concerns—”
“I’ll have to promise myself I won’t try to change history. And you’ll have to promise to help me keep it.” The joking tone lingered, but the gaze Neil set on him was calm with conviction. “I’ll need your help, holding to it, Robin. All right?”
He’d wanted Neil to stay. He’d longed for it for days. But growing uneasiness was fast eclipsing that hope, and he didn’t know why. “What will you tell Susan?”
A pensive air came to the fore. “Susan knows how I feel. I don’t think it will surprise her. Well, not too much.”
That didn’t sit right, either. “Are you very sure?”
He couldn’t hide his disbelief, but Neil only smiled. “I’m not sure about anything. Except this.” He squeezed Robin’s hand. “I suppose it’s not so much that I don’t want to say good-bye. I can’t. I don’t want to face the rest of my life knowing I lost you because I didn’t have the guts to walk away from my safe, neat little world.” He let out a shaky breath. “My sense of adventure’s a little rusty, but—hell, it’s still Manhattan. At least I’ll know my way around.”
Necessary alterations. He’d known Neil must care something for him, but... Robin’s eyes burned and he swallowed hard to keep his voice level. “Will you be happy, knowing the end of the story?”
Neil snorted. “I won’t know the end of our story. That’s the only one that matters.”
It was a heartfelt sentiment and Robin knew Neil didn’t believe it any more than he did. The endless anticipation of events both good and bad would haunt Neil with every day that passed. A man couldn’t live that way. And forcing him to say good-bye to Susan... She might not need her brother rushing to her aid anymore, but Neil would never shake that sense of responsibility.
“No,” Robin said. “I don’t think so. I won’t break your heart, in winning it.”
“Robin—”
“I won’t have you under those terms.” Robin stood. “How am I to put up with a man always fretting over upcoming wars or bank failures and other such nonsense?”
“Robin, for God’s sake—”
“You haven’t thought, I suppose, that the temptation to change things might well become too much for either of us.” Robin paced to the dark hearth, turned and paced even more emphatically back. “We could do considerable damage, with fifty years at our disposal. History’s only salvation would be the endless hours we’d no doubt be spending in the Tombs. I’m not implying you can’t keep your hands to yourself, but I daresay I’ll not prove much better in that regard. I love you just as thoroughly and foolishly...” He exhaled, exasperated, and brushed his sleeve over his face. “There would be no peace. No refuge, even with each other.” The realization hit him gently, but matter-of-factly. “We’d carry the weight of a hundred years with us, wherever we went. But the future...”
“All ours?” Neil’s smile seemed to spring to life with ease, despite the telling dampness on his cheeks. He rose and set his hands on Robin’s shoulders. “I love you, Gramps.”
The soft kiss nudged the past and future both momentarily out of view. Comfort and affection were humbler sentiments in the presence of something warmer and deeper, something with a sense of forever about it. Neil pulled him close, enfolding him, and the tender press of his lips promised Robin a Manhattan that would always be home.
Susan stopped on the top step of the park terrace and wished she’d worn the sneakers Neil had brought. Maneuvering in heavy skirts, heels, and her fullest bustle yet demanded more patience than she possessed. It had kept Neil and Stephen at a crawl beside her, though neither seemed to mind. Other women marched down and even frolicked over the lawn with placid confidence, but they’d never known the freedom of racing across it in tee-shirt and shorts. She was weighed down, despite the cool day, and she couldn’t kick off her shoes and drop beside the water without attracting unwanted attention.
She settled for a perch on the lip of the fountain and noted with some satisfaction that she wasn’t the only one a little uncomfortable. Neil had taken off his hat to let the brisk afternoon breeze ruffle his hair. Waistcoat and cravat was a look he carried off pretty damned nicely, she’d admit—though she hadn’t mentioned it after Robin made the mistake of boosting Neil’s ego in that respect. Still, the layers of clothing seemed to make him as squirmy and he eyed the water with a desire that spurred Susan to shake her head warningly.
The only one who appeared entirely at ease was Stephen, despite having spent the afternoon sightseeing with two acquaintances he’d probably concluded were not in their right minds. Certainly when he at one point asked if they spent as much time exploring their own New York and Neil burst out laughing, Stephen had fallen back upon a now-familiar expression of good-humored puzzlement.
He had quit pressing for explanations, though, seeming to understand there were things Neil and Susan couldn’t share with him. Instead of inquiring about his future, he asked about their pasts, and Susan—wanting to tell him everything—trod a careful path through her history and Neil’s, too conscious of the greater history she might provide with it. Neil balanced her effort, cutting her off when she got carried away, and silencing himself when she hinted he’d said too much.
Together, they’d sketched enough of a family history to keep the intrigued light burning in Stephen’s eyes. It was reassuring to see him so irresistibly drawn to the idea of a life and family waiting for him a hundred years away. It was a relief to Neil, too, she knew. Stephen had begun to spread rumors of a planned trek west, after putting the house in Daniel and Elizabeth’s care. Having done what he could to assure the place would be standing in 1982, he seemed to be already living there in his heart and head. Though he’d sobered more than once at the reality of leaving his brother and niece behind, if he’d guessed that memories of the past would be lost to him, he didn’t let on.
Susan had put the greatest care into hiding her reawakened grief, so he did not have the chance to discover that last, unalterable truth. Neil, too, had carefully avoided the topic of their own present day. Still, Susan feared they might give themselves away inadvertently, and she dreaded hearing the question from Stephen, should he guess. But he asked few questions about Julia, seeming to want to preserve that magic until the moment she crossed his path. It heartened Susan to see his old, familiar enthusiasm for the world and everything in it. She had missed that the most.
“We’ve still got a couple of hours till supper.” She peered up at him from under her hat brim. “What else shall we see?”
Stephen’s eyebrows rose above an amused gaze. “Do you never tire?”
“Do I never tire?” She exchanged a look with Neil that had now become old habit, and he grinned.
“You’re both exhausting,” Neil said. “How about a nice, peaceful boat ride?”
Stephen breathed a soft snort that sounded so like Neil, Susan had to glance up to be sure it wasn’t. There was a touch of commiseration in the smile he gave her. “It’s agreeable to be in among the greenery once in a while, I suppose.”
Neil groaned. “Not another walking tour. It looks like rain,” he added, with a beseeching glance toward the heavens.
“It does, indeed.”
The half-suppressed anticipation in Stephen’s voice made Susan shiver. The week had passed like a dream, and all dreams arrived at some natural end. If good-bye was painful, it was only because the dream had been so lovely. She’d gotten a chance to know Stephen Lennox in a way she hadn’t before. It was worth the tears that would come afterward.
“Susan?”
Neil had asked her something. Susan gave him a look of apology. “You want to what?”
“Go back and gather up everyone for an early supper.”
He missed Robin. “I’m sure he’s still tying up loose ends.”
“So you can waste a good hour, poking through the stash Elizabeth’s collected.”
There was that, Susan reflected. Daniel’s checking account had probably taken a good hit after a day of wedding shopping. And Daniel probably cared not at all. Though the wedding was not until spring, Elizabeth and her friends had fallen deep into the planning of it. Invited along, Susan had declined. She was the ghost in Elizabeth’s world and if she tried to pretend otherwise, she would be letting herself in for more heartache when it came time to say good-bye.
And leaving 1887 wasn’t the only fairy tale ending that would break her heart.
Joe had been quiet all week, haunting the fringes even more determinedly than she did, allowing her time with her father and only stealing over to talk to her when she was alone. Too often, she found herself thinking of the night she’d spent with him. But they were so different. It would never work, a plain and simple fact she’d embraced almost fully—all but some sentimental corner of her heart that kept reaching in his direction, as if it had come to a different conclusion.
Sentiment was a tricky thing. She knew because she was already too much in the habit of giving in to it. But the decision was too important to leave to sudden impulse. She had to keep things in perspective. Her world and Joe’s were simply too far apart...
Though not as far apart as Neil and Robin’s. Curled up on a windowseat while Elizabeth dressed for supper, Susan mused over Neil’s confession for the hundredth time, still surprised by it—though she had always believed he’d find the one person with the necessary combination of strength and patience to look past his crabby exterior to the big pile of mush underneath. She wouldn’t have guessed it might be someone with similarly sharp edges, someone just as tender-hearted where it mattered. But perhaps that only made it easier for Robin to understand what Neil was about.
Whether their feelings for each other had wrought any changes in Robin, she couldn’t tell, but Neil’s prickly armor showed a few cracks. He seemed happier, so Robin was good for him. And Neil, with his protective streak, would be good for Robin. Funny, how certain of that she felt. She couldn’t know other hearts that much better than her own, surely.
A pair of hands fell gently on her shoulders, a teasing voice breaking her train of thought. “Where are you, Susan Lennox?” Elizabeth leaned over and smiled at her. “Already back home?”
“Torn between past and present,” Susan said with a laugh. “As usual.”
Elizabeth sat, hands folded, reminding Susan of Tinkerbell in her pale gold gown with gauzy lace over sleeves and bosom. “The future may prove rather more interesting, I think.”
Tinkerbell or Dolly Levi. “To which part of the future are you referring?” Susan inquired, with no luck suppressing a grin.
To her amusement, Elizabeth blushed. “I should not be so presumptuous. But you seem so happy when he’s near. Last night at supper—well, I suppose I noticed because I recognize it in my own habits. And he seems as happy,” she said, apparently believing Susan needed that reassurance.
“I am happy when he’s near.” It was such a fairy tale confession to make. “But life’s complicated. My world is complicated and a decision like this has to be based on more than just happiness.” It sounded somehow nonsensical, spoken aloud that way. Elizabeth’s puzzled gaze only strengthened that impression.
“More than happiness? Have you doubts about his character?”
“Oh, no. I just want to be sure we have things in common. We should share the same values, a compatible outlook on life, and a good understanding of what we hope to accomplish separately and together.”
Elizabeth’s eyebrows rose. “Is it possible to be so certain of someone?”
“I’d like to be certain of him.”
“But if you refuse him...” Elizabeth laid her hand over Susan’s, a delicate hand with a determined strength. “Won’t you miss him?”
“I’ll miss a lot of things.” Susan turned her hand to clasp Elizabeth’s. “You, for one. Stephen. This time and place. A time and place I put at risk just by being here.” She shook her head. “I have to pay attention to the bigger picture. I might allow myself more time to know all of you, but I might change your lives in all sorts of unimaginable ways. I might change mine.”
Elizabeth looked grave. “Change is rather commonplace, isn’t it? And often for the better. If you will recall, I was in a bad way, until the most peculiar sort of angel came to my aid.” Her eyes brightened and she pulled Susan into a hug.
“Now don’t cry,” Susan whispered. “You don’t want to be all damp-eyed at supper, do you?”
“We’ll both be damp-eyed,” Elizabeth said with a shaky laugh. She drew back, making no move to dry her tear-streaked face. “You’ll think of me often, won’t you? And I will think of you.”
“Every day.” It was a promise she knew she would keep. “Will you forgive me for taking Stephen away from you?”
“Taking him away!” Elizabeth looked amazed. “You brought him back. I will know he’ll be well and happy. I know he’ll have love. And a family. Father despaired of that,” she said, smiling. “We could not impose upon him to attend parties and he quite resisted being introduced to anyone. Perhaps...” She couldn’t seem to keep back the tears. “Somewhere deep down, he knew. And he was waiting.”
Susan had to smile. “You, my dear, are a hopeless romantic.”
Elizabeth’s attempt to look indignant was ruined by the twitch of her lips. “It’s a Lennox family trait and one you must cultivate. We’ll have no spinsters, so take Mr. McGowan home with you and let him court you properly in your own time.” She took Susan’s face in her hands and kissed her cheek. “I think you’re as much the romantic. You only don’t want to admit to it.”
It seemed wiser not to, and Susan was able to neatly avoid it when Daniel arrived to spirit them away to supper. At the front door, Joe, Robin, Stephen, and Neil waited, armed with umbrellas and deep in conversation—about the house, Susan guessed. Stephen and Neil, faces wreathed with conspiratorial smiles, converged on her, and Susan let herself be waylaid. “I hope you’re not being a bad influence,” she remarked, setting a suspicious eye on Neil. “God knows how we’ll turn out—”
“I’m the bad influence, I’m afraid.” Stephen’s eyes sparkled as incorrigibly as he drew her into the parlor. “I wanted to give you a going-away gift, as it were. And rather opportunely, Neil knew just the thing.”
Susan shot Neil an exasperated glance. “You shouldn’t have...” Stephen held out his hand and something glinted with a pale golden light. A ring. A very familiar one. Shaken, she turned back to Neil. “Is it the same?”
Neil nodded. “I found the stone—well, really, Robin did—in the house and I thought I’d get it reset. Then I had the idea that the guy who returned it to you ought to be the guy who gave it to you in the first place.”
That guy was watching her with an expectant curl to his lips and an almost familiar affection in his gaze. Somehow she managed to speak around the ache in her throat. “There’s no gift in the world I’d rather have.”
If that wasn’t quite true, her joy in finding her ring safe and sound must have shone through. Stephen smiled as he held out his other hand. “May I?”
Robin and Joe were peeking inquisitively around the portiere. Stephen slipped the ring onto Susan’s index finger as if he knew she’d always worn it there. No doubt he’d noticed the faint indentation. “Thank you.”
He tilted his head, eyeing her with gentle amusement. “You’ve been hugging me all week, Susan Lennox. You needn’t be shy now.”
Susan exhaled unsteadily. “If I do, I’ll cry.”
Robin produced a handkerchief and, after an enigmatic smile at Neil, offered it. Susan hastily dried her eyes. “And here I’ve been so good about not falling apart,” she said with a laugh. “If you need any ideas for Neil’s gift...” From behind the damp square of linen, she flashed Neil a look with the promise of retribution. Stephen’s attention shifted to him with a more sardonic but no less affectionate good humor.
“He already appears to have everything I own. I think he may make do...” Stephen hesitated, then plunged ahead with an all too familiar confidence. “I did want to say—well, I don’t know that it will mean anything to you, as we hardly know each other. But I’ve come to think I must be proud of you both. Rather, the me you know in your own time. He’s surely proud to have such clever, good-hearted children...” Seeming chagrined by the gushing, he trailed off and instead kissed Susan’s cheek. “In lieu of the hug,” he said, winking. “Now, what about some supper?”
“No sign of the carriage,” Robin said.
“The weather’s worse,” Joe added quietly.
An uneasy silence fell, broken only by the rapid patter against the windows. It wouldn’t be much longer before the clouds gave forth more than rain. When Stephen stepped out to check on the carriage, Joe and Robin with him, Susan held Neil back. “I swear to God,” she said, her ring upraised for emphasis. “Of all the big, dumb...”
He grinned. “You’re welcome.”
“Yeah. Still big and dumb.” She held back her tears with an effort. “He didn’t give you something?”
Quiet happiness reigned in Neil’s eyes. “He did.”
“Really? What?”
“He told me how much he likes Robin. They’ve been geeking about currents and field magnets and all that, and probably coming up with new ways to electrocute themselves.” Neil’s grin had faded, a soft curve of the lips remaining. “He called Robin an upstanding fellow.”
Susan stared at him. “Dad knows? He gave you his blessing?”
“No blessing. I’m just taking it that way.”
Her heart went out to him. “I’m sorry—”
“I’m not. Dad was never really okay with it, but at least now I can attribute that to more than backward thinking in the modern age.”
He needed to, she realized. “That’s a pretty good gift.”
“This has all been a pretty good gift,” Neil said. “Who else does this happen to? We’re luckier than anyone.”
Tears burned, apparently determined. “I know we can’t stay—”
“No, we can’t. He’ll figure things out he shouldn’t know about. Hell, he already has.” Neil slipped an arm around her shoulders and she leaned against him. “Between the two of us, we keep him alive. Maybe a little too desperately now and then, because we’ve been adrift without him. So we’ll do a little better, now we know his history and ours. His fascination with the world is our legacy, Susan. As far as he’s concerned, the world’s a cool place. And he’s right.”
Not trusting her voice, Susan nodded. Over the patter of the rain, thunder rumbled low, an almost sympathetic sound, and as disconcerting as if it had broken over her with deafening force. Her heart stilled and she tried to fight rising grief.
Neil let out a ragged breath. “‘Every little cloud always sings aloud.’“ His laugh was as rough-edged, but the normalcy of it reassured her.
Footsteps beat their own thunder in the hall and Stephen burst in, rain-splattered, his face alight. “Did you hear?”
Robin swung through the doorway after him, Joe close behind. Pensive hazel eyes took Susan in without the hope she’d become used to seeing there. With ruthless effort, she found her voice, a version nearly too fragile to carry. “We’re going home.”
Chapter Twenty-Three
If good-byes had been said in dozens of small ways over the past week, the last-minute flurry of hugs and well wishes at the door had gone by in an instant, leaving Susan with barely any recall of what was said. She could picture Martin, Elizabeth, and Daniel, anxious behind their smiles, calling and waving as the coach started away. That memory would stay with her forever.
Of course if the storm passed without taking them home, they would be back and, she knew, welcomed. A small part of her hoped for that. But her thoughts leapt ahead, already taking her through time, and all she could bring herself to wish for was the life she knew. She wanted to change into jeans and sandals, have a salad and a burger, and sleep in her own bed.
And she wasn’t the only one, judging by the faraway look in Neil’s eyes. Everyone in the coach was quiet; transfixed, Susan thought, by a storm that had come into its own. Each crack of thunder heightened her unease, and the surreal panorama of a rain-soaked, brightly lit Bowery left her altogether haunted by the time the coach rolled to a stop.
Out of the glare of gaslight, the house stood, a somber shadow ignored by passers-by. Susan was glad for the lantern they’d brought. It lit the familiar route up still-solid stairs to the back room. At the sight of the generators that had come so short of their unconventional purpose, Susan wondered at the expense Stephen had gone to in his determination to test his experiment. She didn’t want to speculate what might have become of her and Neil if Stephen had never time-traveled. She might be a nineteenth century maiden, herself—an idea that disturbed as much as it amused.
But Elizabeth seemed to think Stephen might never have married; which, Susan concluded, was not a thought to dwell on, especially when she had no time to say more than good-bye. Stephen was already on the threshold of the front room, prepared to step in first and let history take its course. He turned to Susan and his old teasing smile formed. “I’m so glad to have met you.” He laid a hand on Neil’s shoulder. “Even if I’m destined not to remember it.”
“You know.” Neil sounded unsurprised.
“I’ve guessed as much.” Stephen pulled him into a hug before turning to Susan. “Probably for the best, I’d say. Otherwise, I might be too indulgent a father.”
She wasn’t going to cry. He might guess more than that. “You will be, anyway.” She wrapped her arms around him, hiding her face against his coat, and took in everything—the way his arms came around her, the pat of his hand on her shoulder, the fleeting kiss on her brow—and every tender, good-humored modulation of his voice as he said his good-byes to everyone else. She would keep it locked safe inside and never lose the key.
When he let go, she was still dry-eyed. He would see her smiling when he went. And when his baby daughter smiled for the first time, maybe for a moment he’d remember.
Robin cleared his throat quietly. “I suspect you’ll go back before you go forward. As will we when it’s our turn. If you’re lucky, you may land in the midst of a storm and simply go from there. It’s happened before,” he added with a rueful glance at Neil.
“An adventure, all around.” Stephen fairly radiated excitement as he stepped into the room. “All right, then. You children be good.” The teasing smile came back full force. “I shall be on the look-out for your mother. Julia Matthews, yes?”
Neil exchanged a quizzical glance with Susan. “Did we tell him that?”
“We must have.” Lightning flashed and Susan swiftly turned back before Stephen could disappear. “She likes Julie. But she doesn’t mind Julia, coming from you.”
Stephen’s face softened. “I’ll wager she has the prettiest brown eyes.”
Susan couldn’t reply, not without tears. Her nod was an answer lost when a brilliant flash poured into the room, forcing her to glance away. She didn’t need to look back to know he was gone, but she did, trying to brace herself for the empty space he’d once again left behind.
It was no use. The grieving she’d already borne didn’t damp down the loss. Neil’s hand slipped into hers, holding on, and he flashed a half-hearted grin. “An adventure, all around.” He drew a bracing breath of his own. “Our turn.”
With his free hand, he grabbed hold of Robin, tightening his grip on Susan in the same instant. Susan reached for Joe and his hand was suddenly in hers, warm, solid, offering reassurance. But there was more than simple reassurance in his gaze. He flashed a grin, as if he were all too aware of it, himself. “Ready?”
It wasn’t demanding. Just hopeful.
“I don’t know.” It was the only answer she could give. Neil pulled at her hand and Susan held on to Joe’s as they stepped into the room. Wanting a last look at the old Bowery, she slipped to the window, but lightning stole her opportunity in one blinding flash.
Or so she’d thought. The landscape of 1887 still reigned beyond the glass. “Weird. That seemed strong enough to take us away—”
“It was,” Neil said, so grimly that Susan swung around. A lantern propped on the generator dispelled the shadows just enough to let her see Victor, who seemed as startled to see her. He was the first to recover, pulling a revolver from under his coat.
“It is true, then.” Lantern light threw his features into sharp relief as he stepped closer to the doorway, the whole of his attention on Joe. “If you’d only proven it sooner, we might have been spared our unfortunate straits.”
Joe’s lips curled with a smile he seemed to want to suppress. “Unfortunate straits. Mine being?”
“Allying yourself with a Lennox. Beguiling, the lot of them, until you find yourself alone and ruined.”
The storm crashing over the house—it was the same that had raged the night of Elizabeth’s engagement party. They’d traveled no farther back in time than that, Susan realized. And if it stole them away now, Victor would be free to roam history as he liked. Neil and Robin seemed as aware of it, but Joe was smiling yet. “Allying with a Lennox. Guess that proves I’m a McGowan, right? But you did believe me a little. You’re here, aren’t you?”
“The photograph of Professor Winfield you left in my possession,” Victor said. “I came across it last night and discovered his name and address written on the back.” His smile was a grimmer echo of Joe’s. “The hand was mine.”
Joe breathed a laugh. “I could’ve handled this whole thing a lot better, I suppose.” He moved to the doorway as lightning brightened the room again, followed too closely by thunder. “So we’re still in business? You’ll need my help when you travel forward—”
“I’m traveling back,” Victor said. “I’ve matters to right. This property should have become mine the day I married...” He exhaled like a man fighting to keep his outward calm and the sharp light in his eyes dimmed—only for a moment before he drew a harsher breath and his grip on the gun firmed. “I’m going to claim it and everything else that was stolen from me.”
With understanding came sympathy Susan didn’t want to feel for him. But it wouldn’t be resisted, nor could she stay silent. “You’re going back for Eliza Lennox.”
Lightning fiercer than the last didn’t spare her Victor’s grievous gaze. “Eliza McGowan. That was her name.” His voice dropped, only refining the wounded edge. “That will always be her name.”
“You’d better think about what you’re doing.” There was an edge to Neil’s voice, too. An apprehensive one. “You’re meant to marry again and raise a family. It won’t happen if you go jumping around in time.”
“Another Lennox heard from,” Joe said with a snort. “Victor, listen to me. We can go wherever you want. We can get this property back and any other assets you’re owed. Hell, we can put the Lennoxes in the poor house. By the time the McGowan fortune falls to me, it’ll be the biggest in the world.”
Victor lowered the gun. “You’re prepared to undertake this?”
“History can withstand a little knocking around. Hell, we tempt the end of the world all the time, don’t we? How much real damage can the two of us do?”
Susan knew what he intended. “Joe...” She couldn’t breathe.
He glanced back at her with a roguish grin. “So long, sweetheart.”
In two steps, he was through the doorway. The storm gave her a glimpse of his hand wrapped around Victor’s wrist and she choked back a cry, fearful she’d startle Victor into firing. But Joe apparently knew how to defend himself. The gun flew into the room, to clatter inches away. Neil was on it in an instant, as Joe struggled to hold Victor back. Wrenching free, Victor swung at him and only succeeded in knocking the lantern from its perch. Glass shattered somewhere behind the hulking machinery and Susan shouted a warning almost simultaneous with Neil’s demand for Victor to back off. Lightning swept around her with dazzling indifference and her heart burst with it.
“Joe!”
No thunder followed the flash. Before her disbelieving gaze lay the rusted ruin of cast iron, the fallen plaster and rotting trim, all of it bleakly visible in the dull light coming through the copper screen. Wasn’t it still raining? She thought she could hear it falling, but perhaps that was just a wish. Neil, beside her, still gripped the gun, a wary astonishment in his face as if he didn’t trust that he’d left 1887 behind. Robin seemed more convinced, but his concern for the moment appeared to be Neil, whose gasps for breath were audible in the quiet.
Susan took in the sound numbly. She couldn’t pull her attention from the spot where she’d last seen Joe. He had to know she’d vanished, but if he was still fighting for his life... Dear God, she needed answers. “Neil, we have to go back.”
Neil handed the gun to Robin, then just as distractedly reclaimed it. “Joe had the advantage. Chances are, he made it into the room before the end of the storm. He’ll be here. We have to give him a chance to show up.”
“Give him a chance?” she said in amazement. “Neil—”
“It’s not storming, Susan.”
Her heart wanted to pound its way out of her chest. “We’ve got to go back. It’s raining. It’ll storm.” She pushed past him to the window. The more familiar Bowery, still grubby but less garish in the afternoon light, left her disoriented. The rain fell gently, a summer shower from a benign sky. She could only wait. The realization hung in her thoughts, refusing to share space with even the smallest hope she’d find Joe—and find him safe.
Neil’s hands settled on her shoulders. “He’ll get here. I think the guy would just about move heaven and earth if he knew you were worried.”
A tiny flame of anger deep down loosened the grip fear had on her. “What is it with men, that they think they’ve always got to be the hero? Can’t they just take a damned break from it even once?”
“Who’s that going to impress?” Neil gave her an encouraging pull. “Let’s go downstairs. We need to get out of here. Get some fresh air. We can go to the cafe and sort this out.”
“I can’t. What if he shows up—”
“He knows where to find us.”
The present intruded, so staid and ordinary, it seemed unreal. The past was a strange little dream too far out of reach to remember clearly. “I’m not sure I can handle 2014 right now.”
“So don’t. I’ll handle it for you. So will Robin.”
The ludicrousness of that made her want to smile, but she was afraid she’d dissolve into tears. Robin was something extraordinary in the ordinary present; out of place, yet confident he belonged. How Neil had managed to convince him of that—how they’d managed to convince each other—she could only imagine.
“Downstairs,” Neil said decidedly and maneuvered her in that direction. Along the way, he tried to pull her from her thoughts, as did Robin. But she was keeping one foot in the past, propping the door. The rain was no more than drizzle and the prospect of going back to her apartment when she didn’t know whether Joe was huddled alone in the house, waiting on the storm or if he—no, she wouldn’t think the worst. Joe had gotten the better of Victor.
She was barely out of sight of the house before she stopped in her tracks, certain she had to go back. Neil laid an arm over her shoulders, discouraging it. “I know you’re worried. I’m worried and I don’t even like the guy. But he knows how to get back. And he’s got a place to stay, in the meantime.”
She shook her head. “I’ve got to find... Something. Some indication. A message on the wall. I don’t know.”
Neil and Robin stayed with her, though she was keeping the faster pace, despite her ridiculous skirts and an overwhelming desire to bawl her eyes out. But to hell with that. She wasn’t going to cry. She’d rescue Joe the same way he’d rescued her. However far she had to travel. However long it took...
Assuming she could find her way back to the damned house. She was in a hell of a fog, to walk past it. Trying to get her bearings, she turned and saw Neil and Robin fixed raptly on a four-story walk-up, a well-kept Queen Anne. A very familiar Queen Anne she must have walked past more than once.
A Queen Anne reigning with serene elegance on the lot where the rowhouse just five minutes before had stood.
The import ripped through her, churning up grief at a level she could feel but not combat. Neil was suddenly near and she grabbed on to him. “What are we going to do? He can’t... He can’t.” Joe was lost in a place he didn’t want to be. And so was she.
Neil’s arms came around her. “Susan...”
“I love him.” The words were fragile, barely formed, but his arms tightened around her as if he’d heard. “I can’t reach him. I can’t help him. I don’t even know if he—”
“Susan.”
She lifted her head, only to find him staring past her. The amazement in his eyes was enough to end her ability to think—or breathe. She slipped from his hold, turning, and fell into a warm hazel light fast upon her. All at once the air was hers to drink in, soft and sweet. Though Joe was bruised and disheveled, his clothes a soot-blackened mess, his gaze shone with a look her heart answered.
He grinned. “Miss me?”
She was in his arms before he could say anything else and the ground disappeared from beneath her feet for one breathless instant as he kissed her. He lowered her and bent near to kiss her again. When he drew back, she captured his face in her hands, searching, wanting to be sure he was all right. He looked far too happy to be paying any attention to his injuries.
Neil came up behind her. “What happened?” he asked Joe.
“I knocked the son of a bitch down the stairs.” Joe’s smile flattened, a hard light in his eyes. “Ended up a little singed, myself, when I tried to get back in the room. While I was waiting on the lightning, the fire spread. I couldn’t get out and Victor couldn’t get in. I was near ready to try to kick out the screen and jump when the storm took me away.” His gaze rested on Susan. “I didn’t know how far ahead or behind me you might be. I got here this morning—maybe three a.m.—and I’ve just been waiting. Hoping.” He pushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear and brushed away the dampness on her cheek. “I left you a message. I guess you never got the chance to see it.”
“The house must have burned to the ground,” Robin said in disbelief. “How in the world did you make it back?”
“I’d guess the lightning took him while the house was still salvageable,” Neil said. “Victor probably barely made it out. By the time firemen showed up...” He shook his head.
“Elizabeth rebuilt.” Had she always known that? Other memories crowded in. “The apartments were bequeathed to Elizabeth’s daughter—” Sudden tears burned in her eyes.
Neil broke into a grin. “Susan Elizabeth Pearsall. She left the property to Dad when she passed in—what, ‘83? And he left it to us.”
“But he didn’t remember...” Susan stopped as Neil’s eyes went wide. “He did!”
“We must have spilled just enough history to affect the way he dealt with his arrival here.”
“But he never went back. Do you remember him going anywhere?”
Neil looked troubled by the thought. “I don’t think so. He knew what it was like, leaving family behind. He likely didn’t want to take the risk of losing us.”
Trips to the past were costly. Her own had been harrowing, though it brought her full circle to a world she was appreciating in whole new ways. Yet she was a little intimidated at the prospect of turning a nineteenth century courtship into a twenty-first century marriage. Especially a marriage to one of the wealthiest, most obnoxious men in New York—who was currently hovering over her, filthy as a chimney sweep and smiling like the most foolish love-struck sap of all time.
She patted in vain at the soot on his coat and turned a gentler hand to brushing it off his cheek. “You don’t always have to be such a hero. I’ve got a shoulder you can lean on anytime.”
Neil snorted. “Like a millionaire needs a shoulder to lean on—”
When he went quiet, Susan turned to see Robin hauling him energetically down the sidewalk. “Just the brother-in-law I’ve been waiting for.”
“They’re well matched.”
Aware of a more tentative emotion under Joe’s amusement, Susan brought her curious glance around to him. “You think so?”
His nod was distracted. “Susan...” Despite a twitch of his lips, he seemed uneasy. “Before you invest any more effort in making me presentable, I think I’d better confess. I’m remembering a few things I don’t recall knowing before.”
Something in his voice gave her pause. “Bad?”
“Well...” He smiled as she slipped her hand into his. “That depends. From what I can remember, Victor didn’t fare so well after he was shut out of the business. He made some money, as did his son, but—”
“You’re broke?” Susan said in astonishment.
“Well, not broke. But there won’t be any penthouse views for a while.” His mouth had a wry twist to it. “I could use that shoulder, if the offer stands.”
“You’d better be sure you want it.” Her face uptilted, she blinked against a rain not much more than mist. “I’ll still be an exasperating nut, you know. I won’t give up fighting for the past...” She grimaced. “Even if I’m not really suited for living in it. And while we’re on the subject, I should probably confess I don’t keep a spotless place or cook much. I can possibly sew a button on, but I wouldn’t depend on it, if I were you.”
“If that’s supposed to scare me off...” His fingers traced the curve of her cheek and though his smile faded, there was the most beautiful shine of conviction in his eyes. His arms came around her, his lips finding hers, and when he drew back, it was with an air of sly good humor. “I don’t know about you, Miss Lennox, but I think we may have a future after all.”
Susan’s sigh ended in a laugh. “That opinion, Mr. McGowan, I’ll have to agree with.”
That won her Joe’s most audacious grin. “I hoped you might.”
Neil plucked a discarded newspaper from a nearby bench and checked the date. July fifth. He’d missed the fireworks, which was somehow not as disappointing as it might have been a couple of weeks back. Everyone was safe and sound for the time being, the house permanently dismantled, and the journal, as far as he could recall, locked up in his bank box.
Besides, stray sunbeams were breaking through the cloud cover. “At least the rain’s quitting.”
Robin’s glance skyward was wary. “If we can express that sentiment, we must be well and truly home.” His attention shifted to the building. “The Lennox House Apartments. Elizabeth’s way, I suspect, of remembering the two of you.”
Neil made a face. “I don’t think I’ve suffered enough to have my name slapped on a building just yet.”
“You’ve proved yourself rather splendidly, I think. Although I can hardly recall just all we’ve done.”
“Well...” Neil tried to grin. “As long as you remember the important stuff.”
“You’re referring to yourself, I presume.”
“That’s a good starting point.”
Robin smiled. “I think I once told you I wouldn’t easily forget you. Now I’m quite at your mercy, if I hope to navigate this New York. Unless of course I turn to your roommates for assistance.”
“My roommates?” That didn’t sound right. “I’ve got my own place—don’t I?”
Fascination sharpened Robin’s features, worry behind it. “You still teach?”
“Of course. But the extra income...” Neil trailed off, staring up at the apartment building. “Holy shit. I have a savings account. With money in it.”
“You’re better off, then.” The worry eased from Robin’s voice.
“I’m a goddamned accredited investor,” Neil said in awe.
“I beg your pardon?”
“It’s—” Neil made a face. “Complicated. I’ll explain it later.”
“For heaven’s sake,” Robin blurted out. “This surely constitutes ‘later.’“
Neil could only grin. “Yeah, all right. But let’s start with something easier.” He wrapped an arm over Robin’s shoulders and turned him toward the curb, where an oblivious Joe and Susan were well on the way to a new record for world’s longest kiss. “Lesson One. PDA.”
Robin’s brows knit. “PDA?”
“Public display of affection. A common affliction among new couples who can’t keep their hands off each other for more than five minutes at a stretch.”
“Ah. Frowned upon?”
“Not as much as it used to be. But it’s better to discourage it where you can...” Neil hesitated. “Unless it’s your sister and you know it’s the happiest moment she’s had in a while.”
Robin was smiling. “And if a fellow felt inclined to acquire this affliction, himself?”
Neil tried to ignore the rush of desire that made him want to fully endorse that idea. “A fellow should probably recognize that things might be better, but certain individuals remain inclined to chase after you with a baseball bat if they don’t care for the particular way you fall in love.”
“I see. Still, it’s less of a risk, yes?”
Neil shot him a suspicious glance. “Is this you being brave again?”
“I did say I’d look out for you.”
“Yeah, but—”
It was as far as he got before Robin was kissing him. In broad daylight. On a busy sidewalk. When his shock subsided, lips warm on his reminded him of what he’d been too long without and Neil surrendered and kissed him back, no longer sure which of them was giving the lesson. So maybe Robin did know a thing or two. He still needed a haircut.
“Get a room!” someone shouted from a passing cab. Neil ignored it and instead pondered the odds of giving Joe and Susan a run for their money.
Being a hero never came easy.
