

Special Smashwords Edition

Season of Bliss


by


Craig Allen





This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Season of Bliss
Special Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you’re reading this eBook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

Copyright © 2013 Craig Allen. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author. The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials.

The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.

Artwork by http://damon.za/com

Visit the author blog:
http://craigallenauthor.blogspot.com

ISBN#  978-1-310386-39-8 (eBook)








DISTANT



Sasha shivered as she tugged at the thin gown. Why did examination rooms always have to be cold?
“Ms. Merigole.” Doctors excelled at giving grim news. She assumed they had a lot of practice. Her doctor gestured at a series of lines on a monitor, as if she could understand what they meant. Things weren’t good, but she’d known that for a while.
The thin bed mattress adjusted itself as she shifted. In theory, the automatic adjustments made a patient more comfortable, but she hadn’t felt comfortable for a long time.
“We’ve been over this,” he said. He was concerned. If only she shared the feeling.
“I know, Doctor.” They’d had this conversation before.
He chewed his lip for a minute.
“I’m extending your prescription,” he said at last. “You should continue taking them, even while blissing.”
“Doctor, I won’t be—”
“Sasha.” In the almost six years she had been his patient, he’d never called her by her first name. “The damage to your heart is considerable but not irreversible.”
She nodded. “I’ll take the pills.”
“The pills keep the pain to a minimum, but they won’t save you. The damage is too extensive.” He clicked off the monitor. “You need to bliss.”
Bliss. Sasha hated that word. “That won’t happen, Doctor.”
“If you don’t, you probably won’t survive.”
Her shoulders sagged. What could she do? Without Andrew, there could be no bliss.
The doctor tapped his tablet and sent the prescription to Sasha’s own tablet, which beeped inside her purse.
“I also want to give you this.” Her tablet beeped again. “It’s an address to a blissing center.”
She closed her eyes, trying to control her irritation. “Doctor…”
“Sasha.” He tapped his tablet with his pen. He was older. His last bliss must have been years before. So was Sasha’s, for that matter, but for different reasons.
“It’s not far from where you live. Just stop by. Please?”
Sasha stood. “I’ll take the pills.”
“We have had this discussion. What you are going through is normal. Others—”
“Thank you, Doctor.”
Sasha waited for him to continue to protest. Instead, he just nodded. “Contact me if you have any questions.”
He left the examination room so she could change back into her clothes.
Once the door closed, she picked up the tablet. She didn’t bother looking at the address before deleting it.

~~~~

The wet grass soaked Sasha’s dress as she knelt. She brushed the leaves from the stone. The rain had stopped just as she arrived. The city superstructure loomed above, without overshadowing the graveyard. Thunder reverberated in the distance.
This would be her third bliss without him. During the last bliss, two years ago, paramedics found her in her apartment after her tablet notified them of her distress. She recalled begging them to leave her, but they wouldn’t. The woman stroked Sasha’s forehead, telling her it would be okay. Both she and the man with her were on the edge of tears, and Sasha remembered they held hands at one point. They looked older. They probably hadn’t blissed in some time, but remained bound together until death. Watching them made her feel worse.
She had stood to leave when her tablet chimed. She looked at the ID and smiled as she answered. “Hi, Kay.”
The background behind Kay bounced as she walked while staring at her tablet. From the looks of it, she was in the prime minister’s home. “Oh God, have you seen the news?”
Sasha smiled. Kay was never one for small talk. “I’m fine, Kay. How are you?”
“Sorry, but you need to see this.” Kay spoke to someone off camera, but Sasha couldn’t hear what she said. “We’ll catch up later. Oh, and the boss wants to hire you.”
“Me? Why?”
“The paper you published in school. Remember?”
Sasha had written a number of papers, but only one caught widespread notice. “Not…”
“Yes, girl, that one.”
“But… but that one was about what if someone from a lost human colony visited us.”
“Exactly.”
Sasha looked up. Along the sidewalk near the graveyard, a young man in an expensive suit held a tablet tightly, as if he were afraid it would get away from him. Several others crowded around him, entranced by whatever it was they watched. On the other side of the street, an elderly couple held hands as they watched their own tablet. Even from that distance, Sasha could tell they looked grim.
Sasha looked back at Kay’s image. “What’s going on?”
“Like I said, watch the news.” Kay disconnected. She always had a flare for the dramatic, even as a schoolgirl. For her, everything was an emotional uproar, blown out of proportion.
But something different was under Kay’s playful tone, similar to when Andrew died.
Sasha brought up the news. Less than a minute later, she knew nothing would be the same.

~~~~

Sasha drove home in record time.
She put on drier clothes as she watched the news feed. Her heart thudded even though she had taken a pill. This is unreal. In college, she’d written a paper about the possibility, but it had been a lark, little more than an intellectual exercise. Given the vast distances between stars, meeting another lost colony was unlikely, and yet her paper’s popularity had soared.
And now it’s happening, she thought.
“The vessel in question has parked in a high orbit, waiting for landing clearance,” the news bleated. “We have not yet received word of a response from the prime minister.”
Sasha sat on the edge of a chair, watching the satellite footage. In geosynchronous orbit, the smooth, featureless craft reflected sunlight as if a mirror covered its entire surface. How such a craft could move baffled every engineer on the planet. It simply glided toward the planet like a leaf on a pond, and then maintained its position without any effort.
Her tablet automatically lowered the newscast’s volume as a call came through. She touched the screen and saw Kay’s smiling face. “Are you seeing this?”
“Yes. My God, it’s unreal.”
“Now you know why the boss wants to hire you.”
Sasha bit her lip. “I’m not qualified.”
Kay rolled her eyes. “You’re more qualified than anyone.”
“I wrote a paper. How is that being qualified?”
“It’s more than anyone else has done on this subject.”
Sasha slumped into the nearest chair. God, of all the times… “I can’t.”
“Why? Because of… Oh! Did you find someone?”
Sasha said nothing.
All sense of playfulness left Kay’s expression. “Are you still taking your pills?”
Sasha gave a quick nod.
“What’d the doctor say?”
“He said I’m fine.”
Kay closed her eyes for a minute. When she spoke again, her voice broke. “You’re still a bad liar.”
Someone came into view on the screen and whispered in Kay’s ear. Her eyes grew wide. “They’re giving them permission to land.”
Sasha still had the news on a small window on her wall screen. The vessel moved closer to the planet, diving into the atmosphere. “Where?”
“Just outside Capella. The PM will be there, and he wants you there, too.”
Sasha sighed. All she’d done was write a paper. She didn’t want to go, but she didn’t want to sit around and wait for the bliss either.
“You can tell your boss I’ll be there.”
Kay smiled. “Thanks, hon. He’ll be glad to see you.”
“Where do I meet you?”
“I’ve already sent a car.” She gave a little wave. “See you soon.”
Sasha frowned, staring at the blank space where Kay’s image used to be. On the news, the vessel sank deeper into the atmosphere, until it was just a speck.

~~~~

Sasha stood with the prime minister in Blessed Park, just outside the city. At four hundred square kilometers, it was huge, compared to any park inside the city. She and Andrew had used to camp there, but she hadn’t set foot in the park since he died. In spite of the momentous event about to unfold, being there pained her. She rubbed her chest, telling herself she didn’t need a pill. She reached for them in her dress pocket anyway.
“It’s good to see you.”
Sasha tried to give a reassuring smile as she looked at the prime minister. She remembered a time when his wrinkles were not quite so deep. Politics did that to a person. “And you, Prime Minister.”
His jowls shook when he laughed. “So formal. You used to call me Uncle Jon.”
“Thought it might be best to be formal.”
“Formality.” He waved his hand in the air, as if to brush aside the whole matter. “I’m just glad I can’t run for reelection.”
“I thought you loved politics.”
“I’m afraid it wears thin after a while.”
Journalists and casual onlookers had gathered in the thousands. The nearest stood behind the barricade a good thirty meters behind her, but the crowd as a whole surrounded the area at least three hundred meters from where the spacecraft would land. The visitor had requested everyone keep a minimum safe distance of at least one hundred meters, but the soldiers from the nearby base cordoned off a much larger section, just to be sure.
She swallowed. She’d never seen a crowd this big, even after Andrew died. They were far away, but she could still feel their presence. It was smothering. She made fists, forcing the fear away. The panic was irrational—she knew that—but she couldn’t help herself.
Uncle Jon put a hand on her shoulder. Her breathing slowed, and after a minute she felt in control, but she wouldn’t truly feel at ease until she was away from the crowds of people.
What would the visitors think of the crowds? It was safe to assume the occupants of the craft would expect them to take precautions, but there was the chance they would take it the wrong way. She was about to ask where the deputy prime minister was, but she remembered. He was in seclusion in case something happened, just as her paper had suggested. Judging by the sophistication of the craft, they could do whatever they wished. The odds were against the precaution proving necessary. They had been friendly thus far, and God willing, they would remain that way.
An officer approached. Sasha wasn’t sure of his rank, but he acted as if he were in charge. “Everything is ready, Prime Minister.”
“Very good, Colonel Lambear. Please have your men keep their rifles slung.”
“Yes sir.” The colonel departed.
Uncle Jon looked at Sasha. She waited for the question, promising herself she wouldn’t be irritated when it came.
“What was the doctor’s prognosis?”
She tried not to frown. So much for not being irritated. “I’ll be fine.”
“Oh, dear.” His wrinkles deepened. “Sasha, did he recommend a place you can go to…”
“He did.”
“Will you go?”
She hesitated before answering. “I suppose.”
“Oh, Sasha. I miss Andrew as well, but I don’t think he’d want you to be like this. I don’t want to lose my niece, as well.”
“You won’t.” But Sasha knew that wasn’t true. Her inability to bliss would eventually kill her—if not this bliss, then the next one. And then she would be with Andrew again.
“Prime Minister.”
She hadn’t noticed Colonel Lambear return. He pointed upward. The craft flew into view, flanked by falcons, a type of fighter craft whose name came from some ancient species of bird from Earth. Their engines roared, but either the craft itself made no noise or the fighters that escorted it drowned it out.
“Think those falcons will do any good if our visitors turn out to be hostile?” Colonel Lambear directed his question at Sasha.
Everyone expected her to know about these things. The truth was that anything was possible. They wouldn’t know what the visitors wanted until they acted, and then it would be too late to do anything about it.
The grim look on her uncle’s face mirrored how she felt.
“Let’s keep the idle speculation to a minimum,” Uncle Jon said.
Colonel Lambear mumbled a “Yes, sir.” His expression remained neutral, but he swallowed hard.
The craft hovered over the park. The falcons’ engines curled, sending their thrust downward so they, too, could hover next to it. They slowly veered away as the craft lowered itself.
The fighter craft kept their weapons retracted, fortunately. Again, it was part of her paper: Keep aggressive actions to a minimum. She would have preferred if the falcons weren’t present at all. It was unlikely they could do anything if the visitors turned hostile.
The roar of the falcons faded as they disappeared to the east. The ground vibrated as the craft approached.
“Ms. Merigole, any idea what that is?”
Sasha wasn’t sure how Colonel Lambear expected her to know. She took a guess. “Their drive system, I’m sure. If it were harmful, I doubt they would land so close.” She hoped that were true.
The craft touched down a hundred meters away from them, and the vibration ceased. For a moment, everything was quiet. Sasha had never heard such silence before. The only sound was the chatter over the colonel’s radio. Even the birds, so common in the park, had disappeared.
The craft appeared to be maybe twenty meters across or so. There couldn’t be that many visitors on board.
“Detecting movement,” the voice on the radio squawked. “Looks like it’s opening.”
At first, Sasha saw nothing. Then, a slit appeared. The entire craft seemed to bisect down the middle. Within the opening stood a single figure.
A voice came over the radio itself. “Hello.”
Colonel Lambear held the radio at arm’s length, staring at it. Sasha knew little of the military, but she was certain they encrypted their frequencies.
The colonel keyed the mic. “Who is this?”
“I am the man standing before you.”
Sasha stared at the radio for a moment, and then squinted at the figure in the craft opening. “He looks human.”
The voice drifted over the radio once again. “I am.”
She looked up at Uncle Jon. He, like everyone else, looked just as surprised as she felt.
“You can hear us?” Colonel Lambear asked.
“I can hear you quite plainly,” the voice said.
Uncle Jon raised an eyebrow. “I see.” He cleared his throat. “Sir, I hope you don’t mind if I ask a personal question.”
“Of course not, Prime Minister.”
He hesitated. “How human are you, sir?”
A short laugh came over the radio. “That’s a fair question. I am similar to you. I’m sure any differences are minor.” He paused. “Would it be all right if I approached?”
Colonel Lambear shook his head and said in a low voice, “Prime Minister, it might be best if we escorted him to a secure location. We don’t know his intentions.”
“If that is your wish,” the visitor said, “then I am happy to cooperate.”
“What?” Sasha stepped forward. “You can’t do that.”
The colonel looked at Sasha, irritated. ”Do you care to explain why, Ms. Merigole?”
Sasha withered under his glare, but stood firm. “I think showing respect to a visitor with highly advanced technology would be a better option than whisking him off as a prisoner.”
The colonel started to say something, but Uncle Jon held up his hand. “What do you suggest?”
“He’s an ambassador,” Sasha said. “We should treat him as such.”
Uncle Jon nodded. “I agree.” He looked across the field at the ship. “Sir, we would be honored if you joined us.”
“Thank you.” A ramp extended from the craft. It remained extended just long enough for the visitor to exit before it retracted again. The visitor stepped forward as the exit closed, leaving no trace it had ever been there. He took his time crossing the distance from the craft to them. The suspense was agonizing.
As he grew closer, they saw more and more detail. A brightly colored, single-piece suit hugged every part of his body like a second skin, revealing the muscles underneath. His blond hair seemed to point in every direction, but it looked as if he intended for it to be that way. What caught her off-guard was his smile. He seemed pleased to be there.
When he finally did reach them, he stopped only a few paces away. Sasha couldn’t help but smile back. She nearly blushed when he looked directly at her.
“Hello.” His voice was warm and friendly. “My name is Jester Gold.”
Sasha couldn’t stop her snicker in time. She could feel their eyes focused on her. Embarrassed, she cleared her throat and tried to control herself. The withering look from the colonel made it easy.
“Mr. Gold.” Uncle Jon stepped forward, extending his hand. “I am Prime Minister Jon Merigole. Welcome to our world.”
“Thank you, Prime Minister.” The visitor, Jester, stared at Uncle Jon’s hand for a moment as if not knowing what to do. A few seconds later, he took it. “It’s an honor to be here.”
Sasha watched his expression as they shook hands. His smile was infectious, and everyone else smiled along with him—except for the colonel.
Jester met all of their gazes, but he met Sasha’s gaze more often than anyone else. She tried not to blush.
“Will the rest of your crew be joining us, sir?” Uncle Jon asked.
“The rest?” Jester’s smile broadened. “I’m alone, Prime Minister. My vessel is fully automated.”
Sasha looked at the mirrored craft. The space inside couldn’t have been much larger than her apartment. It made sense that it only carried one person. It was just so hard to believe such a small vessel could travel so far. She wondered what other technical achievements his people had made.
“Prime Minister,” Colonel Lambear said. “I think we should move our guest to the prepared facility.”
Sasha didn’t like his emphasis. “What facility?”
“A military facility, Ms. Merigole.” The colonel nodded over his shoulder. “Fort Anabasis.”
“Why?” Sasha asked.
“It’s the most secure facility in the area.” The colonel gave a smile that might have won over his troops but did little for her. “It’s for his own safety, Ms. Merigole.”
Uncle Jon glanced at the Sasha, then back to Jester. “It’s merely a precaution, Mr. Gold. I hope you understand.”
“Yes, of course.” Jester regarded the colonel. “I’ll be happy to cooperate.”
“Very good.” The colonel gestured at a group of nearby soldiers. “If you would go with these gentlemen, they will escort you to our facility.”
They kept their weapons slung, but they still looked ready to use them if the need arose.
Sasha’s nostrils flared. It was no way to treat an ambassador, no matter how sensible such a precaution might be.
Jester smiled at each of them as they surrounded him, but they only nodded curtly. Sasha would have been terrified if she had been a similar position, but Jester seemed relaxed. She wondered if he had some sort of personal protection, something that would have prevented them from hurting him. Given the nature of the vessel in which he arrived, that was a distinct possibility.
“Will you be joining him, Colonel?” she asked.
“No.” The colonel passed Sasha. A second group of soldiers joined him as he made his way to the space vessel. They carried all sorts of gear Sasha didn’t recognize.
“Uncle, what are they doing?”
Uncle Jon watched the soldiers scurry past and toward the craft. “Never mind that for now. The car that brought you here will be available at your discretion.”
“What? I thought I was done?”
He looked at her with a raised eyebrow. “Did you? I’m afraid your job is just beginning.”
Sasha stared at her uncle, her mouth open. “Why me? I’m not an ambassador.”
“Were he a representative from a foreign government, an ambassador would be appropriate.” He gestured at the visitor, Jester, as the soldiers helped him on to the transport. “But he is a visitor from another world. You have thought more on the subject than most.”
“I’m not qualified.”
“You are more qualified than anyone else.” He showed her his personal tablet. “Besides, the Senate has already approved it.”
Sasha’s shoulders sagged. Uncle Jon always thought ahead. It was what made him a good prime minister. She wished she’d never written that paper.
“Sasha, I need you.”
She let out a heavy sigh. “Of course, Prime Minister. I’ll be happy to help.”
Uncle Jon chuckled. “You’re not a good liar.” He took her hand and squeezed it. “Thank you.”
Sasha gave him a weak smile. “I’ll try not to disappoint you.”
“You never have before.” He looked over Sasha’s shoulder. “He seems to like you well enough.”
The soldiers had not yet closed the transport’s rear door. Just inside, Jester sat among the soldiers who escorted him. He watched her, still smiling. As the transport’s door closed, he gave a small wave.
She waved back, but the door had already closed. She watched the transport as it rose into the sky.
“Keep me informed,” Uncle Jon said. “Ambassador.”

~~~~

The car glided through the countryside. She stared at the credentials indicating she was an ambassador. They’d been laying on the backseat when she got into the car.
She rubbed her shoulders, shivering. It was always cold before the bliss. Just another symptom of her condition.
A voice interrupted her thoughts. “He seems nice enough.”
“Excuse me?” It took her a minute to register the driver’s statement. “Yes, he does.”
“That’s a good sign, right?”
She leaned forward so she could see him better. He was older, too old for the bliss, but he may have been through the previous one. The touch of gray in his hair made him look handsome. “I should think so.”
“Maybe he’s trying to fool us.”
She noticed he was squeezing the steering wheel hard enough to make his knuckles turn white. “I don’t believe he has a reason to.”
“Oh?”
“He appears to have the technology to take what he wishes. I’m certain he simply wishes to talk.”
His hands relaxed, his knuckles returning to a normal color. “Well, that’s a relief.”
Sasha smiled at him as he looked at her through the rearview mirror. She wondered about his spouse, what she was like. The thought made her ache. She tried to push it aside, but it grew sharper, threatening to burst from her chest.
She leaned back and fished for her pills in her purse, almost spilling the contents. She should have taken one earlier.
“You okay, miss?”
“Yes, of course.” Her voice cracked.
“There’s a small refrigerator with some water. See it?”
It took her a moment to find it. She opened the small door, and a tray slid out that contained a small thermos. She picked it up and waited for the driver to look ahead, then popped the pills into her mouth.
She grimaced as she swallowed. Why such small pills didn’t go down easily was a mystery.
The driver pulled up at the gate and flashed his credentials. The guard waved them through as if expecting them.
“Everything all right now, miss?”
She nodded. “Yes. Thank you, Mister…?”
“Greyson, ma’am. Drew Greyson.”
Sasha bit her lip. All of Andrew’s friends called him Drew, but for her he was always Andrew. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Greyson.”
He tipped his hat in the rearview mirror. “The pleasure’s mine. You can take that with you, you know.”
Sasha looked at the small thermos. “I don’t think I’ll need it, but thank you, just the same.”
“Just a thought. By the way, we’re here.”
Sasha jumped as the door opened. Outside the car, a young corporal nodded at her, his uniform immaculate. He offered his hand and she took it, letting him help her from the car. She didn’t have time to say good-bye to Greyson before the car pulled away.
“If you would follow me, Ms. Merigole.”
She gripped her thermos as the corporal led her inside.

~~~~

Sasha stood inside the full-body scanner and waited patiently for the green light. After four such scanners, her patience wore thin. Finally, the light lit up.
“This way, Ms. Merigole.” The corporal guided her through the concrete corridors.
Multi-colored lines ran down the center of the floor. Some turned down side passages, while others continued along the main corridor. The entire complex was a maze, ostensibly for security.
If there was a pattern, Sasha couldn’t determine it. Someone who didn’t belong would become lost, allowing a quick capture. “How much further?”
“Just ahead, ma’am.”
They stopped in front of the largest door she had ever seen. The solid metal surface had a huge number nine on it, for some reason.
The corporal produced a white plastic card and deftly swiped it across a reader. She jumped as a klaxon shrieked. It sounded twice, and then the massive door slid open.
“I’ll wait out here until you are done, ma’am.”
She stepped inside. The klaxon went off again, and the door closed behind her. She quickened her pace inside, half-worried the doors would close on her dress.
The square room had bare concrete walls, each wall twenty meters on a side. Ten soldiers stood at various points around the room, all facing Jester. He sat in one of two chairs.
The fear welled up in her again. She shook it off. This crowd was nothing compared to the park. She could handle this.
One individual, Secretary Ross, circled Jester. He answered to the prime minister in regards to matters of defense. “What is the purpose of your visit?”
Jester shrugged. “It’s as I said. To say hello.”
“How long did it take you to travel to our world?”
“It took me about three months.”
Secretary Ross tapped at a personal tablet as he circled Jester like a vulture. “So your people just decided to venture across space to see us?”
“It’s a little more complicated than that, but yes.”
Jester looked up at her. His skintight clothes seemed ridiculous in its color patterns, almost as if he were a clown. She suppressed a grin. His name was appropriate, after all.
“Hello, again,” he said.
She started to respond, but Secretary Ross spoke first. “If you would try to focus on the questions, Mr. Gold.”
“Of course.” Jester kept his gaze on her for a moment before turning back to the secretary.
“What are the capabilities of your ship?”
Jester tilted his head. “I’m afraid the question is a bit vague. Could you be more precise?”
“What are its armaments?”
“Only defensive systems.”
Secretary Ross looked up suddenly, as if he’d heard something unbelievable. “Really? Describe the nature of these systems.”
Jester raised an eyebrow. “Screens to deflect particles in space, in addition to grasers.”
“Grasers?” The secretary ceased his pacing and stood in front of Jester. He leaned over him. “What sort of damage could such weapons do to our cities?”
Jester’s eyes widened. “I’m sorry?”
The secretary took a step closer, as if to act imposing. “Do you intend to attack the people of this world?”
For the first time, Jester’s smile disappeared. His mouth fell open. “Sir, I would never dream—”
“What are you planning?”
Jester took a breath, as if to calm himself. “I’ve told you. We only wish to say hello. We want you to know there are other—”
“We?” The secretary glared at Jester. “You said you were alone.”
“I meant my people. We—”
“What are you hiding, Mr. Gold?”
“That’s enough.” Sasha’s voice came out louder than she intended.
Secretary Ross turned, his face betraying irritation for a brief instant before recovering. “Ms. Merigole, I am still—”
“I’m well aware of what you are doing.” Sasha struggled not to clench her fists. “You are accusing an ambassador of hostile intent, and I don’t believe the prime minister would appreciate it.”
The secretary wrinkled his forehead. “Ms. Merigole, I’m aware the prime minister has assigned you as an ambassador, but—forgive me—I don’t believe you have the qualifications.”
“I will be sure to make the prime minister aware of your concerns regarding my abilities.”
He frowned, keeping his gaze on Sasha. Amused, Jester looked back and forth between her and Secretary Ross.
“Ms. Merigole, it is my responsibility to maintain the defense of our people. I’m only doing my duty.”
“I understand, Mr. Secretary. Now, if you’ll please excuse us, I would like to speak to our guest.”
Sasha couldn’t miss Secretary Ross’s anger, but her uncle had made clear she was in charge of the matter. He took a moment to collect himself before nodding at her. He marched toward the large door behind her without another word.
A few seconds later, the alarm sounded. She managed not to jump. The doors closed, and the dreadful alarm silenced. Only she, the soldiers, and the unusual man, Jester, remained.
After a few moments, he asked in a deep but inviting voice, “Would you care to sit down?”
“Yes, thank you.” She sat, smoothing out her dress under her.
He still smiled. Perhaps he did so to keep everyone at ease, but when he looked at her, it was quite different. It was almost as if he were in the bliss. The thought made her smile.
“Cold?”
“Excuse me?” She noticed she’d been rubbing her arms without realizing it. She wished she’d brought a coat. “No, I’m fine.”
He nodded once. Whether he believed her or not, he let the matter go. “If you don’t mind me asking, what is that?”
She didn’t know what he meant until he pointed at the thermos of water in her hands. “Oh, this? This is just water.”
“Is it for me?”
“No. I mean, I’ve been drinking it, so you won’t want…” She cleared her throat and looked at the nearest soldier. “Could we get some water for Mr. Gold, please?”
The soldiers looked at each other for a moment. Finally, one of them spoke into a radio, passing on her request.
“Jester.”
She looked back at him. “Excuse me?”
“Call me Jester.”
“Jester.” The name seemed almost comical, but it felt good to say it. “I’m Sasha.”
“Sasha.” He said it slowly, as if savoring it. “They called you Ms. Merigole.”
“Yes. My family name.”
“Then you are related to the prime minister?”
She cleared her throat. “He is my uncle.”
“Oh, I see.”
It didn’t occur until just then how it may have looked, considering that her uncle, the prime minister, just assigned her a job that many ambassadors would’ve killed for. “I assure you I am here because I was considered the most knowledgeable for the position.”
“Yes, I’m well aware.”
“Nepotism is frowned upon in our culture. We—” She stopped. “Aware of what?”
“Why you they chose you. I read your essay.”
“You—?” She gripped the thermos tighter. “How?”
“I downloaded your global network.”
“That… that’s an astounding amount of information.”
Jester grinned. “My ship’s systems pulled what it thought were pertinent documents. That one was one of many. It was quite intriguing.”
She bit her lower lip. “What did you think?”
“It was well thought out. You covered all the angles.”
She cocked her head to the side. “Angles?”
“I mean to say you covered all possibilities.”
She nodded. “Is that how you learned our language? From our global network?”
He pointed at his temple. “I have an implant that contains your entire language. I can access it as I would my native language, though not all words are translatable.”
“Such as?”
He gestured at what she thought were her hands. “I know the word for that particular article of clothing is ‘dress,’ but I’ve never actually seen one.”
“Women don’t wear dresses on your world?”
He shook his head. “I’ve never seen anything like it. It’s a curious design. It makes your lower body mass appear greater than it really is.”
Sasha felt her face grow hot. “It makes me look larger?”
“Well, yes. Or perhaps I should say it hides your figure. Is that the purpose?”
“No.” Her voice sounded like ice.
“I see.” Confused, he looked over her dress once more. “Is it designed for purposes of sexual attraction?”
She didn’t think her face could grow any hotter, but it did. Even the soldiers glanced at each other.
The reaction wasn’t lost on Jester. “It was not my intention to embarrass you.” He straightened in his chair. “I’m afraid I haven’t learned everything about your culture.”
She nodded, wanting to change the subject. “On that note, I feel I should apologize for Secretary Ross’s behavior.”
“That’s quite all right. He is concerned about the safety of your world. He doesn’t understand why I’m here.”
“Why are you here?”
He shrugged. “It’s as I explained earlier.”
“To say hello.” Her hand was moist again. She wiped it off on her dress as discreetly as she could manage. “Surely it is more complicated than that.”
He laughed. It sounded pleasant, friendly. “We merely wish you to know there are other descendants of humanity.”
“How many?”
“No one is certain, but it is likely hundreds or thousands within the genus of humanity.” He tilted his head to one side. “You know about Earth, don’t you?”
“Yes, we do. Our records go back a thousand years or so, but we believe our ancestors arrived some time before that. We honestly don’t know how long. Things were pretty chaotic just after their arrival.” Sasha’s eyes grew wide. “Are you from Earth?”
“Oh no. My people are descended from colonists.”
Sasha pursed her lips. “Have you been in contact with Earth?”
“No one has, as far as we know. Of course, we’ve only been in contact with a dozen civilizations thus far, including yours. Many think Earth is a myth.”
“It isn’t. Our forefathers spoke of losing contact with them during their voyage.” She rested her hands in her lap, trying to hide the moistness that had developed. Nerves. It had to be. “That would indicate they were in contact with them at one point.”
“I would be interested in seeing these records. If that’s permissible, of course.”
“Of course,” Sasha said. “I’ll see what I can do.”
Jester nodded thanks. She pressed her hands face down, hoping he wouldn’t notice.
He did. “Are you well?”
“Yes. I’m fine. Why?”
“It’s just that you seem apprehensive.”
She shook her head vigorously. “No, I—”
The door klaxon echoed off the walls. She jumped, almost falling out of her chair. He rose and went to her to catch her in case she did fall.
The soldiers didn’t hesitate. They reached for their rifles and switched off the safeties. Before Sasha could tell them to stop, a loud voice did it for her. “At ease.”
The soldiers put their weapons away as an officer she didn’t recognize strode directly toward her. She flinched inwardly, not knowing what he wanted. He leaned over and whispered to her. She heard him even though the klaxon sounded as the door closed behind him.
When he finished, she was livid. She needed to have a long talk with the colonel. “Mr. Gold, I must take my leave.”
Jester raised his eyebrows. “Is something wrong?”
“No.” She quickly added, “At least, nothing I can’t handle. If you would excuse me.”
He stood. The soldiers once again reached for the rifles, but Jester ignored them. “Will I see you again?”
She wiped her hands on her dress, again pretending to smooth it out. “I’m sure you will.” She turned before he could respond and stormed from the room. “Good day, Mr. Gold.”
She thought she heard him respond, but the door klaxon drowned him out. She passed by a young private carrying a tray with a pitcher of water and a glass. Well, they finally got around to giving him water, she thought. She stood just around the corner as the door closed, out of Jester’s sight. After the klaxon ceased blaring, she took a deep breath.
The corporal who accompanied her stood next to her, ready to help. “Ma’am, are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” she answered. “I need to speak to the man in charge.”
“That would be me,” a voice behind her said.
The corporal jerked to attention as an officer approached. Sasha couldn’t quite make out his rank.
“I’m Major Carson,” he said, as if sensing her confusion. “I’m in charge while the colonel is away.” He raised an eyebrow. “And I think you know why he’s away.”
It took her a moment to realize he must have sent the officer to inform her of the colonel’s activities. “Yes, Major, thank you. And Major, would you please move Ambassador Gold to more suitable quarters? Further, please provide him with adequate food and water.”
“Ambassador, the colonel made it clear—”
“Major, this gentleman has come here in good faith, and we’re treating him like a criminal.”
The major frowned. “The colonel believed it was safer to keep him under strict security. You saw the technology of that vessel. Who knows what sort of threat he could be?”
“I did see his technology, Major, which makes me wonder why you believe he is not here of his own free will.”
He thought about it for a moment. “I see your point, Ms. Merigole. Colonel Lambear won’t like it.”
“I will handle the colonel, Major.”
The major gave a grunt that passed for a laugh. “I’d like to see that.”

~~~~

The car slid to a stop not far from where Jester’s ship landed. Sasha reached for the door handle, but Mr. Greyson opened it for her. She sighed. She’d have to get used to that.
“We’re here.” Greyson held out his hand. She took it to avoid an argument.
“Thank you, Mr. Greyson.” Jester’s space vessel gleamed in the sun, oblivious to the myriad of people milling around it. Some even stood on top of it. At that distance, she couldn’t make out any faces, but she knew Colonel Lambear was among them.
She took a deep breath. There were only a few dozen people present. It was nothing like the crowd from much earlier. She could handle this. “Mr. Greyson, I shouldn’t be long.”
Greyson tipped the corner of his hat as she crossed the park toward the people. By the time she reached the craft, her feet ached. The colonel stood facing the craft, his back to her. He didn’t acknowledge her as she approached, but she had no doubt he knew she was there. She stood next to him, staring at the craft with him.
Finally, he spoke. “Ms. Merigole. Something on your mind?”
The sight of so many prodding at Jester’s ship infuriated her. “What are you doing?”
The colonel pointed at the craft before him. “He exited here. I saw it.”
“And?”
“I can’t find a crack. It’s like the door was never there.” He gestured toward the top of the craft. “Secretary Ross said the visitor mentioned grasers, but we can’t find a single gun port.” He frowned. “I’d love to get inside this thing.”
Sasha tried to calm the fury building in her. This was his ship, his property. “Colonel, I want you to cease all attempts to enter the craft.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“This craft belongs to an ambassador, and you are trying to violate it?”
He opened his mouth to retort, but then closed it and just nodded. “I see your point, Ms. Merigole. Please understand I’m just doing my job.”
Which he was, she thought. Everyone wanted to understand this technology. It traveled at incredible velocities across a vast distance. The engineering was beyond anything they could achieve. His actions were understandable, but it still angered her.
“I do understand, Colonel.” When the colonel glanced at her hands she put them to her side, palms away from him. She didn’t want him to see the moisture they had collected. “I simply think we shouldn’t provoke our guest, if at all possible.”
He regarded her a moment, glancing at her hands. “Very well, Ms. Merigole.” He kept his voice level. “What’s he like?”
“Friendly, even honest.”
“You believe he really just wants to say hello?”
“Yes, I do.” She hesitated. “I’ll send you a full report when it is completed.”
“I appreciate that, Ms. Merigole.” He gestured at the craft. “If you don’t mind, I’d still like to do some scans. We’ll make every effort to avoid damaging the vehicle.”
“I will confirm with Ambassador Gold, but I’m sure that is acceptable.”
“Very good.” He glanced at her hands. “There is a lotion for that.”
She raised her eyebrows, shaking her head. He gestured at her hands.
“Oh, it’s not that. It’s…”
When she didn’t finish, he pursed his lips. “Ms. Merigole, we know nothing about him. It may be unwise to—”
“No, it’s not that. It’s…”
The colonel waited for her to finish. For a second, he seemed remorseful.
“I must contact the prime minister,” she said. “If you will excuse me, Colonel.”
“Of course, Ms. Merigole. I look forward to your report.”
She felt his eyes on her as she walked back to the car.

~~~~

“I have my own car.”
Sasha sat in the back seat, holding her tablet in front of her. The image of Uncle Jon’s frowning face filled her tablet screen. She rubbed her shoulders out of habit, then realized it wasn’t necessary. She felt much warmer than before.
“Use the car assigned to you. It’s a standard security measure for an ambassador.”
She put her hand in front of one of the vents. No air came through. So why was it warmer? “Uncle, can’t you release him? Keeping him a prisoner doesn’t make us look good.”
“I’m sorry, Sasha,” he said. “The doctors have determined he is indeed human, but they want to be certain he presents no biological threat to us.”
“They should have thought of that before. We were all exposed to him when he exited his vehicle.” Sasha pulled the tablet closer to her face, as if that might help convince him. “And I’m sure he understands that better than we do. If he is a biological threat to us, then our biosphere is probably a threat to him.”
Uncle Jon’s body shook as he laughed. “And you said you weren’t qualified.”
“Don’t change the subject, Uncle. We can’t keep him prisoner like this.”
“I agree, my dear, but I still want to hear from our doctors…” He leaned closer into his own viewer. “Sasha, are you all right?”
She shrugged. “Of course.”
“You look flush. I…” His grew wide. “Oh goodness.”
“No, uncle, it’s not that.”
“Oh my dear, you’re not… Over him?”
“Oh God, no.” She put her hand to her cheek. It felt warm. “Uncle, I just need to take my pill. That’s all.”
He nodded, but she could see he didn’t quite believe her. His lips curled upward slightly. He found this amusing? First the colonel, and then her uncle. Why did they think that she was…? She couldn’t possibly…
“Go home, Sasha,” he said after a moment. “I’ll have more details tomorrow.” He hung up.
Sasha set her tablet down. The car made a sudden right turn, sending the tablet sliding across the seat.
“Sorry about that, ma’am,” the driver, Greyson, said as another car honked at him. “Traffic’s awful this time of day.”
“It’s all right, Mr. Greyson. Just try to get us there in one piece, if you don’t mind.”
“That’s the plan.”
She smiled at his reflection in the rearview mirror. The tablet teetered on the edge of the seat. She leaned over and retrieved it before it fell to the floor of the car.
She started to pull up pictures of Andrew. His image calmed her—at first, anyway. After a while, they only made her feel worse. She knew that, but she couldn’t stop herself. The result was invariably an empty bottle of wine and many tears.
Six years and two, almost three blisses. It didn’t feel that long.
Mr. Greyson glanced at her. “I didn’t know.”
“Excuse me?”
“That the PM’s your uncle.”
“Oh.” She fumbled with the tablet, trying to bring up a different image, anything. The last thing she wanted was to burst into tears in front of her talkative driver. “I assure you I’m not here due to—”
“No, I get it,” he said. “I read your paper.”
“What? How did you know?”
“It’s all over the net.”
“Oh Lord.” Sasha almost let the tablet slide out of her grasp. “Has everyone read it?”
“Probably.” The driver made another turn, and they were on the main highway that bisected the Capella. From there they could go to any point in the city. “Where to, Ms. Merigole?”
Sasha didn’t hear him. She stared at her tablet, baffled at the image of Jester, from when he’d left his craft. Why had she brought up that image?
“Ma’am?”
Sasha looked up from her tablet. She’d pulled it off a news feed without realizing.
Chance, she thought. It was just chance.
“Home, Mr. Greyson,” she said. “Please take me home.”

~~~~

The news did nothing but discuss Mr. Gold. Most of the commentary focused on the origins of his name, his appearance, how handsome he was… They spoke of everything about him except anything serious, such as what his intentions were or what his people were like or a dozen other things she could think of. Some discussed the impact on their culture, but most only cared about the mundane.
Sasha shut off all news feeds in a huff and took a sip of tea. For the third time, she nearly dropped the glass. Carefully, she set it down and looked at her hands. Moisture still collected at her fingertips and her palms. She wiped them on her nightgown once more. She frowned. This hadn’t happened since…
She rubbed her fingers together. The moisture had already reappeared. She got out of bed and went to the medicine cabinet. The lotion sat on a top shelf. She dabbed a small amount on her hands and rubbed them together. The bottle had sat unused for six years, almost three blisses. But the lotion still worked, putting the moisture at bay.
She slammed the medicine cabinet door, knocking over other medications inside. She rubbed her hands together, feeling the lotion do its work. She frowned. It didn’t make sense that the moisture would return. She hadn’t seen it since she last successfully blissed six years ago. It must have been a side effect of missing so many blisses, she thought. Yes, that had to be it.

~~~~

The next day, Mr. Greyson waited outside her apartment building with the car door open. She smiled at him, hiding her hands behind her back. She ran her hand along her waist. The dress felt snug, more than it had when she last wore it. She didn’t think she had gained weight.
Jester’s comment about her size made her flush with momentary anger. She did her best to push the thought aside. He didn’t know their taboos. And she wasn’t fat, no matter how tight her dress felt.
She stepped in the car and put lotion on her hands before Greyson got in.
He pulled away, and in minutes, they had left her neighborhood. “I hear they let him outside now.”
“Oh?” She looked over the seat at him. “Where did you hear this?”
“It’s all over the net, ma’am. They didn’t tell you, huh?”
She started to say no, then looked at her tablet. She had five messages. One was from her uncle, telling her what Greyson had said. The other four were from Kay: Why won’t you get back to me?
Sasha took a deep breath. “Yes, I see that now.” From the creases in his eyes in the rearview mirror, he was smiling at her.
He turned his gaze forward again while she typed out a message. Sorry, I’ve been busy. I’m on my way to the base now.
Sasha set the tablet down without waiting for a response. She sat, staring at her hands, wondering when she would have to put lotion on them again. She still hadn’t asked her doctor about her symptoms. They must have been side effects from the pills. They couldn’t be pre-bliss symptoms. Without Andrew, she could never bliss.
“Here we are.”
She looked up, startled. Had they gone through the checkpoint already?
“Hey, there he is.” Greyson pointed off to their left. Jester stood in the grass, his hands clasped behind his back. Soldiers surrounded him, their weapons hanging on their shoulder. As the car approached, he smiled.
Sasha felt her blood race faster. She wanted to tell Mr. Greyson—Drew—to turn around and take her home. She could say she forgot something. From there, she could run. She could lose herself in the park. She and Andrew had camped there overnight. They once spoke of spending the bliss there, but he was gone before they had the chance.
Thoughts of Andrew made her ache. But as the car pulled up to the curb and she saw Jester standing there, smiling, the pain disappeared. She had no idea what that meant.

~~~~

Jester stood in the large, grassy area just inside the fence that surrounded the base. The structure itself was utilitarian, containing only that which was necessary for its function. It was similar to military installations on his world. Human conflict seemed axiomatic. This world probably has similar conflicts to every other world.
The prime minister, in a speech on the net, had said everyone should come together to welcome Jester on the eve of the bliss, whatever that was. That could suggest some sort of differences between governments that necessitated a military. He thought of asking others, but most seemed to keep their distance from him. It was understandable. They didn’t know his intentions.
The many ironies of these people fascinated him. Their clothes seemed dull with unimaginative colors while appearing elegant at the same time. Much of their news consisted of commentary, and yet they still strove for the truth. Their music… he wasn’t sure he could describe it. Almost all of it seemed based on simple percussion, but the complexity of the melodies was astonishing. All in all, this world delighted him. Especially her, and for reasons he couldn’t fathom, he was eager to see her again.
Soon, her car pulled up. This was the only civilized world he’d visited, but he’d read reports about other such worlds from voyagers just like himself. It seemed personal transportation and extensive road systems were a staple on all technologically advanced worlds. The driver stepped out and nodded at him. Jester nodded in return, as was the custom on that world.
The driver opened the rear door, as if the lady could not do so herself. Sasha exited the car with grace. She smoothed out her dress and muttered what was probably thanks to the driver. The driver tipped his hat and stood next to the car as Sasha approached.
Jester couldn’t help but smile at her. Her dress seemed to hide the features of her slender body, while at the same time enhancing it. She’d tied most of her brown hair into a sort of bun. A few strands had escaped to hang artfully around her shoulders. She wore very little makeup, far less than even the most humble woman on his world would wear. By all accounts, she was plain. No, he thought. Not plain, just—reserved. The few affectations in which she indulged enhanced her beauty beyond measure.
Perhaps that was it. Her minimalist approach made her look more natural, and therefore more alluring.
His thoughts clouded as she stopped a short distance away. Her facial features remained relaxed, but he could see the tension in her shoulders. Still apprehensive, he thought. Everyone was. Again, it was understandable, but with her it was different. She seemed almost upset, as if she’d rather be elsewhere. The thought bothered him.
He kept smiling, but she didn’t return it.
“That’s a nice dress.” A compliment might… smooth things over, as the expression went.
“It doesn’t make me look larger, like the last one?”
It was an accusation, not a question. He’d insulted her somehow, probably when commenting on her dress. Downloading and memorizing language and culture was one thing. Internalizing it was another. She would understand, but he should make amends.
“I believe I insulted you earlier. I assure you that wasn’t my intention.”
“I would hope not.” Her voice was curt. “I assume you wouldn’t say such things on your world.”
“Most women genetically sculpt their bodies, sometimes daily.”
“It must be nice.”
That was it. On this world, people couldn’t body-sculpt. They were stuck with whatever their genetic code gave them. Anyone might be sensitive about their body if they couldn’t change it.
“I’m afraid I’m not as familiar with your culture as I would like to be. I hope you’ll forgive me if I… stumble from time to time.”
For a moment she didn’t react, and he thought he got the euphemism wrong.
Then her shoulders relaxed as she gave a short sigh. “I’m afraid I also must apologize.”
“For?”
“It appears they are attempting to enter your spacecraft.”
“Yes, I know.” She cocked an eyebrow, and he smiled. “My ship makes me aware of anything going on within its vicinity. It’s unlikely they can harm it and impossible for them to enter.”
“Please understand we are merely curious.”
“I do understand.” He waved the issue off. “Feel free to examine the outside of the craft.”
“Thank you, Mr. Gold.”
“Jester.”
She put her hand to her mouth to cover a smile. “Yes, Jester.”
“Is something wrong?”
Her smile broke into a grin that became laughter. He couldn’t help but laugh with her. It was infectious. He could’ve stood there all day and watched her.
“Forgive me,” Sasha said, “but may I ask about your name?”
He’d expected this question. “You mean how it translates?”
She nodded, putting her hand to her lips to stifle another laugh. “So you do know what it means, then.”
“A clown.”
“As in a court jester.” She smiled meekly. “That’s what I thought of when I first heard it.”
“Only the most royal court, mind you.”
Her face lit up when she laughed. Enchanting, he thought. Just like everything else about her.
“To answer your question,” he said, “I knew my name was derived from old English, but that language is incomplete to us. It’s a surprise to find it spoken here.” He tilted his head. “It is English, yes?”
“We’re not sure ourselves,” she said. “We know our ancestors spoke it, but we don’t know how much it changed over the generations it took for them to arrive here.” She shrugged. “We may never know for sure.”
He nodded, and then they stood for a moment of awkward silence. He wanted the conversation to continue, but he couldn’t find the words. Every subject he could think of seemed inadequate or silly. It was peculiar, considering they were from different worlds. They should have plenty to talk about, but he was, as the expression went, tongue-tied.
What was it about her?
“So,” she said, “I hear you’ve been granted access to the city.”
He’d almost forgotten that. “Yes. I’m looking forward to it.” He glanced up at the city, which towered over the base. “Looks like it’s a long walk, though.”
“Maybe I can help with that.”

~~~~

The car glided down the rural highway, crossing into the shadow created by the massive city structure. If he had to guess, he’d say the city stretched upwards nearly a kilometer.
“Impressive,” he said. “I’ve never seen an arcology of this size, at least not planetside.”
“Arcology?” Sasha had remained quiet up until then.
He gestured out the window. “That’s what we call cities like this.”
“Your cities are not like this?”
“No. Individual buildings stretch pretty high, but our cities tend to grow out instead of up, mostly out of tradition.” He rubbed his chin. “All your cities are like this?”
“Each has a unique silhouette, but yes they all go up instead of out.”
“What’s this one’s name?”
“Capella,” she said. “After the captain of the vessel that brought us here.”
He nodded. She had her hands clasped together, as if to hide the fact that her palms sweated. Did he make her that nervous?
“So, how many people live here?”
“About fifteen million,” she said. “It’s fairly average in size.”
He knew from his preliminary analysis that there were in excess of ten billion people on this world, and yet most of the surface consisted of wilderness. For whatever reason, people crammed themselves into these giant structures. Likely, their ancestors had grown used to enclosed spaces aboard the vessels that brought them here. They probably felt more comfortable within the close confines of the arcologies.
The road connected with a larger highway, and in the blink of an eye, tall buildings surrounded them. Ahead, ground vehicles of many styles crossed multiple lanes at once, arranging themselves to allow others to exit onto side roads that lead into various districts. They moved through traffic with ease, traveling in excess of a hundred kilometers an hour. Even though cars were less than half a meter apart, they never touched. Jester marveled at the complexity of whatever system kept them from colliding. He glanced behind them. Somehow, the vehicle with security personnel managed to keep up with them.
Jester pressed his head against the window, looking up at the buildings around them. It was a contradiction that such an enclosed city could also be so open. The entire city consisted of multiple tiers that grew smaller at higher levels. Sunlight filtered in to most lairs of the city. Very few areas didn’t receive the sun. It was a remarkable feat of design as well as engineering.
The car veered to the right, exiting via a spiraling ramp that carried them upward. Artificial light lit the tunnel at intervals, creating a strobe effect inside the vehicle. The car emerged into sunlight a minute later. The road passed over the wilderness once more—at least, that was what Jester thought at first. Smaller buildings surrounded the tiny slice of wilderness, all of which was well above ground level.
“You built a piece of wilderness inside the city?”
Sasha nodded. “It’s called a park.”
“Yes, of course.” He recalled the word now, but he hadn’t put it together with what he saw. “But why?”
“People like to visit such places.”
“Why not just go out into the wilderness?”
She nodded out the window in the distance where the city edge was still visible. “There are creatures out there that will actively hunt humans. We have some areas close to the city fenced off to keep out most wild animals, like the area where you landed. Most people aren’t used to such wide-open spaces, though. Smaller parks like this are a sort of compromise.”
“Do you enjoy going outside the city?”
She shrugged. “At one time. Andrew…” Her smile disappeared as her hand went to her chest. “I used to go on expeditions well outside the city.”
Andrew? “So, you’re an adventurer, are you?”
“Not for a while now.”
“Why’d you stop?”
Her shrug was almost imperceptible. “I haven’t had the time.”
She stared at her hands as they rested in her lap. Shadows danced across her face as they passed under roads connecting levels above them. For a moment, her shoulders shook.
She then shook her head and looked at Jester once more. “Would you like to see it?”
“It?”
“The park.”
“Oh.” He could still see the park outside the window. “Yes, I’d like that.”

~~~~

The driver—Sasha called him Mr. Greyson—waited patiently in the car. The two of them went deeper into the park, surrounded by the security personnel that came in the other car. They kept their distance, but the lack of privacy still annoyed Jester.
Multi-story structures lined one edge. Jester couldn’t see the opposite edge of the park. On the other side, the higher levels of the city superstructure towered over the lower levels. For a second, a feeling of terror swept over him as he imagined the entire structure toppling over onto him. He shook off the irrational fear and tried to enjoy the beauty of the architecture.
People milled about, divided into couples. Each couple kept a respectful distance from the others, as if they sought privacy out in a public place.
He imagined he and Sasha alone together in some private room. The idea intrigued him, but not in the way it usually would when thinking of a woman. She was beautiful in her own way, but the feelings he had were different somehow. He couldn’t quite define it. “Is this the only park within the city?”
Sasha turned with a start at his question, wiping her eyes. Was she crying, or about to? She had been watching the people as they walked hand in hand.
“Oh, no,” she said. “There are others. There’s one not far from where I live. But Creek Park is the largest.”
“Creek Park?”
She pointed at a very young couple who strolled on a bridge that crossed a small stream. “The creek is mostly collected rain water. It carries it to lower levels for processing.”
“I see.” He gestured around them. “Are there always so many people around?”
“Usually it’s like this only on the weekends, but with the bliss so close, more people are out and about.”
It was that word again. He understood the word, but not the context. “I heard the prime minister mention it in his speech on the net. What is this bliss?”
Sasha turned. She regarded him with her head tilted. “The bliss?” She looked at a loss for words. “Your people don’t bliss?”
“I’m sure we do. We probably call it something else.”
She glanced at the security personnel. She spoke in low tones as if she didn’t want them to hear. “It’s… it’s the way in which we propagate ourselves.”
“You mean sex.”
Her face went crimson. It was such a strange taboo, but it was their world, after all.
“I didn’t mean to offend.”
“Oh, no. You didn’t offend me, it’s just…” She rubbed her hands on her dress. “Your people are rather abrupt.”
“We don’t have any taboos about such things, if that’s what you mean.”
“It’s not taboo, really. It’s just… private.”
Jester smiled. He wondered if he had made her too uncomfortable. If he had, would someone else take her place as her liaison? The thought worried him.
She gazed across the park toward a grove of trees. They looked similar to ones on his world, which meant they probably had a common ancestor.
“We have similar trees back home,” Jester said.
“They’re oak trees,” she said. “Our geneticists say they are virtually identical to those found on Earth, but who can say for sure? It was so long ago.”
The wind picked up and blew the loose strands of her hair across her face. She tucked one behind her ear. It was endearing. No, he didn’t want anyone to replace her. He wanted to live in that moment for as long as possible.
He started to say something, anything, when her face went ashen. She stared at him, and for a moment he thought he had offended her again. Then he realized she wasn’t staring at him, but behind him. He turned. People had gathered around them. There must have been a hundred people present, and more were arriving.
Sasha stood rigid, her hands gripping the edge of her dress so tightly he thought she might tear it.
“Sasha?”
She ignored him, staring at the crowd that now surrounded them. Jester put his hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him in horror.
“Sasha, what’s wrong?”
“I…” Her voice shook. “I need to go.”
The security team had already gathered around them, shouting into their radios. They kept the crowd back as it pressed in closer, asking a dozen questions at once.
“Do you like our world?”
Jester wasn’t sure who asked it, but he answered it. “It’s quite lovely, actually.”
“How long will you stay?” another asked.
“I, uh, haven’t quite decided yet.”
The questions continued. He swore silently. He was new to the idea of being a celebrity. The crowd didn’t look malicious, only curious, but Sasha reacted as if her life was in danger, and that was all the prodding he needed.
He took her by the arm. “We’re leaving.”
She didn’t resist at first. Once she realized the way to the car was through the people, she pulled back. Jester put an arm around her waist to steady her, only realizing after he did it that he might be violating a taboo. Instead, she relaxed in his arms as he guided her. The security personnel kept the crowd at bay as they moved through the crowd to the car.
Crowds didn’t bother him as they seemed to bother her, but her anxiety infected him. He wanted to knock everyone aside, angry at their pointless questions. He forced himself to remain calm. It wasn’t their fault. They were curious, nothing more.
“Excuse us, please.” Jester kept his voice as cheerful as he could, hoping it would placate the gathering crowd. “We have a schedule to keep. I hope you understand.”
The people parted, but only enough to get through. Sasha started to shake, and over the din of the crowd, he thought he heard her moan. It wasn’t much further to the car.
“Almost there,” he told her, but he didn’t think she heard, over the babble of questions coming from the crowd. He couldn’t see the car, and could only guess where he was going. Hopefully, the security personnel were guiding them in the right direction.
Soon, the crowd parted. Mr. Greyson stood ready by the car door. The security made a hole for them in the crowd as Jester continued to hold on to Sasha. As soon as the door opened, he pushed her inside.
“I’ll be right back.” He shut the door before she could say anything and turned to face the crowd.
One of the security team, a man in the nondescript suit, pointed at the car. “Sir, get inside.”
“They’re just curious. I’m going to answer a few questions.”
The man shook his head and turned back to the crowd, helping the other security personnel keep them back.
Jester stood with his back straight. They had a right to speak to him, as far as he was concerned. “I can answer a few questions, but we are in a hurry.”
The questions seemed mundane to him. How far is your world, how long was your journey, have you met such-and-such famous person? He answered them as best as he could, answering with an authoritative tone. Soon, the crowd calmed down.
After a few minutes of questions, he decided that was enough. “You’ll have to excuse us now. I’ll answer more questions in the future, I promise.”
“Mr. Gold?” A young woman stepped forward, waving her hand. She couldn’t have been more than fifteen. “Are you two…?”
She made a gesture with her hands he didn’t understand. Some of the people nearby either laughed or shook their heads.
“What? Oh, it’s…” He felt his face get warm. Some people laughed at his reaction and apologized on her behalf. Jester tried to cover his embarrassment with a smile. Based on Sasha’s reaction earlier, he suspected such topics were taboo. “That’s a little personal of a question, don’t you think?”
She blushed and mouthed something that might have been an apology. The question was innocent. He could understand why people would make such an assumption, yet it felt so personal, for some reason.
Was that how Sasha felt when he mentioned the bliss?
“I have to go now.” He waved and got into the car. The security team held back the crowd as Mr. Greyson drove away. Jester didn’t look back to see if the crowd followed them. He was too concerned about Sasha.
She sat facing him, her back to the door.
“Are you all right?” Jester asked.
She drew a deep breath, and let it out slowly. Her body relaxed with every breath. She removed her back from the door and put her feet firmly on the floor of the car.
“Yes, thank you.” She gave a quick shake of her head. “I must apologize. I don’t know what came over me.”
It was the crowds, he thought. Why, he didn’t know, and asking felt like prying. “I should’ve realized something like this might happen.”
“You couldn’t have known.”
“I should have. I’m responsible. I…” He let the words trail off.
The car jostled through traffic, to where Jester didn’t know, and he didn’t care. They sat quietly for several moments, not speaking or moving. They were alone together, just as he had daydreamed earlier. He hadn’t noticed before, but simply being there with her was wonderful.
How could someone be so mesmerizing?
After a moment, she gave him a weak smile. “I’m sorry.”
He smiled. “I’m sorry, too.” He held out his hand, a custom here as it was on his world. “Forgiven?”
“Only if you forgive me, as well.” She took his hand.
The warmth of her gentle grip was electric. He nearly released his grip, but he forced himself to hold her hand for a while, and when he let go, the feeling remained for a moment.
She turned forward again, the traces of a smile still lingering on her lips. The moisture from her hand remained on his. Normally, such excretions disgusted him, but all he wanted was an excuse to touch her. She kept her hands in her lap. In her right hand, she clutched something small. It looked like a bottle.

~~~~

Standing in Blessed Park, Andrew kissed her and said he had to leave. Sasha begged him to stay, but he shook his head. He said good-bye, and when she blinked Andrew was gone. In his place stood Jester.
“You have my condolences,” he said.

~~~~

Sasha opened her eyes. Bad dreams had haunted her since that day long ago, but this was one was different. There were no tears, and that longing feeling that kept her staring at the ceiling wasn’t there. If anything, she felt at peace.
She arose, pushing the dream aside and went about her morning routine. Analyzing her dreams did little good. The problem was clear. She just couldn’t do anything about it.
Out of habit, she reached for the thermostat to raise the temperature. It showed the usual setting she kept overnight, but she felt warm and comfortable. She left the thermostat alone.
After breakfast and a shower, she dressed—or, rather, attempted to dress. The bra fastener didn’t quite reach, not comfortably. Wonderful. It was bad enough the bliss was trying to kill her. Now she’d go to her grave overweight.
She still looked trim in the mirror reflection. Before the approaching bliss, she hadn’t been eating well. But this morning, she had fixed an additional egg and piece of toast, and she didn’t quite feel sated. Perhaps she would grab an orange for the car. Then she’d start gaining weight, for sure.
She caught herself. Why did it matter?
Sasha went through the bottom dresser drawer where she kept her old clothing. She hadn’t worn it in years. She hadn’t needed to. When she pulled out the bra, she shook it off a few times. The dirt-resistant fibers kept it clean. It was a little large for her, at least under normal conditions. The last time she’d worn it was when she was with Andrew, just before their first bliss together.
She put her arms through and latched it. It fit perfectly.
She stared at herself in the mirror. Her waist and thighs were the same as they’d always been. Only her breasts had changed.
Sasha sat on the edge of the bed. The cold that plagued her since she stopped blissing had disappeared. The desire to eat more, the change in her breast size… She hadn’t experienced those symptoms for years. Not since she had last been with Andrew. Not since her last bliss.
And she knew why.





CLOSER



Red or blue?
She’d worn gray and black for years. In the last year, she’d started wearing brown. Colors hadn’t suited her since Andrew died. But things were different now.
White was her favorite, but that wasn’t appropriate until after the bliss. Red was nice, but ostentatious. Pink was a bit too cheerful. Maybe blue, then.
A message popped up on her tablet. Enjoy the picnic. You have to tell me every detail.
Kay was incorrigible. We’ll see.
She swallowed a mouthful of eggs while watching a news feed. It didn’t matter which one she watched, Jester was on all of them. Her pulse quickened whenever she saw him. The pre-bliss symptoms grew harder to hide, but she didn’t care as much anymore.
Lately, he took to wearing local fashions. He looked professional in the suit she bought him. More importantly, people began to accept him. The stories of his doing reconnaissance for a potential invasion, the possible immorality of his people, and many other tall tales had largely disappeared. People cared for him, though perhaps not as much as Sasha did.
“How are you enjoying your stay?” a reporter asked.
The questions had gotten a little better over since his arrival two weeks prior. Regardless, Jester humored the reporters. “Wonderful. Fort Anabasis is a fine establishment. Exquisite food, luxurious accommodations.”
That brought chuckles from the reporters standing just outside the fence that surrounded Anabasis. Even the soldiers near Jester laughed. Sasha smiled. He knew how to handle a crowd.
“In all seriousness,” he continued, “the military has been very gracious and made every attempt to make me welcome.”
The reporters babbled questions at him until Jester pointed at one of them.
“There are still some people who question your motives,” another said.
Sasha frowned. If they knew him as she did, they wouldn’t believe that.
“That’s understandable.” Jester shrugged. “I’m a stranger here. Suspicion is natural. I only hope they’ll change their mind when they know me better.”
The same reporter who asked the first question added, “Did you experience such suspicion on other worlds?”
“It was much worse,” he said. “One world was very primitive. They saw me as some kind of… well, delicacy.”
The crowd laughed nervously.
“I assured them I didn’t taste good, but they insisted. Needless to say, I didn’t share their opinion, so I left. Rather quickly.”
They laughed more loudly this time. Even Sasha laughed. She’d have to ask him for details later.
“Any chance for a ride on your spaceship?”
Jester laughed. “I’d love to give all of you a ride. Unfortunately, it’s a one-man craft. There simply isn’t enough room.”
Another voice spoke up. “Are you excited to see the prime minister again?”
Jester nodded. “Absolutely. He was extremely friendly at our first meeting, and I look forward to seeing him again.”
Jester pointed at someone off-camera, and the individual spoke. “We understand you are also going to a local school.”
“Indeed. I’m looking forward to meeting the children.” He held up his hands. “I’m sorry, I can’t take any more questions. I don’t want to be late.”
“Where are you going?” She almost couldn’t hear the question over the other reporters.
“I’m going on a picnic,” Jester said. “At least, that’s what I think it’s called.”

~~~~

She had just gotten the bread out of the refrigerator when she heard the scratching. Her first thought was the neighbor’s car outside her door, but then someone knocked on the door. Her heart thumped. She put a dab of lotion on her hands and headed for the door, checking her hair in the hall mirror first.
Jester stood there without the usual security. Presumably, they were downstairs waiting. His smile lit up his face. “Your court jester is here.” He bowed ridiculously low.
She snickered and returned his bow with an old-fashioned curtsey. “My lord.”
“You look wonderful.”
She’d decided blue would be best. “Thank you.”
She gestured for him to come in. Before closing the door, she took a quick look up and down the hall. Nothing.
“Is there a problem?” he asked.
“No, I just thought I heard something scratching at the door.”
He grimaced. “Ah, that was me. It’s a custom on my world to scratch at a door. I did it before I remembered your people prefer knocking.”
“Oh.” She allowed herself a moment to take him in. He wore the suit she’d bought him as if born in it, and his hair matched local styles. As amazing as it was, he really was more handsome than when she first met him.
“Look what they gave me.” He held up a tablet. “I’ve been using it to watch the news and some entertainment.” He looked at the tablet screen. “Very, uh, interesting.”
“Oh no. I hope you’re not judging us based off that.”
“Well, I’ll admit some of the shows seem confusing.” He folded up the tablet and put it in his jacket pocket. “Actually, they’re similar to what we have back home. Especially the news. There’s very little difference, really. From what I’ve read back home, all human civilizations seem to have something similar to journalism.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
He gave a short laugh. “Yeah, me too.”
She watched him smile, feeling her heartbeat grow faster. She could watch him all day. “So how is life on the base?”
He shrugged. “Takes getting used to.”
“I’m sure.”
“Your people do everything public, don’t they?” he asked. “Shower, shave, uh… bathroom.”
“We normally do that in private, but we aren’t offended by shared ones, so long as they’re divided by gender.”
“Interesting. Back home we had a lot more privacy about such things. It just takes getting used to, I imagine.” He scratched his head. “I do have a question, if you don’t mind.”
“Not at all.”
“What exactly is a sandwich?”
It was a sensible question, but she still couldn’t suppress her giggle. She feared she’d insulted him, but he only smiled at her reaction as he stood watching her with his hands in his pockets. It reminded her of how Andrew looked at her on their first date. The thought of Andrew brought back the last dream she had of him two weeks prior. The dream troubled her even then. It was as if Andrew were saying good-bye forever. She hadn’t dreamed about him since.
“Did I say something wrong?”
She forced herself to smile again. “No, it’s not that, it’s…” She hesitated. It was not time to relive the past. “I’m still making them—the sandwiches, I mean. I can show you.”
He followed her into the kitchen, looking at every piece of furniture they passed as if it were all new to him. It probably was.
She had everything laid out. “Here, you can help me.” She pointed at the bread. “Take two slices and put them on a plate.”
He did so, examining each slice as he did. She showed him how to stack everything properly. He seemed to recognize the ham, cheese, and lettuce, but other items confused him.
“Tomato? What’s that like?”
“You’ll have to wait and see, won’t you?”
“I know what that is.” He pointed at the mustard jar, which was almost empty. He sniffed at the mayonnaise. “But not this. What is it like? Wait. Let me guess: I’ll have to wait and see?”
“You got it.” Sasha reached for the mayonnaise and stopped. Something occurred to her. “Can you have mayonnaise?”
“Why couldn’t I?”
“Well,” she said, “your biology is different. I’d think you’d be unable to eat at least some foods.”
“Not so far.” Jester put his hand on his chest. “I have internal nano-machines that can break down anything I digest. I could probably eat foods you could never touch.”
She smiled. “Are you bragging?”
He shrugged. “Maybe.”
In no time, the sandwiches were ready. She put them in plastic containers and placed everything else back in the refrigerator. She removed the two thermoses of tea she made earlier and set them on the counter. The refrigerator shifted to the side a little when she shut it.
“Is that common?”
“Is what common?”
He pointed at wheels at the base of the refrigerator. “Do you move these often?” He gestured at the pantry. “This has them too.”
She placed the thermoses in the basket. “Oh yes. That’s normal.”
“It looks like they’ve been there for a while.”
She looked at the cobwebs that had gathered. The last time she moved them was the last time she blissed, when Andrew was last with her. “Yes, it has been.”
He nodded and looked back at the sandwiches in their containers. “I can’t wait to taste this.”
She was thankful he always managed to avoid asking questions about what bothered her. “You don’t have sandwiches on your world?”
“No picnics either.”
That made her feel sad. “That’s too bad.”
“I never thought about it before.”
She pulled out a stylus from its holder on the side of the refrigerator. “I didn’t mean anything.”
“I know.”
“Well, I hope you like it. The sandwich and the picnic.” She wrote a note on the refrigerator to buy more mustard. “I’ve always loved sandwiches.”
He nodded, but he didn’t seem to be listening. “What are you doing?”
“Leaving myself a note.” She tapped the message with her finger to save it. “If I don’t, I’ll forget it.”
“May I try?”
She shrugged and handed him the stylus. “You don’t have anything like this back home?”
He shook his head and wrote something down. His handwriting was poor, but legible. I like sandwiches.
“Do you now?”
He gestured at the message with the stylus. “Well, I’m trying to think positively.”
“So you think you might not like it?”
“No, of course not, I just…” He trailed off and stared at where he’d written. “Where’d it go?”
She tried to suppress a smile. “You have to save it.”
“Save it?”
“Here.” She took the stylus and wrote. You better like the sandwiches. She touched it with her finger. “Like that.”
“I see.” He ran his hand across the words. “Why doesn’t it save it automatically?”
“Well, it can, but if I touch it to save it, it helps me remember I wrote down a message in the first place.”
“So it’s a reminder that you have a reminder.”
She narrowed her eyes at him but couldn’t suppress her grin. “Yes. You have a problem with that?”
He held up his hands. “Oh no. Of course not.” He gestured at her note. “So, what if I don’t like it?”
“What, my reminders?”
“No. I meant the sandwich.”
She shook her head at him. “You sure you want an answer to that? You helped make them, after all.”
“Oh, so if I don’t like them, it would be my fault.”
She nodded, wagging the stylus at him. He took it from her and wrote under her note. I claim only partial responsibility for any potential like or dislike of said sandwiches.
“You mean, of course, full responsibility.”
“That depends if I like the sandwiches.”
She put her hands on your hips. “Oh, I see. So if you like them you take full responsibility, and if you don’t, I take responsibility.”
“No, only partial responsibility.”
She tried—and failed—to keep the grin off her face. “Not acceptable.”
“Well, it’s permanent, so you’ll have to…” He stared at what he’d written—or, at least, where it used to be. He’d forgotten to touch it and save it. “Well, that does take some getting used to.”
She took the stylus from him. “We’re going to be late.” She replaced it in its holder and reached for the picnic basket.
“The park’s not going anywhere.” He reached for the stylus, and she held it out of reach. “What, I can’t have the last word?”
“No.” She reached for the picnic basket. “You want your sandwich or not?”
“Only if I like it.”
She slapped him on the arm. “You will like it.”
“Or else?”
She tried to frown, but it came out a grin. “Or else.”
“Does that mean you’re taking full responsibility, then?”
Her jaw tightened. “Let’s go.”
She gripped the basket tightly as they left her apartment. He couldn’t stop snickering, even when they were in the car.

~~~~

Jester carried the basket while she held on to the blanket. He was relieved they’d managed to convince the security detail to remain by the car. The incident from two weeks ago had never repeated itself. Most people kept a respective distance. His people had nearly mobbed the visitor to his world. The people here were much more respectful.
They had walked for about half an hour along trails. Behind him, he could see the megastructure of the city. She’d called this place Blessed Park—the same park where he’d landed his ship, though several kilometers away.
He saw a few oak trees, as Sasha called them. There was other vegetation, some of which existed on his world and some which didn’t. They all had similar characteristics—green leaves, similar branches, similar bark, though sometimes differing in color. He suspected the vegetation here and on his home world all descended from Earth species.
Several people followed the path, always in couples. They nodded and smiled, some of them calling he and Sasha by name. Jester smiled and greeted them back. Not one couple stopped to speak with him, perhaps sensing they wanted privacy or preferring privacy for themselves. At one point, three couples passed them by over the space of a minute. He sensed her growing tense, probably a flashback to the park.
He took her hand and squeezed it, and she relaxed. Jester found he didn’t want to let her go, and she didn’t complain. “It’s beautiful.”
She glanced at him. “What’s that?”
“The park. I like this better than the other one.”
He was afraid it would bring back some nasty memories, but she only smiled. “They keep this area cordoned off so wildlife can’t enter. I haven’t been here in years.”
“Why not?”
Her shoulders drooped for a moment and she stared at the ground. She looked up at him with a forced smile. “Just busy.”
He let the comment pass without question. Something happened to her, something terrible. He wanted to comfort her.
“I’m sorry it’s taking so long,” she said after a moment. “Trust me, it’s a good spot.”
“Don’t be sorry. I’m enjoying the walk.”
“You like walking?”
He shrugged. “I like walking with you.”
She squeezed his hand, and he felt a pleasant sensation travel up his arm. He almost laughed out loud. Why would such a simple act cause pleasure?
Her tablet buzzed. She reached into the bag she always carried—she called it a purse—and the tablet silenced.
“Just Kay,” she said.
“It could be important.”
“Oh no, she just wants…” Her jaw worked for a moment, and then pointed. “Oh look, we’re here.” She pointed toward a grove of trees. “There’s a small clearing on the other side.”
She guided him off the main path, still holding his hand. There was no obvious trail, but the trees weren’t too close together. The shadows of the leaves above danced across them as she guided him.
After a few moments, they reached the clearing.
She held up the blanket. “Here, help me.”
He set the basket down and helped her lay it out smoothly. It was just big enough for the two of them.
She sat on one edge with her legs lying to one side, as if ready to lay down on her side, but she remained sitting up. “Care to join me?”
“Oh, certainly.” He picked up the basket and set it on the blanket edge before sitting down cross-legged.
“Hungry?”
He nodded, and she reached for the basket. She handed him one of the containers holding his sandwich. He pried the lid open and stared at it. They didn’t bring any eating utensils. He had seen people on the base use them. They weren’t anything like the paired sticks his people often used, though both their peoples did use knives. He wondered if she had simply forgotten, until he watched her pick up her own sandwich with her hands. She took a bite out of one corner.
Carefully, he reached inside the container. The bread felt soft in his hands. Angling it so its contents wouldn’t spill out, he lifted the sandwich to his mouth. He took a small bite. He didn’t expect the bread to have any flavor, but it did. The ham and lettuce—along with the tomato, mustard, and mayonnaise—mixed well with it, creating peculiar sensations.
“Like it?”
He nodded, swallowing. “Yes. It’s quite good.” He took another bite.
“You really do like it, don’t you?”
He swallowed before speaking. “Wow, this is very good. Glad I made it.”
She frowned and shook her head. “So you’re going to take credit for it.”
“You insisted.”
Her frown broke into a grin. “Fine. But you do like it?”
He nodded, taking another bite, a bite much bigger than he should have. She laughed as he choked it down. “Careful.” She handed him a thermos. He set his sandwich down and opened it, washing down his sandwich.
“Sorry,” he said. “I don’t mean to be a glutton.”
She smiled. “My father would have said you eat like a pig.”
“Like a pig? How do they eat?”
“Never mind. I’m glad you enjoy it.”
He took another drink and stared at the thermos. It was a sort of tea, but he’d never tasted anything like it. So many different foods and drinks on this world, but all of it so good.
“So this is a sandwich. Is it from Earth?”
She nodded. “Our ancestors brought it from there, but we don’t know its precise origins.”
“So they came from Earth directly?”
“They spent many generations in space, but our records indicate they came directly from Earth.”
“Fascinating.” He took a smaller bite this time. It really was delicious. These people really enjoy their food. “My people came from a colony world, and that colony came from another colony. Who knows how many exoduses there were, from how many worlds?”
“How many other worlds have you seen?”
“Four, including this one,” he said.
“Tell me about them.”
“Well, the first was primitive.”
She smiled. “You said they thought you might be tasty.”
“Not as tasty as this sandwich.”
She smiled as he continued. “The next world was also pretty primitive. They thought I was a god.” He sighed. “I tried to explain I was just a man, but they didn’t believe me.”
“You think they’re still thinking about you?”
“Probably. I wish I’d never gone.” He took another bite. “The third world I visited had Bronze Age technology. I decided to leave them alone.”
He put his sandwich down and rested his hands on his knees, thinking. “We knew from those who visited us that there were other civilizations out there, but they had only encountered a few. I was afraid most colonies had reverted to a primitive state.”
“You had your own visitor?”
“Oh yes. We were just as surprised as you.” He took another drink of tea. “Someone somewhere discovered the ability to travel faster than light. They’ve been going from world to world, looking for all the different colonies of humans.”
“Just to say hello,” she said. “Just like you.”
He smiled. “We just want to know what happened to everyone, and to let them know they aren’t alone.”
“So, who invented this engine?”
“It was a colony that is pretty distant from us,” he said. “The visitor we had was in direct contact with this colony. They came to our world to determine if we were peaceful. When they found we were, they gave us the technology for the drive along with the coordinates of several other known colonies. They asked us to make contact.”
“And here you are,” she said.
“And here I am. This world was my last contact before heading home. I was afraid this world would also be primitive.” He gestured at her. “I’m glad you weren’t.”
Her smile disappeared. “You’re leaving one day.”
It wasn’t a question. She must have known that he would leave one day. In truth, he wasn’t even sure why he stayed. He knew these people were peaceful. Giving them the technology to travel to distant stars wouldn’t pose a threat to other civilizations. He knew about them and how they lived, but some things were still a mystery. This “bliss” that seemed to be coming soon, for instance. They spoke little of it, but he didn’t think they were deliberately hiding anything. They probably just saw it as such a natural part of their lives they didn’t think to discuss it. If he saw it happen, then he would know, and then he wouldn’t have a reason to stay.
She bit her lip, as if waiting for him to respond.
“I… I don’t know.”
“You mean you might stay.”
What if he did? They could have more talks, more picnics. The thought of never doing that again made him ache. That made no sense.
“It’s so nice here,” he said. “I miss home, but there’s a part of me that really doesn’t want to leave.”
She smiled, but he knew it didn’t satisfy her. Whatever she was thinking, she didn’t push him further. “Can you tell me about your world?”
“What do you want to know?”
“Did your visitor give you that space vessel?”
He shook his head. “No, just the engine that allows us to travel faster than light. The principle was unknown to us. The vessel itself is of our design.”
“You’re pretty advanced, then.”
“I suppose. Your people do travel in space though, don’t they? I recall some orbital habitats when I arrived.”
“Yes. We also have colonies on our moon.” She looked up into the cloudless sky. “We planned on building a vessel to go to our nearest star, but now that you’re here, that may change.”
“The technology of the engine is pretty advanced,” he said, “but I’m sure you can figure it out.”
For a while, they sat and ate.
After a bit, she broke the silence. “Can you tell me about your home? Your family?”
He didn’t expect that question. He wasn’t sure how to answer. “I grew up on a small island on my world. Our… well, family, I guess is the word, was small. Only about twenty children.”
Her mouth dropped open. “Twenty? Goodness, do parents normally have that many children?”
“What? Oh no.” He laughed, and she smiled in response. “No, we didn’t have the same biological parents.”
“Oh. Well, what were your parents like?”
“My parents? Goodness, I have no idea.”
The answer seemed to confuse her. “You didn’t know them?”
“No, of course not.”
She covered her mouth. “What about brothers or sisters?”
“My classmates? Well, out of the twenty of us, I’m only in contact with Phineas these days, but that was some time ago.”
“No, I meant your family. People you’re related to.”
It took him a moment to realize what she meant. “Oh, you mean people with whom I share genetic traits. I don’t know if any were in my class. It’s possible.”
Her eyes darted back and forth for a moment, as if not quite grasping it. “You don’t grow up in families?”
“With people who share our genes? No, we…” He stopped. She was looking at him as if he slapped her. “Is that not how you do things here?”
She said nothing at first. When she did speak, her voice was just above a whisper. “I grew up with my mother and father, the ones who birthed me. I have two brothers and two sisters. We grew up together.”
Jester raised his eyebrows. “That sounds intriguing.”
“Your people do nothing like that?”
“No.”
She cringed. “Your people are quite different from ours.”
“We are,” he said, “but we’re a good people.”
She nodded and gave a quick smile. It seemed she did it out of politeness. He sighed. Her discomfort disturbed him.
“We’re human, like you,” he added. “We can’t be that different.”
“We are.” Her voice wasn’t cold, just subdued, almost depressed.
The deep ache grew worse, and not in a good way. He regretted saying anything. He wasn’t ashamed of his people. They were who they were. It was the fact their ways disturbed her.
He couldn’t have that. “Can you tell me about your world, please?”
“What do you want to know?” Her voice hadn’t changed from before.
“I want to know more about the bliss.”
Sasha inhaled and held it for a second before letting it out slowly.
“I’ve noticed changes in people. Men and women spend more time together. Everyone in this park—everyone in that park we stopped at two weeks ago—they were all paired off into couples.”
She nodded.
“Your hands are always moist. You had the chills when I first met you, but not anymore. Your skin is vibrant.” He left out the part of her breast size changing. It didn’t feel right mentioning it, given the taboos they had about sex. Nor did he mention the way her voice changed when she spoke to him.
“Yes, I’m changing.”
“The men are changing too,” he said. “Their beards are fuller. They walk differently, more proudly.”
“We are all changing.”
“You said, it’s the way your people propagate themselves.”
“It’s much more than that.” She changed her position, pulling her knees closer to her while smoothing out her dress so it covered her. “It happens every two years. It’s a momentous event for us. All of us look forward to the bliss.”
He tried to be as delicate as he could. “It’s taboo to discuss it, isn’t it?”
“No,” she said. “We’re not ashamed of it. It’s part of who we are.”
“But you don’t like talking about it.”
She nodded.
Jester realized that his question had more than one meaning. “You don’t like to talk about it.”
Her lower lip quivered. She tried to smile, but she couldn’t hide her sadness.
“This happens every two years? And you’re… you’re with someone during that time.”
“Yes.” Her voice broke. She reached into a pocket in her purse and pulled forth a small container. When she opened it, she poured two small pills into her hand. She put them in her mouth and took a drink of her tea, grimacing.
“You’re not well, are you?”
“No. I haven’t been for some time.”
He left his sandwich in the container. He didn’t feel like finishing it. “What’s wrong?”
“Soon it’ll happen.”
“The bliss?”
“Yes.” She set her thermos down and looked at him. She looked haunted. “These changes you see will reach a peak. People will bliss with each other and stay together until death.”
Jester stared at her. These people mated for life. If so, did she…? “And you have a mate?”
“No. Not since Andrew.”
“Why isn’t he with you now?”
Tears rolled down her cheeks, and her shoulders shook. “He’s gone.”
“Gone?”
She just nodded. “He was a physicist working for the government. There was an accident at a launch, an explosion, and…”
He lowered his head. “Oh my God.”
“There were investigations. No one was at fault. It was just an accident. But there were so many people, just crowds of reporters, always asking questions. They wouldn’t leave me alone. They didn’t care…” She buried her face in her hands.
“Sasha, you have my condolences.”
She looked up suddenly, her eyes wide in horror. He didn’t know what he’d done, but after a moment, she calmed herself.
“I shouldn’t have brought it up.” He looked at his sandwich. He wasn’t hungry anymore. “We were happy earlier. I wish we could go back to that.”
She looked at him. “So much has changed.”
“Has it?”
“Yes.” She held up the small container and shook it. The pills inside rattled. “I met Andrew in this park. After he was gone…” She let the container fall into her lap. “I’ve taken these ever since.”
“Why?”
“It…” She picked up the pills and looked at them again before putting them back in her purse. “I need to, that’s all.”
“Sasha—” he started, but she held up her hand. She closed the container with her half-eaten sandwich and placed it in the basket.
“It’s getting late.” She pointed at his sandwich. “Are you through?”
He nodded and closed the lid. When he handed it to her, she snatched it from his hands and tossed it in the basket. She stood and grasped the edge of the blanket. He had to scramble to get off it as she yanked it off the ground.
He pointed at the basket. “Let me carry that.”
She thrust it into his arms so fast he almost dropped it.
“There’s no need to—”
She held up her hand as she left the clearing. He had to hurry his pace to catch up with her as she headed back to the main path. She sniffed and wiped at her eyes, but she refused to look at him.
They walked in silence.

~~~~

Sasha sat at the back of the classroom, watching Jester speak to the children. He handled the classroom as if he had been teaching for years.
“How far is it?” The child spoke with a sort of awe.
Jester was wonderful with them. It was ironic that a man who didn’t understand families would’ve made a good father.
“Very,” he said in response to the seven-year-old boy. “Let’s play a game to show you, okay?”
That excited them, almost to the point where the teacher would need to calm them down. But Jester had things well in hand.
“Okay. Let’s imagine that the moon was only this far away from us.” He held his hands about half a meter apart. “Got that?”
They nodded.
“Well, then the distance between here,” he wiggled one hand, “and my home is the actual distance from here,” he pointed at the ceiling, “and the moon.”
Some of the children gazed at Jester with wide eyes. Some looked confused.
“Is that far?” a little boy asked.
“It is,” Jester said. “It’s so far away we have to measure it with something called light-years. Does anyone know what a light-year is?”
They shook their heads.
“It’s the distance that light travels in one year. You see, light is so fast”—he made a circular motion with his hand—“that it can go around the planet seven times in one second.”
Some of the children let out a “Wow!” Others seemed confused, but they all listened with rapt attention.
“Yeah, that’s really fast. I bet you wish you could run that fast.” Jester motioned with arms as if he were running in place. The children giggled.
“Well, think about how fast that is. It would take over thirty years for light from your sun to reach my home.”
The children let out another “Wow!”
Jester nodded. “Yeah. You’d get really tired from all that running.”
Again, they giggled.
“Did it take you all that time to get here?” another boy asked.
Jester shook his head. “Oh no, because then I’d be really old. You see, someone figured out a way to go really, really fast.”
He pointed toward the fish tank at the classroom’s edge. “Now, imagine how fast that fish can swim. He probably couldn’t swim fast enough to get across the city in his lifetime. But what if you took the fish and his tank and put him on an airplane. He could go really fast, couldn’t he? A lot faster than he could ever swim. Well, that’s what my spaceship does. But, instead of putting the spaceship in a bucket of water, it digs out a piece of the universe itself. The ship remains perfectly still, like the fish in his tank, but the space around the ship moves through outer space, like the fish tank in the airplane.”
Sasha wasn’t sure if the children understood. She wasn’t sure if she understood, but the children seemed to like him, and that was what mattered.
“How long did it take?” a little girl asked.
“It took about six months.”
“Did you get lonely?”
Jester smiled and nodded. “A little bit, yes.”
Another boy spoke up. “Did you miss your mommy?”
Jester looked up at Sasha. Her smile disappeared, but his remained.
“Yes, I did,” he said.
With that, the bell chimed and class was over. Jester sat as the children filed out of the room. Some stopped and spoke with him. She couldn’t hear what they asked him, or hear his responses. But he kept smiling while he spoke to them. All of them waved good-bye when they left, and he waved in return, even calling some of them by name.
When the children filed out, the teacher went up to Jester. “Mr. Gold, thank you so much for coming.”
“It was my pleasure, Ms. Gadis.” He shook her hand. “They’re wonderful.”
She smiled in return. Sasha saw excess moisture in the palms of her hands. A wedding band wrapped her third finger.
“I have a question, though,” Jester said, “about the age of the children.”
The teacher raised an eyebrow. “What is it?”
“No one is eight or ten years old. They are all seven, nine, eleven, and so forth.”
The teacher shrugged.
“I assume that’s normal.”
“Yes, it’s normal,” the teacher said. “Why do you ask?”
“Just curious.” He pointed at the door. “I’ve seen a number of classrooms, but I haven’t seen living quarters.”
The teacher cast him a sideways glance. “Living quarters?”
“Where the children stay.” He held up his hands. “I understand if such a place is off-limits, I was just curious.”
The teacher looked at Sasha and then back at Jester. “They go home to their families.”
“Oh, I see,” he said, but Sasha could see he didn’t understand. “Yes, Ms. Merigole explained the concept to me.”
The teacher’s mouth fell open. After a moment, the teacher gathered her books. She stumbled for the door. “Thank you again, Mr. Gold.”
Sasha grimaced.
Jester waited until she left. “I seem to have a knack for saying the wrong thing.”
She nodded. “Yes, you do.”
“I hope I can make it up somehow.”
She stared at the floor for a moment, not wanting to make eye contact. How could she explain it to him? She felt the moisture on her palms. She had to, somehow.
“We should go,” she said. “The PM is waiting.”

~~~~

The car cruised along the ramps that led to the upper levels of the city. Sasha had Mr. Greyson close the divider window to give them privacy.
“Sasha, I really am trying to understand. Can you blame me for that?”
She refused to look at him. “You downloaded our worldwide net, and you don’t know what a family is.”
“It’s a lot of information to absorb. Implanting words and grammar is one thing. Understanding entire concepts is another.” He shrugged. “I’m only human.”
“Families consist of a mother and father. They raise their own children.”
“I know that now.”
She looked up at him. “Do you? You know the definition, but you don’t really know.”
“I want to know, Sasha. I want to understand.”
She tried to control her breathing. He really didn’t understand, and that was what terrified her.
“This is our way of life,” she said. “We were all raised this way, and we will always raise our children this way. And it starts with the bliss.”
“This mating ritual is the center of it? Where you mate for life?”
“It’s not just…” She stopped, registering what he just said. “Your people don’t mate for life, do you?”
He shook his head.
She couldn’t stop the tears. Things spiraled out of control, and it wouldn’t end well. The bliss would come very soon. She didn’t know if Jester could save her from it, or if she wanted him to.
“Sasha?”
She held up her hand. “Not now.”
“Then when?”
Mr. Greyson’s voice came over a speaker. “We’re here.”
She didn’t wait for the gentleman outside to open the door. “We can’t keep the prime minister waiting.”
She marched away from the car, away from him, and up the steps of the massive house. The Prime Residence rested on the highest tier of the city, overlooking the rest of it. It was a fantastic view, but it always gave Sasha vertigo. Made of solid white marble, it was fashioned after a similar political residence on Earth.
Her uncle greeted her on the steps. He went toward her with his arms open. “Sasha, my dear, how are you?”
She smiled as warmly as she could manage. “Hello, Uncle.”
He sighed. She never could hide things from him. “We’ll talk later,” he said.
Jester stepped forward before she could respond. “Mr. Prime Minister, it’s good to see you again.”
“Mr. Gold.” They shook hands. “How is your stay?”
“Very nice, sir. This is a beautiful world full of fine people.”
“It’s kind of you to say, sir.” Uncle Jon gestured for them to enter. “I have tea and scones ready.”
Jester blinked. “Scones?”
Uncle Jon shook as he laughed. “Maybe it’s best if you just try them.”
Her uncle took her hand as they went up the steps, giving a quick run of his fingers along her palm. She knew he had to feel the moisture there. He glanced at Jester who stared at the murals along the entrance hall. “Yes, we’ll definitely talk later.”

~~~~

They sat on the porch looking out over the forest hundreds of meters below. The top tier of the city was nearly a kilometer above the ground. Sasha had enough on her mind as it was. Now she had to add vertigo.
Jester held his teacup with his hand covering the open part of the cup. Sasha cleared her throat and held up her own cup, showing him how to hold it. He made an “aha” expression and then held the cup by the handle. He sipped it, and nearly dropped it. He looked up at her. “It’s hot.”
“Some tea is served hot.”
He took another sip before nibbling on a scone. He set the tea down in its saucer, nearly spilling it while trying to set it properly within the saucer. One of her uncle’s security service personnel snorted. Jester looked up and smiled as he picked up a scone.
Even after what happened in the park, she couldn’t help but smile in return. He was a good man. There was no question of that. The only problem was he didn’t understand their ways. If only she could teach him. Things happen for a reason. Maybe that was why he was here—to learn how to be with her.
Uncle Jon interrupted her thoughts. “Sasha tells me you are curious about Earth.”
“Yes, I am,” Jester said. “We know so little about Earth.”
“What we have is not much, but you are welcome to it.”
“Thank you, Prime Minister.” Jester took a bite of the scone.
Uncle Jon looked amused. “How do you like the scones?”
“Interesting.” Jester smiled and took another bite. “I’ve never tasted anything quite like them.”
“They are an old Earth delicacy,” Uncle Jon said. “I could give you the recipe if you like.”
“Uh, that would be splendid.” Jester set his scone down, having only nibbled the corner. He didn’t seem disgusted by it. It seemed merely so unfamiliar to him that he didn’t know what to make of it. Not like the sandwiches, she thought.
Uncle Jon’s belly shook as he laughed. “I’m sure you find much on our world unusual.”
“A little,” Jester said. “Most of it has been pleasantly surprising.”
He glanced at Sasha when he said that, and she felt her heart jump. The brightness in his eyes remained, the same brightness she saw when they were alone together in the park. Maybe he could learn. Maybe she could teach him. She had to. The bliss would happen soon. She could feel it in her heart and in her blood, and when it finally happened she needed to be with Jester. There could be no one else. And if he couldn’t be there for her…
“What sorts of things have been surprising, Mr. Gold?” Uncle Jon asked.
“A number of things. It seems everyone is aged odd number of years. People are nineteen, twenty-one, or twenty-three, but never eighteen, twenty, or twenty-two. And no one seems to keep track of their own birthday.”
Uncle Jon shrugged. “Exact dates and times are recorded.”
“Yes, I’m sure they are. However, no one seems to celebrate the exact date.”
“Is that customary on your world?” Uncle Jon asked.
“Yes, Prime Minister, it is. We keep track of our maturity by how many years we have lived. The day of one’s birth is cause for celebration.”
“We do something similar.” Uncle Jon took a bite from his scone. “We don’t celebrate exact dates, though. We celebrate it planet-wide during the Birthing.”
“Birthing?”
Uncle Jon nodded. “The time of our births.”
It took him a minute to understand. “All of you are born at the same time?”
“Within a few weeks of each other, yes. Is it not like this on your world?”
“No, Prime Minister, it is not. Births can happen at any time.”
“Interesting.” Uncle Jon pushed his plate away, a half-eaten scone sitting on it. “That would imply that your people bliss whenever they wish.”
“If you mean sex, then yes.” The security around them gave them a peculiar look. “But we don’t, uh, bliss for purposes of producing children.”
Sasha cleared her throat after swallowing a piece of scone. “Blissing doesn’t create children?”
Jester shook his head.
“Then, how do you have children?” Sasha asked.
“Most are grown in hospitals.”
Sasha flinched. “Grown?”
“Oh, yes. You donate genetic material with a partner, and your child is grown and placed in a school.”
“I… see.” Uncle Jon rocked gently in his chair. “I read Sasha’s report. You say you don’t have families?”
“That’s correct, Prime Minister.”
Uncle Jon stared at Jester for a moment. “So, people really only bliss for… entertainment?”
Jester laughed. “Yes, that too. Sometimes we bliss to close business deals or political agreements. It’s also as a rite of adulthood.”
“Political agreements?” Uncle Jon gave a shaky laugh. “With all due respect, I’m glad we don’t have that custom here.”
Jester smiled. To Sasha, it looked as if he did it out of politeness.
“I never thought of the bliss that way,” Sasha said. “I mean, our rites of adulthood are usually done openly, not like the bliss. But I suppose the bliss is a rite of adulthood in and of itself.”
“Good point.” Jester seemed to relax as he continued, “Though for us, one’s first act is not done in private.”
“You mean they do it publicly?” Sasha sat straight up in her chair, holding her teacup firmly enough to turn her knuckles white. Her uncle regarded Jester calmly, his eyes narrowed. She’d seen that look before with dignitaries that gave him bad news.
“Usually it is done in front of instructors,” Jester said. “After all, it’s a skill like any other.”
Sasha’s mouth fell open. “People watch?”
“Of course. And they offer advice.”
“Advice?” Uncle Jon’s self-control broke for a moment. “In… in the middle of the act?”
“Yes, and they applaud what the student does correctly.”
Sasha nearly choked on her tea. “Why in God’s name would they do that?”
“If a student does a task correctly, we believe it should be celebrated.” He looked at Sasha sideways. “How do your people learn to bliss?”
Sasha leaned back again. Uncle Jon looked at her with a raised eyebrow. “We… Andrew and I managed.”
“It just comes naturally, then?”
She shrugged. “It never occurred to me anyone needed training. We just… tried to make each other happy.”
He looked at Sasha for a moment, nodding politely. “That’s interesting.” He looked at Uncle Jon. “Our ways may seem odd, but it has been quite an effective way of doing things thus far.”
Uncle Jon regained control of himself. “I’m sure there are customs among our kind that are unusual to you.”
“True.” Jester sipped his tea. “Certain actions and customs are foreign to me. There seems to be no counterpart in our society.”
Sasha held her teacup with both hands. “What sorts of customs?”
“Well, for example, there are shows on the net I find confusing. The point of these shows centers on two people who seem desperate to get together for some reason. They used certain words that my ship’s computer had identified when analyzing your language, but couldn’t translate into my language.”
“What words?” Uncle Jon asked.
“There’re a number of them.” Jester pulled out his tablet. “I made a list of them. One word in particular confounds me. I know it relates to the bliss, but I’m not sure what it means.”
Jester turned the tablet around to show them. He had highlighted one word.
The teacup slipped out of her hands. It bounced on the ground once, and then shattered on the second impact. Whispers spread through the security around them as one of them caught sight of the word. It was unprofessional, but no one questioned it.
Uncle Jon just sat with his hands clasped in front of him. She had known him long enough to know when he was disturbed, even when he maintained his composure. It was nothing compared to the way she felt.
“Could you please explain it to me?” Jester asked.
Sasha barely registered her uncle’s response. “I’m afraid I have business to attend to, Mr. Gold. We’ll have to conduct this later.” Uncle Jon stood and extended his hand. “It was a pleasure, sir.”
Jester stood, confused, and took his hand. “Likewise, Prime Minister.”
Uncle Jon gave a polite smile and turned to Sasha. “Would you join me, please?”
“I need to escort him to the car.” She left briskly, not waiting for Jester to follow.
“Sasha?” Jester stood. “Sasha, what’s wrong?”
She ignored him. Instead of going through the PM’s residence, she went around the side. It was over, like that. All fantasies of making things work between her and him evaporated. It lasted just long enough to have hope, only to have it taken from her. She wished she’d never answered Kay’s call that day.
Jester managed to catch up with her. “Sasha, talk to me.”
If she spoke, the tears would come. She couldn’t even look at him.
“I’m trying to understand. If you would just help me.”
She stopped so suddenly he almost ran into her. She faced him, and when she did the tears came, as she knew they would. “I can’t help you understand. No one can.”
“Why?”
“Ask Mr. Greyson to take you back to the base.”
She went back the way she came, back to where her uncle waited. Jester called after her again, but she didn’t respond. His people suffered, and they didn’t know it. And now she would suffer, as well.
Uncle Jon waited for her in the garden. The forlorn look on his face told her he understood what would happen. This would be her last bliss. After that, she would be gone. Just like Andrew.





THE POINT OF MADNESS



Jester stood near the gate, waiting for Sasha to arrive. He didn’t think she ever wanted to see him again, but when he heard her voice and saw her image on his tablet he was elated. Now the anticipation gnawed at him.
Few people had spoken to him in the three days since meeting the PM. Some of the security and wait staff at the Prime Residence had overheard the conversation. Now everyone on the planet knew that Jester didn’t know the word. Though they were polite, few would speak to him any longer.
When he saw Colonel Lambear, he asked him about the word.
“I can’t say,” the colonel answered. “No one can. You know, or you don’t.”
He watched countless news feeds on his tablet. One journalist suggested his people were incapable of empathy, which he found horrifying.
Going home seemed like the best option.
Sasha’s car approached the gate. He felt the familiar, inexplicable giddiness he always felt when he saw her. For a moment, he wondered if perhaps it was just her car come to pick him to take him to see the prime minister one last time. Colonel Lambear had argued to keep him on the base during the bliss, but the PM overruled him. He insisted on having him stay at the Prime Residence with him.
The car pulled to a stop. Mr. Greyson stepped out, but didn’t acknowledge Jester as he opened the rear door. A sense of relief washed over him as he saw her sitting inside. She didn’t step out.
“Mr. Gold,” Mr. Greyson said. “If you please.”
He looked up and saw Mr. Greyson motioning for him to enter. Jester nodded and climbed into the backseat next to her. In moments, the car left the base.
When she didn’t say anything, he spoke. “Hello.”
She looked at him and smiled. Her face was flush, and her hands sweaty. Her breathing seemed almost labored. “Jester.”
Hearing her speak his name sent a current through him. It used to make him wonder about the power she had over him, but he no longer cared.
“I missed you,” he said.
“Did you?”
“Of course I did.”
She turned away from him, looking out her window. “I understand you’re leaving us.”
That, too, had spread across the planetary net. “Yes.”
“Are you happy to be going home?”
“Are you happy to see me leave?”
Her body shook for a moment, and she held her hands to her face. A few seconds later, she lowered them. “No, but maybe it’s for the best.”
“So you’re mad at me, too.” He kept looking at her, hoping she would turn and face him again. “Everyone is.”
“We’re not mad,” she said. “We’re frightened.”
“Frightened? Of what?”
“You don’t know the word.”
Jester leaned back. “I told you, our ways are—”
“Are different, I know.” She faced him again. “None of us ever imagined this.”
“Imagined what?”
“That there are humans out there who wouldn’t understand the one word that describes the core of our beliefs.” She looked out the window at the gathering storm clouds. “It’ll probably happen tonight.”
“The bliss.”
She rubbed her hands together. The moisture on her palms had gotten worse. “Each of us will become vulnerable during this time, vulnerable to each other. It’s a celebration of who we are as a people. It will bind us another forever.”
“You mate for life.”
She laughed without any mirth. “You make it sound so clinical. It’s more than you can understand.”
“What is it about, then?”
She used the word, as if that alone could explain it.
“I want to understand,” he said, “but no one will tell me.”
“Because we can’t.” Her voice cracked through the tears. “It can’t be taught, only felt.”
He reached for her hand, but she pulled it away. “Sasha, I want to understand.”
She didn’t answer as she clasped and unclasped her hands. The moisture was as bad as he had ever seen. “The wind had caught a stack of papers.”
“What?”
“I was writing my essay on extra-planetary colonies of humanity, the one you read.” She looked out the window again. “I’d printed it out. I always preferred to edit my work on hard copy. I’d lost half of it to the wind. Andrew saw me searching for it and spent an hour with me while we picked up every scrap of it.” She sniffed. “Even then I knew we would bliss. I could feel it deep down.”
She smiled, remembering. “And when the time came, we did. It was wonderful.” Her smile dissolved into tears. “We never had another. A week before our second bliss, he died.”
“Sasha, I’m so sorry.”
“How can you be?” She looked back at him. “You can’t understand what we went through, what we all go through. This word means everything to us. And your people don’t understand. It’s unimaginable.”
“And that’s why no one will speak to me.”
She lowered her gaze for a moment, then glanced forward out the front windshield. “We’re here.”
“Already?” He looked out the window, but they weren’t at the Prime Residence. The car had pulled to a stop on a flat, open area just off the main road leading to the city. Another car remained parked nearby.
Sasha stepped out of the car, and Jester did the same.
“That’s your new car and driver,” she said. “He’ll take you to the prime minister and wherever else you need to go after that.”
“You’re not coming with me?”
She shook her head.
“When will I see you again?”
“You won’t.” She stepped back into the car and shut the door.
“What?” Jester looked in through the open door on his side. “Sasha, why?”
“It won’t be possible.”
“Sasha, I want to see you again.”
“I said it won’t be possible. Please just accept it. I have.”
He gesticulated, trying to come up with the right words. “How can I make it right?”
“It’s not that. It’s…” She held her head in her hands for a moment before looking at him. “It’s just over.”
She leaned across the seat and grasped the door handle. “Good-bye, Jester Gold. Take care of yourself.”
She pulled the door out of Jester’s hands. As soon as it slammed shut, the car sped away. Jester ran after it, as if he could catch her. He stopped after a few meters and watched as the vehicle merged onto the highway and continued into the city.
Her last words sounded so final. It hurt him. In his short time here, she had become the center of everything. She couldn’t be gone, not like that. It brought an ache inside that he knew wouldn’t go away, not until he saw her again.
His new driver tried to get his attention. “Sir, if you would get in please?”
Jester ignored him as he looked up at the sky. It would rain soon.

~~~~

Sasha, get back to me, please? Mark and I are worried.
Sasha thought she should say good-bye to her, but Kay would just call the police to come get her. She thought of sending a delayed message, one that would go when the bliss was done.
Greyson spoke. “We’re here.”
Sasha opened the door and stepped out into the rain.
Greyson got out and opened his umbrella, holding it over her. “I’ll wait here.”
She looked out over the graveyard. She could see where he rested from there. “That’s all right, Mr. Greyson. I don’t need you anymore.”
“Don’t do this.”
“It can’t be helped.” She held her hand to her chest. A twinge of pain made her grimace. She still had her pills, but they couldn’t stop what was about to happen.
“Let me take you to him.”
Sasha sighed. “He can’t understand.”
“I don’t believe that. He feels something. He may not understand, but he feels it. He’s human like we are.”
“Not like we are. His people aren’t like us.” She squeezed the bottle of pills in her hand. “Thank you, Mr. Greyson, but I want to die next to my husband.”
Raindrops fell from the edges of the umbrella. She was about to step out into the rain when he spoke.
“When my wife died, I felt the same.”
Sasha raised her head. “What?”
“She’s out there.” He nodded toward the graveyard where she buried Andrew years before. “I used to go out there every day before and after work.” He gestured at the pills Sasha clutched. “I had to take those too. They never go down easy, do they? Even with water.”
“I didn’t know.”
He shrugged. “No reason you should.”
“But you’re still here.”
“Yes, I am. I went two, almost three blisses without someone. I met my Anna three months before the bliss. I didn’t like her at first, but now I care for her so much it hurts.” He smiled. “You know what that’s like.”
“I did.”
He grinned. “You still do. I see how you look at him.”
She shook her head. “It’s wrong.”
“It’s never wrong, Sasha.” He looked out at the graveyard. “I miss Cally, even now. But Anna saved my life by just being there.” He looked back at Sasha. “Jester could do the same for you.”
She looked at Drew Greyson for a moment. She never knew he was a dreamer. But some dreams couldn’t be.
She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you, Drew.”
“Sasha, please.”
“Good-bye. Go home to your Anna.”
She stepped out from under the umbrella into the pouring rain. The grass squished under her feet as she made her way between the rows to where Andrew lay. She shivered as the rain soaked her, but she didn’t care.
Behind her, the car pulled away. She sat, running her hand over Andrew’s name. Six years, and it still hurt. She lay down in the wet grass next to him. She closed her eyes, letting the rain drench her. It wouldn’t be long now.

~~~~

The driver opened the car door. Jester thanked him and stepped toward the PM’s home. The rain had stopped just a few minutes before, leaving scattered puddles around the road and sidewalk near the Prime Residence.
The prime minister waited for him outside, standing two steps down from the entrance. His security people stood nearby, eyeing Jester as if he were a threat, but they made no move as he approached the prime minister.
The prime minister remained as cordial as ever. “I understand you are leaving, sir.”
Jester nodded. “My people are expecting me.”
“You will be missed.”
“Will I? It seems I’ve offended everyone.”
The prime minister shook his head. “No, Mr. Gold. You haven’t offended us. Only frightened us.”
“That’s what Sasha said. She said it was best if I left.”
“I can’t agree with that. Not after what has happened to her.”
Jester tried to hide his frustration. People always spoke of things he should know, but they couldn’t quite seem to explain it. “What exactly has happened?”
“The bliss, Mr. Gold.” He took a step toward Jester. “You’ve deeply affected my niece. Don’t you see?”
“It’s during this time your people procreate.” Jester eyes widened. That had to be it. “She wants to have a child?”
It wasn’t hard to miss the frustration in the prime minister. “You know nothing, Mr. Gold.” He sighed, looking out at the rain clouds. “I suppose I can’t blame you. You are a product of your culture. Opening yourself up to a new culture would be taxing for anyone. It would be the same for us on your world.”
“Then help me understand. It has to do with this bliss your people are preparing for, right?”
“Of course.”
“And it does have to do with children,” Jester said. “Everyone is born at about the same time of the year, which means they are conceived at the same time. This time, right?”
“Yes.”
He grasped at air, trying to understand. “So she does want to have a child?”
The prime minister scowled. “Again, you are being dogmatic.” He held out his hand to one of the security people, who handed him a tablet. The prime minister held it so Jester could see. “This happened earlier today.”
Jester watched the recording. It was a newscaster, giving a report on the progress of the bliss. She spoke of children staying with grandparents while their parents blissed, and then she stopped mid-sentence. Her face flushed a deep red. She lifted her hand, and a sheet of paper stuck to her shaking hand.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” she said. She hunched over, almost as if in pain. “Eric… I need…”
Her voice failed her, and she doubled over again. She started to fall, and then someone appeared to help her. At that instant, the view switched to another camera. A man in a suit stared off camera. Jester could tell he stared at the woman he had just seen. “Our apologies, ladies and gentleman. It’s hard to say who’ll go into the bliss early. Don’t worry. We’ll get her home soon.”
The prime minister took the tablet back. “What is happening to her will happen to all who are of age. It is the bliss.”
Jester stared at the tablet as the prime minister handed it back to his security guard. “The woman is with her mate. Her… husband?”
The prime minister nodded. “She will bliss with him. It happens every two years.”
Jester’s mouth fell open. “Your people only have sex every two years?”
“Unlike your people.”
“Why? Why would you wait for two years? Is it tradition?”
The prime minster stared off into the distance, as if admiring a view he had seen a hundred times. “Again, you don’t understand. We don’t choose to wait. We have no choice in the matter. We live our lives without thinking of such things, and then the bliss happens. After it is done, we go back to our lives.”
Jester just stood for a moment, trying to process it. “You can’t have sex except during the bliss.”
“Even if we wanted to have sex outside of the bliss, we are physically incapable of it.”
“How did this happen?”
He looked back at Jester. “We aren’t sure if our ancestors evolved this way on the long voyage or if we were engineered at some point. Whatever the reason, it’s just who we are.”
“And what about Sasha?”
His expression turned grim. “She hasn’t seen a bliss since her husband died. I’d hoped this would save her, that you would save her. I was wrong.”
“Save her? What do you mean?”
He stared at Jester for a long moment before replying. “She’s dying.”
Jester’s mouth went dry.
“She didn’t tell you?”
“Only that her husband died.”
The prime minster sighed again. “Of course she didn’t. She doesn’t open up easily.”
“How is she dying?” Jester’s voice shook.
“When her husband died, she went into shock. It’s not uncommon. The stress of his loss has caused her body to reject the bliss. The physiological changes don’t manifest, but the hormones that cause these changes remain. They have built up in her body over the years and are acting as poisons. Her heart can’t take the stress.”
“The pills,” Jester said.
“You’ve seen her take them, haven’t you? They help with some of the symptoms, but they can’t save her.”
“It makes no sense,” Jester said. “I’ve had friends die. It hurt, but the pain of losing them never put my life in danger.”
The prime minister grimaced again. “As I’ve been saying, you don’t understand. The bliss is more than sex, more than having children. It’s a union between two people, a union that can only be explained with a word you don’t understand.”
He didn’t understand, but that didn’t matter. She was dying. In a short time, the universe would be without her, and he would be alone. No matter where he went, whether he stayed here or went back home, he would be alone. “The bliss happens today, doesn’t it?”
“It’s already starting in some parts of the world. By tonight, all who are of age will bliss.”
“Do you know where she is?”
The prime minister shrugged. “I thought you might know.”
“Please, sir.” Jester stepped toward the prime minister, reaching for him. The security people started, but a gesture from the prime minister stopped them. “If you have any idea where she is, you have to tell me.”
The prime minister narrowed his eyes. “Why?”
“What do you mean, why?” Jester couldn’t stop his voice from shaking. “If I can save her—”
“And how will you save her?” The prime minister shook his head. “With all due respect, you don’t understand the bond that binds all of our people together. That’s what she needs. That’s what will save her.”
“So there’s no hope?” Jester paced back and forth, wringing his hands. “Just because I don’t know the meaning of that word, there’s no hope? She’ll… die?”
The prime minister lowered his chin. “She’s my niece, Mr. Gold. I know family means little to you or your people, but it means so much to us. I wouldn’t want to lose her, not like this.” He looked at Jester. “If she’s not at her home, then I’m not sure where she would be. I’m sorry.”
“I have to try.”
“Try what, Mr. Gold?”
“Anything.” He threw up his hands. “Whatever it takes. I can’t let her…” He gesticulated for a moment. There weren’t enough words to explain, but he did understand what he had to do. “I have to go, Prime Minister.”
The prime minister nodded. “Good luck, sir.”
Jester gave a quick nod and left, running down the steps of the Prime Residence to the waiting car.
The driver stared at Jester, bug-eyed, as he slid to a stop in front of him. “I take it we’re in a hurry, sir?”
“Sasha Merigole’s home,” Jester said.
“Certainly. Do you know the address?”
Jester froze. He didn’t know. Someone always took him there, but he never went there himself. She was going to die because he didn’t know where she lived.
“I know where she is, Mr. Gold.”
Jester spun around. He hadn’t noticed the second car. Sasha’s driver, Mr. Greyson, stood with the door open. He tipped his hat. “If you’ll get in, I’ll take you to her.”
Jester rushed into the waiting car without another word.

~~~~

The car moved at a crawl. It seemed every car in the city was on the road at the same time. It’d been half an hour since they left the Prime Residence.
“Everyone’s getting last-minute staples,” Mr. Greyson said. “Just in time for the bliss.”
Jester leaned forward, staring out the front window. Instead of sitting in the back, he sat in the front with Greyson. He looked at the sky, but he couldn’t see where the sun was through the clouds. If he could reach her before nightfall, he might be in time. Assuming she didn’t bliss early.
He felt trapped, wanting to save her but not being able to do anything about it. He wanted to scream at every car to get out of their way, but he knew they were all in a similar predicament. They were trying to reach someone in time for the bliss, just as he was.
“Do you mind if I ask you something?”
Mr. Greyson kept his eyes on the traffic. “Not at all.”
“Is there someone back home? Someone who…” Jester didn’t know how to describe it. Asking if he had a mate seemed rude.
“My wife, yes. Right now she’s at the hospital.”
Jester caught his breath. If something had happened to Sasha… “Is she all right?”
Mr. Greyson smiled. “Oh, she’s fine. She’s volunteering for a shift. The young can’t function during the bliss, so those of us who are older take over certain services.” He darted in front of another car, ignoring the honking horn behind him. “I’m scheduled to drive an ambulance tomorrow.”
“Won’t the two of you miss the bliss?”
“No, we haven’t blissed in a while. We’re too old.”
“Oh.” Jester looked forward again. An opening appeared near a ramp. Mr. Greyson cut across two lanes to reach it. He accelerated down the ramp well past the speed limit. A minute later, the car raced out of the tunnel on to a mercifully empty road. Greyson steered across three lanes toward a large, grassy open area. It looked like a park, but knew it wasn’t. He remembered this kind of place from his download of the world net. These people buried their dead. Several markers, mostly stone, sat in rows. A handful of trees dotted the open space.
“There she is.”
Mr. Greyson parked and left the engine running. At first, Jester couldn’t see her. Then, he saw someone lying on the grass near one of the large stones.
He put his hand on Mr. Greyson’s shoulder. “Thank you.”
Mr. Greyson gave a short nod. “Go on. I’ll wait.”
Jester stepped from the car. The morning rain made the grass soggy. It soaked his shoes as he moved between the graves. Each stone had a name and a date. If he were too late, would she end up here, next to her husband?
She leaned against a gravestone that read Andrew Merigole, in loving memory. She didn’t move, even as he approached.
“Sasha?”
She jumped, and he felt relief wash over him. There was still time. She turned and looked at him. Her face had flushed red and her hands shook, just as the newscaster’s hand had. Her voice shook as she said, “Go away.”
He knelt. “Sasha, let me help.”
“You can’t.”
“Please…”
She looked away. “I said go away.”
“No.” He reached for her, but she pushed him away.
“You can’t help me.”
“I have to try.” Jester reached for her again. She struggled halfheartedly as he took her hand, and this time, she let him. “Sasha, your uncle explained it to me. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Tell you what?”
“That you were dying.”
She kept staring at the gravestone in front of her. “Would it matter?”
“Of course it matters.” He clenched his jaw. “I want you to live.”
“What do you care?” She cringed, clutching at her chest. The pain disappeared from her face after a few seconds, but Jester knew it would return. “You’re going home, back to your world. You don’t need me.”
“I do need you.”
“Do you?” Sasha looked back at him. “Why?”
“I don’t know.” He brushed aside a strand of hair from her face. “But I do.”
She shook again, as if having another attack, but she recovered. “You don’t understand anything. You know nothing about us, or me.”
“So you’re just going to lay here and die? You won’t even try to save yourself.”
“I died when Andrew died.” She ran her fingers across Andrew’s name on the gravestone. “I’ve been walking around pretending to live. It’s best I were with him.”
Her dress was rumpled, and her makeup had washed away. Even in her disheveled state, she looked stunning, more so than when he first met her.
“You can’t save me,” she said. “Do you know why?” She picked up her tablet that had been lying in the grass. A frozen image of a young man sat on the screen. He held a smiling Sasha in his arms. She touched the image and it disappeared. In its place appeared a headline to a news article. She highlighted one word.
“Say it.”
It was the word, the word he didn’t understand, the word that had no meaning to him. He opened his mouth and tried to speak it. “Luh—”
“Say it.”
It wouldn’t come out naturally, but he spoke it anyway. “Love?”
“That’s right.” She shuddered. “Now tell me what it means.”
He stared at the word, as if that alone could explain it. “I don’t know.”
She let the tablet slip from her fingers. “That’s why you can’t save me. We always thought this word was universal, a part of the human condition. No matter how different our cultures, this word would bind us. You showed us that’s not true, and that’s what terrifies us.”
She pulled her hand away from Jester’s grasp. “I’m tired. I’m so tired. I’m tired of the pills. I’m tired of waking up and reaching for the empty side of the bed. I’m tired of hurting every day. The pain never goes away.” She pointed at the pill bottle on the ground. “Even those can’t save me. I’d accepted that one day I would die, and then you came.”
Jester sat on his knees, letting the damp grass soak through his pants.
“I thought I could survive with you,” she said. “If we blissed, we would be together forever.” She picked up the tablet, the word still highlighted. “But the most horrible thing possible happened. You can’t understand this,”—she pointed at the word—“and so nothing has changed for me.”
“Help me understand.”
“Stop asking me that. I can’t. You either understand, or you don’t, and you don’t understand.” She threw the tablet, sending it skidding away across the damp grass. “I’m so tired of waiting for something to happen that can’t. I’m tired of waiting for you to understand, for you to be there for me. I’m tired of sympathetic looks from my doctor and my uncle and my friends. I’m tired of waiting to die. So just leave me. Go back to your awful world where the women bliss every day, and leave me here.”
Jester’s heart pounded. “I can’t.”
“Let me die.”
“No.”
He moved closer, closer than he had ever been to her. “I can’t. I won’t.” He searched for the words to describe what he wanted to say, but they just didn’t exist. “Ever since I saw you I’ve been thinking about you. I’d dream about you and not know why. Every time you appeared I felt…”
“What?” Her voice was barely above a whisper.
“I don’t know.” Jester ran his hand through his hair. “I don’t like it when you’re not around. When you are around, I feel as if nothing could go wrong. We could just sit somewhere all day and that would be fine, because you were there with me.”
She said nothing as she watched him, holding her hand to her lips.
“More than anything I want to understand this… this obsession. It’s as if I was dying of thirst and didn’t know it. Now I’m drowning.” He gave a small laugh. “I’m insane.”
She ran her hands around his neck as he spoke.
“I’m babbling, aren’t I? I don’t mean to. I think I’ve always wanted to say this, but I couldn’t put it into words. Even now, I—”
She pulled him close and pressed her lips against his. He was so shocked he didn’t know what to do, but then every thought failed him. It was electric. It was as if his mind had short-circuited. A current flowed from her to him, uniting them. He couldn’t push away, even if he wanted to.
They parted, but the sensation remained. He had to make a conscious effort to open his eyes. When he did, he saw her smiling
“Dear God,” he said. “What was that?”
She opened her mouth in surprise. “You don’t have kissing on your world?”
He tilted his head. “Is that what that is?”
“There’s no translation in your language for that word, either?”
He shook his head.
Her shoulders drooped as she stared at him. “Your people are suffering and they don’t know it.”
He gave a half smile. He was starting to suspect it was true.
She pushed herself to her knees and then stood. He stood with her, still holding her hand. “Take me home.”
She teetered for a moment, and he caught her. When she righted herself, he still kept his hand around her waist, just in case. She headed back to the car where Mr. Greyson waited patiently, a smile on his face, and Jester helped her along.
“Will you be all right?”
“Yes,” she said, “with your help.”
“But how do I help you?”
She smiled. “I’ll show you when we get home.”

~~~~

Jester thought he knew what to expect. He was wrong.
At last he understood why some of the appliances had wheels. The moved easily, as they were designed to do. As he helped her roll the refrigerator and pantry into the bedroom, he could see her face grow flusher, almost to the point of being a complete pink. She perspired, but the apartment’s temperature felt comfortable to him.
When they finished, he turned to her. “What do we—?”
She put her finger over his lips. “Shh.” She pulled off his suit jacket and let it fall to the floor. At first, she tried to undo his shirt buttons, but the dexterity in her fingers failed her. Finally, she ripped it open, sending buttons across the room. Her hands ran across his skin, the moisture in her palms gripping his skin like glue.
He ran his hands over her dress, trying to figure out how to remove it while she pulled at his belt buckle. She had his pants off while he still fumbled at the latch. He managed to pry it open, breaking it in the process. She pulled the dress over her head in a second. Their undergarments followed.
She pulled him on top of her as they fell into the bed. She pressed her lips against his chest, his neck, and on his own lips. Kissing, she called it. It was like nothing on Jester’s world. A simple touching of the lips changed everything. It increased every sensation. Every movement was almost too much to bear, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. But it wasn’t just that. It was… something he couldn’t define. Those shows on the net, showing people struggling to be together. They had gazed at each other the way she gazed at him. Every part of their lives had at least something to do with the bliss.
She was right. His people suffered.

~~~~

She clung to him as she lay on top of him. Her body was slick with moisture, but the moisture on her hands stuck to his bare skin. She could slide her hand across his body with ease, but she never broke contact.
“I was wondering about that.”
“It’s to keep you with me,” she said. “It keeps us bonded during the bliss.”
“How long is this bliss?”
She hovered over him, her breasts brushing gently against his skin. “Two days.”
“Two days?” He wrapped his arms around her. “I don’t want to admit this, but I’m not sure I can last.”
She smiled, her lips inches from his. “I have faith in you.”

~~~~

Two days flew by.
Jester barely registered the passing of night and day. After a marathon session, they slept. A few hours later, they awoke and continued. Jester expected his stamina to fail him at some point, but it never happened. No matter how long or how often, he managed to continue.
The only time they left the bed was to relieve themselves. She couldn’t disengage her hands from him, so they had to together. It worried him at first. But when she sat with him, connected to him as he relieved himself, he was fine. When she did the same, he didn’t feel a shred of disgust. Such a thing would’ve deeply disturbed his people, but now it felt natural.
In between lovemaking—it was what she called it—they would eat.
“You sure made a lot of sandwiches.” He broke off another corner and fed it to her.
She chewed slowly. “Mmm hmm.”
“Don’t talk with your mouth full.”
She swallowed the bite of sandwich. “I wasn’t.”
“If you say so.” He took a bite of the same sandwich and then gave her another bite. “Any reason you decided to make only sandwiches?”
“Soup wouldn’t make sense. Sandwiches are easy.” She took a bite. “I hope you’re not complaining. I thought you liked sandwiches?”
“I do. I’m just making a comment, nothing more.”
“If you say so.”
When they finished the sandwich, he barely managed to close the refrigerator. She slid her hands around his back and pulled him close. He pushed her down and crawled on top of her.
“Is it always like this? I mean before with…” He stopped when her smile disappeared. “I shouldn’t have—”
“It’s all right.” She ran her hands up and down his back. “It’s a good memory. And, yes, it’s always like this.”
“I didn’t mean to ruin the moment.”
She shook her head. “You didn’t.”
“But you’re not smiling anymore.”
“Then why don’t you make me smile?”

~~~~

Morning light shined through the curtains, illuminating the peculiar patterns in the ceiling. Sasha lay next to him, one hand on his chest and one leg on top of him. Both her hands were as dry as his were.
She stirred, squeezing his hand gently. He thought he’d be so exhausted he’d be relieved it was over. Instead, he wished it could continue. He’d never been so close to someone before. How could his people have thrown away something like this?
She murmured in her sleep. It sounded like his name.

~~~~

They bathed in a tub large enough to hold them both. They’d been there for an hour and the water grew cold, but Jester didn’t care. He simply enjoyed watching her as they washed each other. And she did the same.
She looked between his legs and giggled.
“You know, where I come from most men would be offended by that.”
“Don’t be like that.” She gestured with the sponge. “It’s as if you are still in bliss.”
Jester didn’t have to look to know he was flaccid. After two days, he wasn’t sure when it would start working normally again.
“What do you mean?”
She pointed. “It’s still hanging. Well, floating right now.”
“That’s not normal?”
“After the bliss, they usually retract.”
“Oh.” He started to look down, then changed his mind. “Well, mine usually stay that way.”
“I see that.” She leaned over and kissed him. “We have a lot to learn about each other.”
“We do.” He kissed her back. It was something that would never get old. “I can’t wait to get started.”
Her laugh was melodic. “I think we just did.”

~~~~

They dressed, her in a bright white dress and him in a tan suit with a white shirt. He didn’t know if she had purchased it or if it belonged to Andrew, but the clothes fit perfectly.
She opened a small box on her dresser. She dug through the jewelry within and produced a pair of rings.
“What are those for?” Jester asked.
“They’re for later. Ready?”
Jester nodded. “Where are we going?”
“To the park. There’s one last thing to do.” She paused, looking at him. “If you’re ready.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” He kissed her. “A court jester needs his queen.”
She kissed him. “Yes, he does.”
Together they stepped outside her apartment building. People lined the sidewalks and streets, always two at a time. Each couple walked arm in arm, and all in the same direction. Everyone dressed in white or lighter colors.
“Where are they going?”
“The same place we are.” Sasha put her arm under his. “Shall we?”
Together they went out into the street. Passing couples greeted them warmly. Some spoke of the beautiful, sunny day, not like the last bliss where it rained. Most were quiet, gazing at the one with them. There was nothing but joy in these people.
They rounded a corner and the park stood before them, packed with people. He had no idea how they could all fit in the park. He looked over at Sasha, remembering the last time a crowd surrounded them. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I’m okay.” She squeezed his arm. “I don’t know why, but I’m okay.”
They went into the park amidst the throngs of people. It wasn’t loud or disruptive. Everyone spoke graciously, saying, “Excuse me” or “Beg your pardon” if they bumped into each other. Many congratulated each other. Jester had never seen so many friendly people in one place.
“Sasha!” A woman came out of the crowd, dressed in white. She threw her arms around Sasha and hugged her tightly.
“Oh, thank God.” She kissed Sasha on the cheek. “I’m so happy for you, girl.”
Jester watched the strange woman as Sasha returned the hug. He couldn’t hear what Sasha mumbled to her, but when they parted, they were both in tears.
“Congratulations.” A man stood beside Jester, his hand extended. Jester took it and shook. “We haven’t met. I’m Kay’s husband, Mark.”
“Nice to meet you.” Jester assumed the other woman was Kay. “I’m Jester.”
His laugh was loud, but pleasant. “Yes, you are. I want to thank you.”
“For what?”
“For saving our friend.” Mark nodded at Sasha. “We were terrified she wouldn’t make it through this one.”
Before Jester could respond, arms wrapped around him. Kay stood on her toes and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you.” She hugged him so tightly it hurt.
Mark put a hand on his shoulder. “We’ll leave you two to join. See you later.”
Sasha waved at them as they disappeared into the crowd.
“Why are they here?” Jester said. “Not just them, but everyone.”
“Most are reaffirming their vows,” she said. “Some are here to join for the first time.”
“Like us?”
She stopped, gripping his arm tighter as she looked at him. “I need to know.”
“Know what?”
“Do you want to stay with me?”
He shrugged. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“No, listen.” She wrapped her arms around him. “It’s not like your world.”
He nodded. “You mate for life.”
“Yes. Until death. Can you—?” She pursed her lips. “Can you do this?”
He cupped her face in his hands. “I don’t want to be with anyone else. I only want to be with you.”
She let out her breath. “Okay then.” She guided him through the crowd toward a grove of trees. Some people had set up small booths and sold snack items. All congratulated him and Sasha. Up ahead, a group of people stood in a circle. One of them saw Sasha and Jester and waved them over.
“Wait, Father,” he said, “I think we have another.”
Sasha led Jester to the circle of people. They parted, and in the center stood an elderly man. “Are you here for the joining?”
“Yes, Father,” Sasha said. “We’re not late, are we?”
He grinned, as if he’d rather not be anywhere else. “You’re just in time.”
The group moved aside and allowed them to join the circle that surrounded the elderly man. Each couple faced him, holding the hand of their partner. Jester did the same.
The man spoke as if had said the lines many times but still enjoyed it. “You all stand before your maker. You stand beside the one who will walk with you always. Now and forever, they will be with you.”
Forever, Jester thought. Sasha glanced at him, grinning as broadly as he did. Yes, he could see them being together forever.
“Do you swear to cherish each other always?” the father asked.
“I do,” murmured the crowd.
“Do you swear to stay by each other always?”
“I do,” The crowd murmured again.
“Do you swear to love each other always?”
He used the word, the word Jester didn’t know. For a split second, the word felt natural. To love. Always. He repeated the word in his mind. He looked at her, and he thought he could feel the word they way they did. The feeling burst forth before he could stop it.
“I do!”
Everyone stared at Jester’s outburst, which came half a second after everyone said, “I do.”
“Uh, excuse me,” Jester said. “I got carried away.”
They laughed openly, and then all at once they shouted, “I do!”
“That’s more like it,” the father said.
The laughter continued for a moment, and then the father continued. “And so before the maker, I pronounce you bonded until death.”
Sasha faced Jester, and he her. She took one of the rings she had brought with them and placed it on the third finger of his left hand. She handed him the other and then held out her own hand. He placed the other ring on her same finger.
“Go forth,” the father said, “with the maker’s blessing.”
Sasha put her arms around him. They kissed, as did every other couple. Applause erupted around him, but Jester ignored them. He wanted to savor every moment with his wife.

~~~~

After a day of dancing and celebrating, Jester thought he’d go right to sleep, but he lay awake, staring at the ceiling. He couldn’t sleep with so much on his mind.
He’d found a message on his tablet earlier. The prime minister’s people had sent him all the information they had regarding Earth. It wasn’t much, but it was more than his people had.
Sasha curled up next to him, her arm over him, breathing softly. Long before he promised himself to her, he made a promise to his own people. It was an obligation he couldn’t refuse. Besides, his people had to know what happened here, what they were missing.
Sasha’s form shifted in the darkness. He would do it early, before she awoke.





THE MEANING OF THE WORD



The morning sun woke Sasha. For the first time for as long as she could remember, she looked forward to the day. She had no clue what to tell her uncle, or the rest of her family. They’d be happy for her, though not as happy as she was. She reached over to the other side of the bed.
He wasn’t there. “Jester?”
There was no answer.
The bathroom door was open, and he wasn’t in the living room or the kitchen. He must be outside, she thought. Maybe getting some air. That had to be the reason.
Her tablet rang. She picked it up off the kitchen counter and answered it.
Kay looked panicked. “Sasha?”
“Kay, what is it?”
“Is Jester there?”
She shook her head. “Not at the moment.”
“Oh no! Tell me he’s not doing what I think he’s doing.”
“What do you mean?”
Kay held her hand to her mouth. “Look at the news.”
Sasha pulled up a news feed on the living room screen. Jester’s spaceship filled the view. Lights flickered from underneath it. The soldiers assigned to protect it backed away as the vessel continued to glow brighter.
“All evidence indicates power levels in the vessel have increased,” the announcer said. “No one knows how long until the vessel is at full power.”
“Sasha? He wouldn’t, would he?”
But she had already dropped the tablet.

~~~~

The city exit roared past as she pushed the car at full throttle. She raced across the open roads, thankful they were clear. Even if they weren’t, she wouldn’t have slowed.
He wouldn’t, she thought. No, he couldn’t.
She’d only thrown on a summer dress she wasn’t sure was even clean. No makeup, not even shoes. She wasn’t even halfway presentable, but she didn’t care. She had to get to him, no matter the cost.
The car bounced over the curb and onto the grass, still gunning the engine. The car’s suspension groaned as it drove over the small hills in the park. She’d probably destroy the car driving this way, but it didn’t matter. Soon, the craft was in view. She slammed on the brakes, and the car skidded to a stop in the slick grass, sending the car careening sideways. She threw the door open and ran for Jester’s ship.
But it was too late.
The underside glowed so brightly she almost couldn’t look at it. It made no sound as it lifted off the ground. A vibration spread through ground and her, the same vibration that happened when the ship first arrived. The vibration dissipated as the vessel rose into the sky. In moments, it was gone.
Sasha stood, watching the sky where Jester’s ship disappeared. He wouldn’t leave, he just wouldn’t. Not after everything they’d been through, not after the bliss and the joining.
But the vessel didn’t return. It was gone, and she was alone again.
The pain came all of a sudden. It was a pain she had lived with since Andrew died. She tried to cry out, but her throat was too dry. She dropped to her knees, and then fell over, clutching her chest. She took deep breaths, trying to keep the pain at bay. If she had her pills, they might’ve helped, but they were at home.
But even if she had them, she wouldn’t have taken them. Death was preferable to being alone. She closed her eyes and waited.
“Sasha?”
The pain wrenched her again. Was this what it was like to die? You hear the voices of those you loved? And why was it his and not Andrew’s?
“Sasha!”
She felt a hand on her shoulder.
“Sasha, please say something.”
She opened her eyes. He hovered over her, still wearing the suit he’d worn the day before, along with the shirt and its torn buttons.
“Jester?”
“Yes. Oh God, where are your pills?”
She tried to sit up, but she felt something jab in her chest. “They’re at home.”
“Why’d you leave them?” He put his arm around her. “I have to get you to a hospital.”
The attack settled down. Her heartbeat slowed down. “I thought you were leaving me.”
“What gave you that idea? I wasn’t leaving you. I had to send my ship back so my people would know what happened to me.”
“You sent it off? Without you?”
“It’s fully automated, remember? Didn’t you get my note?”
She shook her head.
“I left it on the refrigerator. I told you…” He froze. “I didn’t save it, did I?”
“No.” She would have laughed if she weren’t so weak. “No, you didn’t.”
He ran his hand over his mouth. “Oh God, what have I done?”
“I’ll be okay.”
“I should’ve known. Look what I did to you.”
Over Jester’s shoulder, she saw a crowd gather. Soldiers approached them, their weapons in hand. From between them appeared Colonel Lambear. He said something she couldn’t quite hear, and they lowered their weapons. As he approached, he spoke into the radio unit attached to his wrist. “We need immediate medevac, these coordinates.” The radio squawked something in reply, but he ignored it.
“Ms. Merigole,” the colonel said, “I’ve sent for a medevac. They’ll be here shortly. Are you all right?”
She nodded. “I will be.”
“Tell them to hurry,” Jester said. He looked up at the colonel. “Now, Colonel. Tell them to hurry.”
If Jester’s tone bothered the colonel, he didn’t register it. In fact, he seemed to understand. “They’re on their way, Mr. Gold. She’s going to be fine.”
She ran her hand under his chin and he turned back to her.
“I thought you were leaving.”
“Never.” He grasped her hand in his. “I don’t know what’s happened to me. I want to stay here with you and make this place my home, with you. I don’t know why, but that’s what I want.”
“I know why,” she said.
The medevac appeared over the horizon, soaring through the air so fast Sasha thought it would overshoot them. It came to a stop almost directly overhead and then lowered itself some thirty meters away. Jester covered her as the wash from the main engine sent grass and debris everywhere. No sooner than it hit the ground, a group of men jumped out carrying a stretcher.
“Oh, I don’t need this.” She started to stand, but Jester stopped her. “No, I’m better now.”
“Just go with them,” Jester said. “Just to be sure. I need you to be okay.”
“I am okay. You’re here with me.”
The medics surrounded them. One tried to pull Jester away but he wouldn’t leave. “It’s okay,” she said. He then backed away, letting the medics take care of her. He hovered over them, fearful. She smiled at him. Everything really would be all right now.
“I was kind of hoping to look inside.” The colonel stood next to Jester. He nodded at Sasha. Even he looked concerned.
“I had obligations, Colonel,” Jester said. “I had to tell my people what I found, and about Earth.”
“I understand, Mr. Gold. It’s just that we could’ve learned so much from it.”
Carefully, they lifted her and placed her on the stretcher. Jester didn’t take his eyes off her. “If it’s any consolation, Colonel, I did retrieve some information your people might find interesting.”
The colonel faced Jester. “What sort of information?”
“Medical information, mostly. Some technical information as well, including the specifications of the faster-than-light engine. It’s a tremendous feat of engineering. It might take a while for you to figure it out.”
“We’ll figure it out in time.” He smiled. “Have faith.”
“I do.”
They lifted Sasha in the air. She let out a moan. The pain was definitely subsiding, but Jester was probably right. She should have the hospital examine her, but she wasn’t about to admit it to him.
“Go to her,” she heard the colonel say. Jester did so without even a good-bye. Two of the medics moved aside to give him room to walk beside her. He grasped her hand as they carried her. He wouldn’t let go of her, even when they loaded the stretcher into the back of the medical transport.
“I would’ve gone with you if you asked,” she said.
He shook his head. “The ship only carries one, remember?”
“But now you don’t have a ride home.”.
“This is home. If you’ll have me.”
She smiled. “Always.”
She started to sit up, but he held her down. “Wait until we get to the hospital. For me?”
She sighed and nodded. The door closed, and she felt the medical transport lift off the ground.
“They’re probably wondering how you got past all their security,” she said. “Think they’re mad?”
“That doesn’t matter right now.” He laughed and shook his head. “I was wondering about all of this, what came over me since I’ve been here. I thought it was pheromones or something similar. So I did a complete medical scan while I was inside my ship.”
“And?”
“Nothing. No foreign compounds. No biological infestations. The med unit in my body recorded no unusual physical changes during my stay, other than occasional hypertension. At least that’s what it called it. It couldn’t determine a cause, so it assumed I was experiencing stress. It suggested I take a vacation.”
“That’s a good idea,” she said. “We should do that.”
He kissed her forehead. “We’ll always be together, right?”
“Of course.”
“And… children?” he asked. “We’ll have children? In, what, nine months?”
“Perhaps. If not this bliss, then maybe the next.”
“And they’ll live with us? I mean, they’ll go to school, but then they come home to us?”
She couldn’t stop herself from laughing. “It’s called a family. Remember?”
“Family.” He seemed to enjoy saying it. “And we’ll always… feel this way? It doesn’t go away?”
The pain was gone, both inside and out. Everything felt fine. “Yes. I’ll always love you.”
“Love.” He rolled the word around. “I… I still don’t understand.”
She reached for him, the IV still attached. She ran her hand down his cheek, and he closed his eyes. “Yes, you do.”







I have loved to the point of madness;
That which is called madness,
That which to me,
Is the only sensible way to love.

—Françoise Sagan

Craig Allen was born in Houston, Texas but has lived most of his life in Denver, Colorado. After graduating college, he spent six years working in news radio before getting into the software development industry. He has always been an avid reader.

Follow the author on Facebook and Twitter.

Also by Craig Allen:

Kali’s Children
Beyond the Sky
Goodbye Sunshine
Without You

