Betrayed

An Angels of Affection Novel
Book 1
By Carly Fall
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © 2014
By
Westward Publishing
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition

Cover Design: IDrewDesign
Edited by: Allison Itterly
Dedication

This book is dedicated to my son, Riddick, my own living and breathing angel.

I love more than you will ever understand. Thank you for being your super-wonderful self and blessing each of my days with your presence, your smile and your humor.
Chapter 1 - Five Years Ago
Liam jumped onto the back of the red pickup truck and knocked on the window. He took off his breathing mask and yelled, “Move, John!” to the driver, as he watched the flames approach.
The truck lurched forward, and Liam wiped the sweat from his eyes. He was hot, tired, cranky, and angry as hell at this brushfire he and his fellow firefighters had been battling for three days. If they didn’t get it under control, it seemed like the whole continent of Australia would go up in flames.
“We’re going to get the upper-hand on this bastard, Liam,” Pete, his friend and captain, said. “It’s just a matter of time.”
Liam nodded, although he wasn’t feeling too confident. The fire had already destroyed twenty houses and killed six people who had tried to fend off the flames themselves instead of evacuating. “This thing is a fucker,” he said.
“You got that right.”
They sped down the dirt road to the south of fire, hoping to get a containment line dug in there. The wind shifted every few minutes, making it difficult and dangerous.
 They rode in silence as Liam surveyed the landscape. Charred tree trunks looked like sawed-off fingers as they protruded from the ground. The once-lush forest now looked like the gateway to Hell. Smoke blocked the sun, giving the sky an eerie brownish-orange color. Liam’s eyes watered.
They bounced away from the flames on the rough terrain.
“When we’re done, I’m going to get absolutely pissed,” Pete said.
“I’m with you,” Liam agreed, his mouth watering just thinking about sucking down a beer. “And I’m going to get laid.”
Peter threw his head back and laughed. “Of course you are, Liam. If you weren’t on the prowl, we’d all wonder what the hell is wrong with you.”
Liam smiled. Yeah, when he was off duty, he loved to party it up. Nothing made him happier than slamming down some beers and finding a pretty lady to rub up against.
He ran his hand through his dark hair damp with sweat. He turned to the front to see how things looked ahead of them and caught his reflection in the rearview mirror. Black streaks of ash covered his face, his green eyes were hidden with sunglasses. At twenty-seven years of age and standing six foot one, he never had any trouble attracting the ladies.
The truck stopped, and Liam hopped off the back. He looked up at the wall of flames moving to the north where they had just come from. It looked as though they would be able to dig the containment line and maybe even get a little back burning done on some of the undergrowth, the main fuel for the flames. If the bastard didn’t have any gas, it eventually had to give out.
He pulled out the shovel and listened to Pete outline where the containment line was to be dug. A chopper flew overhead with a long cord and a large bucket attached to it. Liam did a mental calculation and realized it had just come from a lake a few miles away to fill up the bucket. As it headed toward the flames, Liam hoped the water bomb it was going to drop hit the target dead-on.
“All right, let’s get to it, boys,” Pete yelled.
Liam walked over to the area Pete had pointed to and pushed the shovel into the ground. His body screamed in protest, every muscle exhausted from the physical exertion of digging, lifting, and scrambling up and down hillsides for the past eleven hours. The air was thick with smoke, and the heat from the fire and the sun bore down on them. What Liam really wanted was a shower, a bed, and some food.
After a few minutes, he looked over his shoulder and saw Pete holding the radio up to his ear, as if he were having trouble hearing it. John continued to dig, and Tom, the other member of their four-man team, was starting on the back burning.
“What’s going on, Pete?” Liam called. A sudden gust of wind blew in from the north, and he turned toward the flames. Which way were they going to dance? 
Pete shook his radio and swore, then yelled into the mouthpiece, “I didn’t copy that! You’re breaking up!”
Liam knew that Pete was trying to get in touch with the spotter, the guy who kept an eye on all the crews to let them know if the fire was shifting in their direction. They had abandoned the line to the north and traveled down to the south of the flames thanks to the spotter’s warnings.
Liam turned and started digging again. “We can do some back burning over here, John!” he called. John gave him a thumbs-up.
A moment later, Pete screamed, “Get out! We need to get out! Now!”
Liam turned and ran for the truck, threw the shovel in, and hopped on the tailgate. When everyone was in, the truck took off. Liam held on to the side as it bounced and slammed around, and then the truck came to an abrupt halt. Wrenching his neck around, he found what was the cause of the stop: another wall of flames.
“Head west!” Pete yelled as he shook his radio and held it up to his ear.
The truck lurched to the right, and John gunned it. Liam held on to the side for dear life, thinking that John was about to push the gas pedal through the floor. Suddenly, the truck stopped again, forcing Liam to lurch forward. When he turned around, a massive wall of flames raged toward them.
He glanced over at Pete, who stared at the wall of orange and red. Liam quickly came to the conclusion that they were very, very fucked. They were surrounded. There simply wasn’t another way out. The fire crept closer on all sides, and for the second time in his life, Liam was scared.
“Fire shelters!” Pete screamed, and all four men immediately pulled the foil packets out of their packs.
“Away from the truck!” Pete yelled, pointing to a spot about two hundred yards away. “Heads in the center, boys, just like we’ve practiced!”
Liam fell to the ground and pulled the fire shelter around him, feeling like a baked potato wrapped in tin foil. Time slowed as he awaited his fate. Either the shelter would work or it wouldn’t. He heard the sound of the wind, then the crackle of the fire as it approached. Smoke drifted up his nose, and he coughed, cursing himself for taking off his breathing mask. His lungs felt like lead, and the temperature within the shelter began to rise.
As the heat became almost unbearable, anger swirled through him. He’d only lived twenty-seven years, damn it, and he had so much more living to do. He always imagined he’d leave this world skydiving, riding his motorcycle, or his heart would give out while he was screwing a beautiful woman.
But no, he was going to die in a fire.
John screamed, and Liam smelled the scent of burning flesh, which gave him the dry heaves. The heavy smoke made it impossible for him to open his eyes, and his breathing came in short spurts.
The heat was insufferable, and Liam’s screams intermingled with John’s. His skin felt as though it was melting off his bones, blistering and boiling. He thought of the worst burn he had ever had—one from the barbie when he was grilling garlic bread. He’d had a few too many and reached into the hot grill while trying to talk to someone. The top of his hand had connected with the upper plate and seemed to stick there. Even though it happened two years ago, he still had scars that looked like three small railways running over the top of his hand.
If he survived this, his body would have many more scars than that simple burn. He screamed again, the pain creeping up his legs beyond anything he could have imagined. He took one last ragged breath as tears of agony rolled down his face.
There was nothing else.
Chapter 2
Liam awoke and rolled over, afraid to look around. Would he be engulfed in flames? Had he somehow survived the firestorm and the pain from the burns hadn’t kicked in yet? What about his crew? Would he see the charred bodies of his friends?
When he finally opened his eyes, he saw a teenager standing above him. The kid had brown hair, brown eyes, and was rail thin, but he had the brightest, friendliest smile Liam had ever seen. He wore black leather pants and vest, and black combat boots. Black wings flapped slowly at his back. The smoke was thick and flames licked at the kid, but he didn’t flinch. 
Liam gazed around at the charred grass and the inferno dancing and whipping around them. He stared at the four lumps on the ground, including his own body, and wondered if any of the others had made it.
“Hello!” the kid said. 
Liam looked him over again. This was no kid. He thought of all the things that had wings. Birds. Bats. Planes. And . . . angels?
Liam got to his feet, confused, and studied the kid from head to toe. He had never been much of a believer in the afterlife, figuring once a person died, it was the end of things—maybe just a fade to black. Now, this kid . . . or angel . . . stood in front of him among the flames, smiling as if he had won the lottery.
The kid waved his hand and a blinding white light appeared. After Liam’s eyes adjusted, he realized that it was some type of portal, standing about eight feet wide and eight feet across. The light emanating from inside was glaring, even beyond the red-and-orange glow of the fire. The kid motioned for him to step inside.
“What are you?” Liam asked.
“I’m an Angel of Death, Liam. I’m here to deliver you to your final destination.”
The black-feathered wings encrusted with thousands of small crystals spanned about six feet across and flapped lazily in the flames. Not that Liam had given a lot of thought to what angels looked like, but this definitely wasn’t what he had imagined.
“I thought angels wore long, white robes and looked saintly,” Liam said.
The angel shrugged. “Some do. Just not my tier of angel.”
Tiers of angels? 
“You need to go now,” the angel urged, motioning for Liam to step into the portal again.
“Where’s that thing going to take me, mate?” Liam asked.
“You’re going to Heaven,” the angel said. “Unless you prefer the alternative, which is pretty close to what we’re standing in now.”
Liam glanced around, stunned he couldn’t feel the heat from the fire as it burned around him. He truly must be dead, or he’d be choking on smoke and writhing in pain.
“I’m really dead, right?” he asked, needing the clarification although he knew the answer.
“Yes, you are. Now please, let’s go, Liam,” the angel said, motioning toward the portal again.
Liam sighed. He wasn’t ready to die quite yet. He wasn’t leaving anything behind but a string of women who wanted more than he could give them, and a mum and father who would miss him terribly. Well, he felt pretty bad about his mum and father, but hoped that his older sister, Lisa, would help them mend from the loss. As for the women, he had remained emotionally detached from all of them after losing Annie, his one true love, and it was his fault she died. He’d been driving too fast, swerved, lost control of the car, and slammed into a guardrail. He’d walked away from the mangled hunk of metal, but Annie had died on impact.
After Annie’s death two years ago, he promised himself that he would never fall in love again to avoid the heartache, and he’d done a damn fine job living up to that promise. 
He sighed, accepted his fate—whatever it would be—and stepped into the portal. The floor went out from under him, and he twisted and spiraled in a tornado-like tunnel of white light, being tossed around as if he were a Ping-Pong ball instead of a two-hundred-pound man. Closing his eyes, he wondered if dead people could throw up.
As suddenly as it had started, the motion stopped, and he opened his eyes. A man wearing a long white robe stood over him. He had long gray hair, and his gray beard almost reached his knees. His blue eyes twinkled. He offered Liam a bony hand, and Liam took it, surprised by the man’s strength as he helped Liam to his feet.
“Hello, Liam,” he said, his voice a deep rumble. “Welcome to Heaven.”
Liam stood there, his eyes wide in awe. White gates extended upward into clouds farther than he could see. Beyond them, a pathway that looked as though it were made of clouds lead to tall, white buildings shimmering in the sunlight. Liam shook his head, wondering if he were dreaming.
“No, you aren’t dreaming, Liam,” the old man said, placing his hand on Liam’s shoulder. “You’re dead. I know it can be quite jarring, but it’s the truth. I’m Saint Peter, by the way.”
Liam stared at the gates. This place was beautiful. Damn, he was really in Heaven.
“Evangeline will escort you in,” Saint Peter said.
Liam turned, and there stood his version of what an angel should look like. Evangeline was a in her mid-twenties, and her white silk robe was interwoven with crystals that sparkled a rainbow of colors. Smiling, she tossed her waist-length blonde hair over her shoulder. He studied her heart-shaped face, kind blue eyes and rosy cheeks, and decided she was very pretty.
“Come, Liam,” Evangeline beckoned as she turned and walked away from the gates.
“But I thought I was supposed to go to Heaven,” Liam said.
“Oh, you are, but you belong in a different part of Heaven,” Saint Peter said.
“I don’t get it,” Liam said. “I didn’t know there was more than one Heaven.”
Evangeline nodded. “Come, and I’ll explain everything. You’ll be going to the Fringe.”
Chapter 3
As Liam followed Evangeline down a long, windy path, he couldn’t believe his eyes. Beautiful, lush lawns gave way to acres of flowers of every color of the rainbow. A light breeze caressed his skin, while the ambient temperature never seemed to fluctuate, remaining somewhere in the seventies.
As they walked, Evangeline explained the different “levels” of Heaven. The prime real estate, called the Inner Circle, was reserved for those holier-than-thou folks who had done a whole lot of praying during their lives and lived by the Book, as well as the Innocents, such as children. That was the area Liam had seen beyond the gates when he first arrived.
The Fringe, also a part of Heaven, was for those who were on the brink of going to Hell but weren’t quite bad enough to get there.
“Why am I going to the Fringe?” Liam asked.
Evangeline rolled her eyes. “Liam, do you really need to ask? The life you led as a womanizing, beer-guzzling partier wasn’t very holy. However, you do have your good points as well, such as your willingness to help others in need, and how kind you were to your parents. You are also honest, except when it came to your relationships with women. These traits have given you entrance into the Fringe.”
They walked on a path made of clouds and ended up at a set of smaller iron gates standing fifteen feet tall. Through the gates, Liam could see the innards of the Fringe looked like a western town, with wooden buildings lining green, grassy streets. Evangeline waved her hand and the gates opened. They walked up a grassy knoll and into the town. Men and women lounged around wearing regular street clothes, some sipping a beer, others just talking with each other. The vibe of the place seemed very laid back, and who would have thought they had beer in Heaven? He heard a motorcycle in the distance and shook his head, smiling. Yeah, he definitely belonged in the Fringe.
Evangeline waved at a couple of people, then led him to a small out-of-the-way building. The stairs creaked under his weight, and the door groaned when Evangeline pushed it open.
“Hello, Adela,” she said.
Liam took in the woman in front of him. She stood almost as tall as him, which was right around six feet, and was dressed in black leather pants, vest, and boots, just as the angel who had come to him in the fire. Long blonde hair fell to her waist and large brown eyes stared at him. She didn’t smile.
“Hello, Evangeline,” she said.
“Adela, I’d like you to meet Liam,” Evangeline said. “He’ll be joining you in your work.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Adela grumbled. She didn’t crack a friendly grin, she didn’t hold out her hand, and she didn’t act like there was anything nice about meeting him. “I was just leaving.”
With that, she turned and walked out the door. Liam watched her go. Large black wings unfurled, displaying millions of shiny crystals gleaming in the sunlight.
“She’s not exactly the friendly type,” Liam commented.
“Yes. Well, we must get you ready for your first night of work.”
Liam turned to Evangeline. “What work?”
“Your work as an Angel of Death, Liam.”
Confusion tore through him. He thought he would be kicking back, drinking beer, and enjoying the Fringe, not working. An Angel of Death? He didn’t know anything about that.
“Being an Angel of Death is the way for you to atone for your sins on Earth, Liam. Think of it as the way for you to earn your place in Heaven, here in the Fringe. Once you are done with your atonement, you will spend the rest of eternity here in the Fringe, enjoying the other people and all it has to offer.”
“Oh, come on. I wasn’t that bad. Do I really need to be punished?”
Evangeline shook her head, looking exasperated. “Do you know how many women you left heartbroken? Do you know your lack of commitment, your bed hopping and half-truths, left many women feeling used? Your actions, and sometimes lack of actions, led to women feeling terrible about themselves? That you helped to ruin many women’s self-esteem?”
Liam sat down on an old wooden bench. Frankly, he’d never even considered it. He’d been too busy looking out for number one—himself. 
After losing Annie, he’d promised himself he would never fall in love again. He’d kept that promise and never stopped long enough to allow women to get to know him, nor did he have any interest in learning about them. He kept moving, and he’d been with numerous women. He didn’t notch his bedpost to tally them up, but it had been a lot.
He and Annie had been together three years, and when she died, it was as if the floor in his house had somehow disappeared—his stability was gone. With his free fall came the uncanny need to run away from himself. He requested longer shifts at work and volunteered for the most dangerous fires. On his off time, he could be found in a bar, or in a woman’s bed. As long as he didn’t have to spend too much time with his thoughts, his guilt and his wretched sadness, he was good to go.
He didn’t regret his actions, because it was all about guarding his own heart. After Annie’s death, it was all about self-preservation and not letting anyone get close. However, he did feel bad people had suffered because of him.
“And then let’s not forget Annie,” Evangeline said. “Your idiocy was responsible for her death. You need to atone for that.”
Liam nodded. He understood. He’d never been able to forgive himself for her death, and apparently those in charge of Heaven hadn’t either. When he thought of Annie, the pain in his chest was as raw as it had been that horrible day two years ago.
“Is she here?” he asked. Maybe he could see her and beg for forgiveness. Maybe they could continue their relationship here in Heaven.
“Yes. She resides in the Inner Circle. You’ll never see her, Liam, even if you are ever invited in there.”
“Why is that?”
Evangeline shrugged. “You can never be together, so the Creator has made it so you won’t be able to see her, and she will never see you. Your paths won’t cross because the Creator has unique plans for each of you.”
Liam looked down at the floor and nodded, his hopes crushed. When he did consider the idea of Heaven, he imagined the people he loved being there to greet him, but apparently that wasn’t the case. “So, what do I do? What’s my unique plan?” he asked.
Evangeline smiled and waved her hand. Liam looked down. He was now wearing black leather pants, a vest, and boots, the exact outfit that Adela had worn.
“As for your unique plan, only the Creator knows. Turn around, Liam,” she ordered. He did as he was told, and she placed a hand on his back.
Liam wondered what the plan would be. Weren’t humans given the gift of free will? If so, shouldn’t he be able to make his own decisions? Or maybe the decisions were already preordained, and that was the Creator’s plan? Trying to think it through was like watching a dog chase its tail or having a discussion on whether the chicken or the egg came first.
The area Evangeline touched—right between his shoulder blades—warmed. It was as if something was moving beneath his skin and it made him uneasy. Frankly, it also grossed him out a bit.
A moment later, she removed her hand.
“Think about moving your wings,” she said. “They’re now a part of you. Soon you will be able to use them just as you do your legs and arms. You won’t even have to think about it.”
Liam did as he was told and felt a breeze in the room as he concentrated on moving his new appendages. A low ache formed in-between his shoulder blades, and he felt a little more wind from his right side than he did from his left, but maybe this whole Angel-of-Death thing wasn’t going to be too bad—if he could get his wings moving in time, that is.
“Now, let’s quickly go over the hierarchy.”
Liam listened as Evangeline explained the three tiers of Angels of Death.
“First, there are the Angels of Innocence,” she said. The Angels of Innocence delivered people who had led exemplary lives, as well as children, to the Inner Circle.
“The second tier is where you’ll be working. We refer to them as the Angels of Tolerance. You will be delivering people to the Fringe. These are people like yourself who don’t quite qualify for Hell, and therefore, they don’t qualify to live in the Inner Circle. The Creator is tolerant of their past mistakes and wants them in Heaven, just not in the Inner Circle. Therefore, they go to the Fringe.”
Liam nodded, thinking the Fringe was going to become overpopulated very soon.
“The third tier is the Angels of Sin, who deliver souls to Hell.”
“That one is kind of obvious,” Liam said.
Evangeline nodded.
“I bet that job sucks,” Liam noted.
“That’s what I’ve heard, but the Angels of Sin aren’t very talkative,” Evangeline said, waving her hand in front of her face as if she could remove his words from the room. “Let’s move on to the rules.”
Liam’s heart sank as Evangeline listed off the rules. No beer. No cavorting with women. A professional working environment was crucial for angels to be effective in their jobs. In fact, his existence would consist of nothing but delivering souls to the Fringe. There would be very little downtime, if any at all.
“So, I never get any time off?” he asked, thinking that the angels needed to unionize.
“No, Liam. It’s a possibility if the death rate on Earth slows down, but I haven’t seen that happen.”
“What about sleep?” he asked.
“You’re dead, Liam. You don’t need to sleep.”
“Food?”
Evangeline shook her head. “No, Liam. All human bodily functions cease to exist. Your heart no longer beats, and you no longer need to breathe.”
Liam brought his hand up to his chest and concentrated. She was right—there wasn’t a heartbeat. He drew a long breath into his lungs and held it for a moment. He didn’t feel the need for another one.
“Do you understand?” Evangeline asked.
Liam exhaled and nodded. “So I just fly around and deliver souls to Heaven. To the Fringe.”
“Yes. You will soar at night.”
“And what if I fail? What if I’m terrible at this?”
“Then you will be sent to Hell,” she explained. “You must atone for your behavior on Earth.”
“How long will I be an Angel of Death? Will I ever be able to kick back and enjoy the Fringe like the people we saw coming in here?”
Evangeline nodded. “Yes, but how long you will be an Angel of Death is up to the Creator, not me. Only He can decide, and only He knows.  Once He decides you’ve done your time, so to speak, you can take your place here in the Fringe and enjoy its offerings. “
Liam nodded, wondering if time in Heaven was the same as on Earth, and how much of that time he would spend as an angel.
“Shall we get on with your training now?” Evangeline asked as a black wristband appeared in her hand.
“Yeah,” Liam sighed, resigned to his fate.
Chapter 4 - Present Day
Roy was going to die.
Liam leaned against the wall, taking in the scene in front of him. Roy Masterson lay on the bed dying from cancer. His wife, two daughters, and hospice members surrounded his bedside, and his time on Earth was soon coming to an end. 
Liam had arrived a little early in Flint, Michigan, to do his job of escorting Roy’s soul to the Fringe, and he was becoming impatient, which he knew he shouldn’t be. He checked the device at his wrist, a black onyx square about four inches long and three inches wide. With a tap, its black face turned white, and he went over his schedule for the night.
As an Angel of Tolerance, he was in for another busy evening.
Roy was number one on his list. Why Liam had shown up prematurely, he didn’t know. There wasn’t a chance of the guy passing away early. Everyone’s life had a basic plan that twisted and turned in destiny depending on decisions made. Death never happened early.
Liam studied the room where Roy would die. The white walls were covered with pictures of family. There was a plush, dark-blue rug under his feet, and a dark-blue comforter with pink-and-white flowers on Roy’s bed. 
As he entered the bathroom area, he gazed in the mirror but saw nothing. The reflection should have been of a twenty-seven-year-old man with brown wavy hair falling to his collar and light green eyes the color of grass. He stood at six foot two, and his thick body was clad in black leather: pants, vest, and boots, which was standard wear for his tier of Angels of Death.
He ran his hand through his hair and turned around to explore the closet.
As he whistled softly, his fingers traced over the fabrics of Roy’s shirts. Shoes, Christmas wrapping paper, and odds and ends covered the shelves. On the last shelf, he found a small wooden box that looked interesting. With a flick of his finger it opened, and he smiled at its contents.
“Sweet,” he said, not concerned about anyone hearing him. Even after five years as an Angel of Tolerance, it still bothered him that he didn’t exist to everyone on Earth. They couldn’t see him, touch him, or hear him. He was an invisible entity unless they were dead.
The box contained Cuban cigars, and his mouth salivated at the thought of puffing on one. One thing that really sucked about being an Angel of Death was that he couldn’t enjoy the things of the living. Humans, of course, didn’t fully appreciate the offerings they had, such as the taste of a really good steak, a bottle of old scotch, or the scent and taste of a Cuban cigar. Sighing as he took one out of the box, and stood there knowing he had been guilty of underappreciating all that life had to offer when he was breathing, when his heart was beating, and it irritated him to no end that he didn’t live larger and stronger. He’d done a pretty good job of living fast and hard, but he always thought there would be a tomorrow to do the things he wanted to do, and he hated that his tomorrow had been taken from him by a goddamned fire. 
Liam tapped the device at his wrist and the white screen glowed, revealing that it would soon be time for him to take Roy. He had lost track of time with his snooping.
Walking back to the bedroom, he took his place against the wall across from Roy’s bed. He held the cigar up to his nose and inhaled deeply, wishing he could smell it.
At ten seconds, Roy’s milky blue eyes opened and his gaze landed on Liam. Liam stepped away from the wall and unfurled his wings. Roy’s eyes widened, and he whispered, “Are you an angel?”
Liam gave him a small smile and nodded.
“Do you see him, Martha? My God, angels do exist.”
Three . . . two . . . and one.
Roy shut his eyes, took one last ragged breath, then his spirit floated from his body and over to Liam. Before Liam stood a transparent ghost of a good-looking young man with a square jaw and twinkling eyes, which was such a contradiction to the cancer-riddled, wrinkled body lying on the bed. When a person died, they were always taken to Heaven or Hell in their favorite period of life. Looked like Roy liked his mid-twenties the best.
Roy and Liam watched as the hospice worker called his death, and Martha and their two daughters cried harder.
“You ready, mate?” Liam asked, checking his device again as he walked toward the wall while calculating flight time to his next death. He had never been late for an assignment, and he didn’t plan on starting now. They needed to move  along.
Roy nodded, but hesitated before following him. “I hate that they’re so upset at my death. I suffered with that cancer for a long time. I would hope they’d be happy I’m free of it now.”
Liam nodded and strode over to the bedside table. He picked up a watch and said, “Martha gave you this, right?”
Roy nodded, his sad gaze not leaving the scene in front of him. Liam glanced over at Martha, who was holding Roy’s hand and sobbing, her daughters standing on each side with their hands on her shoulders.
Liam walked back over to Roy, handed him the watch, and held up the cigar. “You still like these?”
Roy nodded and smiled. “Love them. Martha hated them and would only let me smoke them outside.”
“Well, you’re in luck,” Liam said. “Put that in your mouth and I’ll fire it up.”
Roy did as he was told, and Liam waved his hand in front of the cigar, the tip turning a fiery red. “I have to say I’m a little jealous, Roy.”
“You can’t smoke?”
“Nope. Can’t do much as an Angel of Death except deliver dead people to their final resting place.”
“Where am I going?” Roy asked, as Liam turned.
“You’re heading upstairs.”
He didn’t know anything about Roy’s life or how he had lived it. He just knew that he needed to get Roy’s soul to the Fringe at the allotted time so he wasn’t late for his next appointment.
Liam didn’t bother with doors. He led Roy toward the wall that would put them on the front lawn.
Just as they were going through the wall, he heard, “Mom, do you smell that?”
“Yes. Yes, I do! Your father must have taken a cigar with him to Heaven!”
“Mom! His watch . . . it was here just a second ago . . .”
It was twenty-seven degrees out, but neither Liam nor Roy could feel it. 
“Nice touch on the cigar,” Roy commented. “And the watch.”
Liam nodded. Another Angel of Death he’d met at the Fringe told him that little tricks like that helped those left behind cope with a loved one’s death and reaffirmed their belief in the afterlife. It also seemed to move the soul along a little faster when those he or she was leaving were comforted.
He checked the device at his wrist again; he was due in Chicago in a few minutes and hoped it wasn’t going to be another gang fight. He’d had just about enough of those little peckers.
Waving his hand, the portal appeared, revealing an almost-blinding white light. “Good news, Roy, you’ve been a good boy and you’re on your way to Heaven. Step inside, and maybe I’ll see you around up there.”
Thankfully, Roy did as he was told, and Liam gave him a quick wave as the portal spun shut.
Once again alone, he sighed and checked his watch for the exact coordinates of his next soul. 
Liam closed his eyes and allowed his wings and the wind to lift him upward into the night air. Roy seemed like a nice guy, and he hoped the rest of his charges this evening were as easy as Roy had been. There were always those few who fought Liam to get back into their bodies, like they could foil the Creator’s plans. When you were dead, you were dead, and there wasn’t any changing that. As long as an Angel of Death was there, you were either going to Heaven or Hell.
Liam was happy he didn’t have to deliver people to Hell. Those people were usually rude, ignorant, vile pieces of trash, just as they had been in life. If they didn’t fall into that category, they were crybabies, asking for sympathy for the horrible lives they had lived and the terrible things they had done. It took a special kind of angel—a really hardened angel—to deal with the Hell deliveries. To be any tier of an Angel of Death, you needed a thick skin, but to make deliveries to Hell, you had to check your soul at the door.
Moments later, Liam landed in the exact coordinates of his next death and sighed heavily. He stood in the middle of the street in a neighborhood he had been in before, one that was notorious for gang activity.
The small houses were bunched together along the tree-lined street, each the exact replica of the one before, just a different color. Most of them had small yards, some overgrown with weeds, while others had little rugs of grass littered with bikes and toys. Some of the streetlights above weren’t in working order, and the moon hid behind the trees in the park, casting faint shadows along the quiet street.
One by one, more Angels of Death appeared. An Angel of Innocence dressed in a pink robe materialized in front of a white house with green trim that sat across from the park. Liam noted the discarded pink bike in the overgrown front yard and hoped that if the little girl was being taken to Heaven, her death would be instant and free of suffering.
It had once bothered him to see an angel ready to take an innocent, especially the death of children, but now he felt very little. He had become calloused in his job as an Angel of Death. Death was just something that happened every day, something he had witnessed thousands upon thousands of times.
Another angel, an Angel of Sin, appeared across the street and stood next to a tree. The angel was dressed in a black-hooded robe, his face invisible. He was waiting to take his death to Hell. Liam gave him a wave, and the angel nodded. Another Angel of Sin appeared about ten yards away. Those guys weren’t exactly friendly or the life of the party, but what Angel of Death was?
Two more Angels of Tolerance, angels from his tier, materialized ten feet in front of Liam. One of the angels headed to the left, his wings folding onto his back. The other angel folded her black wings as well, the crystals glinting under the streetlight. Liam couldn’t help but admire her physique. He might be dead, but he was still a man.
Long blonde hair fell in waves to the middle of her small waist, and her legs were long and strong. He knew that when she turned around, deep brown eyes would greet him, and if he was lucky, he might get a smile.
“We have to stop meeting like this or people are going to start to gossip,” he said, and she turned and glared at him.
“I doubt that,” she scoffed and turned away.
It was Adela, the first Angel of Death he had met when he’d landed in the Fringe, and she was the prettiest thing he had ever laid eyes on. It pissed him off that there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it either. The rules were pretty strict on angel interaction: it had to be all business. Plus, even if he decided to break the rule, which he would happily do if there was a good-enough payout for it, he couldn’t enjoy the pleasures of the flesh anyway.
Rumor had it that she been hung in 1692 accused of witchcraft in Salem, Massachusetts. She had been an Angel of Death for over three hundred years and had a bit of a chip on her shoulder, not to mention an attitude worse than his. But that didn’t stop him from messing with her.
 “How many souls are on your list tonight?” he asked. She wasn’t the chatty type, and he knew it irritated her when he spoke to her. He had seen her interact with other Angels of Death just fine, but something about him really got under her skin.
“Too many.”
“Me too.”
Liam sighed and looked around. It definitely looked like this was going to be a gang fight with an innocent being taken in the melee, and he wondered what the idiots would be fighting over this time.
He checked the device at his wrist—about a minute before it all went down. His death was named Jermaine Knox.
A car slowly swung around the corner and headed their way, and he heard voices from the park, but he couldn’t see anyone yet. Counting the other angels and himself, there would be seven deaths tonight.
Liam focused on the car, then turned to the park. “Looks like another gang fight.” 
Adela nodded.
“I’m so sick of this shit,” Liam said. “It’s all so senseless. I wonder what they’re fighting over this time.”
Adela shrugged and turned to him. 
“Another innocent is going to go as well,” he said, hitching his thumb over his shoulder to the white house with the green trim. “An Angel of Innocence just went in.”
Adela said nothing as she turned toward the car that was almost upon them. 
“Well, here we go. Let the carnage begin,” Liam muttered.
The car came to a stop and turned off its lights. The voices from the park were clearer now, but Liam still wasn’t able to make out what they were saying. However, he was able to see some human forms in the moonlight.
Five men slid out of the car and fanned out over the neighborhood, hiding behind trees and other vehicles.
“A bloody ambush,” Liam said.
He counted six men coming out of the park. Just as one passed the Angel of Death in a black-hooded robe, a shot rang out and the man went down. Yelling and screams erupted from the men in the park and the shootout began.
Liam remembered his first gunfight—it had scared the shit out of him. It had been a party gone bad in East L.A. He didn’t know all the particulars, but there was a lot of screaming and yelling when a man knocked on the front door and began firing when the occupants of the house opened it. Liam’s death had been the guy who’d opened the door. Liam had stepped backward when the gun was raised, and his instinct told him to run. The blast of the gun had been louder than the rap music playing in the house. 
Now the sound of gunfire didn’t faze him, and he watched the drama unfold before him with detachment, as if he were watching a horror movie he had seen a few times and nothing on the screen surprised him.
As round after round of bullets flew through the air, he didn’t move. Lights in the houses came on, and he could hear the screams of fear from inside. One man stepped out from behind a car and took aim at the men near the park. His body flew backward as a bullet pierced his chest. Out of the corner of his eye, Liam saw the Angel of Innocence emerge from the white house with the soul of a little girl no more than four or five years old wrapped protectively in her arms. The angel spread her wings and disappeared into the night sky.
At the feet of the black-hooded Angel of Sin, a spirit of a boy in his early teens rose. The angel waved his hand and the portal appeared. The glow from inside was not the white that Liam was accustomed to seeing, but a fiery red. The angel motioned for the soul to enter, but the soul wasn’t going to go willingly. From the folds of the robe, a long bony finger hooked under the chin of the teen’s soul, then lifted the soul and set him inside the portal. It swirled shut, and the Angel of Sin disappeared.
The gunfight raged on, and Liam heard sirens in the distance. He hoped that this would all come to an end before the police arrived and one of them ended up dying.
Five of the seven souls to die had been claimed and the angels had left. A young black man in his early twenties, dressed in baggy jeans, an oversized white T-shirt, and a Coach jacket came running toward Liam and Adela, fright clearly written on his face. His eyes bulged when a bullet hit him in the back and came out the front of his chest. He staggered a few steps, then fell at Adela’s feet, his face thudding on the asphalt.
He took his last breath and his soul rose.
“Hello, Tyrone,” Adela said. Liam noted that she didn’t sound happy about meeting Tyrone. Instead, her voice was laced with irritation and a whole lot of “let’s-get-this-shit-over-with-quickly.”
Tyrone stood up and looked at his chest, almost as if he was expecting to see a bloody bullet wound, but there was nothing as people didn’t get sent to Heaven with holes in their chests. Tyrone’s black hair was cut short, and he stared at her. “Who are you?” he asked, his dark eyes wide.
“I’m the Angel of Death who is going to deliver you to your final resting place,” she said, waving her hand. The portal appeared.
 “I’m not getting in there.” Tyrone shook his head and took a step back.
“You don’t have a choice,” she snapped.
“Fuck yes, I do. I can run.”
“No, you can’t, you stupid shit,” Liam growled, stepping up behind Adela. “You’re dead. Only one place to go, and that’s toward the light.”
“I ain’t getting in there.”
“Get. In. The. Portal,” Liam demanded.
The kid looked around again, as if he were going to run.
“There’s nowhere to run, Tyrone,” Adela said, crossing her arms over her chest. “No one can see you. You would be stuck here for the rest of your days, completely alone. No one to talk to, nothing to do. Remember those movies of ghosts walking the Earth alone, trying to get someone to see them, to pay attention to them? That’s going to be you. However, if you follow my directions and step into the portal, you will go to Heaven. Trust me: it’s a nice place.”
Liam could tell the kid was weighing her words.
“You can have an eternity of nothing here or an eternity of Heaven. Your choice,” Adela said.
Liam snickered at her ultimatum. There weren’t many who refused to get into the portal. The fact of the matter was that Tyrone didn’t have a choice. He had to go where he was supposed to go, and that was the end of the final chapter that made up his life. 
Adela was feeding him a long line of B.S., making it seem like getting into the portal was as tempting as chocolate ice cream with sprinkles and whipped cream. Really, who could resist?
“I’m seriously going to Heaven?”
“Surprisingly, yes,” Adela said with a sigh. Liam wondered if she was about to lose it and give Tyrone a tongue-lashing he wouldn’t forget.
“I can’t believe it.”
“Believe it. And get in. I’ve got places to go, and I will leave your dead ass here to walk among the living alone for eternity. I’ve done it before.”
“Jesus, you stupid punk,” Liam yelled. “Just get in the fucking portal already!”
Tyrone reluctantly stepped into the portal, and Adela waved her hand, shutting the gateway that would send the kid to his eternity.
Adela turned and gave Liam a glare that elevated the saying, “if looks could kill” to a whole new level. “I can take care of my own deaths,” she growled.
Liam walked back to his original coordinates, a chill running down his spine. Man, that woman could hang icicles in Hell.
“Looks like mine’s last,” he said, ignoring her scowl. He watched the cop car pull around the corner. “I love that threat, by the way—rotting alone on Earth for all eternity.”
“It’s very effective.”
He would remember to use that with his most difficult deliveries in the future.
Focusing back to the bloodbath at hand, all who could run were long gone, and those who were dead had been taken. There was one body about fifteen feet in front of him. As if the guy knew he was being watched, he lifted his head in Liam’s direction and squinted. Liam checked his device and saw that the guy had twenty seconds until death.
The guy, probably in his late teens or early twenties, stood up and tried to run while holding his stomach, but he fell at Liam’s feet.
The soul rose, and a pre-teen boy stared up at Liam. “G’day,” Liam said. “Here’s where you get off this ride called Life.” He waved his hand, revealing the portal. The kid looked at it hesitantly.
“Go on now. Get in.”
“I wish I never joined a gang,” the kid mumbled.
Liam shrugged. “Well, that’s the thing about life, mate. You have choices to make. You make the wrong ones and you end up dead in the middle of the street over some stupid turf war, or whatever you guys were fighting about.”
The kid nodded.
“Hurry up and get in there. I haven’t got all night.”
The boy did as he was told. Liam waved his hand and the portal closed. “I get irritated at the chatty ones,” Liam said. “So, Adela, did you hang around because you think you can learn something from me? Or perhaps you were thinking of seducing me?”
Adela shook her head and rolled her eyes. “Considering I’ve been doing this over three hundred years, I don’t think you can teach me a damn thing. And as for the seduction, even if it could happen, it wouldn’t.”
Liam laughed. “Ah, but I can be very persuasive, love.”
“Don’t call me ‘love.’”
“Okay, honey.”
Liam watched with a twinge of satisfaction as anger crossed her face. Why he liked to get this angel riled up, he didn’t know. Maybe it was because she looked so damn hot when she was mad.
“Piss off,” she sneered.
“Oh, come on now, Adela. Such awful language from such a pretty mouth! You know that’s a total turn-on for me, right?”
She glared at him, then looked at the black device on her wrist.
Liam’s device beeped. “There’s my next one. I’ve got to run, love.”
“As do I,” Adela said.
“Would you care to travel together for a bit?”
Adela shrugged. “Not really.”
“Ah, come on, woman. Even an old, cold witch like you can’t resist my charming ways.”
Adela gave him a small smile. Not the one he was looking for, but he’d take it.
“Actually, if you call that charm, you have a lot to learn. And you’re extremely easy to resist, Liam.”
Liam threw his head back and laughed. It was the first time she had ever used his name. “I can tell I’m breaking you down, Adela,” he said, unfurling his wings as she did the same.
Liam had taken to flying like he had been doing it his whole life. When he had first trained with Evangeline, she had been surprised by how well he adjusted to his wings. As far as he was concerned, flying was the best part of his job as an Angel of Death. He loved traveling through the stars, the winds of time and space blowing against his face.
As they lifted up in the air and went their separate ways, Liam smiled, hoping he would see Adela again soon.
Chapter 5
Adela walked through the Denver-area hospital hallway toward the ICU. She had three minutes until her charge’s soul was ready to travel to the Fringe.
She waved at another Angel of Death, but kept moving. The device at her wrist said her soul, Karen Bingham, age thirty-two, was located in Room 4. When Adela approached, she walked through the door and then through the curtain.
A man in his mid-thirties sat beside the bed holding Karen’s hand. Her face was swollen and bruised, and a white bandage was wrapped around her head. 
Adela studied the man. He ran his hand through his dark hair making it stand on end. His eyes were red and rimmed with dark circles, probably from lack of sleep, tears, or a combination of both. His white button-down shirt and his tan slacks were wrinkled, as if he had been sitting in the chair for a long time. Bright fluorescent lights emphasized the grooves and ridges on his face, making him look older than he was. 
“Please wake up,” he pleaded.
As Adela stared at him, she could almost feel the pain radiating off the man. She also could sense the love he had for Karen, and Adela wondered what events had transpired that brought her to the brink of death. Karen had a breathing tube, IV, and a few other machines Adela didn’t know the names of, but sensors were attached to her chest.
A blonde-haired, heavyset nurse stepped in and gave the man a sad smile. “How is she?”
The man shrugged. “I keep talking to her, but there’s no change.”
The nurse nodded as she checked all the machines and made notes in her chart. “Sometimes it helps if you bring up happy memories.”
“Really?”
“Yes,” said the nurse. “I’ve seen miracles in cases like this. Keep talking to her.”
There would be no miracles here. 
Not today, anyway.
The machines beeped and moaned, Karen’s chest rose and fell, but not on her own accord. The machines were doing the breathing for her.
Adela wondered if Karen could hear the man and what she felt. Did she feel pain? Did she want to let go? Was her body too badly damaged? Was she aware of what was coming? As someone who had died a long time ago, Adela recalled she felt none of those things, just fear and a raging anger for what was to come.
A moment later, the nurse left, and Adela listened as the man talked to Karen.
“Remember when we went on that biking trip in Vermont?” he whispered. “We had so much fun. Remember that cute little inn we stayed at? And the owner? Remember how nice he was and the breakfast he cooked for us on our last day there? I still remember you flying down those biking trails. It was like you had wings.”
He closed his eyes and Adela watched the tears flow down his cheeks.
“I wish you had wings when you were biking yesterday,” he whispered. “Please don’t leave me, Karen. Please. We still have to have kids. We have to take that trip to Germany.”
Adela took a step forward. Based on what the man said as well as the condition of Karen’s face and head, she assumed the woman had an accident on a biking trail. It was also clear that this man loved Karen with intensity.
Lately, Adela had been thinking a lot about love. Why, she didn’t know. It just seemed to occupy her thoughts quite a bit. Maybe it was because she just didn’t fully understand all the facets of what the word encompassed.
She knew there were different kinds of love. The love between a parent and a child was a ferocious, beautiful thing. She also understood the love between true friends that sometimes equaled or surpassed sibling love. Sibling love was interesting, because although two people came from the same womb, it didn’t necessarily mean that they loved each other. Some simply tolerated each other because that is what family is supposed to do.
What she didn’t fully understand was the love between a couple.
As a Puritan in the late 1600s, Adela had been married at the age of fourteen to a farmer five years her senior named Edward Bonner. There was no love in their relationship; marriage was simply something that was expected of her and she complied. After five years of marriage and two miscarriages, she watched as Edward died from an illness that affected his breathing. Adela believed in today’s world it would have been considered the flu. After he died at age twenty-four, she stayed in their home. A year later she was put to death. No, she’d never experienced love. Perhaps she would have if she had been given the opportunity to marry again, but her life had been taken from her at too young an age.
Adela wished she had found love in her life. Edward had been nice, and there was a distant companionship. They got along well enough—he tended the farm, while Adela milked the cows and spun the wool, but she never loved him. Perhaps that was the reason she suffered two miscarriages during their marriage—the Creator didn’t want a child to be in a loveless home. Her heart still hurt from the loss of her babies. When alive, she had wanted to be a mother—to feel the little bundle in her arms, to bring the child to her breast to feed, to love the little being unconditionally—but it was never meant to be.
She had seen enough death to recognize when a person was loved. She’d witnessed the tears and anguish that death could bring to the survivors. When her husband had died, she’d been ashamed because she couldn’t cry. She certainly wasn’t happy Edward had passed on, but she didn’t feel any real sadness at him being gone. 
She almost felt sorry for the man holding Karen’s hand, but not quite. She’d become hardened and gave very little consideration anymore to the survivors of the souls she delivered.
 Adela looked at her device. Thirty seconds.
Alarms on the machines blared, and nurses and doctors rushed in. The man stood up and stepped back, panic in his eyes. As the medical professionals worked, Adela watched the man. More tears came, and he crossed his arms over his stomach as if he were going to be sick. His body began to shake and Adela wondered if he was going to pass out. It was as if he were shattering apart right before her eyes. She tried to feel some emotion for the man, but there wasn’t any. Her time as an Angel of Death had hardened her. Death was never pleasant, and she’d been dealing with it for centuries.
Karen’s soul rose from her body. Before Adela stood the woman in the bed, except her body wasn’t broken and battered. Karen turned and looked at the controlled chaos. “Oh, no,” she whispered, glancing at Adela. “Am I dead?”
Adela nodded and waved her hand to open the portal. The bright light filled the room.
“I don’t want to go yet,” Karen said, looking at the man. “I can’t leave Jim.”
Adela glanced over at Jim, who was now completely unglued. He dropped to his knees, sobbing. “Sorry, Karen. You’re going to have to,” Adela aid
Karen took one more glance at the room. “Am I going to Heaven?” Adela nodded. “I love you, Jim,” Karen whispered, and then she stepped into the portal.
Adela shut the portal and looked around the room once more. The doctors were working to revive Karen. Jim remained on his knees.
The device on her wrist went off and Adela sighed. A wave of shock went through her as she saw she was being called back to Heaven, and she wondered what was going on. Something was not right, as she had never been called back to Heaven while working. She walked out of the ICU room and down the hall. She didn’t see any other Angels of Death, which was odd for a hospital. Unfurling her wings, she ghosted through the brick wall and took flight.
Chapter 6
One thing Adela had learned in her three-hundred-plus years as an Angel of Death was that there wasn’t any shortage of people dying. Between murders, natural deaths, wars, illness, gang fights—don’t even get her started on those—she’d never had a “slow day.” If anything, it seemed as though things were picking up even more. So why was she being called back? It wasn’t as if she’d broken any rules; she had gotten the souls to where they were supposed to be. She’d find out soon enough what her transgressions were.
The one thing she liked about being an Angel of Death was that she always worked at night. There wasn’t a reason for it—that was just her assignment. She traveled through space beyond the stars and wondered if people below knew that “shooting stars” were actually Angels of Death racing around trying to get souls to where they needed to be. 
In the late 1600s, the ways of the world were primitive at best. She had heard that shooting stars were visitors from another universe or God trying to make humans suffer for their indiscretions. Some had even referred to the lights across the night sky as witches on their way to do their evil. Being dead for three hundred years, and seeing everything that had transpired in that time, was quite the education.
The Angels of Death who worked at night were actually chased by the sun, while those who worked during the day followed it. There was no downtime, no time for fun and games. All she did was deliver soul after soul to the Fringe, going back and forth between the eastern and western hemispheres of the globe. It had been over three hundred years since she’d seen the sun’s rays on Earth.
She’d been to every corner of the earth. She’d seen war, famine, and murder. She’d witnessed car accidents, plane crashes, and drug overdoses. People had died in front of her from heart attacks and cancer. She believed that she had seen every way a person could die, and nothing about death could surprise or faze her any longer.
As she floated on the air in blessed silence, her thoughts took her back to her own death and the events that led up to it.
Life had been difficult growing up in Salem, Massachusetts, in the 1670s compared to the way things were today. No electricity, running water, cars . . . but she had been happy. Her younger brother, William, had died from illness at age three when she was six. It had been devastating for the family, but together through their love and prayer, they were able to come to terms with it.
When William died, Adela had felt helpless about not being able to do anything for him, and she also felt powerless when her husband, Edward, had died. She had nursed both of them until they took their last breath, and they had both passed on while she held their hand. It was shortly after Edward’s death that she had heard of the Native Americans, the Naumkeag people, who used herbs to cure their illnesses, and she became very excited by the thought. What if she could study the herbs and find ways to prevent the deaths of children, like her brother? Or even her unborn babies? What if she could help women keep their babies in their wombs? Or help people with profound coughs, such as Edward? She found an older woman named Rose in the next village who was familiar with their teachings. Adela secretly met with Rose for a year and learned about all the maladies Rose was able to cure. A young boy’s cough was alleviated by drinking some of Rose’s herbal tea. Another woman’s rash was cleared from a paste Rose had made.
Adela took some of the herbs back to Salem and began experimenting with them. Word quickly spread of her work, and she was successful in curing some ailments. She worried what the church elders would think of her work with the herbs as it wasn’t sanctioned by the church, but for a few months, nothing was said.
Then in the spring of 1692, Adela worked at her small kitchen table, the candles casting shadows around the room as she ground chamomile with two stones in preparation for a woman who was suffering a horrible skin condition and would be visiting Adela in the morning. Her mother and father had come to share dinner with her, and they talked about the church service they had attended together that morning.
To her shock, the front door had flown open, and Adela stood from the table with such force, the stones and leaves were tossed to the ground. A church elder and three of his followers stepped over the threshold with torches. Adela backed into the corner of the small kitchen as her father came into the room.
“What is this about?” her father had demanded. 
One of the men stepped up to her father, the light of his torch exposing the anger and fear on her father’s face.
“Your daughter has been deemed a daughter of Satan . . . a witch,” said the church elder.
“Ridiculous! Based on what grounds?” her father had demanded.
“Based on her work with herbs. Yesterday, she treated a woman who suffered from a stomach ailment, and the woman has passed on. Your daughter is responsible for the woman’s death. This is the work of Satan!”
“It is not!” Adela yelled. She had given the woman herbs that should have cured her ailment, not sent her to her death. 
“Silence, witch!” the church elder yelled. “You practice witchcraft, and you shall be tried for your treachery.”
Adela had fought the men when they grabbed her, her father watching helplessly as they took her away. The church elder threatened to kill him and her mother if they tried to stop them.
A week later there was a trial, and at age twenty, Adela was found guilty of witchcraft. She could still hear the creak of the wooden stairs as she stepped up to her death at Gallows Hill and the rough rope of the noose curling around her neck. Before they pulled the hood over her head, she’d scanned the crowd, glad that she didn’t see her parents, and silently damning all to Hell who stood there watching her. She wasn’t a witch—just a woman who was trying to help others. In her last moments, she’d wished she had witchcraft flowing through her veins, because she wanted to strike everyone blind who stood there staring at her, taunting her, waiting for her death.  She heard the two other women’s necks snap, and then she was pushed, her feet dangling in the air, the noose tightening around her neck.
Her death had been agonizing as she gasped for breath, desperate to fill her lungs with air, but none came. Lights flashed before her eyes, and just when it felt as if her lungs would explode, her soul was lifted from her body. She met an angel, who motioned her to step into a bright light. She did as she was told, and she spun uncontrollably, as if she were in a cyclone. Upon her arrival in Heaven, she met with the Archangel, Michael. He recognized her fiery spirit and her toughness. Michael reminded her of her last thought before her mortal life ended. Damning others and wishing for satanic influences were definite sins and ones that she would have to atone for. Therefore, she would work under Michael as one of his Angels of Death.
She still felt a deep-seated anger at the fact that she had been killed for a crime she didn’t commit. After all these years, she still couldn’t let it go and accept things as they were. However, she was aware that the anger that simmered within her made her the angel she was today. She had very little patience, and with each day that passed, she tolerated less and less from those souls she was supposed to deliver to Heaven. To be an Angel of Death of her ranking required a thick skin, but also a touch of empathy. She sorely lacked in the empathy department. In fact, especially in cases like the recent gang fight, where an early death was a result of one’s life choices, she felt nothing but outright disdain for those souls.
How much longer would she need to atone for her sins as a human? Honestly, she felt that three hundred years was about two hundred years too many, and that was also a source of her anger. When was this damn job going to end?
“Hello, love.” Startled, she looked to her right. Liam flew next to her, his dark hair mussed in the wind. He closed his eyes and smiled, as though he was enjoying the trip through the air. She remembered a time when she adored it as well, but that had been a couple of centuries ago. Now, she could think of very little that brought her joy.
As she looked at him, she realized he truly was a beautiful angel.
“Are you admiring my dashing good looks?” he asked, his eyes still closed, but a small smile played on his full lips.
She sighed and set her gaze forward, not bothering to answer. Yes, he might be nice to look at, but his obnoxiousness was too much to handle. Over the course of the past three years, she had run into him more than she cared to. At first she’d been taken aback by his forwardness, but then she realized he had the audacity to flirt with her. She had yet to get used to his sometimes-crude words and innuendos; however, she couldn’t deny within the deep recesses of her soul that she secretly enjoyed it. Their verbal sparring brought a small spark of satisfaction in her otherwise boring existence.
“Don’t get your hopes up, Liam,” she said.
“I don’t have to hope for much, love,” he replied. “I can tell that you are completely smitten with me.”
“In your wildest dreams,” Adela said as they landed on the grassy knolls outside the Fringe.
“Oh, Adela, trust me. You really don’t want to go there.”
Chapter 7
As Adela and Liam flew through time and space, Jeff Waters sat in the psychiatrist’s office on Earth. He had just completed his shift and was now fulfilling his mandatory counseling. Jeff’s wife, Sara, had left him four months ago for another man, and he was having issues. Actually, he was depressed as hell, and those “issues” and anger consumed him. His shift in behavior had caught the eye of his superiors. It was one thing to be angry; it was another to be an angry police officer. 
One of the people he ticketed the other day called in not to complain about the ticket, but about Jeff’s rude demeanor. His captain had summoned him into the office to discuss it, as well as talk about how bad Jeff looked and ask if he was sleeping. He had demanded that Jeff started seeing the department psychiatrist to help get a handle on the issues.
Or issue. The only issue was his wife running off on him. God, he wanted to hate her, but he couldn’t. Despite what she had done, he still loved her. The pain lancing through him overshadowed any hate he could muster up.
As he sat in the psychiatrist’s waiting room, he thought about his recent shift and was happy it had been steady and nothing too dangerous: a couple of accidents, a stolen car, and a drunk and disorderly who became very cooperative once Jeff rolled up on the scene.
“Come in, Jeff,” the shrink said. The guy was such a stereotype, with his glasses, salt-and-pepper hair, and mustache. “I’m Dr. Fitzgerald.”
Jeff shook his hand and moved past him into the office. It was small, maybe about fifteen feet by fifteen feet. The walls were painted a creamy white, and two dark green La-Z-Boy chairs sat in the middle of the room. Jeff’s shoes clacked on the hardwood floor, and he noted the wall of diplomas the good doctor had earned.
Jeff stood in the middle of the room. “Which chair do you want me in?” he asked.
“Which chair would you like?”
Jeff felt the anger within him come to a slow boil. Not only did the guy look the part of psychiatrist, but he acted it by answering a question with a question.
“Just tell me where to sit, okay?” Jeff said.
“You can take the one on the left.”
Jeff sat down and leaned his head back against the soft leather, closing his eyes. He was tired.
“So, your captain said that you’re having some trouble, Jeff. Tell me about it.”
Jeff opened his eyes and shrugged. “Not much to tell. My wife left me for another guy. I’m depressed and pissed off. That about sums it up.”
“How did you meet her?”
Jeff sighed.
Jeff had met Sara when he stopped at a downtown diner for a quick bite to eat during his shift. He usually worked the east side of Phoenix, Arizona, but that day he had been assigned to the west.
The day had been hot, and he had an urge for a good, old-fashioned chocolate milkshake. He had spotted the small diner nestled into a row of shops and immediately pulled over. The outside of the building looked as if it hadn’t been updated since the 60s or 70s, and he hoped the inside was the same.
As he walked into the small building, he let his eyes adjust from the sunlight. There were a handful of people in the diner, but no one paid him any attention. He slid into a stool at the counter, the blue vinyl creaking under his weight. He was pleased to see that the interior looked like something out of a classical magazine. Black-and-white pictures of the icons of the fifties—Marilyn Monroe, James Dean, Elvis, and a few faces he couldn’t quite place—decorated the walls. There was a black-and-white tiled floor, and the booths and chairs were a light sky-blue vinyl. Buddy Holly’s “Peggy Sue” floated from the silver jukebox in the corner. 
Sara came out of the back carrying a piece of pie and a cup of coffee for another patron.
“I’ll be with you in a minute,” she had said to him with a smile. He noted her blue fifties-style uniform hugging her slight curves, and although she wasn’t the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, there was something about her that he was immediately attracted to.
And she made a mean chocolate milkshake.
As they chitchatted, Jeff was already making plans to come back again the next day.
And he had.
“In fact,” Jeff said, “I gained five pounds before I got up the nerve to ask her out.”
Dr. Fitzgerald smiled. “Go on.”
They dated six months, and at age twenty-eight, he knew he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. 
They went through the same trials and tribulations all newlyweds went through, and the first year was hard. It took a lot of getting used to living with one another, and she yelled at him about whiskers left in the sink after shaving, and he got irritated with her nit-picking about putting his dirty clothes in the laundry basket. After the first year, they seemed to settle into a groove and the bickering stopped. They were a good pair and lived another year in relative happiness.
“So what happened, Jeff?”
“Things changed.”
He noticed a slight shift in Sara after she’d decided to go back to school. They had discussed it at great length, and at thirty years old, Sara was ready to go back to college and find out what she wanted to do with her life. She’d attended a community college in her early twenties but never received a degree.
“She was tired of waitressing and felt like her life was slipping away,” Jeff mumbled.
“And how did you feel about that?”
“I supported it. I always knew I wanted to be a cop—there was nothing else. Some people take time to find out what they want to be when they grow up.”
“Very true,” Dr. Fitzgerald said. “Did she keep her job?”
Jeff nodded. “I told her she didn’t need to. Things would be tight, but we could make it.”
“Please continue.”
Six months after Sara started school, she began to stay late to study. Jeff noticed she seemed to take a little longer to get ready in the morning and wore a little more makeup than she usually did to work.
“She’d start work at six at the diner, head to school for her three o’clock class, and then sometimes I wouldn’t see her until midnight.”
“Long days.”
“Yeah, except she wasn’t studying English or accounting like she said she was.”
“Oh?”
“No. She was studying human sexuality with some douchebag named Phillip.”
“I see. And how did you find that out, Jeff?”
Jeff rubbed his forehead feeling a headache coming on.
“Jeff?”
The visions exploded behind his eyes, and he tried to push them away. He didn’t want to talk about it, didn’t want to think about it.
“Jeff, would you like to continue next time?”
Exhaustion overtook him, and he nodded. “Yeah. I’ll tell you the rest next time.”

Chapter 8
Jeff walked down the hall past the empty apartment to his own and wondered when he would be getting new neighbors. The apartment had been vacant for about a month now, and usually they were rented pretty quickly because of the location.
Living in the heart of Litchfield Park, Arizona, was highly sought-after real estate. The streets were lined with palm trees and orange trees, and there were really good restaurants, as well as the four-star resort, The Wigwam. It also provided easy access to the freeway leading into Phoenix, as well as the surrounding cities. It was out of the way and quiet, yet in the center of everything. An empty apartment in this complex for more than a couple of weeks was an oddity.
He pulled his keys from his pocket and unlocked the door.
“Hi, Jeff!” his neighbor from across the hall said. “How was work?”
Jeff smiled. Like him, Missy was thirty years old, her curvy figure stood at about five foot two, her happy face framed with blonde curls. Her blue eyes glittered as if she was about to laugh, and her smile was the brightest and friendliest he had ever seen. She always seemed like life had just handed her a glass of champagne and a bowl of caviar.
“It was steady, but good. It’s always good when no one gets shot at.”
Missy threw her head back and laughed. “Well, I’m glad you came home without any holes in you. I’m off to a late dinner with a girlfriend, so I’ll see you later!”
He watched her walk down the hall. They had been neighbors for the past two years, and his wife, Sara, had once been good friends with Missy.
 With a sigh, he pushed open the door and felt the same loneliness that greeted him every day.
He missed his wife.
The living room was tidy, with its dark blue sofa and loveseat, the flat-screen TV perched up on the wall, and two stacks of magazines piled on the coffee table. He immediately went to his bedroom and unbuckled his belt, removing the gun. Going to the closet, he bent down and put in the combination to the gun safe, then carefully laid his gun inside. Why he bothered, he didn’t know. He lived alone.
He took off his uniform and caught his reflection in the mirror. His hair was worn in a military buzz-cut; his tattooed arms and chest were thick with muscle. The bags under his eyes made him look older than his thirty years.
Sighing, he slipped on some sweats and a T-shirt. He looked at the queen-size bed that hadn’t been slept in since Sara left four months ago. He had tried to sleep in the bed, but it had been an exercise in futility. The sheets smelled like his wife, and he would torture himself with visions of them making love. He couldn’t bring himself to change the sheets or get rid of the bed.
No, he was better off on the couch, even if he now had to see a chiropractor twice a week.
He walked out to the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the fridge. Popping the top, he went back into the living room, sat down on the couch, and turned on the stereo. Elvis crooned, “I’m So Lonesome I Could Cry.”
How fitting.
With his love of diners, Elvis, leather biker jackets, and just about anything having to do with the fifties and sixties, Jeff wondered if he had been born in the wrong era. He sometimes felt he belonged in a time where life just seemed simpler.
He had grown up in an upper-middle-class traditional home. His father had been a lawyer, his mother a homemaker. As an only child, Jeff never wanted for anything, whether it was food, shelter, or attention from his parents. He rarely had the normal fights most kids had with their parents while growing up, and they always stood by his desire to become a police officer. Now they were retired and spent a lot of time traveling and sending him postcards. They had been devastated when Sara left, as they loved her like one of their own.
Jeff picked up a picture from the side table. Even though he had seen the image thousands of times, he still grinned when he looked at it. He and Sara were at the Arizona State Fair on that beautiful fall day. The heat of summer had finally vacated the valley and the temperatures hung in the mid-eighties. They were strapped into a rollercoaster, waiting for takeoff. Sara’s brown hair hung to her chin, her straight white teeth gleaming in the sunlight. Jeff had pulled her close and snapped the picture with his phone. He wished they had taken off their sunglasses so he could see her pretty sky-blue eyes.
Scrubbing his face, he stood from the couch and got a glass of water from the kitchen. His life had been empty and incomplete since Sara left four months ago, and he hadn’t had the energy to try to move on. The ache in his chest was something he was almost used to, but the memories of Sara didn’t seem to want to fade.
But lately there was more to the ache. It was as if darkness was invading his soul. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but it felt like a black cloud was following him around, sucking the very life out of him, an entity all into itself.
He sighed and stretched out on the couch, ready for another night of sleeplessness.

Chapter 9
Adela and Liam landed at the grassy entrance to the Fringe, the fifteen-foot wrought-iron gates looming before them. Evangeline was there to greet them. Liam wondered, and not for the first time, if she was really one angel, or perhaps there were multiples of her running around because she seemed to be everywhere.
“You’re wanted in the Inner Circle. Mother Nature’s building,” Evangeline said, waving at them nervously and motioning them to follow.
“What’s this about?” Adela asked.
Evangeline shrugged. “It is not my place to tell you such things, Adela. You know that. I was merely sent to fetch you.”
“Have you ever been in the Inner Circle?” Liam asked Adela as they followed Evangeline.
“Of course.”
Damn. He’d never been invited, and he wondered what that said about his place in Heaven, but he reminded himself that he’d only been around five years, while the pretty witch next to him had over three hundred years under her belt.
As they walked to the area where the Fringe met the Inner Circle, he could see the line of demarcation, so to speak. Green grass led up to a pathway of clouds, and the wrought-iron gate separated the two.
“I’m not supposed to do this, but we’re in a hurry,” Evangeline explained as they approached the gates. With a wave of her hand, the gates disappeared. She motioned them through the open space, her gaze flitting about as if she were afraid she’d be caught. Then she flicked her hand and the gates magically reappeared.
She hurried quickly, and Liam and Adela struggled to keep up. Liam took in his surroundings and thought, Now this is Heaven.
For as far as he could see, there were high buildings made of crystal, and their cloud pathway was sandwiched between roses of red, yellow, and pink. The temperature was not too hot, nor too cold. The sky was colored purples and pinks, as if they were in the twilight hours of a day.
People of all ages walked around smiling and laughing, all wearing white robes interwoven with shiny crystals, as if they didn’t have a care in the world. And why should they? They were in the Inner Circle. If Liam were that type of guy, he probably would have felt out of place in his black leather. However, he wasn’t the type of guy who cared what anyone thought of him.
He noticed a lot of second and sideways glances coming in their direction, but he knew he hadn’t been responsible for sending any of them up here. These were the people in the Inner Circle, the holiest of the holy. His deliveries were housed in the Fringe.
And, honestly, he wouldn’t know any of them if they came up and punched him in the face. He didn’t even remember what his last two deaths looked like from this evening, and he sometimes wondered if that was a good thing or a bad thing, and if, perhaps, he was more than a little jaded in his work. In his opinion, jaded, hard, and flippant were good things if you were an Angel of Death.
Although Evangeline said he would never lay eyes on Annie again, he carefully looked at every face he passed, a little kernel of hope in his chest.
Liam glanced over at Adela. Their little interaction told him that she was pretty cynical and tough herself, and she had been delivering people to the Fringe for over three hundred years. Liam definitely gave her a run for her money in the obnoxious department, and he imagined that he would probably be completely unbearable after three hundred years. Dealing with death did that to an angel. Was there a retirement community where sarcastic, jaded, intolerable Angels of Death went?
Evangeline led them down a path to a large building towering at least four hundred feet. The glass door with embedded gold stones stood at least thirty feet tall. They followed her through the great entryway, their footsteps silent on the clouds beneath their feet. Liam let out a low whistle as he took in the glass walls with what looked like rubies and emeralds fixed within them.
“We must hurry. Almost everyone else is gathered. You two are running late,” Evangeline said, picking up the pace.
“I came as soon as I received notification,” Adela said.
“I did too,” Liam chimed in. He didn’t want anyone to think he’d been slacking.
The path of clouds started to incline, then reversed direction. It zigged and zagged upward through the middle of the large building. They passed another large glass door that had stones of green, brown, blue, and gold embedded within it. Adela turned to him, hooking her thumb in the direction of the door. “That’s where Mother Nature resides,” she whispered.
They continued walking until they came upon another door. This one was black onyx and stood a good twenty feet in the air.
“What’s this place?” Liam asked.
“This is where Michael, the archangel, resides,” Adela answered.
Whoa, they were also meeting with the top guy—the dude in charge of all the angels? Maybe Liam could find out when his stint as an Angel of Death would come to an end.
“Why is he in Mother Nature’s building?” Liam asked.
“All Angels are part of life, part of Mother Nature,” Evangeline replied. “Birth, love, death . . . it’s all part of the circle of nature.”
Of course. A complete “duh” moment if there ever was one.
They pushed opened the black door and walked in. The black onyx floor met the black onyx walls, and in front of the room was a large black onyx stage with white curtains pulled to the sides. Adela and Liam were quickly swallowed up in a crowd of thousands of Angels of Tolerance in black leather.
As Liam looked around, he wondered who in the hell was taking care of all the people dying, and the room was abuzz with that very question. On any given day, there would be approximately two hundred thousand people dying on Earth—give or take a few—and it looked as though all the Angels of Death were accounted for and present. Not that he knew all of them—not even close. However, he’d never seen so much black leather in one place, and that included the biker bars he liked to frequent when he was alive.
 The Angels of Innocence, who took care of the kids and the softer souls of Earth, gathered in the far right corner of the room looking like a pile of Easter eggs. The women wore pink robes and the men wore blue.
In the opposite corner were the Angels of Sin who sent people to Hell, their faces invisible under black-hooded cloaks. They weren’t too chatty; they simply stood there waiting for the meeting to begin.
After a few moments, the Archangel Michael stepped onto the large stage in the front of the room and everyone got quiet. He towered over seven feet, holding a golden scepter the same color as his chin-length hair. His golden robe graced the top of the matching sandals on his feet. His eyes were also a golden color, his skin a porcelain white. Everyone immediately quieted down and bowed their heads. Liam followed suit. When in Rome, and all that.
Liam could feel the power in the room emanating from Michael as if it were a wind or a force all its own, and he felt humbled and awed to be in the archangel’s presence.
“My angels,” Michael said, his voice deep, yet musical. “I have stopped time on Earth for this meeting, so we must finish quickly.”
Stopped time on Earth? Whoa, mate. Liam decided he’d like to see that, maybe walk around and cause a little trouble for those stuck in time. Pick a pocket or two, remove a shoe, change the channel on the TV. Nothing serious, just some messing around he would get a laugh out of doing.
“Will the children on Earth know this has happened?” one of the pink-robed Angels of Innocence asked.
Michael shook his head. “No, but the energy required to pull such a feat is immense, and all of you must be back in your places very soon.”
The pink-robed angel bowed her head, and Michael began.
“There is more death than ever on the precious planet. The humans are divided on everything: race, politics, religion. Not that they shouldn’t exercise their ability to choose their own paths—that is why the Creator gave them free will. However, thing are tumultuous down there. There is more death and hate because of religion, not peace, which is what religion was created for. The negativity and animosity of the people has grown to proportions never experienced before. How it got to this point, I don’t understand, but what the Creator, Mother Nature, and I have concluded is that humans are too far gone to right it themselves. It must be done from here, from Heaven, so we are taking drastic measures, effective immediately. If we don’t, we’re afraid the humans will self-destruct, and the Creator will not let that happen without first trying to right the balance between love and hate.”
Liam nodded along with everyone else. He had definitely been busier than usual in the past weeks; his timetable was getting tighter and tighter every night. It was terrible, absolutely terrible, what those idiots down there were doing. They had no appreciation for the gift they had been given: life.
“It seems that most of the discourse can be attributed to hate. Hate is such a strong emotion, and people are able to conjure it against others far too easily. Hate is the seed that grows wars of man against man, whether it is in the actual theater of war or a territorial war on the streets of our cities. Hate is like the weed of Satan—it is evil. Once the kernel is planted and takes root, it grows quickly. And just like a weed, it flowers rapidly and spreads. We have an epidemic of sorts on Earth and it must be stopped. The Creator listens to the thoughts of those below and hears the heartbreak in those thoughts. There are many, many unhappy souls down there.”
There was silence in the room as no one dared to disagree, not that there was anything to disagree with. Liam had thought for a long time that Earth was one messed-up place. Even when he was alive he would read the news and cringe, wondering how people could do such horrible things to each other. Murder. Rape. Kidnappings. Governments turning on their own people. It seemed like it never ended. After he died and became an Angel of Death, he looked at it a whole different way. It was one thing to read about the crimes people committed against each other, but it was another to be in the thick of things, right in the melee. He had delivered souls to the Fringe from all types of death—everything from electrocution, to murder, and he even had to deliver a soul from a poor bastard in Africa who had been stomped to death by an elephant. 
Humans causing the death of another human were the ones that made him the angriest. There seemed to be a lack of decency between people; it was as if they didn’t care about their fellow man at all. So yeah, as far as Liam was concerned, Michael was the man of the hour speaking the truth.
 Michael gazed around the room looking as heavenly as anything Liam could have imagined. He wouldn’t have been surprised if Michael started glowing.
“Therefore, to combat this unhappiness, this darkness that plagues the world, to combat the hate, there is only one weapon. That weapon is love.”
The room broke out in murmurs of agreement, and Liam nodded again.
“What Earth needs is more love. More people need to love each other. Love is the only true combatant against hate, the only thing that can change the course of the human’s path to self-destruction. People are too hard on each other. Marriages break down at alarming rates. Humans aren’t giving each other a chance. Humans aren’t allowing themselves to fall in love any longer. They keep their hearts shielded.”
Liam nodded absently, ready to get back to work, not really interested in a lecture on love. Been there, done that, and even if it could happen, he’d make damn sure it never happen again.
“Therefore, we are going to have to do a little shuffling among the angels. Among all of you.”
Liam heard the words but figured this so-called “shuffling” wouldn’t affect him.
“Our Angels of Affection, those angels who help people on Earth fall in love, cannot keep up with their assignments. There is too much hate in the world, and they are working so hard to combat it. Therefore, some of you will be helping them.”
Liam had heard of the Angels of Affection but never seen one. It was his understanding that they worked in human form. Sometimes they were successful and love at first sight occurred; other times, the Angels of Affection were there to give people a little push.
There were grumbles of dissatisfaction among the Angels of Sin, those who delivered souls to Hell. Liam figured that if Michael were going to put anyone on this assignment, it would be the Angels of Innocents because at their core, they all seemed very gentle.
“We have put together a list. Please check your devices in three minutes for your new assignments, and note that these are final decisions.”
Liam nodded and looked around the room. He was dead-on, one-hundred-percent certain that he wouldn’t be chosen for this assignment. While alive, he had a reputation as a womanizer, and he agreed with that assessment. It wasn’t a secret women loved a man in uniform, and most had no trouble throwing themselves at him. He had been in love once and had no intentions of signing up for a second round.
“I’ll see you later, sweet cheeks,” he said to Adela with a wink.
She rolled her eyes. “Hopefully not.”
“That’s not very nice, even for a witch,” he said with a chuckle, and left the building.
“Hey, Liam!”
He turned to see Gunnar, another Angel of Death. “Hey, Gunnar. What’s happening, my man?” Liam asked with a smile.
Gunnar had shoulder-length blond hair, a neatly trimmed blond beard, and his ice-blue eyes were serious, yet twinkled with mischief. He had been a Viking warrior and stood just above six feet. His broad chest and thick legs were covered in the standard black leather of an Angel of Tolerance. Although Liam didn’t know much about Gunnar’s past as Gunnar rarely talked about it, Liam had guessed that whatever sins Gunnar had committed on Earth had to be pretty substantial since he had put in over seven hundred years as an Angel of Death.
Gunnar looked at the device at his wrist. “I’m nervous they’re going to pick me for this Angels of Affection B.S. I’m totally not qualified.”
“Me neither,” Liam replied as they began to walk. “But I don’t think we have much to worry about, mate. They’re going to look for people who’ve had experience, because it seems to me that things are pretty serious down there. They won’t mess around with the likes of us.”
“Yep,” agreed Gunnar. “At least, that’s what I’m hoping. It’s been seven hundred years since I was in love. I know nothing about it now.”
“Me neither.” Except that it hurts when it’s gone.
The device at Liam’s wrist vibrated. “Looks like I have my next assignment.” He held out a fist, and Gunnar gave a bump. “I’ll see you on the flipside, man.”
“Lykke til,” Gunnar called.
Liam hoped that meant something like “good luck,” or “have a nice day,” but even “fuck off” would be cool. He just hoped it didn’t mean, “You’re an Angel of Affection.”

Chapter 10
Adela walked around the room and chatted with a couple of angels while waiting for her next job. She hoped that she wouldn’t be chosen for the new assignment—to help the Angels of Affection—and she thought it was highly doubtful she would be. If the Archangel Michael, Mother Nature, and the Creator looked at her past, they would see that she had never been in love, nor had she ever had any experience even remotely close to it. 
The device at her wrist vibrated, letting her know that her new coordinates were available for viewing. She moved quickly through the crowds, wondering if the next soul she delivered to the Fringe would be male or female.
She walked down the path of clouds and out to the edge of the Fringe where she unfurled her wings and soared up to the sky. She wondered how much time was available before Michael restarted the lives of those below.
Her coordinates led her to a small apartment complex in an area called Litchfield Park located in the state of Arizona. She took in the palm-tree-lined streets and noted the orange trees, their branches hanging heavily with ripened fruit. She walked through the front door of the building, past a wall with eight mailboxes, then up the stairs. The building was two stories, and as she counted the doors, she realized that each floor had four apartments. The device on her wrist buzzed when she reached the right door. 
She walked through the wall and looked around. It was a very nice apartment, with plush cream-colored couches and hardwood floors. The walls were also painted a cream color with black-and-white pictures of different cityscapes, most of which she recognized as she had been around the world many times. There was a large one of New York and one of Seattle. The far wall had one of Tokyo, Japan.
Moving into the kitchen area, she checked her device and saw that she was a little bit early, so she peeked in the refrigerator. It was fully stocked with fruits, vegetables, and chicken breasts. There was a stack of money on the counter, which was odd, as people usually hid their money, not keep it out in open on the kitchen counter. She shut the refrigerator door and decided to see who would be going to Heaven.
Walking down the hall, she stopped at one room and peeked in. Nothing but a large bed covered in a black comforter and a dresser. More black-and-white pictures littered the walls, and it seemed that the room had not been lived in for a while. The next room was the bathroom, and the door at the far end of the hallway was open. She went into the room; it was empty as well except for the large bed with peach-colored coverings, two end tables, and a dresser. This room didn’t look lived-in either, and she checked the device at her wrist to make sure she was in the right place.
She went to the closet and opened the door where women’s clothing hung neatly. Going through the dresser drawers, she noted more clothing, and she came to the conclusion that the woman who lived here was a very neat and organized person. Everything had a place. But where was this person? Perhaps she was lying on the floor somewhere?
Adela went through the apartment once more and didn’t see anyone. Checking her device again, it only showed the countdown to the time of death, none of the regular information, such as name, age, and the sex of the individual it usually registered.
What the heck? Where was her delivery?
The countdown was in the final seconds, and she realized with shock that for the first time in three hundred years she was going to fail an assignment. What would happen to her? Certainly they wouldn’t send her to Hell because of the one failure, would they? She had no idea. She had never heard of an Angel of Tolerance failing to deliver a soul to Heaven.
Just then she heard a whistle outside the door and she spun around. Perhaps this was her soul. However, there was something off about the whole thing. It all felt wrong.
She crossed her arms over her chest and waited. The whistling stopped. She watched the doorknob, but it never moved.
Instead, Liam stepped through the door, stopping when he saw her.
“What the hell are you doing here?” he asked.
“I was wondering the same thing about you.”
“This is where I was told to go,” he said, tapping his device.
“Me too. There’s no one here.”
Liam’s eyes narrowed as he looked around the living room. “You’re certain of that?”
“Of course.”
“Then what’s this all about?”
Evangeline appeared. “Hello,” she said, her voice sounding like wind chimes. She flapped her large white wings embroidered with small crystals one last time, and then they laid flat on her back and eventually disappeared.
Adela had known the angel long enough to read her pretty face. A small crease took up residence between her eyes, and she didn’t make eye contact with either Adela or Liam. Adela’s instincts had been right when she felt that something was wrong with this scenario.
“What’s going on here, Evangeline?” Adela asked.
“Yes, do tell,” Liam said.
“You’ve both been chosen to help the Angels of Affection make this world a better place,” she said, studying the floor, her blonde waves of hair hanging down the sides of her face.
Adela groaned and pinched her nose between her eyes and felt . . . a headache. What was going on?
“I think you’ve made a big mistake here, love,” Liam advised. “I don’t know about the three-hundred-year-old witch over there, but I do know that I know nothing about love. You want me on the death patrol, believe me.”
“How dare you speak that way to her,” Adela snapped, her anger rising at Liam’s insolence, her headache forgotten. “Evangeline is an angel in the upper tiers. She should be spoken to with respect, not called names of endearment that you don’t mean.”
Liam narrowed his eyes at her. “You listen to me, love. You don’t tell me how to talk to anyone. If Evangeline has a problem with it, then she can tell me herself.”
“That’s the point, you obnoxious ass. She shouldn’t have to tell you anything. You should respect her position!”
“And you should—“
“Both of you stop it!” Evangeline yelled. She took a deep breath, met their gazes and pointed to the couch. “It has been a difficult evening for all, and there is no time for your bickering. Now sit, and let me explain.”
Adela sank into the couch, not liking where this was going one bit.

Chapter 11
“Evangeline, this has to be a mistake,” Adela appealed from her place next to Liam on the couch.
Evangeline eyed both of them, shook her head, and sighed. “I would have to agree, Adela, but it is not my place to do so. I’ve received my orders, and that is to educate you on your new assignment.”
Liam’s gut tightened as he listened Evangeline. “This world is in dire straits,” she said quietly. “Heaven is counting on you two to help people fall in love.”
“Apparently, neither of us know a damn thing about love, Evangeline, and that seems to be a big problem here,” Liam said.
Evangeline nodded. “You were once in love, Liam. I studied your lives while you were alive.”
“And look how that ended!” Liam snapped. “I’m not good at being in love, and I can sure as shit kill it!”
There was a beat of silence, and Adela gave him a questioning glance.
He didn’t bother to say anything else. This whole plan was a disaster waiting to happen.
“Because you have been put into this role,” Evangeline said, “you can understand what dire straits the human race is in. The Creator has waited too long in the hopes that the humans would right their wrongs, but they haven’t. Things are getting worse daily, and now we are simply trying to avert the crisis.”
Liam leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. He didn’t know destruction was so close. “How much time is there before the humans self-destruct and start tossing around nukes or some shit?”
Evangeline shrugged. “I am not privy to that information, but as you know, the Creator is. For Him to take steps like this, it must be close.”
Liam tilted his head and studied her pretty face. An angel, indeed. So what if the humans destroyed everything? It wouldn’t affect him—he was already dead. Right? 
“And what happens to us if the humans blow themselves up? Why should we care? We’re dead already,” Liam pointed out. 
Evangeline took a deep breath. “If we fail in this . . . if we can’t create more love than hate in this world and the humans destroy each other . . . as angels of Heaven, we will end up in Hell to burn for eternity.”
Adela gasped. Liam sat back, his death replaying in his mind like a high definition 3-D movie. The excruciating pain, the acrid smell of his flesh burning and smoke strangling him were still fresh in his mind. He had already suffered through the fires of Hell, and he wasn’t about to go back.
“But there must be others more qualified than us,” Adela implored.
“We’re using everyone we can,” Evangeline said. “But on the bright side, you will be given the easiest cases.”
“What does that mean?” Liam asked.
“It means that the couples you are assigned to are meant to be together. They may have a history together, but large misunderstandings or issues have torn them apart. It will simply be a matter of reintroducing them to each other, to make them see the error of their ways.”
There was silence in the room as Evangeline looked at both of them hopefully. Frankly, it didn’t sound too bad. If these couples were supposed to be together and just had issues they needed to work through, how hard could it be to get them back as one? All they would need to do was point out the stupidity of their ways and all would be right in their worlds again. There would be more love in the world, and Liam would remain an Angel of Tolerance, not burning for eternity in Hell.
“How are two people in love going to change a blessed thing?” Adela asked.
“The world will have two less people with poisoned souls. When people are happy, the darkness can’t worm its way into their hearts. When a person isn’t happy, it is contagious. If we have many angels acting as Angels of Affection, then there is a chance we can combat the hate.”
“It sounds like a disease,” Liam mumbled.
Evangeline shut her eyes briefly and shook her head. “I guess to a certain extent, yes. A person’s disposition is contagious. If you have one person who is miserable, that misery spreads like a weed, just as Michael said. However, the same is true for happiness. If there is happiness in a human’s heart, that can grow and infect others as well. So, if we have two more people with happiness in their souls instead of misery, that number can quickly multiply.”
Made sense. And it was kind of like a disease. Sort of.
“Is the darkness you speak of the devil?” Adela asked.
Evangeline shook her head. “No. It is one of his instruments, but no, it’s not Satan himself.”
Liam let out a sigh of relief, thankful he wasn’t going to be tangling with Satan. He didn’t have the tools for that. From what he understood, only very special angels took on that asshole.
“Okay, let’s get the first assignment,” he said, ready to get started. No better time than the present.
“There are other things that you need to be made aware of,” Evangeline explained. “First, you will live as humans. Your angel abilities will be stripped. You must use doors. You will not be able to fly. You will need to eat and sleep . . . everything that humans must do. You will be able to get physically hurt, and you will experience ailments of humans.”
“Like this pain I have in my head?” Adela questioned, rubbing her temple.
“Yes. The transformation is beginning.”
“And where do I live if I need to do all these human things?” Liam asked, his excitement growing at the thought of being human again. He wanted to do all the basic things that most humans took for granted, like eating, drinking, and sleeping. There was nothing better than an afternoon nap after a big steak lunch.
“Here, Liam. You will live here.”
“And where will the witch live?” Liam asked, winking at Adela.
“She will live here as well.”
Liam turned to Adela, her face pale and her eyes wide. He threw his head back and laughed. The assignment had definitely taken an upward swing.
“You can’t possibly expect me to live with him!” Adela screeched.
“Yes, we do. All Angels of Affection must work together in pairs.”
“We can work together, but I—“
“I know this is difficult, Adela, but these are the arrangements that have been made. This apartment was vacant, and Michael thought it would be a perfect place for you since it is close to your target. We’ve tried to make it as comfortable as possible.” 
“Where did all this furniture come from?” Liam asked. “How did it get in here?”
Evangeline rolled her eyes. “The powers in Heaven can create anything on Earth, Liam.”
“So why don’t they create peace and harmony?”
“Because if they did that, then they would be interfering with humans and their gift of free will.”
There was a beat of silence.
“How do we know who we’re supposed to help? And who they’re supposed to fall in love with? How close is this target?” Adela asked.
Evangeline smiled. “They will come to you, and as you become more ingrained in their lives, you will recognize who they’re supposed to be with.”
“And if we can’t figure it out?” Liam asked.
“The clues will be there, Liam. Remember, Michael talked of the darkness. You won’t be able to see it with your human eyes, but you’ll recognize the symptoms.”
“And what are those?” Adela asked.
“People who are infected with the darkness Michael spoke of usually show signs of depression. They may also seem angry.”
“What if we fail? What happens to us?” Adela asked.
“I honestly don’t know, Adela. These assignments are most important, so I know the punishment will be strong. We must focus and concentrate on getting everything right so we all don’t end up in Hell. We can’t allow the humans to self-destruct.”
Evangeline stood up and unfurled her wings. “There is one last thing,” she said. “If you’re successful in these assignments, the Creator would like you to take note of the compassion and empathy that is required for a relationship to work when a couple is in love. You two have become hardened. Adela, it is my belief that you have been an Angel of Death too long, and I wonder if you should have ever been given the task with how your life ended. Liam, I’m . . . I’m simply not sure what to say to you. You are who you are, which is a hardened, obnoxious male. However, both of you are lacking in compassion and empathy as Angels of Death, and if you are to return to your stations, you must change. I wish you both luck.”
With that, she walked through the wall and disappeared.
Liam glanced over at Adela. “I’m an obnoxious male?”
“She was being kind.”
“So you think she’s right?”
Adela didn’t answer, just stared at the dark wooden coffee table.
They sat in silence for a moment. Liam couldn’t believe he was going to get the chance to become human again. Women, song, and wine, or whatever that saying was. Certainly those in charge of this little mission wouldn’t mind if he strayed a bit during downtime. Well, he hoped they wouldn’t mind. He’d been working his ass off for five years and felt he deserved a little time to slack off. The first thing he wanted was a beer. 
“Well, what do you say, roomie?” Liam asked. 
Adela didn’t look happy. “I feel ill.”
Liam felt his stomach roll, but he had only been dead five years and recognized the sensation as hunger. He imagined that after three hundred years Adela might have forgotten what hunger felt like. Okay. So sate the hunger and then get the beer.
“You need to eat,” he said.
She slowly turned her head toward him, and the hardened witch looked like a deer in the headlights.
“This is all so strange to me,” she murmured, her voice quivering.
Liam nodded. “I don’t doubt it. I think you’re in for quite a ride.”
He stood and stretched, hearing some popping in his joints and tightness in his muscles that he hadn’t felt in five years. He rolled his neck and cracked his knuckles for good measure.
“What are those sounds coming from your body?” Adela demanded.
“Joints, ligaments, and muscles stretching.” He had to admit, it felt good. It almost made him want to break into some yoga poses, and he supposed he would if he actually knew any.
“It sounds like rocks knocking together,” she said.
He smiled and turned to her. “My guess is your own stones will be knocking together when you stand up.”
Adela stretched her legs out in front of her, and her knees gave a loud crack.
“We need to get something to eat,” he said.
“The refrigerator is full,” Adela said, standing, her knees popping again.
“Well, let’s go see what we can find,” Liam said.
“I don’t know how to work the appliances,” Adela commented.
Liam shrugged. “I’m not an expert in the kitchen either, but we’ll get it figured out.”

Chapter 12
After Liam had prepared turkey sandwiches, both of them were very tired. Liam had gone on a small tirade of his disappointment that there wasn’t any beer, but he had finally stopped and announced that he would be taking the master bedroom. Adela didn’t really care, but argued for the sake of arguing. She didn’t like men getting their way so easily, as her accusers had gotten their way with her so many decades ago.
“I think I should have what you call the ‘master bedroom’ since I’m older,” she had said, standing in the hallway and blocking his passage to the room.
“Ain’t going to happen, Sheila.”
She had heard him call other female angels “Sheila” before and didn’t understand why. Eventually, she had been clued in that it was an Australian term for female.
“Why not?”
“I would say, ‘age before beauty,’ but you’re way older and much prettier than I am. So how about I’m the man of the house, and I get the big bed.”
Adela sighed. “Ah, yes. The man with the big ego needs the big bed. I’ve also heard rumors that such a big ego means other body parts aren’t as impressive.” With that, she glanced down at his pants.
His eyes narrowed on her, and he grinned. “Trust me, Adela, I’m not lacking in that department, but if you want to verify, be my guest. I’m positive it’s still in working order even after a five-year hiatus.”
That hadn’t been the reaction she hoped for. She wanted to make him uncomfortable but had been very unsuccessful in her attempts. Instead, her own cheeks warmed, and without another word, she turned for the smaller bedroom and shut the door.
She sat on the bed and considered what had happened in the past few hours, and felt very insecure about everything.
She could barely remember beginning as an angel and the uncertainty that went with it. She had grown into her role quickly and done her job well. Over time, yes, she had become hardened, and probably a little cocky, but what could be expected? She dealt with death all the time and had done so for centuries. She knew what she was doing and what was expected of her as an Angel of Death.
Now she had been thrown back among the living and uncertainty welled within her. After so much time as an Angel of Death, she didn’t know how to be a human. Remnants of the feeling of her human experiences tugged at her memories, the most prominent being fear as she was led to the gallows.
As she looked around the room, she realized she was once again afraid. Everything was new to her—the gadgets, the appliances, even the feeling of the bedding was different. She remembered the soft glow of candlelight casting shadows on the room, not the bright light of electricity. Bedtime used to be marred in silence except for the odd creature scurrying about, but now she heard the hum of the cars as they drove by and perhaps the dull drone of a TV from an adjoining apartment.
Shaking her head, she marveled at the changes of the world. It was one thing to see it from afar—to observe, but not participate—but it was a very different thing being submerged in it, and it was a shock to all her senses. Gone was the haze and detachment she had felt while being an angel, and in its place was stark reality. It was as if she had been watching a movie for the past three hundred years, and now she had been cast as one of its characters.
She thought of all that she had seen: famine, plagues, and wars. She’d been an Angel of Death through amazing—and heartbreaking—times on Earth. She’d worked the Irish potato famine, World War II, and the Vietnam War. She’d seen death from the street wars of Prohibition and been there for the Hiroshima bomb, as well as the atrocities of 9/11. She’d watched it all with detached fascination, as if it were all a science project to be studied. She never felt any type of connection with any of the souls she delivered to the Fringe—there simply wasn’t time for one to be developed. She always thought it was smart of the Creator to make it this way. She couldn’t speak for all the tiers of Angels of Death, but she felt her job was hard enough without caring about the deaths she needed to deliver to Heaven.
Her work went at such a fast pace, there wasn’t a chance to develop an attraction to the time period. She did, however, find it curious that humans weren’t necessarily interested in the music and art of their time. Often, she witnessed humans who seemed to be attracted to the past. They listened to music, watched movies, and studied art and culture of a past that didn’t belong to them. It was as if they lived in the wrong era. It was intriguing, and she wondered if she could live in any era, which one would it be?
She immediately came to the conclusion that she would go back to the 1600s. Yes, things were more difficult then, but at the same time, they were much simpler. There weren’t computers, phones, and other distractions of today. All of her entertainment, joy, and heartache had been given to her by people, not things.
It was the “things” of today that scared her the most. She had no idea how to use any of the appliances in the kitchen, and she wouldn’t know what to do if someone handed her a computer. She didn’t belong in this era, and her anxiety rose just thinking about her new assignment in human form.
Ten minutes later, as she sat on the bed staring at the pictures of black and white landscapes on the wall, there was a soft knock on the door.
“Come in,” she called, trying to calm her heartbeat from the sudden sound.
“Change of plans, Adela,” Liam said, opening the door. “I’m sleeping in here.”
Adela stood and rolled her eyes. “And why is that?”
“Because it’s obvious that you’re supposed to be in there. The whole room is filled with women’s clothes. And besides, I don’t look good in peach sheets.”
Adela waited a moment, expecting some type of punch line.
“Go on, now. I’m about to strip down, and unless you want to verify your earlier comment, get your cute butt out of here.”
Adela left the room without another word. She didn’t have it in her to verbally spar with Liam further this evening, and the tug of exhaustion was growing stronger with each minute.
She entered the master bedroom and shut the door. Slowly, she went through the clothing provided for her and found a drawer full of silky undergarments. There were so many pretty colors and so soft to the touch. She found a purple nightgown but was hesitant to put it on, as she remembered the neck-to-ankle nightgowns she’d worn every night of her marriage and the night she was taken from her home. It had covered her body, but what she now held in her hand was a simple piece of cloth that would cover nothing and most likely accentuate everything.
Oh, what the heck. She was getting a second chance at being human, and maybe she should embrace it. Yes, she wanted to wear it.
She walked toward the bathroom. Being an angel was like experiencing life encased in bubble wrap and watching it pass by on TV. She hadn’t give much thought to living—her job was simply to deliver souls to their place in Heaven. Yet, here she was experiencing life again. It had been easy to remain detached as an angel, because she wasn’t truly experiencing life on Earth. Her other senses had been numbed. She wasn’t able to smell and taste anything around her, and even when she touched something, it felt unreal, almost as if it was wrapped in a cloud or a plastic covering.
Now it was all very, very real, which she found out the hard way as she slammed head-first into the door that she would usually be able to walk right through.
“Ouch!” she cried out, rubbing the spot on her forehead.
Right. Remember doorknobs.
She opened the bathroom door and stepped in, the rug between her toes gave way to the cold white tile, and she marveled at the sensations.
 After pulling off her leather garments, she slowly brought her gaze to her reflection in the bathroom mirror. She gasped. She hadn’t seen herself in over three hundred years and she honestly forgot what she looked like.
Her long, blonde hair hung in a thick curtain down to her waist. Her brown eyes were large, her skin unmarred, except for the red spot on her forehead where she had run into the door. Her complexion was creamy-white while her cheeks held just a tinge of pink. She had to admit, she would describe herself as pretty.
Her long neck gave way to broad shoulders, and her breasts were large, yet high and firm; her ribcage tapered down into a small waist, and her hips flared. She brought her hand to her face and the softness of her skin surprised her. Running her hand through the long strands of blonde silk, she loved the way they caressed her body as they fell around her.
She turned around to look at her backside, pulling her hair to the side. Her angel wings were gone and in their place were six crystals the size of pennies, three lining each side of her spine.
It was like she had been reborn or reincarnated, and the crystals represented her birthmark.
A pressure built in her lower abdomen. Something tugged at her memory at what the sensation meant, and she realized that she had to urinate. She stared at the toilet, both excited and apprehensive. Yes, she had seen the device used, and she had even delivered a few souls who died while using it. However, it would be her first time operating it herself.
She sat down, the porcelain cold against her skin. When finished, she turned and eyed the silver knob she knew would flush the waste away. She pushed it quickly and covered her ears at the noise, fascinated as the contents disappeared.
When the water in the bowl had settled, she turned to the bathtub, vaguely remembering her own attempts at personal hygiene and how difficult it had all been. In the 1690s, they had water to heat over the fire and soap to carve. Now all she needed to do was turn the dial and hot water would pour out of the spout into the shiny, white tub. She groaned at the thought of submerging her body in warm water. Turning the knob, she was once again surprised by the loud sound.
As the tub filled, she focused on the counter where numerous bottles were lined up. She picked the bubble bath labeled “wildflower,” flicked the top open, and inhaled the soft scent. Satisfied, she poured some into the tub and watched the frothy bubbles come to life. 
After piling her hair on top of her head, Adela stepped into the tub. The water was hot but felt good against her skin. She sat down and slowly leaned back, the cold porcelain giving her goose bumps. She shut her eyes. The scent of the bubbles brought back a memory of a spring day when she was thirteen, a year before she was to be married.
Her family were Puritans, as were all those in their village. It had been a Sunday after they attended church, and her mother had suggested a picnic in the hills behind their home. Adela and her parents had packed a small basket and hiked up the hill to a small meadow in bloom with pink, yellow and purple wildflowers. The air had been crisp, but the sun warmed her face as they ate together on the blanket. It had been a beautiful day, and as Adela gazed at all the wildflowers in bloom under the blue sky, she had said a quiet prayer of thanks to God for allowing her to experience such beauty.
After she died, on the rare occasion that she went into the Inner Circle of Heaven, she used to search for her parents, but she never saw them. Evangeline had told her a long time ago that she would never see her family again. Adela guessed they resided in the Inner Circle, a place she would never be. If her Angel of Death work ever ended, she would take up residence in the Fringe.
Sighing, she sunk into the water a little deeper. Her great-grandparents had traveled from England on the Mayflower in 1620 to escape the religious persecution in England. 
At that time, England wanted everyone under one church, aptly named the Church of England. The Puritans did not want to follow the strict Catholic practices and elaborate rituals, and they began separating from the church. As pressure mounted for them conform to the ways of the Church of England, a growing number of the population wanted to flee the country.
Adela’s great-grandparents had done just that. They hadn’t known each other when they boarded the Mayflower, but had married shortly after landing in the new world and had raised her fraternal grandfather.
Her father and mother married in 1669, and Adela was born in 1672. Adela was raised to believe that Satan was present in everyday life, and he must be battled at all times through prayer. Everything that went wrong was blamed on the supernatural powers of the devil, whether it be a child’s death, a failed crop, or arguments and misgivings among members of the church. Satan was to blame for everything.
The townspeople lay the blame on Satan, or witchcraft, when two young girls exhibited fits similar to what would be known today as epilepsy. The first woman to be accused of witchcraft was Sarah Goode, a homeless beggar. She was “brought to justice” because of her appalling behavior of being homeless. Sarah Osborne was the second to be accused for marrying an indentured servant after her husband’s death.
While all this was going on, Adela watched with fascination. She didn’t know if the women accused of witchcraft were capable of it, but the evidence presented definitely indicated so. The accusations and hysteria steamrolled leading directly to Adela’s door where she simply practiced healing with herbs. It wasn’t until her own arrest that she realized the blatant lies being told about her and the others accused.
Adela sat up and decided she needed to get out of the bath or she would simply fall asleep. After drying off, she slathered the pink wildflower lotion on her skin, then she eyed the purple silk nightgown on the counter. Slowly, she pulled it over her head, the soft material kissing her nipples and hardening them as it slid down her body, landing mid-thigh.
As she stared at herself in the mirror, she unclasped her hair and it cascaded around her. She was both appalled and fascinated by the purple silk sheath. With her blonde hair and dark eyes, she looked innocent—yet devious—all at once, and she felt very pretty. However, she was horrified that she was even wearing the garment. For some reason, the sensations of the silk against her skin made it sinful, and she smiled, feeling absolutely wicked in the way it made her look and the satisfaction it brought her.
A witch, indeed.
She switched off the light and made her way to the bed, thankful for the small nightlight on the far side of the room to guide her. After pulling back the covers, she slid between the sheets and tried to take in all the new sensations.
Adela ran her hand over the soft peach-colored comforter and cotton sheets. Sleep pulled at her with force, but she relented as she tried to remember what her last night in an earthly bed felt like. 
It had been the night before she was arrested. The room had been dark, except for the candle on her bed stand that casted shadows around the room until she blew it out, plunging the room into darkness. The acrid smoke had channeled its way up into her nose, making her eyes water and her sinuses run. The blankets were scratchy wool, unlike the softness of what covered her now. She turned her head on the pillow and rubbed her cheek against the fabric that had the faint scent of flowers from the lotion she had applied earlier.
Human life had changed so much.
Although she was aware of this, she had been an outsider looking in. Of course, she had witnessed the development of the car, the toilet, the telephone, electricity, computers, cell phones . . . and she had probably delivered a soul from someone who had died from every wonderful invention the humans had put on this Earth. She had witnessed all the amazing human creations, but they had never interested her, nor had she paid much attention to them. They were simply part of the world that she no longer belonged. Now, she had been dropped into the middle of it, but her last human experiences were absolutely primitive to what she was facing now.
Every now and then, the clear hum of a car outside startled her. She stretched her body out on the king-size bed. Her hands and feet almost touched each corner, and she smiled as she remembered the argument with Liam about the sleeping arrangements.
She had definitely won that battle without even trying.
As she stared at the ceiling, her eyelids became heavier, and she allowed her eyes to close and the darkness to pull her under.

Chapter 13
Liam woke and stretched. His eyes flew open when he remembered the happenings of the night before. Sitting up in bed, he looked around the small room. It hadn’t been a dream; he was living as a human.
“Hot damn,” he whispered and threw off the covers, feeling the breeze from ceiling fan on his bare skin. He opened the door and peeked down the hall. Apparently, Adela was still sleeping.
He shut the door and crawled back into bed. Closing his eyes, he let his mind wander, and it ended up on Annie.
Two days before Annie died, he had bought a ring and was going to ask her to marry him. He had it all planned out, and the boys from his fire company were going to help.
The plan was to roll up to her building at work on the ladder truck, lights and sirens blazing. Liam had purchased a large banner online that said, “Annie, please marry me,” to hang from the side of the truck. Liam would be on top of the truck down on a knee with a bouquet of roses. Sure, they’d get in trouble for using public resources for private use, but nothing that would affect any of their careers. Liam was ready to go and was just waiting for the banner to arrive.
It did, the day of Annie’s funeral, and as Liam burned it out back in a garbage can, he hated himself even more. It was that day he decided the pain of losing the one you love wasn’t worth the happiness that it brought. He would never, ever fall in love again. As long as he put his life into high gear and lived fast and loose, he would never be around anyone long enough for love to take hold. He didn’t want it, and frankly, he didn’t deserve it.
He had never told anyone what truly happened the night of Annie’s death.
Liam had worked his usual twenty-four-hour shift and he was exhausted. When he returned home from work, Annie was through a bottle of wine and demanded that they go out to dinner. He reluctantly relented, and they went to a steakhouse where she had more to drink. By the time they finished eating, Annie was plastered and Liam was angry.
Throughout dinner she had complained that he didn’t love her, and that perhaps it was time for them to break up, even if she didn’t want to. She said that if he really did love her, they would have been married by now. Three years of dating was too long to go without a marriage proposal. The more she drank, the more belligerent she became, and the angrier he got. He thought about spoiling the whole surprise, but with the way she was acting, he didn’t even want to be in the same room with her, let alone ask her to marry him.
They had gotten in the car and Liam was about remind Annie to put on her seatbelt, but he was so angry and irritated with her he didn’t want to speak to her. He had driven home too fast, anxious to get her into bed. As she sat in the passenger seat and cried, Liam stepped on the gas. Frankly, he was on the brink of losing his patience with her.
A Dingo ran into the middle of the road and Liam swerved, stomping on the break, but not fast enough to avoid the tree. Liam blacked out momentarily, and when he came to, he looked over to the passenger seat.
Annie wasn’t there.
The impact from the crash had sent Annie through the front window, and he found her three feet in front of the car. Dread had washed through him as he noted the disturbing way her head twisted to the side. From the second he set eyes on her, he knew she was dead, but it didn’t stop him from trying to save her. He performed CPR until the medics arrived, and they had to pull him away so they could work on her.
He had never been found of any wrongdoing, but Annie’s death weighed on his soul. It had been his fault.
There were so many things he should have done differently that night. If he had had the guts to ask her to marry him a year earlier when he wanted to, they would have been at dinner as a married couple, and Annie never would have felt so let down by the situation.
 He never should have left the house while so exhausted. He most definitely should have made her put on her seatbelt. He should have slowed down on that stretch of road. He knew from experience the area had a high animal population and they darted across the road all the time, especially at night.
He should have had more patience with Annie because she had been right. They had been dating a long time, and it was his own fears that kept him from asking her to marry him—his fear of commitment. He knew he loved Annie, he knew that he wanted to be with her, but the thought of marriage scared the hell out of him. Spending the rest of his life with one person? That person would have to be pretty special. He knew Annie was the one for him, but there was something about that level of commitment that made his gut clench. 
Perhaps he should have just asked her right then and there at that horrible dinner, or at least told her of his plans, but then she wouldn’t have believed him or thought he meant it. He’d been in a difficult situation, was exhausted, and instead of being patient with Annie, he’d just wanted to get away from her.
Turning over, he tried to steer his thoughts away from Annie. He focused on being human again. The air from the overhead fan felt cool against his skin, the soft, cotton sheet caressed his body. He was excited about being human and made a mental list of all the things he wanted to do. First, he recognized the pangs of hunger and decided that he wanted a huge breakfast of bacon and eggs with the works. He remembered seeing a small café down the street, and after a shower, that was going to be his first stop. He was looking forward to the shower, as he had always enjoyed those while alive.
Another thing he had enjoyed was beer. There was nothing like a cold beer on a hot afternoon, or kicking it with the boys, watching football on the telly, and tipping back a few. Surely the powers-that-be in Heaven wouldn’t mind if he imbibed a little?
He got out of bed, pulled a blue terrycloth bathrobe from the closet, and slipped it on, loving the softness of the garment against his skin. When he entered the hallway, he heard humming, and he noticed Adela’s door was now slightly ajar.
He walked down the hall with the intention of peeking in and saying good morning, then resuming his trip to the shower. He pushed the door open more, but the words he wanted to say got stuck in his throat.
Adela bustled around the bed, straightening out the comforter, wearing nothing but a purple silk nightgown. It caressed the curves of her body and rode up and down her legs as she bended and reached while rearranging the bedding. Her blonde hair fell messily around her, and he caught a glimpse of a breast when she leaned over and set down a pillow.
He quietly shut the door before she busted him and went into the bathroom, very aware he was sporting a raging erection.
The hot water felt wonderful against his skin, and he closed his eyes while the spray pounded his back. Leaning his head back, he ran his hands through his hair as the water soaked it. He concentrated on the sensations of the water hitting his skin, the little rivulets cascading down his body. 
Good God.
Never in his wildest imagination had he ever thought Adela would be so damn perfect. Sure, she was pretty, but that little purple silk number brought up all sorts of salacious images, and all of them had to do with Adela’s legs wrapped around him. He looked down at his hips and knew that bad boy wasn’t going away without some help.
Sighing, he grabbed the soap and lathered up his hands, letting his desires for Adela play behind his closed lids. It only took a couple of minutes of his soapy hand running up and down his shaft for the orgasm to curl his spine, and he bit his lip to keep from crying out.
Breathing hard, he sank to his knees, tasting blood, and realized that he had missed orgasms more than beer.

Chapter 14
Adela sat in the living room unsure of what to do with herself. She ran her hands over the jeans and fingered the blue-collared shirt, feeling as though it was too tight, which was ridiculous as she had been clad in a black vest for centuries as an Angel of Death. She was hungry, but the appliances in the kitchen frightened her, as she knew that they could start fires if used improperly. She remembered one woman who had died after drinking a half-bottle of bourbon and forgetting about a soufflé in the oven.
And she hated having to rely on Liam, feeling like a child in her uncertainty and fear of this world.
She turned when she heard his bedroom door open. He came down the hall wearing loose jeans with a red T-shirt hugging his chest. Wet tendrils of hair stuck to the nape of his neck, his green eyes looked clear and bright. He gave her a small smile and little crinkles appeared at the corners of his eyes. In his angel form there was a “take charge” presence about him, but as a human, it was even more pronounced. Adela was both intimidated and attracted to the power he emanated.
“Hey,” he said, heading for the kitchen. The white countertops were tidy, and the white appliances sparkled as though they were brand new.
“Good morning.” Adela got up and followed him.
“I’m going to start some coffee,” he said, as he opened a few cabinets, and finally found what he wanted.  Reaching up, he grabbled a pouch of Starbucks Vanilla Bean.
“I’d like to learn how to work the coffee maker, if you wouldn’t mind teaching me,” she replied.
He turned to her. “Of course.”
“Your lip’s bleeding.”
A slow blush ran up his neck as he stared at her. “I know.”
He seemed rattled as he opened the pouch of coffee.
Clearing his throat, he said, “Okay, so you’re going to take out the basket from the coffeemaker. I like my coffee strong, so I add four scoops. Then you take the pot, fill it to the top, and pour it in this area here. Hit the brew button and wait.”
He turned his back to the coffeemaker and leaned against the counter, crossing his arms over his chest.
“That seems simple enough. Much easier than what I had to do to brew a cup.”
“I imagine so,” Liam agreed. “Probably had to tend to the fire, wait for the water to boil, etcetera.”
Adela smiled and nodded. “Exactly. In some ways, life is much simpler now.”
“Yes.”
They sat in silence as she listened to the hiss of the machine and watched the coffee drip from the spout into the glass container. The aroma was strong, and she licked her lips.
“Did you sleep okay?” Liam asked.
She nodded. Overall, yes, it had been a restful sleep. However, the hum of the odd car passing every now and then woke her, as did the creaks and groans of the building. It would take some getting used to. “Yes, thank you.”
Liam poured two cups of coffee, and she sat down at the kitchen table.
“So, I thought we’d go to breakfast to the little place down the street,” Liam said, taking a few bills from the stack of money on the counter, and then joining her at the table. “We should put this away somewhere.”
“That’s fine with me. Where?”
Liam quickly counted the bills. “We’ve got seven hundred dollars here. Let’s just put it in the freezer.”
“The freezer?”
He nodded. “Right behind the ice cube maker.”
“Why on Earth would you do that?” Adela asked, confused. Who put money in the freezer?
Liam smiled and shrugged. “Why not?”
Adela nodded and sipped her coffee. The heat burned her lips, and the strength of the bitterness made her eyes water. 
“You want some milk in that? Not many people can take my coffee,” Liam said.
“Yes, please,” 
Liam took her cup and went to the sink, dumping out a bit of the coffee. He then went to the refrigerator and poured some milk into the black coffee as well as a little bit of water, turning it a tan color. Bringing the cup to her lips, she was pleasantly surprised at the new flavor. “This is nice.”
Liam nodded, put the milk away, and sat back down. “So I guess we just do what we want to do and wait for someone to show themselves who looks like a miserable bastard and needs our help.”
Adela shrugged. She couldn’t think of a better plan. “I suppose so. Evangeline did say that whoever was in need would come to us.”
Liam took a long drink of his coffee and winced, licking his lip again.
“How did you cut your lip?” Adela asked.
Liam’s eyes narrowed on her, and he stood up and put the money in the freezer. “I say we get some food and stop and get some beer. We carefully watch everyone we come in contact with.”
“And after that?”
“After that, I’m going to come back here, turn on the tube, and sink some brews. I’m tired of flying around trying to get to my next death. I’m going to enjoy myself and slack off for a while and you’re more than welcome to join me.”
Adela studied him. “Don’t you think we should try to be more proactive? Be out and about and giving ourselves the chance to run into this person?”
“You go and do that, Adela,” he sighed, making his way to the door. “I’m sticking to my own game plan.”
 

A half hour later, they were seated at the corner café waiting for breakfast. Small baskets of gardenias hung from plants stands surrounding the outdoor patio, and Liam had told her that the fragrant odor permeating the air was the orange blossoms in bloom from the many trees around them. 
They had decided that their waiter wasn’t the person they were supposed to help, and neither were any of the patrons sitting around them. None looked sad—in fact, most were very pleasant and seemed happy.
 Adela had scanned the people around them, searching their faces. Finally, she had given up. The day was warm, but there was a slight breeze cooling the air. Adela had her face turned up to the sun, reminding her again of that wonderful afternoon with her parents in the field of wildflowers.
“You better watch yourself, Adela,” Liam commented.
She opened her eyes and looked at him. “Excuse me?” Watch herself do what?
“You’re very fair-skinned. You shouldn’t be out in the sun for very long. You’ll burn.” He leaned in close and said, “And trust me, as someone who was barbequed well-done and then died, burns aren’t fun.”
Adela considered his words. She had heard through the angel grapevine that he had died a painful, horrible death in a fire, and she made a note to question him about it at another time. “I suppose you’re right. I’ll move over to the shade.” As she scooted her chair, she realized she would be sitting closer to him. She expected some type of arrogant comment about it, but none came.
“This must be strange to you,” Liam murmured, looking out at the passing cars on the street.
“What?”
He shrugged. “Being immersed in this world. I was thinking about it this morning. As an angel, you get to see everything and the progress that has been made in three hundred years, but it’s like we’re wrapped in bubble wrap or something. And now you’ve been dropped smack into the middle of it. You’re living it now.”
Adela smiled. Maybe he wasn’t a total arrogant ass.
“Yes, you’re right. It is a little difficult for me.” She inhaled deeply. Usually, she tried to say as little as possible to Liam, but maybe life in the real world had changed him. It definitely seemed to be changing her, and frankly, she didn’t like the uncertainty she felt. “Everything from the toilet to the coffeemaker is new. The sun against my skin brings back distant memories, and even the smells of food are foreign to me.”
Liam nodded. “That would be bizarre.”
The waiter set down their food, and Adela dug in, her body raging with hunger.
“You better slow down there, Sheila, or you’re going to choke.”
Adela sat back in her chair and sipped her coffee. After a moment she asked, “Do you think we can die again?”
Liam’s eyes narrowed. “What?”
Adela leaned in close the Liam. “If I were to choke, Liam, would I die again? Would I feel the sensations of death as I did in the gallows and as you did in the fire? Or would Evangeline come rescue us?”
Liam furrowed his brow. “I don’t know. That’s a good question. We should probably get that clarified.”
Adela nodded and sat back in her chair. “We’re living as humans, so my guess is yes. Yes, we would die as humans do.” She picked up a knife, its steel glinting in the sun. “If I were to stab you with this, I do believe you would bleed.”
Liam stared at her for a beat, then threw his head back and laughed. He leaned in close. “You really were a witch, weren’t you?”
Adela bent forward so that their faces were inches apart. “No, I wasn’t, Liam. And for the love of God, don’t call me Sheila anymore, or I very well may stab you.”

Chapter 15
Jeff leaned back and closed his eyes as he waited for Dr. Fitzgerald. His stomach hurt, as if there were a black cauldron of fire brewing within it. Tums didn’t help, neither did any other over-the-counter stuff he had tried. He wondered if this whole thing with Sara had caused a raging ulcer.
“Hello, Jeff.”
Jeff gazed at Dr. Fitzgerald and sighed. He felt as though he should be talking to anyone else but the good doctor. Or maybe he just wanted to be spewing his tale to someone who wasn’t recording his every word and judging every nuance he made. Maybe someone like the local drunk at the bar in his neighborhood. Jeff knew that guy, Martin, had been through four divorces—two because his spouse had cheated on him, and two because he had cheated on them. Martin loved every single one of his wives. Perhaps Jeff should be discussing the “Sara issue,” as he had begun to think of it, with Martin.
“Are you ready?” Dr. Fitzgerald asked.
Jeff forced a smile. “Sure.” He sunk into the chair and pulled the side lever on the chair to bring up the footrest.
“How are you today?” Dr. Fitzgerald asked.
 His stomach rolled and churned. “Fine. And you?”
“Can you tell me the end of your story? How you found out Sara was cheating on you?”
Of course: answer a question with a question. Jeff dug his fingernails into the leather armrest and took a deep breath.
“Sure. I’ll tell you how I found out.”
The images came spiraling back and played before him as if they were a high-definition movie.
After getting off work early one Wednesday night, he had gone to the university library where Sara said her study group met. He wanted to surprise her and take her out to a late dinner. 
But she wasn’t there.
He walked through that damn library four times and didn’t see her.
As he’d stepped out into the warm night air, he looked around the campus. Large trees reached up to the dark sky and people milled about. Jeff never regretted not going to college—he had wanted to be a cop since he was six years old when an officer stood in his first-grade classroom and spoke about good decisions versus bad decisions, and how every action had a consequence. Jeff admired the officers’ uniform and badge as he listened to him speak, and when the officer said the main part of his job was to help and protect others, that was it for Jeff. He never gave a second thought to any other career.
A group of laughing co-eds walked past him, and he caught bits of conversation about a party the night before. Jeff smiled and walked down the pathway past the Humanities building where he saw a couple walking hand-in-hand out of the corner of his eye, forcing him to do a double take. There was no way that was Sara. He closed his eyes and rubbed them with the palms of his hands. He read somewhere that everyone had a twin somewhere in the world, and apparently he had just found his wife’s. A strangled laughed escaped his throat, and he turned back to watch them.
The woman reminded him so much of Sara, he needed to follow her. It was the sway of her hips, the way she pushed her hair back behind her ears and tilted her head as she listened to what the man had to say. God, he would swear it was Sara. But it couldn’t be. His mind couldn’t wrap around that his Sara would be walking through campus holding another man’s hand.
Pain lurched through him, but he continued to tail them and refused to believe he was watching his wife. The couple stopped walking and faced each other, and Jeff backed up into the shadow of one of the trees.
The man brought his lips to the woman’s, and she snaked her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. Jeff felt as though his world was crumbling around him, but he couldn’t look away. The man wrapped his arms around the woman’s waist, their bodies melding together.
After a moment, they separated. Jeff continued to stare.
The man said something and the woman pulled out her phone. He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he did catch the distinct sound of Sara’s laugh, which was something he hadn’t heard in quite a while. The sound resonated in him like a kick to the groin. The phone screen lit up the woman’s face, her full lips still wet from the stranger’s kiss. She pushed her hair behind her ear as she smiled, a smile he hadn’t seen in a long time. It was the grin of true happiness that began in her soul and lit up her whole face. 
Jeff studied the man in the low light of the phone. He was tall and reed-thin with a ponytail, a goatee, and John Lennon glasses. His jeans hung from his skinny hips, and a pink button-down shirt opened at the collar draped over his thin shoulders. They continued down the path until they reached the parking lot and got into the man’s car.
Anger tore through Jeff, and he knew he should just go home, but he had to see this through. He had to know who the man was and where he was taking his wife, and why she was going. He briefly went over the past few months of their marriage and couldn’t find any reason for her to stray. They had been getting along—no major arguments. Two days ago he’d brought her to orgasm, or so he thought. He’d always imagined his marriage lasting as his parents’ had, but apparently Sara had different ideas. His marriage apparently wasn’t as solid as he believed.
God, he was going to be sick.
Jeff followed them to a small house about three miles off campus and parked across the street. His heart pounded as he watched his wife enter the house with the man. The lights illuminated the living room, and Jeff watched in horror as the man pulled Sara into his arms and kissed her passionately. The man pushed up Sara’s sweater and licked her breast through the white bra, and a stone settled in Jeff’s chest. Then Sara, laughing giddily, playfully pushed the man away and closed the curtains.
Jeff peeled away from the curb, drove two blocks, then erratically pulled over to the side of the road, heaved open the door, and vomited in the street.
“What happened then, Jeff?” Dr. Fitzgerald asked.
“I kept puking until I could barely breathe.”
“Tell me your feelings at that point.”
“I wanted to die. I wanted to kill the guy. I wanted to scream at Sara. I was confused. I was hurt.”
“All understandable. Please, go on.”
As Jeff drove home, he called a friend at the station and asked him to look up the owner of the house.
“It was her professor,” Jeff snarled. “Dr. Phillip Taft was fucking my wife when he was supposed to be teaching her the finer points of English literature.”
There was a beat of silence as the shrink made notes on his yellow notepad.
“And what happened then, Jeff?”
“I went home and Sara arrived about two hours later.”
“Did you confront her?”
“Yeah, I did.”
“How did that go?”
“I didn’t handle it very well.”
When Jeff arrived home, he lost it. He looked at all the pictures of them in happier times scattered around the apartment and his rage took over. He smashed them all except the one of them at the fair. When Sara came home, he was sitting on the couch, staring out the window. A table lamp softly illuminated the living room.
“Hi, honey,” she said. “How was work? Did you just get home?”
Jeff remained quiet. The mess and his silence apparently hadn’t registered to her. Her hair was mussed, and she kept running her fingers through it as she got a glass of water. “The study session went really well,” she said, going through the mail. “I’m wiped though. I think I’ll take a shower and head to bed.”
As she made her way into the living room, she saw the mess. “What happened here?”
Jeff stood, glaring at her. “Why don’t you tell me how it felt to have your professor’s cock buried inside you?”
She gasped and took a step back. “What are you talking about?” she asked.
“Don’t try to hide it, Sara. I saw all of it. I even followed you to his house.”
He bent down and picked up the picture of them on their wedding day taken at the end of the reception. Sara sat on his lap dressed in her wedding gown. He held a beer in one hand and his arm was wrapped around Sara’s waist. He had lost his tie, so his tuxedo shirt was open at the collar. Both grinned as if they were the happiest people on the planet. “Apparently what you said on this day didn’t matter, did it?”
Sara paled. “Jeff, I can explain.”
“There’s nothing to explain!” Jeff yelled, throwing the picture across the room. “I’m not stupid, Sara!”
“I went to his house for tutoring,” Sara snapped, crossing her arms over her chest, looking indignant.
Jeff couldn’t believe the lie, and he wondered what happened to their marriage. He thought they were in love. He thought they had fantastic sex. He thought they had fun together. It wasn’t until she decided to go back to school that the marriage cooled, and now he understood why.
“If tutoring involves your nipple in his mouth, then you were educated pretty well,” Jeff sneered, and turned toward the window. “Don’t patronize me, Sara. Don’t try to lie.”
He heard her in the bedroom, and a few minutes later, she came out with a suitcase.
“Going back for more tutoring?” he asked. Tears welled in his eyes. He felt as if he was standing in the middle of the desert and he didn’t know which way to go. He was lost and confused. He wanted to hold her and tell her they could work it out. He wanted her to leave. More than anything, he wanted to rewind the past three months and he wanted his marriage back.
“I’ll stay somewhere else tonight, Jeff,” she said.
“Before you go, just tell me why. Why did you do it?”
There was a beat of silence. “Jeff, it’s just me. This has nothing to do with you.”
Ah, yes. The old, “it’s not you, it’s me.”
“You’re a good guy, but I’m feeling . . . suffocated in this marriage, Jeff. Going back to college has reminded me that life can be fun and exciting.”
Jeff turned to her. His first love, his first broken heart. “We had fun together, Sara. We’ve been married for two years. Don’t throw it away.”
She sighed and looked down at the floor. “Jeff, it’s just that . . .”
“It’s what? It’s fucking what?” he yelled, finally losing it. “What can I do to make it better? Should I help more with the dishes? The laundry? Should I learn to cook better? Just tell me what to do and I’ll do it!”
There was a long moment of silence as they stared each other down.
“I don’t want to be married to a cop, okay?” Sara yelled. “I don’t want to talk about traffic stops and dirtbags you threw in jail! I don’t want to go to stupid barbeques with your buddies on the force! I don’t want to hear about court or stupid gossip about your co-workers! I want intelligent conversations about art and culture! I want to travel!” she screamed.
Jeff stared at her for a moment, then turned back to the window. His heart was cold. She had just told him that he wasn’t good enough for her, and at that moment, she disgusted him. “Well, you can’t be any more honest than that, Sara. Go back to your professor and talk about art and culture or whatever else you consider to be intelligent conversation.”
With that, the door closed.
“Did you try to contact her?” Dr. Fitzgerald asked, bringing Jeff back to the present.
“Yeah.”
“And?”
“And she changed her cell phone number. I went to the school but didn’t see her. She quit her job. She doesn’t want to see me. She’s avoiding me.” He wasn’t about to tell the shrink about him parking out in front of the professor’s house for hours on end. Thank God Missy had talked him out of that one.
“So how are you coping now, Jeff?”
How was he coping? He was going through the motions of his day-to-day life. He was sleeping on his couch. He felt a darkness within him growing, wanting to lash out. Not very well, thank you very much.
“I’m okay. Working through it.”
Dr. Fitzgerald checked his watch. “Our time’s up for today, Jeff. Can you come back in a couple of days?”
Jeff nodded. He would do whatever was asked of him as long as he didn’t lose the one thing in his life that was keeping him somewhat sane: his job.

Chapter 16
Liam was drunk. He knew that, but he kept slugging back beers.
In his altered state, he was again debating which was better: orgasms or beer. They were definite pros and cons to each.
For instance, a good beer buzz could last hours, while an orgasm was over fairly quickly. However, the buildup or foreplay to an orgasm could last hours as well. So maybe the time element of the argument was negated. Who knew?
However, an orgasm involved a woman or at least some fantasies of a woman. Well, at least for him it did. But a beer buzz didn’t require anything at all except beer. But usually during a beer buzz, fantasies of women drifted through his brain. Actually, he had gotten laid more than a few times with a beer buzz. So maybe one wasn’t necessarily better than the other. Maybe they sort of went hand-in-hand. He sighed, realizing he was giving himself a headache with all this debate on orgasms and beer, and tipped back his can.
He was sprawled out on the couch watching ESPN, very aware that Adela sat in the chair to the left of him. She had gotten through one beer and was timidly sipping on the next.
“I’ve never had alcohol,” Adela said. Liam didn’t know if she was talking to him or just making an observation to herself.
“Well, go easy, Sheila . . . crap . . . I mean, Adela. Go easy. And don’t fucking stab me. It was a slip of the tongue.”
“My head feels very light and my limbs feel weak.”
“Beer buzz, love.”
Images of Adela in her little purple silk number danced through his head, and he wondered if he should put the moves on her.
He shook his head. Absolutely not, and for a number of reasons. First, he was ninety-nine-point-nine percent certain she was a virgin. She died during the Puritan age. Second, he didn’t like virgins. Yeah, he knew that it was contrary to every man’s fantasy, but he liked a woman with experience. Virgins equaled a “big no” for him.
There were a few other reasons, but he couldn’t remember them at that moment.
“I think I’m going to be sick,” she said, standing.
Oh hell. He didn’t do well with this stuff either. “Get your ass to the bathroom,” he yelled. “Puke in the toilet!”
Adela lurched forward and gripped the armrest of the couch, her head right above his. He sat up just as there was a knock on the door.
He stared at Adela, who let out a soft burp. She giggled and smiled, covering her mouth. Her eyes were glassy, but she definitely didn’t look like she was going to be sick. She looked more like one of those silly drunk chicks he ran into in college.
“I guess I was wrong,” she said, turning toward the door.
“Let me get that,” Liam said, standing. They met at the door, shoulder to shoulder.
“This could be her,” Adela whispered.
Liam nodded. “Or him.”
“Open it.”
“Right.”
Liam opened the door, surprised to see a cop on the other side. The man was in his thirties with a blond buzz cut, his blue uniform snug around his bulky shoulders. He stood just under six feet, and it was obvious he worked out with weights. A lot. Liam suddenly felt very, very sober.
“Can we help you, officer?” Liam asked, wondering what would happen if they went to jail. For what, he didn’t know, but would the powers-that-be in Heaven bail them out?
“I just wanted to make sure everything was okay in here,” the cop answered. “I heard yelling on the way to my apartment and thought I’d stop by.”
Liam nodded and studied the man. He was about to write off the guy, but then met his steel-gray eyes. They were flat. The guy was in pain.
Liam elbowed Adela, who was leaning up against him. “No, everything’s cool, officer, I was just yelling at ESPN. But why don’t you come in?”
The cop shook his head. “No, I’m just ending my shift. Time for me to get to bed.”
“No, please come in,” Adela protested, laying her hand on his arm. “We’re new to the building and would love to meet our neighbors.”
The door across the hall opened and a small, curvy, pretty woman with curly blonde hair poked her head out. “Jeff? Is everything okay?”
He turned and smiled. “Yeah, it’s fine, Missy. Just our new neighbor yelling at ESPN.”
Missy stepped out, shut her door, and ran her hand through her blonde curls. “I didn’t realize anyone had moved in!” Sticking her hand out, she said, “I’m Missy. Welcome to the building!”
Liam and Adela both shook her hand, and Liam heard the women chattering, but the words didn’t register. He was busy studying Jeff.
As Liam stared into the man’s face, he saw his own pain from many years ago after he lost Annie. His eyes were flat, and he looked as though he had been beaten down by life.
Or by love.
This was definitely their guy.
“Why don’t both of you come on in?” Liam asked. “Have some dinner with us and throw back a few tinnies. Might as well get to know each other.”
Jeff looked at Liam, then at Adela. “What’s a tinnie?”
“Beer. We’ll throw back a few beers. My Aussie slang is getting the best of me.”
Finally, Jeff shrugged his shoulders. “Sounds good. What do you think, Missy?”
“Sounds great!” Damn, the woman had a mega-watt smile.
 Jeff stuck out his hand. “I’m Jeff Waters. And I might as well drink beer and watch ESPN with neighbors than by myself.”
“Wonderful!” Adela exclaimed.
“Let me go change,” Jeff said, his hand on his holster. “Beer and guns don’t mix.”
“Sure, mate, see you in a bit!”
“I’ll be right back,” Missy said. “I just have to put my groceries away.”
Liam shut the door and turned to Adela. “That’s our guy,” he whispered. “I’m certain of it.”
“How?” Adela asked, tilting her head and crossing her arms. “How do you know? How do you know it isn’t Missy?”
“His eyes.”
“You can tell by his eyes?”
“Yes.”
Adela rolled her eyes. “That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard, Liam.”
“Trust me. I know what I’m talking about. There’s pain in his eyes, like there’s a darkness and hurt within him.”
“Liam—“
“Seriously, Adela, that’s our guy. You’ll see.”
“And how do you know it’s not Missy?”
“She’s way too fucking happy.”
He grabbed her arm and pulled her into the kitchen. “We need to figure out what we’re going to serve them. We invited them to dinner.”
As he opened the refrigerator, Adela said, “You’re going to have to cook. He can’t know that I’m not comfortable with the appliances.”
Liam nodded and pulled out a package of steaks. He glanced out the sliding glass door and saw a small barbecue. “We’ll throw these on the barbie, mix up a salad, and call it a day.”
As he bustled about the kitchen, he thought about how this would go down. Instead of looking at Jeff as an assignment, they had to look at him as a potential friend, someone who they wanted to get to know.
He thought about Jeff’s eyes. Yeah, he was definitely their guy. Liam had seen the same thing in his own eyes many years ago after Annie died. The sadness and guilt had just about consumed him. Jeff’s flat stare conveyed heartache, but the spark just beyond it showed the anger and devastation writhing underneath—the same thing Liam had experienced. He threw the steaks on the barbeque, and Liam wondered why he didn’t have the darkness that Evangeline spoke of within him, or maybe he did and didn’t even know it.

Chapter 17
 Jeff really didn’t want to be social with his new neighbors, but at the same time he didn’t want to be alone with his thoughts. Maybe this evening would provide a few hours of distraction he needed from his Sara issue. Maybe if he could just hang out for a couple hours with other people things would start to look up. His coworkers all knew he was depressed, and they felt sorry for him. He didn’t want to be around people who pitied him.
 As he studied Adela, he got the distinct feeling that there was something different about her. She was beautiful, but her facial structure looked old European. She had a slight accent that he couldn’t place, and it was as if she didn’t quite belong in this world. It wasn’t anything that she did or said, just a gut feeling on a passing thought.
Jeff followed her and Missy to the kitchen to where Liam was cutting lettuce and tossing it into a bowl. Adela sat on one of the stools, and Jeff slid onto the other. 
“You ready for that beer, Jeff?” Liam asked, reaching into the fridge.
“Yeah. Sounds good.”
“What can I do to help?” Missy asked.
“Nothing. Just sit down and have a beer, honey,” Liam answered.
Jeff guessed Liam’s accent as Australian. The guy seemed normal enough, but again, he felt something was slightly off. 
“So you’re a cop, Jeff?”
He nodded, flipping the top on the cold can. “Yeah. Going on five years now.”
“What about you, Missy?”
“I work as an executive assistant to a vice president of a bank. It’s definitely not as exciting as being a cop!”
“And are you married, Missy?” Adela asked.
Missy shook her head. “Nope.”
“What about you Jeff?” Liam asked.
“I am . . . sort of,” Jeff answered after a beat of silence.
“What happened?” Adela asked. Jeff noticed that Missy had gotten quiet and was studying her beer carefully, the smile gone from her face.
“Adela, you just met the guy,” Liam chided, smiling. “You’re being a little nosey, aren’t you?”
Her cheeks turned pink, and she gave him a small smile before looking down at the floor. “I’m sorry, Jeff.”
He chuckled. Yes, she was being nosey, but he could tell she meant no harm. She didn’t know she was poking at his proverbial Achilles’ heel. “No, it’s okay, Liam. We’ve been . . . separated for about four months.”
Both looked at him expectantly, as if they were waiting for more, yet he wasn’t going to air his dirty laundry to strangers. Time to deflect. “How long have you two been together?”
There was brief pause and a quick exchange of glances. “We’ve been together about six years,” Liam answered. “Five years of bliss, even though sometimes she can act like a three-hundred-year-old witch.” He then winked at Jeff, threw his head back, and let out a hardy laugh.
Jeff joined in, but saw out of the corner of his eye that Adela didn’t find it funny in the least bit. She glared at Liam.
“That’s not a very nice thing to say about your wife, Liam!” Missy exclaimed, smiling again.
“Liam, do you remember our conversation at the restaurant this morning?” Adela asked as she got the knives out of the drawer.
He nodded his head, still smiling.
“Keep that forefront in your mind.”
As Jeff studied Adela, he tried to do the math. She couldn’t be any older than twenty. So if she and Liam were together for five years, that would put her at fifteen when they got together. That didn’t make any sense. Maybe Adela was one of those women who never looked her age. For all he knew, she could be close to thirty and was just blessed with really good genes.
The evening passed with light chatter. Jeff really enjoyed the company of his new neighbors, and he had always liked Missy. Even though Missy had been Sara’s friend, she hadn’t taken sides in the drama that had become his life. And, Sara had also cut all ties to Missy. Why he wanted her back, he couldn’t figure out. Maybe he was pining for the “old Sara,” the one who was happily married to a cop, and not the “new Sara,” who wanted culture and art and whatever the fuck else she had said. 
Turning back to Adela and Liam, Jeff realized he hadn’t seen them move in; it was like they had just suddenly appeared. He had been pulling some long shifts along with his time in the shrink’s office, so maybe they had slipped in then.
Their relationship was strange as well. Jeff couldn’t help but feel that when Liam pulled Adela close to him, it was forced, and he thought he saw Adela flinch when Liam kissed her forehead.
But again, he could be wrong. Maybe his own life was so messed up he was looking for fault in others.
“So where did you move from?” Missy asked.
Liam and Adela glanced at each other and then smiled. “We came from Montana,” Liam said. “A little town just outside of Butte. A little slice of the Old West is alive and well.”
Four hours later, Jeff was full, slightly buzzed, and ready for bed. “I’ve got to head home, guys,” he said, standing from the chair out on the deck. “I’ve got an early one tomorrow.”
“Me too,” Missy said. “Adela, let’s try to have lunch one day this week.”
“I’d love that. Thank you.”
They said their good nights, and Jeff walked down the hall to his apartment, waved at Missy, and prepared for the onslaught of memories and heartbreak that awaited him.

Chapter 18
The blood-curdling scream tore Liam from a deep slumber and had him staggering around his room looking for the door. His heart pounded, his breath was short, and somewhere in the back of his mind he was preparing himself to fight off the danger.
When he reached the hallway, he realized the screams were coming from Adela’s room. As he burst into the bedroom, he fully expected to see her fighting off an attacker, but instead she was fighting the demons that held her hostage in her dreams.
She thrashed around the bed, her fists flailing, her face contorted in fear.
“No!” she screamed.
Liam knew he had to wake her. He had to break the grasp of the nightmare.
“Adela!” he yelled, walking over to the bed and flipping on the bedside lamp. Grabbing one of her wrists, he took a foot to the gut and let out a curse. He grabbed her other hand and put his leg over the top of her thighs, noticing that she was wearing the purple nightgown again. When a knee came dangerously close to his groin, he decided he needed to concentrate on getting her thrashing under control and waking her from her torture instead of admiring those long legs.
Settling his weight on top of her, her head flailed, almost connecting with his chin. He pinned her hands between their bodies. “Dammit, Adela, wake up!”
Her movement slowed and her eyes fluttered open. “What are you doing?” she yelled as her eyes widened. He could feel her breath on his face as she spoke, and it was then he realized the intimacy of the situation.
“You were screaming like a wounded ‘roo, bucking and kicking like one, too.”
He rolled off her and settled on his back on the bed. “Good God, woman, you can sure put up a fight.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed her scrambling to get under the covers and allowed her to do so without his eyes roaming her body. Look at him being all respectful of her modesty. What a gentleman.
Once she had the sheet pulled up to her breasts, he turned to her and asked, “So what were you dreaming about?”
She ran her fingers through her hair, not meeting his gaze. “My death,” she mumbled. Her eyes frantically scanned the room, as if she was making sure her surroundings were real.
“Hmm . . . based on those screams, it must have been pretty awful.”
“Is there a pleasant death?”
Liam shrugged. “I don’t know. I think the ones who go quickly, like from a massive heart attack, or the ones who never knew it was coming are lucky. It’s the ones who suffer that I feel bad for.”
Adela stared at her hands for a moment. “Yes, I suppose you’re right.”
“So, I take it your death was pretty awful.”
She looked at him. “Yes, it was. I saw it coming.”
They sat in silence for a moment. “Well, since we’re both up, why don’t you tell me about it?” Liam asked.
Adela picked at her finger and shrugged. “You already know. I was hanged. They thought I was a witch.”
Liam rolled to his side and propped himself up on his elbow. “Yeah, I know that, but what happened? Why did they think you were a witch? What did you do?”
After a moment, Adela sighed and met his gaze. She sunk down into the pillows, pulled the sheet up further, and started talking.
She didn’t tell Liam about her marriage or her miscarriages. Her lost babies were a very private matter, one she didn’t feel comfortable sharing with him. Besides, he had asked about her death, not her life.
“Word spread quickly of my little hobby of working with herbs,” she said. “My parents weren’t happy, as I should have been concentrating on finding a husband—something I had no interest in doing—but they relented and allowed me to follow my passions.”
“The church elders burst into my house one night while my parents were visiting. It was so frightening—they were screaming and carrying torches,” she mumbled with a faraway look in her eye.
They accused her of witchcraft because a woman who had died after drinking some tea Adela had made. “They took me from my home and put me in a cell, like I was no better than a dog,” she said.
Liam tried to put himself in her position, but it was difficult. He knew nothing of being a twenty-year-old woman, and absolutely zero about being alive during the Puritan age.
The trial happened three days later. “There were a few tests that they performed that confirmed in their minds that I was a witch.”
“Like what?”
Adela turned her head and pulled back her hair, revealing a three-inch red birthmark that sat at her hairline behind her ear and ran a short distance down her neck. “They said this represented that I had been in communication with the devil and he had branded me.”
Liam scoffed. “That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
Adela gave him a small smile. “It gets better.”
They took a knife and pricked her finger, the reasoning being that if she didn’t scream or bleed, she was a witch. “The blade was dull. They might as well have tried to make me bleed with a spoon.”
“So you didn’t bleed or scream.”
Adela shook her head. “No, I didn’t.”
Liam couldn’t believe the utter stupidity or the barbarism involved in Adela’s trial. Her work with herbs, which were lessons from the Naumkeag tribe, also pointed in the direction of witchcraft, as the town leaders deemed anyone who did not believe in God as they did a follower of Satan.
“From my understanding, the Naumkeag people were very peaceful. We never had any trouble with them, anyway.”
Liam just shook his head, not knowing what to say.
“They performed one last test on me to confirm I was a witch.”
“And that was?”
They brought in a large scale and set a stack of Bibles on one side, and Adela was to lie on the other. “If I was heavier or lighter than the Bibles, I was a witch. If I weighed the same amount as the Bibles, I wasn’t.”
“What are the chances of that happening?”
“Slim to none. Needless to say, I obviously weighed more than the stack of Bibles. To put the icing on the cake, they also told me that my freakish height was also a sign that I had been in communication with Satan.”
“Your height?”
“Yes. There were very few men who stood at almost six feet tall, and no women.”
“Incredible.”
She was sentenced to hang, and that was when the anger overtook the fear. She had so much more living to do, and she was innocent. She went to church every day and prayed. She watched her actions and her tongue so that she didn’t sin. There wasn’t an evil bone in her body.
“I became . . . belligerent—yes, that’s a good word—when I found out that I had been deemed guilty. I found out that sarcasm and being mouthy were also signs of witchcraft.”
“What did your parents think?” Liam asked.
“They attended the trial, but not the hanging. They told me they loved me and believed in the goodness within me after I was convicted.”
While waiting for her punishment, there were three other women imprisoned who died in her cell. “The men were afraid to remove the bodies of the so-call witches, and the stench . . .”
Adela shivered, and Liam couldn’t help but reach out and take her hand. She looked surprised at the contact, but then gave him a small smile, as if she appreciated the gesture.
“When I was hanged, I wished more than anything that I was a witch, because I wanted to put a curse on everyone who watched me go to my death. I lashed out against God, screaming at the top of my lungs that I disavowed Him and His teachings, despising Him for letting this happen to me. I died with such great hate in my soul that I was almost sent to Hell.”
“That doesn’t seem very fair. I mean, you had been a good girl up until you were wrongly accused and tried as a witch.”
Adela nodded. “My heart was black, Liam. It was only because of the way I lived my life that I was allowed into Heaven. To make up for my indiscretions against the Creator, I was put in the role of Angel of Death until He deemed my heart was once again pure. It’s never gotten there.”
Liam thought of her as an Angel of Death: the nasty looks she gave him, her quiet, haughty nature, how she looked like she wanted to rip his heart out when he harassed her, not to mention her less-than-friendly approach to the souls that she delivered.
However, he didn’t blame her for being angry at her death. Being accused, tried, and punished for something you didn’t do was a hard pill to swallow.
Adela eyed him warily, as if she were waiting for him to say something about her story but really didn’t have much to contribute.
“What about your death, Liam? What happened?”
Liam rolled to his back and stared up at the ceiling. “There’s not much to tell, really. I was a firefighter who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Unless you want me to describe what burning flesh smells like and how it feels when your skin burn down to your bones.”
Adela inhaled sharply.
“I didn’t think so.”
Liam stood and stretched. “Death can be ugly. We both know that. We both experienced it, and we both have seen it—you obviously more than me.”
“Yes, it can be.”
Liam walked to the door. “G’night, Adela. I hope the rest of your sleep is peaceful.”
“Thank you, Liam. For waking me and for this . . . chat.”
She sat in the bed with the sheet pulled up to her breasts, her hair tangled around her shoulders. The nightlight cast a soft glow on her creamy, porcelain skin, and Liam decided at that second that she was the prettiest thing he had seen, and the blood in his body made a mad dash for his groin. However, he reminded himself, even though she had been around for over three hundred years delivering souls to their resting place, for all intents and purposes, she was a twenty-year-old virgin. And on that note, she was a twenty-year-old virgin from the Puritan era. Did twenty-year-old virgins even exist in this day and age? He didn’t know, but he guessed there weren’t too many.
Adela was off limits.
He smiled and shut the door.

Chapter 19
The next morning, Adela and Liam sat in the local café. The air was heavy with a wonderful smell of orange blossoms. She inhaled deeply, wondering if there was a bubble bath or body lotion with the same beautiful scent.
They sat close together, talking quietly so the other patrons would not hear what they were saying. Adela doubted that would be an issue though—most seemed very engrossed in their own table conversations based on the low-level buzz surrounding them. Neither had brought up their late-night chat this morning, which was fine with her.
She kept to herself in her angel role and had never spoken of her death in such detail as she did last night. It was cathartic to tell the full story and to have someone appreciate the anger and hostility she experienced. Because of this, she felt a connection with Liam that most certainly hadn’t been there before, and it was as if they were truly partners in saving Jeff. It felt right.
She almost felt as though she had lied or committed some other transgression by not telling Liam of her husband and lost children. She reminded herself he had asked about her death, not her life. Talking about her babies would be very difficult, even after all this time.
“Did you see the look on his face when Jeff spoke about his wife?” Adela asked, knowing that her face never glowed with love when she spoke of her husband hundreds of years ago.
“I did. He’s our guy, and she’s the one he’s supposed to be with.”
“How in the world are we going to manage this? Where do we find her? How do we bring them back together?”
Liam stared out at the street. “I don’t know,” he murmured. “I’m not above breaking and entering into his apartment so we can get more information.”
“For God’s sake he’s a police officer, Liam. That would be very stupid.”
Liam nodded. “I know. But what else are we supposed to do?”
They sat in silence for a moment.
Adela thought about Jeff’s tattoos peeking out of his T-shirt. They were on his biceps, and she wondered how far up they went. Did they cover his chest? His back? From what she could see, they were a swirl of color, but she couldn’t make out what they were.
“What do you think the tattoos meant?” she asked.
Liam shrugged. “Don’t know. Usually tattoos have a meaning to the person who wears them. Most of the time you don’t know the significance until you ask them.”
Adela’s mind wandered, wondering what type of tattoo she would get if she were so inclined. A woman in Puritan clothing? A picture of a noose? Angel wings? It was something to think about. What picture would she put on her body and what would it signify? What would it mean to her?
“We need to form a bond—a friendship. We need to earn his trust so that he confides in us,” Liam said.
She sipped her coffee, thankful for the sunglasses they had purchased yesterday. It made sitting outside much easier on the eyes.
“I agree. Jeff and Missy have been neighbors for a long time. I bet she can give us information on Jeff’s wife.”
“I think I’m going to have to step up to the plate here, Adela. I think this has to be a man-to-man thing. Maybe take him out to a club or pub. Have a few drinks to get him talking.”
Adela considered this. Would she be comfortable going out to a club? Probably not, even though she had been in many of them. She had delivered a soul who’d passed in the bathroom from a drug overdose in one club, and in another, there had been a knife fight where three people had died. Being in a club hadn’t been a big deal when she was an angel, but now that she was human she felt apprehensive. The assault of high-powered music, the smells, the crush of bodies . . . no, she wasn’t quite ready for that.
“I think you’re right,” she agreed. “This is something that you should take care of, man-to-man, as you say.”
Liam nodded and sipped his coffee.
“However, I feel the need to remind you that you aren’t an angel any longer.”
Liam grinned. Adela tried to see behind his sunglasses, but they were too dark. “Oh, I’m very aware of that.”
They sat in silence a while longer and Adela contemplated love. What did it feel like to be so miserable without another person in your life? What did love feel like? Did it make a person feel physically different? It was an emotion, so she suspected there was a fundamental change on that level.
She thought of her own marriage. It had been arranged, and it wasn’t something she had questioned, just something that needed to be done. No, she definitely hadn’t loved Edward, and she never felt anything like love from him. They had simply joined together because it was expected of them. Her parents’ marriage had been arranged as well, yet they seemed to like each other. But were they in love? She didn’t know. 
She vaguely remembered a friend of hers, Julia, who claimed to love her husband. There were stolen glances between them, and Adela witnessed a gentle caress of hands every now and then or when they thought no one was watching, a chaste kiss. Was that what being in love looked like? Two people holding hands? Kissing? Her parents did none of that in her presence.
Adela had certainly upheld her wifely duties, but had she enjoyed them? Perhaps “enjoyed” was too strong a word. Just like everything in her marriage, she tolerated the act.
She glanced over at Liam. She wanted to understand love, but she didn’t know where to go to for the answers. Then she remembered that Evangeline had said something about Liam being in love at one time.
“Tell me about when you were in love,” she said, taking a sip of coffee.
Liam stared out into the street, and after a moment he said, “Nothing to tell. I loved her, she loved me, she died, I didn’t.”
“What does that mean? That she died and you didn’t?”
He turned to her. “It means she died. I didn’t. We were in an accident together.”
Liam’s mouth was in a hard, straight line, and she wished she could see behind his glasses. She had a feeling his green eyes would be flashing in anger. But she pressed on.
“How did the accident happen?”
“I don’t like to talk about it, Adela. It was a long time ago and sometimes stuff is better left in the past.”
He turned back toward the street, and Adela knew she was right—he was definitely angry.
“I’m hundreds of years older than you, so it couldn’t have been that long ago, Liam,” Adela murmured.
Liam stared out into the street for a moment. “You’re right. It wasn’t long ago when you put it like that. In fact, it was so recent, it’s still painful.”
Adela stared at him for a moment and decided not to press it. She had just gotten a glimpse of something besides the obnoxious Aussie, something that told her there was more to Liam than met the eye.
“I’m sorry I upset you,” she said, playing with her coffee mug.
“You didn’t,” he bit out.
Ah, it certainly sounded as if she had done just that.
Adela’s thoughts went back to love and the emotions involved. Where could she find the answers she searched for? Glancing over at Liam, it was obvious she wasn’t going to get them from him.
Then she remembered seeing a sign down the street that pointed to a library. A library had books. Surely, they would have books on the subject that she could study. The more she studied the subject, the more effective she would be in her role as an Angel of Affection.
But she wasn’t going there with Liam. He seemed focused on the task, not wanting to share his experience with her. This would be a mission she completed on her own.
“I’m going to head back to the apartment,” she announced, standing, “but first I’m going to make a quick stop.”
“You sure you don’t want me to come with you?”
“Absolutely. Finish your coffee and I’ll see you back at the apartment shortly.”
Adela walked down the palm tree-lined streets and turned right. A block later she saw the sign for the library. It was a small building perfect for the small community. She went directly to the front counter and was greeted by a small gray-haired woman with a bright smile.
“How can I help you?”
Adela blushed, now feeling somewhat stupid about her inquiry. How did she tell this little, old woman that she was interested in learning about love?
“Um . . .”
“Yes?”
Perhaps she should take the Liam approach and just be blunt. “I’m interested in learning about love.”
The woman arched her eyebrows and stood. “Very well. Let me show you what we have, honey.”
Adela followed her through the stacks of books, marveling at all the words housed in the small building. She slowly traced her finger over the spines, seeing many different names and titles. So much creativity and hard work from so many different people left her feeling awed.
The woman stopped and ran her fingers over the book spines. “Here we go. Take a look at that, and if it’s not what you’re looking for, let me know and we’ll try something else.”
“Thank you for your help.”
“Of course, honey, that’s what I’m here for.”
Adela found a chair next to a window in quiet corner and opened the book. She read the first few pages and yawned. The sun filtering in through the window warmed her shoulders, making her feel like she needed a nap. She flipped ahead and saw all types of graphs with footnotes mentioning studies about brain function, along with pictures of the brain in different colors. It was a book about how the brain reacted when a person was in love, and although she supposed it could be interesting to the right person, it wasn’t for her. She was looking for something different, but she wasn’t sure what.
On her way back to the front desk, a book with the title, The Salem Witch Trials, caught her eye. She thumbed through the book, reading bits and pieces, her stomach coiling at the rudimentary drawings. She found the page where the “witches” were listed and she saw her name—Adela Bonner.
“Oh my word, I’m in a book,” she mumbled, both awed and angered as she recalled why.
Setting the book back on the shelf, she tried to focus. She was here to learn about love. She made her way to the front desk.
The woman smiled. “Not quite what you’re looking for?”
Adela smiled. “No. But frankly, I’m not certain what I’m looking for. I just want . . . I want to learn about love between two people. I’ve never been in love and I . . .”
The woman smiled and stood. “So you’re looking for something with a little more . . . zing?”
Nodding, Adela had no idea what zing was, but it had to be better than the book she had just leafed through.
“Follow me, honey.”
Back into the stacks of books they went, and the woman stopped at a wall with hundreds of books. Above them was a sign that said Romance.
“Love and romance always go together,” she said, patting Adela’s arm. “Pick a few. Do you have a library account?”
Adela shook her head, staring at all the books, feeling a little overwhelmed.
“Once you make your choice, come up to the front desk and I’ll get you set up with a library account.”
Adela stared at the books, unsure of what to pick. Finally, she randomly pulled five off the shelves and brought them up to the counter. A few minutes later, she was the proud owner of a library card and had a stack of books that would tell her about love. Perhaps she would finally understand it.

Chapter 20
Liam leaned against his apartment door, waiting for the sound of footsteps out in the hallway. He wanted to make it look like a surprise run-in with Jeff—an off-the-cuff meeting.
He’d met his other neighbors while trying to pull this off, and they were nice enough, but frankly, Liam was getting a little irritated. Where the hell was Jeff?
And if he were to be honest with himself, which he hated to do, the more time he spent with her, the more Adela was getting under his skin. At lunch he’d been a breath away from telling her about Annie. One breath. But he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t spill his guilt, and he couldn’t allow her into the carefully crafted façade he’d erected after Annie’s death.
When he looked at Adela, his feelings were similar to those he had of Annie. No, they weren’t as deep or profound, but he recognized them.
His chest clenched when he looked at Adela, and he couldn’t help but smile when she talked, even when she threatened to stab him.
Looking at her bedroom door, he wondered what the hell she was doing in there. He wanted to get away from her, and he wanted to be with her. He longed to tell her about Annie, but if he did, he would be letting her in, and that was something he promised himself would never happen.
Adela had come home with a bag of something and said she was going to her room. That was three hours ago, and she’d only come out once to get a glass of water. Frankly, she had looked a little shell-shocked. When he asked what was wrong, she simply looked him up and down and shook her head, saying she didn’t feel well. After downing the water in one long swallow, she returned to her room without another word.
Liam felt the need to escape for a while, to get away from this need to talk about his past to Adela, to avoid the connection with her that he so wanted. He thought maybe he could drag Jeff along with him. Sinking to the floor, he kept his ear to the door, as he was tired of looking through the peephole.
“C’mon, Jeff,” Liam muttered. “Where are you?”
Adela was changing, that he could plainly see. Removing her from the Angel of Death role and putting her in new situations where she was unsure of herself brought out a softer side. He couldn’t fathom how shocking it must all be for her. He imagined it was like watching a movie for a very long time and then suddenly being a part of it. You had an idea of what was going on, but to actually be in it would be jarring as all hell.
It was a little unsettling to him, and he’d only been dead five years. After three hundred years? Yeah, let the mind-fuck begin.
And he couldn’t say that he minded that softer side of her. Her hesitancy gave her an almost childlike quality, and gone was the tough-as-nails badass Angel of Death.
He had always thought she was pretty, and he enjoyed getting under her skin. But now he also liked the fact that they were working closely together for a common cause. He just hoped she wasn’t getting sick. She’d never hid in her room for this long.
And he hated the fact that he was thinking about her so much. He needed to escape for a while and get his mind off her.
A soft whistle accompanied footsteps up the stairs. Liam scrambled to his feet and opened the door, almost running directly into Missy. 
“Oh, hey, Missy!” he exclaimed, hoping not to sound too disappointed that she wasn’t Jeff.
“Hey, Liam. How’s it going?”
“Couldn’t be better. How about you?”
“Good. Tired. My boss was awful this week. I’m glad it’s Friday.”
Liam nodded, He doubted there were very few working people who were disappointed when Friday finally rolled around. He tried to look as though he were interested in what she had to say.
“Listen, I was looking for Jeff. I was thinking maybe we could have a boys’ night out. Have you seen him?”
Missy shook her head. “No, he works weekends, Liam. I think he’ll be home late tonight.”
Liam nodded. He was irritated and claustrophobic in the apartment. When he was alive, his motto had been, “keep moving.” As an angel, none of it really mattered, as he was so damn busy all the time. He didn’t do well with time on his hands as he had now. He needed to flee the feelings building within him.
“Thanks, Missy,” he said, and shut the door.
Adela entered the kitchen, and Liam noticed that her cheeks were flushed. She gave him a small smile that was like a lightning bolt directly to his heart and cock all at once. He was fine with the hit to the cock, but not the heart. He needed to get out of here.
“I think I’m going to take off for a while, Adela.”
She nodded. “Okay.”
“Do you want to go with me? I was thinking of heading into downtown Phoenix.” He willed her to say no. Please say no. Please. He was only trying to be polite.
“No, thank you. I’m fine here.”
Liam nodded. “I’m just going to change.”
He went into his room and pulled on some clean jeans, a white T-shirt, and some boots. He grabbed a leather jacket, ran his fingers through his hair, and headed back to the living room. Adela must be back in her room. He turned and went down the hallway and knocked on her door. “Adela?”
“Yes? What?” she called, sounding a little shaken. He heard a thud and some scurrying around. “Everything okay in there?”
“Fine.”
What the hell was she doing?
The door opened. She nervously smiled, pushed her hair back behind her ear, and smoothed the front of her shirt.
“You sure you’re okay?”
“Yes, Liam.”
Liam nodded, noting the flush again on her cheek and her large brown eyes that seemed to bore into his soul. It was the same look that Annie used to give him. When Annie gazed at him, his heart turned gooey. When Adela did, he felt very uncomfortable and the definite need to run.
“Make sure you lock the door behind me.”
“Yes, I will.”
Liam walked to the bus stop and waited, wishing the powers-that-be in Heaven who had set this whole thing up had provided them with a car. He hated public transportation.
The bus rolled up and Liam got on, paid, and sat down. As the world slowly went by, his thoughts returned to Adela.
What was it about Adela that affected him so much? Was it because she was innocent to this world and he felt protective of her? Or was it truly a serious attraction? He had never let go of his feelings for Annie, and he didn’t understand why Adela was always on his brain now.
A half hour later, he sighed as the bus pulled up to the depot downtown. Liam got off and decided he would explore downtown Phoenix, see what the clubs and bars had to offer, and hopefully take his thoughts off Annie, Adela, and his need to run away from his memories and his overwhelming reality.

Chapter 21
Jeff pulled up to the Black Cuff, a nightclub in Phoenix, and sighed. The ambulance would be here shortly to take another drug overdose to the hospital. From what the 911 call said, at least this one was coherent.
The club had a reputation as the place to go to do drugs and get laid, and maybe dance if you could get past the drugs and sex.
As he walked in, loud techno-music assaulted his ears, the lights pulsating to the beat revealing walls covered in multi-colored paint splatters glowing under the black lights. He took in the scene in front of him and another officer stepped up next to him.
“Hey, Jeff.”
“Hi, Matt.”
Three large men all wearing sunglasses passed them and headed for the door.
“Did you see the size of those guys?” Matt asked.
Jeff nodded. “Hate to have to tangle with them.”
“No shit.”
“Let’s head to the back office,” Jeff said. “That’s where the OD is.”
The sea of bodies moved in sync to the music on the dance floor. With the lights flashing, it looked like one large beast with an upset stomach writhing around.
Scantily clad waitresses scurried around with full trays, hustling to get the drinks to the patrons. He’d been in the club three times before but had never seen drugs out in the open. There was a couple in the far corner that looked a little too cozy, but you could see that in any club.
As he approached the hallway that led to the back office, he did a double take and stopped in his tracks. He rubbed his eyes just to be certain of what he was seeing.
No, he wasn’t imagining anything.
Liam was sandwiched in a booth between two women—a brunette and a redhead—and it didn’t look like he was minding it at all. In fact, it looked like he was enjoying it.
Son of a bitch.
Jeff tried to cut him some slack. Maybe it was a sister and her friend? But when the brunette gave him a less-than-sisterly kiss and the redhead’s hand disappeared under the table, he was certain he was seeing Liam cheating on Adela.
Jeff’s anger boiled, his fists clenching at his sides.
“Come on, Jeff,” Matt yelled over the music. “Whatever you’re looking at isn’t as important as the OD in back.”
Jeff nodded and tried to focus. He had a job to do, and it really wasn’t any of his business if his neighbor cheated on his wife, was it?
But was Adela Liam’s wife? He distinctly remembered Liam saying they’d been together five years. This shit was just flat-out wrong. Was cheating on Adela something that Liam did on a frequent basis? Or maybe they had one of those open relationships? 
Jeff was an old-fashioned type of guy. Once you were married, that was it. There wasn’t any straying from the relationship, and watching Liam suck the lipstick off the brunette wasn’t working for him at all. Of course, thoughts of Sara were never far away, and his own pain from being deceived lanced through him.
Fifteen minutes later, the ambulance arrived and hauled the OD guy away. As Jeff left, he scanned the area for Liam but didn’t see him. He said good-bye to the bouncer and manager, then went out into the night. The air held a bit of a chill, but summer was right around the corner and soon that chill would disappear.
As he slid into his car, he saw Liam and the brunette catching a cab across the street. He could make out their silhouettes in the backseat, their lips locked and arms entangled around each other. Jeff thought about following them and talking to Liam about what he was doing, but really, was it Jeff’s place to stop him? No, it wasn’t. It was Liam’s life, and if he wanted to fuck it up, then that was his prerogative. But Jeff didn’t need to stand around and watch it happen.
Anger surged through him. Liam had a perfectly wonderful woman at home, and here he was with his tongue halfway down some chick’s throat.
It was not cool.
He started the car and slammed it into gear. The darkness within him seemed to be getting worse, surging to the surface. He hoped he would find a drunk and disorderly that became Taser-worthy, because he really wanted to beat the shit out of someone.
As for Liam, he could make his own bed and get laid in it.

Chapter 22
Adela set the book on the bed and looked at the cover. A bare-chested man embraced a woman with his hands up the back of her shirt.
“A page-turning passion-igniting ride!” the cover declared.
Her idea of reading up on love at the library had turned into more of an education than she had bargained for. 
The first book was about a soldier and the woman he loved. The conflict between them brought tears to her eyes, as she could almost feel the emotional heartbreak coming off the pages. When the couple got back together, Adela’s heart pounded and her eyes widened at the words on the pages. She spread her legs and as he entered her, his arousal thick and long, he filled her, stretching her, making her feel complete.
In her marriage, sex had never been like was described in these books. Was it even possible? Could sex really be like that? The descriptions of the intimacy and pleasure during the act left her breathless.
After the first book, she had needed a glass of water. Her body hummed, her heart pounded, and she had been surprised to see Liam in the living room.
“Everything okay, Adela?” he had asked.
She looked him up and down, wondering what he looked like naked, and if his body was capable of bringing the pleasure to a woman that was described in the books. She had looked upon her husband’s naked form and had also delivered many naked men to Heaven as not everyone died with their clothes on. But, for some reason, Liam had piqued her curiosity. “Yes. I’m fine. I just need some water.”
“What are you doing in there?”
“I’m just . . . lying down.”
She had returned to her room and shut the door. Liam had knocked a little while later letting her know that he was going out. Adela read another book. She was excited, horrified, and curious at what she read, and she simply couldn’t put it down.
Picking up the book, she fingered through the pages. His lips moved over the column of her neck and then down to her breast where his tongue swirled her nipple, bringing it to a hardened peak. She groaned at the pleasure as his fingers slipped into her wet center. “You’re so ready for me,” he said through gritted teeth.
What would that be like? To have the sexual act make her groan in pleasure?
Adela looked at the clock. It was 2:00 a.m., and Liam still wasn’t home. She was beginning to worry a little but kept telling herself that he knew the ways of this world and would be fine. Hopefully, he was busy getting the scoop on Jeff’s wife and where she could be found.
Adela didn’t feel tired but felt she needed to try to sleep.
She set all the books on her side table and turned off the light. The purple silk nightgown caressed her skin. She ran her hands down her belly and over her hipbones. Bringing them to her breasts, she slowly traced over the silk until her nipples hardened.
What would it be like to have a man touch her the way she was touching herself and to really enjoy it? According to her upbringing, what she was doing was sinful, but it didn’t feel that way. Part of her recoiled at her question, but another part was curious. Would it be like it was in the books? Or were those books just what they said: fiction?
Was it possible for a man to make a woman scream in ecstasy? To make her body tremble? To feel such a deep-seated connection with another human that you expressed the love in a physical manner?
For some reason, Liam’s face kept appearing in her mind, and she imagined him hovering over her, bringing his mouth to her breast, lingering there for a moment and then passionately moving his lips over hers.
Tears formed in her eyes as she reminded herself that she was dead and she would never have the answers to her questions. Even though she was currently living as a human again, it would be useless to even go looking for love. Eventually, this assignment would end, and she would most likely go back to her job as an Angel of Death. She couldn’t allow her heart, or anyone else’s, to go through a terrible situation such as that.
But what if it was just sex?
She quickly dismissed the thought. She didn’t want “just sex”; she wanted the lovemaking that came when two people cared deeply for each other, where their affection knew no bounds.
Wiping her eyes, she rolled over and waited for sleep to come.

Chapter 23
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Liam knew that what he was doing was wrong. He shouldn’t be at Grace’s apartment pushed up against the door, and he certainly shouldn’t be letting her take off his shirt. He shouldn’t be caressing her breasts, and he certainly shouldn’t be thinking about condoms.
But he was.
He also knew that he should stop this nonsense, but damn, it felt good, and he had too much tequila rolling through his veins to care about the consequences—if there even were any. Nowhere did he remember a lecture from Evangeline about abstaining from sex. All that concerned him was getting naked and rubbing up against this woman.
Grace ran her fingers through his hair as he unsnapped her black bra, pulling her closer so their bodies pressed together. Their mouths moved over each other urgently. There wasn’t any love involved in this; there was simply a need to be physical with another being, an attraction to be sated.
She took his hand and led him over to the brown couch, pulling him down on top of her. They kissed a while longer, and her hand snaked down to his erection, squeezing him through his jeans. He groaned and decided enough was enough. It was time to get down to business.
Standing, he undid his belt buckle and let his jeans and boxers fall to the carpet. He reached down and unbuttoned her pants, pulling them along with her pink silky underwear over those legs that seemed to go on for miles, just like Adela’s.
He stopped, surprised. Why the hell was Adela making an appearance in his thoughts during a time like this?
Shaking his head, he lowered himself down, kissing Grace again, and reveling in the softness and warmth of her skin.
“Condoms are in the side table behind us,” Grace whispered. So, the lady was prepared and had obviously done this a time or two.
He got to his knees and found the condoms in the drawer. He slipped one on, his breathing heavy with anticipation, his head swimming in an alcohol haze. Sliding into Grace, he cursed and began pumping into her as her legs wrapped around his waist.
She was hot, slick, and he knew he wasn’t going to last long. Hell, it had been five years and it felt so good. After all, he was only a mere mortal.
No, he wasn’t a mere mortal; he was an angel. An angel who was supposed to be doing a job to save mankind, not get his rocks off with some random chick named Grace who he didn’t find all that attractive. He preferred blondes, and he thought of running his fingers through Adela’s long, flowing hair.
What the hell was wrong with him? 
He lost some of his enthusiasm for the act with Adela haunting his thoughts but continued the motions.
“Harder,” Grace demanded, so he obliged, his hips pumping, his orgasm closing in on him.
“Harder!” she yelled, her nails digging into the flesh of his back. He was certain she was drawing blood. And if he went any harder, he was going to fuck her right into the floor beneath the couch.
He sat up, bringing her with him. “You go as hard as you want, love,” he murmured as he put her on his lap. He looked up into her face and saw that she wasn’t as attractive as she had been at the club. Shutting his eyes, he tried to fantasize about someone—anyone else—but all that came to mind was Adela. 
Grace screwed him good and hard, then collapsed against him as her center milked his length. His orgasm wasn’t nearly as good as hers, but what did he expect when he was wishing he were having sex with one woman while screwing another?
Sighing, he pulled her down next to him on the couch, hoping like hell she didn’t tell him to leave. He was exhausted and needed to sleep.
In a few minutes, he heard her soft snores, and he shut his eyes letting the exhaustion overtake him.
Chapter 24
“Adela, wake up.”
Adela slowly came to consciousness, her eyelids still heavy. She didn’t want to wake up, so she rolled over.
“Adela, please.”
Then she realized it was Evangeline’s voice. What was she doing here?
She forced her eyes open and met the angel’s gaze, the sun just barely filtering through the blinds. It was early morning. “What’s going on?”
Evangeline looked worried. Her brow furrowed as her white wings created a breeze throughout the room. “It’s Liam. Where is he?”
Adela sat up, rubbing her eyes. “He should be in his room.”
“He’s not.”
“Well, I don’t know. He went out last night.”
“He’s not here, Adela.”
A cold stone settled in Adela’s chest. Where had Liam gone? She threw back the covers and got out of bed, suddenly awake. “What do we do, Evangeline? Can’t you find him?”
Evangeline shook her head. “I can locate angels, but he’s technically human. I can’t locate a human.”
Adela stared at the angel a moment, then saw the stack of books on her nightstand. A slow blush crept into her cheeks, and she hoped Evangeline wouldn’t notice them.
“Let’s go to the living room,” she said, hoping the angel would follow. She felt as though she had to busy herself and decided to make some coffee.
“That nightgown looks lovely on you,” Evangeline noted. 
Her cheeks burned even more as she looked down at the slip of purple silk. “I . . . I found it in one of the drawers.”
“It’s a wonderful color for your complexion.”
“I should go change,” Adela said, hitting the brew button.
Just then, the door opened and Liam stepped in, looking worse for wear. He stopped and stared at Adela with heat in his eyes, his hand clenched at his side. She wanted to run so he couldn’t look at her any longer, but a small part of her enjoyed his eyes grazing over her form, studying her. Feeling powerful and beautiful, she met his gaze. His eyes raked over her body, longing shone in his gaze. It was as if she had suddenly been transported into one of the books she’d read.
“Where have you been?” Evangeline demanded, breaking the spell.
Liam held Adela’s stare a beat longer, then turned to Evangeline. “I was . . . out.”
Evangeline narrowed her eyes on him. “Where have you been all night, Liam?”
“I just told you . . . out,” he snapped, shutting the door and heading for the kitchen. “Do I smell coffee, Adela?”
“Yes,” Adela whispered.
“Liam, stop right where you are,” Evangeline ordered.
Adela could see Evangeline was angry, and Liam must have sensed it as well, because he did what he was told.
“I need to know what events have transpired, Liam. And if I can’t get the truth out of you, then I will be forced to head back to Heaven and read the History Scrolls to find out for myself. I would much rather have a trusting work relationship with you, but I need to be kept up-to-date on what has happened. If you remember, what occurs on this mission affects all of us.”
“What’s a History Scroll?” Adela asked.
“Every move, thought, and feeling of a human’s life is recorded,” Evangeline explained. “You are both now living as humans, and so once again, you are back on the scrolls.”
Adela thought she heard Liam curse under his breath, but she wasn’t sure.
“Fine. I went downtown. I got smashingly pissed on tequila, and went home with a woman named Grace. Now, can I please get my coffee?”
Adela felt as though he had just physically hit her, and the air rushed from her lungs. Tears stung her eyes as she thought of how childish she had been. Reading those books and putting Liam in the leading role as her seducer had been stupid. Becoming emotionally attached to those thoughts was ridiculous. He was Liam, and he would never find her, a three-hundred-year-old witch, as he liked to call her, attractive.
And, it didn’t matter because they were both dead. They were angels who had an important mission. She shouldn’t have let what was written in those silly books spark her imagination, regardless of her longing to know what being in love entailed.
Liam sunk into the couch and sipped his coffee. “This tastes good. Did you make this, Adela?”
She nodded, suddenly not feeling powerful or sexy, but naked and ridiculous. “Yes,” she mumbled. “Excuse me, please.”
Rushing down the hall and into the bedroom, she quietly closed the door and took a deep breath. She needed to get her angel game-face back on and realize that nothing would happen between her and Liam. Yes, she had needed him to show her the ways of this world, and she would probably need him in the future. She could now work the microwave, the coffeemaker, and the oven, but she was certain that there were things she wasn’t going to understand, and Liam, as her partner, would be there to help her.
But that was as far as it was going to go.
She walked over to the nightstand and stared at the pile of books. Longing tore at her heart: she wanted what the women on those pages had. They had men who adored them, who would walk to the end of the earth through cut glass for them, and made them tingle with waves of pleasure. She would never have that.
“Damn you,” she cursed the books, and shoved them into the bag. She fell to her knees, pushed them under the bed, then got up and grabbed some sweatpants and a sweatshirt from a dresser drawer.
Inhaling deeply, she made a promise to herself that she wouldn’t allow her focus on their task to shift again. She stepped out into the hallway and closed the door.
 “I can’t believe you’ve done this, Liam,” Evangeline fumed as Adela came down the hall. “You’ve left us very little choice.”
“I wasn’t thinking, Evangeline. Let me just talk to him.”
Adela sat on the loveseat kitty-cornered to Liam. She avoided his gaze. “What’s happened, Evangeline? What has Liam done?”
Evangeline met her gaze. “First, I’ve confirmed that Jeff is indeed our target, which is the good news. Last night Jeff was at the same club as Liam. I checked his scroll before I came down. I’m not certain, but my guess is that Jeff saw Liam with another woman and now thinks Liam has cheated on his beautiful wife, which would be you. He’s angered over it because he is a man of substance who would never think of doing such a thing.”
“Look, I already told you, I wasn’t thinking,” Liam moaned, closing his eyes and rubbing his head. “Just let me think about this. There has to be an answer.”
“The darkness in Jeff is very profound this morning,” Evangeline said. “I’m afraid we’re going to lose him to it.”
“Well then, why don’t you go check the scrolls and find out where his damn wife is so we can get them back together?” Liam asked.
“Because that’s not the way it’s supposed to work!” Evangeline exclaimed, her voice a high-pitched trill. “You two have been tasked to this mission for a specific reason. It’s my job to oversee it.”
Adela studied Liam. He winced at Evangeline’s voice as though he was in pain, and she wondered if it was from the alcohol he had consumed. She couldn’t help but feel her own agony, as though he had really cheated on her, which was silly. They were simply playing roles—this wasn’t real life. Their real existence was not of this earth.
“I’ll take care of it,” Liam bit out.
“Very well,” Evangeline said, “but I’m afraid that you’ve completely blown this mission. If Jeff is upset because of your actions, how is he going to trust you? To confide in you? How is him ignoring you going to help further our assignment? We need information, Liam, and I hope you haven’t cut off our source.”

Chapter 25
Driving home last night, Jeff had been beyond angry. It had taken everything he had not to knock on Adela’s apartment door and tell her about her husband, partner, or whatever he was to her, being a lying, cheating son of a bitch. She deserved so much better than Liam. But, once again, he decided it wasn’t his place to meddle in others’ affairs. Instead, he had gone home, stretched out on the couch, and tried to sleep. As he tossed and turned, he decided that he would up his chiropractic appointments to three times a week.
He was pathetic. He should just move out of the apartment and start over. Everything in here reminded him of Sara, and he couldn’t even sleep in the bed. However, the fact of the matter was that in the deepest recesses of his heart, he hoped that Sara would come back to him, and he wanted to be where she could find him. Because he was a police officer, his address was redacted from public records. If he moved, there would be no way for Sara to find him again if she ever decided to look.
As sleep overtook him, his dreams took him back to a time when they were happy together. They had enjoyed taking hikes up Camelback Mountain on crisp fall mornings, and heading up to the San Francisco Peaks in Northern Arizona on sweltering summer days to escape the heat. They were content to spend a lazy afternoon making love and dozing, and they both enjoyed the Coyotes hockey games. Sara knew all the players and would whoop it up at games louder than anyone. He missed seeing her happy.
The dreams were vivid, and he could feel her soft skin, smell her lavender shampoo, and hear her light and airy laugh. The happiness in his heart brought tears to his eyes. When he awoke in the morning to the cold, harsh reality of his life, he felt the blackness of sadness engulf him. That was the thing with those types of dreams: they were wonderful while they lasted, but when consciousness came, the pain could be overwhelming, the feeling of loss worse than when he went to bed.
He tried to exercise the demons away, but it seemed that no matter how many push-ups or sit-ups he did, they gripped his heart like a vise. It was anger, heartbreak, and depression all rolled into one ugly fuck-all. The ugliness was growing within him, and he didn’t know how much more he could take, but he didn’t know what else to do but wait and hope that Sara would return.

Chapter 26
Liam’s hangover was epic.
As he sat on the couch, both Evangeline and Adela eyeing him, he felt like a boy who had just been chastised by the nuns. He half-expected his knuckles to be rapped with a ruler, or maybe thrown into a volcano as a sacrifice.
Last night had been a mistake. He knew that before he passed out, as well as this morning when he’d snuck out of Grace’s apartment and hailed a cab. He felt bad about it on many different levels. Grace deserved better treatment, and if Jeff had seen him, he had blown his cover as a married man. He also felt bad for Adela, but why, he didn’t understand. But what was done was done, and he was all about fixing mistakes instead of dwelling on them.
“You need to figure out your next step,” Evangeline snapped.
“Well, can I get my wings back?” Liam asked. “I’ll go into Jeff’s apartment and snoop around.”
Evangeline took a deep breath and shut her eyes. A moment later, she opened them and looked directly at Liam. If looks could kill . . .
“Liam, you must play by the rules. You cannot set your own. I laid them out specifically for you when we began this a few days ago. You have parameters that you must stay within in order for this to work. You are to live as a human, and humans don’t have wings!”
Liam nodded. He had never been big on rules and parameters, preferring to go through life making up his own, especially after Annie’s death. After she died, he had closed up on himself, eaten by guilt and self-hatred. It had become very apparent to him that if he actually contemplated his life, he would self-destruct. Deciding the best way to avoid this, he simply lived fast and hard, relying on booze and women to mute his loneliness and act as a distraction from his inner ugliness.
His time as an angel allowed for very little wiggle room, and even if he wanted to break to the rules, he couldn’t. He thought back to Roy and the Cuban cigar. Sure, he had wanted to smoke that bad boy down to the stub, but it was physically impossible. The restraints of being an angel had kept him in line. Give him a few inches of freedom—like being able to enjoy a beer, feeling the sun on his face, and the taste of a good steak—and he had taken a mile.
He bet someone upstairs was not happy with him at all.
Sighing, he stood up. “I’m going to lay down. I’m no good in the condition I’m in. When I wake up, I’ll get it figured out.”
“Liam—“
“Evangeline, I’m sorry, okay? I fucked this up, and I get that. But I can’t think right now, so please, just let me go lie down for a while.”
Evangeline’s wings unfolded. “Very well.”

Chapter 27
There was a knock on the door and Jeff had a feeling it was Liam. He didn’t know why he thought that. It could be Missy or a buddy from the force. Maybe he thought it was Liam because he’d been thinking about him for a good chunk of the day, and part of him hoped it was the cheating bastard so he could connect his fist with the Aussie’s face.
Upon further thought, he wasn’t expecting anyone, so unless the Jehovah’s Witnesses were ignoring the No Soliciting sign on the front door of the lobby and had decided to spread the Word, there was no one else it could be.
Unless it was Liam.
He didn’t want to see Liam. The depression from the dreams of the night before still held on, as did the anger of what Liam had done to Adela. 
The knock sounded again.
Jeff got up from the couch, went to the door, and opened it. He had been right—it was Liam.
He didn’t say anything, just stared at him. Liam had deep circles under his bloodshot eyes, and if his wet hair was any indication, he had just gotten out of the shower.
“Can I come in?”
Jeff shook his head and tried to close the door. “No. In fact, let’s just part friends.”
Liam sighed, stuck his foot out to keep the door open, and put his hands on his hips. “Look, I get that you’re angry at me, but things aren’t what they seem, Jeff. Please, just let me come in and explain.”
What wasn’t as it seemed? He really didn’t want anything to do with Liam, and he actually felt like giving him an old-fashioned ass whooping for what he did last night.
He stepped aside, his anger rising.
Liam walked in, closed the door, then Jeff slammed Liam into the wall, feeling the darkness rising in him. Liam winced and shut his eyes. Jeff guessed his brain was rattling around a little bit.
“What you did last night was flat-out wrong,” he hissed, holding Liam by the shirt collar. He wanted to let go, but the darkness within him surged, and, honestly, what he really wanted to do was hit Liam. His anger didn’t surprise him; he just hoped he could keep it in check. “You have no idea how fucking lucky you are to have that beautiful wife at home, and you start messing around with some skank in a bar? The Black Cuff of all places?”
Liam opened his eyes. “Look, I’m here to help you, Jeff. What I do isn’t your concern or your business.”
Jeff let up a little. What did Liam know of his troubles? “How are you supposed to help me? You don’t even know me!”
“And you don’t know me. But that doesn’t mean I can’t help you. I want to help you with your wife. With Sara.”
Jeff felt his anger kick up a notch. Liam wanted to help him with Sara? A guy who couldn’t keep it in his pants when he had a beautiful wife at home? A guy who was the very thing that had broken up Jeff’s marriage to begin with?
He backed up and glared at Liam. Liam took a step forward and gave Jeff a hard shove in the chest, making him stagger a few steps and hit the kitchen table. “And back off. I don’t take nicely to force,” Liam growled as he headed into the living room and sat down on the couch. 
Jeff felt the blackness rise and swirl within him and fought to maintain control. Visions of getting his service revolver and putting twelve holes in Liam flashed in his mind. Hoping to clear the thoughts, he shook his head, followed Liam, and sat down on the opposite end of the couch.
“You’re right, Liam,” Jeff said. “Last night doesn’t concern me, but I don’t want anything to do with you from now on. Do you understand me?”
Liam shook his head. “The tequila got the best of me last night. I made a mistake. I take care of my actions and their consequences. And Adela is not my wife.”
Jeff stared at Liam. Yeah, he looked a little worse for wear, but he was dead serious in this conversation.
“So she’s your longtime girlfriend. Significant other. It doesn’t matter what you call her—what you did was wrong.”
“I know.”
“Did you tell Adela what you did, or did you make up some lie?”
“She knows.”
“And?”
Liam shrugged. “It’s something we’ll work through.”
Jeff couldn’t believe it. Maybe Adela was one of those dependent women who put up with her lover because she simply didn’t have the strength to leave him. He’d seen it dozens of times when responding to domestics: the woman wouldn’t press charges even though she was a bruised-up mess. No, Jeff didn’t think Liam was the type to get physical with her, but maybe he messed with her psychologically.
“But we need to talk about Sara,” Liam continued. 
For some reason, the red flag on Jeff’s internal radar went up. Although he didn’t know where Sara was—and she had just about broken him—he was very protective of her.
And what did he really know about Liam and Adela? Not much. He knew there was something off about them, that they just appeared out of nowhere and had taken a great interest in him. For all he knew, Sara and her new dumb-fuck professor boyfriend were into something illegal and they owed money to Liam. The thought made his blood run cold. He would go to his grave before he let anything happen to Sara.
“Why do you want to know? Why are you so interested in her?”
Liam leaned forward and rubbed his face. “We need to find her, Jeff. Do you know where she is?”
Jeff mimicked Liam and leaned forward as well. “No, you don’t need to find her,” he snarled. “Not unless you tell me what for.”
“It’s important, Jeff. It’s about the two of you. I can’t really go into it, but we need to locate her.”
Jeff felt his anger rise again, the darkness swirling within him. He wasn’t about to drop the dime on Sara, and the fact that Liam wasn’t very forthcoming on what he wanted with her made him see black.
“Fuck you, Liam.”

Chapter 28
“What did he say?” Adela asked when Liam returned from Jeff’s apartment. She had wondered if they’d come to blows when she heard a loud thump from next door, but it seemed Liam was fine. There wasn’t any blood, so that was a good sign.
“Fuck you.”
“Excuse me?” she asked. Why in the world was he talking to her that way?
“That’s what he said.”
“So you aren’t directing that at me?”
“No.” He sprawled out on the couch and shut his eyes.
“That doesn’t sound like it went well.”
“You’re right. It didn’t. But I did see a picture of her.”
“What does she look like?”
Liam shrugged. “Brown hair.”
“That’s it? That’s all you remember is the color of her hair?”
“She had sunglasses on in the picture. I couldn’t see much more. It was of Jeff and her.”
There was a beat of silence.
“So what now, Liam?”
He sighed and met her gaze. “I don’t know. I’m hungry, though, and maybe we can watch a movie.”
Adela had never watched a movie. Well, maybe she had. Maybe the past three hundred years had been one long movie that she was now a part of. Maybe it would be nice to take time out of her role and become an observer of some other drama for a while.
Every new experience seemed to bring a memory of a death. Using the toilet for the first time, her fear of the stove she didn’t know how to work. Now, with the movie idea, it reminded her of another death, and she sat down on the chair across from the couch.
“I once delivered the soul of a very famous movie actor. Well, that’s what he told me he was, anyway.”
“Really? Who?”
Adela shrugged. She couldn’t remember his name to save her life. “It was in the 70s, I believe. Perhaps the early 80s. Anyway, he had a heart attack on the middle of a movie set and died instantly. I kept telling him to get in the portal, and he kept screaming at me, ‘Do you know who I am’? It was quite a fight.”
“What did he look like?”
Brown hair, brown eyes, about five foot nine . . .”
“Sounds like all the men in Hollywood.”
Adela nodded. It did seem that a lot of them were interchangeable.
“What was the craziest death you ever worked, Adela?”
She thought back. So many deaths; so many causes. What was the strangest death she had delivered to the Fringe? Was it the man who fell into the wood chipper? Perhaps the drunken woman who had fallen into her pool, dragged herself out, only to be bitten by a rattlesnake and unable to get to a phone and call for help? Or maybe it was the thief who locked himself in a coffin and suffocated overnight while trying to rob the mortuary?
She sighed. One death had always stuck out in her mind, and she blushed whenever she thought of it.
“Well?” Liam asked. “God knows you’ve probably seen every way a person could die. What was the weirdest?”
She took a deep breath. “It was in March of 1972 in San Francisco, California. There were two men who were . . . being intimate. One of them was hanging from the rod in the closet by a belt while the other man was . . . well, he was on his knees in front of him. The man hanging in the closet—his name was Peter Burns—died.”
“Autoerotic asphyxiation,” Liam said, glancing over at her.
“Yes, that’s the term.”
“I don’t know if that would be a good way to go or a bad way. I mean, the guy went out having a good time.”
Adela had never thought of it that way. The death had always bothered her.
“So why was it so strange for you? It obviously stuck to with you since you remember the who, where and when of the event.”
Liam was right. It had remained with her, the details vivid in her mind. “I thought that was so strange as I had been hung, and I found nothing arousing about it, and this man was hanging himself intentionally.”
Liam stared at her a moment and nodded. “I can understand that.”
Adela felt very uncomfortable at the topic of someone getting excited by the way she was killed, and she looked at the floor, her hands fidgeting in her lap. “What about you, Liam? What has been your strangest death?”
He sighed and stared at the blank television for a moment. “Obviously, I don’t have as much history as you to choose from.”
Adela studied his face. He was a handsome man, with his strong jawline and intense green eyes. She again imagined his full lips gently kissing the column of her neck, and she felt a coil in her lower belly. She looked down at her hands again, her cheeks burning. No matter how hard she tried to ignore it, she was attracted to Liam. Not only was he handsome, but he had stepped into the role of protector to her as she tried to get a grasp on being human again. She also enjoyed their little talks, like this one. Although she wished he would be more forthcoming on the details of his life, she liked talking to him about anything. They were sharing experiences, and she was learning more about him.
“I’d have to say that poor bastard in Africa who was stomped by an elephant. That’s as far out there as I’ve seen. Usually people die from cancer, heart attacks, car accidents, or murder . . . regular mundane stuff. But that elephant death . . . man. That was brutal.”
Adela nodded. “I once had to witness a tiger maul a woman. I believe it was in Siberia.”
“I bet that was nasty,” Liam comment.
“Very much so.”
There was a beat of silence, and Liam chuckled. “You know, here we are very much alive and we’re talking about death.”
Adela cocked her head and looked at him. “You aren’t willing to talk about your life, Liam. I really know so very little about you.”
Liam turned his head and gave her a sad smile. “Well, maybe one day. I’m not exactly proud of the last years of my life, Adela.”
Adela smiled. “I would like to hear about them anyway,” she said.
The tension in her belly grew tighter, and the air seemed to change in the apartment. There was some type of energy flowing throughout the room, and she briefly looked around to see if Evangeline had come back. When she met Liam’s gaze again she recognized the longing in his eyes.
He wanted her.
She wondered if he would lean over and kiss her if she was sitting closer. What would that lead to? Would they end up in bed together?
Liam looked away and cleared his throat. “Are you ready for the movie?” he asked in a husky voice.
“Okay,” she answered as she stood and stretched, thankful for the break in the tension. She went to the kitchen and poured a glass of water. “A movie sounds good. What should we watch?”
Liam sat up and grabbed the remote. “Something mindless. Something easy to watch. Something fun.” A few minutes of silence passed as he sped through the channels. “Here we go. Iron Man. Perfect.”

Chapter 29
“I’m so happy we could get together like this, Adela,” Missy gushed from across the table. They were having lunch at a bistro café in the adjoining town of Goodyear. They huddled in a small table in the corner of the restaurant eating cold pumpkin soup and a salad. Adela decided that she really, really liked Ranch dressing.
Adela sipped her iced tea. The taste made her eyes water, so she followed Missy’s example and poured in three packets of sugar. Tasting it again, she loved the sweetness and smiled. “I’m glad we could as well, Missy.”
Adela really liked Missy. Her smile was so bright it reminded her of the sun. Missy was like a little tornado of happiness, spreading grins wherever she went.
They had discussed movies, which had been a difficult conversation as the last movie Adela saw with Liam the other night was apparently considered old. Adela had to laugh when Missy told her that it had been made in 2008. If Missy considered that old, Adela was downright prehistoric. 
They discussed celebrity gossip, and, thankfully, Adela was a little more knowledgeable on that subject. It was hard to ignore the tabloids in the grocery store and on people’s coffee tables. She hadn’t been in very many grocery stores, but thousands upon thousands of homes.
“So do you think she got pregnant on purpose?” Missy asked with a glint in her eye. “I mean, it’s so easy to avoid that with birth control these days.”
Adela’s cheeks warmed as she thought of the passion in those damn books that could very well lead to pregnancy.
“I don’t know,” Adela answered, taking another sip of tea. She had no idea how to answer the question and didn’t recognize the celebrity Missy was talking about, so she decided to change the conversation.
“It seems you and Jeff have known each other for a while,” she said.
Missy’s smile faded and she lowered her eyes. “Yes. We’ve known each other about two years. Sara was a good friend of mine.”
 “If I may be so bold, where is she?”
Missy opened her mouth as if to speak, then shut it again. She looked around the restaurant, then back to Adela. Running her fingers through her blonde curls, she said, “We don’t know where she is. She just  . . . disappeared one day. I mean, we sort of know, but it’s pretty apparent she doesn’t want anything to do with Jeff, or me, for that matter.”
Adela stared at Missy. If Sara disappeared, did that mean she and Jeff hadn’t been happy together? “Disappeared?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Why? Was she not happy with Jeff?”
“No, they were very happy together.”
“Then what happened? Is she alive?”
Missy took another bite of her salad and chewed thoughtfully. Adela waited for an answer, her heart pounding. She knew she was so close to finding out the information they needed.
Missy set her fork down, and when she looked at Adela again, a deep sadness had taken the place of the sparkle in her eyes. “As far as I know, Sara ran off with another man.”
The words were spoken so softly, Adela was almost uncertain Missy had spoken at all.
“Another man?”
Missy nodded. 
Adela sat back in her chair. Another man? How could this happen? Sara was supposed to be with Jeff. Perhaps they needed to find her and tell her the error of her ways and how important it was that they get back together, that they loved one another.
“She was very good at hiding the affair, but when Jeff found out, he hit the roof.”
Adela nodded, hoping Missy would go on, and not blaming Jeff one bit. She felt as though she’d been cheated on with Liam’s straying ways. She couldn’t imagine the pain of finding out the one you loved gave their body to another, and possibly their heart. Thankfully, Missy didn’t disappoint and kept talking.
“I didn’t see Sara for a few days, which wasn’t normal. Usually, we had coffee or grabbed a bite to eat at least once a week. I remember Jeff was quiet and reserved as well during that time, like they had had a big fight or something. I called a couple of times, but it went to voicemail. If they were fighting it wasn’t any of my business, and if Sara wanted to talk about it, she had my number.”
Adela took another sip of the iced tea, almost afraid to move so she wouldn’t break Missy’s train of thought.
“Finally, I saw Jeff in the hallway. God, Adela, he looked horrible. He looked like he hadn’t slept in weeks. He told me that Sara left him for another man, and I couldn’t believe it. Her college professor, of all people! She’d never given any indication that she wasn’t happy with Jeff. I mean, there’s nothing for her to be unhappy about! He’s got a good job, he’s nice, has a good sense of humor, he takes care of himself . . . it just didn’t make any sense.”
Adela listened as Missy told of her desperate attempts to find Sara. “I called her about a zillion times and she never answered. I left so many messages. It was like she’d just left her whole life behind. And then she changed her phone number.”
Studying Missy’s face, Adela could see the hurt in her eyes. Sara had not only devastated Jeff, but she had hurt Missy as well. As far as Adela was concerned, it was all the more reason for Sara to be back in both Missy and Jeff’s life so they could all make amends.  
Missy looked out the window. “Jeff looked for her as well. He called her family and other friends, and no one had heard from her, or so they said. It was like I was watching this physically strong man crumble before me, brick by brick. He went back to her professor’s house, but no one answered.”
Adela was afraid to breathe. This was the information that they needed to find Sara.
Missy turned to Adela. “Then he started to hang out at the professor’s house, hoping to catch a glimpse of her, maybe talk some sense into her. I reminded him that he was a cop and he could very well lose his job for stalking, trespassing, or whatever the charge would be. Then he found out that she stole the money they had been saving up to buy a house. Forty thousand dollars.”
Adela gasped.
“Yeah, I know. He was so angry, but he still wanted her back.”
Evangeline had said that Adela and Liam would be getting the “easy” assignments, but there was nothing easy about this. This was a mess, and Adela had no idea what to do. How in the world did they go about finding someone who obviously didn’t want to be with the person she was supposed to be with? 
“Are you okay, Adela? You look a little pale.”
Adela nodded. “Yes. It’s just such a sad story.”
Missy forked the last bite of her salad. “Yes, it is. I don’t know how Jeff is going to survive. He’s lost without Sara.”
Adela couldn’t help but think that she and Liam were as well.

Chapter 30
It was the last two hours of Jeff’s shift and he drove around the streets of Phoenix. It had been another slow but steady day. 
There were some on the force who wanted every day to play out as a Die Hard movie, and they fancied themselves Bruce Willis. Then there were others who liked their days to be very boring and got irritated if they needed to pull over a speeder.
Jeff’s preference lay somewhere in-between. He liked his days to be busy so the time went quickly, maybe a little bit of excitement, but he certainly didn’t want to be shot at or run through cut glass à la Bruce Willis. However, the last week or two he had craved a little more action just to get the anxiety and anger out.
Today was different from any other day. Today, he’d also gotten served with divorce papers. It pissed him off but also made him want to curl in the fetal position, throw a childlike fit, and bawl his eyes out.
Whatever had set up shop in his heart was consuming him. His anger simmered, and he kept thinking about doing things he shouldn’t be doing, like smacking the shit out of this asshole he had just pulled over going ninety in a fifty-five speed zone in his fresh-off-the-lot, brand-spanking-new black BMW 7-Series. Jeff knew the car cost more than he made in a year, and its driver reeked of pretentiousness and arrogance. Frankly, he wanted to connect his fist to a few of those veneers and make the guy bleed.
Normally a big shot in a sleek, expensive car wouldn’t faze Jeff—he was comfortable with who he was, his station in life, and happy with what he had. However, today was a whole different story. 
“C’mon, cut a guy a break.” The man smiled, the sun glinting off his veneers.
“Can’t do that, sir,” Jeff snarled, taking the man’s license. “When you’re going forty miles per hour over the speed limit, I can’t just let it slide.”
“Sure you can.”
Jeff said nothing and walked back to his car. He typed in the name on the license into the computer and shut his eyes for a moment to try to relax while he waited for the information to load up. The late afternoon was hot on this spring day, and a trickle of sweat ran down his back, making his irritation grow.
Evil.
His eyes flew open. That word had come out of nowhere, but it perfectly described what he felt was inside of him. He felt like his guts were being slowly chewed away by evil, and any goodness he had within him was disappearing, being consumed.
He took a deep breath and tried to clear his thoughts.
What in the world was wrong with him? Maybe he needed to up his visits to the department shrink.
Sara.
Whatever this thing was—this evil—had started shortly after she disappeared. It had to do with her, of that he was certain. He wished he knew what to do to make it stop. He just wanted to feel normal again, but he felt anything but normal. It was as though there was something larger than him, something more powerful than him at work.
Rubbing his face, he checked the computer. Mr. BMW didn’t have any outstanding warrants, which was kind of disappointing, as he would have loved nothing more than to throw some cuffs on the d-bag, rough him up a little bit, and toss him in the back of his cruiser.
Jeff walked back over to the car and handed Mr. BMW the ticket.
“I wish I could say thanks,” the guy joked.
Jeff just stared at him. He wondered if Mr. BMW could tell that Jeff was looking for a reason to shoot him. Yeah, he really wanted to kill this guy and yes, the thought repulsed him, but it didn’t worry him as much as it should.
So instead of thinking about how concerned he should be that he wanted to kill Mr. BMW, he punched him in the face.

Chapter 31
“I’m afraid we’re losing him,” Evangeline muttered as she paced the small living room. “The darkness within him is too strong. He can’t fight it off much longer.”
Liam watched her pace. He didn’t have anything to say because he had already said it all. Yeah, he had fucked up this whole assignment. He had admitted it, apologized for it, and now the best course of action was just to keep his mouth shut. Evangeline was still glaring at him, and he figured anything else he had to say would only make things worse.
He looked at the clock on the stove and wondered what time Adela was going to be home. He knew she had gone to lunch with Missy, but it seemed like lunch would only take a little while, yet Adela had been gone for three hours now.
Liam went into the kitchen for more coffee. As he leaned against the stove sipping the brew, he felt as though they had failed. How in the world were they supposed to help two people fall in love when they didn’t even know where one of them was?
The door opened and Adela stepped in. She leaned against the door and sighed.
“How was lunch?” Liam asked. Her blonde hair cascaded down to her hips, and she gave it a push behind her back. Worry etched her brow, and she looked very tired.
“It was . . . interesting.”
“Did you find out anything?”
She met his gaze and nodded. “But I’m not sure how it’s going to help us.”
Liam walked back to the couch and sat down, motioning for Adela to follow.
She sat on the opposite end of the couch and folded her hands in her lap. Her back was straight, and when her gaze met his, he felt like he had been punched in the gut. So much emotion clouded her eyes, he couldn’t understand what he was seeing. What he did understand was that he had an almost overwhelming urge to take her in his arms and pull her close and comfort her, tell her that everything would be okay. She looked as if she had just received a lot of bad news.
“By the look on your face, I’m guessing it’s not good news,” Evangeline said.
Adela shook her head and studied her hands.
“Tell us, Adela,” Evangeline said.
Adela took a deep breath and began talking.
Liam’s intestines tightened while he listened. A woman who had cheated on her man and then not only left, but took off with their life savings. A man desperate to find her but couldn’t muster the hate in his heart for her. A man who just wanted what he lost back in his arms. Now Jeff’s reaction to Liam’s indiscretions was understood. Jeff viewed Liam’s actions as the catalyst of what broke up his own marriage.
Adela leaned back on the couch and exhaled.
“How do we go about gluing a couple back together where one party doesn’t seem to want to be included?” Liam asked.
Adela shrugged, and they both looked up at Evangeline.
“Any ideas?” he asked.
The sun filtered in the window behind her, making her hair appear more golden. As she studied the floor, she truly looked like the heavenly entity she was. Liam wanted to tell her the answers weren’t going to be found on the floor but figured he was doing well with the keeping-his-mouth-shut plan.
“None,” she said. “Except that we need to find her and convince her that her being with Jeff is meant to be.”
“And how do we do that?” Adela asked. “Do we just ring her new doorbell?”
“Maybe if we had our wings back we could—”
“That’s against the rules. These assignments must be completed as humans,” Evangeline said.
Liam stood. “Why, Evangeline? No one has been able to answer me that. Why the fuck not?”
Evangeline glared at him. “It’s not our place to question—”
“Then whose place is it?” Liam asked. “I’ve never understood why we need to be human in order to complete these assignments.”
“It’s not as if you haven’t been enjoying yourself, Liam. Or do I need to remind you that because you like being human so much you almost ruined this? If it weren’t for Adela, we would be at square one, so to speak.”
“I’m aware of that,” Liam said through gritted teeth, and decided to go back to keeping his trap shut.
“I agree with Liam,” Adela said, standing. “Why do we need to be human?”
Liam turned to her, surprised by her support and her questioning of Evangeline. He recalled the tongue-lashing he had received at the beginning of this good-time fuck-all when he had not spoken to Evangeline the way Adela deemed appropriate.
Evangeline pierced Adela with a glare, obviously angry that her two charges were going mutinous all over her ass. 
She began pacing again, then turned back to them. “I’m heading to Heaven. We’re obviously at a crossroads and it seems there’s nowhere to go.”
“It’s called a fucking roadblock, sweetheart,” Liam muttered. He turned around and took a sip of his coffee. When he looked back, Evangeline was gone.
Adela stared at the floor. “I can’t believe I just questioned Evangeline.”
Liam set his coffee cup down, walked over, and put his hands on her shoulders. Her dark gaze met his. “Sometimes you need to question those in charge,” he said, taking her hands in his. “Something isn’t right about this, Adela. We need to find out what’s going on. Why did they put us in human form? For me, it wasn’t that big of a jump, but for you, it was huge and disorienting as all hell. I never understood why we needed to be human.”
“I don’t either, Liam,” Adela admitted as she stared down at their hands. “I understood the need to interact with our target, but it seems that things would have gone a lot smoother if we had our angel abilities.”
“Agreed.”
Liam felt heat rise in his body as he stared at Adela. An urge to run his fingers through her hair, to touch her face, to hold her close to him welled, and he was surprised at the honesty of the feeling. It wasn’t because he wanted to bed her; it was because he felt they were a team. Granted, they were a team that had messed everything up, but still, they were together, fighting for the completion of their mission no matter the circumstances.
“What should we do now?” he asked, not wanting this moment, this feeling of camaraderie, to end. He hadn’t felt it since dying with his firefighting brothers, and it was good and right to feel it with Adela.
Adela took a deep breath. “I want to know about your death.”
Liam shook his head. “I’ve told you everything. I burned alive, Adela. It was nasty, horrible, and painful beyond anything I could ever imagine. There isn’t much to tell.”
“Then tell me about your life.”
Liam shrugged. His life had been so much different than hers. Her life had been good and pure, with wanting to help others. His? Not so much. “I was a womanizing asshole who took from everyone. I was selfish, indulgent, and not too much different than I am now, except now I appreciate life a lot more than I used to.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, not much to be proud of, I’ll tell you that.”
There was a long stretch of silence.
“Perhaps we should talk about what’s going on here in the present,” Adela murmured, not meeting his gaze.
Liam smiled. He really wanted her to like him, and somewhere within him, he felt she did. But would she like him once she really got to know him?
Probably not—most women didn’t.
But Adela wasn’t most women. 

Chapter 32
Jeff sat across from Dr. Fitzgerald, feeling like he was on the verge of losing his shit. He wanted to scream.
“So, getting back to this anger within you, Jeff. Do you think you pose a risk to yourself or others on the job? Why did you hit that civilian?”
Jeff thought about Mr. BMW. He had really wanted to hurt the asshole but instead, he had only hit him in the face. The guy hadn’t even been hurt that badly. Sure, his nose had bled, but that was it. It wasn’t even broken. Jeff hadn’t even cracked any of the veneers. He’d actually show a lot of restraint.
But what would happen next time?
Self-honesty was a slippery slope. The way he was feeling—whatever this thing was—could very well push him over the edge next time. What if he really did hurt someone?
His insides were strung as tight as a pulled rubber band, and he felt like he was drowning in his own black goo. It seemed like the goo was slowly filling him up until it would encompass him fully, making him an evil bastard.
But he couldn’t tell the shrink this. How did he explain the evil that lived within him without making himself sound certifiable? And if this shrink deemed him certifiable, he would take him off duty.
“You know he will most likely sue the department,” Dr. Fitzgerald said.
Jeff had always been a team player, and he expected as much from those he worked with. If one of his coworkers had done what he had, he would have been angry. It surprised him how much he didn’t care what others thought or what happened next.
Jeff shrugged. “The guy was a d-bag.”
“And why is that? You pulled him over for speeding. Why did you need to hit him? The dashboard camera in your car showed no aggression on his part. In fact, you were the agitated one, and I think that’s what we need to get down to the core of. Why? What’s going on in the life of the officer who has a perfect record, one who has been praised over and over again? Is there more to this than we’ve discussed? Is there more than your wife leaving you? Has a drug or alcohol problem started?”
Jeff shrugged and looked out the small office window. He saw nothing but the wall of the building next door and thought what a perfect metaphor it all was. He definitely had a wall up in front of him, one that wouldn’t move, or even just budge a little bit and allow him to get on with his life.
And its name was Sara.
Anger and sadness ripped through him, feeding the beast within. How would he ever find relief?
“Jeff, if you’re not going to talk to me, then I have only one choice.”
Jeff shifted his gaze to the good doctor and imagined taking the pen from his hand and stabbing him in the eye. “And what’s that?”
“I’m going to have to remove you from duty until we have a better grasp of what’s going on with you.”
Jeff looked back at the wall. What would he do without his job? He’d be cooped up in his apartment all day with nothing but memories of Sara for company. His job was the only thing that kept him sane. He was afraid of what would happen to him if he couldn’t work. It wasn’t an option.
“I think it’s best for everyone involved if I remove you from duty effective immediately. We’ll need you to turn in your gun tomorrow.”
Jeff sighed and silently cursed.
Dammit.
Goddammit.

Chapter 33
Adela and Liam listened as Jeff raged next door.
“I wonder what happened,” Adela said.
There was the distinct sound of glass breaking. “That didn’t sound good,” Liam noted. He shook his head, leaned back against the couch, and closed his eyes.
Adela got up from the chair and began to pace. Jeff was yelling, and for the past ten minutes, it had sounded like he was destroying the place. She wanted to comfort him, but she didn’t know what to say.
“Do you think he’s heard something about Sara?” she asked.
Liam still had his eyes closed. “Don’t know, Adela. I don’t know.”
And that, she decided, was the worst thing about being human. You simply didn’t know the answers. As an Angel of Death, she knew what was in store for her every single night: death. Some would go easy, some wouldn’t. The little device at her wrist vibrated and told her exactly what was next. There was never any guessing.
“I think we should go over there,” she said.
“Bad idea, love.”
“Why?”
Liam opened his eyes. “Because when a man is so upset that he trashes his own apartment, you don’t want to get in the way.”
Adela studied him for a moment, then nodded. It seemed as if he were talking from experience. She sat down on the couch next to him.
“Jeff!” a voice called from the hall.
“Missy,” Liam mumbled.
“Jeff!” Missy yelled again.
They listened as the door opened then shut. They couldn’t understand what the muffled voices said, but it seemed as though Jeff’s was getting quieter.
“She must be calming him down,” Adela said, thankful they didn’t have to hear the destruction any longer.
As far as Adela was concerned, it was good that Jeff had a friend who was there for him, even if it was his wife’s friend. She wondered if Jeff thought of Sara every time he saw Missy. Liam was also in deep thought, she noted, as his brow furrowed and a faraway look glinted in his eyes.
“What are you thinking?” she asked.
He stood at the sliding glass door and crossed his arms over his chest. Adela noted how his broad shoulders tapered down to a slim waist beneath his white T-shirt. His legs were thick and long, and she thought back to those damn books. He was exactly as they described a hero to be, and an itch of irritation made her squirm in her seat. 
How far she had come from thinking of him as a lesser angel and now her wild imagination had him placed in the role of her lover. She shook her head, trying to derail where her thoughts were going, which was somewhere along the lines of, What would Liam look like without clothes?
Liam sighed. “I’m just wondering if—“
“I’m back,” Evangeline stated. Adela jumped off the couch, ready to flee. Even though she had been human for a few days, Evangeline’s habit of popping in and out of their lives was now startling.
Evangeline stood in the middle of the living room, her white wings flapping, and then she folded them behind her back. A very satisfied look crossed her face.
“I’ve received permission to bend the rules on this assignment,” she announced with a smile.
Adela noted that Liam had yet to look at her, his eyes instead focused on the sliding glass door. 
“And what does that mean, love?” he asked in a low voice.
“It means that you have your angel wings back, as well as your angel abilities. However, it also means that you won’t be granted this latitude on your next assignment.”
Adela nodded, looking forward to getting back into the role that she knew so well. Perhaps she wasn’t meant for this earth any longer, and maybe, just maybe, she could convince Evangeline or a higher power of this. She hoped there wouldn’t be another assignment, but at the same time, she did enjoy Liam’s company. Perhaps they could both go back to being Angels of Death.
“Before you do anything, I need to tell you something,” Evangeline said in a grave voice.
Adela felt the transformation take place—the wall—or bubble wrap, as Liam had called it—was forming. It was like a cocoon encompassing her and the familiarity was comforting. She shut her eyes for a moment, happy to be back into a role that she knew well. Gone were silly books and slips of silk. She didn’t need to interact with humans. She was once again an Angel of Death and her confidence soared.
“I believe that if Jeff and Sara are not reunited, he will do something stupid,” Evangeline said. “If the blackness consumes him, I’m afraid we’ll be reading about something he’s done in the papers soon.”
“Like what?” Liam asked.
“The worst, of course, being murder. Or suicide.”
“So he just gets his gun and starts shooting people for no good reason?”
“I was thinking more along the lines of a certain someone, like the professor who stole his wife. If he does hurt himself or someone else, he has lost his fight with the darkness within him.”
Adela opened her eyes and looked at Liam. He, too, was once again an Angel of Death. Black wings sprouted from his back, and his black leather pants and vest clung to his body.
“That’s terrible!” Adela blurted. “We need to do something!”
Adela stood and stretched her wings. She noted Liam didn’t look happy, and she wondered if it was because he was an angel again, what Evangeline just revealed about Jeff, or both. He stared at the window, his reflection gone. In fact, as Adela gazed at the window, it looked as if it the apartment was empty. In the reflection she saw the couch, the chair, and the coffee table. It was as if she and Liam simply didn’t exist.
Although she felt comfortable as an Angel of Death, she did exist, and she had done so as a human for the past few days. Not being able to see herself was jarring.
“So your task is now to find Sara,” Evangeline said. “You have full angel abilities. When she is found, we need to move quickly to get her back here and into Jeff’s arms.”
Liam turned. “It seems to me that there’s something not right here, love,” he said, his tone quiet. “This was supposed to be easy. There isn’t anything easy about this.”
“Well—“
“Well, nothing, Evangeline. I just think—“
“Liam,” Evangeline retorted, her gaze hard, “this is your assignment. It’s not up to you or me to question it.”
Liam stared at her for a moment, then looked at Adela. “Ready to go?”
Adela could see that Liam was angry. The twinkle in his eye was gone, as was the lazy grin he usually wore. Adela wanted to comfort him but decided that sometimes it was best to let anger take its course.
“Yes, I am.”
Liam turned and walked through the wall to Jeff’s apartment. Adela followed.


Jeff sat on the couch with Missy next to him. She had her hand on his back, moving it in slow, comforting circles.
Liam and Adela stared at them for a moment, then Liam said, “There’re some divorce papers on the coffee table. Let’s take a look.”
“Remember not to touch, Liam.”
He nodded. “I remember.”
Adela didn’t want the papers to move while Jeff and Missy sat a mere foot away from them. She inched closer and glanced over Jeff’s shoulder. It was both soothing and strange to be back in the angel role again. She was far more comfortable as an Angel of Death than she was as a human. She didn’t like the uncertainty she felt with being human. Yes, there were some things she enjoyed, such as a bubble bath, coffee, and the smell of orange blossoms, but being wrapped in this cocoon was something she was used to, something familiar, and she appreciated it.
As she looked over Jeff’s shoulder, she could almost feel the sadness and confusion in the room coming from him. It was as if the emotions had a life of their own.
“Jeff, maybe it’s just time to let her go,” Missy urged.
Jeff nodded. “Maybe it is. She wants a divorce, so I guess she’s done with me. I just can’t seem to be done with her.”
There was a beat of silence, and Adela glanced over at Liam who was eyeing the papers, and then at the small photo on the side table. Jeff and Sara looked so happy. What had happened? Could people just suddenly fall out of love? What did the other man possess that Jeff didn’t? He was smart, honest, good-looking, and he had integrity. What more could a woman want? Why did Sara leave Jeff for another man? The frustration of not understanding was driving her crazy.
“I just want to go back to the way things were,” Jeff stated. “I miss my life with Sara. I miss the way it used to be.”
Jeff’s heartbreak was palpable. Adela noticed tears glistening in Missy’s eyes, and she supposed if she were human, she’d feel tears in her own. As she studied the both of them, she realized it was the first time since her death she actually cared for any human. She glanced over at Liam. Yes, she cared about him, but at the end of the day, he was simply an Angel of Death she had spent a lot of time with. He didn’t count.
“Let’s go,” Liam said. “I’ve got an address for Sara from the divorce papers.”
Adela nodded, and they stepped through the wall. She hoped they weren’t too late to convince Sara that she belonged with Jeff.

Chapter 34
Liam flew through the night sky, his eyes cast downward, Adela flying next to him. They had been gliding together in silence, which Liam was grateful for. Usually he was the chatty one, especially compared to Adela.
Now, he had no words to say, and he had no idea what he was doing. Sure, flying was cool, being invisible was sort of awesome, but he still had no idea how to find Sara. He racked his brain trying to figure it out. The address he had gotten from the divorce papers was her professor’s house, but there was no one home when they arrived. Where else should they look? He wished things had turned out differently. He wished he had . . . well, he wished he had kept his dick in his pants and not alienated Jeff. But really—what were the odds that Jeff would be at the same club on the same night at the exact time to see Liam leave with a woman? As far as he was concerned, zero to none, and the fact that it had happened made him wonder if the trifecta in Heaven was messing around with him. It seemed as though “they” were setting up roadblocks so their assignment became more and more difficult.
“Perhaps we take a look around the college campus,” Adela suggested. “Maybe she’s there.”
Liam nodded. He couldn’t think of a better plan.
They spent the next two hours wandering the campus but found nothing. They met up with another Angel of Death, but he was busy and on a strict timeline and no time to chat.
As Liam and Adela walked out of the last building, they stopped.
“What’s that saying . . . like finding something in a haystack?” Adela asked, crossing her arms.
“A needle in a haystack,” Liam answered.
“Yes. That’s it.”
They looked around the alley. “Any ideas of where to go next?”
Adela shrugged. “Where do people who go to college gather?”
Liam thought about it. If they were young, most of the time you could find them in bars on the weekends. But this was a weekday. A coffee house?
“You know, we don’t even know if she’s in this city,” Liam said.
Adela nodded. “But they said our assignment was supposed to be easy. Therefore, I would think that she is here. In the city.”
“True.”
“So try to think like an older college student, Liam. Where would you socialize?”
Liam thought back to his two years in college where he’d met Annie. If he wasn’t at a bar on the weekend, he was kicking it at his apartment. If he wasn’t there, he went to a coffee shop.
“Let’s try the coffee shops,” Liam muttered.
“Very well.”
An hour later, they came out of the last shop within a two-mile radius of the campus and stood on the sidewalk. The waitress shut the door and locked it, signaling the closing of the store for the night. They walked down the road, both silent.
As they reached a park, Liam watched the cars go by, then saw a familiar face on the other side of the street.
“Gunnar?” he said more to himself then to the figure standing there.
“Do you know him?” Adela asked.
It was hard to miss the big Viking. He stood on the sidewalk, his large black wings slowly waving and glittering in the night. His blond hair fell to his shoulders, and he was looking down the street then at the device on his wrist.
“Yeah, I do. Last time I saw him was right before I went to the apartment where we were given the news that we were Angels of Affection.” Liam stepped into the street. “Gunnar!” he called.
Adela followed.
Gunnar turned. “Liam! Good to see you, my friend. Hurry up over here. I’ve got a death in just under a minute.”
Liam and Adela reached the other side of the street. 
“Are you here for a delivery?” Gunnar asked, shaking Liam’s hand.
“No, we’re not. This is Adela, by the way,” Liam said.
Gunnar shook her hand. “I think we did a bus crash together a few years ago.”
Adela smiled. “Perhaps.”
A car rounded the corner just as a man staggered out of the park. Under the streetlights, he looked to be in his fifties or sixties. He wore an old trench coat, and his bald head shined in the florescent glare. “Here we go!” Gunnar declared. 
The three stood on the sidewalk and watched the events unfold. 
The car picked up speed as it came toward them, and the man in the park came closer to the street. He was mumbling and stumbling, and obviously not sober. He tripped on the sidewalk, caught himself, then staggered into the street. The “thump” as the car hit him was loud, and Liam was certain he heard some bones break. As the man flew through the air, the car stopped. Its driver, a teenage boy, watched in horror as the man landed about ten feet away and didn’t move.
“Oh my God!” the teen screamed, running to the man. “Oh no. Help! Someone help!” The teen sprinted back to the car and got on the phone.
“Not over yet?” Liam asked.
Gunnar shook his head. “Nope. The guy is supposed to bite it right here.”
It really looked like something out of a bad zombie movie. The man lying on the asphalt stood up slowly, wiping the blood from his eyes. He staggered toward the angels, holding onto his midsection, his right leg dragging behind him. Blood rolled down his forehead as he winced in pain.
“Dude! You need to sit down! I called 911 and they’re on the way,” the teen shouted. “Why the fuck did you walk out into the street?”
Liam studied the teen. He was tall and lanky, and brown hair hung to his collar. He wore a uniform from a local restaurant, and Liam guessed the kid had just gotten off work.
Liam knew this accident would be a life-changing event for the kid. He’d killed someone, but it wasn’t his fault. Liam imagined there were a few years of therapy in the kid’s future, because based on the tears running down his face he was going to have some serious guilt issues.
Yep, Liam knew all about those.
The drunk, or druggie, or whatever he was, stumbled toward them and dropped to his knees, placing his forehead on the street. His breathing was ragged, and a moment later he slumped to his side about two feet away from the angels.
“You can’t die!” the kid yelled, standing over him. “Oh, Jesus!”
The kid took two steps back, bent over, and threw up.
“I feel awful for the kid,” Adela murmured. Liam glanced over at her. Concern etched her face, and he remembered the blasé way she had looked at him when a child had been killed in the gang fight they’d worked a mere few days ago. It seemed that being human and being submerged in the world had cracked her hard façade more than he realized.
“Yeah, it is too bad he has to go through this,” Liam agreed.
Liam glanced over at Gunnar, who was staring at the device on his wrist. “Three, two, and one.”
The spirit rose from the body. Before them stood a teenage boy, which would be the man’s favorite age of his life. He smiled at all three of them. Gunnar waved his hand and the brightly lit portal appeared. The spirit hesitated for only a moment, then Gunnar said, “It’s okay, George. You’re headed upstairs.”
George nodded, stepped in without hesitation, and disappeared.
Gunnar turned to Liam and Adela. “So where’s your next one?”
Liam glanced over at Adela. “We don’t have any tonight.”
“How did you manage that? I’ve been working double time since this whole Angels of Affection B.S. came up.”
“Well, you’re looking at two of them,” Liam announced.
Gunnar wrinkled his forehead, then threw his head back and laughed, a deep throaty sound coming from his gut. After a few minutes, he wiped his eyes.
“Oh, that was a good one, Liam,” he snorted.
“He’s not kidding,” Adela said.
Gunnar’s eyes grew wide in surprise. “No shit. Wow. So what are you doing? I thought you were supposed to be making people fall in love, not walking the streets.”
“Well, we were—”
“Talk and fly. I’ve got another death very soon. At least they’re planning better and keeping us in one geographical area instead of having us fly all over the place.”
The three angels lifted off the ground and took off. Liam told Gunnar about their assignment, and what seemed to be their subsequent failure.
“It was supposed to be easy,” Liam yelled over the wind. “But how in the hell we are supposed to make a woman who wants to divorce her husband fall in love with him again is beyond me.”
They landed in the middle of Interstate 10. “Sounds like a mess,” Gunnar said, then looked down at the device on his wrist. “We’re up here.” He walked up the middle of the highway and Liam and Adela followed, cars rushing through all of them.
“So what’s the deal on this one?” Liam asked.
“Car crash involving three cars,” Gunnar said. “One fatality.”
“We should probably get going, Liam,” Adela sighed.
He nodded. “Yeah, you’re right. We need to get moving.”
“Hang on just a second,” Gunner said. “I want to hear more about your new jobs. Just let me finish this one up.”
The cars whizzed by, and Liam looked into the oncoming headlights, trying to figure out which cars would be involved. 
“Thirty seconds,” Gunnar announced.
A car swerved into the lane to its left and kissed the bumper of another car, which began to fishtail and then hit another car. As the whole mess of metal came closer, Liam was able to make out the colors of the cars.
The white Honda—the one spinning—hit a second car and came to a stop. The red SUV, the one that had started the whole chain of events, plowed into the Honda and sent it into the cement divider. It then came to rest in front of the angels.
Liam leaned down and looked into the cracked window. The woman was a bloody mess. Her hair matted to her face as rivulets of red cascaded down her cheek from a nasty cut on her forehead.
She pushed her hair out of the way, and Liam felt a jolt of recognition. Where did he know her?
Moaning, she grabbed her stomach. Liam noted that the steering wheel was jammed up under her ribcage, and the front of the car looked like an accordion.
Sirens blared in the distance. Adela bent down next to him and gasped. “Oh my God, Liam! That looks like Sara!”
 “Oh, sweet Jesus,” he whispered. He looked at the woman who was about to die. Her hair was longer than it had been in the picture in Jeff’s apartment, and it was hard to really make out her features with all the blood.
“Gunnar, what’s her name?” Liam asked, his voice tight.
“Sara Waters.”

Chapter 35
Out of the corner of Adela’s eye, she saw that Sara would be expiring in twenty seconds, according to Gunnar’s device. What were they going to do? How were they going to complete their assignment and save Jeff from his darkness?
“We have to do something,” she cried. She looked up at Liam, who was standing next to her gazing over the whole scene as if he’d just watched aliens land on Earth.
“Like what?” he yelled, kicking the cement barrier. “What are we supposed to do? You can’t fuck around with the Creator’s plans, Adela! You know that!”
“What’s going on?” Gunnar asked.
“This is who we were looking for,” Adela said, hearing the panic in her voice. “This is who Jeff is supposed to be with.”
“Who’s Jeff?”
“The man this woman is supposed to be with.”
They all stared at the woman. “That Angels of Affection thing?” Gunnar asked.
Adela nodded.
“Well, I’m sorry, but this one’s got to come with me. You both know that.”
Adela nodded again. This assignment was more difficult than any death she had ever delivered. How was this considered easy? Sara was going to die. How were they to unite a dead soul with Jeff?
Suddenly, Sara’s spirit rose in the form of a healthy woman in her late twenties. She looked exactly as she did in the picture in Jeff’s apartment. 
“Hello, Sara,” Adela said.
Sara looked around at tangled metal, then met Adela’s gaze. “What’s going on?”
“You’ve died,” Gunnar answered, his voice quiet. “You were in a car crash.”
Sara turned back and looked at her body. After a moment she nodded. “Where am I going?”
“Heaven,” Gunnar said, waving his hand and producing the brightly lit portal.
Adela felt she had to let Sara know that Jeff still loved her. “Sara, we’ve . . . we’ve been in touch with Jeff.”
Sara’s eyes grew wide. “Is he okay?”
Adela nodded. “Yes. But he still loves you, Sara.”
Sara walked to the portal. “I know. I wish I could say the same.”
“What happened between you two?” Liam asked.
Sara stepped into the portal. “I guess we just grew apart,” she said. “I wanted more than he could give me. He is simple and I . . . I wasn’t.” Then she looked at Gunnar. “I’m ready.”
She disappeared, and the three angels stared at the body left behind. Sara had gone quickly and without question, something they didn’t see very often.
Adela sighed. Something wasn’t right, yet she couldn’t place what the problem was. Perhaps Sara and Jeff were to be together in the afterlife? Maybe he would join her in Heaven? Obviously, they weren’t going to be together on Earth.
After a moment, Gunnar announced, “I’ve got to run. I’m busy.”
“See you around, Gunnar,” Liam said.
“Hopefully not. I don’t want to do that Angel of Affection crap. From what you’ve told me, it sounds like an awful job.” He walked toward the portal and stopped. “What will happen to you now that you’ve failed?”
Liam looked at Adela and she shrugged. “We weren’t really told. They just said that failure wasn’t an option. I know that if enough of us fail as a whole and the humans destroy themselves, as angels we’ll all end up burning in Hell for eternity.”
Gunnar nodded. “Honestly, I don’t think you guys have a chance.”
“Why is that?” Adela asked.
“It’s nothing personal against you two. It’s the humans. I believe they will self-destruct. It’s just their nature.”
“Why do you say that?” Liam asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
Gunnar shrugged. “Look at history. Even going back as far as my life—about seven hundred years ago, people have always killed other people. We’re savages. Our so-called evolution was supposed to elevate us, but honestly, humans are no better than the predator animals on Earth. In fact, we may be worse.”
“I don’t understand,” Adela said, intrigued by Gunnar’s little speech.
“Animals kill each other for food, territory, whatever. Humans usually don’t eat each other, but they do kill each other, and they always put a purpose behind it. They need to go to war for that reason or this reason, and most of the time those reasons are bullshit. How many humans have been killed in the name of religion? Hell, in my day as a Viking, we killed at random. The only difference between humans and animals is that we wear clothes, and animals don’t feel the need to fabricate reasons when they kill. They just do it.”
Adela listened, fascinated by Gunnar’s thoughts. She thought of all the deaths she had witnessed where the cause was another human. She thought of her own death, a death brought on by severe religious beliefs. Perhaps he was right. Perhaps the human race didn’t stand a chance against itself, and they were fighting an uphill battle, a losing battle.
“We’re still going to try,” Liam said. “We can’t give up so easily.”
Gunnar nodded. “I would expect nothing less. Get moving. Sounds like you’ve got a lot more riding on your shoulders than just a couple of humans falling in love. Namely, my ass. If I end up going to Hell, I’m hunting both of you down with my pitchfork.”
He gave them a wink and took off into the night sky.
Adela and Liam stared at Sara’s body for a moment, the sirens blaring in the distance. They would arrive and there would be no help to give—at least not in this vehicle.
Adela sighed. What would happen to her and Liam? Would they be sent to burn in Hell? God, she hoped not.
“Once the police find out, it will get back to Jeff,” Adela said.
“Yeah, agreed. And we need to be there to stop him from doing something stupid—from letting the darkness totally take him over.”
Adela nodded. “Let’s go.”

Chapter 36
As they flew through the air, Liam’s wings flapped lazily. He had to admit, he did love flying, but he missed being human. He didn’t like not existing—not being seen or heard by anyone except fellow angels. His little taste of being alive again made him want the change to be permanent, and if there was another assignment coming up after this mess, he was already looking forward to it simply because he would be human again.
As they arrived in their apartment, something was niggling at his brain. Something was off, but he couldn’t place it.
They landed on the deck and peered through the window at Evangeline sitting on the couch, staring at her hands. Maybe they’d get some answers now.
Liam was the first through the glass. “What’s going on, Evangeline? Have you heard?”
She looked at him, her blue eyes sparkling from tears. “Yes. I’ve been told of Sara’s passing.”
“And what does that mean for us?” Liam asked, his anger growing. “You said this would be easy. That because we were so new to this love shit that it would all be handed to us. What the fuck, Evangeline?”
She looked back down at her hands.
“As far as I’m concerned, this couldn’t have been any more difficult! How the hell were we supposed to reunite a woman with a man she didn’t love?” Liam yelled.
“I . . . I don’t know, Liam.”
He watched the tears fall into her hands. They were actual crystals. So those in the Inner Circle cried crystals. Liam figured he’d cried twice in his adult life. The first was when Annie died, leaving him the empty husk of a douchebag he was today. The second was when he died—frightened and in unbearable pain. If he were to break into sobs, would he cry crystals? And if he did, who the fuck cared? They had failed at their first “easy” mission. Who knew what was in store for them.
Evangeline looked down at her hands again, and Adela paced the floor, looking like her old self: contained and emotionless. He remembered the significant moments with her the past few days—Adela wanting to learn the coffeemaker, and how sexy she had looked making her bed that first morning. The shift in her as he held her close when they pretended to be significant others in front of Jeff and Missy—she could have fought his grip a lot harder, but she didn’t. The heat in her eyes when he came home from the disastrous one-night stand with Grace. Their talk about their deaths and their lives. It was as if she had opened up, maybe even started to live a little bit, but then she had been given back her angel wings and she had closed up again.
Her angel wings were her protection from the real feelings of the world around her. Looking at her now, he saw the three-hundred-year-old witch he knew from before, not the actual human he had grown to like over a few short days. 
Things were not as they seemed.
The thought struck him so hard, he became dizzy. He had to sit down on the couch next to Evangeline, which he didn’t want to do as he was so angry with her he wanted to pluck out the feathers in her wings one by one.
Things were not as they seemed.
Before Evangeline had opened her mouth, a thought niggled at his brain, almost as if it were a worm trying to crawl up his spine and lodge itself into the “ah-ha!” part of the gray matter.
What had it been?
After a moment, he whispered, “Holy shit.”
“Liam, you shouldn’t—”
“What is it, Liam?” Adela asked as she kneeled in front of him. As he stared into her dark eyes, he knew he was right. Things weren’t as they seemed.
“Adela, you and I are idiots,” he proclaimed, grabbing her hands. How he longed to feel the real Adela, not the angel kind. The real flesh-and-bone Adela he had been with the past few days.
“Why do you say that?” she asked.
“It wasn’t Sara,” he said. “It’s Missy. He’s supposed to be with Missy.”
Adela stared at him a moment. “How can you be sure?”
“Because it was supposed to be easy. That’s what Evangeline kept telling us. We were so focused on Sara, we didn’t see what—or who, in this case—was right in front of us: Missy.”
Adela’s eyes grew wide. “You think so?”
Liam stood, bringing Adela to her feet. “Think about it. She’s been around this whole time from the beginning and she obviously cares for him. That’s got to be it, Adela.”
Liam could see her thinking about it, and then a small smile crossed her face. “I think you’re right,” she said. “We need to get them together.”
It was going to be difficult because soon Jeff would be receiving news about Sara, and Liam was certain the darkness would consume him if Missy wasn’t there to help him.
He turned to Evangeline. “I want to go see Missy, and I want to do it as an angel. I want her to see me in all my holy glory so she understands the seriousness of this situation.”
Evangeline gasped and put her hand to her throat. “That’s never been done before. Those among the living don’t see Angels of Death.”
“Well, there’s a first time for everything. Make it happen.”
Evangeline looked as if she was about to argue, but then she just nodded her head. “I’ll see what I can do.” She stepped through the sliding glass door and disappeared.

Chapter 37
Jeff slumped on the couch in front of the television, all the lights off. He sipped a beer but wasn’t really into the drinking thing tonight. He just liked the taste of the small swallows. He was sort of watching 101 Ways to Die. He usually didn’t like the show as he had seen death up close from being a cop, but for some reason it appealed to him tonight.
The darkness that had taken up residence in his soul was consuming him, and he didn’t feel like he could fight it any longer.
His thoughts turned to Missy. He had come home in such a rage he didn’t know what to do. As he looked around the apartment, he was surprised that the evidence of the anger he had unleashed wasn’t more prevalent. He had mainly broken dishes and flipped over the kitchen table and the coffee table. Certainly he would have destroyed the whole apartment if Missy hadn’t stopped him. 
He glanced at the now-righted coffee table, and there were the damn divorce papers. His hopes for any reunion with Sara crushed by a stack of papers.
It was such a small thing that carried such a big punch. As he eyed the stack, he was both intimidated and awed at its power. He wanted to burn, shoot, and stab the small pile all at once.
He thought of all the things that Missy was responsible for; she had been there to help him pick up the pieces of his life when Sara left. She brought him meals, cleaned up his apartment, and constantly asked for updates on Sara’s whereabouts. She had been his rock, the glue that kept him together. She was a good friend to have.
His thoughts traveled back to earlier in the day. Why had he hit that guy? In a nutshell, he had snapped. This . . . thing within him had won. His anger and depression had taken over for that split second and came out his fist. Frankly, he was tired of fighting it. What would happen if he totally let go and let it consume him? What would he do? 
He sipped his beer, not liking the path his thoughts were wandering.
He truly felt like he was about to come completely unhinged.

Chapter 38
Adela and Liam stood in front of Missy’s door. Evangeline had received permission for both of them to be present in angel form and for Missy to be able to see them. Adela was both excited and nervous. She was excited because she knew they were on the right path of saving Jeff, yet nervous because she had never appeared in her angel form to a living, breathing human.
“Ready?” Liam asked.
Adela nodded, and he knocked.
Missy answered the door, smiled, then gasped and took a step back. She looked at them for a moment, puzzlement crossing her face, and then giggled. “Oh my God, you guys look so good! What great costumes! Are you going to a biker rally or something?”
Adela looked down at her leather-clad body wondering what Missy would do when their wings appeared.
“No, but we do need to talk to you,” Liam said. Adela had never seen him so serious.
“Sure, come in!”
Missy stepped back and Adela followed Liam in. “Go ahead and have a seat,” Missy said.
“I think we’d prefer to stand,” Adela said. If they were going to reveal their wings, she wanted to make sure that Missy got the full picture.
“Okay. What’s up? You guys look so serious.”
“Missy, we need you to be honest with us, okay?” Liam said.
“Of course.”
“Do you have feelings for Jeff?”
A blush started at the base of Missy’s neck and crept upward. Her cheeks blazed red. “Of course not. Well, I like him, yes, but he’s married to my friend! Well, someone who used to be my friend. How can you ask something like that?”
Adela didn’t really have much experience with liars. There was nothing to lie about during death—it was what it was. And when she had been among the living, lying was a sin, so she didn’t do it. However, even Adela could see that Missy was a very poor liar.
“Missy, the truth please,” Adela urged.
“I am telling you the truth, Adela,” Missy said, a hard edge to her voice.
“Look, Missy. There’s nothing to be ashamed of if you do have feelings for the guy, which judging by your red cheeks, you do,” Liam said.
“I . . . I just . . .” Missy looked down at the ground. “It’s really none of your business how I feel about Jeff, Liam.”
“Under normal circumstances, I would agree one hundred percent. In fact, I wouldn’t even be asking, but these aren’t normal circumstances, Missy. We are trying to avoid a catastrophe. Whether you like it or not, I believe you are a part of the solution. So I ask you again, Missy, do you have feelings for Jeff?”
Missy lifted her gaze, tears glistening in her eyes. “What catastrophe?”
Liam remained silent, as did Adela. They needed to hear Missy say how she felt about Jeff.
“Fine. Yes. I love him. I loved him when Sara was around, and I love him now. And I feel awful about it.” Missy sat down on the couch and put her head in her hands, her shoulders shaking silently.
“You don’t need to be ashamed of your feelings,” Adela assured her. 
“Yes, I do, Adela. I’m in love with my friend’s husband. Well, her soon-to-be ex-husband. No matter how hard I try, I can’t seem to get over Jeff.”
Adela sat down beside Missy and rested her hand on her back, hoping the gesture would comfort Missy in some way.
“We’re glad to hear that, Missy,” Adela said. Apparently, heartache also came with falling in love with someone, especially if that love wasn’t returned.
“What catastrophe are you avoiding?” Missy said between sniffles.
“Jeff,” Liam said.
“What?” Missy asked, looking up at him, her face masked in confusion and worry.  
“Jeff’s is going to be a catastrophe unless we step in and intervene,” Adela said.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand. You can’t possibly know what’s going to happen in the future.”
Liam’s wings appeared and slowly unfolded. Missy’s eyes grew wide, and she sat back on the couch. Adela studied him with a critical eye. He was magnificent standing in the middle of the small space. He looked large and proud and every inch like the Angel of Death he was. 
Missy looked to Adela, then back at Liam. “What’s going on here? Who are you?”
“It’s quite a story,” Adela began, hearing the nervousness in her voice. “Liam and I are Angels of Death. Things on this planet are in bad shape, Missy. We’ve been pulled from our stations to help bring more love into the world. Jeff is our first assignment.”
Missy gasped, and looked from one to the other as if they were crazy. “I’m sorry, I still don’t understand.”
“In a nutshell, the world has too much hate in it,” Liam said. “It grows and spreads like weeds, consuming all it infects. The very opposite of hate is love. Jeff needs love in his life, and we’re here to make sure that happens before the darkness overtakes him and at worst, he hurts someone or commits suicide.”
Adela imagined that this was a bit much for Missy to take and tried to put herself in her shoes. Honestly, what Liam was saying made perfect sense, but it was different coming from an honest-to-God angel’s mouth, and it had to be overwhelming.
Missy stared at him, rubbing her eyes, as if she did not believe what she was hearing or seeing. Finally, she said, “I appreciate your logic, Liam, if that’s your name, but there’s one problem. Jeff loves Sara, not me.”
“Sara’s dead, Missy,” Adela declared. She cringed as Missy burst into tears all over again. She had to remember that death for mortals was a tragedy and she should have delivered the news with a little more tact.
“How do you know?” Missy sobbed.
“We watched her die,” Liam said.
“Y-you watched her die? How?”
“We’re Angels of Death, Missy. That’s what we do. We deliver people to their final resting place of Heaven,” Liam explained.
“Did Sara go there? To Heaven?”
“Yes.”
“How did she die?”
“It’s best you don’t know all the facts, Missy. You know that it’s coming, but it’s best if you find out the details when Jeff does.”
“Missy,” Adela said in a quiet voice, “Jeff is going to find out about Sara soon. When he does, you need to be there for him, okay?”
Missy nodded. “When will he find out?”
“We don’t know that,” Liam answered. “It will be soon though.”

Chapter 39
“Good God, I’m bored,” Liam grumbled three hours later.
“As am I.”
They heard footsteps in the hall and then someone knocked on a door. Voices carried in from the hall. “This could be it,” he said. “Let’s go.”
After ghosting through the doorway, they saw a policeman standing at Jeff’s door. They spoke in low tones. “It’s her, Jeff. I’m really sorry about this, but you’re going to have to identify the body.”
“I just got the divorce papers today!” Jeff exclaimed. Liam could tell he was trying to hold it together.
The blackness was a part of Jeff now, something they could physically see. It hovered around him, hugging him like a second skin. They would find out in the next few minutes what his fate would be.
“I’m sorry, man,” the officer apologized. “You need to identify the body. The divorce wasn’t final, so it all lays on your shoulders.”
Jeff’s body began to shake; his eyes welled with tears. “No,” he whispered. “No.” 
“Jesus, Jeff. I’m so sorry. Is there anyone I can call?”
“Come on, Missy,” Liam said under his breath. They had sat with Missy for almost two hours, and then she had said she was going stir crazy and would be back shortly.
The blackness grew and morphed around Jeff as if it were going to swallow him whole.
Just then, they heard footsteps coming up the stairs. Both turned to see Missy coming down the hall, carrying a Starbucks coffee cup.
She stopped when she saw the policeman and Jeff huddled together. Fear crossed her face and she hurried over. “Jeff? What’s happening?”
Liam smiled at her Oscar-worthy performance of ignorance.
Jeff’s anger and sadness were a palpable presence now. He stared at her with wide, glassy eyes, his whole body shaking. “Sara,” he whispered.
“What? What about Sara?” Missy asked.
“She’s dead,” Jeff whispered.
Missy took two steps toward him and held out her arms. “Oh, Jeff. I’m so sorry.”
As he fell into her embrace, Liam and Adela watched the darkness around Jeff slowly fade into a grey color, and then dissipate like a mist. Jeff hugged Missy hard, and his body shook with grief. His sobs came from deep within his soul.
“I’ll leave you two,” the officer said. “Call me if you need me, Jeff.”
“Come on, Jeff, let’s go inside,” Missy urged, leading him into his apartment.
“I do believe you have succeeded in your mission,” Evangeline said from behind them.
Liam turned around. “How can we be sure?”
Evangeline smiled. “Trust me. Trust in the Creator. You have done well.”
Liam’s chest lightened, and he smiled at Adela. “Good job, partner,” he said, pulling her into a bear hug. He noticed that she didn’t flinch or try to pull away. In fact, she laced her arms around his neck and laid her head on his shoulder for a second. The relief he felt at their success flowed through him. They’d done it. They’d saved Jeff.
Adela stepped back and smiled at him. “Yes. We did well.”
Jeff was a good guy and Missy was a nice woman. Liam hoped that they took good care of each other and loved each other as they both deserved. Gunnar might have been right about some people not being any better than animals, but he was wrong on Jeff and Missy. Those were two people who deserved the happiness love could bring. Maybe he and Adela would be able to sneak back and check up on them one day. He would love to see them happy and enjoying their lives.
“So what’s next, Evangeline?” Liam asked, not taking his gaze off Adela and feeling invigorated, like he could take on the world.
“Your next assignment, of course.”
Of course. In a way, he was taking on the world. Well, bring it. Game on.
“As Angels of Death?” Adela asked. Liam could hear the hope in her voice.
“I’m afraid not, Adela. As Angels of Affection.”
Adela’s face fell, but then she smiled at Liam. “Well, let’s hope this next assignment goes a little smoother.”
Liam nodded. Although Adela might have her doubts about the next assignment, he was happy he would be working with her again.
“We’ll be human again, right?” he asked.
“Yes, you will.”
“And when do we start?” Adela asked.
“After a brief trip to Heaven, your next assignment will begin.”
“Well, let’s go,” Liam said.
The three angels soared into the night sky. Liam thought about letting Adela in and telling her about Annie, his raging guilt, and his hard and fast ways of running away from himself after Annie’s death. What would she think of him then? Would she still give him that shy smile? Would she even want to talk to him? Would she feel disgust toward him when she heard of all the women he had used? Maybe it was best to keep things to himself. He liked Adela, and it was probably prudent to keep their relationship the way it was: all business.
As he glanced over at Adela, her long, blonde hair flying out behind her, she smiled at him, and if he had a working heart at that moment, it would have beat a little faster. Yes, it was best to keep Adela at arm’s length and not get too close. Eventually, they would go back to being Angels of Death. He couldn’t let this assignment and the beauty of being human again cloud his judgment. Adela deserved far better than him.
He reached over and gave her hand a squeeze, longing to feel her human flesh against his. Liam hoped the next assignment would indeed be easier. He just had to remember to keep his eyes open and look at what was directly in front of him.

Dear Reader,
Thank you for your purchase! I would greatly appreciate if you went to where you bought this book and left a review. 
Thank you!

If you enjoyed this book, I would also like to encourage you to check out my other books at CarlyFall.com

Including the award winning series, the Six Saviors Series

For giveaways, sneak peeks into new books and general awesomeness, please join my monthly newsletter

If you enjoyed this book, you will want to read the other books in the Angels of Affection Series

Again, thank you!

About the Author

Carly Fall is an award-winning author, a wife, a mother and a slave to the dog, Nicky. 
She is the author of the Amazon Best Selling Series the Six Saviors, and Contemporary Romance titles Time or Money, Against the Ropes and Chica Bella.



For contests, giveaways, and sneak peeks into upcoming books, please subscribe to her newsletter

To contact Carly:
CarlyFall.com
Facebook.com/CarlyFallPage
Twitter: @CarlyFall1

