			
                                  Infected
           Book 1













A novella 
By: Doris Qualls
                                                                                     Infected
Doris Qualls
Copyright Doris Qualls 2014
Published at Smashwords

   It was another foggy day in central California. I finished up my anatomy class and was calling it a day. I hopped into my black Honda civic and drove through the impenetrable fog to the apartment I co-inhabited with my cousin Zoe. As I drove home I wondered if she had made the soup she promised me. Fighting off this cold wasn’t my idea of fun and she made the most amazing chicken noodle soup! I dreamed about it all the way home.
   I quickly pulled into the parking lot of our lowly, yellow apartment complex. Her car was in the spot next to mine. Yes! I would have soup today! I entered the house and found her asleep on the couch with her tablet next to her and her headphones in her ears. Great, No soup I thought. She awoke as the door creaked.
   “I left you some soup in the microwave Breanne.” 
   “You are amazing Zoe! Thank you so much!” I ecstatically replied. So she made it after all, I thought. Zoe was a napper and was always asleep on the couch, so it was nothing for her to say she would do something and sleep the afternoon away instead. 
   “Hey Bre,” Zoe interrupted my train of thought.  “I was watching the news today and they said the fog would last another week minimum. I think that sucks.” Zoe stated.
   I responded with a sigh and a simple, “Yeah it does.”
   I drowned my evasive thoughts in the nasty Tule fog for a while as I ate my soup, wondering how many accidents we would see in the outskirts of town this week. The fog was so thick it was like driving with a white sheet on the windshield of your car and hoping you made it safely wherever you were going. You should forget the thought of trying to drive in the outskirts of town by the orange groves, there was no way you were making it out of there alive. Well, some people managed but it wasn’t a great idea to try it if you weren’t used to it. I’m still trying to figure out why people liked living in the country. The only benefit I can see is the fact that you get complete solace and were able to enjoy the sweet, inviting smell of the orange blossoms in the early spring. 
   I finished my soup and plopped on the couch next to Zoe. She was watching the news as usual. I think she had our T.V. programmed to be set on the news permanently.  These days it was always full of tragedy and I never could figure out why she watched it.
   I spaced out until I heard another announcement about the cure for the aids virus. Here we go again I thought. But this time it was different. The news caster stated that scientists were just days away from finding a cure to the deadly disease by mutating it. 
   “Yeah, that’s going to happen!” Zoe said sarcastically. I doubted it myself as we had heard that statement too many times to count. I walked away bored, sleepy and ready to take a nap. 
   I woke up the next day. My awakening thought was so fuzzy that I felt like I hadn’t slept at all. I slowly stumbled into the shower, washed up and then quickly ran off school. Geometry was my only class for the day. Upon entering my class I was warmly greeted by one of my good friends.
   “Bre! How are you feeling today? I know you were horribly sick yesterday,” Maria stated.
   Maria was 25, a beautiful Hispanic girl with the kind of hair that we all envied. She had the perfect figure and nice child bearing hips. Her silky brown hair and gorgeous, soft brown eyes made so many men turn their heads. Above all of that was her caring personality. I’ve never met another person who was that beautiful and also that kind. She was the total package. It was an honor to have her as my friend. 
   “I am feeling a bit better. Zoe made me some chicken soup and I slept the whole day away. That bug ain’t got nothin’ on me!” I replied.
   “So do you think you will be up for going out this weekend?” Maria enquired.
   “Probably. Catch me later this week.”
   “Achem!!!” Barked Professor Gilly. Apparently he was trying to get our attention.
   “If we are all done chatting, open up your textbooks to page 112.”
   I barely made it through that class. My mind kept wandering. As soon as class was over I high tailed it out of there. When I returned home, I realized I had an empty apartment. Zoe was probably in one of her criminology classes. I was happy to have an empty house because I was the type that liked to be alone. Solitude suited me, I think because I am so introverted. Don’t get me wrong, there are times I liked to be alone, but there were times I needed company. This is one of the times I wanted to be alone. Feeling a bit nostalgic, I cracked open one of my photo albums. That is probably the only thing I have in my possession that is from my past.
   My mother wasn’t very persistent at taking pictures, but she managed to get some important photos of my childhood. There on the first page was one of me right after I was born with my father holding me. After that was a photo of my first birthday, and next was my first day at school. Lastly there was a picture of her. Sometimes I just liked to look at it and remember our time together but that often resulted in anger on my part. Last time I seen her she looked the same, just aged a little. I am a carbon copy of her. Just looking in the mirror most of the time reminded me of her.
   She was about my height. She was 5/8, thin, reddish brown hair, sparkling blue eyes. Many people said she was just plain beautiful. My father often told her she could have been a model if she wanted to. Thinking back, she must have been beautiful because she turned the head of nearly every male just about anywhere we went. She was beautiful in a classy way. She didn’t have to show skin to get men’s attention, and she certainly held the attention of my father all those years. They didn’t just have a physical attraction for one another, they had a special kind of love that I don’t think I will never comprehend. One says to understand that type of love is to experience it. Maybe that’s the problem for me.
   As far back as I can recall, my parents never had any real issues. We attended church religiously every Sunday. We were the perfect family. I didn’t think life could get any better but yet, it seemed to almost every day. Well that is until 3 days before my 15th birthday.
   I’ll never forget that day because it was the day my life was forever changed. I remember sitting in the family room with my mother on a Friday night waiting for dad to get back from the grocery store. He was picking up the popcorn mom sent him out for so that we could begin movie night. He was taking longer than usual and that was not like him. After sitting there for what felt like a lifetime, the phone rang. Mom picked up the phone, began looking pale and shocked then sat down. Next she said to me, “We need to get to the emergency room now. Your father has been in an accident.”
   She was so sick with worry that she made me drive. By the time we got there and found his room we were met with a nurse. She stopped us before we could get inside. “Maam,” She said. “Would you please step with me into the conference room to meet with the doctor? He will be right with us”. 
   My mom lost it. She and I both knew why we were being intercepted. Something was seriously wrong. The nurse tried her best to console her but she knew it was not an option at this point. All she could do was conceal us in that conference room until the doctor arrived. All I could do was hold my mother. I was numb, terrified and fuming that the doctor kept us waiting.
The doctor, I still remember his name-David Jennings. He was a Porterville emergency room doctor. He was trusted for the most part, but only as much as Porterville hospital could be trusted, and that is not saying a lot. He approached the room and asked if he could speak with my mom. She verified who she was and then those fateful words came out.
  “I’m sorry Mrs. Jacobs. We did everything we could. He didn’t make it”.
   The rest of the night was a blur. The doctor had to sedate my mother. I’m not sure if he did it because of her blood curdling screams, or because she had become violent about it. Thinking back, I think it was a mixture of both. We spent the night holding each other in the E.R., because the doctor didn’t want to release her until she was stable. 6pm the next evening we were finally headed home with a prescription for my mom for xanax and strict instructions for taking it. 
   My mother grew to be emotionless over time. My father’s death took a great toll on her. She stopped attending church. She pushed away anyone who loved her. She even screamed at those sweet ladies from the church that brought her meals in those first few weeks. She also became distant with me. 
   And that is around the time she sent me to live with my Aunt Brooke. Aunt Brooke was more than accommodating to me. She comforted me and loved me the way my mom neglected to in those days following the accident. It wasn’t the same as having a mother’s love but it was pretty darn close. But if I could ever say that I had a second mom, it would have been her. Aunt Brooke was fun to be around and she certainly kept me from being serious all of the time. Her free spirit rubbed off on me for sure. I can vividly remember her turning on the music channel and blasting Aerosmith’s Walk this way. She always made me dance with her. I felt goofy about it but it was sort of therapeutic. I guess she knew what I needed at the time more than I did. To this day I still blast music and dance awkwardly to it. 
   Mom would call every few weeks or so to check on me but eventually the calls ceased and we never heard from her again. Aunt Brooke and I tried to find her but to no avail. The neighbors said she was doing some pretty weird stuff before she disappeared. She probably ended up in some psych ward after that. Who knows. All I knew was I was 15 and alone in this world. Not only did I lose my father, but I also lost my mother that dreadful day. 
   Living with Aunt Brooke wasn’t bad. It was as nice as it could be for an orphaned 15 year old that had her whole life ripped away from her. I think my saving grace during that time was my cousin Zoe. Zoe was understanding but not pushy about discussing my feelings. She knew how to listen. She quickly became my best friend. If it hadn’t been for her, I would not have made it through the whole next year of my life. 
   Zoe is different from other people, but not in a bad way. She is kind of a tough girl and a year younger than me. Most people would look at her and call her a tomboy. She liked guns and could work on a car with the best of men! She never ceased to amaze me. She was tough yet she could let you cry on her shoulder and reassure you that it was gonna be alright. 
   We didn’t move off to college like we had planned. I don’t think either of us was ready for such a commitment yet. So we did the next best thing that anyone from a small town does. We got an apartment together and attended community college. 
   I am 23 now and we are still best friends. We fight like any other family sharing a tiny apartment. But I wouldn’t change my life right now for anything else. We lived in somewhat solitude together. She knows me so well that she knows when to talk and when not to. I’m just now beginning to move on with my life, but there are still days like today that I am a bit sad. She calls me moody, but she is wrong. I am only still processing my emotions. Thumbing through photo albums probably doesn’t help my emotions.
   Zoe is not much different now from how she was when I moved in with her and Aunt Brooke, although she is a bit more tattooed than my taste. I begged her not to get tattoos where people could see them but she didn’t think it was a bad idea. I guess it all feeds into her tough girl image. It’s not just an image though; she is kind of a tough girl. 
   I decided it was time to stop reminiscing about the past, because it was kind of a downer. So I did some house work and then decided to rest off this cold. I turned on the TV. for some background noise and next thing I know I was waking up to the afternoon news. 
   “The country is on a state of emergency. The scientists that were working on mutating the aids virus in order to find a cure have made some huge mistakes. They have mutated the virus into something completely different and have accidentally infected some of the population with this new super virus. The effects are unknown at this time, but we do know the virus is quickly spreading. It has not been released as to exactly how the virus is spreading or what symptoms it is causing. Please stay tuned to our news broadcast for more information on the spot.” Proclaimed anchor Snow on our local channel 9 news. 
   “What the heck,” proclaimed Zoe from her chair in the corner of the room. 
   Startled I responded, “When did you come in?!”
   “You were asleep dummy! Did you hear the news? What does this mean?”
   “I wish I knew,” I replied.
   “I guess we should keep an eye on the news and try to keep from going out unless we have to. It sounds kind of serious.”
   We stayed in the rest of the evening anxiously waiting for more news flashes. The 11 O’clock news started with a repeat of the earlier broadcast and followed with the statement that they assumed the virus was airborne. They highly recommended taking precautions when leaving home. 
   The public was in a panic. Local clinics were offering free face masks as well as most churches. I think the majority of it was lack of understanding because the government wasn’t giving any details at this point. Classes were cancelled until further notice so that left Zoe and I to our apartment alone. We spent a few weeks holed up in the apartment but we had to leave at some point because we needed food. 
  Only the brave or desperate decided to venture out to get supplies. Something was eerie about the world now. Everything appeared lifeless. As we sprinted through the aisles of the grocery store, face masks adorned, we began to notice that the lifeless feeling wasn’t just a feeling. People were different. An elderly lady wearing a face mask looked like she had seen a ghost. Most people were rushing through the store but the seldom few weren’t. 
   Zoe and I tried to hurry to get what we needed, double teaming it. We approached the register, quickly tossed our groceries on the belt and were standing there when I noticed a man. He was tall, thin, and normal looking except in his eyes. Those eyes looked a bit off. They were lifeless. 
   He approached me from behind and attempted to grab my shoulders. Zoe quickly intercepted and shoved an elbow into the man’s face, knocking over the chip display. He made a loud grunt but tried to come at me again. Zoe played bodyguard really well. The cashier screamed and ran away once she noticed the blood streaming off of the guy’s head. I quickly grabbed my groceries, threw them back in the cart and ran outside. Something was wrong-very wrong.

Chapter 2

ZOE
   It wasn’t like me to steal. I planned on going back with a list of the items so that I could pay for them later. Breanne and I were desperate. Something was seriously haywire with the world. Why was this some big secret? The government was obviously hiding the severity of the issue. We waited for a week before any update, and this is what the official press release finally said:
   “The United States of America is in a state of emergency. The mutated AIDS virus has taken on another form. Scientists are calling this new disease Z. Ombie. The scientist that is responsible for releasing the virus, Dr. John Ombie is being held by the U.S. government and is working on a cure. The virus was discovered to escape during one of his test trials. Z. Ombie is being transmitted through bodily contact with infected humans. Research is showing that it is not transmitted through breathing on someone, or as say someone would catch the flu or a cold. Initial symptoms of the virus are extreme fatigue, hunger, fever, confusion, bleeding and loss of memory. Long term effects are not known at this time. If you or someone you know has symptoms common to these, please alert the CDC. Free clinics will be offered in every town for anyone presenting these symptoms. Scientists have developed a breathalyzer test to determine if someone is infected and will give instant results. Face masks will no longer be required although we are warned of any human contact at this point. Please take special precautions in not spreading the virus if you have come into contact with it. If you think you are infected, please stay away from other people and head directly to one of the nearby clinics. These clinics are the only certified treatment stations. I repeat, only go to Z. ombie, or “Z” for short, treatment centers. Please everyone, be safe! This is Matt Gurney, Channel 9 news.”
 The screen showed the only clinic in town to be on West Putnam street and is open 24 hours a day. Breanne and I got in the car and drove down there out of curiosity. The line was half way down the next block. People were waiting at the entrance for their chance to breathe. Gosh, people are such hypochondriacs I thought. 
   “Do you think this many people are infected already Zoe?” Breanne asked.
   “No, I think these people are idiots and paranoid if you want my opinion,” I stated. “There is no way it has spread this fast.”
   “I wonder what they are doing with the people that are infected?” Breanne asked, almost looking sick. All of the hype was taking a toll on her. Breanne worried too much and something like this did not help. 
   “Well, let’s pull over and watch for a while and see if they take anyone in”.
   So we waited. We watched for over an hour. Finally someone tested positive. A person in a biohazard suit exited the building and took the man inside.
  “Why are they wearing biohazard suits?” Bre asked.
  “Must be a precaution.” 
   “Let’s go home, I’m done watching this,” declared Breanne. 
   I don’t know what to make of all of this craziness. Just last week the world was fine and today people are lined up at a free government clinic and being quarantined. This is madness. 
   It was kinda creepy leaving the house now. The last time we left a psycho tried to grab Breanne. There is no way I was going to let that happen again, I decided. It’s not that Bre was weak, I’ve just grown very protective of her since the accident. My initial thoughts are to carry my little 22 around with me so that if anyone tries to touch us they will soon regret it. I will not hesitate to put someone in their place if the need be. The world has grown insane and maybe it has caused some insanity in me too. 
   We arrived home and turned the T.V. to the 24 hour news station. Everybody was glued to the news now. It didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know. Then the thought hit me, I haven’t been able to reach mom or my brother Chris for over a week. I wondered for a while if something was wrong. People in town were already becoming infected, surely Fresno had infected people too. 
   “Bre, I haven’t been able to reach mom or Chris for over a week now. I’m starting to worry. Do you think I should go check on them? I know it’s risky leaving the house right now but this is kind of important.”
   Bre didn’t hesitate to offer her opinion. “Let’s go.”
   So we jumped in her dirty Honda and sped on hwy 99 to go check on Chris and mom.
   The world was in chaos everywhere and Fresno was even worse. Roads were jammed, people were wandering around aimlessly, and many stores were closed. At almost every block was an accident, bloody people were wandering everywhere.
   Finally we reached mom’s house and I could tell instantly something was wrong. It was night time and the porch light was off. Mom never left the porch light off at night and especially not in the fog. I quickly approached the house and cautiously turned the door handle. I was surprised to see the lights inside off as well. It was only a little after 8 pm.
   I knocked and nobody answered. So I turned the door handle and suddenly I hear a loud SWOOSH sound. My instant reaction was to reach for whatever is being swung at me. I caught the bat mid swing and boy did that hurt! I hear Chris swear and then run for the back door. 
   “Chris!” I anxiously cried out, “It’s me, Zoe!”
   My younger brother Chris ran at me frantically sobbing and held me so tight that I couldn’t breathe. Chris was only 17 years old. He wasn’t the crying type so this caught me off guard. 
   “Chris, what’s wrong? Why are you guarding the door with a baseball bat?”
   “Just yesterday mom went crazy on me and I had to lock her out of the house. She hung out outside for almost a day and finally she left a few hours ago. I must have forgotten to lock the door back the last time I checked the yard.”
   Chris brushed his mid length blonde hair out of his eyes so he could see me more clearly. I quickly locked the door and turned on the lights. There was safety in numbers I decided. 
   Poor Chris was a sight. He looked like he hadn’t slept, showered or ate for days. He was fairly tall with blonde Beiber like hair and soft blue eyes. He was a muscular, medium build but I noticed a definite change in his weight since the last time I saw him.
   “When is the last time you ate or showered Chris?” I motherly demanded of him.
   “I don’t know sis. Like I said, things have been nuts around here. I don’t understand what is going on.”

   “Do us all a favor and go take a fast shower. I’ll make you something to eat and then we can talk about what happened.”
   He obeyed like the good little man that he was. 
Chapter 3 

BREANNE
   Zoe quickly whipped up some chorizo and eggs with tortillas for her brother. Chris was out of the shower before I even knew he was in. I hated seeing him like his. I couldn’t keep the thoughts from flooding my mind. Was he ok? What happened to him? Where was Aunt Brooke? What the heck could have startled him so bad that he was waiting by the door with a baseball bat? Why hasn’t he ate or showered? What happened to my sweet little cousin Chris? 
   I know he isn’t little anymore. He was 16 and practically a man. He was certainly every teenage girl’s dream. I remember a time when we couldn’t fight the girls off fast enough. Chris was used to being the center of attention. He was strong and always so calm, cool and collected that it shocked me to see him this way. 
   I couldn’t help and let my worry be known. “Chris, now tell us from the beginning what happened.”
   “Yeah, I want to know where mom is,” demanded Zoe.
   Chris could barely hold back the tears. “Well, you know how mom works at the clinic? She came home from work early one day with a fever. I figured she caught the flu since its going around right now. She was pretty sick so I stayed home all week to take care of her. She slept a lot and ate like a horse. She didn’t get better after a few days. She just kinda lost it,” he paused in deep thought.
   Through his tears he continued, “She got a weird look in her eyes and started acting confused. I kept taking her temperature because I didn’t understand what was going on. Yesterday she even forgot who I was. I tried to get her in the car to take her to the hospital and that’s when it all happened.” Chris paused, with an obviously pained expression painted on his face.
   His bottom lip quivered. “When I tried to move her she attacked me. She tried to hit me and she was groaning. Then she tried to bite me.”
   I couldn’t hide my distress at this point, but all signs pointed to the Z virus. Chris lost it at that point. All of his emotions poured out over his eggs. Tears ran so fast from his cheeks that there was quickly a pool on his plate. Zoe speedily grabbed him up into a hug and they cried together until his face became numb.
   “I don’t know what was wrong with her. I called the police to see if they could help. All they did was tell me to get her to the “Z” clinic. When I was on the phone with them she snatched the phone out of my hand and threw it up against the wall. Then she ran and hid my phone. She looked like a crazy person.”
   “And that’s why you didn’t call me,” Zoe concluded.
   “Yeah.”
   “So what happened then?” I asked.
   “The only thing I could do was get her outside and lock the doors. She stood at the door and windows making crazy noises and clawing at the windows trying to get in. It’s almost like she forgot how to do anything. I figured she would break a widow or something but she didn’t. It was strange. I stayed up all night watching this, hoping she would stop so I could get her to the hospital. But she didn’t. She kept it up until late this afternoon. So I sat here with a bat in case she tried to hurt me. I kept all of the lights off so she would think I left. I couldn’t call anyone because she hid my phone. I don’t think the cops would have helped me anyway. They did say they’ve been getting a lot of calls lately.”
   “So mom left, just like that? Her car is still here. Did she leave on foot?” Zoe asked.
   “Yeah. It was strange. She hobbled away. I hope she doesn’t come back all crazy today. I need to sleep. I was up all night,” Chris declared.
   “Well, I think until we know what is going on you should come home with us,” I begged.
   He didn’t hesitate to take me up on my offer. He hastily packed his bags and was waiting by the door for us. He had 2 bags, one for clothes and toiletries, and one for his play-station and I-pad. He was a true game addict. Zoe searched the house for mom’s purse and quickly returned with credit cards and money. 
   “He has to eat right?” Zoe laughed.
   We got in the car and headed back to Porterville. I hated the ride from Fresno to Porterville. Hwy 99 was probably one of the worst highways in California. The state spent billions of tax dollars in an attempt to “fix” the highway but they ended up making it worse. The road had so many bumps and potholes it was pathetic. This fog wasn’t making it any easier either. You can guarantee at sundown it was practically zero visibility. Crawling home at 20mph wasn’t my idea of fun. It took us a little under 4 hours to get home when it usually took us an hour. It was a quiet 4 hour drive, but none of us could bring ourselves to talk. I think we just needed time to process the last day’s events. 
   After getting Chris settled in, we all sat around the kitchen table and had some warm tea. Zoe heated up a pizza pocket for Chris and he pretty much devoured it. 3 pizza pockets later we finally talked.
   “So Chris, have you watched the news in the last week?” I asked.
   “No. Why, what’s going on?” He replied.
   I explained the virus and how it all started. The look on his face was pure terror. 
   “Do you think that’s what happened to mom?”
   Zoe hesitantly replied this time. “Yes.”
   “So what are we going to do? We need to help her!”
   “Not if we can’t find her. There are squads patrolling each town looking for “Lost” people. There is nothing we can do for her that they won’t. Putting ourselves around her right now is just putting us at risk. For now you need to stay with us until we know what is happening to her.” Zoe paused. “We need to buy you a phone and anything else you will need over the next few weeks or at least until we know what has happened to her.”
   “I’ll alert the CDC that she has symptoms and is wandering around Fresno.” I interrupted. I felt like I was being helpful. 
   The next morning I looked out of my bedroom window only to see a pane of white covering everything. The fog wasn’t lifting anytime soon. I dressed in some of my warmest clothes since we were venturing out to shop that day. Town was eerily quiet once again. I’m assuming it was because everyone was heeding to the warnings to stay inside.
   With Aunt Brooke’s credit card in hand, we approached Wal-Mart. The store was practically empty. Zoe flashed me a mischievous smile, faintly lifted up the edge of her shirt to reveal her handgun to me. Chris thankfully didn’t notice and all I could do in reply was chuckle. I knew Zoe all too well. She was going to protect what she loved at any expense. 
   We trailed the aisles picking up all of Chris’ necessities, including a prepaid smart phone. Zoe led us to sporting goods to buy some ammo. 
   “Better safe than sorry, I always say,” declared Zoe.
   She packed as much ammo as they would allow her onto the counter. The cashier didn’t seem to notice anything wrong with what she just did although he commented that he’s seen a lot of that the last few days. I kindly commented back that he was brave working under conditions like this. He smiled in response and we went our way. 
   We hit the grocery aisles next and stocked up on as much as our little apartment could fit and then proceeded home. We made it to the store and back with no problems. I wasn’t expecting that.
   Later that afternoon I could hear Zoe on the phone through the walls of our bedrooms. She was placing a call to her grandpa. She told him the whole story and then began to reply with: I know gramps. Im taking care of him. We are protected. We have plenty of food and ammo. Ok, you can bring more. Ok I’ll see you in a few days. Thank you gramps. Love you. 
   That’s the worst part of living in cheap apartments; you could hear everything through the walls. Zoe walked into my room to inform me that her grandfather would be visiting and he was bringing us more guns and ammo. He would also be taking us out to the shooting range and teaching us how to protect ourselves. It probably couldn’t hurt to learn how to use a gun especially since the world we once knew was falling apart around us. 
   He arrived that Tuesday. “Gramps” apparently didn’t have a name since that’s what he introduced himself as. He gave me a firm hand shake. I studied his face. He was healthy for a man of 70. He had salt and pepper hair and grey blue eyes. I could definitely see the resemblance between him and Zoe. He was a hard man, trained in combat. He served our country many years in the military. He certainly knew his guns. I decided that is probably where Zoe got her love of guns.
   We stayed at the shooting range practically all day learning and asking questions. Gramps said his goodbyes and Zoe actually cried when he left, which is rare. It was probably only the 3rd time I’ve ever seen her cry. I went home that night confident in my ability to use any type of gun and gramps surely left us an assortment to choose from at any time. 
   We got home and I slept. The last few weeks have been exhausting to me. It wasn’t easy staying locked up in an apartment either. School wasn’t starting back any time soon so all we could do was stay busy at home and try not to venture out too much. 
   The next few weeks weren’t that bad. Between internet, Chris’ Play-station and books I didn’t have too much time to get bored, but I did miss the sunlight. The fog finally lifted for now and it was back to our usual sunny, 65 degrees in January. I was feeling like a caged animal and I knew they were too. Finally I voiced my concern and was shocked to hear they were feeling caged too. So we bravely decided to set out.
   We ended up at a park that not a lot of people knew about. It was a small park that mostly drug dealers used at night. I didn’t care at that point, I just needed out of the apartment. We sat in the grass for the longest time just burning up some vitamin d. 
   And there she was. She was an awkwardly behaving woman. She kind of dragged her left leg and had a strange gray tone to her skin. She moaned gently as she approached us. That’s when I noticed blood trailing down her arm. She was injured. Was she infected or had she been attacked? It wasn’t until she jumped at Chris that I knew which it was.
   Chris gave her a quick karate chop and we all dashed to the car.
   “What the heck is going on here? Are all the infected violent?” Chris asked.
   “I don’t know Chris,” Zoe replied. “But I’m determined to find out.”
   We watched the news faithfully over the next few days. Finally we were getting somewhere. The news proclaimed that as the disease progressed, the infected were getting violent. The violence was mostly coming through bites and scratches. It gave me a flash back of the chunk out of the lady’s arm at the park that day. 
   Over the next few days the 24 hour news channel became our larger source of help. After all, how could newly news junkies get their fix faster? We watched reports that claimed Z. Ombie was making its rounds around America. Apparently 1/10 of people were infected with the virus at this point. News casts were filled with violent images of people attacking other people. Blood was shed and humans were taking bites out of other humans. One lady was moaning, “BRAINS!”, and attempting to take a bite out of another person’s head. We watched as it showed lines of people forcing the blood covered people they love into breathalyzer lines, and then people screaming as their family member was removed by the CDC and held in the “Z” clinics.
   So the virus was turning people violent, I thought. The government offered no source of hope concerning this. All they told the nation was that they were working on getting this under control and that scientists were working day and night on a cure. That offered us no hope. From what Zoe, Chris and I could see, this problem was just going to get worse. 
  “It’s funny the virus is called z. ombie,” Chris commented. “They should just call them zombies.” Chris and I let out a big belly laugh.
   “Chris! I think you are onto something!” Cried Zoe. “They are trying to eat flesh and are trying to feast on brains after all.” She quickly joined in on the laugh.
   Apparently Chris wasn’t the only one with that brilliant idea. Before long the news was calling them zombies. It was catching. Many people made jokes about the whole thing but it was kind of eerie to me that these people looked and behaved like zombies.
   Later that evening I went out. I didn’t tell Zoe or Chris because they were asleep, but I assumed the town was as dead as it was before. We needed milk so I headed out to the convenience store. The store was packed full of people much to my surprise. The poor Indian clerk could barely keep up with all the demands people were making on him. Sweat was beading on his forehead as he struggled. Some people were just walking out with what they wanted and he could do nothing to stop them. He screamed profanities at them and began throwing stuff. People continued to grab and run, accompanied by the occasional ducking.
   I turned to the counter with my gallon of milk and a man grabbed me. He looked fine and certainly didn’t look like one of the infected. He wasn’t bloody at all. He looked me in the eye and attempted to take a huge bite out of my forearm. Suddenly an older man jumped in between us, maced the zombie and yanked me away from the flesh eater. He dragged me outside by the hood of my purple hoodie.
   “Miss! What in the world is wrong with you?!!” he shouted.
  “I’m so grateful to you for saving me, but what did I do wrong sir?” I defensively replied.
   “Are you crazy going out in public without some sort of protection? You could really get hurt with all of these zombies running around! Have you no common sense?”
   Hurt by this stranger’s words I only responded, “Yes sir, I must be crazy. I guess I didn’t realize it was this bad.” 
   He took me by the arm and led me to my car. He proceeded to tell me that we needed to talk if I wanted to survive.
   This stranger’s goal in life, his mission, is to educate people because the government was not doing its job. Why I accepted this stranger in my car was beyond me. Desperate times made people desperate, I guess. I stared out of the car window into the scummy parking lot of the convenience store. The exterior of the building needed some serious TLC and it was apparent that this store owner had lost his pride. The paint was peeling; the cement was stained and covered with black spots that I could only assume to be gum. It was apparent that he didn’t care about the cleanliness of his business and apparently I didn’t care either because I still shopped there.
   “Miss, are you listening to me? What I have to say is very important!” The stranger asked, pulling me back to reality.
   “Yeah. Sorry. Please continue.”
   “So as I was saying, Zombies are not the undead as people are guessing, they are living with an infectious disease that slowly kills them. This is not some scary story of flesh eating monsters. Zombies are humans, look human and are very much alive in the beginning. There is no way to tell they are infected in the initial stages. Zombies can eat human food in the early stage, but lose some capabilities. They do not know they are infected. As they progress into the next phase, they start craving the smell of humans, the look in their eyes changes and they begin to realize they want to eat human flesh and brains.  They don’t know what it is that they are craving yet but they know the craving is intense. For them it’s like a heroin addict needing a fix. Once they noticeably start changing, they don’t want food anymore. It’s the cells in the human body they are craving. They crave it because so many of their cells are dying off too quickly. It really is an attempt at survival for them. Their mind tricks their bodies into thinking that ingesting cells will help them renew their own dead cells. And that my dear, is the first stage which lasts about 2 weeks.”
   “The second stage they begin to lack the ability to give into the urge. Their body starts decimating and facial features change. They start lacking normal communication skills and forget human basics. For example, they can knock on a door but cannot turn the handle. The violence starts when they stop resisting the urge to eat cells. The second stage lasts between 2-8 weeks.”
   ”The third stage is where they have an intense urge to feast on everything in sight. They become violent while trying to chase their captors. Their hearts eventually stop beating at this point, in which they lose all control and die. They are actually the undead. They want flesh and brains. They are undead so there is no more time to the stage. The only way to kill them is to put a bullet in their brain or decapitation. This seems like a scary movie, but let’s face it sister, it is a scary movie become reality,” he continued.
   “What I don’t understand is how you know all of this information. I don’t mean to be rude, but some of it is farfetched. Don’t get me wrong, some of it seems dead on but walking dead people? Come on. You are right; the whole thing does seem like a scary movie. Like a zombie movie,” I replied.
   “Little miss, I’m going to let you in on a little secret. Do you see all of those clinics in each town? I developed those. I am the creator of the “Z” clinics. People who are infected are taken into the “Treatment Centers” to be studied. There are no cures yet and no known treatments. People who enter there are test subjects. Yes, they are taking them out of the public to save the rest of humanity, but they know so little about the virus to actually help anyone. Little lady, you are just gonna have to trust me on this. Do your best to protect yourself. Don’t have any skin exposed if you can help it. Even one little scratch and you are a gonner. And for love’s sake carry around a gun! The government is about to give out a free handgun and 3 months supply of ammo because they know they are having trouble getting this under control. Once you see this on the news you will know that everything I’ve been saying is true.”
   “Mister, thank you for the information and thank you for caring enough to let me know. I will carefully consider everything you told me today, but I never did get your name.”
   “My name is John little lady. John O. Now I’ve gotta go. The big misses is waiting for me at home. You go take care of yourself now,” he said as he briskly walked away. 
 What a strange encounter. Who was this man? John O? He created those clinics? Confusing, but I think he was onto something. Either he was a crazy little old man, or he had inside information. I guess I’ll find out if the government starts offering free guns and ammo. 
Chapter 4 

ZOE
   “Where the heck have you been Breanne?!! I’ve worried myself sick the last 20 minutes! Do I have to beat some sense into you? We made a deal! Nobody leaves the house without a buddy. Remember the buddy system?” I raged.
   “Yes, Zoe I remember. It’s just that you and Chris were sleeping so soundly that I didn’t want to wake you up. We needed some milk and the store is literally just around the corner. I figured it would be fine,” She argued.
   “Seriously don’t ever do that again or I’ll kill you myself!” I yelled. 
   Breanne interrupted my yelling with some ridiculous story of some old man she met and his take on the whole zombie idea. Some of it made sense but some of it was out there. Chris seemed to believe the whole story. 
   “I guess we will know it’s true if the government starts handing out free ammo,” Bre laughed. 
   Just then Chris’ phone rang. Next thing you know he was asking me to drive him to Fresno to pick up his friend Zeke. 
  “Why in the world would I want to drive there again Chris?” I snapped. 
   “Please sis! His parents have both been admitted into the clinic there and he has nobody,” Chris pleaded anxiously.
   I let out a huge sigh, caught a nod from Bre and said, “Let’s go.” 
   Chris couldn’t have jumped into the car fast enough and we were on our way. Back to Fresno, back to the craziness, back to Chris’ world. I don’t know why he loved it there. Maybe it was the busyness of it all. Maybe it was the fact that he grew up in Porterville with nothing to do then finds himself in Fresno with everything to do. Either way, I loved my brother and would do practically anything for him. I was soft when it came to him. After all, he was all I had left. I knew mom wasn’t coming back so that made me hold onto him even harder.
   Zeke was ready to go when we got there. The kid was only 18 years old and looked much older. He was well over 6 foot tall, African      American and very easy on the eyes. His hair was in perfect rows and he wore only name brand clothes. 
   The car ride home didn’t seem as long as last time even though we were traveling in the middle of the night. Zeke is hilarious. He is witty and funny and knows all of the right jokes. I think he dealt with his pain by making people laugh. Either way he was fun to be around. 
   After a short night’s sleep I woke up to the inviting aroma of bacon. Zeke had taken it upon himself to make everyone breakfast. He made scrambled eggs, homemade biscuits and gravy, bacon and toast. It really hit the spot. This guy can cook, I thought.  
   My thought was quickly interrupted by a knock at the door. Startled, I loaded my shot gun and opened it. A man stood there and then lunged at me. Chris quickly slammed the door shut before I could blow his head off. It suddenly hit me that is was Mr. Jones from apartment 5b. 
   “Why did that guy come at you Zoe?” asked Zeke.
   Chris took the time to explain everything to him while I tried to brush off that shaking experience. Bre stood there in fear with her jaw dropped for a long part of the time. 
   Breanne briskly snatched me into her bedroom and reminded me of everything the old man said to her. What Mr. Jones did is one thing that he specifically mentioned. Zombies can knock on the door but do not remember how to turn the handle. This all seemed to be too much of a coincidence and now I have to worry about my neighbors being infected. Were we even safe at home anymore? 
   I watched out of the window as Mr. Jones went from apartment to apartment knocking on doors and I eventually lost sight of him when he turned the corner. How strange. 
   Just then there was another knock at the door. This time I had Chris swing it open and I fully intended to blow a zombie’s head off. 
   “Don’t shoot!” Maria screamed in horror. 
   “Oh, Maria!” I was so happy to see her. “Oh my God, come in!”
   “Wow, what a greeting I get at your place Zoe!” Maria couldn’t conceal her nervous excitement.
   “Hey, can’t be too careful with all those zombies running around”.
   We all laughed. I am not sure if it was nerves or if it was actually funny.
   “What the heck are you doing leaving home Maria?” Bre asked her.
   “I needed to see you. I can’t stand staying in the house any longer!”
   We sat around the living room with all eyes on our new guest. 
Zeke seemed especially interested in her; More like enamored. She was beautiful after all. 
   “So has anyone you know become infected?” Bre enquired of Maria.
   “Not that I’ve heard. Mom and Jack are ok and I haven’t heard from anyone else. Chicho did call me last week and said he was ok.”
   “Well that’s good,” I responded.
   “So seriously, what made you leave the house? It’s really not safe to go out like that,” Bre questioned.
   “Like I said, I couldn’t stand being at home anymore. I am sick of looking at the same thing over and over. My mom and her new husband Jack are happy to be with each other and watching them makes me want to puke. So can I hang out here for a while? I mean would I be imposing to stay a few nights?”
   “Heck no! Girl, we would be happy to have some fresh blood around here!” Bre retorted. 
   After getting Maria’s stuff all settled in Bre’s room we made a big dinner; Chicken tacos, rice and beans. Maria even made homemade tortillas. I could not believe how good they were! The smell of the tortillas as they were cooking was like no other smell. The fragrance of garlic, cilantro, and onions danced in your nostrils, tempting even the strongest of men to satisfy their carbohydrate urges. The tacos tasted like a little piece of heaven.
   We decided to play shooting games on Chris’ Play-station until midnight. It was a ton of fun and a much needed distraction from the craziness of the world. Bedtime was fun. Maria and Bre bunked together and Chris and Zeke shared the living room hide-a-bed. It was nice to have a full house. It was even nicer to know my brother was safe and sound in my care. Nothing was going to happen to him with me around.

Chapter 5

BREANNE
   Last night was exceedingly needed. It’s been a long while with no other human contact. It’s not like I am bored with Zoe and Chris, I just need more. I guess you don’t realize how much you need people until you are taken away from them. Plus we needed time for fun. It’s been a while since we actually let loose.
   It’s funny watching everyone interact with each other. Maria is usually cold to men because of them treating her like an object but she really seemed to connect with Zeke. I think they are starting to like each other. It’s cute but it’s really a bad time to start something. There is so much uncertainty right now, it is just really risky.
   This morning we woke to the smell of breakfast again. This time Zeke made us coffee, pancakes and eggs. I could get used to this. Zoe and I are usually the type to eat cereal in the morning. This is really spoiling us. 
   Maria wouldn’t leave the bedroom until she was showered and made up. She is the type that doesn’t want anyone to see her without her makeup on. She casually strolled into the kitchen, fashionably late. She sat next to Zeke at the bar and he poured her a cup of coffee. The two of them sat there in the kitchen until it was lunch time, talking about everything it seemed like. They were getting to know each other. I marveled at this. They are much braver than I am. There is no way I would start a relationship right now. 
   Maria made us lunch. Same thing again, she and Zeke hung out in the kitchen until dinner time. I popped a frozen lasagna in the oven and we sat in the living room and joked around for a long time. Then the pessimist in me made an entrance. Things were going to change. People were getting hurt all around us. What if it happens to one of us? What will we ever do if one of us catches this virus? I kept my thoughts to myself and enjoyed the time I had with my friends.
   Our fun was interrupted by Maria’s loud ringtone. She went into the bedroom and emerged 20 minutes later with a giddy tone to her voice. 
   “You won’t believe what my mom just told me!” Maria squealed. 
   “The people who were renting their rental house were admitted to the “Z” clinic and my mom paid the CDC to clean the house of the virus for us. She said that I can have the house! Its huge, it has like 10 bedrooms and 11 baths. But I don’t want to stay there alone. I was wondering if you guys would like to stay with me there. It’s a cute house on the outskirts of town so we would be somewhat away from all the craziness, but close enough to come to town when we need to. Oh and it has a state of the art security system and huge fences. Thoughts anyone?”
   “Wow, really?! You would let us stay there with you? Are we talking long or short term?” I asked. 
   “As long as you want to. Mom said the house is mine. She’s signing it over to me. There would be a roommate agreement of course, but nothing real serious. Since the house is paid for all we have to cover is the yearly taxes and utilities. I would love it if you would stay at least until the craziness of the virus is over.”
   “What do you think guys?” Zoe asked.
   “Sounds amazing,” Zeke stated.
  “Yeah, sounds good to me. When do we move in?” Chris chimed in.
   “We can go look at it now. Mom said we can move in anytime we want. The house is empty and just sitting there. Do you want to go take a look at it?” Maria asked.
   “Sure,” I replied. 
   We all climbed into Maria’s Black Chevy Suburban. As soon as she turned the key Beyonce blared out of her stereo system. It wasn’t a long drive to the house from our dinky apartment. It was just nearly on the outskirts of town like she said. We pulled up to the front gate and a sign said WELCOME TO WESTWOOD MANOR. After putting a quick security code in the box, we were in. It was such a beautiful house. It was nothing like I’ve ever lived in before. The house was 2 stories high with beautiful white marble all over the front. It has one of those fancy water fountains in the front that had dolphins shooting water out of their mouths. This house was immaculate and well manicured. I couldn’t believe Maria’s family RENTED out a house this nice. I could only imagine the house they lived in. 
   I didn’t think the house could get any better until I walked in the door. The foyer was all white marble like the outside and had tall ceilings. The smell of the house was of milk and honey; a fond memory of my childhood. This place smelled like home. The entry had antique furniture and fancy paintings. It must have cost a fortune just to furnish this home. Next we entered the family room/kitchen. This is the open concept home I’ve always dreamed of. The kitchen had a massive stainless steel stovetop and dual ovens. The matching stainless steel fridge probably cost about 6 month’s rent at our apartment. The cabinets were stained a beautiful cherry wood and had a gorgeous shiny gloss. This place is perfect, I thought. I can’t wait to do some baking in this kitchen! 
   From there we were led through a seemingly endless winding staircase where many bedrooms met us at the top, each having their own personal bath. I was assigned the room at the end of the hall. The bedroom was massive. The floors were expensive hard wood that shined like nobody’s business. The walls were a neutral tan color that had a calming effect. The bed is what I had always dreamed of. It is an exquisite king size 4 poster bed with drapes. The linens were amazingly soft. They probably had them imported. The room was a dream. 
   At one end of the room were some French doors and a personal balcony. The view was spectacular! I observed French landscaping, an outdoor dining area with a gazebo, lots of tall trees, a pool, a mini golf course and a baseball diamond. On the other side of the fence were rows and rows of orange groves. 	
   The walk in closet was as big as my bedroom at the apartment. It was surreal. The bath that connected had a huge Jacuzzi tub and a separate all glass shower. It is exactly the bath I’ve always wanted. The floors were heated as well as the toilet seat. It had granite counter tops and a French petite white vessel sink. My bath window completely overlooked the pool which was probably as big as the pool I saw outdoors at Hearst Castle as a child. 
   I was certainly ready to settle in. The maid met me at the door with fresh towels and warm chocolate chip cookies. This is pure heaven, I thought. Everyone eventually gathered out by the pool area. Soon the maid met us with chamomile tea and cookies in the gazebo. We laughed for a good hour. Maria spoke with us about our roommate agreement and we unanimously decided to move in the next day. That evening we spent several hours packing. We didn’t get to sleep until 2am. This move was going to be more than worth it.
   The next morning we got up, packed our rental truck and headed to our new home. Maria gave us the code to the new house. It was all falling into place. We were doing it. We spent all day moving and settling in. None of us really had a lot of belongings. But soon we were going to have to go back to Chris and Zeke’s homes to get the rest of their personal belongings. Everyone was relieved to have their own space and get settled in for the night. 
   That night we ordered some pizza for delivery and watched some pay per view movies. It was nice to veg out and live in another world for a while. The movies were over and everyone else went to bed. I couldn’t sleep so I took it upon myself to explore the house. Walking down the hall I came across the study. That room would be frequented a lot by yours truly. I loved reading. This room had wrap around bookshelves with a neat ladder that reached the top. I knew I would be spending a lot of time there. As a matter of fact, I spent my first night in the library. I fell asleep in the chair reading Twilight for the 5th time. 

Chapter 6

ZOE
   I woke up that first morning in our new house on the floor. I’m not sure how I got there but I must have slept hard. The pillow top bed was much better than the creaky twin size bed I slept in at the apartment. Everything was much better than my apartment. My new bedroom was way more suited to me. The walls were a stale blue. The floors had a massive Persian rug next to the bed. Everything was great from the closet to the attached bath. The only thing I didn’t like about my room was the hideous blue flowered drapes. It was safe to say that I loathed them. They were way too girly. First chance I get I am going to buy some new ones. The thing I liked most about my room was the 42 inch TV that sat on top of the wannabe fireplace. 
   Breakfast was great. Not only does this place have a maid, it has a cook! It’s not that we can’t cook, just what we can make is limited. Having a cook also meant having breakfast waiting for you when you got up. I arrived in the dining area to a table filled with a variety of fresh fruit, crepes, and waffles. Chris and Zeke had already devoured a ton of it by the looks of it but there was more than enough for all of us. Bre and Maria followed shortly. Bre only had coffee and toast. She isn’t much of a morning eater and it was only 7 o’clock. 
   Maria asked the cook to make green chicken enchiladas, rice and beans for dinner and he happily obliged. I think we could all get used to this treatment.
   “Hey guys, I wanted to let you know a little about the estate,” Maria stated. “There’s a study, a loft, a game room, a home theater and in the basement is an indoor pool. The game room has every game system imaginable and also has a pool table and a ping pong table. It’s going to be real hard for you to get bored here.” 
   “ARE YOU SERIOUS?!” Chris and Zeke yelled in unison. 
   Maria erupted in laughter and shook her head yes.
   “I figured I could take you for a tour of the grounds this morning if you don’t mind,” Maria said.
   So we did. We hopped on the golf cart and Maria drove us through the acreage. First we drove up to the mini golf course. It had about 8 holes. I’ll probably be spending some time here, I thought. Next we drove past the baseball diamond. Bre will be spending some time here for sure. Then we headed around to the other side of the property that had an extensively large pool complete with a diving board, slide and lots of toys. Next to it was a very large, covered hot tub. Everyone seemed very happy about that. There was a tiny pool room next to that. 
   Around the corner were two tennis courts. I could only assume at this point that these were active people! Nearby was a small structure that we stopped at. Maria grabbed her keys and unlocked the doors.
   “You boys should be happy about this room,” Maria said excitedly.
   It was a full gym. It had televisions in each corner and water stations all over the place. It was complete with showers. Man, these people have it all. 
   The tour was over. Maria told us to treat her home as our home and use anything we wish, but to put it back the way we got it. The boys stayed in the gym of course. Maria, Bre and I went back to the house. Breanne and I wanted to explore the inside of the house better and Maria gave us the ok. She told us to go into any room, except for any that were locked.
   So our tour began. First we explored the downstairs. There were the rooms we’ve already seen and down the hall were several more we hadn’t. The first room we came to was the game room. Maria was right; there was every game system you ever wanted in there with thousands of games. There was a large screen TV in every corner of the room! One of the doors inside led us to the loft where there was pool and ping pong tables. The next room was the study. I was in love. Bre and I love reading and it looked like these people owned every collection possible. There were classic books like Jane Eyre, Wuthering Heights, and The Secret Garden, just to name a few. Then there was a section of newer mystery novels. This was set up just like a school library. Next we went down the hall and found a door that was locked. Must be important stuff in there, we decided. Curiosity did get the best of me but I decided to leave it alone for the time being. At the end of the corridor was a door that led down a long flight of stairs. We were in the basement. The first room we came across was the home theater. 
   “Maria didn’t show this to us when we were watching movies last night. I wonder if it’s broken?” I asked Zoe.
   “Actually it’s not. I wanted to save it for today,” Maria interrupted, startling us.
   “Oh that’s cool. Well I do hereby declare that tonight be movie night!” Bre said in her best old accent. 
   “Come see over here. This is the best part of the house,” Maria giddily stated.
   Around the corner was a massive indoor heated pool. Words could not express our fondness! Bre and I ran up to our rooms to change so we could take a dip. There was nothing better than a heated pool in January! We swam for a good couple of hours and then began to feel the pangs of hunger. We ran upstairs, showered and headed to the dining area for lunch. They were serving quesadillas with pico de gallo, one of my favorites. 
   “Hey Maria, you said this place has a state of the art security system. Do you mind showing us how it works?” Zeke questioned.
   “Yeah, I can take you right after lunch. You all are free to join us if you want,” Maria answered.
   After lunch we followed Maria down the hall to the locked door. Inside were about 20 cameras with infrared sensors. Some of the screens were shots of cars going down Westwood street. 
   “Can’t be too safe,” The tech said.
   “I guess not,” Chris retorted. 
   “When my family had this built they did all of this because when someone is thought to have money, people will try to break in and steal. Everything that is recorded on these cameras is sent to a hard drive at another location so that there is no chance of the footage being destroyed. My family worked hard for the money they have and the thought of someone taking what they worked for frightened them. It also gave them peace of mind while they slept.”
   “Well that certainly benefits us now with all this zombie hype,” I replied.
   “I feel a lot safer having this in place,” Chris stated.
   “Let me show you something even better than this,” Maria said.
   She led us up the windy staircase and then at the end of the hall was what appeared to be an attic ladder. She climbed up the ladder, inserted her key in a tiny hole at the top and took us to the roof top deck. 
   “If all else fails we can watch from up here. If someone is inside, this is a safe place.”
   “How cool!!!” Exclaimed Chris.
   “What a great view,” added Bre. 
   I was beginning to feel very safe here and I was very excited to live here.





















Chapter 7

BREANNE
   We were entertained for weeks with no interruptions. We got to eat whatever we wanted, whenever we wanted. We had tons of stuff to do. I had tons of books to read and I was content. It almost made me feel like nothing else was going on in the world. We were happy in our own little world at Westwood Manor. Chris kept busy in the game room and the gym. Zoe spent some time in the gym and the study, but she spent most of her time on the golf course. Zeke made himself attached to Maria. Well, I think it is mutual. They were officially a couple now. Although I think it’s a crazy time for anyone to start any type of relationship, I can’t say I’m not happy for them. They are so cute together and actually well suited. I personally think they are in love, just haven’t said it yet. I could see a wedding in the future for them. 
   Today was the day to get the moving truck and head to Fresno to get more of Chris and Zeke’s belongings. I was leery of leaving the house because the world couldn’t have possibly gotten any better since we segregated ourselves. Me, Maria and Zeke rode in Maria’s Suburban while Zoe drove the rental truck with Chris. Zoe made sure to give each of us a gun. She said we needed it to be safe. 
   The ride didn’t take long because the weather was fair and the highways were empty, that was at least until we entered Fresno city limits. There weren’t a lot of cars driving around like normal, but there were tons of people walking. Some were walking with limps, some were running. Something was strange about this place. We waited at the light to turn onto Fresno street and Maria was suddenly met face to face at her window with a creature. You couldn’t call it a human because it barely resembled one. Maria screamed at the top of her lungs as the thing was scratching at her car window while making the most gruesome faces. It drooled blood. I was curious seeing it this close.
   “Maria, calm down!!!” Zeke shouted. “Just calm down baby. It can’t get you through the window.”
   I took the time to study it. Its face was a pale color with green and blue. Its eyes were sunken and had black all around them. This one looked like it had chunks taken out of its skull. There is no way this was a live human being. It reminded me of what the old man told me at the convenience store that day. The creature was moaning and groaning and was still trying to get into the vehicle. 
   Suddenly Maria forcefully stepped on the gas and hightailed it out of there. She desired to get away from those things as quickly as she could. We drove for a long while, not nearly stopping at red lights. Not many people were driving around, just mainly the walking dead were around, I thought. We had to drive for several miles through this madness before we got even close to Zeke’s house. We began to drive by a Costco store and there appeared to be a riot. People had ambushed the store and were taking out of there whatever they pleased. Security guards were lying by the entrance being trampled. I couldn’t tell from that distance whether they were dead or alive. The world has gone to hell in a hand basket. 

Chapter 8

ZOE
   Fresno was a mad house. People were looting, shooting and following their own rules. I can’t believe things have changed so much in 3 weeks. I couldn’t even drive without running into one of these things. I probably ran over 4 of them just on Fresno street alone. Authorities were nowhere to be found. Where was our protection? Oh that’s right, my protection is my glock at my side. 
   I was happy to finally arrive at Zeke’s house. He lived in an average house in an average neighborhood. It didn’t take him long to gather up everything he needed. He had a lot of it packed before we picked him up apparently. Loading his stuff was a piece of cake.
   “Hey Zoe,” Chris started, “Can you help me with this box?”
   I spotted a figure in the distance. It was moving rather quickly. Better safe than sorry, I grabbed my glock from my side and cocked it really quickly. Next thing I know it was lunging at my brother’s neck! I didn’t hesitate to point my gun at its head and attempt to blow its face off. BOOM. Chris ducked out of fear. I was on target. I dropped that thing like a hot cake. 
   Everyone came running to see what happened. Shaking, Chris finally stood back up and looked behind him to see what happened. The sight was ghastly. The thing lay there twitching until it finally died. We quickly finished loading his stuff and got the heck out of there.
   Next we had to go to mom’s house to get Chris’ stuff. We dodged those things as much as we could but there was no way of getting around without hitting one of them. I tried my best but I probably hit at least 8 of them. Bre was following me in Maria’s Suburban because she was too shook up to drive. We needed to get the heck out of Fresno. 
   We arrived at the house. It was eerily still. It didn’t feel like mom’s house anymore. I told everyone to stay in the car while I searched the perimeter. After a good check I gave the green light to exit the car. I entered the house, gun in hand. Fresno is crazy and I ain’t taking any chances. The house was clear so I motioned for the rest of them to come in. Chris took a good hour to pack the rest of his belongings.
   I went to make sure there weren’t any other boxes in Chris’ room and I found him sobbing on the floor looking at a picture of our mother. My god, I couldn’t do it anymore. I finally let loose. Tears streamed down my face in such a fast way that there was no containing it. I couldn’t hold it in anymore. Chris and I wept on the floor together for a good 20 minutes. 
   “Chris, we’ve gotta pull it together. We need to go. Everyone is waiting on us.”
   The ride home was quiet. Chris and I weren’t interested in talking about it. We got back to the manor safe, but not sound. Chris seemed shook up about one of those demons almost getting him and the fact that mom was now one of them. Emotionally exhausted, I went straight to bed.
Chapter 9

BREANNE
   The next morning was beautiful. Birds were chirping and it was a crisp, sunny, 50 degrees. Porterville was known for its easy winters and early spring times. Trees were already blooming. It hasn’t rained in weeks and the air was stuffy as usual. News casts warned of the bad air quality and advised that the sensitive population stay indoors today. Good thing that wasn’t an issue for me, but Maria was a different story. She has pretty bad asthma and carries an inhaler wherever she goes.
   She didn’t seem to be doing well this morning. She woke up coughing and taking her inhaler. She rested as much as she could when coughing wasn’t waking her up. She said she didn’t feel well and should probably see a doctor. While everyone else played, I played nurse. I was always told I had a mothering quality to me. I think I just don’t like to see people in pain or in need of something. I spent my morning coddling her and doing whatever I could to make her feel better.
   “I feel like I have a fever. My ears are burning. Can you go get the thermometer out of the cupboard in my bathroom please?” Maria politely asked.
   So I did. Her temperature was 104.6. I gave her some ibuprofen and Tylenol and waited to see if the temperature was going to go down. The medication lowered it slightly but didn’t do much of a difference. 3 hours later her temp was still at 101.3. After much insistence, I decided to force her butt to go to the emergency room.
   The drive there was uneventful. When we arrived, we were greeted with a security guard and nurse that administered the “z” breathalyzer test. We were in the clear so they let us enter. We sat there for 3 hours before they even called her back. That was totally typical of our emergency room. By that time her fever was back up to over 103. Doctors and nurses did everything they could to take her temperature down. A chest x-ray revealed she had a mild case of pneumonia so they prescribed her some antibiotics, inhalers and sent her home. 
   I spent the next two days taking care of her. I didn’t have to constantly care for her though, Zeke kind of took over. That evening as I was bringing her soup I overheard the sweetest conversation. 
   “Baby, you’ve gotta get better. Listen, you are the most sweetest, kindest, loving and beautiful woman I’ve ever met. I couldn’t imagine my life without you. I need you to get better. Can you do that for me?” Zeke confessed as he tenderly brushed the hair out of Maria’s eyes.
   “I’m trying. I want to feel better.”
   “You know I love you, don’t you?” Zeke declared. 
   “Oh my god, I have no idea you felt that way!” Maria gushed. “I love you too!”
   “So you’ve gotta get better baby. I need you.”
   I peeked around the corner to see Zeke gently grab Maria’s hair and pull her into a meaningful kiss.
   After a few more days of being bedridden Zeke took her to the doctor to do a re-check on the pneumonia. She still had it and it was worse. The antibiotics weren’t helping. She was ordered some stronger antibiotics and another week of bed rest. The rest did her some good. She started to get better after just a few days. Life started to get back to normal at the manor.
   One evening after Maria got better, Zeke made arrangements for a candlelight dinner for her and him in the gazebo. The maid and cook did their best to make it the most romantic night ever. My assignment was to keep Maria busy for a few hours so he could surprise her. I did take a sneak peek at one point though.
   The walkway was lined with white bags with candles lit up inside. The gazebo had torch lights lit up all around. There was a large bunch of flowers waiting at the entry way for her. The fine china was set out with an antique lantern lit in the middle of the table. The setting was romantic and beautiful. Zeke asked Maria to put on a nice outfit as they were going on a date. Maria emerged from her bedroom an hour later looking like a million bucks. 
   She was wearing a beautiful knee length little black dress adorned with rhinestones. Her accessories were blinged out too. Her hair was silky, curled at the ends, with a beautiful black flower on the left side of her head. It was a real classic look. She wore shimmery black stilettos and really did look like a million bucks from head to toe. Zeke’s face when he seen her arrive was priceless. You could tell he was absolutely, madly in love with her. He took her hand and walked her down the lit up pathway to their destiny.
   The rest of us spied though the window as they had their romantic 3 course meal. Once they finished dessert Zeke stood up, grabbed her hand and knelt down on one knee. He said some things we couldn’t hear and pulled a little black box out of his pocket. Maria jumped in the air 4 times, grabbed her face and cried. We assumed she said yes because a long intense kiss followed.
   We all cried.
  20 minutes later they emerged from the yard, gleaming and full of joy. They announced their upcoming wedding and we all shouted for joy. This was turning into a good night.
   I can’t say that I am not leery of starting a relationship in such uncertain times, but I can say that when you find love, it doesn’t matter what time it is. Love conquers all and it will find you. 
   Zeke and Maria decided on a small ceremony with close friends and family. They wanted to have the wedding right here in the back yard at the site of the proposal. They set the day for a month from now.
   Invitations were sent, plans were made. It wasn’t going to be an elaborate ceremony. They only wanted their close friends and family to share their beautiful moment under the stars.
   The day finally came. The sun was setting, the yard was decorated, and everyone was in place. Zeke had Chris as his best man and they stood there together waiting for the woman of his dreams to enter into their destiny.
   I stood there with them as the proud maid of honor. Our clothes were simple. We wore black as a symbol of their never ending love. The music began and out of the door came the most beautiful Latino bride that I’ve ever seen.
   Gasps could be heard all over the place. Maria wore a beautiful white, floor length gown that hugged her curves in all the right places. The dress was adorned with lace, pearls and sparkling stones. She wore a beautiful veil tucked in the top of her curls. Her sparkly white stilettos peaked out from under her dress as she slowly walked down the aisle. 
   Tears streamed from her face as her eyes met the man of her dreams. He cried, well, we all cried. It was an emotional night for us all. Her mother burst out in sobs as she passed her, and her mother’s new husband Jack stood there emotionless. He was probably the only one there with a dry face. Maria approached Zeke and lifted up her gloved hand. He grabbed her hand, kissed it and held it tight as they faced the minister.
   “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to witness the holy matrimony of Zeke Woods, and Maria Hernandez.”
   “Today you will be joining yourselves in a union that should be founded on affection and mutual respect. Your lives will forever be changed, and your joys multiplied.”
   “If there is anyone here who thinks these two should not be joined, speak now or forever hold your peace.”
   Then there was a long silence.
   “Zeke, will you have this woman to be your wedded wife, to love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, forsaking all others, keep you only unto her for so long as you both shall live?”
   “I do,” Zeke gushed.
“Now Maria, will you have this man to be your wedded husband, to love him and comfort him, honor and keep him, forsaking all others, keep you only unto him, so long as you both shall live?”
   “I do,” She squeaked.
   “Now take hands and repeat after me: I Zeke, take you Maria to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish from this day forward.”
   Zeke repeated.
   “Maria, repeat after me, I Maria, take you Zeke to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish from this day forward.”
   Maria repeated.
   “Do you have the ring for the bride? Place this ring on her finger and say, ‘With this ring, I thee wed.’”
  He placed the ring on her finger and repeated.
  “Do you have the ring for the groom? Place the ring on his finger and say, ‘With this ring, I thee wed.’”
  She placed the ring on his finger and repeated.
  “Let these rings be given and received as a token of your undying affection, sincerity, and fidelity to one another.”
   “In as much as Zeke and Maria have consented together in wedlock and have witnessed the same before this company, and pledged their vows to each other, by the authority vested in me by the State of California, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
   Zeke grabbed Maria by the back of her head, smoothly pulled her close to him and they shared a passionate kiss. Gleaming, they turned to face their loved ones and walked hand in hand down the lit up walkway.
   They had a dessert reception following and a short night of dancing. Suddenly they disappeared from the crowd and did not emerge from their room until the next morning at breakfast. They were both glowing. The love they shared inspired me. They ate and quickly went back to the room. I don’t think those love birds came out for a whole week. 
   After a few days, in early February I awoke to the aroma of freshly brewed coffee and the sound of chirping blue birds. The security guard approached me at the breakfast table to ask of Maria’s whereabouts because her cousins, Jose and Gabby Hernandez were at the gate. After letting them in, they sat with Maria for a while out in the gazebo and shared coffee, fruit and chit chat.
   Maria emerged and called for a house meeting.  We cautiously gathered around the table waiting for Maria to speak her mind.
   “So my cousins Gabby and Jose are here as you all know and they have approached me about needing a place to stay. My mother told them we were staying here and suggested they ask me if we have room for them. The home they lived at in Oceanside has been compromised by zombies. They need a safe place to stay and want to stay here with us mainly because the property is secure. Any thoughts?”
   “What kind of people are they Maria?” Demanded Zoe. Zoe appeared a tad irritated at the thought of bringing new people into the home.
   “Gabby is my cousin and Jose married into the family. I am very close to Gabby and she is a very quiet and clean person. I’ve never had any problems with them. Jose is very outgoing, athletic and an outdoors type. He won’t cause any problems because we probably won’t see much of him,” Maria replied. 
   “Well, I don’t see a problem with it sweety,” Offered Zeke. He was always aiming to please his new bride. 
   “I don’t either,” I added.
   “Can we bring it to a vote then?” Maria asked.
   “Is there anyone opposed?” Chris questioned.
   Silence.
  “All for them moving in?” Zeke inquired. 
   All hands were raised.
   “Ok, I’ll let them know. Thanks so much guys. It really means a lot to me.”
   I marveled at the fact that Maria owns this house and she has allowed us to stay here rent free, and then ask us if we are uncomfortable with her cousins moving in. Maria truly was a good person. I was lucky to be her friend. 
   Gabby and Jose went straight out to their truck and began unloading stuff. It took them only a few hours to get settled in and met us for dinner that evening.
   The cook made us grilled shrimp kabobs with pineapple and bell peppers. I loved it when cook grilled for us. We sat around the gazebo that evening for dinner. The weather was a cool 59 degrees and the sky was clear. It was a good day to eat alfresco. We took some time to get to know Gabby and Jose. My opinion of them wasn’t bad at all, they seemed like great people. Jose was a fit, 5’8” and 150 lbs. He had deep brown eyes and black hair and his skin was an even tan color. He wasn’t bad looking, but wasn’t my type either. He seemed a bit religious for my taste but I planned not to hold it against him. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. He didn’t seem like the pushy religious type so he was ok in my eyes.
   Gabby wasn’t as religious as Jose, but she wore a cross around her neck. She was short, 5’3”, 110 lbs and had the same hair as Maria, just a little shorter and had a bad frost job done to it. She was pretty although not as pretty as her cousin. She had beautiful green eyes though and long eyelashes. I think that is what made her face so alluring. She was a quiet person and didn’t say much the rest of the night.
   The next morning I woke up to Frank the gardener mowing the grass. Breakfast was already served as usual. Cook made us some amazing bacon omelets. I think he had it out for me. He wanted to make me fat. Zoe approached me at the breakfast table and said she wanted to leave the manor to visit some friends from school and asked if I wanted to come with her. I declined because I had a date with my Twilight book in the garden today. I read the whole day away, marveling at the love Bella and Edward shared for each other. They were so different but made for each other. It was just a shame Edward had to wait over 100 years to find his true love. 
   I had to eventually stop reading though because I was quickly becoming a couch potato. We had another nice dinner and afterwards I retired to the family room to catch the news. Zoe then decided to bless us with her presence. Chris, Zoe and I were very interested in the newer developments. So much has changed over the last few weeks, it was scary. 
   The news showed widespread devastation not only in the country but now all over the world. One news cast showed infected people on a plane in the middle of the ocean causing so much carnage that the plane crashed right into the sea. The U.N. has declared a worldwide food shortage. The scenes following showed decimated creatures moaning and attacking people, blood streaming everywhere and zombies feasting on carcasses.
   “This looks like some crazy horror flick.” Chris announced. “These things really do look like zombies. No wonder everyone is calling them zombies now. It really has happened. We’ve reached a zombie apocalypse.”
   Just then the president’s address came on.
   “Dear American citizens. This country is in an uproar like none we have ever seen. Many people have been murdered in cold blood and infected people are taking on the appearance of horror movie creatures. Many are calling them zombies. No one is safe at the present time. Authorities are doing what they can to keep you protected, but there is only so much that we can do as the problem is much larger than we can handle. The government is offering a way for you to protect yourselves. Local police stations have stockpiles of weaponry for your disposal. Bring with you a photo Id and they will give you a handgun with 3 months worth of ammo. If you come across one of these creatures, do what you can to avoid them, but if it comes down to it, protect yourselves. If you must leave your home make sure you are fully clothed so that you may not accidentally become infected. We are not fully aware of the damage they create at the time but we do know that those that are changed are dangerous. We are doing what we can to stop the infestation.
   We are also offering money, ammo or food in exchange for any zombies that are captured and taken to any of our “Z” clinics. If you do not have any combat training, please do not attempt to capture any of these creatures. Your local fire department is holding classes that will teach you how to capture zombies and exterminate them if they need to be. Please keep yourselves safe America!”
   “Wana go on a zombie hunt Breanne?” Teased Zoe. 
   “No thank you. We should leave that to the desperate people who need to eat,” I laughed.
   Just then Gabby and Jose joined us and watched the news for themselves. 
   “Well, I hope none of those zombies try to come at us. They’re gonna be in big trouble. I won’t hesitate to blow their heads off,” declared Jose. 
   “Should we go and get some guns? I mean they are free right?” Gabby offered.
   “Heck yes I am going. Who’s with me?” Zoe demanded.
   After a house meeting we decided that we should all go down there and get some training and guns. 

Chapter 10

ZOE
   The next day we spent most of the morning at the fire department. They wouldn’t let us enter unless we did the breath test. 
   We had to watch an hour long video on how to handle zombies. The video stated we should approach with caution and that if zombies come too close we should be prepared to shoot them. Shooting them in the limbs would do no good as the video showed that does absolutely nothing to them besides stun them for a second. Zombies should be decapitated or have a bullet placed in their brains. 
   Apprehending zombies was an entirely different segment. Zombies should have cloth bags placed over their heads and arms and legs tied up. We were warned of being scratched, drooled on or bled on by these creatures and that no one should attempt to apprehend one without full body clothing on. The risks as well as benefits were discussed in this meeting. I left there pretty confident that I could kick some butt.
   Next we went to the police station. We were handed a packet that detailed on how to use the gun, when to use the gun and who not to use the gun on. We were asked to pretty much sign our lives way. After showing some identification were handed our guns and ammo.
   On the way home Bre brought up what the old man said to her at the convenience store when all this madness began. 
   “Do you remember how he said the government would give us free guns and ammo? And do you remember how he talked about how people progress through the disease? It all makes sense now.”
   “Yeah I remember thinking he was just a crazy old man,” Zoe laughed.
   “Well I guess we know what’s gonna happen next huh?” Bre retorted. 
   Bre filled in the rest of our family on what happened that evening and they all just sat there in shock. 
   “Hey! Do you guys see that?!” Zoe shouted.
   There were approximately 20 people in front of our gate trying to claw their way in. As we approached the gate we had a good look at what we were dealing with. Zombies. They were trying to get to our poor security guard Bruno. Bruno looked scared for his life. I quickly commanded everyone to load their guns if they knew how and demanded them to get ready for a shooting party. 
   I heard about 4 clicks in my Suburban and knew there were at least 4 others with me.
   “Whoever is closest to the windows point your guns out and start shooting. Try to aim at their heads as much as you can!”
   Boom, bam, blast. There was so much gun fire I couldn’t count how many shots were fired. 5 zombies dropped from shots to the head. Not many of us were good shots but I assumed I killed at least 3 of them.
   We did that over and over until we dropped each and every last one of them. Bruno was shaken and didn’t know what to do with himself. Stepping over heaps of dead bodies, I assisted Bruno to the manor. We left the car outside the gate until we could come back later and clean this mess up.
   Gabby sat inside the entry and wept. The rest were all shell shocked. I was a natural leader and gathered up a security guard from inside, gave him a loaded gun and put him back outside. Zeke and I put on gloves and clothes to cover us completely and started moving the bodies away from the gate. The CDC was alerted and didn’t hesitate to remove the bodies from the street for us. 
   As per my suggestion we deemed it movie night and retired to the theater for the rest of the afternoon. Chris suggested we watch Dawn of the dead and was showered with popcorn shortly thereafter. We ended up watching Dear John, because we all needed a break from reality. Then we finished off with The Cider House Rules. After another amazing dinner from cook we wandered off to our bedrooms.
   Another day is over, I thought. In times of crisis, you learn to live just one day at a time. Thinking about the future could become overwhelming. As I settled into my Batman pajamas, I opened up my ugly blue curtains and next, the window. Fresh air was exactly what I needed. Watching the beautiful moonlight and bright starts reminded me of being a little girl and sitting on the roof of the house at night to count stars and study constellations. Those were some of the best times of my life; it was just me and nature. Memories flooded back of mom calling me in for the night. Oh how I missed her. She was always my light. How I wish I could talk to her right now and tell her how much I love her. I was sad so I climbed into my bed and slept until the early morning hours. 
   Today I woke up deciding that we don’t need another incident like yesterday. I was going to call a house meeting after breakfast. I gathered everyone into the family room and asked them to sit and listen to me for a while.
   “I brought you all here this morning to discuss something very important with you. I went to bed last night thinking about how upset some of you were yesterday when we were greeted at the gate by zombies. That was a problem for me. I know our home is safe but we should be able to come and go without executing a mob of zombies every time. I don’t think we should give into fear and keep cooping ourselves up in this place. We will eventually need to venture out to get medications, supplies, clothing, ammo ect. What I propose to you is we take shifts and hire another security guard to replace Bruno since he quit. Everyone will take a shift doing perimeter checks and executing any zombies that come near our fence. I suggest we arm everyone in the house at all times and give the security guards semi-automatics, especially the one in the box at the gate.” 
   “I think that’s a great idea Zoe,” Bre chimed in.
   “Are you gonna be willing to do a check Bre?” I asked her.
   “What do you think I am ZOE? A baby? I can defend myself!” Bre cried. 
   “I didn’t say you were a baby Bre, I am just saying that you are probably going to have to shoot to kill. Are you gonna be ok with that?”
   “Yes, and you don’t have to be a jerk about it!” Bre snapped back.
   Gabby organized a chart for us where we each took turns. Night shifts were shorter so we could get more sleep. I brought out the stash of semi-automatics that my grandfather gave me when he came to visit and gave them to the security guards. Everything was set and I felt much safer.
   The next two weeks were uneventful. We rotated shifts like clockwork. The news was guessing a good quarter of the public was infected at this point. We slowly started seeing more zombies, but mainly at night. A quick drive through town showed me that the news was probably right. My new family wasn’t afraid of them anymore. When I said shoot to kill, they shot to kill. Over the next few weeks we started seeing more and more zombies and they were always trying to get through the fence. Having people on shifts was definitely helping.
   Maria’s shift was that night. She started with the early shift. She reported to the security guards that there were more than she could handle and asked for back up. Since I am the proposed leader they grabbed me out of bed. She and I sat in the moonlight for most of the night taking these things out one by one. She was becoming a good shot, I thought. Next thing I know I fell asleep. I just couldn’t keep my eyes open anymore. I awoke to Maria’s blood curdling screams.
   Startled wide awake, I grabbed my gun, stood straight up, and frantically looked around. Right behind me I found where the sound of ripping flesh came from. Maria was crouched to the ground with blood covering her and a zombie was chewing on her arm.
   My heart stopped for just a second and I felt like I was going to throw up. The only thing I could think to do was to make sure my gun was cocked and aim. I got a good opening of the demon face and BOOM. I blew its brains all over the side of the building.
   “MARIA! Are you ok? How did this happen? How did it get in here?” I yelled in a panic. 
   Hearing moans directly behind me I frantically turned around to be met face to face with another zombie. I got a good look at the zombie’s face and it was our neighbor Mr. Gong. I couldn’t believe it. His face was a pale grey and his eyes sunken and black. He had gashes in his cheek and his left arm was missing. His fine black Armani suit was ragged, dirty and full of blood and brain matter. He was hardly recognizable. Knowing who it was stopped me for a second, but I cocked my gun anyway and blasted his face off just in the nick of time.
   I called to the security guard on duty and he wouldn’t answer. I called again. Nothing. Making sure Maria wasn’t bleeding out, I went to check on my guard. As I strolled though the yard I dreaded the worst. Approaching his booth, I found a trail of blood. He lay in his booth bloody and beaten. They had gotten to him too.
   I quickly ran through the wet grass to Maria. It started to pour rain. Great, I thought. Just what I need. I quickly picked Maria off the ground and threw her over my shoulder, trying not to get her blood on me. It took me quite a while to get to the door of the manor. Once I arrived I was met with a locked door. Who did that? Who locked the door knowing that we were on duty? I rang the door bell and pounded on the door while Zeke ran though the house in a sleepy haze to see what was going on. He opened the door to find me with his bride on my shoulder and blood dripping from her arm. He turned white from fear.
   “What happened to her? Maria! Can you hear me? What happened love?” He demanded. “Zoe, tell me what happened!”
   I took Zeke’s bride to the downstairs guest bathroom and put her in the bath tub. Her wound was bleeding but not badly. 
   “I was sleeping and the security guard asked for back up because it was becoming more than she could handle. I got up and went out there with her and we were shooting those things like field mice. We killed off most of them and had a moment of silence. I fell asleep and then I woke up to the craziest blood curdling scream. I turned around and found Mr. Gong’s wife chewing on her arm.”
   “You’re kidding me right now, right? You’re joking. You’re giving me a load of bull. That didn’t happen. There’s no way that could have happened. They can’t get in the fence. My wife did not get bit by one of those things! There’s no way. There’s no way! There’s no FREAKING way!” He screamed. 
   “I’m sorry!” I managed to force through sobs. “I tried to help but I couldn’t! It was too late!”
   “Where in the world was the new security guard? Wasn’t he on watch?” He demanded.
   “He’s the one that called me and asked if I could help. I tried to call him and I couldn’t reach him so I went to check on him and they had gotten to him too,” I cried. “I am so sorry! I hate myself for this.”
   I pulled myself together and finished cleaning Maria’s wound. She finally woke up and did so with a scream. We had to reassure her that nothing was going to get her because she was inside, safe and sound. She was trembling. Zeke picked her up and took her into his arms and held her there until she calmed down. I grabbed some gloves and alcohol, hoping I could disinfect the wound so that she wouldn’t become infected too. It was all I had, I had to try it. 
   By then all of the commotion woke the entire house. Gabby and Jose ran in first, next was Chris, then Bre. Everyone was very shaken up by the whole thing. Zeke got Maria dressed and took her upstairs to her room. The rest of us made a pot of coffee and started our day early.
   “I would like to know which one of you IDIOTS locked the door after I left earlier,” I angrily demanded.
   Nobody volunteered.
   “Well since nobody did it, I hope to GOD that never, ever happens again. What if we had been running from one of those things and needed to get inside quickly? We would have all been doomed. Just make sure it doesn’t happen again. And I’m so flipping serious!” I added.
   “Well who died and made you the stinking boss?!” Chris rebelliously answered.
   “What did you say to me child?!” I angrily replied.
   “You heard me! Who died and made you boss?”
   “Chris shut your freaking mouth before I shut it for you!”
   “Whatever ZOE, if you keep being bossy like that you won’t have any more friends. Watch and see!” He yelled.
   “OH, so you’re the one who did it? You heard the screams and locked the door and ran back upstairs where you were safe. You didn’t care if we were ok, huh?” I accused.
   “ZOE, CHRIS, KNOCK IT OFF RIGHT NOW!” Bre loudly commanded.
   And then there was silence. Everyone went back to their rooms to process what just happened and didn’t come out until breakfast time. Zeke stayed in the room with his wife, taking care of her every need. He kept dressing her wound but refused to take her to the hospital to get her checked out. He knew they would keep her if they knew what happened to her. He was too sick to his stomach to eat but he eventually came out for some coffee and some fresh air. 
   “Zeke, what are we going to do with her? Don’t you think she’s infected?” Bre nervously asked. 
   “I DON’T KNOW! I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO!” Zeke panicked.
   “Listen, maybe there is something we can do to help her. We need to get one of those breathalyzer’s. Maybe we can get one and just test her to see if she’s ok.”
   “SHE GOT BIT, SHE’S INFECTED. OK!” He yelled. “We all seen the videos at the fire station. She’s infected and there’s nothing we can do about it!”
   “Maybe we should take her to the clinic. Maybe they are trying to help those that are infected.”
   “Are you kidding me right now? Don’t be naïve. All those people go in and none come out. What do you think they are doing with those people? THEY ARE KILLING THEM, BRE! THEY’RE KILLING THEM!” He sat there with his face in his hands and cried like a baby.
   “I’m sorry Zeke, I’m just trying to help.” She paused. “What if I can find that man from the store? He seems to know a lot about the    virus. What if he can help?”
   “Do whatever you want. I don’t care anymore,” he resigned.
Chapter 11

BREANNE
   Zoe and I camped out at the convenience store by our old apartment complex waiting in hopes for John O. to show up. We waited for days. Zoe and I took a turns watching for him. On the 3rd day I began to lose hope. And then here he came. I watched him drive up in his little red Prius. I grabbed him as fast as I could and made him get in our car. 
   “I remember you little miss!” He exclaimed.
   “Listen John, we need your help. We have a friend that got a bite a few nights ago and we need you to help with anything you can!”
   “What are you thinking?! Get her to a clinic NOW!” He replied.
   “I can’t do that to her. Anyone who goes in there doesn’t come back out and you know it! You seem to know how all this works and we need your help. Please. Anything you can help with would be great. Even if it’s just a breathalyzer test. If she’s infected I promise to take her in myself. Can you do anything?” I pleaded. 
   “I’ll help you little lady. I’m gonna go home and get you one of those tests, I’ll be right back.” 
   Just then Zoe cocks her glock and points it to the man’s face. “You ain’t goin’ nowhere mister. We are going to take you to your house and you will give it to us. Oh and don’t pull any fast stuff or you’ll soon regret it.” 
   He gave us directions to his house, quickly went in and retrieved the test for us. He came out and told us he never wanted to see us again. We sped back down the highway to get back to the manor. 
   “Zoe, what is your problem? Why did you take that man at gun point?” I demanded.
   “Don’t be such a baby. I did it so we would know where he lived in case we needed him again,” she smiled.
   “Well, I guess that’s not too much of a bad idea,” We laughed.
   We quickly administered the test to Maria and instantly it showed positive. No one said a word but Zeke fainted. Great, now we have a problem, I thought. 
   “What is going to happen to me? Am I going to die? Am I going to be like one of those demons?” Maria said as she heaved. 
   “I don’t know sweety. I wish I knew. Listen everyone, her and Zeke need some time alone. Let’s go.” I motioned for everyone to leave the room.
   We gathered out by the gazebo. Everyone was stunned and we all knew deep down what would happen to her. 
   “What are we going to do?” Chris asked. 
   “Well, when worst comes to worst and it’s her or us, you know where I stand with that,” Zoe chimed in.
   “That’s my cousin you are talking about and she is going to die!” Gabby lost it. She curled up in a ball, rocked back and forth in her seat and sobbed.
   “Baby, it’s ok. She’s gonna be ok. We will take her to one of those clinics. They will help her!” Jose tried to reassure his wife and then insisted on praying with her.
   “We need to convince Zeke and her to go to a clinic that’s for sure. She has about two weeks from the bite until she becomes a danger. We need to try to live with her in her last days until then,” I stated. 
   “She’s a hazard as we speak!” Zoe retorted. “Her bodily fluids are enough to infect any of the rest of us. She needs to go now. Do we risk ourselves to have a few more days with her? Is it really worth it?”
   “We need to take a house vote,” I demanded. “All in favor of her going to the clinic now?”
   Everyone but Gabby’s hands raised.
   “Who is going to tell them?” I asked.
   “I will,” Zoe volunteered.
   “Ok, let us know what happens.”
   An hour later Zeke emerged into the back yard, shouting and raging at us.
   “You can’t seriously think my wife needs to be admitted into the clinic!” He yelled. “What am I going to do without her? She’s the love of my life. I can’t live without her. I just can’t do it. You’ll have to drag my butt with her!”
   “Zeke, let me get you a Xanax, ok? You need to calm down. Please, let’s talk about this when you’ve had time to process it all,” I pleaded. 
   I ran to the guest bathroom and got him a pill and a glass of water. He took it willingly. 30 minutes later he was ready to talk calmly.  
   “Listen Zeke, she needs to go to the clinic otherwise she is going to change and she will hurt us. We will all end up like them. There is nothing we can do for her now,” I confessed.
   “Let me stay with her until she changes. Please. I just need a few more days with her. She hasn’t changed yet, I know we still have time. I have at least another week with her before anything happens. Can’t you guys just grant me that? He asked.
   “Zeke listen buddy, the longer she’s here the more chance we are taking for her to infect the rest of us. The virus is spread though bodily fluids. If you even kiss her you are taking a risk in catching it yourself. What if she sneezes on one of us? We could be next. Do you really want to risk that on anyone else?” Zoe made sense and we could see it in his eyes.
   “Just let me have one more night with her. I’ll keep her locked up in the room with me and then I will personally take her tomorrow. I promise,” Zeke said.
   “What do you all think? Will one night make much of a difference?” I addressed the group.
   Everyone agreed that one night wouldn’t hurt anything. Zeke went back into his room to his newlywed bride to console and love on her until he had to take her to the clinic in the morning. 
   I called Maria’s mother and filled her in on the situation. She was devastated but decided we made the right decision and suggested Maria allow us to stay here until she gets home. Her mother was being hopeful about the situation but was obviously uneducated about the situation. 
   Maria and I talked for a good hour. She admitted that she was afraid and we cried together. I kept my distance and was very careful about letting her touch me. She didn’t want to infect me either.
   “Listen Bre, I am going to sign the house over to you and Zeke. I want you to continue to stay here after I leave. I’m leaving you my money and everything. We all know I am not coming out of there alive.” She paused to blow her nose. “It would mean the world to me if you would stay here and use the house as kind of a safe house until all of this madness is over.”
   “Maria, don’t talk like that! Nothing is going to happen to you. You are going to the clinic and they are going to make you better. They probably have found a cure by now for all we know.”
   “You know they haven’t. I need you to do me a favor. I want you to call my lawyer and have him draw up the paperwork by the morning. And this part is very important. I need you to make sure Zeke is ok after I’m gone. Please. That would mean so much to me.”
   “I’ll do it. I promise.”
   I left them to spend their last few hours together. I called her lawyer like she asked and he had his courier drop the paperwork off early in the morning. She didn’t hesitate in signing it and handed it over to Zeke to keep in the files. 
   She and Zeke spent most of the morning holding each other and her reassuring him that it would be alright. She was exactly that type, the type that would try to make him feel better when she knew she was getting ready to die. 
   It was time to go to the clinic and Maria went from person to person saying her goodbyes. She stopped at Gabby and the both of them cried together and reminisced on old times. She ended with me.
   “Bre, you know I have always thought of you as my best friend?” She paused to cry. “You have meant so much to me over the last few years. I don’t know what I would have done without you. You helped me through the death of my brother and through some of my hardest times. You were there for me when I said ‘I do’. You know I love you right? You’re my sister.”
   “I love you too!” I couldn’t help but to hug her. I knew I was taking a chance but I couldn’t stop myself. It hurt me so bad to say goodbye to my best friend. We wept in each other’s arms.
   Zeke told his wife it was time to go and they left. See, this is exactly why it is so risky to fall in love at a time like this. Someone always ends up hurt. Accidents happen. But can we really stop ourselves from falling in love? It was their destiny to be together and now was it their destiny to be apart? Was their marriage only supposed to be for a short while? I didn’t know what to do with my thoughts because they were all over the place.
   “I feel bad for sending her away,” I said through tears. 
   “Bre, you did the right thing. We all did the right thing. Don’t second guess yourself. Nobody said it was going to be easy. It’s not easy. But we have to do what is right for the whole group. None of us could have prevented what happened and now we just have to live with the consequences. Don’t blame yourself. Just know you did what you could. After all, we did take a guy at gun point so we could get her some help. If that’s not love, I don’t know what is,” Zoe did her best to comfort me. 
   We gathered in the gazebo drinking warm tea and sharing stories of our fondest memories of Maria. I flashed back to the time we went to the amusement park and she threw up all over the tea cups. Gabby shared a time when they were kids and another kid in the park was bullying her and how Maria threw sand in the kid’s eyes so they could both get away. Jose recapped the story of how he met her when she was covered in grease on the side of the highway trying to fix her car so she could go home. Zoe didn’t know her well but she recounted the time she spent the night in our apartment and kept us laughing all night while we played Call of Duty. Maria was an exceptional person and we all knew it.
   Zeke was gone all day. We couldn’t reach him on his cell. I sent him probably 20 texts. It was kind of strange. We woke up the next morning and he was home. He didn’t have anything to say about the previous day’s events. He just stayed off to himself. 
   He did that for a while. He really didn’t come out of his room except at night time. Zoe thought it was really strange. She is such an investigator, she would find out why.

Chapter 12
ZOE
   Zeke was behaving strangely. He slept all day and left the house only at night. He was sneaking around and I wanted to find out why. Late one night in late February I decided to follow him. I had to know what was up. I followed him to the east end of the yard where there was a small shed. He unlocked the lock, swung the door open and said,
   “Hey baby, you doing ok in there? I’m sorry to keep you locked up but they just don’t understand that you need to stay at home with me. I just couldn’t take you to that clinic and baby, I’m not gonna.”

*TO BE CONTINUED*


Thank you for reading my book! Infected, Book 2, Zombie hunters, is available now at Amazon.com and Smashwords.com. 




If you liked what you read, please leave me a review! 



 






