
RIDING THE RIVER
by
Jeanne Harrell

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 by Jeanne Harrell

All Rights Reserved.

Published by Jeanne Harrell on Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved.  Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This e-book may not resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with.  Thank you for respecting the author’s work.

Electronic adaptation by www.StunningBooks.com





Thank you for downloading my book!  I am happy that you have made it part of your library.


Dedicated to Western movie lovers the world over…

Other books by Jeanne Harrell

Rancher’s Girl
Whisperer
Always and Forever
Being Emma
The Darkest Hour

http://www.jeanneharrell.com



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
About the Author



CHAPTER ONE

The movie opened with a stagecoach racing down a long, dusty road in the big country. Two men were sitting atop, one holding the reins and whip of the six-horse team, while the other held a shotgun, eyes scanning the horizon.  
Dust sprayed up all along the road under the horses’ flying hooves and behind the coach.  A long distance shot of the stage hurrying along this lonely stretch of road emphasized the emptiness of the countryside and displayed the movie title,  
‘Big Country’… 
A close-up of the wagon wheels turning furiously throwing out more dust and dirt displayed the actors’ names.  All of a sudden, the stagecoach was coming around a curve in the road, and then the camera panned to the horses’ legs galloping as fast as they could.  The shot slowly moved up to the horses’ heads obviously straining at their leather collars pulling the heavy stage, giving certain majesty to their efforts.
The stage completed the curve, closer this time to the camera and then a wide shot of it from behind, as it pulled into the tiny town.  The big country was emphasized again when the camera caught it from a ways out, making the town practically a speck on the landscape. 
Pulling into town, excited children ran along behind, laughing and pointing.  The stage stopped at a café and the driver advised his travelers to get out and stretch, while they changed horses.  That’s when Gregory Peck, the hero of the movie, stepped from the stagecoach, in his gray Eastern suit and holding on to his bowler.  He took a few steps and looked around him, then put on that hat.  The few townspeople gawked at him, since he’s so foreign to them -- probably funny-looking too.  Peck knows he’s out of his element.  He’s a retiring sea captain from Baltimore and has arrived in this dusty town to meet the woman he loves.
Sarah practically swooned when Gregory Peck showed up on screen… Tall… handsome with dark, wavy hair…  She’d been watching the movie and eating popcorn one afternoon at her apartment when her friend, Abby, showed up at the door.  Abby let herself in… Coming around the corner, she stopped abruptly when she saw what Sarah was watching. Exasperated, she threw her hands up in the air.
“I can’t believe it… How many times have you seen that crummy movie? Ten? Twenty?”
Sarah sighed.  “It’s such a great movie, Abby.  I don’t care how many times I’ve seen it.  How many times have you seen ‘Star Wars’?”
Abby had the good grace to grin.  “… A few times…”
“Okay, I rest my case.”
“What case?  It’s a beautiful Saturday in the fabulous city of Baltimore and you’re wasting it watching television.”  Abby folded her arms and frowned at her.
“Abby, listen…”
Abby sat down on the couch by her to listen again to what she knew Sarah was probably going to tell her.  She could almost recite the speech with her, chapter and verse. But watching Sarah’s face light up, Abby knew that inner glow was coming from somewhere – but where?
“Gregory Peck travels all the way from back East – Baltimore, by the way – to meet the woman he loves.  He’s completely out of his element, which doesn’t bother him in the least, because he’s sure of himself and sure of his love for her.”
Sarah stopped to reach for a tissue.  She wiped her eyes… Abby rolled hers…
“Sarah, you’ve got to quit idealizing these Western characters.”
“He’s not a Western character…”
“Yes, but he becomes one and settles down in the big country.  I’ve seen this movie with you at least three times, that I remember.”
“I’m not idealizing…”

“Sarah… This is what you do with every Western you watch.  The West is larger than life to you and as golden as it gets.  It’s just a place, like any other… like Baltimore.”
Sarah whipped her head around to confront her.  “Are you nuts? The West is nothing like Baltimore…”
“I didn’t mean they were just alike.”
“Baltimore’s huge… it’s a port city… there’s a history dating back to John Smith coming to the Chesapeake Bay… steel and manufacturing businesses.”
“Okay, so…”
“The Old West had and has a different kind of color, a different flavor.  The big landscapes… There’s hominess about it, with friendlier people…. Cowboys and ranches, roping and riding, sleeping out under the stars… Did I mention cowboys?”
Sarah grinned at Abby who smiled back.  “Yes, you really have a thing for cowboys, don’t you?”
“… Don’t know.  I’ve never met one.”
“… Well, back to the movie, Gregory Peck isn’t a cowboy either.”
“No, but he becomes one, showing that being different won’t stop him from eventually fitting in.”  Sarah sighed again, then she looked angry.  “And he travels clear across the country – you know what travel was like back then—It probably took him months to get to his girl in the West.”
“Again…so?”
“I have a boyfriend who won’t drive two blocks to see me.”
Abby grimaced. “Yeah, Ben’s getting to be a problem...”
“… Getting to be?” she snorted.  “I think he’s only interested in me because of my family.  There’s not much in the way of romance coming from that guy.”
“So break up with him.”
She thought about that.  “I should, shouldn’t I?”  Pause.  “But Dad really likes him and Grandfather wants to use him in the next campaign.  He’s a lawyer after all.”
“So who cares?  Do you?”
“… I care what my family thinks.”
“Come on, Sarah.  Let’s get out of here and go to that farmers’ market down by the water.  I want some crab for dinner tonight.  You joining me?”
“… Definitely.”
“No Ben this evening?”  
Sarah shrugged.  “He’s got a lawyer thing and not available.” 
“Good. Grab your purse and let’s go have some fun…”
Sarah got up from the couch and hit the button on the remote to turn off her television.  Abby looked up at her.
“… Listen, I don’t mean to cause friction with you and Ben.”
“That’s okay…”
“It’s just that he really isn’t the guy for you.  He may be the guy for your family, but not you… You know that, don’t you?”
Sarah slid her eyes away.  “… Yes, I do.”
“Sarah, I’m sorry to say this, but you really need something in your life, something different.”
“What do you mean?”
“… I don’t know… A shot in the arm, a new guy… maybe a new job…  But something…”
Sarah blew out a breath.  “I could go for a new job, for sure.”  She paused and looked over at Abby.  “Real change is hard…”
“… But sometimes necessary.”
  “… Whew… Too serious…  Let’s get that crab and have a nice dinner.”
“Great…”
“Then I’ve got ‘Red River’ that we can see later.”
“Sarah…”
“You know, that great cattle drive movie with John Wayne?”
Abby rubbed her forehead, like she was getting a headache and then laughed.  “All right, my good friend, Sarah… It’ll be crab night and a Western movie.  Is there anything better?”
“No…” Sarah beamed at her, as she grabbed her purse and they headed out the door.



CHAPTER TWO

Charleston Restaurant was located in the Inner Harbor off Chesapeake Bay.  Sarah could smell the water from the Bay a few streets over, and its moisture made her skin sing.  No clouds in the sky and the sun felt warm on her face.  Of course, her father had chosen one of the best restaurants in Baltimore for their dinner meeting and, of course, Ben was too busy to join them.
She walked along the street toward the corner, where she knew the gray stone exterior would lead to an incredibly elegant interior, and where her father waited.  Sarah had worn her hair in a French twist and her loveliest dress with the full, pleated skirt.  It was from some designer that she’d bought the last time they’d been to Milan.  She was told that Italian fashion designers were the best.  A dress was a dress to her, but it sure made a lot of difference to some people.  Her father was one of those people.
Entering the restaurant, Sarah was immediately taken to the section where her father was seated.  Robert Hughes was tall and handsome with a full head of lustrous, light gray hair.  He always dressed immaculately in elegant suits purchased in London and was known to be quite a catch.  She waved at him when she saw him, noticing how comfortable he was in the rich décor.  When she was close, he stood up to kiss her cheek and pull out the chair for her.
“Hello, sweetie.  You look beautiful.  That Italian dress does wonders for your lovely figure and face.”  His eyes sparkled at her.
“Dad…” Sarah was always embarrassed when her father dropped compliments all over her, but it didn’t dissuade him.  She sat down opposite him and then he sat.  A waiter came up to lay their napkins on their laps.
“Would either of you care for water?”
“Yes, please,” said Robert.
“Would you prefer sparkling or flat?”
“Sparkling, please, Roland.  Thank you.”
Then he turned to admire his daughter.  He smiled.  “You look so much like your mother, Sarah.”  She blushed.  “I mean it.  You’re gorgeous.”
“Dad, you might be a little prejudiced.”
“I might be, but I’m not.  Look at you… Beautiful blonde hair piled exquisitely on top of your pretty head.  Those blue eyes could sink ships like Helen of Troy.”
Sarah blushed deeper.  “Could we please discuss something else?  Thank you for the compliments, but they’re not necessary.  Really…”
Robert laughed.  “If I can’t indulge my only child… All right, Sarah.  But only because you say so…” He looked around.  “Where’s Ben?”
The waiter came up then to hand over wine lists and menus.  He departed as quietly as he came.
“Oh, he has a lawyer thing.  Or a campaign thing with Grandfather… I’m not sure.” She began to look over the menu.  Robert gave her a sharp look.
“You sound like you don’t much care either.”
That got her attention and she put down her menu.
“What would you say if I told you that I don’t – care, that is…”
Robert put down his menu too.  “I’d have to ask, what’s going on with you, daughter? I thought he was the love of your life.”
She shook her head, making her dangly earrings dance around her cheeks.  “Nope. Not even close…”
“So he isn’t?”
“No.”
“… Where’d I get that idea from then?”
“Probably from Ben...”
“Or your grandfather…”
“Yes, I know he loves Ben.”
“But apparently you don’t.”
“Do you really want to discuss this right now in this wonderful restaurant on this beautiful day?”
“Yes, Sarah, I do.  First, let’s order…  What would you like?  No, let me guess – franks and beans?”
They both laughed.
“My culinary tastes are not as fine as yours, Dad.”
“Okay… Well, the lobster soup with curry or the pan-roasted foie gras look good.  What do you say?”
“Fine.”  The waiter had returned.  “Roland, we’ll have the lobster soup and the foie gras this evening.”
“Very good Mr. Hughes.  Any wine this evening?”
“Sarah?”
“Sure…”
Looking at the wine list, he made a selection. “We’ll have the Chateanneuf-du-Pape, 2009. Thank you, Roland.”
“Thank you, sir.”  And the waiter left with their order.
“You know, I would really prefer a beer.”
He shook his head.  “Sarah, Sarah… What am I going to do with you?”
She smiled at him.  “What did you want to see me about, Dad?”
“All right.  Meeting first and then back to Ben.”
“Okay with me.” She fussed with the napkin on her lap.
“I know you’re not happy with your job, honey.  Why don’t you come work with me in the Mayor’s office?  You know we need computer people.  You’d be a real asset there.”
Sarah considered his request as the waiter brought first the water and then the bottle of red wine.  She watched as he gracefully uncorked the short-nosed bottle and knew the wine would be only the best.  Her father took a preliminary taste, nodded and Roland poured them both glasses.  He placed the bottle on the table and discreetly left.
“Sarah?”
“Dad, I love you for always wanting to help me.”  She paused and looked him in the eye.  “Don’t you get sick of it sometimes?”
“No… Honey, what are you really saying?”
She sat back in her chair.  “I’m not sure… It just seems like everything I have is from you.  My whole life is based on what you’ve given me.  What have I done for myself?”
“Wow… You’ve been thinking lately.  And you sound a little lost…”
She blew out a breath.  “I think I am, Dad.  I hardly know which way is up anymore.”
“That explains Ben…”
“Sure.  Ben is so focused and driven that he leaves me behind in the dust.  Besides, where he’s going is not where I want to go.”
“This is getting interesting.  Finish that thought…” Her father smiled indulgently at her.  He rested his chin against one hand.
Sarah bit her lip and smoothed some flyaway wisps of hair.  She straightened the folds of her dress and sat up straighter in her chair.   She has no idea, he thought.
“…Um…”
“Listen, sweetie.  Let me tell you something first.  You not only look like your mother, but your personality is so much like hers too.  She wasn’t very happy in Baltimore either.  She stayed because of me… You know that, right?”
“How do you know I’m not happy here, Dad?  My God, I was born here as were you.”
“But your mother was from a small town not far from Reno, Nevada.  She told you about Lovelock many times, I’m sure.”
“Yes, but…”
“She was a small-town girl, Sarah, and you just may be one too.”
“Dad, I don’t want to leave Baltimore for some tiny town…”
“… Are you so sure?  And it may be more about what you need and not what you want.”
“…Ah…”
“Besides,” he teased, “you haven’t met him yet…”
“Who?”
“…Him…”
“Who’s that?”
“Gregory Peck.”
“… Have you taken leave of your senses?”
“He’s Gregory Peck from that old Western movie you love.  What’s it called again?”
“‘Big Country’.”
“That’s it…”
“Dad… There’s no one alive like Gregory Peck.  Abby tells me I idealize these things.  Maybe she’s right.”
“Okay, so he’s not exactly Gregory Peck, but maybe a pretty decent copy.”
She just looked at him mystified.  She’d never heard her father talk like this.
Their food came out then.  Hot, covered dishes were placed before them, Robert first and then Sarah.  The waiter removed the covers from the dishes, wished them both ‘Bon Appetit’ and left again. They ate in comfortable silence, occasionally taking sips of the delectable wine.
“There’s something to be said for fine dining, isn’t there, Sarah?”
“You’re right about that, Dad.  This is spectacular tonight…”
He raised his glass to toast.  She raised hers as well.
“I think we should toast to fine living… Living a good life is the best thing you can do.”
“I agree, Dad, but I don’t know where to start…”
“Take a sip, Sarah.  It’ll eventually come to you.”
They drank their wine together.  Sarah knit her eyebrows in confusion, while Robert smiled slightly and wondered where she was going with all this.  Wherever it was, he knew it would be a great adventure and maybe the treasure would be finding herself at the end of the journey.  
And that thought went down just fine with his delicious dinner.



CHAPTER THREE

Everyone at the office called him Joe the Tyrant, behind his back, of course. Unfortunately, he didn’t use his people skills very often with the right people – customers, certainly, but with employees, hardly ever.  He only managed to keep people because he paid so very well…
Sarah was at work trying to help a fledging company get started with their computer needs.  As one of her business’ senior computer consultants, she was experienced in every facet of computer technology, software and hardware.  She occasionally gave tutorials to the community on various programs such as Final Cut Pro for moviemaking and other kinds of software needed for video production.  She was fond of going over to the senior center to instruct and assist older people on how to use email, texting, making and sending little videos.  Her work was creative and she loved it.
In fact, Sarah wanted to start her own business, but had never been brave enough to work up a business plan.  The idea rattled around in her brain about as often as her boss rattled her.  Starting her own business was very much on her mind today, as Joe was on one of his tears.
“Listen, Sarah, I don’t care if your grandfather was governor of this state at one time.  You can’t tell a new company that they can’t do something… You have to help them find a way to do it…”
“…Mr. Olson, that’s not what…”
“And you need to clock in so I know where you are.  How do I know if you’re having a cup of coffee or walking into a company’s office for a consultation?”
The whole office was listening to Joe rant at her.  Perspiration beaded on her forehead and she wiped it quickly, discreetly.  She was acutely aware that other people were listening and she was feeling nauseous.
“Couldn’t we go in your office to discuss this, Mr. Olson?”
“Absolutely not.  I want the rest of these lazy people you work with to get off their asses too and get their work done.”  He looked around the office and raised his voice.  “Get to work!”  Everyone hunkered down over desks to stay out of the fray.  Several cast sympathetic eyes toward Sarah.
He stomped out of the room, glaring at anyone who looked up at him.  He was madder than usual because two people had just quit yesterday.  Sarah had lasted longer than most, but her two years here were beginning to cost her dearly.
Sarah ran into the bathroom before bursting into tears.  She looked down at her arm and saw the familiar redness beginning to creep down.  Wishing she’d brought her purse with the medicine in it, Sarah tore off a paper towel and wet it, trying to cool the warmth of the growing red area.  It was a losing proposition at best.  She tried to calm down and leaned her alarmingly red cheek on the cool tile wall.  Maybe she needed to take her dad up on his job offer… Joe the Tyrant was getting worse, as more people quit.
And why he picked on her, she couldn’t tell.  Was he jealous of her prominent family?  Maybe he voted for the opposing party… Her evaluations from the companies that she worked with always gave her the highest marks in instruction and knowledge of subject.  She was good, but rarely got any acknowledgement from the boss.  He just threw more business her way and threatened her with firing if she didn’t come through.  She hadn’t told her family or Ben about the mistreatment – She wanted to take care of it herself, but was having trouble figuring out how.  Quitting was moving up to the top of her list… But she hated quitting…
Leaving the bathroom feeling somewhat composed, a few people stopped Sarah with condolences.
“Sarah, that was horrible of him.  What’s wrong with this guy?” said Marcia, another computer consultant.
“He must have left the building…” said Sarah.
“Yes, he stormed out of here after screaming at you.  Why the guy doesn’t have high blood pressure is beyond me.”
“That’s because he gives all of us high blood pressure, Marcia.”  Sarah smiled weakly.
“So sorry about that,” added Tim, another consultant.  Then he noticed her arm.  “Jeez, Sarah… What’s wrong with your arm? It’s beet red and so is the side of your face.”
Marcia turned Sarah’s face around so she could see what Tim could.  She gasped.  “Sarah, you need to go to the ER.  This really doesn’t look healthy.  Please get checked out.”
Embarrassed, Sarah lowered her eyes.  “Okay.  Clock me out for the day, would you please, Marcia?  I think I will head over to the hospital.”
Lots of murmurings when Sarah retrieved her purse from her desk and left for the day…  Moral outrage was building and others considered quitting.  Sarah was admired and pitied at the same time…

Arriving in the ER of Baltimore General, Sarah checked in with the front desk and sat down to wait her turn.  She knew it would take a few hours, if she was lucky, and brought her laptop to get some work done.  Suddenly, she thought of something, turned on her computer and brought up a Word document she had been neglecting.  It was the incomplete business plan for her start-up company.  Sarah thought it was high time she dusted it off and got it ready to put into action.
What kind of business did she want to do?  Basically, what she was doing now – Computer consulting for new companies.  Sarah tapped her finger on her chin thinking… How about adding in consulting for online companies as well.  She could get more business, she figured, if some of it was done online.  Good thinking… 
A lady sitting a few seats over glanced at her laptop screen.  “Busy?”
“A little…”
“What do you do?”
“I work in computer consulting.”
“Sounds important.”
Sarah smiled.  “I’d like to think so.”
The woman saw her arm and face.  “It looks like it’s getting to you though.”
She tried to pull her sleeve down to cover the redness.   
“… Ah…”
“Want to know what I think?”
Sarah looked over at the woman.  She was dressed very conservatively in a nice blue suit and her hair was just coiffed.  Her shoes looked new and she’d recently had a manicure.  In short, she was refined… Sarah was enthralled and nodded at her.
“Something’s bothering you and it looks bad.  You ever think of going on a vacation?”
Sarah was hypnotized and just shook her head.
“If I were you, I’d give that some more thought.  Your body’s telling you what your brain isn’t… Go save yourself…”
Sarah swallowed.  She gulped in air.  The woman broke off eye contact, got up and walked out of the ER, never looking back.  When she’d gone, Sarah wasn’t sure if she had dreamed the whole conversation or what…
And then her name was called.
She was sitting in an attending room when her father’s doctor walked in.
He blinked in surprise when he saw her, as she did with him.
“Sarah… What are you doing here?”
“I might ask you the same thing, Dr. Allen…”
“I work down here occasionally when they’re short-handed…” And then he saw her face.  He turned it to examine it closer.
“What’s going on, Sarah?”
“You might as well see my arm as well.” She peeled her sleeve back to give him full view of the redness continuing down her arm.
“Damn, Sarah.  This is serious.  How long has this been happening?”
“This is the worst it’s ever been, but I’ve broken out a few times this past year.”
“What are you putting on it? I see something smeared here.”
She pulled some ointment out of her purse.  He glanced at it and shook his head.
“No… This won’t help. You need something stronger.”
He looked sharply at her.  “Have you mentioned this to your father?”
“No, and I’d just as soon you didn’t either.”
“Well, I can’t, Sarah, but you really need to see a dermatologist and find out what’s going on.”
She frowned. “I can tell you part of it.  I have a tyrannical boss that likes to yell at me and everyone else…  The redness always seems worse after one of his outbursts.”
“I assume he had one today.”
“Yes…”
He grabbed a pen and paper.  “I’m going to write down the name of a dermatologist that I want you to see – today.”
“Today?”  He handed her the paper. “How do I get in to see him on such short notice?”
“Because I’m doing this as if you were my daughter… I will call him and you drive over there now.  This skin condition is probably chronic and you need to get specialized treatment now.”
“Yes, sir…” Sarah looked down at the paper in her hand.  There was an address written too.  “I’ll go now.”
On the drive over, Sarah called Abby.
“Any chance you could meet me at some doctor’s office in about half an hour?”
“Yeah, what’s up? Your voice sounds funny…”
“Just meet me, okay?”

Sarah and Abby were sitting in a coffee shop around the corner from the dermatologist’s office sipping cups of coffee.  Abby was perpetually frowning as Sarah spoke softly and low. When she finished, Abby blew out a breath.
“This has to be the last straw for you, Sarah.  Quit your crappy job… That boss has given you a chronic skin rash.” 
She glanced at Sarah’s arm – the redness was getting lighter, less distinct, in part thanks to the new doctor’s ointment.  “He’s an ass to treat you this way…”
“I agree.  But I have some vacation time coming and I wanted to take it before quitting.  He won’t pay for those days if I quit, I know.” 
“And what was that woman in the ER talking about?”
Sarah’s eyes widened.  “That was just the strangest encounter I’ve ever had.  From a total stranger, I’m told to go on a vacation and to save myself.”
She looked aghast.  “Save myself?”
“Well, I couldn’t have said it better myself.  The mysterious lady was dead right – Get out of here for a while and take a break. Between your grandfather’s constant political events, what to do about Ben and your terrible job, I’m surprised you’re still upright.”
Abby could see Sarah struggling.  Her eyes were misty and she chewed on her lip.
“…Um…”
“Don’t think, Sarah.  Put in for your vacation time and just go…”
“Go where?  Do what? I haven’t taken a vacation in two years.”
“All the more reason… Look…” Abby was getting excited.  “I’ll bring over a bunch of travel brochures tonight and we’ll take a look at some options…  What do you think?”
Sarah reached into her purse for a tissue.  “Thanks, Abby. I don’t know what I’d do without you… You help me see things more clearly.”
Abby stood up and Sarah joined her.  They hugged and Abby patted her back.
“It’s going to be all right.  Somehow… It’s going to be all right.  We’ll figure something out.”
Sarah smiled.  “See you about six then?”
“Sounds good.”
“I’ll pick up some Chinese food.”
“Thank God, it’s Friday…”
“Got that right.  See you later…”



CHAPTER FOUR

Abby and Sarah sat in the middle of a sea of travel brochures.  They sat cross-legged, using chopsticks to eat their sweet and sour pork, and occasionally pushed a brochure this way or that.  
“How did you ever talk the travel agent into giving you so many brochures?” 
Abby batted her eyelashes at her and fluffed her short brown hair.  “I used to date the guy and he wants to go out again…” She smiled and Sarah laughed.
“I so believe that.  You just love ‘em and leave ‘em, don’t you?”
“Uh-huh… And you should too.  Saves heartaches this way… Hey, look at this one…” Abby handed Sarah a brochure of San Francisco.
“That looks great, but I don’t know anyone there.”
“Come on.  Your grandfather doesn’t know anyone in that city?  Hard to believe.”
“… Well, he knows political people who would show me around just to do him a favor maybe… Not what I want to do…”
“Do you really need to know somebody wherever it is you’re going?”
“…Suppose not…”
They ate some more Chinese food and scanned several more brochures.  Sarah used a chopstick to look at another one buried in the pile.
“I’d like to go someplace out West, I think.  Look at this one in Santa Fe.  That looks good…”
Abby opened the brochure to see attractions listed inside.
“Good… Lots of Indian museums, jewelry, historical stuff, fabulous architecture…”
“Let’s keep looking.”
“Do you want to do some rafting or go to a spa?”
“No…”
“Best steak place, beach, ski resort or bike trail?”
“…Uh-uh…”
“Disneyland, Lake Tahoe or Hollywood?”
“Nope…”
“Grand Canyon or Yosemite?”
“…Getting warmer…”
Abby plucked more lemon chicken and chewed thoughtfully.  “Let’s concentrate on Montana, Wyoming, Utah, Nevada, Arizona or New Mexico.  Those are really Old West states and perhaps that’s where your thinking is headed.”
Sarah nodded.  “Yes, I think you’re right.”  Then she sat up straight and brightened.  Abby could almost see the cartoon of a light bulb go on above her head.
“What?”
“…Where was ‘Big Country’ filmed?”
“… You’re asking me?” Abby laughed.
“No, I’m just talking out loud.  It was filmed in various locations in California and Arizona… No, it’s the idea of the location…”
“What about it?”
“It’s remote. Accessibility is possible, but you have to work for it.”
“So…” Abby rolled that idea around. “You want to find a remote place where something only the Old West can supply.  How about fishing?”
“That could be part of it…”
“Think cowboy stuff – roping, horseback riding…”
Sarah laughed.  “Now we’re getting someplace…”
Abby picked up a glossy brochure and her eyes lit up.  “Listen, Sarah…” She started reading, “‘Walker Guest Ranch is a working horse and cattle ranch located in the remote northeastern corner of Nevada.  The ranch offers a variety of activities for guests, family and friends.  It is a surprisingly comfortable sanctuary in the midst of a vast landscape by the Humboldt and Ruby Mountain Ranges, hills and meadows.’”
“Let me see that…” Sarah took the brochure from Abby and continued to read the inside and outside flap.  “This looks terrific…”
“Yeah, you’d be riding, roping and sleeping out under the stars.  All those things you’ve wanted to do.  Maybe you’ll meet a cute cowboy…”
Sarah swatted her with the brochure.  “That’s the last thing I want to do, Abby.  Once I get past Ben, I’ve had it with guys for a while – I’m certainly not looking to get into another relationship anytime soon.”
Abby just raised one eyebrow and smirked.  “Maybe Gregory Peck lives there…”
Ignoring her, Sarah smiled.  “And it’s in Nevada.  You remember my mother was born in Reno, but lived most of her life in Lovelock, not far away.”
“Nevada… Sounds good.  Very Old West…  How about the horse or cattle drives?  Sound good?”
“I think I’d love to go on a horse drive, whatever that is…” She started yawning and put down her chopsticks.
“…That’s my cue.  Time for me to go home… Four hours searching for the most incredible vacation has worn us both out.”
“Yes, I need to get some sleep.  Dad and Grandfather have asked me to help in the gubernatorial campaign coming up.”
“Sounds like lots of envelope stuffing…”
“And phone calls, and fundraising… long nights… crummy food…”
Abby laughed.  “You have to deal with it.  Gotta go… See you soon, Sarah.”
After Abby had gone, Sarah took another look at the Nevada guest ranch brochure.  It looked good to her on so many levels. One of its biggest attractions was that it offered a simpler life for a while – And that was worth its weight in gold.  A simpler life… What is really possible? She supposed people found it, but nobody she knew.  Baltimore was bustling all the time… She wanted to slow down, think and smell a few flowers – sage, maybe…  
Sarah took the brochure into her bedroom and laid it on her nightstand.  After changing into pajamas and brushing her teeth, Sarah crawled into bed and felt like the day had been one hundred years long.  She dreamily thought about following a herd of horses galloping out in a big country… Landscape painted green and yellow and brown with God’s paintbrush.  Jagged mountains reaching up to touch massive clouds sitting in a pale blue sky…  It was enough to make her eyes droop and allowed her to fall asleep thinking -- 
Horses… stillness… starry skies… guitars… 

####

Former Governor Henry Hughes was astonished -- His eyes widened, his mouth dropped open. He and Sarah were standing in the center of campaign headquarters with staff bustling all around them.  Phones rang, placards fell and were picked up, people were talking and laughing, political slogans hung on the walls…
“Sarah, you want to take off for a week now? The new gubernatorial campaign is starting and you know that I need you… both you and Ben.  I’m advising the incumbent governor on how best to win this upcoming race.  It’s going to be incredibly close with the challenger in the primary… How can you possibly think about leaving now?”
Henry Hughes was an imposing figure.  Over six feet tall with a full head of silver hair, much like his son’s, Hughes was impressive.  He commanded respect and got it, although he had a real soft spot for his only granddaughter and loved her to distraction.  There wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for her, but she needed to help him too, when necessary.  This was one of those times…
Sarah gulped looking up at him.  He didn’t mean to intimidate her, but she knew he meant business.
“Grandfather, I haven’t had a vacation in two years and I really need one.  Couldn’t you get someone else this time?” She thought her voice sounded whiny.
He looked at her sternly, but lovingly.  Henry took her hands in his.
“Sweetie, I know that you need time off, but this isn’t the time.  You are invaluable to me with all your social and business skills.  It’ll only be for about five weeks and then you can take off.  Please?”
How could she refuse her grandfather? She loved him more than life…
Sarah swallowed hard.  “Okay, whatever you say.  I’ll wait a while longer.”
Walking out to her car, Robert called.  “The Governor just called me.  What’s this about going on vacation?”  Sarah shook her head.  Why did he insist on calling his father ‘the Governor’?
All this effort was beginning to weigh her down – And she hadn’t even approached her boss yet…
“… Dad…”
“Honey, if you want to quit and come work for me, I’ll start you in a few months, so you can help your grandfather.  Would that help you out?”
“It would help out with the job, but not the vacation.  I really need some time away, Dad…”
“I understand, but this is probably the worst time ever to be taking off.  Please think it over and call me tonight.  I have a staff meeting starting in five minutes and need to go… Love you, honey…” And he hung up.
Sarah opened her car door and sat down, looking through her windshield, but not seeing.  All she needed now was a call from the absentee boyfriend reminding her of family duty and obligation.  She didn’t have to wait long… Her phone rang.
“Hello, Ben.”
“Sarah, what’s this about you leaving on vacation?  Your grandfather just told me.  I can’t believe you’d abandon your family obligations at such a crucial time…”
“Good grief, Ben.  Grandfather’s not running, it’s the current governor.  Grandfather is just advisory…”
“It makes no difference.  Your duty is helping out like you always do.  You must stay dependable and reliable.  Can’t we count on you?”
Sarah was appalled.  He didn’t sound so much like a loving boyfriend, as he did Joe the Tyrant.  Maybe a more sugarcoated bully…
“Don’t say anything, Sarah.  I’ll pick you up for dinner tonight at seven and we’ll discuss the role your grandfather wants you to perform this time.  The campaign will be slightly different than last time, due to the strength of the opposing challenger.  The primary is going to be hot and heated…”
“… Ben…”
“I’ll see you at seven.”  And he hung up leaving Sarah’s mouth open at his brusqueness.  She put down her phone on the passenger seat and continued staring out the windshield of her car.  When was the last time he’d held her or kissed her… When was the last time they’d made love or looked into each other’s eyes.  Did he really love her?  She knew she’d stopped loving him some time ago, if she ever had.  She was going to have to talk to him tonight when they had dinner.  The end of her rope was within sight.
And then she called Abby to reluctantly tell her that the vacation was going to be delayed indefinitely. She couldn’t fight them all…



CHAPTER FIVE

The next afternoon, Abby received another call from Sarah.  She was back at the hospital… Could she please come down?
Abby went to Emergency and inquired at the reception desk.  She was shown back to where Sarah was sitting on an examining table in one of the patient rooms, taking deep breaths, trying to calm down.
“What’s the matter?” Abby walked up to Sarah and took a good look at her.
“The doctor said I had a panic attack.”
“Oh, my God… Are you all right?”
“Yes… getting there.”
“Have you ever had one before?”
“… I don’t think so, but some of the symptoms were familiar.”
“Like what?”
“Shortness of breath, feeling dizzy, my heart starts pounding and I tremble…”
“Sarah…” They looked at each other for a long minute, then Abby sat down on a chair next to the bed.
“What brought this on? We had fun looking through the brochures the other night.  I thought your mind was made up.”
“So did I…”
“What happened since then?”
“… Do you have some time?”
“Yes, but let’s get you home first and then I’ll interrogate you…”
Sarah smiled slightly and Abby rose to help her off the table.  After checking out, Abby drove Sarah back to her apartment.
“Where’s your car?”
“Still at work.  Marcia drove me down here, shaking her finger at me all the way…”
“I want to hear this…”
Arriving at the apartment, Abby got Sarah situated on her couch, and slipped off her shoes.  Abby got her a glass of water and another pillow.
“It seems like when I finally tried to do something of my own, all I’ve gotten is backlash.  No one wants to see me change, but me…”
Abby got comfortable in a chair opposite the couch.  “Take it from the top, please.”
Sarah sighed.  “I went to bed so happy when you left.”
“… And then what?”
“I met Grandfather for lunch at headquarters the next day, and he said I couldn’t take a vacation just yet.  He needs me…”
Abby rolled her eyes.  “Always…”
“As soon as he was done with me, then Dad called saying the same thing. And just in case I didn’t get the message, Ben called after that reminding me of my family duty.  He took me to dinner last night…”
“Really?  A Ben sighting?” She almost laughed.
“And I got an hour of what I should be doing with my life, along with my steak dinner…”
“Sounds like tons of fun…”
“But Abby, I did strike a small blow for freedom.”
“… What?”
“I told Ben that I was ready to see other men.”
“You didn’t…”
“Yep…”
“What did he say? Boy, I wish I’d been a mouse in the corner.”
“He was taking a drink of his wine and started choking.” She smiled. “I had to pound him on the back. That felt good too…”
“So did you break up with him?”
“I think so, but Ben doesn’t.  He told me he’d give me a week to think things over.  He’s sure I’ll come to my senses by then.”
They looked at each other and burst out laughing.  Sarah laughed so hard, she had to hold onto her stomach.  It felt very good…
Abby wiped a few tears away from her eyes.  Some color had crept back to Sarah’s lovely face.  “So what brought on the panic attack?”
“You mean besides all the family pressure?”
“Yes…”
“I put in for a week’s vacation with my boss.  He immediately hit the ceiling and I mean that literally.  He started throwing things up in the air – staplers, pens…”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake.  That guy is a cartoon character. What’s the matter with him anyway?”
Sarah looked at her and then turned away.  “I know what’s wrong with him.”
“You do?”
“Yes…”
“… Please tell me.  This I’ve got to hear.”  Abby sat back in her chair.
“One day last year, I went up to his office and started to knock on the door.  I noticed it was slightly ajar and I heard him talking on the phone.”
“Who to?”
“I gathered it was his wife…”
“Okay…”
“So it got embarrassing.”
“What did?” Abby leaned forward now.
“He was pleading with her.  I could see him in his chair with tears rolling down his face.”
“You’re kidding… Joe the Tyrant?”
“Yes, apparently she was leaving him and he was distraught.”
“Then what happened?”
“He hung up the phone, wiped his face off and saw me at the door.”
“What did he do?”
“He told me to come in.  When I did, he asked me never to speak to anyone about what I’d just seen and heard.”
“What did you say?”
“I told him that I hadn’t seen or heard anything much. From that day, he was better for a while.”
“Better?  After what he did last week and then today?”
“Right…  He’s slowly gotten worse again.”
They both thought about that for a minute.
“So what happened after he threw things up in the air?  He was being a cartoon character…”
“Totally, but I stuck to my guns and insisted.  I reminded him that I haven’t had a vacation in two years and that a few more people quit yesterday.”
“… Interesting… The rats are leaving the ship.”
“Definitely and he can’t afford to lose me.  Even Marcia said she has resumes out…”
“So he gave in?”
“No, he continued to bully me and all of a sudden, while looking at him, I felt light-headed.  Something must have shown on my face because he yelled for Marcia to come into his office… She got me in a chair before I nearly passed out.”
“… No…”
“So he ordered Marcia to get me home and told me I could have a week’s vacation. Marcia took me to the ER instead…”
“So you had to practically die in front of him to get time off…”
“… Something like that.”
Sarah stopped and took a long swallow of water.  Abby continued to look at her and started shaking her head.
“Sarah, you’re going to have a nervous breakdown.  You know that, right?”
“Yes…”
“So… what are you going to do?”
She lay down on the couch and put another pillow under her head.  Taking a deep breath, she said with resolution, “I’m making a reservation at that guest ranch in Nevada.”
“Good for you…” Abby thought a minute.  “What about your family? Won’t they be upset?”
“They’re going to have to get along without me for a week.”
“Talk about striking a blow for freedom.  Good for you, girl…” Sarah began to yawn and Abby got the message.
“Do you want me to spend the night, Sarah?  Or are you all right alone?”
“… I’m okay.  Thanks for picking me up.”
“I’ll get you to your car tomorrow.  When does your vacation start?”
“Now… Monday to Monday is what Joe said he’d give me.”
“When do will you leave for Nevada?”
“Tomorrow, if at all possible.”
Abby’s face shone. She stood up and clapped her hands.
“Yay! Go have a blast in the Wild West…”
“Thanks,” smiled Sarah.  “I think I will…”



CHAPTER SIX

She’d brought a book to read on the plane, but couldn’t seem to concentrate on it… Even though it was a darling story about a young, female deputy sheriff in a small town in Nevada who kept butting into everyone’s business. Sarah finally put it away and closed her eyes, thinking about all the turmoil she had left behind in Baltimore.
Her father and grandfather had found out about the panic attack somehow, and called Ben first.  He didn’t know anything about it either, so then everyone called her – one at a time…  Sarah wished she could have made it a conference call, to take care of all three of them at the same time.  They all said different versions of practically the same things …

“Sarah, why did you have a panic attack?”
“Why are you leaving tomorrow for Nevada, of all places?”
“When you return, you’ll have twice the work to do that you have now…”
“Are you going to quit that job?  That jerk should be sued.”
“But you don’t know anyone in Nevada…”

Everyone had an opinion… Everyone knew what she should do.  She wanted to step back a few paces and take a good look at her life.  Some changes were definitely called for, but she wanted to get away first and learn how to breathe again.  Her breathing had become so shallow that her lungs weren’t filling… She was having trouble catching her breath.  Not good…
But it was to be a seven-hour flight, which was just fine.  No companies to instruct, no boss to endure, no family to placate and no absentee boyfriend.  It was just Sarah, all by herself for the first time in… how long?  Maybe forever.  Time to do something all on her own… Sarah took that first deep breath.  Even though it was airplane air, it was still smelled a bit like freedom.
It was a quick flight actually since Sarah had no one to please but herself.
She’d passed some of the time by trying to figure out which states she flew across.  Sometimes the pilot would come on the intercom and announce the newest state… West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois went by underneath the plane as she watched a movie and read her book.  When the pilot announced that they were flying over Kansas, she took a look.  At 35,000 feet up, she was eating a late lunch and casually looked out her little window.  She could see swirly lines of contrasting colors – greens and browns – farmland, maybe, as the plane also flew over towns and rivers that looked like specks.
The plane hit a pocket of turbulence that made Sarah’s stomach jump and clench, when the pilot announced they were flying over Colorado.  The plane descended in altitude then, probably to avoid further turbulence.  A look down showed larger rivers, deep gorges and mountains shrouded in white mist.  She was napping when the pilot came on to announce that they were flying over Utah.  Again, she saw far-away cities surrounded by snow-capped mountains, but there was also a reddish tint from time to time.  Lots of canyons there, she knew…
Also, Sarah thought about a great old Western that had been filmed in Utah, ‘The Searchers’ with another of her favorite Western actors, John Wayne. The beautiful red rock areas and Monument Valley had hosted such movies as ‘Stagecoach’, ‘How the West Was Won’, and ‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid’.  Sarah smiled just thinking of those great, iconic movies.  The woman sitting next to her caught her smile.
“Hi… I’m Michelle. I’m being nosy and was just wondering what you were thinking about… It’s that’s not too personal a question.”
“No, it isn’t.  So many great movies have been made in Utah. I was thinking about a few of them. I’m Sarah, by the way.”
“Don’t you just love movies? I’m a movie nut myself.  What ones were you remembering?”
“Oh…’Butch Cassidy’, ‘Stagecoach’…
Michelle’s face came alive.  “’Stagecoach’… What a great one! One of John Wayne’s first roles.”
“And the director John Ford’s too.  He had been a silent film director and this was the first of a string of hits for him.”
The man next to Michelle decided to weigh in. “Yeah, Ford did ‘Young Mr. Lincoln’ after that…”
“With Henry Fonda,” added Sarah.
“Then there was ‘Drums Along the Mohawk’…” said Michelle.
“And ‘Grapes of Wrath’…” 
“…Again with Henry Fonda,” smiled Sarah.
The man turned to the women.  “Hi, I’m Tom.  Nice to meet more movie nuts.” They all smiled at one another.
“Okay,” said Michelle.  “What is your all-time favorite Western movie?”
“…Ever?”
“Yep…”
Everyone thought about that for a while.
“I enjoyed ‘High Noon’ with Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly,” said Tom.
“…One of the best…”
“… You know, ‘Open Range’ with Kevin Costner and Robert Duvall was pretty darned good. Although, I think it was filmed in Canada,” commented Michelle.
Sarah nodded. “Oh, that was a good one, you’re right.”
“What’s your favorite, Sarah?”
She smiled.  “My top favorite is ‘Big Country’ with…” 
“… Gregory Peck…” finished Michelle.  “Isn’t he incredibly handsome in that movie?”  They both sighed… Tom rolled his eyes.
A lady in front of Tom peeked around her seat.  “I really liked ‘Dances With Wolves’…”
The man across from Tom leaned over, “No, ‘Unforgiven’ with Clint Eastwood is one of the best Westerns.”
In front of Sarah, a woman raised up, “No, ‘The Horse Whisperer’ with Robert Redford is the best.” She sighed and added, “I’d watch Redford brush his teeth…” 
People listening in the middle of the plane laughed at that comment, and then everyone was putting in their two cents about what the best Western of all time could be.  Sarah and Michelle looked around them, smiled and shook their heads.
“What have we started here?”
“I don’t know, but I haven’t been this relaxed in years,” said Sarah.
“That just goes to show what a good movie can do for you.”
For the next hour, Western-movie fever apparently spread throughout the entire plane and people started moving about the cabin, discussing their favorites with someone else.  Sarah laughed that so many people had seen so many Westerns.  She marveled that her most pleasing pastime seemed to be a hit with others as well… Although two men up front decided it was necessary to argue over who was the better Western actor: John Wayne or Clint Eastwood.  There were clearly no winners.
Finally, the flight attendants shooed everyone to their seats, as the pilot announced that they would be landing at Reno-Tahoe International Airport soon.
“Make sure your seatbelts are buckled and tray tables are in their upright position.”  
Michelle and Tom both looked over at Sarah.
“Thanks.  This has been one of the most enjoyable flights I’ve ever taken,” said Michelle.
“Ditto,” smiled Tom.  “Whatever you’re doing in Nevada, I hope you have the best time of your life.”
Sarah blushed.  “Thanks, you two. I may never see you again, but I’ll never forget you either.”
And then the plane was landing in Nevada.

####

Getting off the plane, Sarah said her goodbyes to various people she’d enjoyed talking with.  Lots of passenger smiles, making the flight attendants happy too.  Sarah collected her bags from the revolving turnstile in Baggage Claim and thought about her next step. She’d spoken with the staff at the guest ranch who advised her to spend the first night in Reno – The trip to Wells would take almost five hours by car.  
That was good advice… Sarah was tired.  She got a shuttle to the Best Western Hotel at the airport, registered and straggled in to her room.  She collapsed on the bed and fell asleep. It had been a long day. 
Sarah woke up with a crick in her neck and read the room clock.  Dinnertime.  Was she hungry? She was hungry as a…. horse? Might be the appropriate expression to use in the West… sort of.  She rubbed her neck, trying to get the crick to go away or at least cooperate. If her neck wasn’t at a decent angle, eating would be difficult.   Glancing in the bathroom mirror, Sarah redid her French twist and then changed her blouse to a fancier one. She smoothed her long skirt…
The hostess in the hotel’s coffee shop sat her in a booth by a window, where she could look out on the street.  Flying in, she’d already marveled at the mountains all around the city, some with snow still on higher elevations.  She knew the city of Reno sat in a basin called the Truckee Meadows.  The Truckee River snaked its way through Reno coming south through the mountains up by Lake Tahoe.  Interesting city.  She wanted to spend more time here someday.
She’d just started on her soup course when she overheard the couple next to her arguing. Their voices grew louder until the hostess came over to ask them to lower their discussion.  Sarah glanced to a side booth and saw a handsome man with dark, wavy hair glancing at her.  His expression mirrored hers – what was going on with that couple?
Suddenly, the man slapped the woman.  Sarah blinked in complete surprise and froze.  The dark-haired man came across the room faster than she could blink twice.  He grabbed the man’s hand, stopping him from slapping the woman again.  By this time, the cops had been called and the restaurant was in turmoil.  The dark-haired man just backed away and watched the guy until the police showed up to take the couple somewhere else. His mere presence ensured that there would be no more violence… Wow…John Wayne couldn’t have done better.
Sarah sat back abruptly.  All the air whooshed out of her lungs.  Stunned, but excited, she looked around for her napkin. The hostess profusely thanked the dark-haired man for his help and said his dinner would be complimentary.  Clutching her napkin, Sarah watched him go back to his table, pick up his cowboy hat.  He put it on and pulled it low on his forehead… And what a handsome face… He looked over at her.  She blatantly stared as he gazed back for a full minute.  She held her breath as he took in her blonde hair piled on top of her head and her Eastern clothes.  His dark eyes searched her blue ones…for what?  He nodded, touched a finger to the brim of his hat and left.  She began breathing again. Was that a slight smile on his face? He looked so familiar… Oh, my…
Life in the Old West was apparently still exciting…



CHAPTER SEVEN

A driver from the guest ranch picked her up promptly at nine the next morning.  Sarah was excited to get on the road.  He announced to her, as he helped her in the van, that he had a few other people to pick up on the way, but not for thirty minutes or so. 
Driving along for a while, neither of them was a chatterbox.  Finally, he broke the ice.
“I’m Dan, by the way.”
“Sarah.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Likewise.”
“Where are you from?”
“… Baltimore?”
He whistled.  “Wow, you’ve come a long ways.”
“Yes, I’m pretty excited to be here.”
“What’s life like in Baltimore?” He slid his eyes over to her.  She’d insisted on sitting in the front with him.  He took in her slacks and hair in a bun.  Pretty girl. Out of her element…
“Well, where do I start? It’s a port city, right on the water.”
“What water?”
“…The Patapsco River, an arm of the Chesapeake Bay.”
“Good seafood?”
“The best…”
A pause as they both thought of what else to say.
“… What do you do at the ranch?”
“I’m the driver for guests.  Anyone needs to go anywhere, I’m their man.”
“Sounds like it doesn’t get boring…”
“No, ma’am.  What do you do in Baltimore?”
“I’m a computer consultant. I help new companies get up and running with their computer needs.” 
“That’s a mouthful.”
“You bet.”
“Looking forward to an Old West experience?”
She sighed. “Oh, very much…” 
He looked at her and caught her meaning.
“Trouble at your end?”  She blushed.  “Sorry, I don’t mean to get personal.”
Sarah blew out a breath and rubbed her eyes.  “That’s okay.  Yes, I’ve had some trouble.  That’s why I came out here.”
“… To escape for a bit?”
“Yes, sir.”
They both thought about that.
“Would you like a little friendly advice?”
“Actually, I would.  You know this area and I don’t.”
He gave her a hard look.  “Park your ego at the door.”
“… My ego?”
“Yep.  Don’t be afraid to try anything that comes your way.”
“Okay…”
“And I mean anything.  You’ll have plenty of choices in activities. Try them all.  You just don’t know what can help you.”
“You wouldn’t be a shrink, would you?”
They both laughed and he scratched his chin.
“No, ma’am, but I’ve seen others come out here and still act like they’re back home.”
“Do anything, huh?”
“Yes, ma’am… Riding, roping, branding, drives, whatever.”
“… Think that’ll cure what ails me?” She smiled.
“Nice turn of phrase and yes, I believe it will.”
He looked over at her again.  She looked at the hands in her lap.  Needs a bit of confidence, this one…
“…Um…”
“Listen, Sarah.  Open up that glove box there in the dash, would you?”
“Sure…” She opened it.  “What am I doing?”
“Fish around for a metal object and pick it up.”
Sarah groped around in the mess of paper, receipts, books, and what felt like something metallic.  
“This is metal.”
“Yup, that’s it.”
“What should I do with it?” She held it up for them both to see.
“It’s yours…”
“… Ah… You’re giving me a… horseshoe?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Whatever for?”
Dan smiled at her.  “For luck, of course.”
“For luck…”
“Yup.”
“Is it going to be that tough an experience at the guest ranch that you need to wish me luck?”
“I think…” he turned to look at her, “that you really need some luck in your life right now.”
“You think?” smiled Sarah.  She glanced at his sandy beard and twinkling eyes.
“Anytime you start to fret, you pick up that horseshoe… It’ll help.”
“… A horseshoe?”
“It’s a talisman for good luck.  Make sure you hold it with the ends pointing upward?”
“Upward?”
“Yup…”
“Who are you really?”
“Just a driver, ma’am,” he laughed.  “…Just a driver.”
“I sincerely doubt that.”
And then he pulled over to another hotel to pick up a few more people.  Their personal conversation came to an end, but she remembered to thank him once they arrived at the guest ranch. It would mean more to her than he could have imagined.

Sarah relaxed, watching the countryside go by her window as Dan drove along Highway 80 out of Reno.  She smiled.  It was almost like the big country in her Gregory Peck movie.  Mountains and hills in the distance with the highway pointing off into the far horizon… The sky, jam-packed with massive clouds covered most of her view.  She’d never seen a sky that big…
 The scenery was huge and expansive with few towns to see.  Dan announced after a few hours that he would stop for gas in Winnemucca, so they could stretch their legs and have some lunch. It was reminiscent of stopping to change the horses…  When she stepped out of the van, she looked around at the old Western town in front of her.  She felt much like Gregory Peck probably had as he stepped from the stagecoach – She too was from Baltimore and wearing strange Eastern clothes.  
Sarah looked down at her tailored slacks and Italian blouse, and swore she’d put on something more appropriate as soon as possible.  Dan had stopped at a nice café in the downtown area… Several townspeople gawked at her as she smoothed the pleats in her slacks – Or she thought they gawked at her…   Maybe she was overthinking the whole scene.  Too many Western movies…
Over lunch, Dan discussed what they’d see next on their journey. Sarah felt like she was crossing a new threshold in her life.  Her eyes shone and she couldn’t wait…
“There are only two more towns before we get to Wells: Battle Mountain and Elko,” said Dan.
“Strange name, Battle Mountain.  What’s that about?” asked a man who had been sitting behind Sarah in the van.
“Battle Mountain has a long, distinguished history,” said Dan. “First it was a waypoint west for pioneers on the Emigrant Trail, and then a railroad town to help with the mining activity.”
“What was mined here?” asked Sarah.
“Copper and gold.  Just gold now…”
“What’s with the name?”
Dan laughed. “No one really knows.  The town sits on the valley floor and there’s been no battle nearby.”  Everyone laughed at that.
He paused while they all ate more of their lunches.  He continued when Sarah looked over at him.
“And Elko?”
“Another strange name,” said the same man.
“That one is better explained,” began Dan. “Elko is a Shoshoni Indian word for ‘rocks piled on one another’.” He laughed.  “Look around. You’ll probably still see evidence of that name.”
“Was it also along some pioneer trail?” asked a woman who’d been sitting in the back of the van.
“Yes, ma’am.  It lies along the route of the California Trail, later becoming a railroad town.  It’s big on ranching, gold mining and rail freight.”
Sarah thought about that while munching her salad.  Something was nagging her, some partially remembered thought.  What was it?
“Dan,” began Sarah.  She wiped her mouth with her napkin.  “Isn’t there a story about Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid being here in Winnemucca?  Some bank robbery, maybe?”
Dan laughed.  “Right you are, Sarah.”  Everyone leaned in to hear this one.  “The Hole in the Wall Gang, including Butch and Sundance share one of the most exciting moments in Winnemucca history…  The Gang came here to rob the local bank.  The story goes that Butch put a knife to the bank president’s throat and ordered him to open the safe.”
“How much did they get?” asked the lady by Sarah.
“$2,000 in gold coin.”  Someone whistled.
“That was a lot of money back then.”
“A lot now…” someone added.
Dan continued.  “It’s a great story, but we’re not sure that it’s all true.”
“Why is that, Dan?” asked Sarah.
“The Pinkerton Detective Agency found a picture of the Gang in a photographer’s display window in Ft. Worth, Texas.  They sent it to the banker to see if he could identify who robbed him.  He wasn’t able to ID Butch Cassidy as one of the men who robbed him.”
Everyone leaned back and smiled.
“I love these Old West stories,” said the man next to Dan.  “They’re so colorful and interesting…”
“Anyway,” continued Dan, “that was good enough for the town and they’ve always claimed that Butch did indeed rob the bank here, back in 1900.”
“Great story,” smiled Sarah.  Dan winked at her.
After traveling through Battle Mountain and Elko, it was another hour to Wells and then a bit more out to the ranch.  Bouncing along the gravel road, Sarah knew her point of no return was when she saw the sign -- Walker Ranch.  It was on a huge metal gate, stretching across the road with a wagon wheel emblem.  She was a very long ways from Baltimore and her destination in the big country had come at last…



CHAPTER EIGHT

Traveling up that gravel road, Sarah continued to marvel at the landscape around her. The big sky was overcast now with dark clouds slowly pushing out the white ones.  Rain was coming… She rolled down her window to breathe in the air.  It actually smelled damp.
Cattle loitered on one side of the road, up a ways on a low hill.  Maybe forty head of brown mixed with black cows chewed and swallowed, as they looked around lazily and at one another.  A cowboy on a gray and white spotted horse trotted towards them to encourage movement.  After a while, they paid some attention to him and the lead cattle began to move up and over the hill. The rest began to follow… Sarah rested her chin on one hand and smiled in reverence at the pastoral sight.
The ranch house came into view.  It looked massive, especially since it was the only building around for miles. The house backed up against a low hill that probably looked lovely with snow on it. Sarah saw a decorative, wooden fence on the front perimeter.  As Dan drove closer, she could see that it was built of a light kind of wood – cedar maybe -- with a dark green roof.  Beautiful…
Dan pulled up the van to a front parking area, stopped and stepped out to unload baggage.  Sarah and her fellow travelers got out, stretched and began just looking all around them.  There was much to see…
She was gawking at the countryside and the ranch house when Dan came up behind and nudged her.
“Sorry, ma’am.  Did I bump into you?” he drawled.
“Yes, sir.  You did…” smiled Sarah.
“Let me take your bags in for you.”
“Thanks, Dan. I can do it…” He wouldn’t give up the bags.
“No, I’ve got it. Follow me.”
After registering inside, Dan showed her a few rooms.  The bar and sitting area had a huge stone fireplace and antler chandeliers.  She walked on wooden 
floors throughout that shined with new varnish.  The dining room had windows all along one wall with huge wooden tables and sideboards filled with drinks.  They were preparing for the evening meal, and Sarah could smell mouth-watering aromas.  Her stomach made hungry noises…
Dan finally showed her to her room.  It had a beautiful, double bed with a bay window that looked out to the surrounding mountains.  The décor was Western, of course, with horse paintings and a pine four-poster bed.  The night table on one side of her bed had a little lamp with a metal horse on it.  Dan put her bags down and Sarah tried to tip him.
“Oh, no.  Thank you, ma’am, but no.”
“Dan, you’ve been a wonderful driver and therapist,” she smiled at him.  “The least I can do for you is give you a nice tip.”
He smiled at her then.  “Would you like to know what you can do for me?”
“Yes, please…”
“…Just enjoy yourself.  Let go and find yourself here.  Many people do…”
Sarah gasped.  “Why would you think that I need to find myself?”
“No particular reason.  I’ll go now.  Freshen up and dinner’s in an hour.  Nice to meet you, miss.” He tipped his hat and left.
Sarah wasn’t too sure if she should have called him Yoda or Obi Wan Kenobi.  Crap… That’s ‘Star Wars’, isn’t it? Abby would be proud.  And speaking of Abby, she tried to send her a text.  Unfortunately, cell phone or Internet service wasn’t as good as it might be and her text just hung there – in Cyberspace, or wherever it went.  The same for her father… Then Sarah smiled.  They can’t reach me… Oh, boy and I can’t reach them… 
She exhaled a deep breath.  It was getting easier to do just that.  They can’t reach me… She thought it again.  It was a truly delicious feeling and one she let flow over her for a minute or two.  Then she dug jeans and a casual shirt out of one suitcase, put them on and went into the bathroom to freshen up.  Sarah took down her French twist and brushed her hair back into a ponytail.  Taking another quick look at her wonderful room, she left to see the rest of the ranch house.  Sarah was happy and feeling playful – Probably for the first time in years…

Talk about new… Absolutely everywhere she looked was a new experience.  The ranch house, the people, the food, the country…  She was so out of her element that she felt she might be on Mars.  But everyone was so nice and friendly. They were happy to see her and it showed. She found the owner of the ranch house and went up to him.
“Mr. Walker, thank you so much for accepting my reservation on such short notice.”
“Well, miss, we’re very pleased to have you.  Don’t worry about a thing.” Don’t worry about a thing? When was the last time anyone had said that to her…
“You’re really too kind…”
“No, no… Head on over to the community room…  We’re going to introduce ourselves to all you new guests in a few minutes.  Then we’ve got a great welcome dinner starting soon.”
Sarah wandered into the huge gathering room and spoke to some of the people she’d met in the van on the way here.  She missed Dan, but he apparently had other duties to perform tonight.  Mr. Walker came in and started welcoming the guests.
“Hi, everyone.  Thanks so much for coming out to visit us.  We promise to make your stay fun and comfortable. If you have any problems, please come to me personally and let me know how we can accommodate you.”  He looked around the room and continued.
“I wanted to introduce the staff to you tonight.  Most of us are here.  Laurie and Kate, stand up. They take care of our bookkeeping details.”  Small applause. 
“Then there’s Dale, our cook, and Cooper, our trail boss, for the cattle and horse drives.” More applause.
“You already met Dan, our driver,” Sarah looked for him, “but he’s off on another errand right now and not with us. But here are our cowboys.  Guys, please step up as I announce your names.”
Sarah looked around expectantly to see real live cowboys.
“Kyle…” A nice looking young man with a huge white cowboy hat stepped forward to smile at everyone.
“Aaron…” He joined Kyle and also wore a huge white cowboy hat.
“Dave and Nick…” Nice young men with smiles and light beards.
“Frank and Tyler…” Mustaches and big grins.
“Richie and Kenny…” Great Western shirts and chaps.
“And last, but not least, Matt…” Pause…  
She hadn’t seen him behind the other cowboys, but when he stepped forward, she recognized him immediately.  He was the dark-haired cowboy who tamed the wild situation at her hotel last night.  He worked here? Here? What were the odds?  She stepped back and dropped her face.  For some unidentifiable reason, she didn’t want him to recognize her.
People milled around and then dinner was announced. The guests mingled with the staff and everyone ate in the huge dining room laughing and talking.  Night was coming and it got dark fast in this part of the country. After the homey meal, Mr. Walker announced that some of the cowboys would be playing on the outside yard, and anyone who felt like dancing should come outside.  Sarah was shy and not sure what she felt like doing. She followed other guests outside to enjoy the night air, but didn’t plan on dancing.
“Sarah, want to dance?” Dan had sneaked up behind her.
“Where did you come from?” She laughed at him.
“Just wanted to make sure you were okay…”
“I’m good… so far.”
“Come on.  Let me show you the two-step.”
“…Um …No, thanks.” 
“Oh, come on… one dance won’t kill you…” he coaxed.
“…Well…”
He wouldn’t take stalling for an answer and dragged her out to the dance area.  The music was lively and everyone seemed so friendly.  Dan had her dancing in no time, and she started to forget everything but the dance steps.  He swung her around the dance floor and she was so graceful.  The cowboy with the black wavy hair noticed her… Isn’t that the woman from the restaurant last night?  What’s she doing here? Here? What were the odds?
Dan noticed that Matt noticed. Hmmm… What should be made of that?
When the music ended, Dan dropped Sarah off by Matt.  The band started playing a slow song about finding love when you least expect it.
“Whew, Sarah.  I’m bushed.  Let a younger man take over for me.”
Slightly winded and laughing, Sarah turned to Matt.  He blinked and dark eyes met pretty blue ones. Her face was flushed and she looked happy.
“…Oh…”
“…Ah…”
“Okay,” said Dan. “That’s settled.  See ya later…” And he was gone, leaving Matt and Sarah staring at one another.  Without speaking, he held out one hand to her.  She took it and hesitantly walked closer to him, putting her other hand on his shoulder.  Matt nervously smiled and put a tentative hand on her waist.  They were a respectable distance from one another, but it didn’t seem satisfying – to either of them.
They glided slowly to the country music, moving this way and that, trying to avoid bumping into other dancers.
“Didn’t I see you at the Best Western last night?” He spoke to the top of her head, since she didn’t look up.
“Yes, that was me…  I…I… saw you too.” She was obviously nervous and spoke to the front of his shirt.
“Your hair’s different.”
“…Um… Yes…”
“Weren’t you wearing a lacy blouse and long blue skirt?”
She looked up at him and blinked.  “You noticed my clothes?”
He cleared his throat and looked away. “Well… I’m pretty good with details.”  An answer that left her confused… But his deep voice was so nice.
“Wasn’t that man awful to his wife?”
“Yeah, he seemed nuts to me.”
She continued to study his hand, instead of his face, as they swayed to the music.
“That was brave of you to do what you did.”
“… Nah…”
“Not many would have gotten involved.”
“You don’t think so?”
She finally met his eyes. “I know so.  Not where I come from anyway… ”
He was so surprised that he stopped dancing… She bumped into him.  “Where do you come from? Some other planet?”
“Nearly,” she laughed. “Baltimore...”
He laughed. “Well, I was hoping you weren’t a Martian. And coming from the East coast explains the clothes.” She smiled. “What do you call your hairdo?”
“…a ponytail…”
He laughed again.  “No, I mean from yesterday.”
“Oh, that was a French twist…” Her lips suddenly went dry.
“It was pretty… but I like this better.” He pulled her ponytail around to her shoulder. Her eyes widened… He smiled at her.
The music stopped and he had to release her. And for some unfathomable reason, he didn’t want to.  Matt just stood there, looking at the pretty girl still in his arms.  I want to dance with her again… She stood there looking at him… I hope he doesn’t leave… Another cowboy came up then and tapped him on the shoulder.  Matt thanked her for the dance, tipped his cowboy hat and left the dance area.
Sarah began dancing with Kyle, but watched Matt leave.  Long after he had left, she stole glances towards the door to see if he’d come back.  Dale, the cook, watched the whole scene and thought he might say hi to Sarah tomorrow during the activities.  Matt hadn’t danced with a guest, or shown any interest in any woman, in the two years he’d been with the guest ranch.  He wanted to know why she was special… Matt obviously thought so, which made Dale very curious.



CHAPTER NINE

The next day after breakfast, Mr. Walker had all the activities posted in the community room for guests to see.  Sarah was reading over the list when another woman joined her, looking over her shoulder.
“’Horseback riding lesson -- Meet at the corral’.  That sounds good to me, what do you think?”
Sarah looked back and smiled. “Yep. It does.”
She turned around as the woman stuck out her hand.  She had shoulder length auburn hair and a big smile.
“Tess.”
“Sarah.” They shook hands.  “Want to walk over now, Tess?”
“… I’m game if you are.”
They walked out of the ranch house with other guests going here and there.  It seemed like a busy morning.
“Where are you from?”
“Phoenix, Arizona. How about you, Sarah?”
“Baltimore, Maryland.”
 “Wow… You get the prize for coming the longest distance.  Trying to escape, were you?”
Tess’s smile faded as she watched Sarah’s face fall.  She reached out to touch her arm.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean…”
Sarah shook her head. “… It’s okay.  This is just all so new to me.  I haven’t processed anything yet.”
“…Well, we have all day to goof around and find our footing.  Ready?”
Sarah laughed at her attempts to jolly her. “You bet…”
They had reached the corral and a few of the cowboys were there to help with instruction.  Sarah didn’t consciously mean to, but she looked around for Matt – He wasn’t there.  Richie and Tyler were, however, and eagerly walked over to see if they could be of some help to two lovely ladies.
“Mornin’,” said Richie tipping his hat at them.  Tyler did likewise.
“Good morning,” said Tess.  “We’re ready for our riding lesson, aren’t we, Sarah?” She winked at Sarah like she was on to something…
Sarah smiled and nodded.  
“Sarah and….” 
“… Tess.”
“Nice to meet you. We’re Richie and Tyler.  Tyler’s too shy to speak with women, so I do all the talking.” 
Tyler blushed. “Oh, ha, Richie…” They laughed at Richie’s joke.
“Have either of you ridden before?”
“Not much…” They both replied.
“Okay, we’ll start you off easy.” He turned to Tyler. “Can you go get the horses?”  Tyler nodded and left for the barn.
Richie turned back to Sarah and Tess.  “If you’ll excuse me a minute, I probably need to help him. We’ll be right back.”
Tess immediately turned to Sarah.  Looking from side to side, she whispered conspiratorially, “Okay, which one do you like? Personally, I like the quiet, blonde Tyler with the neat mustache, but I’ll take the talkative Richie with the sexy brown eyes, if you insist.”
Smiling, Sarah said, “Take your pick.  I’m not choosy.”
“Okay, then I get Tyler.”
“He’s all yours, Tess.”
“Good luck with Richie. I bet he never shuts up…” Which made Sarah double up with laughter.  Tess glanced toward the barn.  “Shhh,” she said.  “They’re coming back…”
Sarah was now trying not to smile when the cowboys had returned with two saddled horses.  Richie smiled back, thinking she was happy to see him.
He brought a Palomino out to Sarah, all saddled and ready to go.  Tyler brought a bay with white feet out to Tess. Richie began the instruction.
“All right, ladies, take the reins in your left hand and the back of the saddle with your right.”  The cowboys watched as Sarah and Tess did as instructed.
“Place your left foot in the stirrup, pull yourself up and swing your leg over the horse’s hindquarters.”  When they’d mounted their horses, Tyler took over instruction.
“Drop your right foot in the stirrup.” Richie helped Sarah put her leg in the stirrup, while Tyler helped Tess.  
“Now,” said Richie, “pull up the reins.  They’re your steering wheel of the horse. To turn him left, pull the reins lightly to the left… Same with the right…  Okay, so far?”
“Sit up tall, ladies, so you don’t feel like you’re falling one way or the other,” added Tyler.
“Now squeeze at the heels and communicate with the horse to walk forward,” said Richie.
Sarah and Tess were walking their horses now.  After they looked comfortable with walking, Richie gave them new instruction.
“Okay, now squeeze again with both heels to get the horse to trot.”  They tried that for a while and trotted around the corral several times.
“Eyes and chins up, ladies…Posture’s important,” smiled Richie.  Up went their chins and eyes.  Sarah glanced over at Tess, who looked like she’d been born to ride.
“Press your outside heel only now and let’s kick the trot up a notch.” Tyler looked over at Richie and gave him a thumbs-up when both girls opened their horses to a fair gallop. They went around several times and started to enjoy themselves.
“Great, ladies.  Are you up for a ride out in the open country now?”
Sarah spoke up. “Could I get a few things before we head out?”
“Absolutely,” said Richie. “Go get a bottle of water and whatever else. You can put things in the saddlebags.”  He caught Sarah’s horse and held it while she dismounted.  Tyler helped Tess dismount.  They hurried out of the corral towards the ranch house.
“Can you get the water, Tess?  I’ll be right back,” said Sarah breathlessly.  She was in a hurry – This was fun and when was the last time she’d had some fun…  Matt watched her run into the ranch house.  He was by the barn saddling a horse for another guest.  Taking his time, he curiously watched her dash back out in just a few minutes, almost bumping into the other gal getting a lesson with her.
What in the world was she showing her?  From his vantage point, Matt thought it looked like a horseshoe.  Why on God’s green earth would she have a horseshoe?  Dan… He immediately thought of their driver… Dan gave out horseshoes on very rare occasions when he really liked a guest, usually female. 
 Sarah smiled at Tess while talking and turning the horseshoe with its ends up.  Dan had probably told her that it would bring her good luck.  Matt smiled… She must be a sweetie for Dan to be so attentive.  It was, indeed, a good sign. He decided to check with Richie when they came back for his take on Sarah…
Then he shook his head… What for?  It’s not like he was interested in her or anything.  Matt turned back to the guest he was helping and thought no more about it.

The cowboys and their guests had been riding out in the beautiful countryside for more than an hour.  They weren’t that far from the ranch house property and everyone was doing fine.  The valley they were in gave rise to sloping hills and mountains beyond.  After recent rains, the cattle they passed were happily munching the sweet grass.  Sarah looked over in a direction Richie pointed to see wildflowers blooming far across the land.  They soon were riding in huge patches of yellow and white flowers.  She’d never seen anything like it…
She shielded her eyes to look up in the blazing sky as a hawk flew overhead silently stalking some prey.  She’d read about sage grouse and was eager to see that beautiful bird somewhere around the sagebrush.  Sarah thought she might ask Richie about it later.
In the midst of the meadow, Tyler pointed out a stream where they could stop and rest their horses – Let them drink… Richie dismounted and helped Sarah down, while Tyler helped Tess.
“You ladies ought to sign up for the horse drive coming up,” said Richie.
He plopped down by the stream to get a sip.
Sarah got her bottle of water out of her saddlebag, touching the horseshoe as she did so.  “What exactly is a horse drive?” Tess sat down by Richie to hear this as well.
“Well, we drive a herd through open range to their seasonal pastures.  It’s fun…” Richie smiled at them.
“How many days is it?” asked Tess taking a sip of her water.
“… Three days and nights,” added Tyler.  “So if you’re here for a week, there’s two days up front and two days when we get back.  Works out well.”  He nodded at them.
Tess looked at Sarah. “What do you think?”
“I’m game if you are,” laughed Sarah.  “Didn’t we come out here for a Western experience?”
“A horse or cattle drive is about as Western as you can get,” said Richie.
“You’ll love it…”
They sat and chatted companionably for a while and then Richie looked up in the sky.
“It’s getting close to lunch. We should head back.  Dale will be upset with us if you miss lunch.” Richie got on his feet and helped Sarah up, while Tyler helped Tess.
“…Dale?” asked Tess.
“He’s our cook and a damn good one.”
“What sorts of things does he make?” asked Sarah.
“Nope,” said Richie helping her mount her horse. “Let it be a surprise.”
Sarah raised an eyebrow.
Tyler continued, “He’s really great and all the way out here from the big city…”
“Okay, I’m starved,” said Tess.  “Let’s go get some chow.”
“There you go,” said Richie. “Now you’re talkin’ Western…”
They rode back to the ranch house, back to the big corral.  After dismounting, Tyler and Richie tipped their hats at Sarah and Tess, who smiled back, and took the horses into the barn. It had been a terrific morning.
But where’s the chow line?  They were starving and ready to see what feast Dale was serving up for lunch.


CHAPTER TEN

After freshening up, Sarah and Tess trooped into the big dining hall with windblown cheeks, rosy from the exercise.  Their faces shone and their sunny smiles spoke volumes of how much they had enjoyed their morning.  They got into a line heading up to the buffet.  People were chatting about their activities.  Sarah almost salivated with the aromas drifting her way.
Dale was in the back of the room and saw them come in.  He was curious to find out more about Sarah, in particular, after her dance with Matt last night.  He started slowly working his way toward her.  Matt was nowhere in sight… Good.  Then he was close enough to talk to her.
“Good day, ladies.  Have a good morning?” Dale’s smile beamed.
“… You bet,” smiled Tess. “We had a riding lesson.”
He looked at Sarah. “Did you enjoy it, miss?”
“Sarah… Please call me Sarah.”
“Did you have fun, Sarah?”
“It was terrific.  I haven’t ridden much before, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. I want to ride every day that I’m here.”
Dale smiled.  Enthusiasm.  He liked that…
“Good for you.  Oh, and by the way, try my Humdinger Casserole.  Let me know what you think of it…” And he passed by them to speak with another guest.
“Wow,” said Tess. “Everyone is so friendly here.”
“I know… It’s wonderful. I can get used to this…”
Then they were at the front of the line, got their plates and began loading them up.
“I’m going to gain weight on this trip, Sarah.”
“…Ditto… Now where’s that casserole the cook mentioned?” Sarah found it and spooned some on her plate.  A cowboy behind her said to break up a cheese slice and mush it down in the mixture.  Sarah took a slice of cheese to do just that.
Sarah and Tess sat at one of the large tables with other guests.  Everyone talked and laughed, while eating lunch.  It seemed a happy group. Dale watched from the back to make sure all was well and to get another look at Sarah.  She looked over and waved at him.  He walked up to her table.
“This casserole is great, Dale. I just wanted to let you know.” Dale beamed again.
“Thank you, Sarah. Do you like to cook?”
She blinked, looking in the face of this curly-haired man.  No one had ever asked her that before. 
“I do,” she said finally.  “But I don’t get much chance.”
“Busy job?”
“… Busy life…”
“Sounds too busy.” Sarah nodded at that comment.
“You’re right there.”
 He had an idea.  “Well, if you have a mind to learn some cowboy cookin’, stop by the kitchen any time.”
She smiled. “Thanks, I just might do that.”
“If you sign up for the horse drive, I might put you to work.  What do you think?”
Tess was thinking that Sarah was nuts about now, as she happily ate her lunch.  The last thing she wanted to do on this trip was work.  But… she didn’t know Sarah all that well.  Different strokes for different folks…
“Okay, Dale. You’ve got yourself a deal. I am signing up for the drive and I’m sure I can spare some time to learn a recipe or two.” She looked at him and smiled.  “Thank you for asking me.”
Dale smiled back.  “My pleasure, ma’am.”  And he left her table thinking that if Matt didn’t snap her up, he’d find someone else for her.  She was terrific… Any idiot could see that.  Pretty blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes…
He helped a bit more with getting food out to the buffet table and saw Matt come in with Richie.  This should be interesting… Dale watched as Richie spied Sarah and Tess -- He walked over to say hi.  What would Matt do? Matt stayed put in the food line and tried not to look over at Richie speaking with Sarah.  Interesting… He tried to keep his eyes forward, but couldn’t help himself when he heard her laugh.  She had a nice laugh… Then Matt full on gazed at her…
And meanwhile, Sarah might have been speaking to Richie, but she was glancing at Matt across the room.  She finally looked up at Richie as he said good-bye, but her eyes immediately went back to Matt.  He broke off his stare to look down at the plate he’d picked up.
“Who in the world is that?” said Tess, having just seen Matt.
Sarah looked in her plate now. “He’s one of the cowboys who works here.”
“My God… Doesn’t he look a lot like Gregory Peck from that Western movie… oh, what’s it called?”
Sarah turned to her as her mouth dropped open. “Do you think so?”
“Oh, my, yes.  Look at all that black, wavy hair… Dark eyes… muscles…Trim build…” She sighed. “Altogether yummy…”
Sarah blushed for some reason.  “It’s ‘Big Country’.”
“… What is?”
“The movie title you’re thinking of… “Big Country’.”
Tess flashed a smile at her. “Yes, that’s right.  Oh, that’s a good one.”
Sarah just smiled.  You’ve no idea…

Across the room, Matt and Richie were filling their plates.  The smells were making Richie’s stomach growl.  They searched to find seats just as Sarah and Tess rose with their empty plates.  
“Ladies, can we have these seats?” said Richie pleasantly.
“Sure. They’re yours,” replied Tess who was openly admiring Matt.
Richie nodded at Tess and then glanced at Sarah who was scraping some spot on the table -- Matt was looking out a window. He knit his brows and wondered what was happening here.

“Thanks,” he said and sat down.  Matt sat across from him as Tess and Sarah walked towards the door.  Richie watched Matt steal a furtive look her way. They placed their hats under their chairs.
Once they began eating, he started in.
“… Okay, what was that?”
“What was what?” 
“You know what I’m talking about…” Richie took a big bite of his casserole.
“I haven’t got a clue,” replied Matt getting pissed now. “Let me eat in peace.” He began eating his salad.
“First, you stare at her across a crowded room and then you won’t even say hi when we get close.  What gives?” He took another forkful of casserole.
Matt chewed and swallowed. “Nothing gives…”
“I’ve known you a lot of years, Matt, something gives… with that girl.”
“I’m not interested in any girl, Richie. Cut it out.”
Richie had seen Matt in various states of sad, mad and glad, but he’d never seen him not interested in women. He looked at him as his mouth dropped.
“Are you going to sit there and tell me you’re not interested in Sarah?”
“Yes…”
“Why not for Heaven’s sake?”
“… Aren’t you interested in her?” Matt looked over at him as Richie started to smile.
“I’ve been with her all morning.  Trust me when I tell you, I might have been interested in her, but she sure as shootin’ is not interested in me. Not even a little bit…”
“Okay, then. This conversation is over.”
“… Not even… You like her, Matt.  Admit it… I saw you dancing with her last night.”
Matt looked sharply at him. “So? I’ve danced with women before.”
Richie started laughing.  “Not from ninety miles away.  I thought she might have cooties until I saw you caress her ponytail and smile at her.”
“Caress? That’s a fancy word… And you’re way off the mark.” Matt lowered his head and ate faster.
“Well, you know what ‘caress’ means, right? To lovingly embrace.”
“Am I going to get a vocabulary lesson with my lunch?” growled Matt. Then he looked away and mumbled, “Besides, she’s only here for a week and that’s not enough time to...”
“To what? Fall for someone?” He laughed. “It’s plenty of time…”
“Richie, it just complicates things… She’s going back to Baltimore…”
“… Maybe…”
“There’s no maybe here…”
“What if there was?” Richie let that thought dangle out there.
Matt frowned. “…Um…”
Richie laughed and ate another big mouthful.  After he swallowed, he chuckled.  “You can fight it all you want, but she’s under your skin already… Isn’t she?”
“…Ah…”
“And… I think she likes you too. When we came in and I was talking to her, she was looking past me. She was looking at you, wasn’t she?”
Richie’s smiled widened and Matt was ready to leave.
“Richie, knock it off or I’m going to get the hell out of here.”
“Are you fighting this because of what happened in your past?”
“That could be a damn fine reason, don’t you agree?”
“… No, I don’t.  Just because Betsy burned you, it doesn’t mean someone else will.  She was just the wrong girl for you…”
Matt looked up at him astonished. “I thought we’d agreed not to say that name out loud.”
“You’ve got to get past this, man…” Matt gave him a look.  “Okay, okay, I’m shutting up.  But you’re making a mistake if you let Sarah go by without even trying.  She’s seems really nice.”
Matt sighed. “I know.  That’s what I’m afraid of…”

####

After lunch, Sarah and Tess headed down to the gun range on the side of the property to learn gun safety.  Sarah figured she might as well learn how to handle a pistol or rifle while she was in the West.  Why not?
Cowboys, Frank and Aaron, were instructing this time.  Targets had been set up some thirty yards away.  They were starting off with rifles – How to hold them, how to load and use the sights.  It was more complicated than Sarah thought, but that was all right.  She was there to learn and she took it seriously.  She couldn’t even imagine what her father would think of her out on a shooting range.  She glanced at Tess sizing up yet another cowboy and grinned.
There were ten guests who had signed up for a lesson and Frank had them all spaced out.  He and Aaron went down the line working individually with each guest on holding the rifle, the proper stance and how to fire.  It was interesting stuff and when they were allowed to shoot, Sarah started hitting the target pretty regularly.  They would each fire ten rounds and then the cowboys would come along to give each some advice.  Frank was becoming impressed with Sarah’s shooting.  She seemed to have natural ability and wasn’t afraid to try anything.  They changed to different targets and she could hit those too.  Many women guests didn’t even sign up for gun safety and here was a woman who could be Annie Oakley with a little practice.  Well, maybe not Annie Oakley, but close.
Matt had ridden by with a couple of guests, showing them the range as he was giving a riding lesson.  He set his Appaloosa as comfortably as if it were the easy chair in his living room.  The horse was a natural extension.
He and his guests were a ways back, so as not to spook the horses.  But he could see Sarah just fine from where they stood.  At first, he wasn’t sure who it was – Then she turned to lift her protective earmuffs to speak to Frank and he recognized her.  He couldn’t believe it as she started firing.  She hit the target consistently again and again around the center for all ten shots that he watched.  He was stunned… She was an unbelievably good shot…  Maybe she had practiced in Baltimore… 
He thought again – That seemed unlikely. Dan had mentioned to him, although he hadn’t asked, that she was a computer consultant, whatever that meant.  It probably didn’t have much to do with shooting a gun, however.  Matt grudgingly rode away with his guest, but continued thinking about Sarah.  He was thinking of her far too much, for his liking.
Sarah and Tess congratulated themselves on the way back to the ranch house for the good scores they posted on the gun range.  Tess wasn’t half bad either.  She kidded Sarah about starting a new profession – gunslinger…
It was a few hours before dinner.  Tess wanted to go find Tyler, and Sarah wanted to ride alone for a while. She went back to the barn to see if she could get a horse.  She bumped into the trail boss, looking over the horses and checking how many there were.
“Hello…”
“Hi. I hope I’m not bothering you.”
“… Not even close.  Just checking the horses for the drive, day after tomorrow. You a guest here?”
“…Sarah…” She extended her hand, which he shook.
“Cooper…”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Same here.”
“Did you sign up for the horse drive?”
“… I did.”
“Good. I think you’ll enjoy it.” She tilted her head at him.
“What exactly is a horse drive, Mr. Cooper?” He laughed.
“... No, just Cooper.”
“Sorry.”
“… Anyway, we drive a herd of fifty or so horses from one seasonal pasture to another.”
“What does that mean?” Sarah knit her brows.
“We’ll move the herd from a pasture west of here to one farther north.  There’s better grass for grazing up near the Jarbidge Wilderness and so we’ll put them up there for a few months.  It’ll take two days to drive them up and get them settled, but only a day to return.  It’s quicker without the herd.” He winked at her and she smiled.
“And you don’t mind taking us city slickers along with you?”
“Absolutely not.  You’re quite welcome.” He looked at her. She was stroking a horse’s flank and seemed easy around horses. She noticed that he was looking at her and raised an eyebrow.
“…um…”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to stare. You just look so much like my daughter. How old are you? Twenty-four? Twenty-five?”
“Wow…asking a woman her age. You’re pretty brave and yes, I’m twenty-five.”
“Okay, sorry again… Why did you come in the barn? Do you need a horse saddled?”
“I do indeed. I wanted to get in a quick ride before dinner.”
He began saddling a horse for her.
“How’s your day been?”
“Great.” Sarah’s eyes lit up.  She was pretty. “I had a riding lesson this morning and a shooting lesson after lunch.”
“Wow… You’re taking in the Old West for all its worth, aren’t you?”
She smiled. “I plan to fill every minute with learning something new. It’s all been extraordinary so far.”
“Really? Well, good for you. I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself.” He walked the horse up to her.  “You’ve had just one lesson.  Are you all right on your own?”
“I don’t plan to lose sight of the ranch house.  I just want to practice some more.”
“All right.  I’ll watch you for a while and then I’ve got to get busy.”
“Don’t worry about me.”
Cooper held the horse for her to mount.  “Now this is Thunder.”  Her eyes widened hearing the horse’s name.  Cooper laughed.  “Don’t worry. The only thing tough about this horse is his name.  He’s a real sweetie.”
Sarah let out a breath.  “Thanks, Cooper.” And she took off walking her horse until she went past the corrals. Then she let him go and Thunder galloped up towards the hills.  Cooper watched for a bit and decided she’d do just fine on the horse drive. She was definitely comfortable in the saddle.
She galloped out past the ranch house up into the low hills.  Sarah had purchased a cowboy hat – And with jeans and a Western shirt, she fit right into the landscape.  The wind picked up the hat and blew it off her head, so it hung down her back.  Sarah smiled… Just a cowgirl out for a ride…  It was a delicious thought. 
She rode through the hills and onto the back part of the property where Richie had taken them this morning.  Seeing the wildflower meadow and stream, she headed right for that area.  Sarah breathed in the moist air from the cold stream, stopped Thunder and dismounted.  She let him drink while she looked around at the gorgeous meadow. Sitting down in the yellow, blue and white wildflowers, she picked a few and then lay back to look at that big, blue sky. She laid her cowboy hat on the ground beside her.  The flowers were soft on her back as was the ground by the stream.
Lying there, she watched the puffy clouds roll lazily by.  She had never seen a sky that immense… It seemed to go on and on and on… Thinking about the difference of life here in Nevada with the hustle and bustle of life in Baltimore… There was just no comparison.  It was ‘Big Country’ come to life and 
she loved it.  Sure, there were a few problems – communication being one and distance between towns being another.  Somehow, that didn’t faze her.  She got up and took a bottle of water out of her saddlebag, thought again and got out the horseshoe too.  Sarah took a swig of her water and lay down again in the wildflowers looking at her horseshoe.  Life doesn’t get any better, does it?
Thunder was happily munching some grass.  Sarah picked up her cowboy hat and put it over her face.  She’d decided to snooze out here in the meadow, nestled in the wildflowers.  Listening to a few birds. The gurgling stream…  Eyes that drooped lower and lower until she was asleep.
In a little while, around the hill came Matt riding with another guest.  He saw a rider down in the meadow and told the guest to head back to the barn.  He needed to check on something.  Concerned, Matt rode up to the stream, checked the horse and looked at the downed rider, expecting some kind of trouble. Instead, he saw a girl lying in the flowers with her cowboy hat over her face, arms comfortably at her sides.  He started to smile as he heard soft, snoring sounds.  When he glanced at the horseshoe on the ground beside her, he knew who it was.
He debated what to do – Matt could ride his horse quietly away and let her sleep, which he was very tempted to do.  He’d made kind of a half vow or something to stay away from her.  And he really didn’t want to bother her…  But it wasn’t long until dinner, and Mr. Walker probably didn’t want a guest out here by herself.  So he dismounted, let his horse get a drink and sat down to wait until she woke up.  He was impressed she could fall asleep out here in the open so easily.  She was obviously comfortable in her new surroundings.  An unexpected pleasure…
As he watched and listened, she made funny little noises in her sleep – bubbles and pops. A purring sound… It was hard not to laugh.  Suddenly, she reached under her hat to scratch her nose, and the hat fell off her face.  Matt held his breath, thinking she’d wake up.  He didn’t want to scare her, but he didn’t want to leave either.  He glanced at her pretty face, so calm in sleep, smiled at her light snoring and wished he could remember the color of her eyes.  Blue? Gray? With the blonde hair in a spray around her head, it resembled a halo.  Her pale blue Western shirt fit her well and her jeans hugged in the right places.  It wasn’t an altogether unpleasant job, just sitting and gazing at her.  She’d picked up cowboy boots too.  The city gal he’d seen at the hotel was gone and a country gal had taken her place.  It set well with him…
Finally, an eye opened --- Blue, they were deep blue… He’d thought so.  Another eye opened and she looked up at the sky.  She must have seen him sitting there, but didn’t comment at first.
“Pretty, isn’t it?” she said at last.  Matt thought her voice, just roused from sleep, was as nice as the rest of her.
“Very…”
“How long have you been sitting there?” Her eyes slid over to focus on his smiling ones.
“Long enough…”
“How long is that?” she insisted.
“… You make cute little noises in your sleep, you know.”
She scrunched her eyebrows.  “No, I didn’t know.”
“Your boyfriend’s never told you?” He was still smiling at her.
“Whether or not I have a boyfriend is no concern of yours.” She sat up and grabbed her hat.
Matt laughed. “Well, there’s no need to get upset.  I was just…”
“… Just what? Spying on me?”
“No, ma’am. I thought you might be in some trouble, so I rode over.”
“And seeing that I was in no immediate danger…”
“Sorry,” he shrugged his shoulders.  “Then I couldn’t resist watching you sleep.  You’re kinda cute when you snore...”
Sarah huffed at him, got to her feet and snatched up her horseshoe.
“…You…”
“And what’s with the horseshoe? Dan give it to you? Is it bringing you luck?” He was laughing at her again.
“Obviously not, since you’re here bothering me.”
“… Am I bothering you, really?”
Sarah turned to look at him.  She folded her arms across her chest and tried her best to look cross.  “You’ve tried to ignore me ever since I got here, and now you make a pest of yourself.”
“I’m a pest?”
“And do you have to answer everything I say with a question? It’s annoying.”
“Is it really?”  He couldn’t help himself and started laughing.  He doubled up at her angry face – She looked darling.  When he calmed down, he said, “You just can’t help it, can you?”
“What?”
“… Never mind.  You’re mad at me enough already.  Let’s head back to the house.  Can you get on your horse?”
She gave him another stern look.  “Why wouldn’t I be able to get on my own horse?”
He held out his hands in front of him.  “Just being polite…”
“Well, knock it off…” She put on her cowboy hat, stuffed the horseshoe back in the saddlebag.
Matt watched Sarah gracefully mount her horse, pull the reins and gallop off.  Richie said she’d had her first lesson this morning, but he couldn’t tell.  He could have sworn she ridden her whole life.  Matt smiled watching her ride away.  He mounted his horse and rode after her.  Maybe this week wouldn’t be so bad after all -- She was beginning to chip away at him.
Could he really stay away from her?  It was beginning to look like the answer to that question was no.  But she was probably still mad at him.  Well, let her sulk… Maybe Richie was right -- This might be fun after all…



CHAPTER ELEVEN

Sarah woke up with sunlight streaming in through her window.  The warmth gave her skin a rosy glow.  She yawned, stretched and curled back under the covers.  Not having to get up for work was nothing short of Heavenly…
Slowly, very slowly, an eye reopened and glanced at the clock hanging on the wall.  Eight o’clock? It’s eight o’clock?  She’d never slept that late in her life.  First there was school, then college, her first job, Grandfather’s endless campaign breakfasts, and lastly her job with Joe the Tyrant.  Sleeping in late had never been on the menu in Sarah’s life.  But it was now…
Boy, did this feel good...
She finally roused herself to get into the shower.  She had to share shower facilities with a few women on her side of the building, but that was all right… Just another part of the experience…  She laughed to see a sleepy Tess walking towards her in pajamas with a towel and a bar of soap.  Sarah laughed just seeing Tess’s auburn hair sticking up every which way.
“Nice hair.  Have it done recently?”
“Oh, ha.  Yours doesn’t look spectacular this a.m. either.”
“… What a grouch.  Up for a ride after breakfast?”
“Yeah, but let’s make it a small breakfast. I ate so much dinner that I’m not that hungry.”
Sarah laughed. “I hear you.  A few months here and my jeans would never fit.”
Both women showered, got dressed, fastened ponytails, and were ready to eat.  After a quick breakfast and telling Dale she’d help him at lunch, Sarah and Tess hurried out to the barn.  Walking out, Sarah showed Tess her list.
“Look, Mr. Walker gave me a list of animals that it might be possible to see around here.” 
“Cool.  Let me see – Hummingbirds, owls, hawks… Neat.  Let’s go….”
They headed into the barn to get two horses and bumped into Richie and Matt just coming out.  Richie’s smile was big and kept spreading.
“Mornin’, ladies.” He tipped his hat at them, as did Matt.
“Mornin’,” said Matt.
“Good morning,” said Tess raising one eyebrow.  “How are you two this fine morning?”
“Morning,” said Sarah looking at Richie. Her good mood had dissipated.
Richie glanced at Matt.  What’s up?
“Very well, thanks.  We’re about to go sort cattle.  A cowboy’s work is never done,” he sighed.
“Would you like to see how sorting is done?” added Matt looking from Tess to Sarah.  His gaze lingered on Sarah.
“… That sounds interesting…” began Tess.
“… But we already have plans.  Thanks all the same,” finished Sarah heading into the barn.
Richie and Tess both shrugged their shoulders, while Matt called after her, “Doing what?”
“… We’re going for a ride,” yelled Sarah from inside the barn.
“Want some company?” he yelled back.  Richie blinked his eyes in surprise.
“That would be great,” said Tess.  “We’d love some.” She’d decided that Tyler really was too shy to talk to women, so talkative Richie might do after all.  She smiled at him and he smiled back.
“Well, let’s get the horses saddled.” 
Richie and Matt headed into the barn with Tess following.  Sarah stood in the center frowning with hands on her hips.  
“I thought you were needed for the sorting, whatever that is.”
“We can do it later,” said Matt cheerfully as he got a saddle down for her.
Sarah didn’t want the men to come along, especially Matt.  She’d liked him at first until he embarrassed her when he caught her sleeping in the meadow.  And then his nosy comment about a boyfriend really set her off.  She didn’t want him along, but she’d been brought up to be polite.
“We want to look for various animals on this list Mr. Walker gave me.” She tried again.  “I’m sure this will not be interesting to you guys.”
“Let’s see that list.” Matt walked over and read the list in her hand.  He stood too close – Was that his aftershave? Wow…  She handed him the list and moved away.  Matt noticed.  
So did Richie. 
So did Tess…
Everyone’s senses were on high alert.  It was obvious that nice Sarah was pissed off… And at Matt ... This could, indeed, be interesting.  Richie wasn’t going to miss this for the world.  Tess either…
“Right… Well, let’s get those horses saddled.” Richie decided to move things along, so they didn’t fall apart here in the barn.  Sarah didn’t look happy and Richie, nosy guy that he was, wanted to learn the reason.  And fun-loving Tess had her own reasons for wanting the guys to come along. 
“Riding into those low hills, we should probably see a couple of those animals on your list,” offered Matt.  He took off his hat to run a hand through his wavy hair.  Then he readjusted the hat back on his head.
“That so?” Tess grinned at him.  She glanced at Sarah who’d set her lips in a thin line.  Apparently, her mouth was too tight to talk and she almost laughed at her.   Then Tess thought of something…  “Any sage grouse around here?”
Sarah perked up.  She really wanted to see a beautiful sage grouse, more than anything, which Tess knew.  She’d read up about them and they were interesting birds found primarily in the West.
“Sage grouse?” 
Matt picked up on her interest.  “They feed on sagebrush which we have a lot of on several parts of the property.” He waited for her response.
“Really?” 
“I think I have binoculars in my saddlebag as well.”
That seemed to settle things.  Matt saddled her horse, and gave her the reins.
“Tess,” she said happily.  “I’ve got Thunder again.  He’s the nicest horse.”
Richie, as well as Matt, was breathing a small sigh of relief.  Tess almost laughed at their reactions.
“Good.  Who have I got, Richie?”
“That’s Strawberry. He’s a good boy too.”
They rode along together in comfortable silence for a spell.  Richie glanced at Matt who nodded, so Richie walked his horse a little faster to catch up with Tess. Matt slowed his horse to ride with Sarah -- Then they were riding in pairs.  Richie began explaining what sorting cattle meant to a beaming Tess.  She was all ears… Sarah looked out into the hills as she and Matt rode along together.
“Are you going to forgive me? Ever?”
Pause…
“Do you really care if I do or not?”
“… Yes.”
“Why?”
“Can I tell you later?”
“Okay…”
Her eyes slid over to meet his questioning ones.
“You’re doing it again.”
“What?”
“Answering my question with another question.  What gives with you anyway?”
Matt laughed. He wasn’t too sure how to respond.
“I’m not sure how to answer that without asking another question.”
“You need to give out more information then.”
“What would you like to know, Sarah?”
“Were you really just concerned when you saw me in the meadow?”
“… Absolutely.  I wasn’t stalking you.”
“Your attitude or something has changed since I first saw you at the hotel.”
“How so?”
“… You seemed curious about me then.”
“Maybe that’s because you’re interesting…” Matt looked over at her but she didn’t meet his eyes.
“When we danced, you were nice.  But the next day, you wouldn’t speak to me.  You seem full of contradictions.”
He smiled.  “Observant…  I am, but so are you.”
“My turn,” she smiled.  “… How so?”
“You arrive an Easterner and in two days become a Westerner.  I might throw the ‘What gives’ question back at you.”
Another pause…
“I think we’d need a much longer ride for that conversation.”
“It’s a few hours until lunch.  We have the time…”
“Can I tell you later?”
“Sure.” He reached over his hand. “Friends?”
She laughed while reaching to shake his.  “Yes…”
His eyes held hers and slight smiles appeared on their faces.  “It’s good to have friends, you know.”
“… I’ve heard that.”
Richie’s voice shook them out of their gazes.
“Look lively, folks.  Coming into sagebrush territory.  Let’s tie our horses over by that bush and proceed on foot.”
They approached the area that Richie pointed out, got down and tied up their horses.  Matt took the binoculars from his saddlebag.
“We don’t want to get too close.  This is mating season and we shouldn’t bother them,” said Matt.
“Mating season?”
“Yes, ma’am.  It’s an interesting sight to see.”
“I’ll bet,” murmured Tess.
They crept up on a hill that overlooked an immense plains area.  Peering down, the area was alive with sage grouse strutting around. Richie had reached for Tess’ hand to show her a good place from which to watch the birds.  She smiled and went where he beckoned.  They lay down on the hill to watch the sage grouse activity.
Matt had taken Sarah a little further down the hill, closer to the birds.  “Here,” he said handing her the binoculars, “take a look.”  They lay down on their stomachs in the grass and Sarah propped up on her elbows to use the binoculars.  It was quite a sight. 
“Look at them! They’re so beautiful!” Sarah gushed quietly.
“The ones with their tail feathers all pointy in the back and huge white breasts are the males.  The ones with no white on them are the females.”
“Of course, they are.” Sarah rolled her eyes. “Why is it, in the animal kingdom, that the males are always prettier than the females?”
“To attract a mate, of course,” smiled Matt.  “But you know that’s not true with humans… Take you, for instance.”
Sarah put down her binoculars, gaping at him. “What about me?”
“You’re much more attractive than I am.”
“Says who?”
“Me…”
“That’s not true from where I sit…” countered Sarah.  She put the binoculars to her eyes again.  Matt grinned at her.
“Does that mean you think I’m attractive?”
She exhaled audibly.
“… I can’t believe we’re having this conversation.  We’re supposed to be looking at birds.”
“… You started it.” She put the binoculars down.
“No, I didn’t…”
“Yes, you did when you remarked about…”
Richie spoke quietly from where he and Tess were situated.
“Would you two pipe down over there?”
“Yes,” smirked Tess.  “You’re missing all the action.”
Sarah refrained from rolling her eyes again, but she blushed looking at Matt.  His eyes held hers for a moment and then she quickly looked in the binoculars again.
“There’s so many strutting around.  They seem like chickens, in a way.”
“Cousins…”
“Why are there more males than females?”
“… Just the way it is.  Since there’s competition, they’re trying to look their best to attract the female. Listen to the warbling sounds they make.”
Silence then and lots of warbling noises…
“Look how the male walks and rolls his chest forward.  Why does he do that?”
“He’s putting on a show for her.”
“… Beautiful... Look at the black feathers down the back of his head.  And the dotted feathers behind his tail.”
Matt wasn’t watching the sage grouse anymore.  He was watching how engrossed Sarah was.  He couldn’t believe how mesmerized she was by these birds… How she was adapting so incredibly fast to everything Western.  What was her story?  Why was she really here? Suddenly, Matt was full of questions, but this wasn’t the place for them.
Glancing over at Richie, he and Tess had gotten pretty friendly and weren’t watching the birds much either.  Apparently, only Sarah was really interested.  He looked up at the sun.
“It’s probably getting close to noon.  We’d better head back.” He asked around. “Everyone seen enough?”  He got “No” from Richie and Tess, and then a “No” from Sarah, hunkered down with the binoculars.
He laughed.  “Sorry, folks.  We need to get going.”
They quietly backed down the hill toward the horses.  When everyone was astride, they started back to the ranch house.  All of a sudden, going by some rocks, there was a rattling noise and Tess’ horse reared back, knocking her off into the grass.
Matt reached out to grab her horse’s reins, as Richie jumped down to help Tess up.
“What happened?”
“Move you two,” warned Matt pointing toward a rock. “… rattlesnake.”
Richie grabbed Tess’ arm and towed her quickly in the other direction.  Sarah only caught part of the action, having ridden a ways up already.
“What’s happening?”
“… Snake spooked Tess’ horse.”
“My God, Tess.  Are you all right?” Sarah was all concern.
From Richie’s arms, Tess smiled, “Yeah, I’m good.”
Sarah raised her eyebrows at them.  Matt just smiled – Richie was a fast mover, all right…
He got Tess back on her horse and they all rode off for the ranch house. This time they made it, uneventfully, back to the barn.  Sarah and Matt dismounted first.  He took her horse and she looked up at him.
“Thank you.  That was wonderful.”
“You’re welcome, Sarah. Glad I could be of service.”
She smiled at him.  “Guess I’d better go. Duty calls…”
“… Duty?”
“I promised Dale I’d help him with lunch today.”
Matt’s lips parted and his eyes widened. “You’re going to cook?  With Dale?”
“Sure,” she shrugged.  “Something wrong with cooking?”
He shook his head.  “Apparently not.  I just thought you were a guest here – Not an employee.”
“Just helping out a bit.” She looked over at Tess.  “You coming?”
“No, I’ll catch up with you later.” She was still dangerously close to Richie.
Sarah laughed and walked happily up to the ranch house, her ponytail swinging.  Matt grinned at her departing back and thought she was something else… And someone he wanted to get to know better.



CHAPTER TWELVE

Beef sizzling…
Bread rising…
Fresh apples…

“The trick, Sarah, is to have all these great smells… Then everyone gets hungry, eats a lot and thinks you’re a great cook.”  Dale was explaining the fine points of cowboy cooking to Sarah.  
She looked around the kitchen. There was no one else there but the two of them.  What a character… He’d been talking her ear off all the while he was putting in a pinch of this and a sprinkling of that.  Several saucepans in various sizes and Dutch ovens were all heating ingredients at once. She wondered how he could keep track of what needed more cooking and what was done.
Sarah donned an apron while she listened to him go on and on. Curly brown hair that was obviously never combed gave him a crazed look.  But when it came to food, this guy knew it all.
“So what all are we serving today, Dale?”
He started rattling off dishes quickfire – “… Black bean salad, cornbread, chicken fried steak, tortilla soup and apple pie...” Sarah blinked.
“Wow… Impressive.  What do you want me to do?”
“I want you to do the Black bean salad.  You okay with that?”
“Sure… Just tell me what and how…” He smiled at her.
“I like you, Sarah.  You cut through the crap…”
She started laughing at him.
“Let me wash my hands and I’ll get started.”
While Sarah worked at Dale’s instruction, she remembered how much she enjoyed cooking.  What was it about this trip?  It was non-stop enjoyment for her.  She hadn’t had a few days in forever that were as memorable as these last days had been.  
She’d been working quietly for a while and Dale was curious.
“… You’re from Baltimore, Sarah?”
“Yes, sir…”
“Tell me about life in Baltimore.” He noticed the frown that immediately came onto her face.  Uh-oh… raw nerve…  “Sorry, I really didn’t mean to pry.”
Sarah continued putting ingredients into a bowl and said nothing for a few minutes.  Then she cleared her throat…
“… My life in Baltimore is strained and difficult.  Sometimes it can be fun and lots of times, it’s not.”
“Is that why you came out West?” She looked at Dale and smiled.
“My mother lived in Lovelock, outside of Reno…”
“… Yes, I know it…”
“…Anyway, I’ve always dreamed of coming out here and having…”
When she didn’t continue, he filled in the blank for her.
“… some fun?  An adventure, maybe?”
“Promise you’ll keep this to yourself, Dale?”  He crossed his heart with a ladle.
“I think I’m looking for a new life…”
His eyes widened.  “And you thought you’d find it here, in Nevada?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know… maybe… It seemed like a place to start. I have to make a change.”
“Is it that critical?”
“… Yes.”
“Why?”  Her hand stalled in the bowl.
“Would you like to know what happened to me the day before I flew out here?”
“… Only if you want to tell me.” Dale stopped what he was doing and looked in her open face.  He saw tears in her eyes.
She gulped. “I had a panic attack.” 
His jaw tightened and he became angry on her behalf.  “What happened?”
“Sure you want to hear this?”
“… I do…”
“I have this boss…” and she filled him in on the antics of Joe the Tyrant, always bullying her and getting her upset.  She mentioned the rashes too.
Sarah lowered her eyes to the bowl and began mixing ingredients again.  “I’ve never told that to anyone, not even my father.”
“That was my next question.  Where the hell is your family?”  He stirred a few saucepans and checked a dish in the oven.  “Here, put your salad in this bowl.” He handed her a big bowl from the cupboard.
She shrugged again. “I love my family.  It’s just my father and my grandfather, but they’re wonderful people.”
“Why don’t they know about Joe the Tyrant then?”
“Because I haven’t told them, I guess.  They expect… much from me -- They’re in politics.”  She looked up into his sympathetic eyes.  “I...I don’t want to disappoint either of them.”
“So you’re disappointing yourself instead.  Is that it?”
“… Maybe…” She put the salad she’d made into a refrigerator.
“How’d you manage to get away?”
“After my panic attack, actually before that, my best friend, Abby and I searched for a vacation place.  When I had the attack, I just booked everything and beat it out of there.  They were all crying recriminations in my wake.”
He shook his head.  Dale thought he’d heard it all now.
“… No boyfriend?”
This time she rolled her eyes back in her head. “I call Ben, the absentee boyfriend.  He’s perfect for my family, but not so great for me.  I broke up with him before I left.  Guess what he said to me?”
“What?”
“He’d give me a week to come to my senses.” Dale laughed loudly at that.
“You need a new home, a new job and a new guy, Sarah.”
“Thanks, Dale.  With you and Dan as my therapists, I should do all right.” She laughed with him.
He took her hand and sat her down at the kitchen table with him.
“Listen, sweetie.  I don’t know if the Wild West will be your salvation or not, but I sure hope so, for your sake.  You’re terrific, Sarah and you deserve much more out of life than you’re apparently getting…”
He handed her a tissue from a box on the table.
“…Um…”
“So let’s finish up lunch and decide what we’re fixing for dinner.”
“Okay…” she sniffed.
“And I want you to help me out on the horse drive tomorrow.  Can you do that?”
“If you can stand to have me around that much, Dale…”
“Come on, let’s finish up.”
As they finished lunch and started setting things out on the buffet table, Dale was thinking long and hard.  He could really use an assistant in the kitchen.  Would she want to stay on after her week was over? He was going to talk to Mr. Walker about it.  She was so lovely and nice, and she needed help.  It was obvious that she didn’t want to go home.
And he thought Matt might need a little more time too.  He saw how Matt looked at her… It was just a matter of time before the guy would get off his butt and realize what he had in front of him.  Dale thought he might push her out there too, if he had the chance.  His wheels were turning…

####

Some of the cowboys walked into the big dining room for lunch to see a bunch of female guests excitedly picking teams.  Aaron, Frank and Tyler had come in ahead of Matt and Richie… The women had finished up lunch and were about to head out.  Matt noticed Sarah’s cheeks were flushed with excitement about something, but Tess was checking out Richie. He smiled over at her.
“Listen, Matt,” whispered Richie. “Can you play for me after dinner? I want to take Tess out to show her the stars…”
Matt laughed. “Oh, is that what you call it now?”
Richie nodded.
“Okay… Your guitar in your cabin?”
“Yeah, I’ll get it over to you.” Then he looked at him. “Where’s yours? You’re better than I am and you haven’t played much in weeks.”
Matt rubbed his forehead. “Just haven’t felt like it, I guess.”
“Well, get in the mood.  Women like musicians…” he kidded.
The ladies all got up and left the room noisily.  Mr. Walker came in from another room and walked over to the cowboys to say hello.
“What’s with the gals?” said Frank.
“… Off to play cowboy golf.”
Matt smiled at that.  “They seem to be finding great things to do every day.”
“That’s what we’re here for, son.  Let’s keep the guests happy…” Mr. Walker strode after the women to make sure they were heading to the right area.  He stuck his head back around a corner.  “Frank, give me a hand, would you? I want you to show the ladies where the golf course is set up.”
Frank got up and walked with Mr. Walker outside.  The rest of the cowboys got their lunches and sat down to eat.
“So…” began Richie while cutting his steak.
“So?” asked Matt.
“She golfs too.”
Matt shrugged. “Probably plays a lot in Baltimore.”
“What can’t this girl do? Hmmm?”
“… I don’t know, Richie. I don’t know her much at all.”
Dale heard that comment and walked over to stand by their table.  Richie, Matt, Aaron and Tyler looked up at him.
“That’s your mistake.”
“What is, Dale?”
“That you don’t know her very well.”
“Yeah, that’s what I said…  So?” Matt looked puzzled.
“And that’s all I’m saying…”
Matt and Richie were scratching their heads. “But you haven’t said anything, Dale…” said Richie.
“That’s right… Enjoy the chicken fried steak.”  And he walked back to the kitchen.
The four cowboys looked at each other with wide eyes.
“What the hell was that all about?” asked Tyler. He reached for the saltshaker.
“… Absolutely no idea,” said Matt.
Richie tried again.  “Maybe… he was trying to tell us something.  You, Matt… “
“What about me?”
“You made the comment that he responded to.”
“What did I say?”
Richie looked confused.  Aaron brightened. “… Something about not knowing someone or something…”
“This is hopeless.” Tyler began to eat his food.
Everyone agreed with him except for Matt.  He sat there, fork in hand and tried to figure out what Dale had been saying.  He put down his fork, excused himself and got up to walk into the kitchen. Richie gave him a puzzled look when he left.
Dale was cleaning pans when Matt walked in the kitchen. He pushed a hand through his dark hair, the other held onto his cowboy hat. Serious eyes…
“I said I didn’t know her very well…”
“That’s correct…” Dale stopped what he was doing and looked over at him.
“And then you said that was my mistake, right?”
“Yes…”
“What are you trying to say, Dale?”
“I’m saying nothing.  You need to figure this out for yourself.”
Matt shuffled his feet and looked around the kitchen. His eyes finally came back to Dale’s.
“Can you give me a clue?”
“You want one, don’t you?”
“Yes…”
“…Why?”
That was a question that sent him around the bend.  Why did he?  Didn’t he like his life as it was?  Why did he want to get mixed up with some girl? A city slicker…
“Listen, Dale… I don’t know anything right now.” He sat down on a chair by the kitchen table.  “I met this girl from Baltimore that I can’t stop thinking about. I know nothing much about her…” He shook his head at Dale’s unasked question.  “I asked… She wouldn’t tell me anything about her life.”
“Maybe she’s not ready.”
“Okay, I get that but…”
“… But?” Dale sat down by him.
“She’s a guest, for Pete’s sake. She’ll be going back to Baltimore in less than a week.” He lowered his eyes.  “Why do I care?”
Dale smiled.  “You care because you don’t want her going back to Baltimore, son.  Face it…”
“… That’s not fair of me. Her home is somewhere else.  She has a life somewhere else… Probably a boyfriend.”
“What if she stayed another week?”
“… Same difference.  She’d still be leaving sooner or later.”  He looked up at Dale.  “My stomach is tied in knots…” Dale smiled.
“This is a long time in coming for you, Matt.  Even if she doesn’t stay, welcome back to the world.  She’s apparently opened up that can of worms that you welded shut after Betsy left.”
“We’re not saying her name…”
“No, don’t give Betsy that much importance. You and she were a bad fit from the beginning.  The only good thing to come of that relationship is little Tommy.  How is he, by the way?”
Matt smiled. “He’s good and coming out to visit next month. He’ll stay with my grandfather, as will I.”
“Still looking at buying that little ranch next door to your grandfather’s?”
“Yep,” Matt smiled turning his hat around in his hands. “It’s a pretty place.”
“Take her out to see it sometime.”
Matt blinked his eyes in surprise.  “You’re kidding. Why would I do that?”
Dale blew out a breath.  “Youth is definitely wasted on the young.  You and she need to talk to each other.”
“We’re still getting to know one another. That takes time.”
“Don’t take too long.  Try to talk to her some night on the horse drive.  You’ll be out under the stars – pretty romantic and all.”
Matt actually blushed and then laughed. “Yeah, well… I’ll see what I can do.”  He met his eyes.  “Thanks, Dale.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dale shooed him away. “Everyone comes to me with their troubles.”
“Father Confessor?”  Then Matt thought of something.  “Has Sarah talked with you about anything?”
“… Sorry,” he said, “confessions are confidential.  You’re going to have to find out on your own.”
Matt got up from the table and put on his hat.  “All right.  Thanks, Dale.  See ya.”  He walked out of the kitchen.  Dale sat there watching him leave and then shook his head.
“That boy’s smitten… but he doesn’t know it yet.”



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

After dinner, Sarah and Tess sat out on the porch, laughing about their cowboy golf game.  It had been a hoot… One of the ladies had almost hit a deer with a golf ball.  The course was so rough that once Sarah dug a hole trying to hit her ball.  All in all, it had been a fun and funny afternoon.
Sarah had just made it back in time to help Dale with dinner.  Afterwards, in the kitchen, Mr. Walker had questioned Dale about having a guest assist. 
“Look, Dale.  The guests are here for fun, not work.”
“People have different ideas about what fun is, apparently.”
“So you think it’s wise to let her help you?”
“Yeah, in fact, what if she stays a bit longer and becomes my assistant?”
Mr. Walker looked aghast.  “What in the world are you talking about? You want me to hire her?”
“Why not? If she decides to stay in the area, I could use the help…”
“Well…” Mr. Walker huffed his disapproval.  “Why don’t we just cross this bridge when and if we come to it?”
“Okay by me.”  
“Anyway, I need to get an accurate count for the horse drive tomorrow and make sure folks have the gear they need.”
He walked out of the kitchen still shaking his head about Dale’s request. Then Mr. Walker met with the ranch guests in the community room to go over what they’d need for the horse drive starting tomorrow.  There were ten guests going, including Sarah and Tess, Dale the cook, Cooper the trail boss and four of the cowboys, Frank, Aaron, Richie and Matt.  
“Just so you’re clear… You’ll be driving the herd of horses up north from here to a good pasture that’s east of the Snake Mountains.  The elevation is high, around 7,000 feet, so you need to dress warmly.”  He stopped to pick up a stack of papers.
“Aaron, pass the gear list around, please. Everyone take a good look at what you’ll need. It may be a bit chilly at night, but you’ll be in some of the most beautiful country on God’s earth.  It’s breathtaking, to be sure…”
“Do you have bedrolls for us, Mr. Walker?” asked Tess.
“Yes.  Also, we can also provide tents, if you’d prefer not sleeping out in the open.”
Tess looked at Sarah.  “Want to share a tent?”
“Oh, yeah…” laughed Sarah.
“What about bugs?” asked another guest.
“There are some, so get whatever you need from the general store out back.  We should be able to fix you up with anything.”  He looked around the room.  “Questions?”
Sarah had one. “So we ride two days up and one day back.  Is that right?”
“Yup.  Correct… If you want to take your time on the way back, you can make that decision as you go.  Depends on how anxious you are to get off a horse…” He smiled at them and everyone smiled back.
“Okay, then.  You leave after breakfast tomorrow morning.  Have a good trip… In an hour, we’re going to have a little music and dancing, so get your packing done and come on outside.  Let’s have some fun!”
Tess turned to Sarah as they got up to go to their rooms.  “I like him.”
“Who? Mr. Walker?”
“… Yes.  He’s got a real twinkle in his eye…” Sarah laughed at her.
“Come on.  Let’s get packed.”

She could hear music out back of the ranch house as she was packing.  
Sarah thought there were three guitars playing with at least two singers, sometimes three.  The Western songs they played were so pleasant, soulful – She recognized a few oldies like ‘Cool Water’ and ‘Oh, Shenandoah’, but a few more modern tunes like ‘Desperado’ and ‘Peaceful Easy Feeling’. Sarah smiled.  There must be some Eagles fans out there.
The place was lively by the time Sarah finished packing and walked back behind the house.  People, young and old, teen and toddler, were dancing.  Lots of smiles and laughter… She looked for Tess and found her dancing with Richie.  Hmmm… Thought he played guitar the first night they were here.  Apparently, he wanted a night off.  Sarah looked over to see who had taken Richie’s place and saw Matt watching her. 
He stood up while the other cowboys sat.  What a handsome guy… The guitar swung gracefully from a strap around his neck and he rarely looked at the strings as he played so well.  Sarah could easily pick out his playing from the others – He was good… His black hair occasionally falling in his eyes...  Sarah wasn’t the only one appreciating Matt.  He had a couple of teenage girls to one side trying to get him to talk.
Wow… If he isn’t a musical Gregory Peck… She thought.
She looks incredible… Where’d she get that skirt?  He thought.
“Sarah…” Tess dashed over to appraise her clothes.  “What a great outfit… Neat skirt—I love the fringe, vest and frilly blouse… Cool!”
Richie joined them. “Really, Sarah.  You look terrific… I’m sure you won’t lack for a dance partner, if you want one.”
Sarah chuckled at them both. “Thanks, guys. I think I’ll listen for a bit. It sounds wonderful.” Richie grinned.
“And our friend, Matt, is playing and singing tonight too…”
“… He sings?”  Sarah’s lips parted.  She watched as the girls by him whispered something to him.  What? He looked at them and smiled. 
When the song they were playing was finished, Matt pushed his wavy hair back and made an announcement. 
“I’ve had a request for a golden oldie.  It was way before these girls’ time, but here it is.  See if you recognize it.” The girls giggled that he mentioned them.
And then the group started playing their guitars.  She couldn’t believe the degree of musicianship – Guitars softly strumming and harmonizing until he started to sing. Nice voice…
‘You didn’t need to be so nice
I would have liked you anyway.
If you had just looked once or twice
And gone upon your quiet way…

They said the time was right for me to follow you
I knew I’d find you in a day or two
   And it’s true…
You came upon a quiet day
You simply seemed to take your place.
I knew that it would be that way
The minute that I saw your face...

And when we’ve had a few more days
I wonder if I’ll get to say
You didn’t have to be so nice
I would have liked you anyway’… 

Sarah tried not to stare but it was hard.  She was standing towards the back of a group of people who were slow dancing.  Two men had asked her to dance, but she shook her head – She was listening to him… And he noticed every time she turned someone down.
Those lyrics… Sure it was from an old group called the Lovin’ Spoonful, but he watched her as he sang.  It hit her -- He was singing to her… Sarah sighed and understood the groupie mentality now.  With his looks and voice, Matt could have been a rock star.  The girls around him sighed and giggled… Sarah couldn’t tear her eyes away from his…
When he finished singing, he received huge applause, especially from the giggling girls.  Sarah was frozen to the spot… ‘You didn’t need to be so nice, I would have liked you anyway’… Those lyrics echoed in her head.  Was that how he felt? It was only her third day in Nevada and she was falling for a cowboy.  Sarah blinked rapidly and gulped in some fresh air. Was she completely nuts? 
She quickly looked around for Tess and saw her walking off hand-in-hand with Richie. Who knows where they were going… She felt the urgency to beat a hasty retreat.  Matt was taking off his guitar and stepping away from the other musicians. He was looking around the crowd – for me? Oh, my… What am I doing? And she ran… 
Dale saw her go and he blew out an exasperated breath.  He knew it was all going to be so much harder than he’d imagined.  Then he watched Matt scan the crowd of people for her.  When he didn’t see her, he ran a hand through his hair and looked away, towards the hills.  Matt probably thought she was as skittish as a new colt and he was running out of time… Dale watched Matt pick up his hat and leave the dance area.  Nope, nothing was happening tonight obviously.   



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“So where the heck did you go last night?” Tess asked Sarah at breakfast the next morning.
“You want to know where I went?  Where did you go? I saw you walking off with Richie.”
Tess sighed. “I did… I really did…”
“So?” Sarah raised an eyebrow at her. She popped a bite of muffin in her mouth.
“So…” Tess raised an eyebrow back at her. “We went to his cabin and we…”
“… I think I get the picture.”
“Oh, my… I hope so. The picture is sooo good…” Tess bit into her toast.
Sarah laughed at her.  “At least your night sounds better than mine.”
“What happened?”
“… Nothing…”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I did it to myself.”
“… Take it from the top…  We left when Matt started singing.  Wasn’t he good?”
Sarah sighed. “… Too good…  I started getting goofy thoughts about him.”
“Goofy?”
“… Mushy…”
“Oh – mushy.  That’s good, right?”
“No, Tess. I’ve only been in Nevada for three days now and I’m not going to fall for a local cowboy.”
Tess rolled her eyes.  “Of course not.  Just have a few nights pleasure. After the weekend, we’ll be gone and everyone will have had a nice time.”
“Is that what you’re doing with Richie? Having a few nights pleasure?”
“God, I hope so.  The guy has an incredible bedside manner.” She winked at Sarah.  “…If you catch my drift.” 
Sarah couldn’t help herself and laughed at her.
“I just can’t do that, Tess.”
“What?”
“… Hop in the sack with some guy for fun.  It’s…”
“…It’s what?”
“Too personal, too intimate.”
Tess smirked. “I sure hope so…” She took another bite of her toast.
“Don’t you want more than that?”
“Sure, someday.  But I didn’t think I’d look for a forever guy on a week’s vacation at a remote ranch in Nevada.  I just want to have fun…”
“Does Richie feel that way?”
“Oh, yes… Definitely.” She thought a minute and looked at Sarah.  “He spoke a little bit about Matt.”  Sarah ate some of her eggs and mumbled something.  “Want to hear what he said?”
“… Okay…” Sarah swallowed and looked over at Tess.
“Matt was married once before and has a little boy in Reno.”
“He has a child?”
“Yes…”
“Did he say what happened to the marriage?”
“Just that it didn’t work out…”
Sarah sat back in her chair and pushed a few strands of hair out of her face.  “I bet that’s what he was doing in Reno when I saw him at the hotel.”
“Yeah.  Maybe he’d just been visiting his boy…”
“…Ah…”
“Does that change the way you think about him, Sarah?”
“Yes…”
“How so?”
She got a big grin on her face. “It makes me like him more.  I bet he wants something more out of life too – like me.  He may not be just a cowboy looking for a good time.”
“Nope. Richie said Matt was way too serious about lots of things.”
Sarah thought about that for a few minutes.  Then she pushed back from the table.  “Okay, breakfast is over.  Let the horse drive begin.  Let’s go…”
Tess laughed as they headed back to their rooms to pick up duffel bags and bedrolls.

“So where the heck did you go last night, Richie? I looked around after our set and you’d taken off.” Matt was finishing up his bacon and eggs.
“Yeah, you were wowing the girls when Tess and I decided to go for a stroll.” He raised his eyebrows at Matt.
“Did that stroll end up at your cabin?”
Richie gave him a look of mock surprise. “Golly, gee… What do you know about that? It did, indeed.”
Matt laughed at him. “Well… I’m glad someone had a good night.”
“What happened? Nothing? I saw you making eyes at Sarah…”
“… I apparently scared her off.  When I finished my song, I couldn’t find her anywhere.  She must have left… Unimpressed with me, probably.”
“She didn’t stick around to talk to you?”
“Nope…”
Richie shrugged. “Too bad. She looked really cute last night.”
Matt sighed. “Damn… Didn’t she? Dale told me, in a roundabout way, to try to get to know her.  How can I when she takes off on me?”
“Think she’s playing hard to get?”
“… I don’t know, but I don’t think so.  I think she’s scared… Of what, I have no clue.”
“Well…” Matt looked over at Richie. He was about to take a big bite of bacon. 
“Well, what?”
“… Um…”
“Out with it…”
“During a lull in the action, Tess said a couple of things about Sarah.”
Matt perked up. “Like what?”
“Desperate for information?”
“Yes… tell me…”
“… Well, you know she’s from Baltimore.”
“Yeah…”
“Apparently, she’s from a prominent family.”
“How prominent?”
“I guess Sarah didn’t say, but Tess got the feeling they were important.”
“What else?”
“She mentioned that Sarah had just broken up with some guy too.”
“…Really? This is good… More…”
“Well, she and Tess don’t know each other that well, but…”
“But what?”
“Tess got the feeling she was running away from something… or someone…”
“That doesn’t sound good.” Matt thought a minute.  “But it might explain her hesitancy toward me, her skittishness.”
Richie brightened.  “Oh… You’ll like this.”
“What is it?” Matt leaned toward him.
“Sarah definitely thinks you’re cute.”
“Cute?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s it?”
“What do you want?  A marriage proposal?  Much has been done with less.”
Matt nodded his head. “Yep, you’re right.  Thanks for the information.”
“You’re welcome.” Richie wiped off his mouth.  “Ready to hit the trail?”
“Let’s go.”



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The cowboys had some sixty horses rounded up and ready to go.  Mr. Walker stood by the corral gate and looked out at the various mounted guests and cowboys.  It was always one of the parts of the drive he liked best.  Taking them out and bringing them in…
Sarah sat back out a ways on Thunder with Tess beside her on Strawberry.  She checked to make sure she had the horseshoe in her saddlebag, as they waited for him -- Everyone watched him expectantly.
“Ready?” He yelled.  Then he waved his cowboy hat in the air, while making a bunch of noises.  Sarah thought she heard him say, “Hey, hut hut, git on...” Or something like that.  All the cowboys waved their hats in the air, so the guests did as well. 
“What’d he say?” asked Tess.
“I don’t know. I was kind of expecting the Yee haw scene from ‘Red River’.
Mr. Walker opened the corral and the horses started walking out.  Cooper, the trail boss, took over and the cowboys began pushing the herd of horses up towards the northern part of the property.
“Good luck, you guys…” called out Mr. Walker as cowboys and guests started riding with the herd. 
Dale had already gone ahead to meet the herd at a pre-arranged stopping place for the night.  He drove a truck with a small trailer filled with food and kitchen things for the drive.  He’d asked Sarah to drive with him, but she wanted to ride a horse instead.  He’d given all the guests a container of food for their lunches.  They’d have a cold lunch, but hot dinner.
So the horses were moving north with cowboys and guests following alongside and behind.  Occasionally, Sarah would flick the reins on her legs to get the horses moving.  
They rode for a while moving the herd along a flat area between hills and the riding wasn’t hard.  Sarah watched as the cowboys yelled, “Whoop, whoop” and moved their arms up and down to keep the herd moving.  It was quite a picture – Riding through the grassy area between hills towards low mountains on the horizon, tiny white clouds up in the blue, forever sky. After an hour or so, they started to climb up a more mountainous area where the going was tougher.  Frank and Aaron got off their horses to shoo some of the strays back toward the bulk of the herd. It was hard riding for a while, but the views into the valley were breathtaking.  They rode down on the other side towards a low-level pasture area. It had been several hours riding when Cooper called lunch.
Sarah dismounted, already feeling some creeping stiffness in her legs.  
“You okay?” yelled Tess. She looked like her legs were stiffening up too.
“Yeah… You?” Sarah smiled when Tess gave her a thumbs-up.
Looking around, Sarah thought they were in Heaven, all right.  Tall pine trees reaching up in the sky, each vying for their bit of sun.  The horses, in varying shades of brown and black, rested on the grass, eating and flicking their tails…  Colts and fillies trying to find their mothers… She took off her hat and reached into her saddlebag for her water bottle.  Richie rode by to see how they were doing.
“Hey, ladies.  How’s it going?”
“Great,” smiled Tess.  She pushed back a few strands of hair that fell in her face.
“…Good,” added Sarah. “We’re staying on and rounding up a few strays.”
“That’s the job… See you later.” Richie winked at Tess and tipped his hat at both women.
“He’s pretty cute, Tess,” began Sarah. “Sure you only want an afternoon delight with him?”
Tess sighed.  “…Afternoon, evening, morning, any time…”
That got Sarah laughing.  Cooper rode up to them.
“…Ladies… Doing all right?”
“Indeed, Cooper. Thanks, we’re fine.”
“Well, look lively. After the lunch break, we have a few more hours to go until we reach Dale and the campsite.”
“Then I go to work,” said Sarah.
“How about you try a little fishing first?” He raised his eyebrows at her.
“… Fishing?”
“Yup. Later…” And he galloped off.
The relaxing break lasted about thirty minutes, and then Cooper got them all up and riding again. The next part of the ride was easier with flat valleys and flowing creeks.  Sarah and Tess yelled, “Eh, eh” and “Yup, yup” and the like to keep the horses moving forward.  The other guests seemed to be getting into the swing of things as well, enjoying the experience.  
Matt watched as Sarah moved in and out of the herd with her horse.  She seemed fearless, sometimes chasing a few strays back in.  The outdoors brought out her smile and her rosy cheeks.  Her cowboy hat had fallen on her back, its string around her neck.  Her ponytail flicked around like a horse’s tail and a windblown look on her was exceptionally good… He smiled.  Matt now expected that she could handle any Western experience that came her way.  Whatever had happened in Baltimore was a dim memory… She was confident and it showed. He wished this drive could last forever…
By late afternoon, they made it to the campsite where they’d spend the night.  There were picnic tables available in the area with a stream flowing close to the tall trees nearby.  The cowboys took care of all their horses, so the guests were free to wander around and explore the woods and campsite.  Some put up their tents.  Birch trees mixed with aspens, sagebrush dotted the landscape.  The horse herd was in a close pasture eating and chewing, settling in for the night.
Sarah stood still for a moment with her eyes closed, listening to the new sounds around her.  She thought she heard an owl, but wasn’t sure.  Unfamiliar birdcalls filled the air, as did a breeze whispering through the trees.  She breathed in smells of pine and sage.  It was unfamiliar perhaps, but comfortable… Easy. She felt at home.  Matt had come up quietly behind her.  He was surprised at her comfort level and shook his head… Why should he be surprised?  She was born here in another life, maybe…
She opened her eyes and turned to see him standing about six feet away from her, holding two fishing rods, a net and some other gear.  Sarah blinked…
“No, I’m not stalking you again.” She smiled this time.  “Cooper asked me to take you fishing, if you’d like…” He looked away for a minute and when he looked back, his dark eyes were darker.  “Would you like to – fish, that is?”
Sarah looked around for Tess. “Where’s Tess?”
“… with Richie.” She watched him for a moment. 
“Okay. I’d love to learn how to fish.”
“You’ve never fished before?”
“… Absolutely everything on this trip has been a first for me.” Sarah laughed. “Fishing is no exception.”
Matt smiled. “I’m amazed that you’re willing to try so many new things.”
“It’s one of the reasons I came on this trip.”
“What was another reason, Sarah?”  She looked hesitant again.  “Sorry.  None of my business.”  Then he brightened.  “Ready to go?”
“Sure…”
Guests were milling around, sitting at the tables, playing a game of horseshoes or taking walks.  Not too many were down by the stream, so Matt took her down a short path.  He found a good spot for them to fish from and set up their gear. When he started fixing the fly rod for her, she stopped him.
“No, show me,” said Sarah.
Matt smiled. Of course, she’d want to know. After he’d shown her how to set up the rod, she did her own. They were standing on the bank of the stream when he starting a casting lesson.
“We’re going to start with the overhead cast.  It’s a rhythmic motion.  Look, bend and stop, bend and stop. Do that twice…” He threw the line out and flicked it.  Sarah watched as the line flew way out to the middle of the stream.  He demonstrated the technique again.
She was holding her rod and tried flicking it a few times, like Matt had shown her.  She wasn’t too successful and the line didn’t fly out very far.  
“Try to keep the tip of your rod straight,” he suggested.
She tried again and couldn’t get it right.  “Could you show me again?”
He nodded shyly… Matt came up behind Sarah and placed his hand lightly on hers, on the fishing rod. His other hand settled possessively at her waist to hold her steady. He guided her hand to cast this time…She drew in a breath…
“Okay, straight back, bend and stop. Again bend and stop…” He spoke softly in her ear.  This time her line flew straight, way out in the stream.  She laughed, delighted at what they’d done.  Her face seemed lit from within… Smiling, Sarah turned to him and his face was close now.  Matt’s dark eyes slowly traveled up her face until they reached her startled blue ones.  He waited a beat, while their eyes stayed locked. Neither of them could speak for a moment… He reluctantly took a step back.
“I…I think I’ve got it now.” Sarah stood still, trying to calm her breathing.
“Good…” Matt’s eyes stayed on hers.  “I’ll join you.”  He reached for his rod.
She smiled. “Shouldn’t we bait the hooks with something?”
Matt blushed.  “Oh, yeah… sorry. Bring your rod back.” He bent down into the tackle box he’d brought and pulled out two exotic fishing flies.  They were colorful with feathers and he wrapped them on both their rods quickly.  “Here, try it again.”
This time Sarah flicked her line out with no trouble.  “I guess you’re a pretty good teacher.”
“Thanks.” Matt cast his line as well.  “Come on. Sit down here and let’s just fish for a while.”
She sat down on the bank of the stream by him and held onto her rod.  They didn’t say anything for several minutes – It was comfortable just being there, calming and relaxing.  The line floating in the water… Finally, Sarah spoke up.
“I’ve never been so relaxed in my life as on this trip.”
“… Which? The trip to Nevada or the horse drive?”
“Both.” She looked him in the eyes.  “You have a wonderful life here.”
“Thanks. I think so…” Matt was quiet, watching the stream.
“Your playing was beautiful last night. I enjoyed it very much.”
That gave him an opening.  “Thanks again.  But where did you go? I was hoping you’d want to dance once with me.  We’ve done that before, remember?”
She smiled at him, but didn’t hold his gaze.
“I had a headache and had to leave…”
“No, you didn’t, Sarah.”  Pause. “Why won’t you talk to me?”
She adjusted her fishing rod as her line moved with the water.  “You…you wouldn’t like me anymore if I spoke to you.”
“Why not?”
“…Um…”
“… And my name’s Matt.  Why won’t you speak my name either?”
She blew out a breath and pushed some flyaway hair back into her ponytail.  Gazing across the clear water, she said softly, “… I’m a mess… I’m trying to avoid involvement…”
“I can see that, but why?”
“It’s a long, boring story…”
“You told Dale some of it, didn’t you?”
She glanced at his sincere face and nodded.  “Yes, a little.”
“You can trust me, Sarah.”  Her eyes misted and he wanted to touch her pretty cheek.  “How about this?  I’ll tell you something about me and then you say something about yourself… Would that work?”
“… Okay,” she said hesitantly. “You first…”
“Great…” Matt thought a minute.  “… I was married once.”  
Her eyes widened. “Wow… You really went for a big one, didn’t you?”
“I’d like you to be able to trust me.  That means the truth, whatever the cost.”
She opened her mouth, closed it.  “So you expect the same from me, right?”
“Yes.”
“Could I ask you a question?”
“If you want to…”
“What happened with the marriage? Why didn’t it work out?”
He took a deep breath. “We were too young and didn’t know each other very well.  She got pregnant and I thought we should get married.”
“… Did you love her?”
“At the time I thought I did.  But it was all just a big mistake.  She lives in Reno now and is remarried. Happily…”
“And your child?”
A big smile came on his face.  “His name is Tommy and he’s two.  I don’t have him enough since he’s so little, but I’d like to.  He’s coming next month and will stay with my grandfather and me.”
“… Your grandfather?”
“That’s four questions now that you’ve asked me.  It’s your turn to tell me something about yourself.”
She laughed. “You’re much more interesting…”
“… Matt… You’re much more interesting, Matt…”
“I’m not ready for that yet.” She shook her head.
“You’re not ready to call me by my name?”
“No…”
He was confused. “When will you be ready?”
“I’ll let you know…” Matt laughed and pushed some hair off his forehead.  
“Right.  Your turn…”
Sarah twisted the hands in her lap. She glanced over at him regarding her seriously.  Then she decided.  “I work as a computer consultant in Baltimore.”
“What do you do?”
“I help companies get started with technology.  I also give tutorials about video production to the community, and volunteer at a senior center sometimes helping them learn how to use a computer.”
“… Sounds busy.  Do you like your job?”
“I just knew you were going to ask me that.”
He shrugged. “It’s a natural question after what you said.”
She took a deep breath and said it fast, the words pouring out.  “I love the work, but hate the job.  My boss is a bully and I’m trying to start up my own company.  But I’m sort of spinning my wheels…”
“I noticed some redness on your arm when we saw each other at the hotel in Reno.”
Her lips parted. “You saw that?”
He smiled. “I told you I was good with details… What’s it all about, Sarah?”
She shook her head, but smiled. “First Dan, then Dale and now you.  Are all you Westerners also therapists?”
“You won’t tell me what’s going on?”
“It’s not your problem and you’ll just feel sorry for me.  I don’t want that...  I don’t want to spoil my trip, or yours.”
“Okay… but I can guess.  The bullying boss is causing you to break out in rashes. You took this trip in part to get away from him, while you make up your mind what to do…”
Her eyes widened. “How could you know that?”
“It wasn’t too big a step to take from what you’d said.”
“…ah…”
“And I don’t feel sorry for you.”
“You don’t?”
“No, I’ve seen you here. You can do anything – You ride, shoot, cook… You’re interested in everything and I think you can do anything you decide to do.  Maybe your confidence is just lacking a little.”
This time her eyes filled with tears.  Matt reached into his pocket for a handkerchief and handed it to her.
“…wwwho uses handkerchiefs anymore?” She sniffed while blotting her eyes.
“Don’t forget your nose,” he coaxed.  She blew her nose while he smiled.
“You’re even pretty when you’re crying…”
He gave her a long look that spoke volumes.  She tried to return his handkerchief but he refused it.  As they gazed at each other, fishing completely forgotten, Richie came up the path.
“Catch anything, folks?” He had a big smile on his face like the cat that swallowed the canary. Matt and Sarah blinked and got to their feet.
“Nope…”
“Well, Dale is looking for Sarah. Apparently, she’s his new assistant or something.  See you by the kitchen area…” He turned and left.
“Let me have the fishing rods.” She handed hers to him.
“Thank you for teaching me fishing.  I… I’d like to try it again sometime.”
He looked at her and said with feeling, “Sarah, you’re not a mess. You’re lovely…” 
She had trouble speaking and swallowing.  
Matt laughed…  “Let’s go.  The cook is requesting your presence.”



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Salad
Cornbread
Baked beans
Barbecued ribs
Peach cobbler

“Wow,” said Sarah.  “That’s the menu for tonight? Looks fabulous.”
“Let’s get to work, missy,” complained Dale. “While you were off lollygagging, I’ve been busting my tail with the meal.”
Sarah laughed at him. “Lollygagging?”
“Get the salad ingredients out and I’ll tell you.”
Sarah just smiled as she went through the food locker looking for what she’d need.
“This good?” She showed him what all she’d collected to start the salad.
“Don’t forget the radishes and avocado.”
“Yes sir…”
Dale turned down the Dutch oven on the baked beans and turned his attention to the ribs that he’d been smoking.  
“… All right… Lollygagging.  I saw you by the stream with Matt…”
“He was showing me how to fly fish,” Sarah protested.
“Well… Did you catch anything, besides Matt?”
She blushed. “It’s not like that, Dale. He’s just being nice…” She peeked over at him. “Isn’t he?”
“… It’s not my place to say, I’m sure.” He glanced at her and they grinned at each other.  “Okay… maybe a little.”
“Tell me his story.”
“That’s not fair. He asked about you and I wouldn’t tell him anything.”
She gasped. “He asked about me?”
Dale rolled his eyes back. “You mean to say, you haven’t noticed he’s interested in you?”
“I thought he was just helping a guest…”
“He helps guests all right, but not like he helps you.  Matt likes you, Sarah… Anything you want to do about that?”
She looked down at her vegetables and continued making the salad.  “I told him I was a mess, Dale.  My life’s a mess… I wouldn’t get involved with me right now.”
“Do you need some help?”  Dale started smearing the sauce on his smoked ribs.
She smiled. “Everyone has helped me so much already. I’m making a few decisions.”
“Really? Like what?”
“Were you serious about having me stay on for a while, Dale.  You know, as an assistant?”
He turned to look at her and put down the rib. “Yes…”
“… Okay.”
“Okay?”
“Yes, I’d like to work for you, if you still want me.”
“Of course, I still want you.”
“… I’m rethinking priorities.  The West is good for me… The East, not so much…  I’m quitting my job, for sure, and I’m going to concentrate on starting up my own online consulting business.”
Dale beamed. “I’d give you a hug, if I could, sweetie.  That’s wonderful…”
He winked at her. “Couldn’t you do an online business from anywhere?”
“Yes,” she smiled. “Another benefit.”
“Proud of you…” He finished the ribs and started the peach cobbler.  “Here... You take the cornbread.”
She put the salad down and took out the cornbread ingredients.  Then she found a bowl and began mixing them.
“What about you, Dale?  Is this what you always envisioned for yourself?”
Dale chuckled.  “No.  I had a restaurant in Reno for a few years, but it eventually closed.”
“Why? What happened?”
“It’s a tough market over there with the casinos.  They practically give away food to get people through the doors to gamble.  Plus, we didn’t get the foot traffic we needed from the location.”
“Maybe you can try another place.”
“… Actually…”
“What?”
“I did find a location in Wells that I might try.”
“… Wells?”
“Remember?  It’s the small town not far from the ranch. Anyway, I might try a Tex-Mex menu with barbecue too, like I had in Reno.  I like those foods…”
“Well, if you need some help, I’m your man.” 
He looked over at her. “Really, Sarah? You’d help out?”
“Yes, you’ve helped me. I want to reciprocate.” She smiled and then laughed out loud.
“What’s so funny?”
“My father and grandfather are going to faint when they learn of the plans I’m making – And without them.  It’s another first for me…”
“Word is out that you’re from a prominent family… Care to say how prominent?”
“Is it going to change the way people think about me here?  Because if it is, I’m not saying.”
Dale crossed his heart with a spoon. “I won’t tell a soul.”
“Even Matt?”
“No, you can tell him yourself and you should.”
“Okay… my grandfather was governor of Maryland thirty years back. He’s still a major power player in the party and is helping to run the current governor’s primary election.”
“Wow… And your father?”
“He works as chief of staff to the mayor of Baltimore.”
Dale whistled.  “Impressive.  How does that affect you?”
She blew out a breath. “I’m roped into all kinds of election parties, campaign functions, much glad-handing, smiling and bad food.”
“You don’t like it, I take it?”
“Not at all. I just do it for my family.  It’s always been expected.”
“What about the boyfriend?”
“…Ex-boyfriend, you mean.”
“Yeah, him…”
“He expects me to suck it up and do whatever Grandfather needs… Which I’ve always done.”
Dale smiled and put the peach cobbler into the generator-powered oven he brought. He wiped his hands on a cloth.
“Matt has a grandfather too.”
Sarah was finishing the cornbread.  “What should I do with this?”
“Let me take it…  Anyway, Matt’s grandfather lives about ten miles south of here on a beautiful property.  He’s a nice man and Matt’s only living relative.  Have you met him yet?”
She laughed. “Why would I meet his grandfather?”
“Just asking. He’s a good guy and will probably leave that property to Matt.”
“Should you be gossiping about him?”
“Everyone around here knows that.”
“I’m not from around here, Dale.”
“…Oh, I forgot.  You do seem to blend in pretty well, Sarah.”
Her mouth dropped open.  “… Ah…”
Dale laughed at her expression.  “Come on. Let’s start hauling all the plates and utensils out.  Dinner will be ready in about thirty minutes and there’s lots of hungry folks to feed.

####

Dinner was scrumptious.  Why did everything eaten out in the open-air taste so much better?  Night was coming and Cooper had gotten a campfire going.  Dale had brought camp chairs and the cowboys set them up around the fire.  With twilight and a fire to warm them, Sarah only needed her lighter coat.  She’d never camped out before and was finding the experience to her liking.
“All right, everyone.  Gather around,” started Cooper.  “We’ve had a great day today – No lost horses or guests.”  Everybody laughed at his comment, as they settled in the chairs to listen. 
“We have a few cowboys with us who will be participating in the National Cowboy Poetry Gathering in Elko in a few weeks. Maybe we can get them to recite a few poems for us.  What do you say?” People began applauding and looking around to see which cowboys would speak up.  Finally, Frank stood.
“First, does anyone know what cowboy poetry is?”  He looked around.  No one raised a hand. “All right. Let me explain then.  Cowboy poetry came from the tradition of singing songs and talking around a campfire at night after a long, dusty day on a cattle drive.  We share our love of rural life in the West and cowboy culture.”
He cleared his throat and began to speak. Frank told a story in poetic form of a friend who used to ride with him. He stood tall and still, cowboy hat on his head, and spoke about a cattle drive that claimed the friend’s life.  A sudden storm had caught them unaware, out in the open – No shelter.  The herd stampeded and the friend fell off his horse, only to be trampled by panicking cows.
Frank’s voice rose and fell with the intonation of his words.  His prose contained certain rhythmic cadences and he was hypnotizing… People listened and stared… Tears glistened on cheeks to hear of the friend’s death.  When he finished, he took a bow, acknowledging applause from the little group.
After Frank, Aaron and Richie both got up to recite a poem or two.  They had all written their own work and they spoke of love for the cowboy way of life.  Their homes in Nevada… Orange and pink skies at dusk, bright yellow suns at dawn… Poems sang without singing. Imaginary storms came and went, leaving damp ground and moist air….  The feeling was one of freshness, longing for a simpler life…
The audience was mesmerized and insisted on more when they’d all finished.  Sarah’s face mirrored other faces that found their poetry hypnotic, nostalgic.  Sweet and charming, yet sometimes alarming…
After the poetry, Frank, Tyler and Richie pulled out their guitars and began playing a few songs that everyone knew. There was a big sing-along featuring Red River Valley, Someday Soon, and Rocky Mountain High.  While all were singing, Matt quietly asked Sarah to take a walk with him.  With the opaque moon high in the sky peeking over a blackened mountain, they strolled a while listening to night sounds.
They walked a path through a few pine trees.  Sarah was listening intently to everything.
“Was that an owl?” she asked him.
“Yes… That’s a barn owl,” replied Matt smiling.  “You really are a city girl, aren’t you?”
“… Well, yes, but I’m learning.”
He smiled at her. “Good… Keep learning.”
They walked on and listened more.  “Any mountain lions around here?” she asked. She stood still, listening to the wind blowing softly through the trees.
“Nope. They’re generally in more rugged territory than this, areas where deer are plentiful.” He turned to her. “Have you seen any deer?”
She relaxed.  “No, I guess not.”
Matt took her hand as they began walking again. He laced his fingers with hers.
“Is this all right with you?”
“Yes,” she replied shyly, though not looking at him.  
They could hear the singing from the group echoing in the trees and coming to rest at their feet.
“Are you enjoying your visit to Nevada?” 
“Very much…” She started to say something else, but voices up ahead caught their attention.  Matt and Sarah stopped to listen.
One voice was angry, a girl’s.  The other voice was insistent, a guy’s.  Matt didn’t have to be a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on.  He hurried Sarah along to find those voices. 
“No, stop,” said the girl.
“Come on… You’ll have fun.”
Then Matt and Sarah heard the sound of a slap and walked into sight of the pair.  It was Aaron and one of the teenage girls.  It didn’t look good…
“Aaron, what’s going on here?” said Matt looking at him seriously.
“… We’ll just having a little fun,” said Aaron.
“She doesn’t look like she’s having any fun.  Back off…”
Sarah stood off to one side to let Matt handle the situation.
“We were just…”
“Save it,” he said to Aaron.  “Miss, are you all right,” he said, turning to the girl.
“No… I want to leave.” She’d started to cry and Matt looked at Sarah.
“Sarah, will you please take her back to camp?  I’ll take care of this.”  Then he spoke to the girl. “I’m sure he’s sorry for any trouble he caused you, miss.  Rest assured, it won’t happen again.”
“Thanks…” Sarah gave him a questioning look, but put her arm around the girl and started walking her back down the path. Matt watched her leave and then he turned to Aaron with blazing eyes.
“Are you out of your freaking mind?”
“… Ah…”
“Don’t speak.  Just listen…  First, she’s underage.  Second, Mr. Walker will fire you once he learns of this.  Are you nuts? What do you think you were doing?”
“Jesus, Matt. Calm down… Who do you think you are? My father?”
“Apparently you need someone to keep you from screwing up.  Listen to me… Don’t talk to her again.  Don’t look at her again.  Got it?”
“Yeah, sure. I got it, Dad…”
“Knock it off, Aaron.  You came on too strong obviously, but when a woman says no, it’s no.  Besides, she’s way too young…”
“Okay, okay.”
“And don’t mention this to anyone unless you want to lose your job.  Believe me, if you breathe her way again, I’ll tell Mr. Walker myself.”
Aaron strode angrily past Sarah coming back up the path.  He didn’t look at her, just huffed in anger as he went by. She walked up to Matt as he blew out an exasperated breath, and rubbed his forehead hard.
“You did good, cowboy…”
“Cowboy? Well, I guess that’s a step closer to my name, isn’t it?”
She smiled. “… You really handled that situation well. It’s obvious you care about people, about protecting people.  I don’t see that very often, and it was another brave thing that I’ve seen you do…”
“What kind of place is Baltimore that people don’t care about other people?” They’d started walking along the path in the trees again.
She shrugged.  “I’m sure there are many caring people.  Just not many that I know… My world is computers, a grumpy boss and politics. There’s not a lot of love there.”
She’d opened up a bit more to him.
“Tell me about your family.”  She gazed up at his soft eyes and took his hand.  He held his breath as she laced her fingers through his.  “Sarah…”
“I’m getting there… I’m getting there.  Breathe…”
He let out a breath and laughed.  “I’m ready for the story, ma’am.”
For the next hour, they walked and talked.  Sarah told him about her prominent, political family, their expectations and her dread of disappointing anyone.  He wanted to know whose life she was living – hers or theirs.
Matt asked questions and Sarah answered them.  By the time they’d almost walked their way back to camp, Matt thought he knew most of her troubles that had forced her to escape.  He knew her professional dilemma and her personal ones.  He marveled that she had the strength to come West all by herself, and he realized she was looking for a new life.  More importantly, he knew that she trusted him…
Before they were back at the campsite, Matt stopped and glanced at her soft hand that he was still holding. Then he looked into her lovely face.
“You seem pretty alone in your life…”
“… I have my friend, Abby, and…”
 “You know what you need, Sarah?”
“…What?” She grinned at him.  What a know-it-all… Though maybe a pretty cute know-it-all…
“You need to find a way to ride the river…”
“Ride the river?  Is that some kind of cowboy code?”
“… It means to find someone you can count on.  Someone who’ll be there for you.”
He watched her face as she turned that over.  She was thoughtful, would think things through…
“Riding the River… I like how that sounds.”  Sarah looked down at their entwined hands, then back up at his smiling face.  “I’ve never met anyone like you before…”
“…Matt.  I’ve never met anyone like you before, Matt.” 
“Wait for me… I’m a little slow.”  She blushed under his questioning gaze.
“I’ll wait…” His eyes seemed to be sketching her face.  “Do you know why you won’t say my name?”
“You’re just full of answers tonight, aren’t you?” 
“… Because once you do, that’ll be it…”
“What do you mean?” She knit her eyebrows in confusion.
He just smiled at her.  When she stifled a yawn, he laughed.  “Let’s go.  You’re tired and we have a big day tomorrow.  Did you get your tent up?”
“Yes, I just hope Richie’s not in it.”  That made them both chuckle as they walked happily back to camp.  Clasped hands swinging slightly between them…



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Sarah awoke before Tess the next morning.  She stretched, listened to Tess snore over in her bedroll and decided to get up.  Slipping on her clothes, she opened the tent flap to greet the new day.  And what a gorgeous morning it was… The sun was peeking up over the horizon throwing splashes of vivid yellows everywhere.
The other guests were still asleep as Sarah freshened up and made her way to the kitchen area.  She could hear Dale already working on breakfast.
“Mornin’, sweetie,” smiled Dale when he saw her walk up.  “How about some cowboy coffee?”
“Sounds great.” She took the mug of steaming coffee that he poured from a coffee pot on the stove.  Her first cup in the morning was always the best and this cowboy coffee was delicious – strong…  She took her first tentative sip.  “What’s for breakfast?”
“All right.  We’re going to have fruit, pancakes with syrup and sausage.  How does that sound?”
“Great. What should I do?”
“Come in here, get the sausage links and cook them in one of those pans.  I’ll do the pancakes.”
Soon, fragrant aromas of coffee, sausage frying and pancakes filled the air.  Guests began to move around, cowboys came in for their coffee.  When many people were eating at the picnic tables, Cooper walked over to brief them about the day’s activity.  After a few dusty days in the saddle, the stubble on his face was more pronounced.  He’d obviously quit shaving…
“Today we need to get about seventeen miles to the pasture where we’ll leave the herd.  We’ll be traveling between hills on a grassy area for most of the way – No mountainous areas like we had to deal with yesterday. Remember, everyone – Just keep ‘em movin’.”  He laughed and went over to the stove to refill his cup of coffee.  Then he walked up to Sarah and Tess, just finishing their breakfast.
“Mornin’, ladies.” He tipped his hat at them.
“Morning, Cooper,” they both said.
“Sarah, thanks for all the help you’ve been this trip.  Dale said you’ve helped prepare the lunches for us as well.”
“… Just trying to be useful.”
“You are that…Thanks.” And he left.
“Sarah,” began Tess.  “I don’t suppose I could ask another favor from you, since you’re being Miss Helpful and all…”
Sarah scrunched up her face at her. “I shudder to ask…”
“It’s just that… I’d kinda…”
“You’d kinda what?”
“I’d kinda like the tent to myself tonight.  Could you sleep out under the stars for one night?”
Sarah started laughing. “I don’t suppose that rascal Richie is going to keep you company instead of me?”
“… Maybe… Would you mind? Pretty please?” Tess’ face had a mock Help me look that made Sarah laugh harder.
“I guess I could move my bedroll out.” She thought about it. “Actually, it sounds nice.  The sky is black as ink at night with a whole lot of stars… It looks like someone came along with this big chest of bright, fluorescent lights and just started throwing them everywhere…” She’d been looking up at the sky while she was talking.  When she stopped, Tess looked at her curiously.
“You’re a romantic, Sarah.  Did you know that? That kind of imagery is lost on a computer nerd…”
They looked at each other and burst out laughing.  Sarah had been doing that a lot of this drive and it sure felt good…
After breakfast was over, everyone helped to break up camp. The cowboys folded chairs and got Dale’s kitchen equipment back into the trailer.  He drove off, waving as he left.  Guests took down their tents, rolled up their bedrolls and packed up their duffels with stray clothing.  Outside of an hour, guests and cowboys were saddled up and riding with the herd.  The day’s lunches packed in saddlebags.
The horses were content to poke along today, which was just fine with Sarah and Tess. They’d had trouble yesterday rounding up strays and hoped the herd would cooperate and stay together for once. One could always hope…
Sarah rode along watching the horses, but looking around at the landscape.  They rode between hills that were colored in light and dark green circles, after a recent rain.  One small hill backed up against a larger hill with the pale blue horizon in the background.  Way off in the distance, she could see the mountain range where they were heading. It was pleasant to just ride.  Thunder walked well, expertly avoiding uneven ground by the sagebrush, keeping an even tread. Sarah, Tess or one of the guests or cowboys would occasionally yell out, “Hey, Hey,” or “Git on,” or “Yup, yup” which seemed to encourage the herd to keep moving.  
She glanced around at the other guests.  Everyone had started off as greenhorns, as the cowboys would say, but were beginning to lay back and relax into their jobs.  She looked for the cowboys and saw Aaron glancing back at her.  Wonder how that’s going to go… She sincerely hoped there would be no more trouble with him.
Watching Matt, he was competent and graceful.  He set a horse like it was what he was born to do.  He moved between the horses in the herd, keeping them calm and moving.  Swinging his rope occasionally, she heard him whistle at them as well.  Matt was a real cowboy – and didn’t have a fake bone in his body.  Sarah was beginning to appreciate that…  What a man like Matt might have to offer her…
Tess broke her reverie.
“He’s pretty cute, huh?” She smiled at Sarah who was obviously staring at Matt.
“I think handsome is the better adjective here.”
“Really? I stand corrected.”
She looked over at her. “Do you think Richie’s cuter than Matt?”
“Parts of him are…”
Sarah pretended to be shocked.  “Oh, missy.  What a potty mouth you have.” Tess laughed at her, then her eyes lost their sparkle.
“There are a few reasons for my devil-may-care attitude, Sarah.”
“Uh-oh… This sounds serious.”
“It is…”
Sarah’s smile faded and she reached out to touch Tess’s arm.  “Sorry… Tell me what you want to say…”
Tess rode for a minute alongside Sarah and looked out at the hills. Then she focused on Sarah’s face and became quite serious.
“I was married for a few years, Sarah.”
“Okay…”
“We were happy for a while until we lost a child.”
Sarah’s eyes filled, as did Tess’.
“I’m so sorry, Tess.”
“It was horrible, the whole ordeal.  I hope nothing that bad ever happens to you.”
“… Then what happened?”
“Bobby and I couldn’t make it work after that. We both blamed each other for the lost of the child, but it was no one’s fault.  Mother nature, maybe…”
“So you split up?”
“Yes…”
“… How long ago?”
“Two years now.”
“Do you still think of him?”
“Bobby?” Sarah nodded.  “No, never… But I think often of the baby I lost.  It was a life changing experience.”
“So… that’s why the carefree attitude with Richie?”
“I think so.  I’m not sure.  I just know there’s no way a relationship would work out for me right now.”
“… But the sex is nice…” 
Tess and Sarah looked at each other and started laughing.
“Oh, yes… the sex is very nice. You should try some.”
“Maybe I will… sometime…”
Tess smirked. “I’m sure Matt would eagerly oblige, if you asked him sweetly.”
Sarah quickly shook her head.  “Not there yet, Tess.  Give me some time.”
“Don’t take too long, Sarah. Our time is up at the ranch in five days, counting today.”
“… I’ll keep that in mind,” frowned Sarah.
“Look lively, ladies,” called out Richie.  “There’s some strays to be rounded up over by you.”
Tess smiled at him, while Sarah rolled her eyes.  Then she reined in Thunder to turn him towards the strays.
“Come on, Tess.  Let’s get to work.”
They galloped off together to find those wayward horses and contemplate what had just been said.  As far as Sarah was concerned, everything in her life these days was life changing.  And that was all right…



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The day flew by… They were riding into camp and saw Dale’s truck and trailer.  He was probably hard at work setting up the kitchen area.  Sarah smiled just thinking about his crazy hair and all the pots and pans he’d have going at one time.
Second day of the horse drive and Sarah could feel it.  Two days in the saddle – Creaking joints and stiffening legs…  She dismounted and gave her horse to Frank to put with the others for the night.  Sarah stretched every limb and wearily moved her head around from side to side.  That helped a bit, as did walking around.
The cowboys finished putting the herd into its seasonal pasture and headed back to camp for a little rest, food and relaxation.  Sarah thought it felt good to have achieved the purpose of the drive.  
She’d gone back to help Dale get ready for the evening meal.  He was boasting that tonight’s meal was going to be the best yet – Bison chili, salad, black-eyed peas, Jalapeno cornbread and blueberry dump-cobbler for dessert. Sarah couldn’t believe the incredible meals Dale was able to fix out in the middle of nowhere.  She marveled at his cooking abilities and planned to continue learning from him --- She enjoyed cowboy cooking.
Dale was instructing her how to prepare the black-eyed peas as they worked together in the kitchen.
“Hey, Sarah.  Hang on a minute. I need to dump this dishwater and I’ll be right back.” He grabbed the big tub and headed out back by some rocks.  Sarah was mixing her ingredients and turned to watch him as he leaned over to pour the tub of water.  All of a sudden, she heard a rattling sound and Dale jumped back, holding onto his hand. She dropped what she was doing and ran out to him.
“Get back! There’s a snake over here…”
Sarah was frozen with fear for an instant. “What should I do?”
“Go get Cooper…”
Matt had come around the corner to see if Sarah needed any help just as she ran by. He grabbed her arm to stop her and saw the look of fear on her face.
“What’s wrong?”
“Dale was bitten by a snake out back.  I’m going for Cooper.”
“Go... I’ll stay with him until you get back.”
Sarah ran off and found Cooper with some of the cowboys.  After briefly explaining the situation, they all ran back with her to see about Dale.  Matt was keeping Dale calm by making him stay seated with his hand lower than his heart. He was talking softly to him when Cooper hurried up.
“Let’s take a look, Dale.” He looked at the puncture mark on Dale’s hand.
“Damn thing got me when I dropped the stupid tub and bent down to pick it up.”
“Rattler?”
“… Yeah…”
“Good work keeping him calm, Matt.  That’s the thing to do.”  Cooper looked around.  “Okay, I need a volunteer to take Dale to the clinic in Wells.  Who will drive him there?”
Cooper looked at Dale.  “Sorry, cookie, your days on the drive are officially over.”
“Damn, damn.” Dale immediately turned to Sarah. “Will you take over cooking for tonight and tomorrow, Sarah?”
When she visibly gulped, Matt stepped in. “We’ll help her, don’t worry, Dale. Just get going.”
Aaron volunteered to drive Dale to the clinic and he had started up the truck.
“Sarah, get what you can out for dinner and tomorrow’s meals.  Matt, give her a hand,” instructed Cooper.
Sarah and Matt walked quickly over to the kitchen area and started stocking a cooler with food that would keep for meals.  Matt got breakfast foods together, while Sarah found sandwich makings for lunch.  For dinner tonight, they found various breads that Dale had already made, some vegetables and fruit.
As they pulled foods together quickly, Sarah looked over at Matt.
“So you don’t cut the wound and suck out the venom?”
Matt laughed.  “Nope.  Only in the movies…”
“You don’t do anything for him?”
“He’s got to get some anti venom serum, which we don’t usually bring with us on horse drives.  That was a freak accident that he and the snake were together at the same time. Probably scared the both of them.”
“So that’s why he needs to go to the clinic?”
“Yes, he needs medical attention as soon as possible. The best thing to do for him right now is to keep him calm. A fast heart rate will speed up the circulation of the venom.”
She smiled at him in the midst of their rush. “You’re pretty calm in a crisis, aren’t you?”
He smiled back at her.  “I’ve been through a few – Maybe I’ll tell you about them sometime…”
Just then Aaron honked the horn.  Frank and Richie had gotten Dale in the truck and he was ready to go.  Cooper yelled over at Matt.
“Got enough for a few meals?”
“Yep. We’re good… Take off.”
Aaron drove the truck out of the camp area taking all their kitchen equipment and the rest of the food with them.  Cooper turned to look at the scared, assembled guests watching Dale go.
“It’ll be fine, folks.  Aaron can get him there in a few hours which will be plenty of time to fix Dale up.” Then he looked over at Sarah.
“What are you going to do for dinner?” It was interesting to Matt how quickly Sarah had become indispensible to the horse drive, but it didn’t surprise him.
“Well, he had a great menu for us tonight, which I can only do part of.  I think we’re going to need some meat because I can’t do the chili.” She thought a minute.  “How about fish?  Can we have some people go fishing?”
Cooper laughed.  “Exactly what a camping trip needs – Fish… We’re on it for you and we’ll grill over the campfire.” He turned to Matt. “Help her out in the kitchen, would you, Matt?” He winked at him and left.
Matt turned to Sarah.  “So what is for dinner?” He almost laughed at the expression on her face --You’re asking me?
“…Um…” She actually wrung her hands for a minute.
“…Hey…” He reached out to grab her hands before she twisted them into pretzels.  “I’m here to help.  What do you need?”
Sarah took a breath, looked at him and nodded. “Okay. I’ve almost finished the black-eyed peas and the salad is not hard.  I’ve nothing to cook the cornbread in, but we found some breads he already prepared that we can use.” She took a bigger breath. “We don’t have an entrée.  Fish would be great.”
“Have you cooked fish before?”
“Yes… I live in Baltimore, remember?”
“Oh, yeah, I forgot…” He smiled at her.  “But have you gutted them before?”
“Actually, yes again… So there…”
“Sarah…”
She looked at him sternly. “Grab a few fishing buddies and get me some fish – What kind do we have here?”
“Trout…”
“Hop to it…”

It was amazing how everyone pulled together in the crisis.  Matt and Richie got every fishing rod available and had people fishing up and down the stream.  They spread out quite a ways and enjoyed the heck out of it.  People were laughing and talking, enjoying the activity as much as the day.  The nets were passed around and soon quite a few fish were heading to the back of the kitchen area for cleaning.
Sarah and Tess manned the kitchen with some help from the giggling teenage girls.  Sarah glanced at the one she and Matt had rescued last night to see how she was doing.  Apparently, she was thrilled that Aaron had left and was cheerfully helping set the picnic tables with plates, cups and utensils.
A few other women were cleaning pots and bowls as Tess and Sarah finished with them.  The guys did all the gutting and soon skewers of fish and vegetables were grilling over the open campfire.  The aromas from both the fish and the fire made one’s mouth water… Others made sure the campfire stayed going.  It was a real team effort…
Dinner that night was nothing short of spectacular.  Everyone had pulled their weight to make it come out right.  The grilled trout was mouthwatering with salad, black-eyed peas, bread and fruit.  Sarah wasn’t able to bring about the blueberry cobbler, but it was the best they could do.  It was still enjoyable…
Cooper stood up for a toast near the end of the meal.
“Whew… This has been one exciting day.”  He looked around at all the heads nodding and agreeing with him.
“Right you are, Cooper,” yelled Frank.
“I want to thank you all for pitching in and helping with tonight’s meal.  Give yourselves a round of applause…” The guests and cowboys looked around laughing and clapping.
“… But I want to single out Sarah for her willingness to step in and organize it all.  Groups need leaders and she did a fine job.” He raised his coffee cup up in the air.  “To Sarah…”
Everyone raised a cup or glass to toast Sarah, who had blushed five shades of red from all the attention.  Matt, sitting beside her, beamed as he joined the toast.  People now accepted that they were probably together, or would be soon.  It seemed natural and they were a good fit.  Guests smiled at him as much as her.
After dinner and cleanup, Sarah found a bag of marshmallows and suggested a roast over the campfire.  That sent people scurrying around looking for sticks to roast their marshmallows with.  
“Can’t do s’mores,” she said.  “… Don’t have all the ingredients.”
“Never mind,” laughed Richie, “this will do just fine and be fun.”
After a colorful twilight of pinks and oranges, the sun finally set leaving a black, black night.  The cowboys pulled out guitars and began singing songs that everyone knew.  Between the marshmallow roast and the sing-along, people had a good time.
Soon a few got up to find their bedrolls or put up their tents.  It was harder to put up the tents at night than it would have been earlier, but they shrugged, laughed and got it done.  Cooper bid everyone a good night and went to find his bedroll.  Tess looked over at Sarah, raised an eyebrow and then she and Richie left for their tent.  Sarah smiled and shook her head.
Moonlight was reflecting off the water in the stream.  Matt was setting up his bedroll over there and beckoned Sarah to join him.  They were apart from the others when Sarah brought over her bedroll.
“Guess I’m sleeping in my clothes tonight,” she laughed.
“It’s only for one more day.  Can you hang in there?” asked Matt.
“Sure…”
“So you let Richie take your place in the tent tonight?”
“Yup… Seemed like the thing to do.”
Sarah lay down on her side and propped her head up with an elbow resting on the ground.  She took a deep breath and watched Matt.  He was spreading out his bedroll by her, not too close, but close enough to see her face well. What a handsome guy… all that black hair… dark eyes… She sighed without realizing it.  He turned to her.
“… You okay?”
She laughed at that. “Yes, I’m fine.  Just a little tired.”
“I’m not surprised with the effort you made today.”
“Don’t make too much of it…”
“You did good, cowgirl…”
That got her grinning.  “You did pretty well yourself, cowboy.  You kept Dale calm, which was important.”
“Yeah…He’ll be fine.” He gazed at her blonde hair, falling around her face -- Her ponytail long forgotten….  What a pretty girl, blue eyes that looked right through him…
“Oh…”
“What?”
“… It’s nothing…”
“It must be something. Tell me…”
“Okay. My toothbrush is in the tent and there’s no way I’m going back to ask for it.”
Matt laughed.  “Want to use mine?”
She scrunched up her nose. “Eeewww… Cooties…”
“That’s what Richie said you had when we danced together the first night you were here.”
“Cooties?  How did I have cooties?”
“We were dancing pretty far away from each other…” She laughed.
“I get it…”
“…So?  Do you want to use my toothbrush?”
“Have you used it tonight yet?”
“No… You can use it first.” 
He reached into his saddlebag and took out the toothbrush and a bottle of water.
“Sorry. I used all my toothpaste last night.”
She smiled and took the brush and water.  Leaning over into the grass, Sarah brushed her teeth.
“I think this is a real first for me,” grinned Matt.
She rolled her eyes. “I’m sure it’s such a thrill.” She spit out the water and rinsed with a sip from the water bottle.
Then it was Matt’s turn.  He was brushing away and she started laughing.
“What?” He rinsed and spit.
“This just reminded me of something a lady said on the airplane flying to Nevada.  We’d been talking about Western movies and she remarked that she liked Robert Redford so much, she’d watch him brush his teeth.”
“So I remind you of Robert Redford?” He set down the water bottle.
“Oh, Heavens, no… You’re the spitting image of…” She stopped and closed her mouth. She’d spoken before thinking.
“… Finish it. I’m the spitting image of…”
Sarah kept her mouth closed and shook her head.  “This is mildly embarrassing.”
“Let me guess… A movie star, right?”
“Yes…”
“Johnny Depp?”
“Not even close…”
“… Ah…Kevin Costner?”
“She shook her head.
“…Robert Downey?”
“Nope.”
“I’m out of ideas.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“You’ve got to reach way back for this guy.  I’ll give you a hint – 1958, ‘Big Country’…
“I think I missed that one.”
Suddenly, Sarah’s face radiated a glow that took Matt’s breath away.  She had the biggest smile ever on her face and he couldn’t wait to hear this.
“Want me to tell you?”
“Yes…”

“He’s my all-time favorite movie star and such a handsome guy – Gregory Peck.”  She stopped, blushed deeply and looked down at the ground.
He laughed at her.  “Sarah, you just gave yourself away. I think I’ve got your number now.”
She lay on her side pretending to look aloof.  “Oh, really…”
Matt lay back and his hands cradled his head.  “Look at the stars tonight. Have you ever seen anything more beautiful?”
Yes, you, she thought as she gazed at his handsome profile.  His eyes were as dark as the night and took in everything around him, especially her.
“What do you want from me?” she whispered.
He turned his head to look into her eyes.  Was she scared? Nervous? Excited? He couldn’t tell.  Matt got up to pull one end of the bedroll over her for a cover. Sarah watched his every move…  When he was satisfied that she was warm enough, he lay back on his bedroll and covered up as well.  She thought he’d forgotten the question.
Matt turned on his side to gaze directly into Sarah’s questioning eyes.  His own eyes softened as he drank her in and he knew… He just knew…
“Everything…” he whispered back at her.  Then he closed his eyes.
Sarah knew it too.  She smiled at him, reached out to touch his face and then burrowed down into her sleeping bag. She fell asleep quickly.  Matt touched his own face where her soft hand had been. He fell asleep smiling and dreamed of horses, green meadows and a pretty girl with a horseshoe.



CHAPTER NINETEEN

When Sarah awoke the next morning, there were wildflowers in a pretty bouquet by her bedroll.  She yawned, stretched and took a deep breath of fresh air before she noticed them.  Picking them up, it made her smile and blush that he would do such a sweet thing.
Matt’s bedroll was empty, so he was up already and doing whatever cowboys did first thing in the morning.  She was hoping she could get a fresh shirt from the tent before going in to start breakfast.  A quick glance at the closed tent told her she’d better wait a while, until the occupants were up and out of there.
She went into their makeshift kitchen area, which was severely depleted now that Dale was gone.  Coffee would be campfire coffee and that was fine… Sarah got to work putting together what breakfast she could.  She’d grabbed a few boxes of cereal when they were hurriedly picking things to stay behind when Dale left.  There was milk and fruit.  Nothing was left from last night’s excellent fish dinner, so breakfast would be sparse.  By the time other guests had roused and were moving around, Sarah had the coffee hot and breakfast was assembled on a picnic table.  They could come get what they wanted.
“Hey, Sarah,” Richie called out to her while crossing the campsite.
She raised an eyebrow at him. “I need to get a clean shirt and my hairbrush, Richie.”
He had the good grace to blush, before giving her a big grin.
“Thanks for last night.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Your night out in the open couldn’t have been too bad, however.”  He smiled at her.  “Didn’t I see you and Matt getting cozy over by the stream?”
It was Sarah’s turn to blush.
“Breakfast is on the table.” She laughed and started for the tent and her clean shirt.
By the time she got there, Tess was moving around and changing clothes.  Sarah opened the flap and peered in.
“Have a good night?”
“Yes… Thanks to you.  There’s definitely something sexy about cowboys,” Tess purred.
“Could it be the sex?”
“… Can’t be beat, Sarah.”
Sarah laughed while changing into her clean shirt.  “Come on. You need to help me make the lunch sandwiches.” She found her hairbrush and got her hair smoothed back into a ponytail.
“What’ll we do about dinner tonight?”
“I’m hoping like crazy that we’ll make it back to the ranch tonight.  Otherwise, it’s fish and wild berries.”
“There’s nothing left?”
“Not lots, but I suppose we could make the fruit and bread stretch.  It’s hard to be creative with food when you don’t have much to work with.”
“You’ll make it work, I’m sure.”
They went off together to get sandwiches made for lunch.  All the foodstuffs left now had to be packed in saddlebags on their horses.  It was going to severely limit their dining experience for the evening.

It was the third day of the horse drive and everyone was getting sore and tired.  It was hard riding fifteen to twenty miles a day in the saddle.  They didn’t have to chase the strays any longer or keep the herd moving, but somehow they didn’t seem to go much faster than they had with the herd.  
The terrain could be difficult.  Climbing up the side of one small mountain, there was another hill to go over before the rolling valley finally came into view. People had definitely grouped by now… The cowboys generally hung out together, the teenage girls were a group, several of the other guests stayed together and Cooper was by himself.  Richie, Tess, Matt and Sarah made up the last group.  They rode together for most of the day back to the ranch.
Before the break for lunch, Sarah and Matt were riding off by themselves. She hadn’t had a chance to talk to him alone today.
“Hey…”
“Hey yourself…”
“Thanks for the flowers. They were lovely…and my first.”  Sarah tipped her cowboy hat at him, which made him laugh.
“… Oh, come on, cowgirl.  A man’s never given you flowers before?”
“No…”
“Really?”
She shook her head.  “Honestly…”
“Look, Sarah, I really don’t mean to pry, but…”
“… But what?”
“I thought you had a boyfriend in Baltimore.”
“Well, yes, I had one, but I broke up with him before the trip.”
“Wait a minute…  First, I want to know why he never gave you flowers.”
“Ben’s not a romantic guy.  He’s a lawyer and a numbers person– political. Grandfather loves him.”
“Okay, now the next part. Why did you break up with him?”
“…Apparently, you haven’t been listening.  He’s an unromantic lawyer who would never have left me a pretty bouquet of wildflowers…”
“Did you love him?”
She thought about that for a minute.
“I might have thought so early on, but I called him my absentee boyfriend for a reason.  I never saw him… It was a strange relationship.”
Matt shook his head. “I’d think so, if you never saw him.  What a waste…”
She knit her brows.  “What was a waste?”
Matt gave her a leisurely look from her feet to the top of her head.  By the time he reached her face, she had blushed scarlet.
“To have you and not want to spend any time with you.  The guy was seriously nuts…”
“I like to think so.”

The lunch break came and went, and with it went many good moods.  A quick look at the sky told everyone the same story – a storm was coming and fast… Cooper rode up to speak with Matt and Richie.
“We’ve got the river coming up and we’d better make it across, if we want to get home tonight.  What do you think?”
Richie looked up at the darkening sky as Matt shook his head.
“…Dunno, Cooper.  It doesn’t look good. Maybe we should camp on this side for the night and wait the storm out.  That river could get fast in a hurry.”
Cooper took off his hat and ran a hand through his graying hair.
“I don’t like the looks of the weather, but we’re almost out of food too.  I’m thinking we should make a run for it…”
“Our guests would probably prefer to starve than drown,” added Richie.  Cooper gave him a sour look.
“We’re going to go for it,” he decided.  “Get your group ready to make a fast crossing.  I’ll tell the others…”
Cooper turned his horse away from them and rode quickly over to the rest of the guests and cowboys.  Sarah and Tess had questioning looks for Matt and Richie who rode back to them wearing very serious looks.
“What’s up?” asked Sarah.
“The river’s ahead and Cooper wants to cross it tonight,” said Richie.
“But the problem is that the river could get nasty pretty fast with this storm about to hit,” added Matt.
As soon as he said that, lightning streaked across the sky.  A few minutes later, the sound of thunder boomed overhead, spooking horses and riders.  
Matt reached into his saddlebag. “Everyone get on your ponchos. The rain will be coming pretty quickly now.”  As soon as they all got on their rain ponchos, the rain started falling fast and hard.
“Yow,” grimaced Tess.  “I didn’t know that rain could hurt.”
“Pull up your hoods,” yelled Matt.  He reached over to pull Sarah’s up for her.  “Let’s go…”
Everyone started riding towards the river.  The wind was blowing trees around and bushes back.  A huge darkness came over them as the sky took on a menacing look. With the constant rain, the ground beneath the horses became slick and slippery.  The horses were struggling to go forward.
Suddenly lightning struck a tree close by Sarah, splitting it in half.  Sparks flew… Part of the tree starting falling her way – Her frightened horse snorted and whinnied, but moved quickly out of the way.  It happened so fast that all Matt could do was watch as Sarah’s horse pulled her to safety.  They looked at each other in fear…
Cooper’s group was in the river now, about halfway across.  The water was moving faster with the wind blowing it and rising fast with all the rain coming down.  Matt rode down the bank first to make sure it was still all right to travel.  He motioned for Richie, Tess and Sarah to follow.  They went down the bank single file, while Matt’s horse cautiously stepped into the water.
As they moved in deeper, the horses continued to struggle with the water rising on them.  Everyone was in the river now and their legs dangled in the water.  The horses kept moving…
Cooper’s group had made it to the other side of the river, when all of a sudden, Tess slipped out of her saddle.  Sarah saw her begin to slide and reached over to grab her.  Both Tess and Sarah fell into the river…  Their horses struggled forward without them.
Matt had seen them both fall out of their saddles and had grabbed his rope.  He started swinging it overhead and lassoed both Tess and Sarah on his first try. Then he tied the rope to the pommel of his saddle.  Richie saw the whole thing as well and trudged back to Matt’s horse to steady him.  Matt plunged into the water to grab both girls and hold them, as Richie walked Matt’s horse back to shore, the way they came…
It was slow going with the rising river and its quickening pace.  Tess and Sarah’s heads dipped in and out of the water time and again, scaring Matt.  The freezing cold river with its loud roar showed no mercy as they all struggled in their long journey.  
Finally, Matt dragged them both onto the shore.  Everyone was soaking wet, freezing and looked half drowned.  Tess and Sarah were coughing and spitting out water and looking pretty bedraggled – Matt and Richie looked relieved.  Richie waved at Cooper on the other side to let him know they’d made it to the bank.  Cooper waved back…
“Okay, Richie.  Get that tent out,” yelled Matt as he tied up his horse.  Richie nodded and soon they had the tent put together. Luckily, it had a floor to it and the inside was still dry.  Matt and Richie got the girls into the tent and Matt yelled for them to strip out of their wet clothes.
“Get your second set of clothes, Richie.” Both Richie and Matt grabbed their dry shirts and jeans out of their saddlebags and threw them inside the tent for Tess and Sarah to wear.  They unhooked their bedrolls and threw them inside the tent as well.  Then they waited in the pouring rain while the girls changed and dried off a bit. 
Tess was still crying and Sarah was patting her on the back when the guys opened the tent flap and came in.  They dropped their soaking ponchos outside.  Matt looked at Sarah wearing his clothes and grinned. She gave him a stern look.
“What’s so funny? We nearly drowned.”
“Yes, but you didn’t, and you look cute in my jeans and shirt.”
“… You’re soaked too,” said Sarah.
“Yeah, but I’ll just take off my jeans when we go to bed.”
Richie went over to comfort Tess who was hiccupping now, more than crying.  Matt went to Sarah and spread out the bedroll by her feet.
“Are you all right?”
She nodded. “Yes, thanks to you… That was easily the scariest thing that’s ever happened to me.” He saw the uncertainty in her eyes.
Matt sat on the bedroll and pulled Sarah down by him.
“Get comfortable. That storm isn’t going to let up for a while.” He glanced over at Richie. “Let’s get some sleep, if we can.”
Richie nodded and got Tess comfortable in his bedroll on the other side of the tent. Soon they had snuggled up together and were whispering.
Matt and Sarah looked at one another and started to smile.
“Let me get in first. I need to get rid of these wet jeans.”  So he got in the bedroll and did just that. He threw them in a corner. “Get in, Sarah.”
She didn’t hesitate a second. Sarah crawled in the bedroll with Matt and they stretched out together.  Matt pulled her close.
“Lay back against my chest – I’ll keep you warm.”
“I was so afraid, Matt,” she whispered.
“… Shh, honey. You’re okay now.  Just relax against me -- I’ve got you.”
“… Thank God for that…” 
With his arms wrapped around her, Sarah’s eyes finally began to droop and her body relaxed.  Matt kissed her hair and shoulders.
“You called me Matt,” he whispered, smiling.
“Yes,” she said as she drifted sleepily.  “That’s your name, right?”
Soon all four of them fell asleep with the steady staccato of the rain beating down on the tent.



CHAPTER TWENTY

Next morning, Tess and Richie woke up first and got out of their bedroll.  They glanced over at Matt and Sarah cuddled up together, Sarah wrapped in Matt’s arms, both of them sound asleep.
“About damn time…” whispered Tess.  Richie grinned at her.
They tiptoed out of the tent leaving Matt and Sarah alone.  About ten minutes later, Matt woke up thrilled to find Sarah still in his arms.  Neither of them had moved all night.
He kissed her ear.  “Sleepyhead, wake up…”
Sarah woke and stretched deliciously.  She turned around in his arms so they were face-to-face, inches apart.
“That’s hands down the best night’s sleep I’ve ever had.” She smiled at him.
“With the rain beating a drum on the tent?”
“Yes…”
“After a narrow escape from drowning?”
She nodded.
 “… And me with a wet shirt plastered against you?”
“It was wonderful.”  She grabbed the lapels of his shirt.  “Now shut up and kiss me…”
She didn’t have to tell him twice…
He closed his eyes and placed his lips on hers.  His lips were moist, firm…and brushed her lips again and again.  Soon her soft lips parted and the kiss became serious.  His warm arm slid around her waist – The heat and comfort of his arms around her felt like a blanket.
Had she ever been kissed like this? No way… There was no thinking allowed, only raw sensation.  Her fingers knotted in his hair as his hands ran freely along her back and sides.  She shivered, not with cold, but with desire.  Matt broke off the kiss to move her onto her side – His mouth then claimed hers for another hungry kiss.  They were ready for the next step when…
“Knock, knock,” called out Richie. “Hey, you two awake in there?”
“It stopped raining,” added Tess.  “We need to get going.”
Matt reluctantly lifted his lips off Sarah’s sweet ones.  He pulled back from her and grinned. “… Rain check, miss?”
“Absolutely, cowboy…” she smiled back at him.
He gave her a last lingering kiss and then sat up.  Matt stood and helped Sarah to her feet, then grabbed his still wet jeans to put on.  They would have to do.  Everything was still wet from that rain last night.

Richie and Matt took down the tent, folded it and hung it off the back of Richie’s horse.  Sarah and Tess had tried to smooth down their bed-smashed hair with little luck. It had dried somewhat while they were sleeping and looked peculiar. Sarah redid her ponytail and was still working on Tess’ hair when Matt called to them.
“Let’s get going, ladies. We still have that river to cross.”
Sarah shuddered at the thought and gave Tess a wide-eyed stare.  Tess laughed at her.
“Come on. We’ve made it this far.”
With that, Matt pulled Sarah up behind him on his horse, while Richie did the same with Tess.  Soon both pairs were ready on the horses and started down the riverbank once again.
Matt kept one hand on the reins to guide the horse and the other he kept on Sarah behind him.  Not only did he want to keep her from falling off, he just wanted to touch her – a constant reminder that she was with him.  He was long past the point of not wanting to be involved, and she was becoming precious to him.  They’d just experienced their first kiss and yet he felt rock-solid about her.  Matt knew she felt that way about him too.  After all, hadn’t she just said his name at long last?  These happy thoughts helped him to carefully guide his horse through the river. He just wanted to be with her, so he held on a little tighter.
Behind Matt, Sarah had put her arms around his waist and was holding on for dear life.  As he would probably say, it wasn’t that big a step to know their relationship had crossed a threshold into intimacy – And apparently, it was consensual, a place they both wanted to go.  She was so far from her Baltimore self that she was barely recognizable – What would her father say?  Here she was riding on the back of a horse through a river with a cowboy she was falling for… Or had already fallen for… And she loved it… Matt didn’t like big cities -- He was buying a ranch here.  Would he ask her to stay with him?  Could she live in a remote corner of Nevada after having lived in a busy city all her life?  Sarah knew, as well as she knew anything that she would go anywhere Matt wanted to go. She just wanted to be with him, so she held on a little tighter…

Both Matt and Richie made it safely through the river onto the other side, where Cooper was waiting with Sarah and Tess’ horses.
“Have a nice ride?” smiled Cooper.
“Yes, sir,” said Matt.  He was unwilling to let go of Sarah behind him.
“Sarah, we only have a few miles left back to the ranch.  Do you want to ride your horse back or stay with Matt?”
She didn’t hesitate. “… Stay with Matt.”
He chuckled. “I thought so.” Then he looked over at Richie and Tess. “Tess?”
She shook her head while Richie grinned.
“All right, folks.  Let’s get back.” He kept their horses tied to his horse and they followed along behind.
As they rode back together, Cooper told them about Dale.
“After I got the group back to the ranch, I found Dale to see how he was doing.”
“How is he?” asked Sarah.
“Feisty… I told him how well you did with what food we had left and he couldn’t stop going on and on about you.”
“Well, he’s just being nice.”
“… No, it’s more than that.  Did Dale ask you to be his assistant?”
Matt twisted around in his saddle to look at Sarah.
“What’s this? You’re going to work at the ranch?”
She blushed.  “Yeah, I kinda forgot to mention that, didn’t I?”
Matt turned back around smiling.
“I can tell you,” said Cooper. “Dale has been badgering her to stay on with us and he talked Mr. Walker into it.”
Sarah blinked. “Mr. Walker said okay?”
“That he did.  You’ve got yourself an assistant cook position, if you want it…  Do you want to leave Baltimore?”
Four pairs of eyes drilled into Sarah.  Matt was looking ahead, but he might as well have been staring at her too.  She screwed up her courage, straightened her back and told them how she felt.
“I’ve wanted to leave Baltimore for a long time. It’s never been a good fit for me and I think this is.  I…I want to give it a try.”
She could feel all the tension leave Matt’s body as she said that.  He must have known she meant it for him as well – That she wanted to stay with him.  She just hadn’t told him yet and that was a subject for a more private chat.
Tess looked at her and smiled. “Good for you.  That means I’ll have a place to stay when I come back to visit.”
It was Richie’s turn to twist around in his saddle.  “You want to come back to visit?”
She shrugged. “Maybe.  If anyone here wants to see me…” Then she gave him a big smile.  “Of course, Phoenix is a good place to visit too.”
Richie raised an eyebrow and turned back around.  Matt looked over to smile at Tess, as did Sarah.  Cooper gave her a bland look.
“If you’re coming to visit, we might have to put you to work too.  No free rides, you know.”
####

Seeing the ranch at last was a welcome sight.  It had been quite an eventful horse drive… Sarah knew it had been life changing for her and an extraordinary experience – One she’d never, ever forget…
That first day back was easy with no expectations.  She helped Dale out at lunch.  They laughed easily about the snakebite – scary though it had been– and discussed recipes for the longest time.  They also discussed what her new job would entail.  Dale raised his eyebrows when he asked where she was going to live.  Sarah just shrugged her shoulders.
She decided to take off for a ride before dinner.  She hadn’t seen much of Matt as he had lots to do in his job since he’d come back.  In the barn, she found her faithful horse, Thunder, got Frank to help get him saddled, and took off for that pretty meadow that she loved so much, not far from the ranch house.
Once she and Thunder got to that same stream, she dismounted to let him drink and graze a bit.  Sarah shielded her eyes to look up in the sky.  A hawk was gliding easily through the currents, looking here and there for his prey.  She thought she recognized the hoot of an owl and listened to the water float lazily down the stream.  The hills in the far landscape collided with the mountain range behind them to stretch up into that blue, blue sky.  It was a sight she could get used to…
Sarah yawned, took out her horseshoe from her saddlebag and lay down in the wildflowers by Thunder.  She’d have to thank Dan again for that horseshoe because it had definitely brought her luck… Taking off her hat and placing it over her eyes, Sarah felt the downward pull of her eyelids.  It was just too delicious…
And she was out, faster than she could say Gregory Peck.
Matt had been looking for her and Frank told him she’d taken off on Thunder.  He knew just where she was going… He saddled up and rode off toward the meadow. Finding her in the exact spot where he knew she’d be, he rode up, dismounted and let his horse drink by Thunder.  Matt quietly sat down by Sarah and just gazed admiringly at her.
When he’d found her asleep in the meadow the first time, he knew she belonged here.  Maybe she hadn’t known it yet, but he had.  So much had happened since then… And he was thrilled with how far they’d come.
Sarah reached inside the cowboy hat to scratch her nose.  It fell off her lovely face.  Matt picked a blade of grass to tickle her nose.  She scratched at it again… He tickled her once more… Her eyes blinked open and she saw him there.
Sarah’s smile spread wide across her face.  “Haven’t we been here before?”
“Yes, ma’am, but you were mad at me then.”
“What makes you think I’m not mad at you now?”
“Because,” he leaned down close with those sexy, dark eyes, “you know I’m going to kiss you…”
She pouted. “Maybe I don’t want you to…”
Matt ran a hand through her pretty, blonde hair and stopped to caress her cheek. “… You don’t want me to kiss you?”
She sighed. “…I do… I really do.” She reached over to bring his face closer and then they were kissing. It was more familiar this time as he wrapped his arms around her.  They lay on the soft ground with white and blue wildflowers around them, and it was comfortable, easy.  It was where they both wanted to be.  He took another step and let his tongue tease hers.  She sighed again and pulses began to race.  But he pulled back before the next step was a step too far.
She protested when he broke off their kiss.  It had been a mind-blowing one, sending her senses into orbit.
“Matt?” She looked up him curiously while tenderly touching his face.  His breath was as uneven as hers.  He grabbed her hand and brought it up to his lips for a kiss.  “Why did we stop?”
“… Honey, this isn’t the place for what we have in mind.  How about tonight? Will you stay with me in my cabin out back?”
“Yes,” she smiled.
“I love it when you say my name.”
“Yes, Matt…”  
He kissed her longingly again.  When she opened her eyes, he was gazing adoringly at her.
“What did you mean before about being it?”
“When you said my name?”
“Yes.  You said ‘when I say your name, that’ll be it’.”
He looked into her beautiful blue eyes.  Matt was holding the girl he loved and he hadn’t even told her yet.
“I think you know, don’t you?”
She blushed.  “Maybe we can discuss it tonight, in your cabin.”
“Okay, although I hadn’t planned on a lot of conversation.  I’ll probably be tired and want to go to bed early.”
“Really? That so?”
“… Uh-huh…”
“I’ll probably be tired too.  Would it be all right if I slept over?”
“Yes, please. I might even let you borrow my toothbrush again.” 
Matt kissed her eyes, her nose, cheeks and along her jaw.  When he started kissing down her throat, she was breathing unevenly again and pushed him away. 
“Listen, cowboy.  If this is going nowhere, we’d best pack it in for now.”
He laughed. “You’re right.” Matt helped her to her feet.  “Later?”
“…Absolutely.” 
It was too good to pass up… He pulled her into his arms while they were standing there.  He held her tight, while she listened to his heartbeat – It seemed rapid, so she guessed he was excited. She smelled that subtle aftershave again and he inhaled the fresh scent of her hair.
“Damn… This is as wonderful as I dreamed it was going to be.”
She twisted around to look up into his handsome face. “You dreamed about me?”
“Yes, honey… And often… I got lots of kidding from Richie.”
“Richie?”
“I said your name in my sleep one time when he was around and he wouldn’t let me forget it.”
She beamed.  He bent down to pick up her hat.
“Here… You’ll need this.” Matt glanced down again and saw the horseshoe.  He picked it up too and handed it to her. She stuffed it into her saddlebag.
“It did bring me luck, you know.”
“I know it did, for both of us.”
They stood there staring at each other… ‘I love you’ right there at the tip of their tongues.
 “… We have a lot to discuss…”
He kissed her again.  “I know…”
She stood there in his welcome arms wondering how life would get any better.  He stood there happily holding on tight to the girl of his dreams.  Matt didn’t want to let her go…
“… I probably need to get back… To help Dale.”
“Okay.” Matt kissed the top of her head, but when she pulled back, he couldn’t resist tilting up her chin for a last, sexy kiss.
“Another one of those and we’ll never get out of this meadow.”
Matt laughed.  “You’re right. Let’s go.”
This time he helped her up on her horse and she didn’t mind.  What was important to Sarah now was Matt’s touch.  It made her feel happy, playful, calm. She wanted him around her  – She knew he felt the same.
They rode back to the barn to leave the horses and then walked over to the ranch house and into the kitchen to hear Dale complain.
“Well, you two certainly took your time.  Did you get lost in the meadow?”
Dale looked at Sarah with mock scolding eyes.
She blushed and glanced at Matt who was blushing too.
“Go along with you, Matt.  Sarah and I have work to do.”
“See you later.”  He gave her a long look and let go of her hand.  
She smiled at him. “You will, cowboy.”
After Matt had left, Dale let out a big laugh.  “You must have had a great horse drive…  You two are getting along splendidly.”
“Thanks.  We did have a great drive. But the way back was a bit hairy with the sudden storm and getting caught in the river.”
“I bet you made the most out of being caught on the other side for the night though.  Hmmm?”
Sarah rolled her eyes at him.  “Can we start getting dinner going or aren’t you done interrogating me?”
Dale laughed. “I’m done – for now…”



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Dale finally got that bison chili made for dinner and it was good… Exceptionally good…  He cooked it in two large Dutch ovens with peppers, black beans, tomatoes and lots of spices.  Women guests, in particular, were impressed that bison had so few calories.  He made tons, but it disappeared quickly once the low calorie word was out…
He’d showed Sarah how to make jalapeno cornbread muffins that were also incredibly good, and disappeared as quickly as Sarah could put them out on the table.  It seemed like all the guests had ravenous appetites tonight, so she and Dale had to keep bringing seconds and thirds out to the buffet table.  But it was enjoyable and everyone was in such a good mood.  Lots of conversation about how great the horse drive had been and what they’d do for the few days left at the ranch.  
Mr. Walker had posted a list of activities out by the registration desk and then walked back into the kitchen to have a word with Sarah.  She and Dale were cleaning pots and pans.
“Sure about this, miss? It’s a lot of work and Dale’s a real taskmaster…”
“I’m sure, Mr. Walker. Dale’s great to work with.”
He cocked an eyebrow over at Dale when he heard that.  “Hmmm… Hard to believe… He’s always been such a crusty old coot.  Maybe he likes you.”  A slow smile started on his face and he turned to go.  “We’ll talk salary tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir.” Sarah smiled at him and then glanced over at Dale.
“… Crusty old coot?”
“Yeah, well.  Not everyone sees my sweet side…”
“…Aha…” She laughed at him.
Dale’s eyes widened. “Wait a minute.  What about that online business you’d wanted to start.  Where’s that going?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “It’s not high on my radar right now, Dale.  I’ll get around to it when I have more time to figure it out.”
“…But right now you’re figuring out Matt, aren’t you?”  Her eyes gave her away.  She put away a dried pan and picked up a wet one.  When she looked up at him, her eyes were bright and excited.  “I get the picture.”
“I hope so because the picture is sooo good…” She started laughing.
“What’s the joke?”
“That’s something Tess said about… never mind.” She continued smiling and finished drying the pans. When they’d finished, Dale took the towel from her hand.
“Get out of here, Sarah. There’s a dance tonight to celebrate the successful horse drive.  Make sure you dance with him.  Don’t run off like you did the last time…”
Her eyes popped wide. “You saw that?”
“Yes, I was watching you to see how you’d do.”
“How’d I do?”
“… Rotten, but you can make it up to him.  Go get him…”
She smiled shyly. “I think I’ve already got him.”
“Better yet…” She turned to leave.  “And Sarah?”
“Yes?”
“It’s wonderful that he has you too.”  Her smile went to high beams.
“I love all you Western therapists…”

Sarah left the kitchen and went back to her room to change clothes.  She wanted to wear that cute fringe skirt with matching vest that she’d worn at the last dance.  It was darling and she loved the feel of the fringe dancing on her skin.  She wore her hair down and brushed it until it hung in pretty waves on her shoulders.  While she was dressing, music floated through the air, making her hurry.  She wanted to go outside and enjoy the horse drive celebration.  Sarah met Tess on the way out the door.
“You’ve got that a cute fringe skirt on again.”
“I like your scarf.  Where’d you get that?”
“Phoenix…”
“Okay, ladies.  Enough with the fashion parade.”
They turned around to see Dan coming through the ranch house.
Sarah gave him a big hug.
“It’s good to see you, Dan.  Bringing in more guests?”
“Nope.  Just wanted to partake in the celebration tonight.” Then he lowered his voice.  “How’d that horseshoe work out for you?” He winked.
“It worked very well.  Thank you again.  Shall I pass it on to someone else?”
“Only if you don’t need it anymore.”
She laughed at his sincere face.  “I think I will call you Yoda…”
They walked outside together where Dan insisted on the first dance with Sarah.  Tess saw Richie and headed his way.
The band was kickin’… Mr. Walker had brought in a good local group for tonight’s festivities and the place was rockin’ with good music and laughter.  They’d been doing some line dancing, which Dan insisted that Sarah try.  She laughed as he tried to show her the steps.  They were about as successful together as the first time, when he’d just brought her to the ranch.  When the song ended, Dan took her over to one side.
“I need a younger man to take over for me, Sarah.  Will this young man do?”
She turned and there was Matt waiting for her.  She just nodded… As they stood there gazing at one another, Dan smiled.
“Okay, good…” And he left.
“You look beautiful,” he said.  “I liked that outfit the first time I saw it.”
She looked at his tailored Western shirt, tight jeans and that black, wavy hair.  “You look pretty good yourself.”  She leaned over to put her nose by his neck.  “That aftershave is heavenly…” His breathing became uneven.
The music slowed and the band began to sing about finding your true love.  Without a word, Matt held out his hand.  Sarah placed her hand in his and her left hand on his shoulder. He pulled her a little closer as they began to sway to the music.  Their eyes were only for each other – the outside world faded away… He caressed her back, sending little tingles up her spine.  Turning her hand in his, Matt placed her soft hand on his heart and kept his hand on hers.  He drew her closer to him.  She was in his arms now and they exchanged knowing looks… loving looks.  Sarah closed her eyes as he drew her in closer still.  Matt rubbed his face gently against hers… Their hips locked together, legs entwined… 
She caressed his shoulder while he gently moved his hand on her back.  They were as close as two people could be… As the song ended, Sarah reached up to kiss his cheek and they took a step back from each other reluctantly.  Watching each other closely, Matt took her hand in his.  He brought it up to his lips to kiss.  Her lips parted… then he leaned over to whisper in her ear.
“Ready to go?”
“Yes.”
The band had started a fast number and people were beginning to two-step. It was fun and everyone was having a great time.  It was loud and noisy, with people laughing and joking.  Matt quietly took Sarah by the hand and led her away from the dance area.  This time, when Dale saw them leave, he gave Sarah a mental thumbs-up.  She had gotten it right this time…
They didn’t say a word as they walked back to his cabin. It was located in the back part of the property, away from the ranch house.  The fringe on her skirt made a swishing sound as it brushed her legs – practically the only sound heard.  But they stole little glances at one another from time to time.  Once they looked at each other and smiled shyly, nerves maybe… And then, there was the cabin…
Matt opened the door for Sarah and she took a quick glance at the neat interior.  He apparently liked things in their proper places and didn’t throw dirty towels on the floor.  She turned to make a little comment about his housekeeping skills when Matt took off his cowboy hat, threw it on a table and ran a hand through his hair.  He kept his eyes on hers as he drew her into his arms. And then he was kissing her with incredible tenderness.
His lips claimed hers hungrily and that first kiss rattled her senses. But the next one about knocked her off her feet.  And the kisses didn’t stop…  A pent-up demand was being met here and both Matt and Sarah succumbed to it. 
She’d never in her life been kissed like this man kissed her – That he truly desired her was very evident… They’d finish one long, sexy kiss and begin another juicy one.  They breathed in little puffs of air here and there, whenever possible.  He’d be soft and gentle for a while, then more demanding.  Kissing Sarah just made him want her more.  She finally came up for air.
“Mmmatt… Let me take a breath…” She’d pushed slightly away from his lips to take a gulp of air, but his hungry mouth wasn’t far away.
“Did you get your breath?” He said against her lips.
“Yes…barely.”
“Good enough,” and he was kissing her again.
His kisses seared her lips and her mind.  She knew she’d have swollen lips in the morning, but couldn’t think what to do about it.  She couldn’t think period.  Matt had done all the thinking he wanted to do too.
They stayed locked together as Matt inched her towards his bedroom. She took off her vest and tossed it on the floor, while Matt took off his shirt. Then he grabbed her to him again for another incredible kiss… When they broke for air, she pulled her blouse over her head and slipped out of her skirt.  Matt took her hand and they walked into his bedroom. He was out of his jeans in seconds and then they were in his bed. He pulled her to him with urgency. Bodies twisted and tangled with underwear tossed wherever.
Finally naked at long last, Matt pulled back slightly to take a good look.
Sarah blushed at his scrutiny and then she looked at him as well. Her eyes took a leisurely stroll down the full length of his body and she was amazed.  He had broad shoulders, a trim body and kept himself in good shape… So handsome… But he couldn’t hide how he felt about her when she saw and felt his erection rubbing her leg. She took ahold of it, which made him gasp. Soon Matt was kissing all over her body as she massaged him.  It was Sarah’s turn to gasp when he slipped inside her -- She cried out as he buried himself deeply within and held her tightly against him.  Making love was new and familiar at the same time.  
The touch of her skin, the smell of his aftershave, and their natural fit were noticed and forgotten. Matt and Sarah were swept up and up in their passionate embrace.  Their joined movements built slowly into a crescendo of feeling and sensation.  When they reached their peak, breathing was a little easier coming down from that high.  And neither had had a decent breath of air since opening his cabin door… 
Sarah lay back spent in Matt’s arms… He still was unable to let her go.
She rested her head against his chest, breathing in his maleness.  Matt kissed her soft hair and wrapped his arms more tightly around her.  Her scent was imprinted on his brain now and he would forever breathe her in.
“Are you all right?” Matt tilted her chin up to see her smiling face.
“…Am I all right?” She laughed at him.  “I don’t think that I’ll ever be all right again.”
“It was pretty incredible, wasn’t it?”
Sarah propped her arms on his chest to look at him.
“In all seriousness, Matt…how do you feel about me? I need to know.”
He blinked at her in surprise.  “You couldn’t tell by what we just did.”
“No… sex is one thing. Words are another.”
“Honey, we didn’t have sex…”
“No?”
“No…”
“… What did we just do then?”
“Sarah, we made love.  We’re creating more love between us whenever I make love to you and you make love to me.”
“Yeah?”
“And you want to know how I feel about you?”
“Please…”
He took hold of her arms. “Sarah, I love you with every fiber of my being.  I’m not too sure what’s happened to me, but I love everything about you.”
“Really?” She beamed at him.
“Definitely.  I’ll write it in the sky, if you like.”
“Mmmm….” She lay back down in his arms with her head on his chest.
“Sarah… sweetheart?”
“Mmmm?”
“How do you feel about me?”
She lifted up her head to look in his searching eyes.  “It’s come about so gradually and yet so rapidly.  One minute you’re annoying me, and the next minute I can’t live without you.” That brought out a big smile on Matt’s face.  Sarah didn’t look like she was going to speak again, so Matt laughed and flipped her over. She was beneath him now, and felt his need growing.
“I guess you want a little more than that.”
“Please…”
She reached up to touch his handsome face. “Oh, Matt.  I love you so much it hurts.  I know that’s such a cliché, but it’s the literal truth.  Whenever I don’t see you, I feel a little lost, empty.”  She leaned up to kiss his lips.  “I love you, Matt…”
That’s all he needed to know and they were kissing deeply again.  A shiver of desire swept through her.  He wanted her again… Would it always be like this? He nibbled at her lips and tantalized her with his tongue.  He kissed her neck and breasts.  He slipped inside her again and she could feel herself riding on a wave that Matt was riding too. Whispering softly into her ear, he came back to her lips for another hungry kiss.  They couldn’t seem to get enough of each other.  Her body responded to his, as if they’d always been together, and she read in his eyes that he wanted her forever.
Forever…
The wave rolled to shore… Sarah opened her eyes to see Matt gazing at her with total adoration.
“What?”
“I adore you, Sarah…”
“Please don’t stop telling me that – ever. Promise?”
“… I promise.”
Matt lay back in the bed to quiet his breathing.  Then his arm went under Sarah to bring her back into his arms.
“Can’t stay away from me, huh?” she teased.
“No…not at all.”
She began leaving little kisses all over his handsome face… Down his jaw, throat and chest…
“Honey…”
“Hmmm?” She kept kissing around his chest.
“You have to give me a few minutes to be able to respond to you.”  Sarah raised an eyebrow and he smiled at her. “You don’t feel like sleeping?”
“With you? Ha. Not a chance...”
Matt actually blushed…  “I guess I’m pretty obvious.” Then he grew more serious.  “Sarah, look at me.”
She stopped kissing him and looked up.  “What?”
“Would you go with me to meet my grandfather tomorrow?”
“Your grandfather?”
“Yes, he’s been wanting to meet you. In fact, we can stay with him a few days at his ranch. I’d like to show you around.”
She smiled. “That sounds nice.”
“Also…”
“…Also?”
Matt laughed.  “Yes, there’s a place near his that I’m going to buy.” He looked at her shyly. “Would you come see it with me?”
“Yes, but I have a request too.”
“Okay.”
“When we’re finally able to get out of bed, could we please talk about our future. I need to know some things.”
“Like what?”
“… Where I’m going to live next week, for one. I can’t live at the ranch forever – New guests will be arriving.”
“No, you can’t,” he smiled. “How about you live with me at my grandfather’s place?”
“Would we be able to stay together?”
“I think he’s modern enough to allow that.  So you want to keep on sleeping with me, is that it?”
Sarah laughed again. “I doubt sincerely that we’re going to be sleeping very much for a while. It’s all too new for us.  We haven’t gotten our fill of each other.”
Matt shook his head. “I hope I never get my fill of you.  I can’t see my desire for you waning…”
“Maybe after you see me brushing my teeth again.”  He laughed. “Which reminds me, I should do that…” Sarah tried to get up, but Matt pulled her back.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“… To brush my teeth…”
“Will you come right back? We’re not finished here yet…”
She kissed him and pushed back.  Getting off the bed, she picked up his shirt from the floor and put it on. She modeled it for him.
“That just makes me want to take it off you…”
“I know,” she teased and walked into the bathroom.
Matt fell back in the bed with the air whooshing out of his lungs. What’s the matter with me? I can’t stop wanting her.  How’d I make it before?  Well, there was no going back now.  And when she returned to bed, he made sure she realized that it was her and only her that he needed.
Eventually, they fell asleep, spooning with Sarah’s back against Matt’s body. Even in sleep, he couldn’t let her go.  Sarah had never, ever in her entire life felt as wanted and desired as Matt made her feel.  She fell asleep thinking her heart was about to burst.

A few hours later, Sarah woke up deliciously happy.  She practically purred… Slipping out of Matt’s warm arms, she looked down at him… What a handsome guy.  Even asleep he was smiling… She leaned over to kiss his lips and touch his sweet face.  He sighed but didn’t wake.
She picked up his shirt again and slipped it on.  Walking to the window, she saw a small porch with a chair just outside his door.  Sarah walked out to take a deep breath of fresh air and looked up at the black sky.  With no light pollution, the stars were many and magnificent. She sat down, just letting contentment wash over her about this magical night.  
Tess had been right… Sarah smiled thinking of all the words of wisdom she’d gotten from her that all boiled down to the same thing – good sex is the greatest.  Sarah blew out a breath… She sure couldn’t argue with that one.  Thinking about him made her want to wake him up, when he showed up in the doorway.  She glanced over at him … Matt had put on his jeans and she wanted to run her fingers through his sexy, tousled hair.  He yawned…
“… Honey, what are you doing out here?”
“Looking at the gorgeous night sky…”
“Here… Let me join you. Stand up.”
Matt sat down on the chair and pulled Sarah onto his lap.  That way, he could put his arms around her and kiss her neck and shoulders at the same time. 
“I so hope you never tire of doing that…”
“This?” He said while kissing her neck.  “Do you think there’s a chance of that?”  His kisses sent welcome shivers down her back.  Then he leaned her back in his arms, so he could see her pretty face.  Her blue eyes stared back at his dark ones… His adoring gaze went on and on…
“Matt, honey…”
“Hmmm?”
“Quit fooling around and kiss me.”
“Pretty impatient, aren’t you, miss?”
“Yes…”
“If you insist.” And he was brushing his lips against hers again and again in that way he had of sending her senses out of this world.  When her lips parted, he angled his mouth against hers for a deeper kiss that she felt down to her quaking knees.  What is it about cowboys anyway?
For Matt, his head and heart were overloaded with emotion. He’d never felt anything in his life before as how he felt about Sarah.  He was overwhelmed and took it out on her body.  He loved seeing her rise and fall, and that he caused her to do that.  She was irresistible and he had to have her…
“Come on, honey.  Let’s finish this in bed.” 
Sarah nodded, stood up and Matt took her hand to lead her back in the house.  Once inside though, he backed her up against the closed door, unable to wait any longer and tugged off her shirt.  After discarding his jeans, he melded his body into hers  -- Sarah stroked his muscled back and his hands ran up and down the length of her.  Matt’s kisses again seared through her and she was caught, unable to escape if she’d wanted to. 
He took her down, down to some magical place where she’d never even known she wanted to go.  Through their kisses and roving hands, Sarah and Matt found that special place that only they would ever know.  He raised her up to accommodate him and they swayed to their own particular rhythmic music.  She nibbled and whispered in his ear as his eyes misted over, and then he was kissing her again. 
Crashing against him, she felt weak and whimpered. Matt held her up while his hands continued their sexy route over her body.  When he finally let go, both their bodies became soft putty. Eventually, they found themselves back on the bed.  Matt kept her close and pulled the covers around them both.
“Huh…” Sarah tried to speak, but nothing much came out.  Matt softly stroked her back.
“… Cat got your tongue?”  She smiled against his torso.
“No, you’ve got my tongue… and the rest of me.” She looked up at him.  “When did I become such a limp noodle?”
“A few orgasms will do that, honey.”
Sarah laid her head back on his chest and closed her eyes.  Matt continued softly stroking her arms and back, with occasional kisses in her hair.  She couldn’t remember ever being this relaxed or happy in her entire life.   And with that, she fell asleep, making those little bubble sounds again that were becoming so dear to Matt, making him smile.  As he drifted off, being contented rushed through him like a river, as did the touch of sweet Sarah in his arms…



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The next day was the last of Sarah’s trip to the guest ranch.  She and Matt had gotten some sleep, not much, but enough for her to help Dale with breakfast that morning.  When she yawned, he smiled slyly at her like a big Cheshire cat – and she wanted to slug him.
“I don’t want you working today, Sarah,” said Dale.  “It’s your last official day as a guest.  Go have fun… I’ll be that taskmaster tomorrow.” He mixed the pancake batter and started putting it on the hot griddle.
“Okay, thanks.” She got the biscuits out of the oven and took them out of the pan.
“So…”
“So?”
“What are you going to do today? I’m sure it involves Matt.” He still had a big, dopey smile on his face.
“Yes, Dale,” she laughed at him. “As a matter of fact…”
“Yeah?”
“… Matt wants me to meet his grandfather today… And to see the ranch he wants to buy.”
“So he told you about that?”
“Yes, last night.”
“During a break in the action?”
“Dale!” Sarah turned a few shades of red as he bent over laughing.
When he calmed down, he continued.
“Please don’t be mad at me, Sarah. I’m just so happy for you both.  Honestly…” She rolled her eyes at him.
“Okay… You almost sounded sincere that time.”
“Has he asked you yet?”
“Asked me what?”
“…To marry him, of course.”
She blinked in surprise at him. “No…”
“Do you want him to?”
“We’re still getting to know each other.”
“…And…”
“And you’re really being nosy today.”
He threw up his hands in front of him. “Okay, don’t get mad at me.  Here, take the first batch of pancakes out to the breakfast table.
They finished cooking breakfast and had everything out when the guests started filing in.  Tess eventually came in with Richie and Sarah sat down to eat breakfast with them.
“Didn’t see you much at the dance last night, Sarah,” teased Tess.  “Go somewhere?”
“Yeah,” laughed Richie. “Matt disappeared too.”
She ate part of her pancake, chewed for a minute and swallowed. “Well, fancy that… We disappeared at the same time.  What are the odds?”
Just then Matt walked into the dining room, looking better than any man had a right to.  Sarah noticed his pale blue shirt and dark blue jeans that set off his gorgeous black hair.  Of course, Matt noticed everything about her too.  Her blonde hair pulled back into a pretty ponytail, Western shirt and jeans.  His eyes took her in hungrily and it was all he could do to sit down casually by her.  He would have preferred to kiss her crazy, like last night.
Tess and Richie smirked at how Sarah and Matt acted toward one another now.  Something had definitely happened between them last night.  Their behavior, once self-conscious, was now intimate and personal.  He touched her possessively and they sat close together.  She jokingly fed him a bite of pancake off her plate.  Richie was expecting him to drool over her any second, while Tess could smell sex in the air…
“So what’s the plan for the last day, ladies?” asked Richie.
“What do you think, Sarah?” inquired Tess.
“…Well…um…” Sarah looked at Matt who nodded.
“We’ve got plans…”
“Can you say what they are?” asked Richie.
“I’m taking Sarah over to meet John after breakfast.” 
Richie’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline.  “Really?”
Tess was confused. “Who’s John?”
“His grandfather…” said Richie.  
Tess’s eyebrows raised a notch as well.  “Is that kinda like going home to meet the folks?”
Sarah blushed while Matt grinned.
“… Something like that…”
“Are you showing her that ranch you want to buy?” He finished his breakfast and pushed his plate away.
“… Thought I would. It’s not far from John’s…”
“It’s a pretty spread, Sarah. The ranch house needs some work but it’ll be great,” added Richie. He looked over at Tess.
“All right, sweetie.  It’s just you and me today.  Got any suggestions?”
Tess laughed. “Yes, but most of them are not for polite company.”
They all laughed at that.
“How about a ride then?”
“… Let’s do it.” They got up to leave the dining room. Tess glanced back at Sarah.  “See you for dinner tonight?”
Sarah nodded her head smiling. “Definitely.  Our last night together… We’ll do something…”
After they’d left, Matt helped Sarah finish her pancakes.
“Why am I so hungry today?” He pretended to think that over.  “Oh, yeah… I was up most of the night making love to a beautiful woman.”
“…Shh…” said Sarah glancing around. “Do you want that information written up in the ranch bulletin?”  He laughed and leaned in to whisper.
“… I love you, Sarah Hughes…” He kissed her ear.
She looked at him with clear, blue eyes. “I love you too, Matt Garth.”
He tilted up her chin to kiss her briefly.  “Let’s go, honey.”  
She nodded and they got up together to leave.  Dale and Mr. Walker watched them walk out of the dining room holding hands.
“So… that’s what’s been going on…”
“And right under our noses,” smiled Dale.
“Well, he’s the nicest guy…”
“… And she’s the nicest girl.  They’re made for each other.”
They shrugged their shoulders… Dale went back into the kitchen, while Mr. Walker headed outside to coordinate an activity.  Cowboy golf was being organized again and they’d need help…



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

John Garth was a character out of the Old West.  He was tall and rugged, not handsome, but imposing.  He set his big cowboy hat a certain way that gave him an air of authority. In the saddle, no one could outwork him – He gave as good as he got.
Matt’s parents had been lost unexpectedly when he was young, and John had raised him up to be much like him.  He always wore a leather vest, shirt with a knotted scarf around his neck and his typical jeans.  Think John Wayne…
Matt had explained all this on the ride over to his grandfather’s ranch.  It wasn’t that far from the Walker guest ranch, but they took Matt’s truck to see the smaller ranch later.
“Do you think he’ll like me?” asked Sarah nervously.
“If I love you, so will he…” Matt took ahold of her hand to calm her nerves.
She’d moved over to sit by him in the front seat.
Sarah gulped.  Absolutely everything she’d done on this trip was a first for her.  Now she was meeting her boyfriend’s grandfather. Boyfriend? Lover? What was he anyway?
“Please don’t be nervous, Sarah. Just be yourself… You’ll do fine.” He looked over at her.  His encouraging words weren’t making much of a dent.  He tried again.  “Okay, think of how I’ll feel meeting your father.”
She turned her head and blinked several times.  Robert Hughes? 
“I hadn’t thought of that.  It should be a very interesting meeting, indeed.”
“Why is that?”
Sarah smiled.  “You’ll be in jeans and he’ll be wearing a Gucci suit probably – or Prada.  The guy’s a fashionista…”
“What’s that?”
“A person who loves clothing, fashion.”
Matt knit his brows thinking about that.  “… It does sound interesting. Do you think he’ll like me?”
She kissed his cheek. “Matt, you’ll have to go to Baltimore to meet him. Have you thought of that? Why would he come here?”
That stopped him… Baltimore… Way across the country… On an airplane…
“…Ah…”
Her face fell. “…That’s what I thought. You don’t want to go there, do you?”
“Not particularly.”
“Then why am I meeting your grandfather?” She gave him a stern look.
“… He’s closer?” 
“… Weak answer…” She’d moved farther away from him and folded her arms across her chest. Matt knew he was on thin ice, so he pulled over and stopped the truck.  He turned and reached for her – She moved farther away.
“Sarah, honey…”
“Don’t ‘honey’ me.  You never planned on going back East, did you? It’s not convenient.”  She held his gaze.  “What kind of a relationship is this?  Was it only because I’m here now?  If we’re just playing around, please let me know – Maybe we got too serious too fast…”
Matt blinked hard wondering how things got so crazy so fast. One minute she was kissing his cheek and the next, she was angrily moving to the other side of the truck.  He ran his hand through his hair and looked as nervous as he felt.
“Wait a minute, Sarah.  Let’s not twist this up into a mess.  I fell in love with you – I don’t care where you came from or how fast it all happened…”
He could see she softened a bit, so he plunged ahead.  “And this is a love relationship, pure and simple. I love you and you love me.  We’ll have to sort out the rest as we go.”
Even though she was still somewhat pissed, that actually made sense. Matt could see he’d broken through the anger when she turned to face him.
“And my father?”
It was Matt’s turn to gulp.  “If it’s what you want, I’ll meet him anywhere on this planet.”
That did it… To his great relief, Sarah moved back over by him and fell into his waiting arms.  He kissed her hair, her cheeks, nose and lips over and over. She kissed him back with equal fervor and passion.  He’d won her back…
Thank God… After a few more minutes of being wrapped around each other like vines and a sexy kiss that seemed to be never-ending… They broke for air. He was breathing hard…
“… Honey, you scared the crap out of me.  Could we please always talk out our differences?  I don’t think I could take your being away from me for very long.”
Sarah gazed at his wonderful face. She reached up to touch his hair… his cheeks… nose…  Matt closed his eyes at her gentle touch. When she outlined his lips with her finger, he parted them to softly suck on that finger.  He opened his eyes to her big smile and she caressed his cheek before kissing him sweetly. 
“We’re never going to make it there, are we?” He whispered in her ear after nibbling on her earlobe.
“Is there much traffic on this road?” 
“Never, why?” And then he saw why. His mouth dropped open as Sarah unzipped her jeans and pulled them off, along with her underwear. He swallowed hard when she unzipped and opened his jeans to find what she was looking for -- His erection was hard and waiting… 
“Sarah…what…” he tried to say more, but his lips went dry.
He put his hands on her hips as she straddled him and took him in… right there in the front seat of his Chevy pickup… on an old dirt road a few miles from his grandfather’s ranch… And he held her steady as she started to move with him.  Matt’s mind was a complete blank… Sarah was in control.  The truck swayed with the constant rhythm of their movements and it heated up inside the cab in no time.  By the time they’d finished and had their clothes on again, Matt’s mind was a muddle.  
She was still sitting close to him, absolutely relaxed.  He marveled at the passion he’d unleashed in her…
“Jesus, Sarah… What the hell was that?” He rubbed his forehead hard.
She smiled sweetly at him.  “What? Didn’t you like it?” She leaned over to kiss his lips.  “You certainly seemed to at the time…”
“… Um…”
“Don’t you feel better?” she purred and kissed both corners of his mouth.
Matt blew out a breath.  “Actually, I do…” And at that moment, he knew the reins had slipped away from him – She’d always be able to bend him around however she wanted to.  Damn…He looked over at her.  Again with that innocent smile… Hmmm… Matt shrugged his shoulders.  If that’s the way it’s going to be… Okay…
 He couldn’t drag his eyes away from her full, sensual lips. And that’s when the serious kissing started… 

It was close to lunch before they finally arrived at John Garth’s ranch home.  Matt switched off the ignition and the truck rumbled to a stop.  He looked over at Sarah sitting beside him and put his arm around her.
“I’m not sure what’s worth saying after all that.  That’s the longest it’s ever taken me to get here…”
“… Another first for me.”
“What?”
“… Sex in a vehicle,” she laughed. “Multiple times…”
Matt leaned his forehead against hers. “Honey, you’ve turned me inside out and not just from all the sex. I’m crazy about you…”
“Good. I’m crazy about you too.  Shall we meet your grandfather since we’re here?”
“I barely have the strength to get out of the truck. What have you done to me?”
She laughed. “Nothing you won’t recover from… and quickly. I doubt we’ll sleep much tonight either.”
“… Promise?”
He stepped out of the truck and helped her out.  She was smoothing her hair back into her ponytail when she glanced down.
“Matt, your fly’s unzipped.”
“Jesus…” He groaned and zipped as she doubled up laughing.  
John Garth was watching from the window and started laughing as well.  He remembered those days as a young man when he’d done the same sorts of things. This girl he had to meet…
He opened the big front door wide to welcome them.
“Matt… Great to see you, son.” John gave him a huge hug and then turned to Sarah. “And who have you brought with you? Is this Sarah?”
“Yes, Grandpa, this… is Sarah Hughes. Sarah, John Garth.”
John took a good look at the love of his grandson’s life.  Matt had told him so little about her that John was sure she was the one.  Matt hadn’t brought anyone home to meet him in a long time…. She was a pretty blonde with a cute ponytail and deep blue eyes that didn’t miss much.  She had a lovely figure and an expression that said she could keep his grandson in line… 
“How do you do, Mr. Garth.  It’s nice to finally meet you.” Sarah reached out to shake his hand.
“It’s John, please and no handshakes.” He hugged her instead and liked her already.
“Come on back to the kitchen.  You all hungry?”
“Starved,” said Matt. “We didn’t have much breakfast and have worked up an appetite.” 
Sarah gave him a Knock it off look that John caught part of and he almost laughed.
John’s kitchen was full of good aromas and was decorated in bright greens and yellows. He had a hearty soup going with fresh bread and a garden salad.  Sarah was thrilled…
Once they were seated and eating, John asked a few tentative questions.
“How’s your trip going, Sarah?”
“It’s going well, thanks. I love it around here, John.  It’s beautiful country.”
They discussed Baltimore, her job back home, cooking, computers, horses and everything in between.  An hour flew by…
“Have you taken Sarah to see the ranch next door?”
“Not yet.  We came here first.” 
“… Well, show her around here and then go see the other place.” He turned to Sarah. “It’s a pretty little spread – About a hundred acres with a sweet ranch house.  It needs a bit of sprucing up, but it’ll make a fine home.  Has Matt mentioned he’s buying it?”
She looked over to smile at Matt. “Yes. It sounds wonderful.” He smiled back at her and held her gaze.
“Listen, Sarah,” began John. “I understand you’re staying on here after your trip is over.  You’ll be working at the Walker guest ranch?”
“Yes,” she laughed. “I’ll be using my new culinary expertise.”
“Where will you live?”
“That’s a question with no answer right this minute.”
“Why don’t you and Matt stay here? I’ve got plenty of room.  There’s a huge bedroom on the other side of the house with a bathroom…”
“I wouldn’t want to crowd you, John,” she demurred.
He looked around. “Sorry, no crowd, but I’d love for you to stay here.” He turned to Matt. “What do you think?”
“Great… Sarah?”
She let out a deep breath. “If someone had told me a few weeks ago, that I’d be moving to Nevada and taking a job as a cook’s assistant, I would have told them that was nuts…”
“… What about falling for a cowboy?” Matt said quietly.
“That would be the nuttiest part of all to believe.” She looked deeply into Matt’s dark eyes. “… But the absolute best part…” He leaned over to kiss her, while John continued smiling at them both. They were sweet and good for each other… Anyone with eyes could see that.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Sarah went to freshen up in the bathroom, while Matt helped his grandfather clean up the lunch dishes.
“Well?”
“Well, what?”
“Have you asked her to marry you yet?”
“… No…”
“Why not?”
“We’re still figuring each other out.”
John shook his head.
“… Don’t wait too long, son.”
“How long is too long?”
“… That’s your decision, but she’s here, now.  Anything can happen, Matt, so take advantage of the situation while you can.”
“…Okay…”
John looked his grandson in the eye.
“Do you love her?”
“Yes, sir…”
“Does she love you?”
“Yes…”
“… What are you waiting for?”
“…Ah…”
“She wants to live here, correct?”
“… Yeah…”
“And you’ve saved up enough to put down on the ranch next door?  Plus, I said I’d help…”
“That would be a good summary of the situation, Grandpa.”
He threw up his hands in frustration.
“…I just wouldn’t want you to lose her, son.”
“Do you think I might?”
“She has a family back in Baltimore that probably loves and misses her, Matt.  Don’t underestimate their influence…  She’s a sweet girl and she’s waiting for you, just like I am.”
Matt rubbed his temples like he was getting a headache.
“I was married once before, remember?”
“All right, so that happened.  But Sarah is in no way like Betsy and you know it.  Sarah’s crazy about you, even I can see it from the little I’ve seen of the two of you together.  Don’t blow this, Matt…”
“Okay…”
Sarah came back into the kitchen and noticed the serious expressions on their faces.
“… Somebody die?”
John cracked up at that. “Not yet.” He glanced at Matt.  “Take her out to see the ranch, but say goodbye before you leave.”
Sarah walked over to give him a hug. “Thanks so much for lunch.”
“Remember to get your things and come back tonight.  I’ll have the bedroom cleaned up for you two.”
She reached up on her tiptoes to kiss his cheek. “Thank you.”
John’s eyes got a little misty and Matt almost laughed.  So Sarah had John eating out of her hand too… Figures… This girl can charm the bees out of the hive…

Matt drove Sarah around his grandfather’s ranch.  After seeing the house, barn, corrals, cattle and horses, she had a few questions.
“So this is a pretty big ranch?”
“… Close to two thousand acres.”
“And he can have a good sized herd of cattle?”
“Yes, because he has a lot of grassland and water on his property. Water’s gold in Nevada…”
“The ranch you’re buying?”
“What about it?”
“… Are you buying it to mesh with your grandfather’s?”
He looked over at her.  “Pretty good. How’d you figure that?”
“Well… it’s obviously not large enough to run a big herd, so the land must have other assets that will complement his ranch.”
Matt smiled at her.  “So you’re not just a pretty face…”
“Ha…”
“You know I’m to inherit my grandfather’s ranch someday…” She nodded.
“He suggested I buy the ranch next door for the water rights and additional grassland.  I’ll run a herd of horses on my property and help John with his cattle.  We’ve planned it out for a while now.”
“What’s stopping you?”
“Nothing now. I’ve saved up the money I needed from working at the Walker ranch and some investments.  I’m buying the ranch probably next week.”
A big smile spread across her face. “So you’ll be a rancher soon…”
“Yep. Want to see the ranch house?”
“Very much…”
Matt drove Sarah over to the ranch next door.  By next door, it was actually ten miles to the south of John’s property line.  The smaller ranch had been vacant for a while, so it needed some work.  Matt pulled up in front of the ranch house and turned off his truck.
“Ready to take a look?”
Sarah looked at the pretty place.  They’d parked on a curved paved driveway with a sidewalk going to the front porch. The house was built of light, brown wood, probably cedar, with a beautiful black, shingled roof.  It had big windows everywhere and a huge pine tree, maybe sixty feet tall, in the front yard.  There had been some landscaping done at one time, but it needed some work.  Sarah was charmed…
“It’s lovely…” That brought a big smile to Matt’s face – He was hoping she’d like it.
They got out of the truck, walked up to the porch and Matt opened the front door with a key on his keychain.
“It’s about 3,000 square feet, I think,” he said as he held the door open for her.
Sarah looked around at the spacious house.  Nice wooden floors, a river rock fireplace from floor to ceiling and overhead lighting.  Another room, just off the living area had another fireplace, slanted ceiling with solid windows on one wall.  The views of the mountains behind and to the front of the house were incomparable.  Sarah had never seen a house like this.
The kitchen had been renovated already with granite countertops, new appliances and cupboards.  Dark wooden floors with full lighting overhead made Sarah gasped.  Matt smiled – She liked it.
“… Comments?”
“It’s spectacular…”
“What were you expecting? … A little house on the prairie? A sod dugout perhaps?”
“I don’t know what I was expecting, but this is fabulous.”
“Come see the bedrooms.”
There were four bedrooms. One – the master – was large, with a huge picture window showing a view of the backyard trees and mountains in the far distance. She gasped again.
“You don’t like it?”
“I’ve never seen anything like it.  And out here in the middle of…”
“… Nowhere?” Matt laughed at her embarrassed look.
“Okay…”
“Come here,” he said beckoning her into his arms.  As he held her and looked into her clear, blue eyes, he asked it…
“Do you think you’d like to live here someday?”
“… With you?”
“Yes…” He kissed her lips.
“What are you saying?”
Matt swallowed.  “Can we take this slow?
She scrunched up her face. “How slow?”
“…Ah…”
“You want to live in sin for a while, is that it?”
“… Would that upset you?”
“No, but it might upset you if I get a better offer…” She broke free from his arms with a slight smile.
Matt grabbed her. “What are you talking about?”
She laughed at him. “Matt, I heard what your grandfather said.  What are we waiting for?”
“Okay….” He took a deep breath.  “Do you want to marry me?”
“… Are you asking?”
He swallowed again.  “Maybe…”
Sarah bent over laughing this time.  “Well, when you figure it out, let me know. In the meantime, I need to get back…”
He knit his eyebrows in confusion. What the hell? 
She could tell he was totally confused on the drive back. They’d said goodbye to John and would see him later that evening.  Sarah wanted to help Dale with dinner and spend some time with Tess before she left tomorrow.  When they arrived at the Walker ranch, Sarah looked over at him.  She smiled – He was still chewing on it…
“Matt?”
“Hmmm?” He looked up at her pretty face and smiled.
“Can you take me into Wells tomorrow?”
“Sure. Why?”
“I need to call my family and my friend, Abby. I haven’t spoken to them in over a week now.  I may call my boss as well…”
His grandfather’s words came back to him in a rush… Her family’s influence… Would she be talked into going back to Baltimore? It hit him again like a punch in the stomach that her home and life were back East.
“Hey… Where are you? Are you all right?”
He grabbed her hands. “Sarah, are you going to leave? Are you going to leave me?”
Wow…She’d never seen competent, decisive Matt so unsure, so uncertain…
“Do you want me to?”
“… Never…”
She smiled at him. “Never’s a long time…”
“I know.”
“… I’m staying, honey, if you really want me to.”
“I want you to very much.”
“All right, but I still need to call home…”
Matt let out a breath.  “Okay...”
Pause…
“… You okay?”
“Fine,” he breathed. “And Sarah?”
“… Hmmm?”
“I’ll work on that marriage proposal.”
She grinned at his serious face and leaned over to kiss his lips.
“… You do that…”



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Dinner that night with Tess and Richie was bittersweet.  Sarah and Tess had become good friends and would miss each other very much. They’d made plans to get together, both in Nevada and Arizona. 
“I’ve never been to Arizona,” commented Sarah.
Matt, to her left, shook his head.  “… City girl…”
“… Country boy…” she smiled at him.
They’d discussed the ranch house and the visit with Matt’s grandfather and other polite conversation as it came up. Tess finally excused herself to go to the restroom and Sarah went with her.
Richie frowned. “What is it with women? They have to go in pairs to the restroom?”
That got Matt laughing. “Can’t live with ‘em or without ‘em.”
“Ha…”
“You going to see Tess again?”
“I’m going to visit her next month.” He looked sharply at Matt.  “What do you think?”
“I think she’s great, don’t you?”
“I really do…” He looked shy for a minute. “… Never thought something like this would happen to me.”
“Yeah, you’ve been catch and release as long as I’ve known you.”
“Speaking of being caught… Are you engaged yet?”
“No, but close.  I almost asked her today, but my mouth and brain tripped me up.”
“What’d she say?”
“Basically, she laughed at me.”
Richie shrugged. “It’s a start…”

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Tess and Sarah were giggling.
“Oh, did you check under the stalls?”
“Yes, we’re alone…”
“So how was your last day with Richie?”
She almost swooned. “He’s really a pretty romantic guy.  He stumbled around and finally asked if he could visit me next month.”
“And you said yes, of course.”
“… Of course, but only after we spent most of the afternoon in his cabin…”
“Yes?” Sarah raised an eyebrow.
“… Uh-huh… Doing the deed…”
They laughed heartily at that.
“How about you?”
“Pretty close to the same.”
“… Really?” Tess raised an eyebrow.
“Yeah, we had a fight in his truck in the morning…”
“On the way to his grandfather’s?”
“… Yes, and we spent the rest of the morning having makeup sex…”
“… in the truck?” She nodded.
Tess blinked. “Wow, Sarah.  City girls are all right… So we both had good days.”
“I’d say so.”
Tess looked in the mirror, fluffing her hair.  “Better get back before they cool off.”
They left the bathroom with Sarah laughing and enjoying her friend, Tess.

####

Matt’s grandfather was as good as his word.  A huge bedroom with incredible views of the hills behind the house was at their disposal.  It was located in the back part of the house, insuring them privacy, something Matt really wanted.  It was understood they’d stay there until Matt had bought his ranch and it was in livable condition. In the meantime, there would be lots of work to do – painting, cleaning, carpeting...  Matt wanted to make a few changes before moving in, so they’d planned to work every day possible over at the new place.
That night, Matt was in bed waiting for Sarah, who was brushing her teeth in the bathroom.
“Are you using your own toothbrush this time?”
She popped her head out with the brush in her mouth.  
“mmm…I…arg…brush…” Words coming out were too garbled to understand, but the color on that toothbrush was bright blue.  She went back into the bathroom.
“Hey… that’s my brush, isn’t it?” She popped back out again, this time with her ponytail hanging off to one side and the brush still in her mouth.  She smiled big with toothpaste dripping down and nodded enthusiastically.
Matt rolled his eyes. “What gives? Can’t you even find yours anymore?”
He could hear her rinsing and spitting in there. She came out and bounced into the bed with him.
“No…”
“No, what?”
“No, I can’t find mine anymore. It’s lost…”
He blinked in amazement.
“How do you lose a toothbrush?”
“… If I knew that, I’d know where the toothbrush is…”
Matt ran a hand through his hair and thought he’d heard it all now.
“I can’t believe this conversation we’re having…”
She raised an eyebrow. “… Maybe we should do something else.”
He pulled her down by him under the covers.
“… Tired of talking?” 
Matt lifted Sarah’s chin up so he could look into her eyes.  When he saw his reflection, he almost melted.
“… For a big, brave cowboy, you seem awfully sentimental…” she teased him.
“Do you always see through me?” he breathed.
“… Always… Do you love me?”
“Yes, Sarah, I do…”
“Prove it.” She reached out to caress his dear face and to bring his lips down to hers.
“…Yes, ma’am…” And they were off…
Sometime in the middle of the night, when their bodies were still tangled together and the kissing still hadn’t stopped, Matt had an epiphany… He held Sarah’s lovely face between his hands and just looked at her.  He gazed at her blue eyes, her cute nose… cheeks rosy from his face rubbing against hers, and those full lips – swollen from the constant kissing, nibbling, sucking.  It hit him like a sledgehammer…
“Matt, honey? What is it?”
“… I’m in love, Sarah…For the first time in my life…”
She smiled. “I know that, cowboy…I’ve known it for a while.”
“… Probably before I did.”
“…So?”
“This probably isn’t the best time for me to say this…”
“… Maybe not, Matt… We’re in the middle of something here…”
“Yes, I know and that makes what I want to say even more important.”
“Honestly, I get that, but…” Sarah pointed down to emphasize her point.  They were quite in the middle of things with their bodies and hips glued together for one express purpose – He was still deep inside her…  “Maybe we could just finish up first, before you say what you need to…”
Matt laughed and flipped her over. “Right. First things first...”
 Later, after Sarah had fallen asleep, Matt lay there watching her.  Everything she did was becoming dear to him.  He loved those little bubbles and pops she made in her sleep.  She never moved away from him and stayed right in his arms all night. He never even thought that would be a comfortable way to sleep. Now it was the only way he could sleep…
So in the middle of the night, when she was sound asleep, Matt gently turned Sarah’s head to whisper in her ear.  He had to say it and he had to say it now…
“Sarah?” She mumbled something… “Can you hear me?”
Without opening her eyes, she whispered, “Yes…”
Matt didn’t know if she was awake or not, but decided to go on anyway.
“… Remember I had something to say to you?”
“…Yes…”
“I love you, Sarah.”
“I love you too…”
“Will you marry me? I’m asking you…”
“… Yes…” Matt watched her face as her eyes slowly opened and she turned her head to look at him. “Did you just say what I think you said?”
He smiled. “Are you awake now?”
“We’ve been awake most of the night.”
“You were asleep just now, honey.”
She looked at him in love.  “Say it again to my face, instead of my ear.”
“All right… Sarah Hughes, I love you.  Will you marry me?”
“… Is that what you wanted to tell me earlier?”
“Uh-huh…”
“What did I say when I was asleep and you asked me?”
“You said yes.”
“Okay. I’ll stick to that decision. It seems like a good one.”
His face fell. “That’s not terribly romantic.”
She leaned up to kiss his lips.  They stayed on his for a good while.
“… Matt Garth, I love and adore you. I would be very proud to marry you and be your wife.  In fact, I’d be thrilled…”
“Thank you, sweetheart.” 
“I don’t suppose you want to go back to sleep now.  We have to get up in four hours…”
The way Matt looked at her, Sarah knew he didn’t want to go back to sleep.
“Okay,” she sighed. “Another sleepless night…”
Matt laughed as he brought her in closer for an incredibly sexy kiss.  When they finished, she smiled against his lips.  “Who needs sleep?” And they continued…

The next day she was helping Dale make breakfast and yawned a few times.  Dale smiled at her.
“Do you ever get any sleep at night now, Sarah?”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but no, I don’t…”
He laughed and laughed.  “Good for you. I knew that boy loved you way back when you first got here.”
She just smiled at him and started making pancakes on the hot griddle.
“He asked me to marry him, Dale.”
He turned around to give her a hug. “Congratulations, Sarah. I’m pleased for you both.  Still going to work for me?”
“Yes, sir…”
“What about your family?”
“I’m calling them today. We’re going into Wells since there’s no cell service around here and the few phones don’t have long distance.”
“What do you think they’ll say?”
“I think my dad’s head will rotate on his shoulders like the devil in that horror movie.”
“That bad?”
“Maybe not, once he meets Matt.  It’ll just be tough getting Matt back there.”
“He doesn’t want to go to Baltimore?”
“No… But he’ll have to, sooner or later.”
He took the bacon out of the pan.
“Tess left today, didn’t she?”
“Yes, I’m going to miss her very much.”
“So is Richie.”
“Think so?”
“… Oh, yeah. He’s been moping around here trying to keep busy.”
Sarah picked up a towel to wipe her hands.
“Is that about it, Dale? I need to take off.”
“Go, go.  Tell me what your father says…”



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Wells, Nevada is a small, rural town in northeastern Nevada.  But they do have cell service, so Sarah was finally able to call home.  Of course, she could have done it earlier, had she wanted to…
“Dad!  It’s so great to hear your voice…” said Sarah with a big smile on her face.  She was standing outside of a café where Matt had gone in to get a cup of coffee. He watched her from inside the café, but couldn’t hear her.
“No… It’s been wonderful here…Yes, I’m glad the campaign is going so well… Dad? Dad! Listen to me… I’ve met someone and I think I’m going to stay in Nevada… No, I haven’t gone nuts… Dad, he’s Gregory Peck… What do I care what Ben thinks? I’m not coming home, Dad… No, not for a while… Dad… Dad…”
Matt could see that she was having trouble.  Her father was giving her static probably about staying longer in Nevada.  He’d need to call him…
“No, Dad.  Grandfather calling me won’t do any good.  Please try to understand…” He watched her listen a while longer, then she glanced at him through the café window, and shrugged her shoulders.
“Dad… No, I have a job here. I’m quitting the computer job in Baltimore.  Dad, please listen to me…”
Her father was applying pressure for her to come home – Matt could tell. She was squirming like a calf with a rope around its neck…  Would he do any differently if he were her father? Possibly not… But Matt wasn’t her father and he wanted her with him very much.  So that was the end of that…
She’d hung up and made another call. He knew this one was to her good friend, Abby.  Abby would be friendlier and more understanding… He crossed his fingers.
“Abby… Hi!  How are you?  I’m good… great, actually.  I’ve had a wonderful week, found my smile again and am quitting that hideous job… No…What?  Yes, I did meet him… Oh, Abby, I’m in love and he’s wonderful… Okay…No…”
Matt couldn’t tell if Abby was being helpful or not.  Sarah’s body language was hard to read.
“That’s right, Abby. No, I’m not coming home… That’s right… Yes, I’m moving in with Matt… No, it’s not too soon… Be happy for me, Abby. It’s what you wanted for me too…”
When Sarah started her third phone call, Matt went out to stand by her. He knew this one was going to Joe the Tyrant, her boss. He wanted to give her moral support.
“Mr. Olson? This is Sarah… No, I won’t be back. Consider the past week and this one as my two-week notice.  I quit… Yes, I can quit… What? No, you can’t force me to stay. Just mail my last check…I won’t be back…”
When Sarah hung up the phone, Matt took her in his arms. She was a wreck and started to cry. After he helped her in the truck, he got in and turned to look at her.  Matt handed over his handkerchief.
She smiled through her tears. “You still use handkerchiefs…”
“What happened? Tell me.”
“… My father insisted I come home, Abby told me I couldn’t fall in love this quickly and my boss insisted I couldn’t quit – He would sue if I tried it.”
“Jeez, Sarah… I’m so sorry. I knew you were having trouble. Any other calls to make?”
“No,” she sniffed. “Take me home…”
Matt knew it was more important than ever to close the real estate deal on the ranch. He wanted Sarah to have a place that was hers… theirs… and no one else’s.  A permanent home, not like staying at his grandfather’s.
“Let’s stop at our ranch, Sarah. All right? I’ve got some people coming to help with the painting and carpet.  Would you like that?”
She nodded and kept her head on his shoulder most of the way back. His shoulder was getting damp from her tears and he had to stop a few times to comfort her. Her phone buzzed before they went out of the cell service range and she glanced at it.
“Who is it?”
“… Grandfather…”
“Great...” She didn’t pick up.
Her phone rang again.  “That’ll be Ben…” She looked at the caller identification. “…Yep…”
“Do you want me to stop, so you can call them back?”
“No… I’m not going to be pressured into doing something I don’t want to do.”
Matt stopped the truck and turned to look at her.  Tears still rolled down her face and she began to hiccup.  He pulled her into his arms.
“… Honey, what can I do? Tell me.  I’ll do anything to help you…”
She shook her head. “No, I’m going to have to face this.”
He pulled back to lift up her chin. “Sarah, you’re not facing this alone. I’m the problem here, not you.” Her eyes blazed…
“How can you say that? I’ve never been happier in my life than when I’ve been with you. No one’s going to wreck this for me.”
He smiled at her… She was getting feisty and he liked that.  Sarah had real spirit – gumption – that was another part of his draw towards her.
“Want to sit outside for a while?”
She nodded again and leaned over to kiss his cheek. Matt turned to her at that moment and their lips met instead.  He grabbed her and the kiss became more urgent… His lips were firm and demanding that she give him more.  She did… And out in the middle of a pretty valley, a cowboy and his true love wound themselves around one another to deepen that very necessary kiss.  He needed to know that she still wanted him – She needed to know that he still loved her. 
“I need to lose mmmyself in you…” Sarah stammered.
“… That goes for me too,” Matt whispered. He grabbed a blanket from the back seat. “Let’s go out there.”
The road back to his ranch went through a lovely meadow.  Matt knew Sarah loved meadows, so he took her hand as he searched for a nice place to sit in the wildflowers. Sarah was already beginning to perk up just being in the open with the grassy area and the big sky.  Matt wondered how she ever existed before in a closed city. She needed the open spaces to breathe – Why didn’t her dad know that?
He laid the blanket on the ground and sat down. Matt tugged Sarah’s hand for her to sit between his legs. He leaned her back against him, so they could watch the small herd of deer roaming the area.  After ten minutes or so with Matt holding her tight and watching the deer, he could feel the tension leave her body…She relaxed back into him and her breaths were deeper. The hiccups stopped…
When the deer left, Matt lay down on the blanket. She joined him and they lay there quietly, arms around each other, listening to the sounds of the grassland… birdcalls… owls hooting…
She whispered in his ear. “… Still want to marry me? I told you I was a mess…”
“No, you’re not a mess.  You’re not even confused,” he whispered.
She pulled back to look at him. “I’m not?”
“No, honey… Change is hard. You’re becoming something different than what the people in Baltimore are comfortable with. Maybe they can’t handle it. It depends on how much you want this change…”
“You mean… How much I want you.”
“… And this life we’re planning.”
“Yes…”
“We haven’t known each other very long, Sarah.  But I know this is what I want… Are you sure?”
She looked him squarely in the eye. “Absolutely…” Matt blew out the breath he’d been holding. “…I want you body and soul – I’m sure.”
A slow smile spread across his face. “Did you say body?” 
She nodded. 
“You might have to prove that.”

####

The next few weeks were eventful… wonderful… Sarah worked with Dale at mealtimes and with Matt at other times over at their ranch.  He’d settled with the real estate agent and the sale was in escrow – A few more weeks and the ranch would be theirs. He was in the process of buying some horses.
They painted walls, had new carpet installed throughout the house, and cleaned and scrubbed – Then cleaned and scrubbed some more.  John came over occasionally to help out with some of the painting and volunteered to lend some furniture, until they had their own. The landscaping in the front and backyards was beginning to take shape.
Exhausted, Sarah fell sound asleep in Matt’s arms, night after night – He knew this life with Sarah was definitely the life he wanted. In the early mornings and late evenings, they made love… Creating more to what they had already.
But it was too good to last and it didn’t… 

One day, Matt and Sarah were working in the kitchen of their ranch when John drove up.  He parked in the driveway and walked in the front door.
“Hey… Anyone home?” 
“… In the kitchen,” Matt called out.
John walked back to the kitchen and whistled.
“Damn, it looks good… You guys have done a great job with this place. It’s beautiful…” He looked around as he spoke, his eyes twinkling.  Then he turned to Sarah and the twinkling stopped.
“I’ve got something to tell you, darlin’,” he began.
Sarah looked up surprised as Matt came down off the ladder he was on.
“What is it, John?”
“I just got a call from Seth Walker.  There’s a man who’s arrived at the guest ranch asking for you. He said his name’s Ben Foster.”
Sarah blinked in surprise and then shook her head. “I don’t believe it. He came here?”
Matt’s face was clouding up fast…
“There’s more, sweetie,” John had taken off his cowboy hat and was holding it in front of him.  This was serious…
“… Apparently, your grandfather’s had a heart attack and this Ben fellow has come to take you home.  He told Seth they couldn’t reach you, so your father sent Ben out here.”
“Oh, my God – not Grandfather…” She looked aghast, but in the next minute, she frowned.  “But he didn’t need to send Ben, for Pete’s sake…”
“It’s understandable, Sarah.  We’re still working on getting cell service out here – You know it’s a remote area right now.”
“He could have sent a telegram…”
John shrugged his shoulders and looked at Matt whose mind had kicked into overdrive with worry.  Ben would be taking Sarah away… A lump was forming in his throat and he found it hard to speak.
She looked from John to Matt.
“Will you take me over there? I told you I’d have to face this sooner or later.  I guess it’s to be sooner…” He nodded, reached over to pick up his hat.
Sarah picked up a nearby towel and wiped off her hands. Then she smoothed back her hair.
“I’ll take off now,” said John. “Let me know if I can help…” He gave Matt a questioning look and left.
Sarah and Matt looked at each other with pain written on both their faces.  Matt knew that Sarah would have most of the responsibility here and it bothered him – a lot.  It wasn’t his place to deal with Ben…
She made it easier for him but going into his arms and hugging him tightly to her.  
“It’ll be fine…”
“Will it, Sarah? I’m not so sure…” He tilted up her chin to look into her eyes.  “You’re going to have to leave with him, aren’t you?”
“Yes, probably, if Grandfather’s in bad shape.  I’ll have to see him…”
“I don’t want you to go…”
“And I don’t want to go, but, for now, let’s drive over there. I have to talk to him.”
“All right.”
But he couldn’t let her go… Matt was thinking he may not have her in his arms again and he couldn’t handle that idea very well.  So he hung on to her…
Sarah reached up to touch his face and his eyes got misty. She leaned up to kiss his lips and he kissed her back.  They stood in the doorway with their lips sealed tightly together… But eventually, Sarah broke off their kiss.
“… Matt, honey. It’ll be all right.  Breathe, please…” She could tell he couldn’t breathe very well and it was making him light-headed.  “Sit down…”
“…Sorry. I’m such an idiot.”
“No,” she smiled. “You’re a man in love…”
And that brought out the tears. “Yes, you’re right.”  Then he kissed her again.
“Come back to me, Sarah,” he whispered against her lips.
“… If I’m there too long, come get me.”
“How long is too long?”
“An hour?” She smiled weakly at him. Matt couldn’t smile at all… “Take me over there, please. He’s waiting.”
Matt finally got his legs working, although his knees threatened to go out on him, and he helped Sarah in the truck.  When he closed her door and walked to his side, he felt like it was going to be the worst day of his life.  He was close…

At the Walker guest ranch, Ben was shown politely into the dining room to wait for Sarah and someone had given him some iced tea.  He stood out as a stranger with his three-piece suit in a land of jeans and Western shirts.  Ben was tall with sandy hair -- A few people gawked at him.  Dale saw him, knew immediately who he was and wondered how Sarah was going to handle this. He thought he’d hang around, just in case she needed him.
Dan, the driver who had brought Ben in from Reno, was thinking the same as Dale.  He too stood back, waiting to see what was going to happen and to help, if he could.
Ben was fully aware that he was being sized up from all corners of the building. It was a strange thought and made him uneasy.  Where was she and why would she possibly want to stay here? Ben sat and looked at his iced tea. He hated iced tea …
By the time Matt and Sarah pulled up at the guest ranch, everyone on the place knew what was happening and were trying to watch, in some inconspicuous way… Richie rode up and Frank informed him out by the corral. Richie decided to walk around to the front to see if he could help Matt.  He knew Matt wouldn’t be in very good shape if Sarah left. Theirs was a small community and you always helped your neighbor – It would come back when you needed help.
Matt got out of the truck and walked around to open Sarah’s door for her. When she got out, she kissed his cheek, smiled and went in. Matt closed the door and leaned against it frowning. He pulled his hat low over his forehead… Richie came up and they leaned against the truck together in total silence.
When Sarah walked into the dining room, Ben smiled at first to see her and then frowned. What in the hell was she wearing?  The Sarah he knew wore designer dresses and heels… This Sarah was wearing tight jeans, a Western shirt and cowboy boots.  Who was she and what had she done with Sarah Hughes?
She glanced at the kitchen and saw Dale peeking out. When she frowned at him, he quickly went back inside.  Ben stood up and Sarah walked up to him.
“Sarah… It’s good to see you.  You look… good.”  He didn’t try to hug her, which was good, because she didn’t want to hug him. Besides, she knew with all the spies around right now, it would get back to Matt, which would kill him… So she kept her distance. They sat down together at the table.
She laughed. “Nice try, Ben. I probably look strange to you, right?”
He relaxed and laughed too. “Yes, sorry. I’m not used to seeing you in anything but dresses and slacks. I’ve never seen you in jeans before.”
“Well, anyway… Let’s hear your news.  Why are you here?”
“I’ve come to take you home, Sarah. Your grandfather has had a heart attack and has been in the hospital for a week now.  Your father couldn’t reach you, so he sent me to bring you home.”
“Pardon me for being cynical, but has Grandfather really had a heart attack? I just called Dad to tell him I was staying here, which he objected to and then you show up…”
Ben looked blankly at her. “No, your grandfather is really sick.  This isn’t a subterfuge or anything. It’s a legitimate request by your father that you come home. You know how much your grandfather loves you.”
But not enough to leave me be, she thought. They just don’t understand what’s happened to me…
“Okay, Ben.  If you promise this is on the level.” She got up and so did he. “I’ll need to pack a bag.”
“Do you need some help?”
“No, thanks. I won’t need everything since I’ll be coming back.”
Ben’s mouth dropped open. “You’re coming back here.  Why?”
She sighed. “We’ll have a lot of time to talk about it in the car and on the plane, Ben.  Suffice to say that I’m supremely happy here… Okay?”
“Okay,” he mumbled, sincerely doubting her sanity at this moment.
“I’ll be back in about fifteen minutes.”
Sarah went into the kitchen quickly to talk to Dale. He was waiting for her with questioning eyes, curly hair sticking out everywhere.
“Dale, promise me you’ll look after Matt. He’s going to be upset…”
“…You think so? I think he’ll lose his mind if you leave.”
“I’m not leaving him, Dale. I have to go see about my grandfather. It probably won’t hurt to have a face-to-face with my father about everything too.”
“… Okay, that sounds good.”
“So will you check in on him, please?”
Dale smiled. “For you, sweetie, anything…”
“If I’m gone longer than a week, work on him to fly out. I want him to meet my father anyway.”  She looked at him sincerely.  “I knew this was going to happen...” She shook her head walking out of the kitchen.
When Sarah walked out of the guest ranch, Richie and Matt were standing by the truck together, not speaking.  They both watched her with serious eyes as she walked up to them.
“No one’s died, okay you two?”
Richie shrugged and walked away.  
Matt opened the passenger door for her and she got in.  He didn’t look at her as he walked around and got in on the driver’s side. When he shut the door, Matt finally turned to her.
“…So?”
“You know what’s happening here. I have to go… Please take me back to John’s so I can pack a few things.”
“You’re not taking everything?”
She scooted closer to him and held his face in her hands. She could see her reflection in his sad eyes.  
“No, I don’t need everything. I’ll be back… My grandfather really is very sick and I need to see him.”
He let out the breath he’d been holding.  “Okay.” He started up the truck and drove back to his grandfather’s ranch.  A few miles before they arrived, she asked him to stop. When he pulled over and turned off the ignition, she was in his arms.
He swallowed. “Honey… I’m not losing you, am I?”
She pulled back and started kissing all over his face – his eyes, nose, cheeks, along his jaw… When she came back to his mouth, he had a smile for her. Sarah planted a juicy one on his lips that became sexual, full of promises…
“No,” she whispered. He hugged her tightly to him, their cheeks together.  Matt kissed her cheek and then smiled at her.
“Okay, but I’ll feel better once we’re married.”
“Really?” It was Sarah’s turn to be surprised. “What brought that attitude change?”
“If we’re married, you’ll have to come back to me.”
Sarah laughed.  “If that makes you feel better, then great…”
He started the truck back up and drove the last miles to his grandfather’s ranch.  She packed a light bag and went to talk to John. It was almost as hard to say goodbye to him, as it was to Matt.  She dearly loved John too, as he did her.  They hugged and said their See you soons…
Matt drove her back to the guest ranch, stopped the truck and started to get out. Sarah put a hand on his arm.
“Don’t… Let’s say goodbye here.”
He looked at her again like his heart was breaking.  “…Um…”
“Come with me, Matt…”
“… To Baltimore?”
“Yes.  Why not?”
“Sarah, I can’t live in Baltimore.”
“I’m not asking you to live there, just come with me now…”
Matt ran a hand through his hair and his eyes were uncertain.  “… I don’t know.”
She shrugged, “Okay, but when you do know, you know how to reach me.” She dug a business card out of her purse and handed it to him. “My cell phone number is on there.”  
Sarah gazed at him and reluctantly opened her door. “I won’t sleep well tonight without you…”
Matt gazed back at her. With a hitch in his voice, he answered, “… I won’t sleep at all.” Her stomach clenched…
She leaned back to kiss him one last time and got out of the truck with her small case.  Sarah walked up the steps to the front door and looked back one last time. Matt was staring at the card she’d given him.  He looked out at her, she waved and then went in – She heard his truck start up and leave.  It took all her strength not to go running after him as he drove away.  Instead, she squared her shoulders and set her mind for the long task ahead – Getting back to Baltimore and dealing with her family…



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

It was a long drive to Reno and a mostly quiet one.  Ben didn’t have many questions for her – He could see she’d made up her mind anyway.  Saying goodbye to Dan was hard too. When they’d arrived, she gave him a hug.
“Still got that horseshoe?”
“…Yep, it’s worked so far.”
“…Hang onto it, miss. We want to see you again soon.”
“You will, Dan. I’ll let you know when I’m coming back.”
The next day on the airplane, Ben noticed that she’d changed her clothes.
“You look nice, Sarah. More like yourself.”
Sarah looked down at her tailored slacks and Italian blouse.  She’d never felt less like herself…
“Thanks, Ben, but this is just for Baltimore.  I’m so much more comfortable in my jeans.”
He didn’t speak much to her after that and she busied herself with a sweet email Matt had sent her.  They’d spoken on the phone last night before she went to sleep and she’d given him her email address.  Matt had gone into Wells to call her and then write her the email, which she loved.  She’s received it this morning and had read it over and over…

Honey,

This seems a strange way to communicate with you. I’m so used to having you in my arms. For now…
Last night without you was lonely. To say I missed you doesn’t begin to
describe my feelings. I couldn’t sleep and tried to read. When that didn’t work, I got up and went into the kitchen. John wasn’t sleeping either, so
we ended up playing chess.  He misses you too… 
When are you coming back to me?
I went to brush my teeth last night and noticed my toothbrush was gone, of course… I promise you can keep it, if you promise to come home soon.
Tomorrow the new horses are arriving and you won’t be here to see them. Our ranch is nearly ready to move into, but I won’t do it without you. I can’t… I’m pretty much stuck in neutral until you’re in my arms again.

All my love, 
Matt

And she’d written a quick email back to him, not knowing if he’d even receive it.

Matt,

Come to Baltimore… I’ll be expecting you every day.

Love,
Sarah

After reading his lovely email a few dozen times, Sarah glanced over at Ben.  She thought of Matt and compared him with Ben.  There was no… absolutely no comparison.  Matt, the handsome cowboy, wanted, needed, adored and loved her.  Of that, she was sure… She wasn’t too sure if Ben even liked her.  He’d never acted much like it.  Now that Sarah had a real frame of reference for love thanks to Matt, she saw that Ben had been a pretty poor match for her.  Even though she’d sort of thought so at the time, her weeks spent with Matt completely blew everyone else out of the water. 
 Once the plane had landed in Baltimore and she’d gotten her bag from baggage claim, she found her father waiting for her by ground transportation.  Sarah’s eyes lit up when she saw Robert for the first time, in a long time.  Ben followed behind.
“Sarah!” Robert yelled when he saw her. As soon as she was close enough, he gave her a huge hug.  “God, I’ve missed you so. Let me take a look at you.”  He glanced at her and smiled. “There’s something really different about you, sweetie.”
“Hi, Dad.  I’ve missed you too.”
Then he saw Ben and reached over to shake hands. “Thanks for going, Ben.  See you tomorrow.”
“Fine.  Bye, Sarah.  It’s good to have you home again.” Ben smiled at them both and left the airport.
Robert put an arm around his lovely daughter and carried her bag out for her.  “I have a driver who’s circling. It’ll take him a minute to get back.”
Sarah laughed. “A driver and a limo… I’ve forgotten about those kinds of transportation.”
“How do you get around at the ranch? Horseback?”
His big smile left his face when she nodded at him. “Yes, it’s great.”
He tried again. “Are you tired, Sarah? Could you come over tonight for dinner? I’d love to hear about your Western adventure.”
“Well, how’s Grandfather? Shouldn’t I go see him?”
“… Not tonight.  He knows you’re coming and tomorrow will be soon enough. He’ll be asleep by now anyway.”
When the limo arrived, Robert took Sarah back to his house and ordered in a good dinner from one of the nice restaurants she’d also forgotten about.  They were sitting at his huge, mahogany dinner table, complete with linen and lighted candles when Robert began his interrogation.
“So tell me…” Robert poured her a nice glass of wine.  “I know you’d rather have a beer, but humor me…” He smiled at her.
“Where should I start?”
“Start with him – Gregory Peck.  I know you’ve fallen for someone, Sarah. I could see it on your face at the airport.  Did Ben meet him?”
“No, Matt and Ben never met. Matt was pretty unhappy that I was going. I didn’t think it’d be a good idea for them to meet.”
“So…”
“Well, you were right.”
“Really? That’s a first, huh?” He laughed at her.
Sarah smiled. “You told me to go find Gregory Peck and I did. His name is Matt Garth.  He’s handsome, smart, has dark, wavy hair and is incredibly sexy.”
“Whoa… Not sure I want to hear that part.”
She rolled her eyes.  “Dad… Do you mean to tell me that wasn’t a big part of your attraction to Mom?”
“Damn, Sarah… What did happen to you out there?”
“… My eyes were opened and my spirits lifted.  I found friends, love, a wonderful man and a new home.”
“… A new home?”
“Yes, Dad.  Yell all you want but I’m moving to Nevada and marrying Matt.”
“You’re getting married?” His fork stopped midair with a bite of crab on it.
She nodded. “I love him, so I said yes.”
“You haven’t been gone long enough to even get to know him.”
“… How long does it take?”
That had him stumped. Sarah smiled and ate another bite of her lobster. It was delicious…
“While I’m blowing your mind, I also have a new job.”
“Doing what?”
“Working as a cook’s assistant at the guest ranch.”
Robert almost choked on his langostino.  She was calmly throwing her life away…
“Sarah, are you nuts?  To recap here, you’re moving to a remote part of Nevada, working as a cook and marrying a cowboy?”
She laughed. “You got some of it right.  I’ll be a cook’s assistant, but Matt just bought a good ranch next to his grandfather’s place.  He’ll be a rancher and take over his grandfather’s spread after he passes. Matt will do fine, Dad.  Probably much better than fine…”
“Okay, the part about the boyfriend sounds better, but a cook’s assistant, Sarah? What about your computer business plans?”
“I’d like to do that too, but right now, that part of Nevada doesn’t have good satellite coverage for cell phone service, much less Internet coverage.”
Robert knit his brows over that. “Hmmm… Maybe I can do something to help you out there.  Your grandfather and I are not without connections with the FCC.”
“You know people at the Federal Communication Commission?”
“Yes, sweetie.  As governor of this fair state, your grandfather had fingers in many pies.”  He grinned at her expression. “Maybe we can work a deal for you to get coverage. Then you can start your online business.”
Sarah got up and walked over to hug him. “Thank you, Dad.  I do love you.”
“More than Matt?”
“… Different kind of love…”
After dinner, they went into the living room with glasses of champagne to celebrate.
“Champagne?”
“It’s not often that my only, beloved daughter gets married.  Have you told him about us and our life here?”
“Yes…”
“What does he think?”
“He’ll need to experience the East before he really gets it.  And he needs to meet you and Grandfather.”
“So when is he coming? I noticed you came alone.”
“He’s got to work up his courage, I think.”
“To meet me?”
“No, he won’t have any problem with that.  I think he’s just afraid that you and our way of life here will lure me back.”
Robert smiled. “Then I’ll have to inform him that you were a Westerner before you became one. I never thought you fit in here.”
“Please tell him that.”
“I will when I get to meet him.  And this guy I’ve got to meet.”
They smiled and raised their glasses.
“Here’s to love, Sarah…”
“Thanks, Dad, for not going crazy and telling me I can’t do this.”
“What’s the point? You’re of age and would do it anyway.”
They laughed and drank their champagne.
Robert gave her a sly look. “Sure you won’t miss these niceties? Limo, driver, lobster, champagne… These are daily occurrences in our lives, Sarah. We’re wealthy people.”
“You’ll need to come out when I’m settled, Dad. Matt’s bought a wonderful ranch with a beautiful house, land, property, horses…I think you’d approve.”
“… And these niceties?”
“There’s champagne and lobster in Nevada. I don’t need a driver, and a limo would get stuck on the dirt roads.”
It was Robert’s turn to roll his eyes. “Would Matt be upset if I give you money from time to time? Maybe I can buy you a horse or a cow occasionally.”
Sarah laughed.  “Well, I’ll take the contributions, even if he won’t. You can ask him yourself, when you meet him.”
He took another sip. “You’ve said that before.  So he is coming out?”
“I sure hope so. I miss him already…”
“All right, sweetie. You’re probably tired and I need to get you over to the hospital tomorrow.”
“Okay.”
“And I still want to hear about this horse drive Abby commented about.  Did you do that?”
A big smile spread across Sarah’s face. “That was one of the highlights of the trip, besides meeting Matt. I promise to tell you about it and how I fell in a river trying to rescue a friend.”
Robert choked on his drink. “What?”
“Night, Dad…” Sarah walked over to kiss her dad on the cheek and went back to a guest bedroom.  She smiled thinking that Robert was taking it all very well.  She’d have much to tell Matt when he called tomorrow night. Speaking of Matt, she pulled his toothbrush out of her cosmetic bag and laughed.  
“I have to get him a new toothbrush. I’ll never give up his…”



CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

“How are those new horses you brought in, Matt? They look like a pretty fair bunch.”
“They are, Grandpa, but I’ll need a trainer to come help me for awhile. I was thinking of hiring Richie.”
“Your friend at the guest ranch? Sure, good choice.  Seth thinks he’s a good cowboy and horse trainer.”
Matt and John were standing in the John’s kitchen having a cup of coffee.
Matt took a last slurp, put down his cup and started out the door.
“It’s been over a week, son…”
Matt looked over at him, his hand on the doorknob. “Yeah, I know.”
“…So?”
“So, what?”
“Have you bought a ticket yet?”
Matt blew out a breath. “Nope…”
“What’s keeping you here, son?”
“She’s visiting with her family…I…I…don’t want to interrupt.”
“…Yes, you do. Aren’t you two talking?”
He nodded. “I call her every night.”
“And?”
“She wants me to fly out.”
“Why aren’t you on the next plane?”
He blew out another breath, bigger this time. “…It’s Baltimore.”
“Afraid of a big city or her father?”
“… Both and neither…”
John laughed.  “Go get a ticket.”

Matt drove over to the guest ranch to speak with Richie.  Dale saw him first and steered him into the dining room.
“Have you heard from Sarah?”
“Yes, Dale. She’s fine.”
“When’s she coming back?”
Matt spoke to some spot on the floor. “I’m not sure.  Her grandfather is just out of the hospital.”
Dale’s mouth dropped. “Haven’t you bought a ticket yet?”
“No…”
“What are you waiting for?”
“Have you been speaking to John?”
“No, but maybe I should…”
Matt looked uneasy. “I have to find Richie. I’ll see you later.”
He left the room with Dale shaking his head.
“… Youth…”

Matt found Richie in the barn grooming some of the horses.  He looked at Matt and shook his head. He put his brushes down in the hay.
“What?”
“You look like shit, man…”
That stopped him. “Thanks a ton…”
“I don’t mean to sound like Dr. Phil, but are you sleeping at all?”
“… Not much.”
“When’s she coming back?”
Matt ran a hand through his hair nervously.
“You’re the third person to ask me that today.”
“Well?” 
“…Ah…”
“Have you bought a ticket? If she isn’t here yet, you need to get back there. She probably needs you.”
He brightened. “Do you think so?”
Richie stood there in the barn, arms folded across his chest, tapping a foot on the ground. “Damn, Matt. Aren’t you talking to her at all?”
“… Every night.”
“What does she say? Stay in Nevada because I don’t want to see you? Get a grip, man, and go buy a ticket.”  Matt swallowed hard.  “Scared of her dad?”
“Hell, no.”
“Then what?”
“Tell you the truth, I’m a little nervous about flying.”
Richie started laughing.  “Is that all?”
“…Is that all?”
“Take a pill,” he said between bouts of laughter. “And get on that damn plane.”  Matt nodded.
“Can we please discuss what I came here to talk with you about now?”
“Go for it.”
Matt arranged to have Richie come stay with John and take care of his new horses while he was gone.  Then he drove to Wells and bought a ticket leaving the next day for Baltimore.

####

Meanwhile, in Baltimore, Sarah was over at her grandfather’s luxurious home visiting and cooking for him.  He had a nurse for most things he needed and a staff there at the house.  
“You don’t have to do that, dear, I have a cook, you know.” He smiled indulgently at her.
“… I realize that, Grandfather, but I love to cook.”
“So tell me about Matt.”
“You’ve been speaking with Dad, haven’t you?”
“… Yes. He’s filled me in with most of the picture, but…”
“…But?”
“Look at me, Sarah.”
They were in his large, sunny kitchen – She was at the stove and he was sitting at the breakfast table.  She turned around to look at him.
“Okay…”
“So this is what you really want? To move to Nevada and become a rancher’s wife?”
“Yes, Grandfather.  It truly is.”
“Your father’s concerned that you’ve known him for such a short time, but he proposed to your mother pretty quickly, as I recall.”
“I’ve heard that,” she smiled at him.
“… And she was a small town girl… You’re the spitting image of her, Sarah.  You know that, don’t you?”
She walked over to sit down by him at the breakfast table.
“I do, Grandfather. Please give us your blessing…  Dad’s waiting to meet him first.”
“Don’t worry about your father. I just don’t want you disappearing from our lives.  Will you fly out a few times a year and stay with one of us?”
“Of course, we will. You need to meet Matt’s grandfather, John Garth.”
“Why’s that?”
“… Because he could double for John Wayne, one of your favorite movie stars.”
“… Damn, really?”
“He’s a big, imposing figure – much like you, I might add.” Sarah smiled broadly at him and he winked at her.
“Would Matt be upset if I made an investment or two in his ranching business?”
“You’d have to ask him…”
His eyes started twinkling at her. “So when’s he coming? You’re here, I can’t believe he’d hold out for very long.”
She smiled. “He’s flying out tomorrow. Abby can’t wait to meet him either.” She stopped and took his hand.  “He’s a cowboy, Grandfather, and a wonderful man.”
“… Then I’ll love him too – Even though he’s taking away one of my best campaign workers.  I’ll miss your help, you know.”
“I know…”
“And how about that crummy boss of yours.  You did quit, right?”
“Yes.  He’s been all right. Initially, he threatened to sue me for a two-weeks notice, but he’s gotten so many grievances to fight off from the rest of his employees, that he just let me go without a hassle.”
“Good riddance…”
She finished what she was cooking and they shared a quiet lunch together. He was obviously on the mend and feeling much better.
“Tomorrow night is the victory party at the convention center, Sarah. Will you come down for it? You worked to help defeat the governor’s opponent too. Please come…”
She just shook her head and smiled. “Matt’s going to meet you and Dad at a campaign party? With all the noise and hoopla, balloons and people everywhere?”
“It’s as good a place as any, sweetie.”
“Okay… Bring on the Hughes’ political machine.”
“He’ll get a good taste of what we’re about, at least, before he heads back to his peace and quiet.”
She laughed. “I hear that…”

####

Wow… The flight over had been a little hair-raising.  Especially trying to take off from the airport in Reno – All those surrounding mountains caused some turbulence and Matt was concerned he’d lose his lunch.  But the anxiety passed… He was interested in all the states he was flying over, many he’d never been in.  The pilot would come on to say a word or two about each one. He’d gotten provocative looks from a few of the flight attendants, as well as some female passengers.  Matt wasn’t immune to being scrutinized by women – They just had no interest for him… He was flying to the only woman he was interested in or would be. Sarah had captured his heart and he was reined in…
When he arrived in Baltimore, Matt walked outside the airport to catch a cab.  Sarah had told him where to meet her – And he knew he was walking into the thick of things with her family, but so be it.  He knew too that he’d be on stage and would be meeting her father and grandfather. That was okay too. It was time…
Arriving at the convention center, the noise was all the way out into the street. Apparently, their candidate had won and a big party was going on.  Good… He could use a beer.  Matt walked in and looked around. Everywhere he looked, there were people, people and more people.  He didn’t think there were this many people in all of northeastern Nevada… No sign of Sarah… He noticed a coat check area and walked over to check his small suitcase.  
He was receiving some more interesting looks – Probably because of his Western-cut jacket, jeans, shirt and bolo tie. His big cowboy hat and boots set him off too.  He stood out in a sea of business suits and ties – Didn’t bother him.
After walking around a bit, Matt finally asked someone if they knew Robert Hughes. Of course, everyone did and Robert was pointed out sitting with some people at one of the tables.  A band had started and a dance floor was now covered with people dancing and laughing. It looked like a good party…
Out of the corner of his eye, Robert saw Matt walking towards him. He knew him immediately… Who else could it be?  Matt made quite a first impression, a powerful one – A solid built man in jeans, Western jacket and cowboy hat striding his way.  His face was open, friendly, even though Robert figured he was probably nervous.  He looked like a man to be reckoned with… And he was thinking Way to go, Sarah… Robert asked the people at his table if they wouldn’t mind leaving.  He made no excuses – They left and he stood as Matt reached him.
Matt’s first impressions were what Sarah had said – Jeans meeting an expensive designer suit.  He smiled and reached out his hand to shake Robert’s.
“Mr. Hughes?”
“Yes.”
“Matt Garth.”
“I know who you are and it’s nice to meet you, Matt.”
“Pleasure to meet you, sir.”
“Have a seat?”
“Thank you.”
Matt sat by Robert at the table and took off his cowboy hat. He set it on the table, brim up which made Robert smile.
“So...”
“Sir?”
“… So you’re the love of my daughter’s life,” he smiled broadly at him.
“I sure hope so, sir.”
“Would you like something to drink?”
“Whatever you’re having.”
Robert spoke to an assistant at another table who got up to get the drinks.
“Sarah’s not here right now. She and her friend, Abby, are running late.  It appears we have some time together.”
“All right.”
“If I may be blunt, what is it that you want, young man?” Robert thought Matt to be a handsome young man, polite and to the point. He could see why Sarah liked him.
“… I want to marry your daughter, sir, if she’ll still have me.”
“I don’t doubt that, son, but what took you so long to get here?”
“I was being an idiot…” Matt smiled at him.
Robert laughed. “Well, we’re all fools in love, Matt.  I was the same around her mother.” He was quiet for a minute as they looked at one another.  The assistant brought a couple of martinis over and placed them in front of Matt and Robert.
“You two haven’t known each other for very long.”
“How long is long enough?”
“… Good point. I proposed to her mother after two weeks myself.” Matt smiled again at him.
“So do I have your permission, sir?”
“I have a few questions for you first.”
“… Certainly.”
“You’ve bought your ranch in Nevada?”
“Yes, sir.  It’s not far from my grandfather’s ranch, up by Wells.”
“So you’ll be raising horses?”
“Horses and cattle.”
“You’re a cattle rancher then.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you think that’s the kind of life my daughter wants? As a rancher’s wife?  Look around you. This has been her home for twenty-five years.”
“I mean no disrespect, sir, but her home’s with me now, in Nevada.”
Robert looked hard at him, taking him in. He scratched his chin…
“I do believe you’re right, Matt.  She never fit in here very well, although she tried hard.  And she drove me nuts watching all those Western movies.  Has she told you about Gregory Peck yet?”
Matt got a big smile on his face. “Yes, I’ve heard about Peck…”
“Pretty brave of you to step into the lion’s den, as it were.”
“… I should have stepped sooner, Mr. Hughes.”
“Call me, Robert, please, if you’re to be my son-in-law.” He shook his head. “I always knew she was a small town girl.”
“We’ve discussed what’s involved with ranching, Robert. I bought the ranch before she had to leave and we’ve been working on the house together.”
“Have you moved in?”
“Not yet. I couldn’t do it without her.”
Robert’s eyes misted.  It hit him that his beloved daughter would be leaving him to make her own home, her own way in the world – and with another man.  It’s a tough moment for any father and Matt knew it. It occurred to Robert that he was actually standing in their way.  
“All right, Matt. I give my blessing for your marriage.” He reached out his hand to shake Matt’s.
“Thank you, sir.”
Robert then saw his father coming their way. “…Listen, you’re back on stage again. Here comes her grandfather.” He smiled at him. “Good luck, son.”
He raised his glass to him and Matt picked up his to do the same.  They both took good swallows and then her grandfather was standing by their table.
“Matt Garth, may I present Governor Henry Hughes,” said Robert. Matt stood to shake hands.
“That’s former Governor,” Henry said to him.
“Pleased to meet you, sir.” They both had strong handshakes.
“Same to you, Mr. Garth.”
“Matt, please. I’m glad to see you’re feeling much better.”
Henry came around the table to sit down by Matt.
“What are we drinking, Robert?”
“Martinis…”
Robert signaled to his assistant again who rose to fetch another round, while it was Henry’s turn to ask questions of Matt.
“What do you do in Nevada, son?”
“I’m into horse and cattle ranching, sir.”
“I understand you’ve just bought your own ranch…”
“Yes, sir. I’ve been working towards that goal for several years now. I had some luck with some good investments, plus some capital that my grandfather loaned me.”
“Your grandfather lives close?”
“Ten miles away.  We’re going to blend the ranches because I will inherit his ranch someday.”
“I’ve done some research. You have good grazing and water?”
“Yes, sir. That’s why the ranch purchase is a good one.  It’ll add more grazing for our cattle and I’ll have the water rights I need as well.”
“You sound like a smart young man.”
“I hope so, sir.”
Henry paused and took a good look at Matt.
“You remind me some of my father – He was a real go-getter like you and started the shipping company here in Baltimore.”
“You’re in shipping?”
Henry chuckled. “I guess Sarah didn’t want to give you all the family news at once. Yes, I inherited a major shipping company, which I was hoping Sarah’s husband would take over.” Matt gave him a quiet look.  “That’s probably not going to happen, is it?”
“Not if I’m fortunate enough to be Sarah’s husband.”
Henry smiled at him. “I like you, Matt.  If you should decide that ranching isn’t for you, I could use you.  Think about it.”
“All right, Governor, that’s enough pressure.” Robert looked at Matt. “Do you have any questions for us?”
“Yes, sir.  Where’s your daughter?”
That made both Robert and Henry start laughing.  Robert got out his cell phone to call her when in she walked with Abby.  They looked around for Robert’s table and saw the three of them sitting and talking.  Matt hadn’t seen her yet.
“My God, Sarah. Is that him?”
“Yes,” Sarah smiled. “At long last and meeting the Inquisition.”
Abby gasped. “He’s gorgeous… Well, I see you found your Gregory Peck.”
“He does bear a striking resemblance, doesn’t he?”
“Wow…”
She was smiling at him when he glanced over and noticed her.  She walked to the table and Matt rose to greet her.  Sarah took his hand.
“Hi…”
“Hi, yourself.” They smiled at each other…
“Matt Garth, meet my friend, Abby March.  Abby, this is Matt.”
He reached over to shake her hand with his free one. “Pleased to meet you, ma’am.”
“… Likewise.” Abby blinked… Ma’am? Wow again.
Sarah looked around the table at her father and grandfather.  “Have you asked him all the questions you need to right now?”
Robert and Henry both nodded at her. Frankly, they were speechless when they saw Matt and Sarah together.  Even though she wore an Italian designer dress and he wore a Western jacket and jeans, it was obvious to all that they were a good fit. You only had to open your eyes to see that…
“Good because we’re leaving now.” Matt dutifully picked up his cowboy hat
off the table. They all watched him put it on and he wondered what the big deal was. He leaned over the table to shake hands with Henry.
“Governor, nice to meet you.”
“You bet, Matt. We’ll get together again at my place before you leave.”
“Yes, sir.” He reached over to shake hands with Robert and held his gaze.
“Thanks, sir, for everything.” Robert winked at him.
“My pleasure, son. See you soon.”
They said goodbye to Abby and walked out of the convention center together, holding hands. They stole shy glances at each other.
“… So you came…”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“What took you so long?”
He smiled broadly at her.  “Stuck in traffic?”
She raised an eyebrow at him. “… Hardly…”
“Could we go somewhere to talk?”
Sarah laughed.  “You want to talk?”
Matt laughed too. “… Maybe, afterwards…”
“Lucky for us both, I have a very nice bed… Maybe we can talk there.”
“Yeah, maybe…”
Once they’d left the building, Sarah went right into Matt’s outstretched arms.  She didn’t even hesitate… And Matt didn’t hesitate to kiss Sarah passionately -- The heat from their kiss could be felt thirty feet away.  In the big city, people averted their eyes or smiled as they went around them. Eventually, Matt and Sarah broke for breath – A familiar pattern with them…
“… Matt?”
“What, honey?”
“… Would you ride the river with me?” 
A big smile spread across Matt’s face as he gazed at the woman he loved.
“I thought you’d never ask…” 

The End



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Jeanne Harrell lives in Nevada with her husband.  They are both long time Nevadans mired in the Old West spirit.  Traveling to different places in the country, especially the western states, gives Jeanne ideas for her books.

From Jeanne
Thank you very much for taking the time and having the interest to read one of her stories. I appreciate it more than you know.  There’s not enough love out in the world, so these are my attempts at adding a little more.  If you have any comments you’d like to share with me, please write on the blog page of my website – www.jeanneharrell.com.  I would love to hear from you.


Jeanne’s next book is entitled Persuaded.

Anne Barrett and Mike Lawrence fell deeply in love when they were still in college and had wanted to marry.  After graduation, Mike joined the Navy and had orders to go back East for medical school.  Anne couldn’t leave due to serious familial obligations and they broke up bitterly. 
Four years later, Mike returns on leave to visit his sister.  Now he’s a medical doctor and seemingly not the man she knew.  Anne watches from afar as he dates a friend.  Does he remember her at all?  Because she’s never forgotten him…


