DARK CREATIONS:
GABRIEL RISING
Part 1&2

A novel
By Jennifer and Christopher Martucci
This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are a product of the authors’ imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
DARK CREATIONS: GABRIEL RISING PART 1 & 2
Published by Jennifer and Christopher Martucci at Smashwords 
Copyright © 2011 Jennifer and Christopher Martucci
All rights reserved.
First edition: October 2011
Cover design by Indie Designz 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



For the power of man to make himself what he pleases, as we have seen, the power of some men to make other men what they please.
 – C. S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man
Prologue

Sergei Sokolov would have chosen to be anywhere other than his current location—stationed at an obscure site just outside an alleged mobster’s lair.  He closed his eyes and squeezed the bridge of his nose, frustrated from weeks of staking out a prominent member of the Russian Mafia and his gang from the driver’s side of his unmarked car.  Instead, Sergei momentarily focused his thoughts on his wife, Antonina, and their newborn daughter, Anna.  Both were so beautiful, so warm, and so far away. 
Separated by nearly a thousand miles, the distance between he and his family seemed vast, endless. Homesick and in desperate need of solace, he flipped down the visor just above his head and was immediately greeted by his wife’s smiling face, beaming with pride, holding their daughter in her arms. The image, a photograph taped to the shade, was comforting, and briefly made him forget what was troubling him.
Sergei’s heartening reflections were interrupted by his partner, Yuri Popov, feverishly rustling papers. 
“Could you be a little louder?” Sergei asked, his words dripping with sarcasm and bitterness.  “I can’t even think with all that noise!”
“Sorry! Didn’t know I was bothering you,” Yuri replied with matching acid in his tone.  “What the hell is your problem, man?”
Though he would have loved to rattle off a list cataloging his many complaints about their present assignment, he refrained from doing so, opting instead to respond with a generic “nothing” when, in fact, something felt off.
Their location, the stakeout, the men they were shadowing, all of it felt wrong. Sergei could not quite identify exactly what was wrong, but he could feel it deep in his core.  A sort of sixth sense he prided himself on possessing during his fifteen years with the Russian Police indicated that trouble lurked just beyond the confines of their vehicle. As an agent of the central law-enforcement body in Russia who operated under the Ministry of Internal Affairs, Sergei had employed his instinctive perception to solve more crimes and apprehend more criminals than he cared to admit.
Seated in his unremarkable tan sedan with the heating system activated at full force, Sergei felt goose bumps dimple his flesh despite the warmth of the car. Both he and Yuri had been patrolling incognito, surveying the comings and goings of a Russian mob boss and his crew. Thanks to intelligence collected by the Ministry of Internal Affairs about possible shipments of plutonium to a port in the Avacha Bay, they were both sent to the Kamchatka Peninsula to the city of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. 
Several mysterious communications intercepted by the Ministry revealed that the recipient of the plutonium batches was a member of the Russian Mafia, a development that, if corroborated, could prove disastrous. To that end, Sergei understood the need for his presence, its urgency. But the necessity of his attendance did not ease his misgivings about leaving his wife and child. The prospect of validating or invalidating the cryptic claim did little to abate his intuitive qualms; he was stricken by the notion that something far worse than the possibility of mobsters with plutonium awaited. 
Situated just down the road from a brick warehouse with hundreds of miles of woodlands to their rear, thus far, Sergei and Yuri had not seen any deliveries other than lumber companies. Such transfers were appropriate as the dossier provided by his department stated that the formidable repository, which featured approximately thirty four thousand square feet and occupied an entire block of real estate, housed timber.  Nestled in the expansive area, the Ministry suspected that a three thousand square foot office existed and was operated by the Russian Mafia.
As Sergei and Yuri sat vigil outside the expansive storehouse in tense silence, the sun began its descent into the frozen horizon line, relinquishing its weak grip on the day and surrendering in shades of deep orange and salmon to darkening breadths of violet sky.  The enfeebled rays of dwindling light transformed the bleached landscape to an unearthly electric blue, lending it a preternatural eeriness. 
Blanketed by cyan shadows, the scenery around them became unnatural, ethereal.
“The countryside looks like something out of a horror movie, no?” Sergei commented.
“Am I allowed to speak without disturbing you, Sergei?” his partner asked derisively. “I wouldn’t want to interrupt you or anything, seeing as how you’ve become so sensitive to noise,” Yuri continued.
Sergei laughed aloud, heartily, for the first time in long while.
“Oh man! I guess I am a bit sensitive lately, aren’t I?” he asked still chuckling. “You know how it is, Yuri, to be away from your family. It’s hard.”
“But it’s our job. It’s what we signed on for,” Yuri rationalized. “This assignment will end, and you will be back with your family again.”
“I know, I know. I just wish I didn’t have to be away from Anna so soon.  She is so young. I wonder if she’ll remember me when I return.”
“She’ll remember you. Don’t worry about that. And she’ll thank you someday for catching scumbags like the ones were tailing and preventing a possible nuclear catastrophe.”
Sergei said nothing. He knew his partner was right, that their current task would end as all others did– hopefully with several arrests—and they would both go home to their loved ones. But the notion of home never seemed so remote.
While Sergei Sokolov contemplated his pronounced, albeit, unreasonable, sense of impending dread, a tapping noise distracted him.
“Yuri,” he said. “Do you hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“That tapping noise,” Sergei paused, lowering the radio and heating system. 
The soft drumming continued.
“What tapping noise?” Yuri asked, confused. “Turn the heat back on, I’m freezing, man.”
“Listen, dammit!” he ordered. 
Tap. Tap. Tap. 
The patter continued, like the sound of sleet against a tin roof, beating ceaselessly against the rear of the unmarked police cruiser.
“What the hell?” Yuri questioned. “What could be making that sound?”
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Sergei and Yuri both twisted in their seats toward the rear window. The sun’s complete submission to the otherworldly blue of twilight cloaked the back end of their car in gloom, bound it in lengths of sapphire ribbon that appeared to glide then hover, waiting, but not still.  
Tap. Tap. Tap
Confounded, Sergei was uncertain of what his eyes struggled to see but was certain that something evil lingered in the shadows.
“I’m going out there,” Yuri declared as he unclipped his gun from its holster. “It’s probably a goddamn squirrel. Little rodent needs to be put out of its misery.”
Sergei opened his mouth to speak, to warn Yuri, but his argument was based on nothing tangible, just intuition. And despite the elusiveness of his hunch, he fought to repress telling his partner of his gut feeling.  Before Sergei could deter his partner from venturing into the murk alone, Yuri was already out of the car. 
“This shouldn’t take long. Stay here and keep your eyes where they need to be,” Yuri smiled as he tipped his head toward the warehouse.
“Hey wait. Hold on a second!” Sergei attempted but was silenced by a closing car door.
He closed his eyes, shook his head and attempted to dismiss the feeling troubling him as nothing more than a suspicion easily remedied by a hot shower and a good meal. 
Sergei watched as Yuri circled the front of the car first, gripping his pistol with both hands. The warehouse, the focus of their stakeout, loomed ominously in the distance. With only two windows illuminated on the third floor and several lit on the ground floor, the building was a sinister face behind Sergei’s partner, menacing. Rounding the front bumper, Yuri drew near the driver’s side window. He scrunched his face in mock determination raising his weapon out in front of his body in a two-handed grip. Once parallel to his window, Sergei watched as his partner turned his head and grinned before assuming his parody of an officer in pursuit.
Sergei laughed again. 
He turned the radio back on and relaxed a bit as his partner disappeared behind their vehicle. He guessed that momentarily, his partner would return having successfully chased off a starving squirrel. 
Sergei waited for his partner to return. Interminable moments passed. Yuri did not return.
He twisted in his seat again, looked to the rear of the vehicle where the tapping noise had begun. He did not see his partner. Darkness had encircled the back end of their cruiser. Sergei strained his eyes against the blackness, desperately trying to decipher a shape of any kind but saw nothing, a blackened void.
The abnormal blackness unsettled Sergei more profoundly that any presentiment he ever experienced. It had become too dark too quickly. 
His hand began to tremble involuntarily as he reached for his radio, deeply suspecting that both he and Yuri were in danger, and in need of backup. 
As his fingertips grazed the transponder, a loud crashing against the car jolted him. Reflexively, Sergei squeezed his eyes shut, preparing for an implosion of safety glass. His mind raced, reasoning that a car crashing into their sedan had generated such a sound.  
Sergei opened his eyes immediately and expected to see a car pulling away. He instantly realized, however, that another car was not responsible for the thunderous clamor. It was something else entirely. 
Before him, atop the hood of his vehicle, Yuri Popov’s lifeless body was splayed. His mouth was agape, screaming soundlessly; his eyes wide with terror. Yuri’s body was battered, the look of torture fixed on his face.  Sergei tried to tear his eyes from the horrific image before him, needed to look away, but was held, shocked. 
Suddenly, Sergei could not hear a sound. The world had gone silent, completely still. He held his breath, could have sworn he heard the distinct tapping return at the trunk through the unearthly static.
Tap. Tap. Tap. 
It had returned.
The tapping was muffled, however, by the sound of his own heartbeat thundering against his ribcage.
He was dizzied, sickened by the mangled corpse of his partner positioned on the hood of the car. His mind raced nearly as fast as his pulse, searching for a logical explanation, but came up empty. Someone, or something, had dropped Yuri onto the vehicle and left his body a twisted, distorted heap of broken bones.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
The sound was incessant, maddening.
Sergei retrieved his radio and immediately called for backup, alerted other units that there was an officer down. He then grabbed his pistol from his hip holster and released the safety before flipping down the visor above his head and grabbing the picture of his wife, Antonina and daughter, Anna. Placing the photograph in the inner breast-pocket of his jacket, Sergei climbed out of the cruiser.
He left the door ajar to allow the meager light it provided to penetrate the thickening night, and then moved cautiously to the rear of the vehicle.
He listened intently for the tapping sound, but heard nothing. There was no crackling of dried tree branches. No animals stirred or scurried. The street, just a short distance away, was soundless. The surrounding area was strangled, stifled.
Sergei’s heart continued at a dangerous pace. He breathed unevenly in short shallow breaths, expecting at any minute to be met with a mysterious adversary. 
A sudden horn blast from the lumber warehouse made Sergei jump and nearly wet himself. Releasing one hand from his revolver and clutching his chest, Sergei stopped briefly. After several deep inhalations and exhalations, he was not calmed but slightly less jumpy. 
He skirted the trunk of the car and found nothing, then turned the corner to return to the front of the vehicle, where his partner, Yuri lay dead. Sergei felt dread flow through every vein in his body. He did not want to see Yuri in the condition he was in. 
Circling the car with his weapon in hand, Sergei Sokolov’s watchful gaze was met by a pair of wide-set, honey-colored eyes. 
In the distance the eyes were almond-shaped, feline.  They seemed to float in the obscurity.
Questioning his sense of depth perception, Sergei guessed the eyes belonged to some sort of mountain lion. But they looked too small, and too high up.
Familiar with the terrain, he knew there were no foothills in the immediate surroundings, so the animal did not stand atop an elevated perch.
Suddenly, he heard footfalls. Heavy treads began crunching down on ice-crusted snow. Slowly at first, they advanced toward him then picked up speed.
Sergei fired his gun at the approaching beast. He was certain a bullet had hit it yet it kept coming, faster and faster. He had not injured it.
He squeezed the trigger again and again, emptying his clip as he fired into the blackness. Impossibly, the animal still advanced.
As the creature drew closer, Sergei realized it was no mountain lion. 
What he saw was an abomination. Its features were inhuman, but the body was that of a man, an enormous man.
He turned to run, to flee the fiend that charged at him. Adrenaline flooded his system as flight conquered confrontation. A deep-seated aversion, inherent in his very DNA propelled him forward, away from the golden-eyed leviathan.
With his legs moving as fast as they could, his feet alternately slammed to the icy snow beneath them, racing against resistant ground. But effortless footsteps behind him gained momentum, closing the distance between them too quickly. He heard them, galloping like the last of the four horsemen of the apocalypse; Death was pressing him.
Sergei’s heart threatened to pound out of his chest just as a massive hand collared him from behind hoisting him high into the air, pulling him back. As he lurched rearward, the beast spun Sergei, positioning him so they were face to face. 
He stared into the eyes of what he could only imagine was the devil himself, escaped from the depths of unnamed underworlds to claim the souls of humankind. He heard himself cry out, a tortured scream, as he realized his newborn daughter, safely sheltered in the warmth and comfort of her mother’s arms, would grow up without him.

Chapter 1

Two words glared at Melissa Martin from the screen of her cell phone.  Two simple words.  I’m here was all the text message from Kevin Anderson said.  And with those two words, she knew it was time to go.  She crossed her room, opened her door slowly and peeked down the hallway.  Her father’s bedroom lay at the end of it.  The door stood open and she could hear the faint sound of his television.  Most nights, her father fell asleep in bed with the television on.  She hoped this night was no different.  
As she was closing her door, a trio of beeps shrieked irritably from her cell phone.  She dashed to her bed, terrified the sound would alert her father, only to find that Kevin was growing impatient.  He’d sent a second message identical to the first.  I’m here it said again and pressed her.  Yeah, I get it, she thought.  You’re waiting for me.  She found sneaking out on a school night to be laden with enough pressure.  His messages were just adding to it.
With a silent huff, Melissa tossed her phone in her purse then slung the bag over her shoulder and moved to her window.  She looked out beyond its pane, beyond her own reflection, and into the blackened sky.  The sky seemed darker than normal, moonless and foreboding, as if it wished to warn her to stop, to stay inside.  She knew exactly what she should do, that she should stay right where she was and forget about Kevin, that what she was about to do was wrong.  She did have a good sense of judgment, or so she’d been told.  But she was intentionally ignoring it in favor of a first date with the most popular boy in school.  
She opened her bedroom window and a gust of cold air rushed in.  She hadn’t seen the treetops stir, didn’t know it would be a windy night, yet a strong blast of air had sent her lavender curtains billowing so wildly, they covered her face and temporarily blocked her vision with their flimsy fabric.  The unexpected burst ended as mysteriously as it had begun and left her wondering whether it, like the unusually dark sky, was trying to warn her to stay put.  
She shook her head and rolled her eyes at the thought of anything other than her nerves issuing a warning.  The universe did not care what she did.  Her father would, though.  She was sure he would not appreciate her sneaking off in the middle of the night to meet Kevin.  And if he caught her, he would not trust her again anytime soon.  
The thought of losing her father’s trust gave her pause, but not for long.  Her phone beeped again as if rashly urging her on.  Jeez, keep your pants on! she thought as she climbed out of her second-story window and onto the frost-coated roof of the garage.  She slid down its length on her backside until she reached the edge.  After carefully avoiding contact with decaying leaves in the gutter, she grabbed hold of an outstretched tree limb.  The limb belonged to an old oak that grew alongside her house.  She climbed onto it and began navigating the network of branches until she reached the lowest one and dropped to the hardened grass below 
She took a few steps and looked over her shoulder at her house.  Save for the faint glow her nightlight radiated in her window, the house, and the tree, were enveloped in darkness.  Cold crept up her body from the icy lawn.  She turned from her house, wrapped her arms around her waist and wished she’d worn a heavier jacket, or perhaps had not gone at all.  Either way, she was out already and she did not turn back.  Instead, she crossed her lawn and rushed down her street.  She moved so quickly, she hardly noticed the humble, uniform houses on Blackstone Drive.  Her own home, small and modest like the ones it neighbored, grew smaller and smaller in the distance until it disappeared.  She neared the edge of her neighborhood in the unassuming community of Harbingers Falls, New York and immediately saw Kevin’s car. 
His sleek, black Infiniti G37 Sport Coupe was unmistakable.  Undoubtedly freshly washed and waxed, she reached out for the passenger side lever, careful not to mar the flawless finish, and the internal lights illuminated the interior.  
“Hey!” Kevin said cheerfully.  “I’m glad you finally decided to come out with me.”
“Hi,” Melissa replied and noticed how Kevin looked impossibly hot, even under the unflattering overhead lighting of his car.  She guessed she’d be hard-pressed to find any lighting he’d look unattractive in.  He was gorgeous.
All girls gravitated toward him.  The combination of his wide-eyed, fine featured face which verged on feminine prettiness and his tall athletic body was the object of most girls’ fantasies.  
“Do you think your dad heard you leave?” he asked her.
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Excellent.  You’re free then,” he said and smiled.  
His smile was perhaps his most attractive characteristic.  A single dimple at the center of his right cheek appeared whenever he smiled and made most girls swoon.  She’d thought herself one of them, but something about the way he smiled now seemed forced, phony even.  For reasons that were unclear, she found it cocky.
“You look hot.  And you smell phenomenal,” he said and raised an eyebrow mischievously.  He then surprised her by leaning across the center console and brushing his nose against the nape of her neck.  He inhaled the sweet blend of vanilla, caramel and coconut, her signature fragrance, that she had applied perhaps a bit too generously.  She supposed his gesture was meant to be some kind of seductive move to entice her.  But she did not feel roused in the least.  Rather, the fluid, flagrant way he flirted annoyed her.  He was smooth, too smooth.
“Thanks,” she replied halfheartedly. “So, where are we going,” she asked to change the subject to a platonic topic.
“I was thinking we would go over to the Rec Center and hang out, you know, and get to know each other better.”
She shuttered at the thought of going there.  By day, the East Fallkill Recreation Center was an area for activities.  At night, however, it was a popular haunt for local teenagers.  Her classmates went there to drink and have sex.  Melissa guessed that talking was the last thing that he wanted to do.  She immediately tried to rebuff his invitation, his womanizing reputation nagging at her brain.
“Why don’t we go to the diner in town?  We can talk there, and eat.  I’m starved,” she suggested.
Kevin tipped his head imploringly in Melissa’s direction and pushed out his lower lip in exaggerated disappointment.
“I was really hoping we could talk privately.  You know, just the two of us.  I want to be with just you.”
He reached his right hand over the center console and gently squeezed her knee.  Instead of promptly removing it though, he let it linger a moment too long.  She felt her stomach churn nervously.  She wanted to tell him to take his hand off her and to forget about the Rec Center, that it was the diner or home for her, but was afraid.  Kevin was spiteful.  He was not used to hearing the word no, much less being rejected by a girl.  Her only hope was that he’d meant what he’d said about wanting to get to know her better.  After all, he must’ve heard rumors before he’d asked her out that she was a virgin, and not likely to have sex with him on their first date, and in his car no less.  She felt compelled to agree with him.
“Fine, I mean, whatever,” she heard herself say.  “The Rec Center it is. But I can’t stay long. If my dad gets up and sees that I’m gone, he’ll ground me until graduation.”
“Wow.  He sounds tough.”
“You have no idea.  Since my mom died, he takes the whole parenting thing way too seriously,” she chattered nervously.  “I mean, it’s like extreme parenting or something.  He has to know where I am every minute of the day.  He worries so much.”
She felt as if she had to exaggerate her father’s protectiveness to set some kind of constraint on their time together at the Rec Center.  Her father was a perfect excuse.  
“I’m surprised you came out tonight.  All the other times I asked, you said no,” he said ignoring the comments about her father.
“You can thank Daniella for that.  She talked me into it.” 
Daniella, one of Melissa’s best friends, was largely responsible for her agreeing to meet Kevin.  Daniella had helped convince her that Kevin was something he was not.  She would not blame her friend in the morning, but intended to dispute her friend’s idealization of him.
Thoughts of the next morning, and yearning for the evening to end already, swirled in her head. She did not dare speak of them.  Instead, she sat quietly as he drove, and became increasingly uneasy as they approached their destination.  When he finally pulled his car into the driveway of the East Fallkill Recreation Center, her stomach roiled anxiously.  He tested the engine of his sports car and sped down the long pathway past tennis courts, baseball fields, a concession building and a football field, before reaching a play area.  Just beyond the playground, the pavement extended into an expansive lot.  Both the lot and the playground were poorly lit and provided little exposure during the infrequent police patrol spotlight searches.  
He slowed then stopped and shifted the car into park before switching off the headlamps.  She felt nauseated and dizzy, and contemplated calling it a night when he leaned toward her.  She did not know if he was moving in for a kiss, but was relieved when he rested his elbow on her arm rest.  He touched his index finger to her chin and smiled his blindingly white, single-dimpled smile, then said, “Hey, I’m sorry about your mom.  How old were you when she died?”
She stiffened at his touch, at his mention of her mother.  Her mother was not a subject she was comfortable discussing in general, much less with someone unfamiliar.  She reluctantly answered, “I was seven.”
“Huh.  That must have been rough.  I bet she was as beautiful as you are.” 
Melissa felt her cheeks flush and was grateful for the extraordinarily dark night sky. She did not like shameless flattery together with mention of her mother.  She contemplated a curt response, but came up empty.  Try as she may, the words she longed for, ones that would put him in his place, would not come. As she tried to formulate a retort, Kevin surprised her.  Without warning, he closed the distance between them and pressed his lips to hers. 
At first his kiss was confident and gentle.  Quickly, however, it transformed from being unexpected to offensive.  His lips began crushing hers.  His tongue probed for hers as his hands seemed to multiply, and explore intimate parts of her. 
Her body went rigid.  He was advancing on her too quickly, and without permission.
“Hey! Quit it, Kevin!” she exclaimed and pulled away from him. 
He backed off, but only slightly.  He leaned in to kiss her again and cupped her breast in his hand.
“I’m serious! Get off!” she continued more forcefully.
“I just find you so beautiful.  I have a hard time behaving myself,” Kevin argued impishly and made no effort to remove his hand.
“I want to go home!  Now!” she yelled and shoved his hand off her, finally gathering the courage she should have had in the first place.
“Are you kidding me?  What are you some kind of tease?” he accused.  “You come out in the middle of the night with me, here, looking the way you do and smelling the way you do and expect me to act like a saint?” 
Her mind reeled.  She couldn’t believe he was actually accusing her, as if she were wrong for not wanting to be groped. “Hey, don’t blame me. I thought we came here to get to know each other better, like you said.”
“Ha! That’s cute. I love the naive act,” he said bitingly.
“Naïve,” she started but was interrupted.
“Yeah, I think you need to go home now.  I’ll take you home, gladly.” 
She couldn’t believe he was being so mean all of a sudden.  He had acted like he wanted to get to know her.  He had made an effort to get her to go out with him in the weeks leading up to the present.  None of it made sense.  She did not know what to do and wondered whether she should get out of his car and walk home.  He seemed abnormally angry given the circumstances.  Her hand grazed the lever on the passenger side door.  She was about to pull it when he switched on the headlights and slammed the gearshift into drive.  He stepped on the accelerator and his well-equipped sports car responded immediately.  The car lurched forward then sped down the driveway and out onto the main road.  Once on the main road, he obeyed the speed limits, but they traveled silently.  
The silence was so loaded with tension, Melissa felt like screaming.  By the time they’d reached Blackstone Drive, the frustration she’d been feeling had risen to a point where she did not trust herself to speak without crying.  Kevin stopped the car several houses away from hers and turned off the headlights.  
He did not say a word.  And he did not flash his trademark smile.  Instead, he stared straight ahead.  She looked at him searchingly, but he refused to meet her gaze, so she climbed out of the car.  She had just shut the passenger side door when he abruptly pulled away.  She watched him go, watched him reach the stop sign at the bottom of her hill and turn his headlights back on.  She then heard the sound of spinning tires kicking up gravel as he sped off into the night.  She stood for a moment, after his car had vanished, and felt the tears she had held back for the entire car ride well.  She tried to blink them back, but it was no use.  She cried silently as she turned and began walking up her hill. Her night had been disastrous.  In her heart, she had known it would be; she just hadn’t wanted to admit it.  
As she approached her house, she realized her disastrous night was about to get much worse.
Nearly every window glowed.  Only her bedroom window was dimmed by her father’s silhouette, which disappeared as soon as he saw her.  Her heart sank as she walked up her driveway to the front door.  It opened before her key was in the lock.
“I would ask you where the hell you’ve been, but I already know,” her father began. “Do you know how worried I was? What were you thinking? I thought you were smarter than this.  Boy was I wrong!”
Her father was not a temperamental man.  He was not prone to outbursts. The fact that he was shouting at her meant he was monumentally angry with her, and disappointed.  Tears threatened anew.
“Dad, I’m so sorry. I know how angry you are,” she attempted.
“Angry?” he interrupted.  “You think I’m just angry?  I’m beyond angry!  Angry was an hour ago!  I was worried sick about you!  I woke up coughing and went to the kitchen for a drink of water.  When I passed your room and you weren’t there, I assumed you were still up.  Imagine my surprise and horror when I realized you were gone! I didn’t know what the hell had happened.  I thought about calling the police but tried Alexandra instead. She said she didn’t know where you were so I called Daniella.  She answered the phone by asking how things went with you and Kevin tonight.”
He knew everything, or almost everything.  He stood before her with his hands on his hips glowering at her.  She had never realized how intimidating her dad looked before, how his thick muscles and barrel chest strained against his T-shirt and how a large vein protruded like a lightning bolt down his smoothly shaven head when he was angry.  Perhaps she only saw him as the gentle man he was because he had not been angry with her in as long as she could recall.  She began to cry.
“I made a mistake, a horrible mistake.  I’m so sorry.”
Seeing her tears, her father softened. He placed a hand on her shoulder. “I’m disappointed, Missy. I’m not going to lie. I love you, but I really don’t like what you did.”
“I know,” she whispered.
“You’re only seventeen. What were you thinking? What kind of guy wants to meet you in the middle of the night? You could have gotten yourself hurt, or killed.”
“Or mauled,” she said under her breath louder than she’d wanted.
“Mauled,” he asked and she saw the anger flash in his eyes. “What do you mean mauled?”
“Nothing, I meant nothing.”
“Don’t lie to me again,” he warned.  “Did he hurt you, this Kevin guy?  Which Kevin was it, Kevin McNally or Kevin Hartwig? Was it that jackass jock Anderson?  Whichever it was, I can take a drive over there right now and let him try to maul me!”  
“No, no Dad. Everything’s fine,” she lied and felt warmth spread across her cheeks.  She was unaccustomed to lying to her father.  “I was just, uh, supporting your argument.”
He did not seem convinced.  “Melissa, you broke my trust once today.  Do not try for a second time. When you lie to me I can’t trust you or protect you.”
The last thing she had wanted was to lose his trust, though she’d known it was a consequence from the start.  She hated herself for being so stupid earlier, for choosing to do something that threatened the trust between them.  She had been wrong, plain and simple.  And earning her father’s trust back would not be easy.  She cried quietly.
“Get some sleep, Missy.  We’ll talk in the morning,” he father offered with a pained look.
“Aren’t you going to ground me ‘til I’m thirty?” she asked through sobs.
“Nope. I doubt it. I don’t think you’ll be sneaking out to meet that jerk, or any other, anytime soon.  But in the meantime, I’m calling Ronnie and Frank tomorrow to see about chopping down that old oak by your window,” he said and winked. “Love you.  And please don’t pull any crap like this again, okay?”
“Okay,” she breathed and watched as her father disappeared upstairs.  She waited a moment before going up to her room. Once she heard his door shut, she ascended the staircase and went straight to her room. She sat on her bed and a fresh wave of tears washed over her.  She felt shame for her bad behavior, and agonized over the days to come, days that included Kevin.  He sat at the desk behind her in third period English class.  The thought of him looming one desk away from her after the evening they spent together made her cringe. In a few short hours, she’d be forced to face him.  She desperately wished she could rewind the night to the moment she’d received his text.  She would have made an excuse, or told him her father was awake, anything to have avoided the whole ordeal.  But she knew that time continued, that there was no rewind button in life.  If there were, she’d go back even farther, to when her mother had been alive. She slumped down on her bed and allowed her body to fall back against her pillows.  She closed her eyes and willed the night away. And the night vanished.  Within seconds, deep, velvety oblivion enveloped her and she drifted off into a dreamless sleep.
Chapter 2

Dr. Franklin Terzini had a singular purpose in life: to repair the rotting cesspool commonly known as society.  He was tired of being forced to exist alongside the filth that inhabited the planet, or more specifically, people in general.  What the world hailed as civilization was far from civil.  He loathed living among others and had learned early on that all people were motivated by selfishness, by their basest desires.  He’d also learned that those desires were a direct result of emotion.  
Emotion was the cause of all evil as far as he was concerned.  As a result he wanted to rid the world of emotion.  
Changing all that was wrong, rooting out evil and the emotions that caused it would be both a challenge and a process.  He knew that.  But it was his destiny.  And he was never one to ignore destiny when it beckoned him.  But several obstacles needed to be addressed before he overhauled humanity and pursued his destiny.  One such obstacle had arrived at his house moments earlier and was walking across his property.
He heaved a sigh and pursed his lips and felt his stomach drop to his feet as he looked out his window.  Dmitri Ivanov approached.  Terzini watched as he lumbered up the snow-covered walkway to his front door and he felt his stomach churn again.  The sight of Ivanov was revolting in so many ways.  With perpetually inflamed skin that looked ablaze as it flickered across the snow like firelight, he was as ugly as he was intimidating.  His platinum-blond hair was lost in the backdrop, camouflaged completely by the frozen landscape.  Terzini groaned aloud at the thought of sitting across from him, of being forced to look at his face up close.  As he did so, Ivanov looked up, trained his bulging eyeballs in his direction and stared, hard, as if he’d heard the involuntary moan and Terzini’s thoughts as well.  The eye contact was intense and unsettling.  He stepped back nervously, away from the window, away from the penetrating glower beyond its pane.
Once he was out of sight, he attempted to dash across the living room and leave from the back door in a last-ditch effort to avoid his meeting with Ivanov altogether, but was halted by a banging sound at the front door.  He froze and turned to look over his shoulder only to see Ivanov’s red face in the glass to the left of the door.  He’d felt the weight of his stare before he’d turned and realized with a sinking feeling that there was no escaping.  Reluctantly, he walked to the door and opened it.
As soon as he did so, he was greeted by Ivanov’s enormous form crowding the doorway.  He marveled at how the man’s brawny physique managed to menace before he even opened his mouth to speak.  Terzini detested him with every ounce of his being, dreaded their every encounter.  Each time he arrived unexpectedly, it was to criticize, to belittle.  Terzini hated to be criticized, especially by someone so far beneath his enlightened, elevated status, someone not worthy of his company.
“Hello Dmitri.  What a surprise it is to see you,” Terzini said flatly and rolled his eyes, not bothering to mask his disdain for his uninvited guest.
“Hello Doctor,” Ivanov replied and smirked.
Without being invited in, Ivanov stepped across the threshold and pushed past him.
“Excuse me!” Terzini exclaimed, unable to conceal the exasperation in his voice.
Ivanov did not flinch or bother to respond verbally.  Evidently, the buffoon did not view his utter rudeness as an offense.  To Terzini, Ivanov represented all that was wrong with humanity.  He wanted nothing more than to scold him, but knew better than to open his mouth.  Instead, he swallowed hard and shuddered as the ill-mannered brute focused his bulging eyes on him long enough to intimidate him.  Under ordinary, less threatening circumstances, he believed someone who’d behaved as Ivanov had would benefit from an etiquette lesson.  But his circumstances were far from ordinary, and he was not in the presence of an ordinary, ill-mannered brute.  Ivanov was no stranger to violence and Terzini was not prepared to be injured or lose his life while trying to educate his guest on social conventions.  
After reminding himself of Ivanov’s taste for violence, Terzini decided to proceed more carefully.
“Let me take your coat, Dmitri,” he offered and made his tone more hospitable.  “We can sit in the kitchen.”
Ivanov plodded into the kitchen area and sat in a chair before a small, wooden table.  Terzini had no choice but to follow and sit in the remaining chair.
“Can I get you something? Tea perhaps?” he asked and made a concerted effort to be civil.
“I am not here for a tea party,” Ivanov replied sarcastically.  “You know what I’m here for.”
“No, Dmitri, I do not,” he lied.
He looked on in horror as Ivanov’s red complexion deepened in color to an unhealthy shade of violet.  It had become painfully obvious to him that he had infuriated Ivanov and he regretted toying with the man.
“We are through playing games, Terzini!” Ivanov thundered.  “You have been paid your money and still, we have nothing!  This is your final warning!  Either you deliver, or we’re going to have a problem!”
“What do you mean by problem?” he asked and felt his concern skyrocket along with his pulse rate. 
Ivanov did not answer right away, which was never a good sign.  His pale brows gathered and his nostrils flared several times, another sign that trouble brewed, then he leveled his cement-hued eyes at Terzini.  
In that instant, words were unnecessary and Terzini felt as if the air had been sucked from the room.  He realized Ivanov had not come to argue or complain.  He’d come to threaten his life.
Terzini shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  The room suddenly felt uncomfortably warm despite the scarcity of air.  He wanted to run, run out of the house and into the snow, to be anywhere other than where he was.  But he knew fleeing was not an option.  So he stayed where he was, seated across from a man who wanted to kill him, and endured the relentless, murderous glower.
He knew he ought to say something, anything, to acknowledge what Ivanov was implying.  But words escaped him.  His mouth had gone dry.
Seconds felt like hours and when finally he was able to choke something out, “Oh.  I see,” was all he managed.
His mind raced. He panicked and wondered whether the threat would be carried out sooner rather than later, as in today, now.  He wondered whether they were on to him, whether he would die in mere moments.  Dmitri Ivanov, the head of a small faction of the Russian Mafia, did not make empty threats.  He had known that from the beginning, knew that if he failed to deliver what he was contracted to create, he would be killed.  To date, he had not delivered.  His assassination order loomed on the horizon, perhaps closer than he’d originally thought.  
“Do we understand each other?” Ivanov growled through clenched teeth but did not break eye contact.
“Of course Dmitri, of course, you will have what you need,” Terzini began.
“What you were hired to produce!” Ivanov interrupted.
“Yes, yes.  You will have what I was hired to produce,” Terzini agreed and felt annoyance begin to prickle.  He was not used to being spoken to with such disrespect.
“We have people waiting on you!” Ivanov reminded him as if he needed to be reminded.  He held multiple doctoral degrees, for goodness’ sake!  And this man, this Ivanov, what accolades did he possess?  None, that’s how many, unless, of course, there were some kind of degree program for violent criminals.  That would be the only program a half-witted thug like him could possibly earn a diploma in.  Terzini had revolutionized reproductive cloning, yet had to answer to a buffoon with a gun.
The absurdity of his situation made him feel as though he were going to explode.  He could not withstand the hounding any longer, and interjected without considering the dangerous nature of his company.
“Dmitri, you do realize that constructing a nuclear weapon alone has been a challenge.  I cannot rush the process.  Rushing would be foolish, disastrous even.  Surely you understand that, right?” he said and did not curb the condescension in his voice.
“I am not here to understand you, Terzini!” Ivanov shouted as he slammed a solid hand on the table between them.
The gravity of his predicament suddenly weighed on him with leaden heaviness.  He recognized the need to proceed far more cautiously.
“Fair enough, Dmitri.  Fair enough,” he said calmly.  “I was not trying to insult you.  I only meant to explain that what I am working on–what I have nearly completed–has been a long, arduous process.”
He was almost positive that Dmitri Ivanov did not have the slightest idea what the word arduous meant.  He doubted the mindless criminal had ever even heard the word.  His use of language that exceeded his company’s limited vocabulary was intentional.  He enjoyed small, subtle acts of superiority that often went undetected.  They allowed him to passively own Ivanov, to entertain himself at another’s expense.
“Arduous, huh,” Ivanov said as he rubbed his scarlet face with one hand before raking it through his white-blond hair.
Terzini struggled to determine what Ivanov’s thoughts were, his hardened features were unreadable.  He guessed Ivanov was wondering what exactly arduous meant and was too embarrassed to ask.  He found himself suppressing a smile that tugged at the corners of his mouth.  He could not expect Ivanov to understand a synonym for the word difficult, much less the extreme level of intelligence, patience and tenacity involved in nuclear fission.
“Yes, Dmitri, very arduous,” he continued and was delighted by his own wittiness.  “But now that it is almost completed, it will be yours to use as you wish.  Just tell me how we will go about delivering it.”
“We are not a delivery service. We are not picking it up. You will bring it to us,” Ivanov demanded. “We’re not going to risk blowing ourselves up with something as unstable as a nuclear weapon.  We’ll know it was assembled correctly if you make it to the location in one piece.”
Offended by Ivanov’s implication of incompetence on his part, he watched as the grotesque thug retrieved a small slip of paper from his pants pocket and balled it into his fisted hand.
His outrage quickly turned to fear as he became uncertain of what exactly Ivanov intended to do with his large fist.  He cringed as the mobster launched his brawny arm toward him.  Then, stopping short of his jaw, Ivanov’s arm froze.  Confronted with four impressive knuckles a mere fraction of an inch from his nose, he sighed imperceptibly as Ivanov unclenched his hand and dropped a crumpled piece of paper on the table between them.
“Here, this is the date, time and address of the drop site,” Ivanov said.
The theatrical nature with which Dmitri Ivanov exchanged information was impressive.  Terzini wondered whether the burly thug had missed his calling in life.
“Thank You, Dmitri.”
“Then it is set. We will see you very soon,” Ivanov snarled.
“Yes,” Terzini lied.
Though he had agreed to the terms set forth by the Russian Mafia, Dr. Franklin Terzini had no intention of delivering a nuclear weapon to Dmitri Ivanov or his associates.  He had never even attempted to build one.  He had the ability to, but thought it an utter waste of his talents.  Instead of wasting his time and talent fashioning a weapon of mass destruction, he had been using their money for his genetic research and development.
His work had originated when he had lived in America.  He had made unprecedented advances in his field.  But strict government regulations had forced him to leave the United States and relocate to the remote Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East to continue his work independently.  Initially, he had financed his own work, but saw his money wane quickly.
He had been desperate for funding when he had approached Ivanov and offered his expertise in physics and unique ability to build a nuclear weapon for the organized crime group.  He saw working for them as an opportunity to receive a steady cash flow.
He knew they would research him and discover that his sterling reputation spoke for itself; that he had been the most respected nuclear physicist in the world. And when they did, they enthusiastically sanctioned his financial backing.
As he reflected back, he could not believe Ivanov and his associates had been foolish enough to believe a man of his caliber would actually provide them with a nuclear warhead.
He did intend to deliver something to the Russians, however.  He nearly smiled as he thought about what it was they would receive, but stopped as Ivanov, satisfied that a drop site and date had been established, rose from his seat unexpectedly and stretched, flexing and straightening his brawny form.  He stood as well and felt dwarfed by the towheaded mobster.   Ivanov narrowed his eyes at him, offered a look of disgust then puffed out his chest and tipped his chin up arrogantly.  His posture was one of triumph, of dominance.  Terzini was all too familiar with this portion of their meetings; it was the victory stance that preceded a painful handshake.  He dreaded the handshake as much as he dreaded looking at Ivanov.  His hand ached at the thought of it.
Then, as if on cue, Dmitri Ivanov reached his arm across the table and offered a meaty hand to him.  He reluctantly accepted it and felt a tremendous amount of pressure being applied.  Though the handshake was a regular part of their meetings, knowledge of it did not prepare him for it.  There was no way to prepare for it.  Ivanov would squeeze his hand until he winced in pain.  It was a juvenile act meant to emasculate him.  The only redeeming part of it was that it meant their meeting was over.
He envisioned Ivanov leaving as he felt the man’s powerful hand squeeze tightly, unbearably.  He felt his breath catch in his chest, but resisted the urge to react.  Instead, he tried something new.  He accepted the pain and denied Ivanov the response he so desperately desired.  
To his dismay, his passive aggression seemed to incense Ivanov further.  The blond thug unexpectedly jerked his hand forward and yanked him.  He found his upper body dangerously close to Ivanov.
Ivanov leaned in even closer, placing his face just inches from his and whispered, “I will personally slit your throat if you disappoint us again.”
Terzini felt the color drain from his face as Ivanov froze, glaring unflinchingly at him.  Neither of them moved.  He was unable as his hand was being squeezed and contorted with impossible pressure.  Ivanov stared at him with unnerving concentration as if boring holes into his skull.
After several seconds passed and the bones in his hand risked collapse, Ivanov relinquished his ironclad grip and turned toward the front door and walked out, but not before he slammed the door so hard the wood threatened to splinter.
As Terzini rubbed his smarting hand, he took comfort in knowing that despite what he’d just endured, soon, the world would be purged of Ivanov’s vile presence.  He closed his eyes and imagined the entire lot of them dead.  His daydreaming was interrupted by the rumble of a car engine in the distance, Ivanov’s car engine.  He felt a degree of relief knowing the ignorant thug was finally off his property.  He never thought his life would come to this, that he’d be reduced to dealing with criminals.  But it had, and experiences such as the one he’d just had made him feel ill. 
He took a moment and breathed deeply, trying to compose himself.  Being forced to suffer insults and threats from Ivanov was draining, demeaning.  He deserved better.  After all, he had been revered by scientists, professors and researchers worldwide not long ago.
Although associating with degenerate criminals sickened him, he realized the necessity.  His recent projects did not fund themselves.  The price he paid for the funding of his genetic research included rubbing elbows with them, as well as living in a house that should be condemned.  Both seemed small inconveniences to endure when he considered how the work done there with the criminals’ money supported the eventual transformation of humanity.
That thought, the thought of his work and how it would affect the planet, made him smile.  He glanced around the unfortunate-looking living space a final time before grabbing his coat and leaving.  He stepped out into the cold and trudged through several inches of snow on his surrounding property before reaching a large, white, rectangular piece of plastic.  To anyone else, the material would have gone unnoticed, blending seamlessly with the snowy landscape.  Beneath the plastic, however, lay a formidable steel door.  Once opened, a concrete staircase led to his secret facility.
Twenty feet below the snow-crusted soil, an underground refuge that had once been a small nuclear fallout shelter was now his laboratory.  It retained some of the most sophisticated technology in existence, some of which he had personally fashioned.  It was both his living chamber and workspace, where he preferred to spend most, if not all, of his waking hours.
Before moving from the United States to the Kamchatka Peninsula, he had expanded the square footage and installed updates that supported electricity, telephone and Internet connection and cable television.  The space had also been supplied with a ventilation system that circulated fresh air and deterred insect infestation.
Fluorescent light fixtures had been mounted to seven-foot ceilings and lit the workspace.  Computers that performed various tasks edged the walls while stainless-steel tables equipped with electron microscopes, test tubes, beakers, petri dishes, flasks and centrifugal equipment occupied the interior area.
As Dr. Terzini walked along the pristine concrete floors, a voice called out to him.
“Is he gone, sir?” the voice asked.
“Yes, Gabriel.  He just left,” Terzini replied addressing a boy who appeared to be seventeen seated in front of a computer monitor. 
The boy looked up from his workstation and Terzini was taken aback as he looked at the superb specimen sitting before him.
Gabriel James was the embodiment of excellence.  Everything about him was perfect.  From his face to his physique, he looked as if he’d been created by the gods themselves.
But the gods had not created Gabriel James.  Dr. Franklin Terzini had.
“We are going to have to leave sooner than expected,” Terzini announced.  “I was just told that if I fail to deliver by the date I was just given, I will be executed.”
“You knew this day would come, sir.  You have been deceiving them for months.”
“I have not been merely deceiving them, Gabriel.  I have been helping them, allowing them to use their money for something that will actually benefit society.”
He paused to allow the significance of his words to settle in before he continued.
“For the first time in their putrid lives, they will be financing a project that will improve humanity instead of furthering its destruction.  I’m doing them a service, don’t you think?”
He waited for a response, but received none.  Instead, he noticed a look of perplexity cross Gabriel’s features.  Gabriel’s confusion agitated him slightly
“Surely you see my point, don’t you, Gabriel?”
“Not exactly, sir.”
He felt his anger begin to rise considerably, but was immediately calmed by the realization that, despite Gabriel’s unsurpassed intelligence and superior education, there were still subtle nuances in life that he would have to learn on his own.  After all, he was a human being, a perfected version of a human being, but a human being, nevertheless.
Every organ in Gabriel’s body had been grown from human DNA and functioned better than humans born traditionally.  Each of his cells had been modified, but still maintained organic properties.  All had been genetically altered to function more effectively and more efficiently so the aging process by which cells begin to die in the human body would be slowed.  By selective processes and meticulous engineering, Dr. Franklin Terzini had created perfection.
“Gabriel, regardless of whether you are able to understand what I’ve done for the Russians, I had no choice.  Without their money, I could not have continued my work.  Their funding allowed me to create the perfect human specimen.”
“Thank you, sir.  I hope that I meet your expectations,” Gabriel said flatly.
“Why are you thanking me, Gabriel?  My statement was not meant as a compliment to you.  You had no hand in your creation.  You are a result of my work, mine alone.”
“I’m sorry, sir.  I didn’t mean,” Gabriel began but Terzini was not interested in hearing an explanation.
“Didn’t mean to what Gabriel, accept praise when you are not deserving of it?”  Terzini snapped, cutting Gabriel off mid-sentence.
“Again, I’m sorry, sir.”
Dr. Terzini studied Gabriel’s face.  It remained placid.  Gabriel showed no signs of agitation or offense at his tirade.  His calm was appropriate as he could not produce such a response.  He had been created without the ability to experience human emotions.
Terzini believed that without emotional connections, Gabriel would not only live far longer but also be free to recognize his fullest potential.
He thought that by unlocking and engaging parts of his brain that had been used for controlling and regulating emotions, Gabriel, and his offspring, would be able to build a world free of all wrongdoings, that every problem in the world would be resolved when logic trumped sentiment, when rational choices were made and romanticism was removed.
Dr. Franklin Terzini was confident that, through his unique genetic adjustments, he would be able to achieve what neither man nor God ever had.
He had a vision of an improved world; a world where common sense and education prevailed, a world where people did not need to be shepherded by corrupt politicians or disillusioned religions. 
Gabriel was the key to his vision.
“Are the preparations for our departure completed, Gabriel?” Terzini questioned.  “We will need to leave as soon as possible.”
“Everything is in place.  We can leave as early as tomorrow morning, sir.”
“Excellent.  Excellent,” Terzini approved.  “This trip is important.  Our move to America, to Harbingers Falls, New York, is my opportunity to send my perfect creation, you, out into the world.”
He began pacing about his lab, excitement teeming inside him.
“You do understand that once we’re there, everyone will believe us to be father and son.  You will call me dad, go to high school,” he reminded Gabriel.  “This relocation will be the culmination of all my hard work and dedication.  All that you’ve been taught, all that you’ve been given, will be tested and will showcase my capabilities.”
“Yes, sir,” Gabriel nodded.  “I am well aware of what is expected of me, and I am prepared.”
Terzini believed that Gabriel was prepared, too.  He did not doubt the time and effort he’d invested in his master creation.  He had unwavering faith in his skills, in his genius.  His resume supported his steadfast confidence.  He had prospered at every task he’d ever attempted.  He’d excelled as a physicist and had worked for the United States Defense Department soon after his early graduation from his doctoral program.  Shortly thereafter though, the stifling stranglehold of operating under the constant scrutiny of the government prompted him to move on.  Moving on had been necessary.  He needed to challenge himself, to continue to excel.  Remaining would have wasted his most precious resource: his genius.
After leaving the Defense Department and the field of physics, Dr. Terzini worked with the Human Cloning Organization, but he’d grown restless there, as well.  Too many governmental restrictions had been in place in the United States and had held him back from his true interest, his obsession: reproductive cloning.  
Reproductive cloning had enabled Gabriel’s existence.  Had he stayed, he would never have created Gabriel and his plan would still be a distant dream.  The thought made him shudder.
Now, Dr. Franklin Terzini was returning to the United States, but not to work for any government-sponsored agency.  He would work off the global grid.
His would integrate Gabriel into society and record his findings.  He was certain that academics would not present a problem.  After all, Gabriel had received an impressive education at Terzini’s research facility on the Kamchatka Peninsula.  Through a rigorous series of streaming educational downloads, Gabriel collected and processed information at an almost direct computer-to-brain pace.  His advanced brain function supported an accelerated learning rate.  School would not pose a challenge or risk exposure.  Interacting with others did.  He needed to behave identically to his peers.
“You understand that everything, all that I’ve worked for, depends on you blending unnoticed with everyone else.  Once I have recorded documentation, I will be able to present that evidence, along with all scientific processes that I used to perfect your DNA, to the global research and development community to petition for support.”
“Yes sir. I understand. I will perform as you expect me to, as I’ve been created to.”
“Incomplete or insufficient evidence, your failure, would be catastrophic on many levels.  It would alert governmental branches of authority to the irregularities of your construct.  They would seize my work and ruin everything.  If you merely underperform, well then, that presents quite another problem.”
Dr. Terzini waved his hand in the air as if swatting an insect. “I hate to even consider what would happen then, Gabriel.”
He had not intended his statement to be a threat.  It was not a threat.  It was reality.  If Gabriel were unsuccessful at any point of his assignment, the entire project would be wasted.  Gabriel would have been a waste of time.  And like any other rubbish, he would have to be disposed of.
He flinched at the thought of such an outcome.
“There is nothing to worry about, sir.  Everything will go as planned,” Gabriel assured him.
“I am confident that it will,” he replied, but worry still plagued him, always plagued him.  
“I will finish my studies and go to bed early.  We have a long day ahead of us,” Gabriel said.
Terzini watched as Gabriel returned his focus to the computer monitor he was seated before.  Though thrilled by the triumph of his creation, he felt a surge of anger at having to abandon his current project as he was on the verge of an advance as significant as Gabriel himself.  He had so many projects in the making, technology and processes that would take the global research and development community by storm.  But all of that would have to wait.  
He supposed he should be pleased with the advancements he’d made thus far.  After all, they had been cutting-edge.  He had pioneered an enormous, tubular stainless-steel tank that served as a surrogate womb for his first two creations.  No one else could boast an accomplishment like that.  And while he craved recognition for triumphs such as his tank, complete with his own enhanced version of amniotic fluid, he had to remind himself that Gabriel was the end result of his technology.  He would be proof enough.  Gabriel would take the medical community by storm more so than anything else, especially since both the tank and the fluid had been used for his formation.
Terzini was on the brink of applying the same success that could be achieved by the tank and fluid, only making it more accessible to the general population.  He was closing in on a way to accomplish the same results on a pregnant human host.  
He believed that no expectant parent would refuse the opportunity to birth the perfect child, a child invulnerable to genetic defect or abnormality, to disease, a child who would be physically appealing.  They would jump at the chance to have children born with exceptional health, as well as exceptional beauty.  They would need virtually no convincing.  
His peers, however, posed an entirely different challenge. Their persuasion depended on Gabriel’s successful integration into society.  
Everything depended on Gabriel.
By having his perfect subject blend seamlessly, he could prove how, over the course of a generation, the human species could begin a dramatic process of improvement.  The face of humanity would be restructured, revolutionized, reborn.  
Terzini inhaled deeply as a swell of nervous energy surged inside of him.  Within hours, he and Gabriel would be headed to America and what had begun as a vision would be set into motion.  He knew it would take time, but felt certain that ultimately his handiwork, combined with the basic rules of natural selection, would prevail.  His dream of an improved world would be realized.

Chapter 3

A song that cautioned of a bad romance blared from the tiny speakers of Melissa’s alarm clock radio.  She fumbled clumsily with her covers, exhaustion trumping coordination, and attempted to silence it.  After several tries, she found the correct switch and quieted the music only to find that it was twenty minutes later than she normally woke.  She muttered a swearword under her breath and sprang out of bed on shaky legs.  She hurried into the bathroom prepared for a revised, and shortened, version of her morning routine.  
She did not have time for a shower so she quickly brushed her teeth, washed her face and freshened up.  She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and looked in the mirror.  A pair of puffy eyes stared back at her.  The swelling was courtesy of too few hours of sleep and too much time spent crying.  Her shoulders slumped dejectedly.  She did not want to go to school at all, much less looking as she did.  She would see Kevin shortly, and possibly be the next recipient of his brand of payback.  The face looking back at her did not offer her the slightest bit of confidence.  She immediately began filling the sink with cold water.  While she waited, she pinned back any errant hairs that remained around her face.  As soon as the sink had filled, she submerged her face in it.  The cold felt like thousands of needles pricking her at once and would have taken her breath away had she not been holding it.  She remained, with her head in the sink, for several seconds.  When she could no longer take the cold, she lifted her face, patted it dry with a towel and drained the water.  She did not bother to look at herself again before she went to her room to dress.  
Jeans and a long-sleeved T shirt was her outfit of choice.  After slipping into a pair of boots, she returned to the bathroom and discovered the swelling in her face had gone down considerably.  She applied a touch of makeup and started downstairs.  As she did so, the night before rushed at her, the realization of what was to come crashed into her like a freight train.  In a short while, she would see Kevin.  Whether it was in the parking lot, the hallway, or her third period English class, she could not avoid a run-in. How could I be so stupid? she thought.  Kevin’s reputation was well-known.  She had been aware of it well before he had shown interest in her.  He loved girls, all girls, especially the good-looking ones who were open to the idea of sleeping with him.  He was, and had always been, promiscuous.  She was not promiscuous.  She was a virgin, and not interested in offering herself up as a conquest to anyone.  She had simply been flattered by the attention he’d paid her.  And while she hadn’t deceived herself completely about his interest in her, she had believed it was at least partially genuine.  But she had been wrong.
Each of her mistakes would culminate in a matter of moments.  The smell of coffee coming from the kitchen meant that her dad had not left for work, and was likely waiting to serve her a complete course of guilt with a side of righteous lecturing.  She could not argue with anything he could possibly say.  She was wrong, after all.  What would be the point of arguing?
As she rounded the corner into the kitchen, she saw her father hovering over the stove making pancakes.  She nearly groaned aloud.  He did not cook.  She assumed responsibility for preparing their meals.  His attempt at breakfast almost certainly meant that a lengthy conversation would accompany it.  She did not want to be reprimanded before school.  Her day promised to be bad enough.  She decided to try to keep things light and behave as normally as possible.
“Hey Dad,” she said as cheerfully as she could. “What’re you doing?”
“Just making a little breakfast,” he replied casually.
Typically, her father would have responded sarcastically when she asked him what he was doing.  He would have answered, “Knitting, what does it look like I’m doing?” then would have smiled and winked.  He would have kept his usual sense of humor, if things were okay between them.  Clearly, they were not.
“Sit down,” he said and placed a plate piled high with misshapen pancakes on the table.  “We need to talk a bit.”
“Okay,” she said nervously and sat down.  “I’m sitting.”
“I didn’t get much sleep last night,” he began.  “I’m guessing you didn’t either.”
“No, not really.”
“What you did was awful.  Let’s be clear about that.  But I don’t think punishing you is really necessary.  I think you beat yourself up about it pretty badly already.  Am I right about that?”
“Yes,” she answered.
“So I feel that you know what you did, you know it was wrong, and you won’t do it again.  Am I right about that, too?”
“Yes, of course!”
She couldn’t believe it.  Her father was treating her like an adult, and letting her off the hook.  No lecture.  No punishment.  Optimism filled her and she thought perhaps her day wouldn’t be as bad as she’d originally thought.
“I am not going to punish you then, per se,” he added
“Per se?  What do you mean?”
“Well, there is the issue of your road test.”
“My road test?”
“Yes.  Before last night, I thought you were responsible enough to take your road test and get your senior license.  Now I feel like maybe you’re not ready.”
Her theory of being treated like an adult ended abruptly.
“Dad, Come on!  Getting my senior license and driving a car without you has nothing to do with what happened last night,” she protested.
“Oh really?  So respecting rules and behaving responsibly has nothing to do with driving a car without me?”
She could not dispute his argument.  He was right.  “Seriously, Dad?” was all she could manage before her throat constricted and tears filled her eyes.
“I’m not trying to be a jerk, Missy.  I want to keep you safe.  You’re all I’ve got.”
She did not respond verbally, but nodded in compliance.
“How about we put off the DMV, just for a few weeks, and see how things go.  We can talk about things then, okay?”
She nodded again.
“All right, hurry up and finish up your pancakes.  The girls should be here any minute,” he said.
The girls he referred to were Alexandra Georgopoulos and Daniella Colucci, her best friends.  They were they closest thing to sisters Melissa had ever had.  Together, they existed on the outskirts of the “in” crowd, happily and safely.  She worried, however, that their happy safety would be threatened by Kevin.  She knew that whether it was a physical altercation or in the form of vicious and unending rumors, he always retaliated.  And she had rejected him.  Surely, her actions would not go unpunished; she was no different from anyone else who had ever opposed him.  If anything, her offense was far worse than any other she could remember.  She had hurt his ego.  Thinking about what he was capable of doing to her socially, how he could cast her into social purgatory, made her pancake breakfast sour in her stomach.
Her worry-filled thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a horn honking from her driveway.
“You’d better go, Missy.  Daniella is waiting,” her father nodded toward the door before adding, “Don’t worry, everything will be fine. You’ll see.”
She wondered how, at times, her father seemed capable of reading her thoughts.  She shook her head at him and smiled then left the kitchen.  She quickly grabbed her coat from the hall closet and her backpack from the kitchen table just as Daniella honked the horn a second time.
“I’m coming!” Melissa said to no one. “Jeez!”
“Bye sweetie!” her father said.
“Bye dad.”
Daniella waved to her from the driver’s seat of her Toyota Prius.  Alexandra nodded in acknowledgment before pulling down the passenger-side mirror and inspecting her lip gloss.
Melissa opened the rear door of Daniella’s car and climbed in.
“Hey!” Alexandra greeted and turned her attention from the mirror to Melissa then back again.  She smoothed her long, black hair. Every time Melissa saw Alexandra, she couldn’t help but think her friend’s appearance looked more befitting a lingerie catalog than anywhere else.  
“Hey, Alex,” Melissa began. “Hello Daniella.  Boy, do I have a bone to pick with you.” She was about to begin ribbing her friend about encouraging her to go out with Kevin, and for the conversation she’d had with her father when Daniella surprised her.
“I’m so sorry about last night, Melissa.  I didn’t mean to get you in trouble.  When your dad called, I thought it was you.  I never thought he’d be up so late,” Daniella said in one breath as she backed out of the driveway.  She had a tendency to speak quickly, and abundantly, when she was nervous.  She was obviously feeling guilty, and Melissa decided not to give her a hard time about it.
“Don’t worry, Daniella. It’s fine.”
“Ooh! Things must have gone really well with you and Kevin then if you’re not mad at me for the thing with your dad,” Daniella said and her tone changed.
She supposed Daniella could not help herself.  After all, her longtime friend was an optimist whose positivity bubbled over at times.  For her, the glass was always half-full.  Fittingly, her appearance echoed her upbeat personality.  From her sandy-blonde hair that bounced in a riot of curls past her shoulders, to her dimpled, effortless smile, each feature echoed cheerfulness. 
Unfortunately, optimism hadn’t been enough to make her date with Kevin better.
“Not exactly,” Melissa offered.
Alexandra turned in her seat to look at Melissa. “What the hell does ‘not exactly’ mean?”
Never one to beat around the bush, Alexandra got right to the point.
“Well, as it turns out, Kevin hasn’t changed at all.  He took me straight to East Fallkill Rec and jumped on me,” Melissa answered.
“What!” Daniella exclaimed.
“Are you kidding me?” Alexandra asked incredulously.
“Nope. I wish I were,” Melissa began. “I suggested the diner.  He said he wanted to get to know me better and wanted to go to the Rec Center.  Stupid me, I agreed.  As soon as we got there, he assumed we were gonna do more than talk.”
“Well, of course he did.  What did you think he meant when he said he wanted to go to the Rec Center?  He was telling you he wanted to fuck you,” Alexandra fumed.
She knew that Alexandra possessed an expansive vocabulary; that she was capable of speaking without swearing, but seldom did.  She was unapologetically foul-mouthed, brutally honest, crude, and at times, downright disgusting.  She belched often and with abandon and had, on occasion, been known to ask a friend to pull her finger.  Her vulgarity was as much a staple of her personality as was her beauty.  A statuesque goddess of Greek descent, Alexandra was intelligent and studious.  With long raven locks and irises so dark they appeared black, she was breathtaking.  From her full lips to her bronze skin and voluptuous curves, Alexandra’s stood out in every crowd she had ever been in.
Alexandra’s beauty would not serve her at the moment.  And Melissa was not in the mood to endure her brutal honesty or profanity-laden tirades.  She just wanted to get through the day as quickly and painlessly as possible.  There would be plenty of time to inform both of her friends of all the awful details surrounding her date with Kevin.  The present moment was not the right one.
“Thanks a lot Alex!  Way to be my best friend,” Melissa snapped.  “And to think, I thought you’d be on my side!”
Alexandra locked eyes with her.  She watched her friend’s demeanor soften, how her eyes, hardened earlier, turned to liquid onyx. Alexandra knew she’d gone too far, that she should have been more supportive; her eyes said as much.
Daniella, in an attempt to diffuse the thickening tension in the car, began regaling Melissa and Alexandra with tales of her study group for the remaining moments of their drive to school. Filled with minutiae humorous exclusively to those who were actually present at the study group, Melissa listened politely and laughed when she thought it appropriate. All the while, she was comforted by the familiarity of the conversation, and the fact that it did not involve Kevin.  But her comfort was short-lived.
“Melissa, I’m sorry about what I said.  I’m such a dick sometimes.  That fucking asshole thought you were gonna screw him in the car on the first date, and that makes him an even bigger dick,” Alexandra said.  
Melissa laughed.  “Yes, I guess it does,” she agreed.  It wasn’t the best apology she had ever received, but it was the best one Alexandra could offer.  And it made her laugh.
Her laughter ended, though, as they turned in to the driveway of the school, and was replaced with upset.  A familiar car pulled up behind them then slowed and dropped back out of sight.  Daniella parked her car in the front lot, and Melissa watched as the black Infinity reappeared, and as Kevin maneuver it over one of many large speed humps interspersed along the path to the rear lot.  He did not act as if he’d noticed Daniella’s car, or Melissa sitting in the back seat.  But she was sure he had.
Her stomach churned, threatened to expel her father’s deformed pancakes.
“Melissa, are you okay?  You’re like, really pale,” Daniella observed.
“I’m okay,” Melissa said. “I’m just a little nervous about seeing Kevin today, how he’s going to react.”
Alexandra and Daniella nodded solemnly before climbing out of the car and flanking Melissa. They walked together across the parking area. As she approached Harbinger’s High School, she took a deep breath and steeled herself for what lay ahead.

Chapter 4

Eugene sat upright in a wooden chair, at ease in the bounds of his sixteen by eighteen foot room.  He looked about his confines.  The room was simply furnished and possessed only basic fittings.  But its bareness and plainness did not offend him.  The space served its utilitarian purpose.  Furnished with a twin-sized, metal-framed cot, an oak chest of five drawers and a computer desk in the same light finish that featured a slide-out center keyboard drawer and a matching chair in which he sat, Eugene’s room was meticulously clean and orderly.  His bureau was uncluttered by photographs or knickknacks.  The smooth concrete walls, painted an institutional shade of pale green, were unadorned by posters or framed works. A simple black and white fifteen inch diameter wall clock sat above his work area.  Atop his desk, a computer monitor resided, unaccompanied by any other objects. Each piece of furniture was pushed against one of four windowless walls.  Every surface was tidied, austere.
Eugene disliked any form of pretentiousness, intensely.  He viewed it as troubling and disorderly.  He did not appreciate pretention in his living space and he did not welcome it elsewhere in his limited encounters with others.  His disdain for it was so intense that he took exception with his maker’s latest creation, Gabriel.
Dr. Franklin Terzini always sought to improve his greatest achievements, strove for superiority.  Such pageantry was acceptable, essential even, when developing new instruments for his projects.  But Gabriel was more than a mere project of his maker’s.  And Gabriel was nothing short of ostentatious.  He was a vulgar display that pandered to the loathsome masses.  Humanity would embrace such a stunning specimen, never question his purpose among them.  History had proved to him that humans responded positively to shiny, pretty things.  Eugene was neither shiny nor pretty.  Yet it was he, not Gabriel, that possessed the capabilities to properly transform humanity.  He was the shining example of the improved human species Terzini envisioned, stronger, faster and far more punishing.  Gabriel was just a flashy, less imposing, version of him.
He was confident that a scientist as brilliant as his maker would eventually realize the extent of his mistake, that he was the perfect specimen after which all future creations should be modeled, and correct it.  He imagined that such a revelation on the part of Terzini would result in Gabriel’s immediate termination.
A powerful quiver passed through him at the thought of Gabriel’s demise.  He needed to push down the intense anger that rose within him.  He positioned his enormous body in the undersized chair and breathed deeply.  He rested his hands on his knees, kept his posture impeccable and his face serene while he concentrated his focus on the clock in front of him until the tremor passed.  Outwardly, he seemed tranquil, placid.  His contentedness was a façade, though.  Inside pure, unadulterated rage coursed through his veins.
Eugene, the earliest innovation of Dr. Franklin Terzini was created to not experience human emotion.  He understood this detail of his construct and was aware that such a feat was made possible by changes made to the left side of his temporal lobe and the deep limbic system of his brain.  Despite these adjustments, however, instinct had unexpectedly evolved.  A natural predisposition gave him fury unparalleled in humanity.  Concealing his ever-growing anger from his maker was imperative to ensure his survival though.  He needed to dominate it, to oppress it, on a daily basis.   If Terzini became aware of his rage, he would be destroyed and the world would be deprived of his magnificence, of his undeniable supremacy.
The only times he was able to release his hatred was when his maker demanded it of him.  Deprived of that directive, Eugene forced himself to remain in a meditative trance, transfixed and possessed by his bloodlust.
He struggled to contain violent urges, found it necessary to be entranced more frequently.  What stormed in him far exceeded the pedestrian nature of blind rage, was far more profound than mere indignation.  Eugene scorned the human species; saw them as little more than transitory beings inhabiting the planet, clinging to material possessions as mold adheres to decaying fruit.  He longed to kill them all. He knew that he was the future of the humanity, a vast improvement of the useless scum that occupied Earth.  Yet he was forced to live in exile, alone in a small room tucked in an underground bunker.  He could not integrate into society or unite his genes with a host-willing or unwilling.  But Gabriel would.
Gabriel was weaker and slighter of build than Eugene, more similar to lowly humans.  He despised Gabriel as much as he despised humanity.
Eugene was the embodiment of strength and speed, far larger and superior in form and function to any human being.  On the infrequent occasions he ventured out among the sparsely populated towns surrounding Terzini’s lab, he observed those around him.  They were much smaller, slower, inferior beings.  He towered over them; standing erect, he reached six foot ten inches, his large skeleton enshrined by thick muscle.  Most substandard humans were insulated by copious amounts of fatty tissue on their diminutive frames.  He wondered how such deficient creatures laden with so much extra weight managed to propagate the species.
He, on the other hand, was a far more formidable specimen.  He was hulking and muscular.  Yet despite the sheer size of his limbs, he remained unencumbered.  He was not restricted as humans were. To the contrary, he was fast with responses that were nearly immediate.  Eugene rose above the inadequate masses.
He was physically superior, but believed that his face was by far his most arresting feature. Distinguishing him from all others in humanity were his widely spaced, honey-colored eyes.  Although he deemed them magnificent, breathtaking, his creator disagreed arguing that they were too feline.  Dr. Terzini thought it necessary for Eugene to keep them shrouded in dark lenses.
But his eyes were not the only distinctive characteristic he had.  When scrutinizing his reflection in the mirror of the lab lavatory, an act he seldom performed, Eugene observed how the bridge of his nose, wider and flatter than the average person, sloped steeply to thin perpetually compressed lips.  He noticed that people on television and in person had a much different appearance. Their collective features were not just closer together geographically, but also more refined.  Their lips were fuller, their smiles less intimidating.  Their looks were unlike his.
When he mirrored his maker’s smile, as was taught to him through conditioned response techniques, he observed how Dr. Terzini often recoiled in horror and commented on the menacing and maniacal expression it produced. Eugene was offended by his responses, especially since the architecture of Gabriel’s appearance was a perfected version of those in society, not terrifying in the least.  Terzini never shrunk back from Gabriel.
Eugene was advised by his creator that he could integrate with other human beings minimally and only if he did not smile and kept his eyes cloaked by sunglasses. Terzini told him that people would find him hideous, revolting.
He could not understand why Dr. Terzini wanted him to believe such obvious lies; he knew the rightful reason he had to hide his superiority, that mere mortals would be incapable of comprehending his magnificence.  He wrestled with the notion that an entire race of people would not only accept Gabriel’s unimaginative, uninspiring appearance, but celebrate it, that they would be seduced by his improved, but ordinary, attributes.
Eugene was not ordinary.  He embraced his extraordinary features.  They gave him an edge.  When presented with an adversary, shock proved a worthy weapon.
His appearance served an important purpose and was a direct result of his genetic makeup.  His composition differed markedly from Gabriel’s.  Eugene enjoyed a blend of genes as unique as his face. Dr. Terzini had altered his DNA at the embryonic stage of development just as with his contemporary, Gabriel. The crucial difference had been that Terzini had synthesized human and animal genetic material.
For Eugene’s development, Terzini had experimented by uniting human DNA with the DNA of a male lion.  In doing so, Dr. Franklin Terzini had created an individual as vicious as he was intelligent.  He’d created Eugene.
Eugene regarded the unusual circumstances of his bio-molecular configuration as a gift.  The interspecies combination sharpened his senses beyond that of human beings, made him more keen and alert.  As a result, he had developed into a ferocious fighter.  Moreover, he came to enjoy not only hunting his prey, but killing it as well.  He considered every attack and expertly executed each with precision.
During routine training exercises, he refused to concede defeat.  Instead, he persisted until an opponent was overcome, permanently.  His maker had introduced a variety of beasts and placed them as battle challengers.  All had attempted to best him but none had posed a threat.  His cunning and kill methods had proved superior.
His work ethic did not end in the physical arena.  It extended to his learning prowess as well.  He devoured knowledge as an animal devours its prey.  His maker had exposed him to every literary genre yet he focused on works that centered on war and power and the mastery of one’s emotions and surroundings.  Though written by prosaic humans, surprisingly, he had discovered that such volumes had strategic value, that uninspired people who struggled to conquer their passions had far more useful information than he had originally concluded.
Eugene’s preference for books about aggressive impulses and their relation to battle had not gone unnoticed by Dr. Terzini.  He had observed how his enthusiasm for such works was misinterpreted by his creator.  His passion had been dismissed as diligence, a characteristic his maker viewed as devoid of emotion, that carried evolutionary purpose.  Eugene believed Terzini had chosen not to see obvious responses that stirred in him.  Instead, his creator celebrated how he attacked tasks rather than simply completing them; it was the purpose of his existence.  He had been created to dispose of those who became aware of or interfered with Dr. Terzini’s work.  He used his gifts to carry out such tasks.
What his creator did not know was that killing was a rare treat Eugene savored.
Sent to resolve conflicts where his skills were warranted, he was called out of his brooding abstraction to assassinate people who threatened his creator or the nature of his work.  He accepted his calling for murder.  He had been called on intermittently in his short existence and looked forward to each occasion.  Most recently his talents were required for a situation involving his maker and an organized crime group in Russia.
Dr. Terzini moved from the Russian Far East with his most recent creation, Gabriel, to their new residence earlier in the week and left Eugene instructions that first included the slaughtering of Dmitri Ivanov and his crew.  How the task was to be carried out was left for him to decide.
After he finished with Ivanov and his men, Eugene needed to tend to other projects that were meant to ensure the murders would never be linked to Terzini.  His maker’s plan was carefully calculated and he was certain of its success.  He believed his creator to be the single most intelligent human being world-over and that fooling a group of useless criminals would occur with relative ease.
Excitement stirred in him as he considered his long and detailed assignment.  The time was fast approaching when he would be able to release his fury and kill again.
Though he knew he was designed to be devoid of human emotion, Eugene felt a stirring similar to pleasure at the thought of taking a human life.  His insides quivered, threatened to break the concentration of his trance.  But he knew he must carefully control his excitement.  Control was essential to his existence.
The murder of Dmitri Ivanov caused more stimulation than others had in the past.  Ivanov was of particular interest to Eugene.  Not only did the lowly criminal have the audacity to threaten his creator, Ivanov also traveled with a small band of men, always.  It would be a necessary phase of Ivanov’s extermination to dispose of his associates as well.  The prospect of additional assassinations made him shudder involuntarily.
Struggling to regain his composure and harness his rage, Eugene refocused on the simple analog wall clock, the regular sweeping of the second hand and the rhythmic ticking of the minute hand.  He watched each second of every minute counting down until the hour came when he would be able to bring his murderous wrath to Ivanov and his men.
Eugene reached into the pants pockets of his plain, tan chinos and retrieved a folded piece of paper.  He smoothed out the creases against the side of his oaken chair.  On it was written an address.  The information was the location he was to deliver a nuclear warhead to the faction of the Russian Mafia headed by Dmitri Ivanov.  The corners of his mouth pulled up, curled into a sinister smile as he considered how no such transaction would ever occur.  The site listed on the crumpled piece of paper would be the slaughtering ground for Ivanov and his men, the last place they would ever see.
Chapter 5

Gabriel James moved through a corridor filled with teenagers who ranged in age from fourteen to eighteen.  Though he had been thoroughly prepared academically for school via computer programs and distance learning facilities, and his brain absorbed and processed acquired information almost instantly, he experienced a sense of unpreparedness as he walked down the hallway of Harbingers High School.  His pulse rate elevated slightly as he observed how each student indulged their curiosity and stared at him as he passed.
He did not stare back.  To do so would have been improper, confrontational even.  His maker had been clear about that.  The last thing he wanted to do was seem threatening; that was not Terzini’s objective.  He needed to blend in, integrate with his peers.
Though he knew he was created without conventional human emotions, Gabriel endured the intense awareness of concerted inspection from his fellow classmates and perceived an uncharted sensation: uneasiness.  He knew what the sensation was, of course.  He had read about it, seen it portrayed in various cinematic scenarios and practiced the subtle facial changes involved when one is experiencing discomfort, but had no firsthand knowledge of it.
To compound the strangeness and intensity of their interest in him, he noted that many students divided their interest, looking to him while thumbing feverishly upon handheld devices simultaneously.  Dr. Terzini explained this trend as “text messaging,” an occurrence when a person uses his or her cellular phone to both send and receive messages instantly.  His maker, intent on having him mix seamlessly into the student populace, impressed upon him the importance of “texting,” as his cohorts called it, fluidly and often.  Gabriel was armed for his first day of school with a cell phone, equipped with a slide-out keyboard, and hours of practice so that he could fire off messages quickly, effortlessly.
With his new-fangled skill and gear, he strode down the student-lined passageway toward the main office.  He was to report to a guidance counselor and obtain his course schedule.
As he made his way to the office, more and more students arrived.  The hallway became crowded.   Throngs of students gathered, congregating in front of their lockers, chatting, texting and staring.  Gabriel’s pulse rate continued to climb steadily.  He dismissed it as a normal physiologic response to a new environment.
Further down the hall, he glimpsed three girls huddled together talking.  He noticed that they were all attractive but one stood out among them.  His maker did not deny him the ability to appreciate beauty; he merely disconnected the pathways in Gabriel’s brain that would erroneously cause him to act impulsively, irrationally.  Yet, he did find her to be remarkably attractive, so much so that his heart rate elevated considerably.  Such a reaction was unprecedented.  He knew he ought to discuss such matters with Dr. Terzini; that his maker would find the root cause of such reactions, but promptly rejected the notion of doing so.  He knew that any divergence from his expected performance could warrant destruction.  Self-preservation, a basic, innate desire to stay alive, had evolved within him. And while he did not possess a passion for life, he did not want to die either.

***

Alexandra and Daniella accompanied Melissa into Harbingers High School as they did nearly every morning.  Once inside, they did not disperse immediately.  Rather, they stood, huddled together watching everyone else arrive and chatting until their attention was diverted.  A boy they had never seen walked through the main entrance of the building and began walking down the hallway.
“Who is that?” Daniella asked.
“I don’t know, but he is hot!” Alexandra added.  “Wow! That boy is fine!”
Melissa tried not to stare as Alexandra and Daniella, along with every other student and faculty member roaming the hall did, but it was difficult not to.  The new boy was unlike anyone she had ever seen.  He was attractive, more attractive than any actor or model she had seen starring on television, in movies or gracing the cover of a magazine.  Yet, he did not stride with the self-assurance of boys far less attractive than he; he did not seem to embrace his spectacular looks.
She struggled to place the exact attitude he assumed, could not find words to properly describe the way he carried himself.  He seemed confident enough, but lacked the swagger she expected of a boy as handsome as he.  Instead, he seemed oddly nervous, uncomfortable.  She guessed it would be impossible for him to not feel nervous and uncomfortable while everyone around him stared and seemed mesmerized by his presence.  She didn’t think anyone would be capable of adjusting to scrutiny so focused, so concentrated.  She cringed at the thought of it happening to her.  She felt bad for him.
He continued moving and was about to pass them, all the while his eyes remained ahead of him, staring toward a distant destination.  As he came closer, his eyes briefly glanced in her direction.  She could not be certain, but she believed they made eye contact.
Melissa quickly rejected that belief, however, and dismissed it as nothing more than wishful thinking.  She blushed, embarrassed, and lowered her eyes to her feet and silently scolded herself for thinking a boy as good looking as he would look at her.  It was more likely that he was looking at something behind her, or just next to her, a point that gave the illusion of his eyes meeting hers.  She turned to her friends and was about to speak but stopped when she saw that both of them were nearly drooling over him.  Alexandra and Daniella allowed their gaze to follow him as he passed.  They, like the others, were blatant and unapologetic for their intense inspection and deep appreciation of his generous physical attributes.  When he had finally passed and the spell that had been cast was finally broken, Alexandra spoke first.
“Damn girl! Did you see how he stared at you?” Alexandra asked Melissa.
“Yeah right,” she replied sheepishly.
“What are you blind?  He looked right at you.  And no one else”
“Come on, Alex! That’s ridiculous!”
“Believe what you want, but I know what I saw.”
“I have to agree with Alex on this one,” Daniella chimed in.  “He looked directly at you.”
“You guys are nuts!” Melissa countered.  “I can’t even listen to this nonsense.”
 “Suit yourself, Melissa.  You’re so clueless!”  Daniella began playfully.  “I have to run. See you later!” 
Daniella walked quickly toward the staircase leading to the next floor where her locker resided.
“See ya, Daniella,” Melissa said.
“Later,” Alexandra chimed in.
Alexandra turned to Melissa and spoke. “I gotta go, too.  I’ll see you later.  I need to go to the nurse before the bell rings.  I need an antacid or something.  That breakfast burrito I had isn’t sitting well,” she said patting her chest to encourage a burp.
“Good luck with that,” Melissa said as Alexandra turned and walked in the opposite direction.
Melissa was alone.  She began walking to her first period class
Kevin was not in her first two sessions.  She was not sure whether that was a blessing or a curse.  On one hand, it bought her time to prepare for their awkward confrontation.  On the other hand, it allowed for time, a lot of time; time that would be spent worrying over how the situation would play out.  The interim between their date the previous night and third period English was nightmarish, agonizing.  She simply did not know what to expect.  
After several seconds of brooding, she resolved to push Kevin to the back of her mind and submerge herself in her courses.  Determined, she walked confidently to her locker and grabbed her books for her morning classes. 
First and second period passed quickly.  There had been no social repercussion whatsoever.  As far as she could tell, no one knew of their middle-of-the-night date, how it had ended poorly.
As she sat in her third period English class and waited for the room to fill, Melissa expected the quintessential ax to fall.  She waited for Kevin.
When Kevin finally did arrive, he breezed in past her and did not offer so much as a fleeting glance in her direction.  She felt relieved.  She had not entertained the possibility that nothing would happen, that their first interface would be free of drama.  Her penchant for negativity had grossly exaggerated Kevin’s meanness.  He was lecherous, but perhaps not all bad.  She allowed herself to relax before the bell rang and felt certain the day would not be as awful as she predicted.
Chapter 6

Thick fog shrouded the Kamchatka Peninsula.  An unusually mild air mass had settled over the area and drew murk from the deep snowpacks in the Northern section of land.  Eugene was unbothered by the fog, however.  He traveled, oblivious of it, with a single purpose: kill Dmitri Ivanov and his gang.  His focus did not deviate from his objective.
Behind the wheel of a behemoth Hummer H1 Alpha that pawed and climbed over rough terrain, he was focused, intent upon murder.  Every cell in his body seemed to vibrate and resonate with anticipation.
He could hardly contain his excitement as he drove along icy, unpaved roads toward Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, the main city on the peninsula which was situated on high, snow covered hills surrounded by volcanoes.  His destination, the one that promised multiple opportunities to kill, was an abandoned building selected as the alleged drop sight for a nuclear warhead Dr. Terzini was contracted to create.  Of course, there was no nuclear weapon to deliver.  He would provide them with something far different. 
Imagining the murders of not one, but five useless humans elicited a response so intense, Eugene struggled to repress it.  He knew they were alone.  He had surveyed the site earlier.  They were like lambs awaiting slaughter and he was the predatory wolf.  A reflexive shudder threatened to rack his body.  He nearly doubled over but managed to control his enthusiasm and drive on until the drop site came into view.
It was a squat, sad-looking building with peeling paint, a location befitting the grisly deaths Ivanov and his thugs would receive.  Eugene had researched the area before he arrived and discovered not only that the men were alone, but also that the building they were to meet in once functioned as an automobile repair shop.  Formerly, it had a white concrete exterior and black, framed windows.  Now, it bowed in dilapidation.  Moss and graffiti littered the walls.  Paint peeled along the casement frames.  Of the five windows on the garage door, three were broken, replaced with flimsy plywood.  A worn wooden door with a broken fixture beside it held a bare bulb and was the only entry and exit point.  Pathetic humans had constructed it, and equally pathetic humans had ruined it.  And soon, pathetic humans would die in it.
Eugene parked the Hummer in the wooded hills beyond the building as per Ivanov’s instructions.  Ivanov had informed Dr. Terzini that no one was permitted to park their vehicle in the vicinity of the drop site. To do so would risk drawing attention.  The last thing Eugene wanted was to draw attention to himself and risk sullying what was about to transpire.
He scanned the surrounding area just to be sure then grabbed a large metal briefcase from the passenger seat and dark glasses to mask his feline eyes before climbing out of the Hummer and moving on foot toward the decaying building.
He trekked across frozen, packed snow cluttered by dense foliage.  The trees and undergrowth were a chaotic spectacle, a loathsome riot of twisted and tangled limbs.  Eugene’s senses were briefly overwhelmed by unruly branches and intertwined vines.  He quickly regained his composure, though, and forced himself to focus on the task at hand.  After all, it was imperative for him to push the disorder of nature from his mind and keep moving; the excitement of his assignment needed to remain untarnished.
Ignoring the pandemonium of the landscape, Eugene moved toward the impending conflict unarmed.  He believed that weaponry was reserved for the weak and cowardly.  Eugene thought that in order to appreciate and fully enjoy a kill, it must be performed with his hands.
As he approached, he spotted two members of Ivanov’s gang posted at the door.  Though they were hidden by dense fog, he could see they were large and armed.  Both burly and brunette, the two were obviously related, likely brothers who were nearly identical outwardly save for a slight height difference.
Eugene advanced toward the pair.  His heavy tread on the ice-crusted snow alerted them.  Both men looked into the white abyss.
Stepping out of the concealment of the woodland, Eugene moved through veils of fog that licked with serpentine tongues at his body, their silky, sinuous shapes passing over and under him.  He moved as easily and effortlessly as the opaque vapors, quickly closing the distance between him and the sentinels who stood watch at the building.
He drew nearer, shedding his cloak of foliage and fog, and delighted in the response of the guards.  Both moved their meaty arms to their guns.  Each fortified his stance.  Eugene felt a sinister smile wrench the corner of his thin lips.  He scoffed at how such feeble-minded humans clung to their shiny weapons to give themselves a false sense of security.  He could not wait to strip them of their metal trinkets and punish them for their arrogant display.
Eugene moved to the door, looming before the two men.  He saw how their haughty expressions changed as they stood before him, permitted to fully appreciate his impressive form.  The twins glanced nervously at each other.
Eugene chose not to speak right away.  He threatened wordlessly, allowing for his enormous physique to intimidate them.  The guards stood dwarfed by him.  He imagined they no longer felt empowered by their pathetic guns.
After a moment passed and the guards were amply warned, Eugene decided to speak, his voice a rumbling bass he enjoyed hearing.
“I’m here to see Dmitri Ivanov,” he said levelly as he laid the briefcase at his feet.  “Lower your weapons. I am unarmed.”
“Are you here to deliver the package?” one of the men asked.
The guard’s voice trembled.  Eugene reveled in his desperate attempt to steady his voice and assume confidence.  He chose to be silent again.  With one of his powerful hands, he pointed to the large, metal briefcase in the snow at his feet.
The man standing to the left turned and strode away, beyond earshot.  His twin was left clutching his gun and shifting nervously from one foot to the other.  Eugene did not look at the anxious man.  Instead, he trained his gaze on the guard who distanced himself and spoke into a small, handheld transponder and alerted Ivanov to his arrival.  The man with the transponder listened intently while the voice on the other end instructed him.  Eugene heard he was to be fully searched before being allowed to enter the building.
The guard with the radio transceiver returned and his partner stopped fidgeting.  Aware of what their orders were, Eugene stepped forward with his arms outstretched in expectation of their check.
Ivanov’s guards, surprised by Eugene’s actions and compliance, allowed their harnessed automatic weapons to hang slack against their chests as they stepped forward to search him.
Their hands traveled over his body in search of firearms. Their facial expressions divulged their awareness of Eugene’s strength, that each limb was more solid than the next.
As they continued, Eugene fought to overcome the intensifying sensations that surged inside of him.  Excitement mounted, rolled and boiled, threatened to spew at any given moment.  He could not wait to kill.
Eugene tensed, slightly, fighting to control his urge to act.  Ivanov’s guards felt him stiffen.  They exchanged a cursory glance and suddenly realized their enormous oversight.  Neither man had kept their gun fixed on him.  Both men frantically reached for their weapons.
But it was too late.  Eugene struck.
In an instantaneous motion he lashed out both of his massive arms ensnaring the two men by their throats and lifting them off the ground.  He squeezed with measured, vice-like pressure.  His hands crushed each of their windpipes and snapped their spines rendering them dead simultaneously.  The speed of his kill was necessary to not alarm the three remaining men inside.
Dropping their bodies to the ground, Eugene smirked at the irony of synchronized deaths issued to the nearly identical humans.
He kicked Dmitri Ivanov’s pair of recently deceased guards aside and proceeded.
Stepping across the threshold he entered the decrepit building.  He walked down a long, darkened hallway toward a vaguely illuminated room.
The space was dimly lit and sparsely furnished.  The fluorescent lights overhead flickered at irregular intervals and lent an air of eeriness to the shabby space.  Three large wooden tables and one small table along with a dozen wooden chairs in various states of dereliction cluttered the area.  A filmy clock that no longer kept time hung on the far wall alongside an old calendar featuring scantily clad women posed on motorcycles.
Eugene stepped into the room.  Thanks to his creator’s description, Eugene immediately spotted Ivanov seated behind a worn desk in the rear of the shadowy room under the stopped clock.  With translucent blond hair and a complexion colored a vivid shade of red, Ivanov leaned back in his chair confidently with his two arms folded across his broad chest.  Flanking him were two men armed with automatic weapons.
Dmitri Ivanov tensed visibly and straightened his posture at the sight of Eugene.  His protuberant gray eyes widened and seemed to bulge farther.
“Put the case on my desk!  Do it slowly!” Ivanov barked commandingly.
Though Ivanov addressed him firmly, spoke to convey his absolute authority, Eugene heard a faint tremor in his voice that betrayed his outward confidence.  He was certain Ivanov was afraid.
Eugene obeyed and slowly approached.  He placed the briefcase on the desk in front of Ivanov.
Ivanov’s scarlet face flushed with anger to an unhealthy purple at the sight of the case that was clearly too small to hold a nuclear warhead.
“What is this?”  Ivanov spat angrily.  “You are supposed to be delivering a nuclear warhead, and you’re sent with a case that’s not even big enough to hold the money that I paid for its construction!”
Eugene remained silent.	
Ivanov glared at Eugene and yelled, “Speak dammit!  Is this some kind of a joke?” 
“This is what I was given,” Eugene stated adding an inflexion of perplexity.  “This is what Dr. Terzini instructed me to deliver.”
“Your boss has been warned.  And now he plays games!”  Ivanov shouted his face a dangerously dark contrast to his pale hair.
Eugene pushed the case closer to Ivanov. Ivanov angrily grabbed at the case and opened it.  Upon seeing its contents, the brawny criminal’s red face blanched.  He froze in horror. 
Inside the container was an explosive device.  Fastened to the center of the bomb was a digital timer in the process of counting down from ten.
Eugene watched Ivanov’s guards from behind his dark lenses.  The shorter of the two, a ginger-haired man of squat stature stood to the right of his boss.  He had beady eyes the color of soil that shifted about nervously.  Whether it was drug use or nerves that caused his eyes to dart, Eugene did not care.  He simply knew the dumpy redhead would die first.  The bodyguard standing at Ivanov’s left was a tall rangy man with black hair. His face drooped and sagged like an aged hound dog.  A prominent nose filled much of his face and arched continuously from his forehead, curving outwardly as it sloped to his blubbery lips which jiggled and shook in sync with his racing pulse.
Eugene watched as their confidence collectively waned, replaced with dread, with fear.  Their weapons lowered as they stared in shock at the contents of the case, a mistake that would prove deadly.  Such a misstep allowed Eugene a fraction of a second, sufficient time to act.
In a motion orchestrated with skilled precision, Eugene descended on the guard to Ivanov’s right.
Caught by surprise, he looked up just in time to see Eugene advancing.
Eugene moved with the speed and grace of a jungle cat descending on his prey, grabbing his adversary by the face.  He used the full weight of his enormous frame and drove the flame-haired guard’s skull into the concrete wall behind him.
Eugene quivered, elated by the sound of bone meeting the hardened surface, of the man’s cranium crushing under his blow.  The impact sent the defunct wall clock above Dmitri Ivanov crashing to the floor below.
Eugene felt cheated that he could not linger and allow himself to be fully enraptured by the redhead whose life was slipping away incrementally.  He wished to lock eyes with the dying man; to be hypnotized by his death, to delight in it.  But such luxuries could not be afforded. Others needed to die; individuals with loaded automatic weapons that would soon be pointed at him.
Instead, Eugene moved without pause to the other man.  His movements were instant. Ivanov’s remaining guard had no time to react.  He attempted to fire his weapon, but Eugene was already on him and had seized the gun by its barrel, ripping it from his hands as bullets sprayed into the far wall.
After being disarmed, the raven-haired guard wanted no part of a confrontation with Eugene and turned to run.
Eugene extended his arms, swiftly landing his hands on the fleeing man’s narrow shoulders.  With a swift grabbing motion, he positioned the man in front of him then hoisted him high overhead.  With one hand on his groin and the other at his arm pit in a hold resembling a professional wrestling maneuver, Eugene brought Ivanov’s gangly guard crashing down on his raised knee.
A loud, sickly snap was heard as the spine and surrounding vertebral bones were severed.  Death slowly encroached before finally overtaking him.  A tremor passed through Eugene as he tossed the carcass to the floor.  He then turned his attention to Dmitri Ivanov.
As he moved toward the mob boss, the timer on the explosive device bottomed out to zero.
It signaled the end of its countdown by issuing a distinct ding sound as benign as a toaster.  No explosion ensued.  The artificial bomb proved a successful distraction.
He advanced further, stepping slowly, relishing Ivanov’s reaction.  Dmitri Ivanov sat mouth agape.  Eugene removed his dark sunglasses revealing his unnatural, feline eyes.  He parted his thin lips and stretched them across his teeth into a twisted smile.  Like a ferocious animal baring his incisors, his face contorted into a nightmarish image.
He watched as Ivanov’s carotid artery pulsated erratically; he could practically hear its fitful drumming. The burly, blond criminal’s expression was no longer cocky.  Instead, he more closely resembled a man who had seen the devil himself.  Fear and horror flashed across his reddened face as he regarded the abomination positioned across from him.
Dmitri Ivanov, though shocked and horrified, attempted to feign confidence.
“What the hell are you?” he asked.
Eugene leaned toward Ivanov and spoke, “What I am is the man who was sent to kill you, Mr. Ivanov.”
Eugene paused, allowing the weight of his words to be fully absorbed.
“You’ve insulted Dr. Franklin Terzini.  You threatened his life.  Now, I’m here for yours.”
“If you kill me, you will start something you cannot finish!” Ivanov said his words pressured by fear he sought to suppress.  “Do you have any idea how many men I am connected to?  There is no country in the world that you or Terzini will be safe in, you will be tracked down like dogs.  If you Let me live,” he tried, but Eugene had heard enough.  He interrupted Ivanov’s ramblings and spoke, his voice flat and devoid of emotion.
“Let you live?  I don’t think so.  But I will give you a sporting chance and offer you a count of twenty to flee before I come after you.”
“Do you hear me?” Ivanov asked, his voice turning shrill.  “There is no,” he tried again futilely.
“Twenty!” Eugene spat angrily, alerting Ivanov that there would be no bargaining.
“You’re a dead man!” Ivanov proclaimed as he rose from his chair.
Eugene smirked at Ivanov, before resuming his countdown.
“Nineteen!”
Accepting his fate, Dmitri Ivanov frantically scrambled out the door in to the surrounding wooded hills.
Eugene, true to his word, gave Dmitri Ivanov a full count of twenty before slowly walking to the door of the dilapidated structure.  He paused at the threshold and sniffed the air.  Though thickened by fog, the scent was distinct; it lingered.  Savoring the trail for just a moment, Eugene felt a familiar emotion swell with in him: rage.
He needed to kill.  His entire body quivered involuntarily before he stepped outside to begin his pursuit.
Swiftly closing the distance between him and Ivanov, Eugene descended on his prey.
There was no longer a need for him to rush, he was able to take his time, enjoy himself.
If anyone had been in the forested hills of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, they would have heard the tortured screams of Dmitri Ivanov suffering at the hands of his killer.  Fortunately for Eugene, no one was present to hear the cries.
Chapter 7

The second of two electronic bells sounded and signified that Gabriel was late for his third period English class.  His meeting with his academic adviser had taken far longer than he had estimated.  Additionally, he had to meet with the school nurse, the principal and had received a tour of the campus from the student council president Evelyn, an overly enthusiastic girl with braces on her teeth.
When the tour was finally over, Gabriel proceeded to his first class at Harbingers High School.  He consulted the campus map Evelyn had given him and arrived at Mr. Adams’s third period English class.  He rapped his knuckles against the door, lightly at first.  There was no response, so he knocked louder.  A tall, lanky man with gray hair opened the door and accepted his late pass signed by the principal.
All eyes focused on him as he entered the classroom.  The unfamiliar sensation of discomfort resurfaced.  Unsure of exactly how to manage it, Gabriel shifted his weight from one leg to the next, waiting for instructions.  But he did not receive any.  Instead, he received a formal introduction.
“Class, your attention would be nice.  Okay.  Direct your eyes to the front of the room, please.  Thank you.  People, let’s welcome Gabriel James,” Mr. Adams rambled with a pronounced nasal twang then directed him to sit at an empty desk near the rear of the room.
As Gabriel scanned the room, he saw many unfamiliar faces; most were unremarkable, but friendly, nevertheless.  One male student among them did not seem altogether friendly, however.  Though seated, Gabriel could tell he was tall and athletic.  He watched Gabriel through narrowed eyes, all the while wearing a crocked smile that revealed a single dimple in his right cheek. Gabriel met his gaze, did not look away, but matched the dimpled boy’s intensity.  His intention was not to be confrontational.  He merely wanted to make plain that large athletic high school students posed no threat to him, that he was not intimidated in the least, that he felt no fear.  Gabriel watched as the boy with the dimpled cheek ran a hand through his spiky blond hair and turned to the person sitting next to him and whispered loudly 
“pretty boy” then laughed.  The person to whom he spoke did not share in his laughter.  Neither did Gabriel.
Gabriel intensified his stare, his face expressionless.  He guessed that his posture and stony aspect warned the dimpled boy off for he immediately fumbled with his textbook and submerged himself in its content with urgency.
Satisfied that the fleeting incident between him and the boy with the dimpled cheek had been adequately handled, he scanned the room again quickly.  Mr. Adams had finished his rather winded inaugural presentation and ushered Gabriel to his desk.  Upon closer inspection, he realized the seat assigned to him was next to someone he had seen before.  His desk was beside the girl with the green eyes from earlier in the morning.
Her eyes were cast down, likely examining lecture notes.  She looked up as he brushed past her desk, locked eyes with him for a split second.  Without warning, his pulse rate accelerated again.
Gabriel struggled to understand the occurrence.  His reaction to her was completely alien to him, yet not entirely unpleasant.  He decided it would be beneficial to speak to the green-eyed girl.  He reasoned that it was imperative to forge friendships as they were a necessary element of his integration process.

***

Melissa found Mr. Adams’s English class to be the longest and most grating of all her courses.  Though it was fifty minutes, just as all other classes, it dragged on endlessly.
Typically, the point at which her misery peaked was the precise time the bell would ring to end the session, but not on this day.  Instead, twenty minutes into class, Mr. Adams droned on and on but stopped briefly to introduce a new student who had just entered the classroom.
She recognized him immediately.  She had seen him earlier in the hallway before school had started.  It would have been impossible to forget him; he was breathtaking.  He was better looking than any boy she’d ever seen.  Melissa dared not stare at him as others did.  She found their gaping to be brazen, rude even.  Instead, she focused on her notebook, but couldn’t concentrate.  She looked at the words she had just written, but read none of them.
She glanced up as he passed her desk and took his seat beside her.  For a fraction of a moment, they made eye contact.  There was no mistaking it this time; she was certain of it.  His deep-set sapphire eyes met hers.
He sat and turned to her unexpectedly.
“Hi.  I’m Gabriel,” he said and waited for a response. 
Melissa did not answer right away.  She was too stunned to speak.
“Your name is?” he asked.
“Um, Melissa, I’m Melissa Martin,” she fumbled.
She smiled and felt a familiar sensation of warmth spread across her cheeks.  She knew they’d reddened.  He smiled back at her, a genuine smile that did not end at his lips but traveled to his eyes and she felt her face blaze.  Embarrassed, she immediately turned from him and feigned interest in her study materials, trying desperately to avoid resembling a tomato with hair.
Gabriel’s gaze lingered.  She felt his eyes on her briefly before he lowered them.  Straining to see him through a curtain of golden-brown tresses, she stole a quick glance at him.  He was scanning the contents of his course textbook.  His azure eyes were veiled by dark, thick lashes.  He seemed preoccupied so she allowed her gaze to settle in his general direction.  She scanned the far wall with him still in her line of vision.  She glimpsed at the analog clock mounted on the wall, she looked over notes her instructor had scribbled on the dry-erase board.  She tried desperately to remain inconspicuous, but it was almost impossible to keep her eyes averted. 
His profile displayed the contours of his face.  The straight line made from the base of his nose to the tip, the gentle indentation of the skin between his nose and upper lip, the ampleness of his lips, the architecture of his high cheekbones, the strength of his jawline, all of it culminated to form perfection.  He looked unlike anyone she’d ever seen, like an extraordinarily handsome work of art.
Without warning, Gabriel lifted his chin and turned back to face her.  She froze briefly.  Certain that his exceptional looks enabled him to read her mind, her face flushed anew.  She feared she resembled a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming vehicle, but did not look away immediately.  He looked back at her, puzzlement etching his every feature.
Her shyness and general lack of confidence colored her skin a deep crimson and left her worrying whether the new student was mocking her. Mercifully, the electronic pealing of a bell signaled the end of third period English.  She gathered her belongings as quickly as possible and left. 
Fortunately, fourth period was lunchtime.  Embarrassing or awkward interactions would be limited.  After what had just taken place, she desperately needed a moment alone to decompress.  She intended to navigate the students bustling through the hallway and make a quick exit from the back doors of the school.  Fresh air and a brisk walk off campus would clear her head. 
Moving across an area littered with the desks of twenty-five students, some of whom loitered and loafed about, Melissa politely edged her way to the door.
As she rounded the corner outside the door to Mr. Adams’s English classroom, Gabriel James caught up to her.
“Hey Melissa!” he called. 
Shocked, she turned to face him.  She was powerless to conceal the expression of astonishment on her face.  But her surprise was quickly replaced with confusion as Gabriel stood wordlessly before her. 
He shifted from one foot to the other as if searching for something to say.  Yet, Melissa dared not speculate that he was nervous around her.   After all, he must own a mirror. She found the idea inconceivable, ridiculous; his good looks would likely render every girl to putty in his hands. 
The silence loomed.
Melissa furrowed her brow as she sensed another red mask settle across her cheeks.  She waited for what seemed like eternity for Gabriel to speak.  But he did not.  He simply stood there. 
She remained, mirroring his behavior, shifting her weight from one leg to the next, unable to simply walk away and leave him standing there.  She inhaled sharply, mustering the courage to answer the voice in her head that screamed, urged her to say something, anything, and break the silence. But before her words were formed, Gabriel spoke.
“Does Mr. Adams always sound like that, or is he sick or something?”
Melissa paused briefly then laughed aloud. 
Though embarrassed by her outburst, she could not stop herself from laughing.  The tense moments, the awkward silence leading up to his question about Mr. Adams instigated it.  She did not want Gabriel to think she was mocking him or worse, that she was crazy.  
“No.  He’s not sick,” she giggled, wiping tears.  “He just has an unusual voice.  You’ll get used to it, eventually.”
“Wow.  That’s a nice way of putting it.”
She laughed again.
Gabriel remained, smiling at her as she fumbled through her purse for a tissue to blot her eyes.  He continued chatting with her, asking about other instructors and courses.  As he did so, various girls, many of whom were barely acquainted with Melissa, suddenly stopped to ask her an assortment of questions.  She knew they were just excuses to be around Gabriel as most, if not all, were ridiculous questions about homework assignments for classes she was not a student in, foreign language programs she was not affiliated with, and hairstyling tips she did not have.  With Gabriel at her side, Melissa was suddenly the most in-demand person at Harbingers High School.  Yet as each girl spoke, their eyes remained on Gabriel, not Melissa.
Gabriel stayed despite looking as though he wanted to flee the pack that had descended on him, circling and stalking him like wolves surrounding wounded prey.  He stayed as she addressed absurd questions and deflected others altogether.  She tried to stay calm.  Her tone was neither sarcastic nor angry and she kept her facial expression neutral.  But the more she interacted with her hormonally charged peers, the more obvious their agendas became.  She also noticed that Gabriel was uncomfortable. 
Unlike Kevin Anderson who rejoiced in being flanked by groups of adoring girls, Gabriel subtly rejected the advances offered.  Melissa watched as many girls flirted overtly.  Hair was flipped, bosoms were outthrust, Gabriel’s arms were continually touched, giggling reached excessive levels, and eye contact was prolonged.  The display was shameless. 
Unable to endure it a moment longer, Melissa ushered him out of the group claiming she needed to get him to the guidance counselor’s office to iron out conflicts in his course schedule.
As she shepherded him away from the group, Melissa turned to him and said, “I’m sorry for those girls back there.  They’re a little overcharged, hormonally, I mean.” 
She blushed and rolled her eyes at her words, at her awkwardness then continued, “I mean that must have been weird for you.  They kind of descended on you like a pack of wolves.” 
She shifted uncomfortably. 
“Anyway, I would have been freaked out if I were you.”
Gabriel listened intently.
Melissa composed herself and asked, “So where are you from Gabriel James?”
“I am from Russia, the Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East to be exact.”
“Huh.  That’s cool.  You don’t have an accent or anything, though,” Melissa commented on his absence of foreign inflection.
“No.  I was educated exclusively in English, taught American history.  What can I say?  My education is all-American.”
She smiled at him.  He smiled in return, effortlessly, openly.
“Do you speak Russian?” Melissa inquired.
“Yes, I do, fluently.”
“Huh.  You’re bilingual.  Cool.”
Melissa continued toward the exit doors, but paused in front of the gymnasium and turned to face Gabriel. 
“Hey, are you hungry? I was going for a walk, but I can show you where the cafeteria is,” she asked.
“I’m not really hungry,” he replied.  “Do you mind if I walk with you?”
She thought about it for a moment, though there was nothing to think about.  Of course, she wanted to walk with Gabriel, even though she’d made a fool of herself in front of him a handful of times in the five minutes she’d known him.  Who wouldn’t want to walk with him? “Sure.  Why not?” she said and smiled.  “I just need to drop my books in my locker.  Wait here.  I’ll be back in just a sec.”
As she turned around and started toward her locker, Kevin, with his blinding smile and solo dimple fully engaged, was heading toward her.  
Her stomach rolled and churned nervously.  He had ignored her in class just moments ago.  Melissa doubted she would be so lucky this time as he was looking directly at her.  She wondered what ugly words awaited her behind his counterfeit smile.
To her surprise, however, Kevin spoke pleasantly, as if he simply had not noticed her during class, and the night before had never happened.
“Hey Melissa!” he called cheerfully.
Melissa found him remarkably chatty and upbeat given the circumstances.
“How are you?  How’d you sleep?” he asked and wrinkled his nose in exaggerated concern.
“Not good, Kevin, not good at all,” Melissa responded honestly.
“Huh.  Sorry to hear that.  I was thinking that maybe we could go to the kegger together tonight after the bonfire.”
It was Friday, but not any ordinary Friday.  It was the beginning of homecoming weekend.  A school-sponsored bonfire was scheduled on campus for that night.  The bonfire would be immediately followed by a gathering of popular students in the woods behind the school.  They would huddle around a keg of beer for as long as the police stayed away.  Inevitably, the police would come and everyone would scatter in varying states of intoxication and attempt to find their way to their cars.  Melissa considered it a sad rite of high school students, one that did not interest her in the least.  Spending time with Kevin did not interest her either, especially after what had happened the night before.
“Seriously, Kevin?  After last night?  I don’t think so.”
“I was hoping you’d forgiven me for last night.”
“You never asked me to forgive you.”
“I’m asking now.  Please forgive me.  I was a bad boy last night,” Kevin frowned exaggeratedly. 
Then in a voice Melissa deemed positively cloying, he continued, “You just have this effect on me.  I don’t know what it is.  I’m crazy about you Melissa Martin.  But I promise you, I will behave.  Just give me another chance.  I’ll be a perfect gentleman.”
Melissa felt sickened by his show of inflated sentiment, but knew better than to start an argument or humiliate him in the hallway of the school he was revered in.  She was also pressed for time.  Gabriel was waiting for her by the gym.  She dared not dream that Gabriel wanted anything more than friendship from her.  Surely, a boy as handsome as Gabriel would only date a girl of his caliber.  Melissa did not consider herself of that standard.  
“Well, I’ll be at the bonfire with Daniella and Alexandra.  Maybe we’ll run into each other” she said offhandedly.
“That sounds great!  I’ll find you there tomorrow!  We’ll hang out.”
She was growing increasingly impatient.  Gabriel was waiting for her, and Kevin was not letting the whole bonfire thing go.  
“Fine.  I’ll go with Alexandra and Daniella.  We’ll talk when I see you there,” she asserted.  “But no joking around, we’re just going to hang out and talk, right?”
Kevin held up three fingers on his right hand in a Boy Scout salute and said, “Scouts honor.  I’ll meet you at the bonfire?”
“Fine, see you later.”

***

The boy from his class, the one he saw talking to Melissa seconds earlier, strode toward the gym, passing Gabriel, where a group of his friends were gathered.  All were tall and athletic looking and waited for him inside gymnasium.  One broke away from the rest and made his way to Kevin. 
“Well, what did she say?” he asked.
“What do you think she said, John?” Kevin replied arrogantly.  Gabriel now knew the person he spoke to was named John.  “She’s meeting me after the bonfire at the keg party.”
“No way man! After last night?” John asked incredulously.
“Are you finally gonna tap that ass, or what?” another of his friends asked as he approached.  He rolled his hips in a thrusting motion as he spanked the air with his hand.
“I am gonna tap that ass tonight, whether she likes it or not, Eric!” Kevin bragged and high-fived the boy before him named Eric. 
Gabriel, just outside the doors of the gymnasium, overheard the interaction between Kevin and his friends.  As he listened, an unfamiliar feeling surged inside him: anger.  He thought it impossible for him to feel anything.  Yet, the rage he felt at Kevin’s intentions with Melissa was undeniable.
He had just met her, but felt compelled to protect her.  She had awakened something in him that could only be described as emotion for the second time that day.
Gabriel glared at Kevin, John, Eric and another boy whose name he had not learned yet as they bounded into the gym to play basketball during their lunch break.  The nameless one looked over his shoulder at Gabriel.  Gabriel stared unwaveringly at him and the others.
“Come on, Chris!” Kevin called to the boy who looked at Gabriel, only now he had a name.  Chris.  The name was branded in Gabriel’s brain.  Kevin waved his friend near.  But Chris did not budge.  He did not join his friends immediately.
“Got something to say, douche bag?” Chris asked Gabriel, sarcasm and venom lacing his words.
Gabriel did not mimic Chris’s expression as he had learned to do during downloaded instructional video sessions provided by Dr. Terzini.  He did not parrot his sarcasm.  Gabriel did, however, lock eyes with Chris, as unfamiliar reactions stormed within him. 
The intensity and boldness of Gabriel’s stare warned Chris off for he did not volunteer another word.  Instead, he retreated to a rack that held over a dozen basketballs, selected one and began dribbling.  
While he warmed up and shot basketballs at the hoop, Gabriel glowered at him from afar.  Chris pretended not to see him, but Gabriel saw him glance in his direction several times.
Once the adrenaline surge passed, Gabriel took his eyes off Kevin’s pack. “Whether she likes it or not,” a malignant phrase spoken by Kevin, resonated in Gabriel’s mind.  And he knew he would be attending the bonfire scheduled for later in the afternoon and the keg party that followed. 
Melissa returned to where Gabriel waited outside the gym.  He inhaled deeply as he caught the scent of her faint but intoxicating fragrance.  He had never smelled such a scent, save for his first interaction with her.  He failed to place exactly what the specific notes of the perfume were that tantalized his sense of smell.
“Ready to go?” she asked.
“Yep,” he answered, dizzied momentarily by the rush of foreign forces that were at work within his construct.
They traveled the rest of the short corridor in silence.  They approached the rear exit doors that opened to a student parking lot.  Gabriel opened the door for Melissa.  He was momentarily blinded by the brilliant golden light which filled the unseasonably warm November morning.  He spoke first, inquiring about the unusual weather.
“Wow.  It’s so warm.  I thought November was a colder month around here.  Is this normal?” he asked.
“No.  It feels like a day in late April, not November.  That’s global warming for you,” Melissa offered.
“In Russia, there is little temperature difference between November and April,” Gabriel began nervously. He took a deep breath before continuing. “Summers on the Kamchatka Peninsula are from June to October.  But we lived in a more remote area in the Northern portion of the peninsula.  It had more of an arctic climate,” he babbled, tensely trying to maintain a conversation.
“Oh.”
“This feels great compared to winter nearly year-round,” he added.
“I keep forgetting that you’re not from around here.  It’s hard to remember that you aren’t American.  I mean, your English is better than most Americans.” 
“Thanks.  I haven’t been here long.  But my dad says the same thing.  He was born here then moved to Russia for a while. ”
“Oh.  So he is American?”
“Yes, he is.”
“So your mom is Russian?”
“I wouldn’t know.  I never met her.”
“Did she, I mean, is she,” Melissa stammered.
“Dead?  I have no idea.  My dad never talks about her.  And it’s always been just the two of us.”
Melissa stopped walking and turned to face Gabriel.  Her eyes were sympathetic.  She placed her hand on his shoulder and gave a gentle squeeze. 
“I am so sorry.  It must be really hard for you.  Not having a mom and all.  I can relate.  Trust me.” 
At her touch, Gabriel felt a tremor pass through his stomach.  His heart raced again.  He identified the response as nervousness but was unsure why he was feeling it.
They continued walking and had wandered across the parking lot and on to a residential street.
“How about you?  What’s your family like?  Do you have any brothers or sisters?”  Gabriel asked.
“No brothers or sisters.  My mom died when I was seven.  It’s just me and my dad.”
“It must be hard for you,” Gabriel said and could see pain plainly in her eyes.  Oddly, her pain created a strange clenching sensation in his chest.
Melissa looked over her shoulder at him as they walked.  Her eyes were moist with emotion and the clenching tightened. 
“You’d think that with all the time that has passed, I mean, it’s been ten years, I wouldn’t miss her so much,” she said earnestly.  “But I really do, especially now.  There are so many things I want to tell her and things I want to ask her about.”  
Melissa stopped talking abruptly.  Her cheeks turned rosy.  Gabriel had never seen such a response.
“Whoa!  I’m sorry,” Melissa said wiping under her eyes with her fingers. “I’m so embarrassed.  I didn’t mean to turn in to an Oprah guest on you.”
Gabriel immediately made the connection between her reference to the renowned talk-show icon and her emotional response.  The parent-child connection was powerful among human beings.  Though he had no such relationship, he found himself undergoing something more than a mere glitch in his psychological configuration.  He was inexplicably overcome by a flood of emotions, emotions he had knowledge of but no firsthand experience with.  He was created to be devoid of sentimentality, had lived as such for his entire existence.  Her effect on him was baffling.
Unequipped to deal with the sudden rush of feelings, Gabriel realized he had connected with her despite the nature of his composition.  He floundered, defenseless against sympathy for the loss of her mother.  He sensed her sadness and began to feel what could only be described as sympathy.  He felt compelled to wrap her in his arms, inhale her sweet fragrance and offer her comfort.  He was unsure of precisely how to execute such an act, had no practice with such matters, yet felt bound to do something. 
Gabriel opted not to embrace Melissa.  Instead, he placed his hand on the small of her back and leaned in slightly and spoke.
“Hey, don’t be embarrassed.  There is nothing to be embarrassed about.  I can’t imagine what you go through every day.  It must be so hard.” 
Gabriel hoped his words were helpful and that the physical contact was appropriate.  He did not wish to offend her.  Though Melissa did not tense at his touch, he worried that his actions were too forward.  Hesitantly, he removed his hand from her back and backed up.
They began walking again.
“What about you?  Here I am whining.  At least I have memories of my mom.  You don’t even have that,” Melissa stated.
Gabriel considered Melissa’s question and statement.  He searched for an adequate response.  He did not want to lie to Melissa more than was necessary to preserve his and Terzini’s safety.  His silence was interpreted as offense; Melissa began apologizing.  He had deliberated on the topic for far too long.
“Look, Gabriel.  I am so sorry.  That was a stupid, insensitive thing to say.”
He watched as she chewed her lower lip nervously, agonizing over the presumed offense.  Her cheeks reddened again.
“I say really dumb things sometimes.  I mean, really.  You don’t know me.  But if you did, you’d know that my mouth might as well have a sign that reads ‘insert foot here.’”
Gabriel held up a hand and interrupted her.  He would not allow her to feel guilty.
“I think you’re great.  Please don’t call yourself dumb anymore, okay? You’re great.  Really,” he asserted.
“But,” Melissa tried to interject.
 Gabriel continued.
“And you didn’t upset me or anything.  I was just thinking about how to phrase what I wanted to say,” he admitted.  “I didn’t know how you would take me saying that I am not bothered at all that I don’t have a mother in my life.  I don’t have any memories and that’s fine.  Can’t miss something or someone you never had, right?”
Melissa stopped walking.  She looked pensive.  He hoped he did not seem uncaring or remote by saying what he said. 
“I guess I see what you’re saying.  I mean, things are what they are, right?” Melissa offered.
“Yes.  I just didn’t want you to think I was cold or anything.”
“You just met me.  I mean, what would you care what I think.” Melissa touched her hand to her forehead before saying, “That came out all wrong. I just meant to say why would you worry about me judging you?” 
Then, under her breath she muttered, “I should not be allowed to speak.”
Gabriel surprised himself by taking Melissa’s willowy arm in his hand and turning her to face him.  In the sunlight, her eyes were a kaleidoscope of subtly varying shades of green.  The complexity of the color was layered, emerald with hints of olive and turquoise.  Gabriel felt his breath catch in his chest.  He tried to compose himself before he spoke. 
“I’m not sure why, I know we just met, but for what it’s worth, I do care what you think of me.  I don’t worry that you’re judgmental.  As I said before, I think you are great,” he said honestly.
Suddenly aware of their physical proximity and the implications of such closeness, Gabriel released Melissa’s arm.
Her face glowed, radiant.  Gabriel’s heart threatened to beat out his chest as he regarded her lustrous features. 
But all too quickly, Melissa glanced at her wrist watch and noted the time.
“Oh man!  We’re late.  We’ve got to get back to class, like, right now or we’re going to miss fifth period,” she said.
Crestfallen, Gabriel turned and followed Melissa as they doubled back at a jog toward Harbingers High School.
Chapter 8

Eugene returned to Dr. Terzini’s laboratory.  His insides still trilled from his hunt. Ivanov and his associates had proved no match for him.  His speed and power was unsurpassed.  Despite vanquishing his prey with ease, he was exhilarated, energized.
Equipped with numerous canisters of highly flammable lab materials, Eugene intended to douse the entire bunker and set it afire with Terzini still inside.  Not the Dr. Terzini, the geneticist who had created him, though.  The Dr. Terzini that would die in the laboratory fire was a clone. 
The clone did not have altered DNA as Eugene and Gabriel did.  There had not been any gene enhancement. 
The replica was not educated as Terzini was.  He did not perform experiments or conduct research.  To Eugene’s knowledge, the duplicate Dr. Terzini was not even capable of speech.  Rather, the clone existed as an empty vessel that spent his waking hours confined to a small cell in the laboratory. 
The Terzini clone had one purpose.  He was created to die in the laboratory fire.  Retaining genetic material identical to his creator, the demise of the clone provided Dr. Terzini with a unique opportunity; the world, and more specifically, the Russian Mob, would believe him dead.
Dr. Terzini had detailed to Eugene that in order to be exonerated from all the debt he had incurred with the mob and the certain death that would follow if that debt were not paid, it was imperative that he create the illusion of permanent disappearance.  He’d made it clear to Eugene that fleeing the country was not possible, that he would be tracked down and killed.  The only acceptable way for him to withdraw without repercussion would be to die.  Eugene would simulate his maker’s death.
But before the lab would burn and the Terzini clone perished, Eugene had needed to assassinate Ivanov and his men. 
His creator viewed the death of Ivanov and his guards as an essential phase of the plan.  Their deaths had been as vital as the creation of the empty sleeve that appeared to have housed a nuclear warhead and occupied a large section of his lab.  They were all components of an elaborate illusion, that Terzini had, in fact, spent their resources on the intended project–a nuclear warhead–and died at the hands of an enemy faction.
Eugene believed Terzini’s plan to be flawless.  It did not leave any loose ends.  To the Russian mafia, Terzini’s death and the alleged theft of the nuclear warhead, together with the slaughter of Dmitri Ivanov and his men, would appear to be the actions of a rival organization.  The Russians would exhaust innumerable hours and manpower scouring the Earth for the phantom group.  
In death, Dr. Franklin Terzini would be absolved of all debt, he would not have to flee and live the life of a fugitive. His falsified demise also released him from regulations that burdened researchers in the United States.
Additionally, Terzini would have unrestricted access to his inheritance that had been transferred incrementally over his years on the Kamchatka Peninsula to numbered Swiss bank accounts.  Eugene revered his maker’s vast intelligence, his rigid adherence to the nature of his work and meticulous attention to every detail of his plan.  He respected Terzini’s genius.
As Eugene doused the lab, he paused and inhaled the noxious fumes.  One last task remained at hand. 
A portal lay ahead at the far end of the laboratory.  Eugene surveyed the space before approaching the entrance.  He hesitated a moment then opened the wooden door that separated the Terzini clone from the rest of the lab.  After removing his dark lenses, he crossed the threshold and stepped into the replica’s tiny living quarters.
Once inside, Eugene filled the room with his extraordinary size.  Furnished sparsely with a metal-framed cot and a three-drawer side table, the Terzini clone sat on the makeshift bed and looked up at Eugene. 
Eugene noticed how the clone did not react at the sight of him as others did.  Instead, he gave a lopsided grin.  Smiling, the bespectacled twin looked frail and childlike.  His slight build and smooth face gave him a serene and youthful appearance.
Eugene had been instructed to allow for the clone to burn to death in the fire.  Yet as he looked at the small figure in front of him, Eugene was overcome with confusion.  The face of the clone was that of his maker. 
Loyalty clouded his judgment.  Incinerating the Terzini clone seemed unwarranted.  He simply could not allow Terzini to perish in such a manner.  
Instead, Eugene seized the beaming mute’s face in his hand.  Pinching his nose and covering his mouth simultaneously, Eugene began to smother him.
The clone did not struggle or fight.  He accepted his fate and allowed life to escape him.
Eugene removed his hand from the duplicate’s face.  His lifeless form fell against the wall behind his cot.
Loyalty and mercy were not feelings Eugene was accustomed to having.  He became agitated. 
Circling the lab, he stalked equipment that enabled his creation.  Breathing heavily through bared teeth, his chest heaved and his mind flooded with thoughts of destruction.
Eugene began thrashing his balled fists.  He battered the equipment in the lab, hammering computer screens and monitors, anything that stood in his way. 
Rage coursed through his body.  
Trembling, he turned to face the far corner of the facility.  There stood the tank that served as a surrogate womb to genetically cloned embryos created by Dr. Franklin Terzini.  It was the very vessel that bore he and Gabriel and the Terzini clone.
The large tubular receptacle sustained the harvested eggs and donated sperm of unsuspecting women and men that would be modified by his maker.  It nourished and supported the accelerated growth of the manufactured humans.
Erupting, Eugene pounded the tank.  As he drummed on the steel walls, large indentations formed.  The metal buckled under the assault.  Frenzied, Eugene exhausted himself leaving in his wake a formerly cylindrical container U-shaped.
Sweating profusely and still panting through bared teeth, Eugene struck the first match.  The highly flammable chemicals ignited immediately.  The gases produced glowed in an array of colors, blue then blue-green, before assuming the light yellow-orange of typical fires. 
Dr. Terzini’s laboratory and his clone blazed.  Flames enveloped the destroyed computers, microscopes and centrifugal equipment before encircling the U-shaped development tank.
The fire raged as Eugene stepped out of the laboratory through a steel door.  The door opened to a narrow, concrete staircase that traversed ten feet of earth to the surface.  As Eugene exited, he did not bother replacing the large, white rectangular piece of plastic that concealed the entrance, blending it seamlessly into the vast snow-covered landscape.  Without its covering, the charcoal entryway was easily visible.  The Russians would certainly find the charred facility in search of Terzini and their money.  Eugene was confident they would locate everything they were intended to discover. 
Eugene, above ground and a safe distance from the underground facility, looked skyward.  Dark-gray clouds moved quickly, crowding out the white expanse, their tattered and ragged shapes assembled with haste, portended.  The wind did not stir, yet the great and grim billows advanced, threatened with moisture.  Snow would fall soon; Eugene could smell it in the air.  The snowfall would conceal his tracks but not the smoldering metal door.  It would stand out against the silvery terrain. 
Satisfied that his maker’s plan was executed, he replaced his dark lenses and walked toward his Hummer.  Once the evening grew darker, he would proceed to the docks in search of a vessel traveling to America.  Eugene would then reunite with his maker.
Chapter 9

Gabriel James sat at his desk in fifth period History and wondered what was happening to him.  Dr. Franklin Terzini had created him to not feel human emotions of any kind. 
He knew of their existence and was informed of their physical manifestations.  But sentiments were not part of his design.  He was well-versed in emotionality, its every nuance.  He could readily discern each sensation inherent in human beings and mimic it when necessary.  But he did not possess any of his own; until recently.
Gabriel recognized that genetic modifications made by Terzini endowed him with intelligence, strength, reflexes, agility and physical perfection unheard of in the general humanoid populace.  He also knew that he utilized a larger portion of his brain for higher cognitive functioning because the portions of his brain that would be engaged in regulating emotions had been disconnected. 
His maker had presented various materials aimed at generating an emotional response from him.  Music, literature of every genre, movies and religious material all offered opportunities for a response.  Yet, Gabriel remained detached, impassive.  He never produced a physiologic, physical or psychological response. 
Until several hours ago, Gabriel had been disengaged, emotionless.  Things had changed for him, quickly, unexpectedly.
Today, he had been roused more than once.  Feelings surged and swelled inside him without warning.  But this odd reaction only occurred when he was near Melissa Martin.
She intrigued him. 
But he knew that he had to abandon all thoughts of Melissa.  If his maker were to detect the slightest hint of emotion, he would be terminated, his existence deemed a failure.

***

Melissa sat in her fifth period chemistry class listening to Alexandra Georgopoulos, her lab partner, gush about the new student at Harbingers High School.
“He is so hot. I’m telling you, Gabriel James is even hotter than Kevin.” Alexandra said.
“He seems really nice, too.  We went for a walk together at lunch.”
Alexandra gave Melissa a furtive glance and leaned in.  “What?  Really!  You went for a walk with him and you’re just telling me about it now?  And just what happened during this walk, hmm?” Alexandra could not contain her excitement and arched one of her meticulously groomed eyebrows in expectation of juicy gossip.
“What?” Melissa asked distractedly as she dipped a piece of litmus paper into a green solution in a test tube.  The paper turned blue.  “Alex, write down that test tube A contains a basic solution.”
“Ah she won’t answer my question.  Something happened between you and Gabriel,” Alexandra teased.
“You’re horrible!  And what are you implying?  Nothing happened during our walk.  I mean, we walked and talked.  That’s it.”
Melissa watched as Alexandra brushed a hand through her shiny black hair.  Even with safety goggles on, she managed to look sensational.  Her rubber apron fit her like slinky lingerie, accentuating all her best assets. 
Anyone standing next to her could not help but feel inadequate.  Her perpetually sun-kissed skin, deep chocolate-hued eyes and generous curves made for a striking presentation.  Then, without apology, Alexandra produced a loud belch.  Surrounding students turned to gape at her.  Embarrassed, Melissa contemplated crawling under their workstation.  But her friend did not seem to share in her embarrassment. To the contrary, she appeared oblivious. 
Alexandra continued her interrogation.  “So you spent lunch with the hot new guy.  I hope this means that jackass Kevin is out of the picture for good.”  
“Actually, Kevin and I spoke just before lunch,” Melissa offered, “He wants me to go to the bonfire with him tonight. I told him I was going with you and Daniella and that I would talk to him for a few minutes if I saw him.”
“You cannot be serious.  After what happened last night?  Seriously?  You’re actually going to hang out with him again?”
“No!   No way!  I only said I’d talk to him to shut him up.  Gabriel was waiting for me.  I just wanted to get the hell away from him.”
“Good because after what happened, that asshole proved he’s nothing but a dog.”
“You won’t get an argument from me, Alex.  He is an asshole,” Melissa said and they both giggled.
They finished their lab assignment, laughing and chatting until the bell rang and ended fifth period chemistry.  They quickly cleaned up their workstation and submitted their findings to their teacher.  Both girls had a free period next.
“Hey let’s go see if Daniella will cut class and hang out with us,” Alexandra suggested mischievously.
“No way!  That girl is going to go to Harvard.  I know I don’t want to mess with that.”
“Ah, you’re no fun.”
Melissa and Alexandra walked down the corridor toward their lockers.  As Alexandra fumbled with the combination to hers, Melissa’s noticed someone waiting at her locker.  Gabriel James stood smiling at Melissa.
“Hey.  How’d you know this was my locker?” Melissa asked.
“I asked the girl with the curly blonde hair and blue eyes I saw you standing with this morning.  I think her name is Danielle or Daniella.”
“Daniella,” Melissa corrected.  “She’s been my best friend since kindergarten.”
“Cool.  She was very nice and very helpful.”
Alexandra, who had been watching from her locker, approached.  She brushed her raven locks out of her face and over her shoulder turning her head ever so slightly.  Melissa marveled at how her friend managed to make an ordinary gesture such as removing hair from her face sensual.  She had applied a fresh coat of lip gloss and, standing with her back arched more than usual and her lips slightly pursed she looked as though she were ready for a photo shoot for a men’s magazine.
Melissa was relieved that Gabriel made no attempt to gawk at Alexandra with mouth agape as all other men did. Instead, he seemed oblivious of her.  His focus remained on her.
“I’m glad,” Melissa continued. “What’s up?”
Alexandra cleared her throat.
“Oh, sorry. This is Alexandra Georgopoulos, my other best friend since kindergarten,” Melissa said.
“Nice to meet you,” Gabriel said barely looking at Alexandra.
“Likewise,” Alexandra replied slightly irritated.
“Anyway, Melissa, I heard that there is this bonfire tonight and a party afterward. Are you going?”
“Umm, yeah, I am going. I mean, I’m going with Alex and Daniella.  I’m supposed to meet someone after, you know, at the party, but I’ve changed my mind.  I’m going to go for a little bit and head home.” 
“Oh.  Well, I’m going to the bonfire too,” he began.  “I was hoping we could go together, you know hang out for a while.  But I don’t want to ruin your plans with your friends.  I’ll just see you there.  You can give me all the goods on everyone another time.” 
Alexandra spoke next.  “We can all hang out at the bonfire.  That’s not a problem for me.  I’m sure Daniella won’t mind either.”
Melissa and Alexandra exchanged a quick glance.
“Yeah, that sounds like good idea,” Melissa agreed.  “Why don’t we do that?” 
“Great I’ll see you there,” Gabriel said to just Melissa.
As Gabriel walked away, Melissa felt excitement bubbling despite her many self-doubts.  Every cell within her buzzed and hummed.  But pure excitement was replaced by negative self-talk.  She watched Alexandra. Her best friend looked as if she were about to burst as she waited for Gabriel to walk far enough away for her to begin gushing.  And she did not try to conceal that she enjoyed watching him stride away as much as she enjoyed watching him approach.
“Hello! Earth to Alexandra!” Melissa began.
Completely enthralled by his backside, Alexandra was oblivious of her friend’s words.  Instead, she shook her head and muttered to herself, “That boy is just too damn fine.”
After Gabriel was far down the hall and about to round the corner, safely out of earshot, Alexandra turned to Melissa.  Wide eyed and expressive, she said, “Holy shit! He is so into you.”  
“Oh, you’re back,” Melissa chided.
“Huh?” Alexandra asked genuinely confused.
“Never mind,” Melissa giggled.
“He’s hot for you,” Alexandra said confidently.
“No, he’s not.  I’m the only person he knows here,” Melissa reasoned.  “He’ll probably ditch me once he hooks up with his own kind at the party.” 
Melissa shifted uncomfortably. 
“His own kind; what the hell are you talking about?”
“You know, guys and girls that he belongs with; the ‘in’ crowd, jocks and cheerleaders.”
“Excuse me.  You are his kind.  You’re beautiful and sweet and smart and funny. That is everybody’s kind.  And, furthermore, you don’t even know that he’s a jock,” Alexandra contended.
“Come on Alex, with that body.  How could he not be?” Melissa countered.
“Good point.  But still.  He seems into you.  Go with it.  Wear that blue shirt of yours.  You know, the one that brings out your eyes, and your good ass jeans.  You got to bring you’re A game tonight, girlfriend.”
Melissa walked with Alexandra the remainder of the locker-lined hallway past the door to the gymnasium and out to the rear parking lot.  She could not wait until the end of sixth period to tell Daniella everything that had happened.
 
Chapter 10

Gabriel could not recount the drive from Harbingers High School to the old Victorian house he lived in.  Instead, as he drove, his mind swirled and spun with thoughts of Melissa Martin.  Her face continuously appeared in his mind’s eye, her shy smile, her pale green eyes, her full lips that curved to form a perfect bow. 
He tried numerous times, unsuccessfully, to focus on guiding his hunter-green Ford Explorer along the winding roads of Harbingers Falls, yet his mind continually returned to Melissa.  He envisioned them together at the bonfire as ambient light reflected from the flames illuminated Melissa’s exquisite features.  He daydreamed she would focus her attention on him.  The more he visualized himself with her, the more his insides stirred.
Stirrings would not be something his creator, Dr. Terzini, would take lightly.  Gabriel knew he was designed without human emotions, had embraced the idea; until now.  He wrestled with strange and unfamiliar reactions that could only be identified as feelings.  If Terzini were made aware of Gabriel’s recent responses, he would be considered a failed experiment.  Failed experiments were unacceptable to his maker.  He would be destroyed.  And he would never see Melissa again.
The thought of not seeing Melissa again made Gabriel’s heart rate race. He needed to convince Terzini to allow him to go to the bonfire.
As he approached the long, gravel-filled driveway, his residence came into view.  The house, constructed with cream colored brick and trimmed in forest green, was a Victorian Gothic-style structure. It boasted materials of different colors and textures, carvings in a foliated pattern and pointed arch windows and doors.  An expansive deck occupied the front of the house and wrapped around to the rear of the structure.  The overall appearance of the house was stately, impressive.  
A knot formed Gabriel’s stomach as he pulled up to the three-car garage. 
Certain that Terzini was in his laboratory, the task of obtaining permission to attend the bonfire remained.  Gabriel would cite that it was imperative for him to attend to further develop his social skills.  He would argue that it was a necessary annual rite; that such a convention was socially obligatory for him to meld seamlessly with the student populace.
Gabriel did need to attend the bonfire, but for reasons that did not involve his maker.  The primary reason was to be close to Melissa.  He could not aptly articulate the impact she’d had on him.  He could not describe the intensity of emotions that had manifested themselves, emotions he was unaware he could possess before meeting Melissa. 
It was vital that he be present at the bonfire for an additional reason that concerned Melissa.  Kevin Anderson, the blond student at Harbingers High who’d spoken of her depreciatingly, made plain his intentions with her, worried Gabriel.  He intended to separate Melissa from her friends and have sexual intercourse with her.  Kevin viewed it as a conquest, an acquisition that he could mark with his friends.
As he recounted Kevin’s degrading remarks, he felt an unprecedented rise of anger inside.  
Gabriel struggled to push the thought of Kevin Anderson from his mind.  Such considerations infuriated him.  He was unprepared to bear such emotions, let alone cope with them.  Prior to meeting Melissa, anger–or any type of sentiment for that matter–had been a remote emotion he’d read about and seen on his educational downloads; he had seen it represented by actors in movies and on television but had never truly been exposed to it, much less experienced it.  But after encountering Melissa Martin, a range of sensations presented themselves.  Though perplexing, the reactions were surprisingly easy to accept.  Some were even pleasant; except the anger.
The necessity was clear. He needed to be at the bonfire.  He would do whatever was necessary to get permission from Dr. Terzini to attend. 
Composing himself, Gabriel exited his SUV and the garage before walking toward the underground bomb shelter.
He moved resolutely to an unremarkable patch of grass among the rest of the sprawling, well-manicured lawn.  Then, using his foot, he lifted a rectangular area of sod to reveal a steel door laying flush against the earth.  Using a key from his key ring, Gabriel unlocked the door.  With a soft whoosh, the lock released.
Prior to their relocation, Terzini had replaced a rickety wooden door with a vault door that opened silently.  The original shelter was gutted and refurbished.  Thick concrete walls lined the expansive, updated refuge.  The ceilings were seven feet tall and the entire facility measured approximately thirty-six-hundred square feet.  It retained inlets that supported electricity, telephone and high-speed Internet connection and cable television.  Turbine vents circulated fresh air throughout and each vent was equipped with an insect screen.  Fluorescent light fixtures lined the ceiling and illuminated the lab.  Computers of varying sizes lay flush against perimeter walls while stainless-steel tables cluttered with electron microscopes, flasks, test tubes, beakers, petri dishes and centrifugal equipment ornamented the interior of the main room.  The entire space rivaled any fully operational, state-of-the-art laboratory.  Any university in the country would have salivated at the chance to have one like it.  But this laboratory was not up for auction.  It belonged to his maker, Dr. Franklin Terzini.
Gabriel spotted Dr. Terzini hunched in front of a microscope in the far corner of the room.
Terzini, was a smallish man.  His face was rumpled and perpetually frowning, creased and lined from countless hours spent squinting into various magnification instruments.  Atop his puckered face sat a mop of meticulously coiffed, ink-black hair.  The harshness of the concentrated darkness perched on his crown offered a strong contrast to his pasty, ashen skin.  Small, sunken eyes the color of coal resided behind wire-rimmed glasses balanced on his aquiline nose. 
“Dr. Terzini?”
Without looking away from his project, Dr. Terzini responded icily.  “Hello, Gabriel,” he said.  “Did school provide sufficient academic stimulation?”
“Yes sir.”
“That’s hard to imagine, considering the sad state of the American educational system.  But if you say so.”
“Sir, there is an event scheduled on campus this evening.  I believe it will enhance my understanding of adolescent functioning, that attendance would benefit your mission.”
“What is this event, Gabriel?”
“It is a bonfire.”
Dr. Terzini looked up from his magnification apparatus.  “A bonfire?” he asked disdainfully.  “What skills could you possibly acquire from congregating around and staring at burning rubbish?”
“Sir, the students attend.  They gather and interact socially.  It could yield invaluable information.”
“Invaluable information,” Terzini taunted.
“Yes sir.”
“The invaluable information you have acquired has been provided by me,” Terzini began.  “You possess superior DNA and have received superior schooling designed to augment your worthier genes.  You are to mimic their behavior only when necessary, to mirror them to keep attention off us.  Do not forget that, Gabriel.”
“Yes sir,” Gabriel said evenly, but struggled to remain poised.  He continued, “It is my thinking that I will be provided with a better vantage point to observe the students when they are in a relaxed, social setting as opposed to an academic environment.  I can hone my skills and pick up on subtleties without drawing attention to myself.  A less structured situation, such as this bonfire, will provide me with a unique learning opportunity.”
“I will not grant you permission to waste our time.  Your observations will be made at school as per my instructions,” his maker stated impassively.
“But sir, this could be a very useful opportunity for me to,” he began but was interrupted.
“Are my words somehow lacking clarity, Gabriel?”  Dr. Terzini enunciated each word with emphasis. 
“Sir, I just thought it could be beneficial,” he tried again and was cut off a second time.
Dr. Terzini’s frustration had mounted noticeably when he interrupted Gabriel this time.  His small clenched fists rapped the desk to punctuate each word as he spoke.  No longer bearing the aloof demeanor he possessed earlier, Terzini spat, “You are my creation!  You will be where I tell you to be!  You will not go to this or any other extracurricular activities of any sort!  I forbid you.”
“Sir, I’m,” Gabriel attempted.
Regaining his composure, Dr. Terzini interrupted him a final time and ended further discussion by coolly stating, “We will not speak further about this matter.”
Gabriel stood in silence as Terzini turned his back and resumed his experimentation.  Dr. Terzini had forbid him from going to the bonfire.
He had never disobeyed his maker’s orders.  Such an idea had never occurred to him.  Now, however, he contemplated leaving despite the instructions given to him. 
Dr. Franklin Terzini did not live in the old Victorian with Gabriel. Instead, he lived in his underground lab. Gabriel could easily leave the grounds and go to the bonfire without Terzini ever knowing.
Gabriel grappled with the idea of disobedience.  He considered what punishment would be issued for such an infraction.  Insubordination was unfamiliar, dangerous.  He knew of the wrath handed down to those who crossed his maker.  He was confronted with a choice: follow his newfound feelings, or comply with his maker’s orders. 
After leaving the underground laboratory, Gabriel replaced the rectangular patch of grass to its previous resting place and entered the main house.  Uninterested in eating dinner, he retired to his room to think.  Everything he was experiencing was strange and perplexing.  The order of life as he’d known it no longer existed.  His head swam with confusion.  Disobeying Terzini was unheard of.  He wondered whether he was capable of such a deed.
Yet in his head, Melissa’s face remained as fixed as the constellations adorning the night sky.  She would need him, of that he was certain.  Kevin Anderson had plans that did not coincide with Melissa’s. And Kevin did not seem as if he was used to hearing the word “no” very often.  Rejection from Melissa could catapult him into a tailspin.  Whatever the circumstances, Gabriel felt the need to protect her.  
Hours passed as Gabriel contended with disobeying Dr. Terzini.
As time passed, the answer became clear.  He would go to her. 
Compelled by a certainty he had never felt before, Gabriel knew what he must do.

Chapter 11

Melissa walked back and forth about her bedroom anxiously.  The bonfire was less than an hour away.  She was looking forward to seeing Gabriel there, couldn’t wait, in fact.  Anticipation had kept her daydreaming about him during many of her classes.  She’d imagined him with her at the bonfire, focusing all of his attention on her, holding her hand, kissing her.  She’d wondered often that day what his lips would feel like against hers, how they would taste, and wondered still.  She wanted to believe that he might actually be interested in her, that what her friends had said was true.  But inevitably, self-doubt crept in.  She worried she was getting her hopes up for nothing.  And then there was Kevin.  Kevin presented a possible problem for her evening with Gabriel.  She had promised him some of her time after the bonfire.  But she knew that a lot of drinking took place both before and after it.  Kevin was belligerent in general.  Popularity and privilege had fostered it.  But when he drank, his personality worsened.  If she were to snub him in favor of Gabriel, she worried how aggressive his response would be.  Especially since Kevin was much bigger than Gabriel.  If he started a fight with Gabriel, she would never forgive herself.  She started to think that going wasn’t such a good idea.  She crossed her room to her phone and was about to call Daniella and cancel when the doorbell startled her.  She glanced at her alarm clock and realized that it was likely Daniella at her door, that she’d spent longer than she’d thought worrying and that canceling was no longer an option.
She left her room and dashed down the steep staircase.  She opened the door and saw that Daniella waited beyond it.
“Hey Daniella,” she said.  “You look great!”
And her friend did look great.  Wearing her favorite red sweater and impeccably tailored jeans, Daniella was radiant.  She smiled brightly at the compliment.
“Thanks!” Daneilla said cheerfully.  “I’m so excited about tonight!  But you, you must be freaking out!  What are you going to wear?”
“I have no idea, which is not exactly helping with the freaking out as you can imagine.  I couldn’t eat.  I’m starving, but the thought of eating makes me nauseous.  Ugh! I’m a mess!”
“Well, that’s why I’m here, and Alex.  By the way, where is Alex?”
“Who knows?  You know her.  She’s always late.  She’ll be here.”
“We’re here to help was my point, but since there is no we, just me, then I’m here to help,” Daniella said and she followed Melissa upstairs.  “I hear the band is supposed to be good this year.”
“Yeah, I heard that, too.  I’m really excited.”
“You should be! I know I’d be.  Just picture it: you, Gabriel, the romantic lighting of the bonfire.  It’s perfect!”
“I’d love to believe that.  In fact, it’s all I imagined all day.  But the reality is, he’ll probably show up, say hi to me and bail.”
“What? Why would you say that?” Daniella asked with a shocked expression.
“Come on, really?  I mean, you have eyes don’t you?  Look at him and look at me.  We don’t exactly match up, you know?”
“No.  I don’t know.  Look Melissa, you’re beautiful.  Everyone sees it but you.  And he likes you!  If he didn’t, he wouldn’t have asked you to the bonfire in the first place, right?”
“I don’t know,” she hesitated.
“Well I do!” Daniella said sharply.  “So stop it with the ‘he’s too good looking’ crap, got it?”
“Whoa, calm down there Daniella.  Crap?  Really?  That’s some tough talk there,” Melissa joked.
“What can I say?  I’m not exactly Alex in the swear department!”
“No, you’re not.  And I’m glad,” Melissa said and the doorbell rang again.  “Speak of the devil.  Let me go get the door.”
Melissa went back downstairs and opened the front door.  Alexandra stood, framed by the doorway, and looked like a model that had fallen from the pages of a magazine and onto her doorstep.  Clad from head to toe in black form-fitting clothes, she looked stunning.
“Wow Alex.  You look amazing,” Melissa said.
“Thanks, but can I use your bathroom. I have to take a mean dump,” Alexandra announced.
And with those words, the spell was broken.
“Sure. Umm, go right upstairs,” Melissa muttered.
“Great. I hope you have matches in there.”
Alexandra climbed the staircase slightly hunched and clutching her stomach. 
From Melissa’s bedroom, Daniella called out to Alexandra, “Hello to you, too, Alex,” just as the bathroom door slammed shut.
“Nature is calling pretty loudly. My guess is she had Mexican fast food after school again,” Melissa offered.
“God help me, she’s sleeping at my house tonight,” Daniella fretted aloud.
Melissa laughed so hard her eyes began to tear.
After several flushes, Alexandra emerged from the upstairs bathroom looking relieved.
“Oh my Lord, if I ever say I’m getting drive-thru Mexican food again, shoot me!” she proclaimed.
Pinching her nose between her thumb and index finger, Daniella said, “You may want to go light another match or something.” 
“Shut up, bitch,” Alexandra answered playfully and plopped down onto Melissa’s lavender-swathed bed.
“So we’re here to help.  Put us to work,” Daniella said.
“I guess I need an outfit first,” Melissa began.
“I’ll cover that,” Alexandra interrupted.  “Just pick something tight, something that hugs your curves.”
“That’s easy for you to say. You actually have curves,” Melissa replied and looked down at her small chest.
“Well, then your ass, you have an ass, so play it up!”
“Again, not much there either.”
“What do you want me to tell you?  You’re a boy with no curves to play up?”
“Why are you being like that?” Daniella asked.  “You know she’s nervous and not in the mood for you brand of, I don’t even know what you call it, humor?”
“Don’t lecture me! I’m trying to loosen her up!  She knows she’s not a boy and what she lacks in boobs she makes up for in other ways.  She has a small ass, but it’s a great ass, am I right?”
“God Alex!”
“What?  Her boobs are fine too.  Guys just need a little something to grab hold of.  She’s fine.”
Melissa stepped into her closed and considered shutting the door to muffle the sound of her friends bickering.  She did not.  Instead, she called out to them, “Please stop discussing my boobs and my butt!”  They both apologized like scolded children and turned their conversation to the band playing at the bonfire.  With more gentle talk at hand, Melissa came out of her closet and glimpsed her reflection in the mirror.  As it turned out, nothing Alexandra had said was untrue.  At five-foot-five inches tall and one hundred pounds, Melissa was by no means curvy.  She was the opposite of curvy really.  Her arms and legs were long and thin.  Her hips were slim but her waist was slimmer.  She did have a figure, just a slight one.  Many cautioned her to enjoy her stick-thin body as they called it, that it was a genetic gift.  But Melissa sometimes wished to be fuller-figured, particularly on nights like this one.  Being around Alexandra did not help matters either.  Although she never felt jealous of her amply endowed friend, it was hard not to notice the attention she commanded from men of every age.  Her voluptuousness had universal appeal.  And while Melissa did not categorize herself as ugly by any means, she merely yearned at times to fill her clothes out a bit more.  She returned to her closet and picked an outfit that suited her small shape, one she felt comfortable and confident in then looked in the mirror again.
Her blue, long-sleeved T-shirt clung to what little curves she had.  Rather than focusing on what she lacked, however, she chose to focus on her attributes, how the blue of her top reflected in her eyes giving them a teal hue, how her long hair cooperated fully, and fell in golden-brown waves down her back. She was not entirely displeased with her reflection and began to feel slightly less nervous.  She even began to feel buoyed by possibility, by hope. 
She strode away from the mirror to her bureau and selected a cosmetic in a long slender tube.  She opened it and quickly applied a coat of the blush-colored gloss to her lips before spritzing herself with her favorite body mist.  
“Yeah baby! Shake that ass!” Alexandra said and sat up and slapped Melissa on her backside.  “Look Daniella, she’s rocking her good ass jeans.”
“And she should.  Tonight is a special night.  She’s going to get rid of Kevin and reel in Gabriel,” Daniella added.
“I was just starting to calm down a bit, but thanks for reminding me about the whole Kevin thing,” Melissa said sarcastically.
“Oh God! I’m so sorry.  I didn’t mean anything by it,” Daniella apologized.  “I just wanted to join in, and the whole Gabriel thing is so exciting.  I’m sorry.”
“You don’t have to apologize.  The Kevin thing is my fault.  I should have just told him no in the first place, but I don’t know what happened.  I froze I guess.  I didn’t think for a second that Gabriel was into me; I’d just met him.  And Kevin did the whole persistent thing,” Melissa agonized and raked a hand through her hair.
“You don’t have to explain.  We get it,” Alexandra said.  “Kevin is a dick and doesn’t take no for an answer.”
“Uh, yeah, that pretty much sums it up.”
“And you thought Gabriel would never be into you because you’re an idiot,” she continued.  
“Wow, Alex.  That was a fine forensic analysis.  Really,” Daniella joked.
“A what?” Alexandra asked confusedly.
“Never mind,” Daniella replied.  “We’ve got to go.  Are you guys ready?”
“We are.  Are you?” Alexandra asked.
“I hope so,” Melissa said and shut the light and door to her room.
She walked down the steps with her friends behind her at stopped at the door to say good-bye to her father.
Daniella was the designated driver and helmed her peppy, silver Toyota Prius. Their drive was short and energized by upbeat music and lively chatter.  She had almost relaxed completely when they turned in to the driveway of Harbingers High School.  As they navigated the paved path and approached the rear parking lot, the smell of burning timber infused the crisp autumn air, and her stomach began to quaver.
The bonfire, responsible for the aromatic scent, was an annual homecoming tradition at their high school, and tonight, would be the backdrop for what she hoped would be a romantic evening with Gabriel. Daniella parked and they all walked toward the back of the school.
In a grassy clearing between two separate wings of the school that met and formed an L shape, wooden pallets had been gathered and piled high, then ignited.  Off to the left of the blaze, Sorrowful Rejects, a local band comprised of five high school students in various states of disarray, strummed, plucked and banged away at their instruments while the lead singer crooned angst-riddled lyrics.  Groups of admirers had congregated and bobbed their heads to the rhythmic beat.
The local fire department and several officers from the Harbingers Police Department were stationed on the campus to deter alcohol-induced injuries. 
Melissa scanned the crowd for Gabriel.  She did not see him.  Alexandra and Daniella ushered her toward a spot closer to the bonfire.  Each student appeared mesmerized by the bonfire.  Melissa was unsure to whom the accolades belonged, whether it was the atmospheric conditions or the way the wooden pallets had been arranged by the fire department, but the fire staged a more theatrical presentation than in previous years. She looked on as it spawned tornadoes of smoke. 
She stared in amazement as pillars of spinning clouds, small and large, emerged.  They started on the ground and began their rolling, whirling dance before disappearing into the night sky.  
The bonfire was breathtaking.  Yet despite the awe-inspiring spectacle, something or someone, rather, was missing.  Alternating between scanning the crowd and glancing at her watch, Melissa eagerly awaited Gabriel’s arrival.
An hour passed, then another, and then thirty more minutes.  Still, Gabriel had not arrived.
The longer Melissa waited, the more completely her hopes were dashed, until finally she concluded that Gabriel must have come to his senses and realized she was simply not good enough for him.
Dejected, she decided that two and a half hours was long enough to wait for him and told Daniella and Alexandra she wanted to leave.  Her friends agreed that it was time to go. 
As they were leaving, Kevin was arriving.
He strode confidently toward the girls. His broad, cocky smile displayed his over-bleached teeth.
“Ladies, ladies, what’s the hurry?  You guys aren’t leaving now, are you?” Kevin asked.  “The real party is after this lame, campfire stupidity is over. Melissa, we’re supposed to hang tonight, remember?  Me and the guys already set up the keg in the woods.”
“Yeah, about that, umm, my head is killing me.  It must be a migraine or something,” Melissa lied hoping to make a swift, uncomplicated exit.
“Hey, I think I have some Tylenol in my car.  If not, I’m sure one of the firefighter dudes has a first-aid kit with something that will help.
“Uh, no thanks.  I’m just going to go home and sleep.”
“Come on, I thought we were gonna hang tonight,” Kevin whined.  “Just stay for an hour.  How about that?  I’ll get you some Tylenol.  Take one or two and we can hang out.” 
“You can’t be fucking serious after last time!”  Alexandra began, but Melissa shot her a look.  
She had no desire whatsoever to spend time with Kevin.  The thought, in fact, made her head begin to ache for real.  But it couldn’t hurt to hang around a while longer.  Gabriel might show up after all.  And she wouldn’t look pathetic if she were talking with a group of people rather than just waiting around with her two best friends.  
After exchanging a number of furtive glances with her friends and receiving the crystal-clear message indicated by Alexandra’s erected middle finger behind Kevin’s back, Melissa decided that an additional hour of her time would not kill her. 
“Fine, Alex and Daniella and I will stay for an hour.  But that’s it,” Melissa said firmly.
Much to their annoyance and with protests that ranged from eye-rolling to obscene utterances expressed exclusively by Alexandra, Melissa’s friends agreed to stay with her, acting as chaperones.
“Great. I’m so glad.  Let me go get a couple of Tylenols for you, okay.”
“Sure.”

***

Kevin strutted away in search of analgesics for Melissa.  Though it was a crucial element of his charade, he was nauseated to accommodate her needs.  After all, he was way out of her league.  Melissa was cute, a little skinny and flat-chested, but cute.  But he believed himself deserving of a girl who more closely mirrored his own level of attractiveness. 
As he trudged along past masses of mediocre girls, he noticed how all of them looked at him approvingly, adoringly.  He wondered how the hell an average looking girl like Melissa had had the nerve to reject him. She should have considered herself lucky to have been with him.  Any other girl in the school would have been thrilled to be in her place, they would not have turned him down.  Her prissy little virginal act was infuriating, but also enticing.  He loved a challenge.  And since she was loath to give it away willingly, he would help her along pharmaceutically.  He kept a prescription bottle with several Vicodin inside in his car; a couple of them along with a few beers and Melissa would be far more cooperative. 
He smiled to himself, knew that the dimple in his cheek deepened as he did so and how much those around him loved his smile.  He continued working his way through the throngs of dazzled onlookers and strutted away from the crowd.  Near the edge of the grassy area, he spotted his friends, John DeNardi, Eric Sala and Chris Mace.
John spoke first.  “What’s up man?  Where’s the princess?”
“I left her back by the bonfire with her babysitters.  I’m getting the royal virgin a little something for her headache.”
“She better make your head ache later!  Know what I’m sayin’!”  Eric joked.
“You know it, man!”  Chris chimed in, high-fiving his friends.
“Tonight’s the night.  No more of her cock-tease bullshit,” Kevin declared.
“You wanna guarantee payment, just slip her a Vicodin or two chased with a beer and she’ll have her panties down like all the others did,” Chris added.
“That’s the plan, my brother!  I’ll see you guys in a little while.  I gotta get the bitch something for her pain.  I’m gonna run to my car and serve her up some real pain relief.”
“Take care of business, man.  Take care of business,” Eric said, punctuating the word business with a joint fist pound with Kevin Anderson.
Kevin jogged to the rear parking lot to retrieve a pair of small white pills from an orange prescription bottle in his glove compartment before jogging back to Melissa smiling and displaying his trademark indentation in his right cheek.
***

Melissa looked up just in time to see Kevin returning.
“Here’s your Tylenol,” he said, extending a hand that held two pills toward her.
She accepted the medicine despite the fact that she did not, in fact, have a migraine headache or any other pain that a pill could cure.  But before she put them in her mouth, she inspected the oval-shaped tablets.  They did not resemble the ones she kept in her medicine cabinet. 
“They look funny.  I mean, don’t they usually have one red end and one blue end and the word ‘Tylenol’ written in the center?”
“Oh, yeah, all they had in the first-aid box was the generic stuff.  Sorry.  They told me it works just as well,” Kevin lied before adding, “Oh damn. I didn’t grab you a water bottle.  You’ll have to just wait to take it at the kegger.”
“Fine.  Whatever.”
Three hours into the annual bonfire at Harbingers High School, the fire waned and students began to disperse.  As the crowd grew smaller and smaller, Melissa and her friends decided to leave. 
Kevin informed Melissa, Alexandra and Daniella he would meet them behind the school at the entrance to the woods.  Beyond the entrance was a trail leading to where the party was set.  Normally, the trail would be tricky to navigate, but Daniella came equipped with a small flashlight.
Alexandra and Daniella walked ahead of Melissa and Kevin.  He tried to take her hand in his. Melissa, uninterested in any type of advances, subtly rebuffed his gesture by putting her hands in her pockets feigning to search for a pair of gloves.
After walking along the footpath and arriving at the clearing, she and her friends found a large boulder to sit on.  Kevin went to one of the kegs to get them each a beer.
“Ladies, your drinks are served,” Kevin quipped pretending to be a butler tending to his employers.
“I’m driving. None for me,” Daniella told him.
“Are you fucking kidding me?  If I come home with this shit on my breath, my father will kill me.  And then my brothers will kick your sorry ass,” Alexandra crudely affirmed. 
“Suit yourself,” Kevin replied, handing a plastic cup filled with beer to Melissa.  “More for us, then.  Oh, Melissa, here’s you bargain-brand Tylenol.”
To placate Kevin and maintain the charade, Melissa accepted the pills and swallowed them with a swig of beer. 
The clearing quickly filled with students.  All held tall, red plastic cups that they had forfeited seven dollars apiece for so that they could visit the kegs an unlimited number of times. Each partygoer drank quickly to achieve intoxication as quickly as possible.  The threat of patrol cars with their sweeping spotlights loomed ceaselessly, lending the gathering an air of urgency.
Melissa had barely finished her first beer when Kevin, beaming, arrived with another.
The alcohol was affecting her more than normal, going straight to her head.  Without warning, she felt lightheaded and loopy.  Her surroundings took on a fuzzy, indistinct quality.  Muffled voices faded in and out.
Kevin spoke to her and his voice sounded as if it were echoing from the end of a long tunnel. “Wanna take a walk?” he asked.
“Are you crazy?  I’m not going anywhere with you,” Melissa laughed loudly and felt less inhibited than she’d ever felt before.
The large smile he’d been wearing sagged.  He looked over both his shoulders, checking to see if anyone had heard her.  When he looked back to her, his eyes had hardened.  “That’s cool, whatever.  No walk,” he said tightly.  “I’ll catch you later.”
Kevin walked over to a group of girls and began chatting with them.
“Holy shit!  That was fucking awesome!”  Alexandra gripped her elbow and gave a hearty shake, “I never thought I’d see the day when you’d grow a pair, but damn girl!  You shot his arrogant ass down!”
Melissa wanted to tell Alexandra how she was feeling, that her inhibitions had melted away, and had apparently taken her ability to think straight with it.  She wondered why the beer was hitting her harder than normal.  Perhaps if her nerves would have allowed her to eat a bigger dinner, she wouldn’t have felt as loopy as she currently did.  Earlier, she’d been excited about seeing Gabriel, too excited to eat.
Gabriel, she thought.  He could be looking for her right now.  
“I’m going to go back to the bonfire to see if Gabriel is there,” she surprised herself by announcing in a voice far clearer than she felt.  
“We’ll go with you,” Alexandra offered.
“Yeah, we’ll come,” Daniella said.
“No, no, you guys stay in case he comes straight here,” she said.  
“I don’t want you walking through the woods by yourself,” Daniella worried.
“Don’t be such a worrywart!” Melissa smiled.  “It’s just down that path,” she pointed toward a narrow clearing.  And there are people everywhere.”
Daniella knit her brow concernedly and slid Alexandra a glance.  Alexandra shrugged.  
“All right, just be careful and come right back, okay?” Daniella hesitated.
Melissa saluted her and said, “Yes, ma’am,” then she headed toward the path.
She began walking through the woods along what she thought was the path.  Voices of party-goers began to fade and the canopy of trees above her seemed to hover lower than before.  She turned, looked behind her and realized nothing looked familiar.  Brush pulled at her ankles where it hadn’t on the way in.  She narrowed her eyes, squinting against the deepening darkness, to get her bearings, but could not.  Everything had assumed a fuzzy, muddled quality.  Her heart began to race frantically.  She wondered what was happening to her, why everything looked blurry, how she’d gotten herself turned around on a path she knew well.  Beer had never affected her as it appeared to be now.  A voice sounded from behind her and her heart made a mad leap to her throat.
“Hey, if you wanted to get me alone, all you had to do was say so,” Kevin’s voice said nearby.  “You don’t have to play these games, you know, making me follow you and all.  I saw that look you gave me before you walked off.”
“I didn’t give you a look.  I didn’t even look at you,” Melissa snapped.
“I said enough with the games, Melissa.  You know you want me.  Stop with the tease routine.”
Melissa spun to face him, to shout every curse word she could think of, but felt the world tilt violently.  She stumbled, the woods suddenly spiraling.
“Whoa,” she said and shot both arms out to her side to grip something, anything.  “I think I need to sit.”
Kevin rushed to her side and grabbed her waist.  She supposed she should have felt grateful for him being there to help, but she did not.  Her skin crawled at his touch.  A strange feeling, a warning, whispered through her and made her shiver. 
“Let me hold you.  You’re shivering,” Kevin said embracing her as he seated her atop a moss-covered fallen tree.
But quickly, his embrace progressed to something else entirely, something unwelcome.  He began kissing her neck, tightening his hold on her.  Melissa, despite feeling inexplicably hazy, stiffened.  
“Hey!  What the hell are you doing?” she protested.
He did not respond.  Instead, his lips moved from her neck to her mouth.  
“Stop it!” she said and tried to shove him, but her arms felt as if they were moving in slow motion.
He continued to kiss her, but she did not kiss him back.  He persisted, his lips flattening hers, suppressing her ability to speak.  
Melissa panicked.  Her arms and legs were uncooperative.  Her responses were sluggish.  She felt as if she were moving against a current of water.  She fought against it, and after a lot of effort, managed to bring her arms between their bodies.  She tried to push him off of her with the heels of her hands, but her effort was ineffective.  He did not let go.  Rather, he moved his hand up under her shirt and under her bra.  Anger replaced her wooziness and she tried to fight, to resist him.  She struggled and pushed harder with her hands to unpin herself, but to no avail.  Kevin leaned on her with all of his weight, slammed her back against the felled tree and positioned himself on top of her.
With her heart slapping against her ribcage, Melissa turned her head and tried to scream, but Kevin covered her mouth with his.  She shoved at him, tried to force his body back and off hers.  But he did not budge.  Her attempts to free herself proved fruitless.  Tears singed her cheeks as the gravity of what was happening became clear. 
In the distance Melissa thought she heard Daniella and Alexandra faintly calling her name.
Flooded with terror and adrenaline, her mind reeled.  Scattered thoughts failed to present a defined escape, but she knew she needed to keep fighting.  She writhed and twisted and turned her head from side to side. Screams escaped each time she turned, but all he did was grope at her more aggressively. 
She thrashed and wriggled, fought him as best she could with limbs that refused to help, and brought one hand from between their bodies.  She clawed at his face, hoped to gouge an eye, but missed.  Her effort did distract him long enough for her to free one leg and bring her knee up between his legs.  She thrust it as hard as she could and landed it squarely against his crotch.
Kevin released her immediately then cursed and fell to the ground clutching his groin.  She paused as a wave of dizziness and nausea washed over her.  She steadied herself and attempted to run but was halted as Kevin seized her ankle.  She fell to the ground on her hands and knees. 
He dragged her back toward him before rolling her over and slapping her across her cheek.  The blow stung, disoriented her into temporary silence and submission.  Her face throbbed. 
“You little bitch!” he spat. 
Melissa regrouped quickly from the unexpected strike.  Instinct compelled her to continue fighting.  She flailed and scratched once again, this time marking Kevin’s face with a bloody scrape.  His hands immediately went to the area just below his right eye, felt where her fingernails had broken the thin skin and pulled them back to inspect them.  He screwed up his features in anguish at the wet and reddened fingertips he retrieved.  Melissa saw Kevin’s preoccupation with his injury and attempted to seize the opportunity.  She twisted more forcefully, resisted his weight atop her and struggled and fought as hard as she could.  But her exertion was useless.  He outweighed her by more than a hundred pounds. 
Seeing his blood, Kevin flew into a fit of rage.  A flash of what she could only describe as hatred flickered in his eyes before he raised his hand to her again.  From high above his head, he brought the back of his hand crashing down against her face.  A blast of white-hot pain exploded from her cheek and her ear rang deafeningly.  Over the incessant ring in her eardrum and the intense pain emanating from her cheek, she heard Kevin shout at her. 
“No more of your fucking games!” he screamed spraying spittle at her as he began tearing at her jeans unbuttoning them. “I will not be dicked around anymore. This can go one of two ways. You can let it happen or things will have to get rough!”

***

Gabriel arrived at Harbingers High School just as the annual bonfire was ending.  The crowd had thinned to a small group of stragglers surrounding a smoking heap of scorched wood. 
He quickly scanned the faces of those who remained and approached a small group of girls to ask where everyone had gone.  They told him that most of students that had attended the bonfire had gone to the wooded area behind the school’s rear parking lot for a keg party.  The girls even escorted him along the footpath that led to a clearing in the woods where the gathering was being held.
After thanking them for their help, he moved through clusters of drunken classmates.  He examined every person he passed.  He spotted Alexandra and Daniella at the edge of the clearing.  They seemed to be gazing off into the darkened woodlands.  Melissa was not among the party-goers.  Neither was Kevin Anderson. 
An immediate feeling compelled him to go off in search of Melissa.  He could not explain it, but something deep inside of him, something primal sensed that she needed him.
Striding blindly into the thicket, he wandered slowly at first, allowing his superior vision to adjust to the blackened shadows of the forest.  Stepping over copses and averting entanglement in various prickled shrubs, he ambled aimlessly until a feminine voice was heard in the distance.
Though muffled, the sound was distinct and urgent.  He continued toward it, his feeling growing stronger.
His feet crossed the leaf-strewn forest floor soundlessly and with agility, responding stealthily to every obstacle that presented itself.  He halted when he heard screams slash through the darkened canopies.  The voice was unmistakable.  It belonged to Melissa.
Though gatherers at the keg party on the outskirts of the woods would not have heard her cries as readily as he had, his enhanced hearing enabled him to do so.  Her tone indicated distress and struggle.  Adrenaline surged throughout his body, propelled him forward through undergrowth and brush and drove him at full speed toward her panicked screams. 
Gabriel quickly arrived at a small clearing.  In the distance, he could distinguish two figures, one was Melissa.  And the other was Kevin Anderson.
Kevin was atop her.  They were struggling.  A hand was raised.  A slapping sound followed.
Rage flashed through Gabriel like lightning slicing through a midnight sky.  He thundered forward, fury storming within him, fueling him, until he reached the dell.  Melissa was beneath Kevin.  Dirt and blood streaked her fear-stricken face. 
Running as quickly as his muscles permitted him, he heard a barely audible but distinct threat issued.  Through the rush of wind in his face and the sound of his own blood pounding in his ears, he saw Kevin atop Melissa, clawing at her pants and issuing a string of ugly threats.  But before Kevin could complete his venomous diatribe, Gabriel, never breaking stride, burst from the shadows and launched his body, slamming himself headlong into Kevin.  The force of the impact sent both of them hurling to the leaf-covered ground. 
Gabriel sprang to his feet effortlessly, unaffected by the collision.  Kevin, however, slowly clambered to his feet, a look of shock and indignation plaguing his features as he saw Gabriel already standing, positioned and primed to fight. 
“You just made a big mistake, brother,” Kevin said.  “I’m gonna fuck you up!”  He said raising his tightly clenched fists.
“C’mon!” Gabriel screamed with his arms outstretched, urging Kevin toward him. 
Kevin needed little provocation.  He swung at Gabriel.  Gabriel swiftly sidestepped the intended hit. Bowing then rising deftly, Gabriel struck a quick jab followed by a powerful uppercut that landed evenly on Kevin’s jaw.  The impact of the blow knocked Kevin to the ground on his backside. 
Kevin’s facial expression quickly transformed from one of astonishment to one of utter confusion.  His confusion rapidly morphed into indignation.  He scrambled to his feet.  Wiping blood from his lip with the back of his hand, he spoke. 
“Sucker-punching bitch!  Now you’re gonna pay!” Kevin exclaimed and charged at Gabriel, swinging blindly, fiercely. 
Gabriel dodged the assault and delivered an effective shot to Kevin’s abdomen.  He felt an overwhelming sense of satisfaction as Kevin dropped and gripped his stomach.  As Kevin knelt in the dirt below, Gabriel landed another blow to his face just below his eye.  Kevin tumbled into the underbrush on his side. 
Trembling with wrath, Gabriel walked over to Kevin who remained in a prone position and spoke.  With every ounce of restraint that he possessed, he managed to avoid striking Kevin again and again, pummeling him until every ounce of his anger was spent.  Gabriel wanted Kevin to feel fear and pain, fear and pain like he had caused Melissa. 
Swallowing the bile that filled him, Gabriel managed, “Just stay down, Kevin!  This is over.  I better never see you near her again,” he threatened.
“Fuck you!” Kevin spat as he raised himself to a crouched position.  From his squatted stance, Gabriel watched as Kevin reached for a pointed, shiny object sheathed on a holster at his ankle.  He hurriedly tried to conceal the knife under the cuff of his shirtsleeve before staggering to his feet once again. 
Kevin lumbered toward Gabriel.  Leaves and twigs littered his clothes.  Blood and dirt caked his cheeks.  Gabriel did not retreat from Kevin’s advance.  Instead his feet remained planted, his fury-filled gaze trained on his adversary gauging and anticipating Kevin’s next move.
As Kevin moved closer and positioned himself at arm’s length from Gabriel, he lowered his eyes to the ground and put a hand up, palm facing outward, an implication of surrender of sorts while the other lay slack at his side.  Gabriel, flooded with indignation and distrustful of Kevin’s false gesture of submission, remained, readied. 
Instantaneously, Kevin lunged at Gabriel brandishing a dagger and stabbing at Gabriel. 
 “I’ll kill you!”  Kevin shouted as he cut through the air at Gabriel. 
Gabriel evaded having the weapon plunged into his torso.  Instead the cutting edge grazed him, lacerating his forearm. 
Incensed, Gabriel seized Kevin’s hand that held the weapon and struck his face as hard as he could with his free hand.  The impact drew a snapping sound and an immediate gush of blood from Kevin’s nose.
Kevin fell to the ground.  His blade lay at Gabriel’s feet. 
“Fuck!”  Kevin screamed with both hands at his nose.  “You broke my nose, asshole!” 
As he clambered to a standing position, he glared at Gabriel defiantly and warned, “This is not over!” before he plodded off into the surrounding woods.
Gabriel turned, half expecting Melissa to be gone.  But she remained, transfixed, sitting with her knees cradled to her chest on the leaf covered earth.  Tears streaked her dirt covered face. 
Taking a deep breath to steady his insides that rattled with anger and adrenaline, he walked over to her with his palms facing her.  “Melissa?  Are you okay?”
Her voice quavered, “Just get me out of here.  Please.”
Gabriel offered his hand to Melissa and she accepted it.  He raised her to her feet and wrapped one arm around her waist.  Together, they found their way out of the woods to the parking lot.  
“Please, just take me home Gabriel,” Melissa said softly.
“What about Alexandra and Daniella.  They’ll worry.”
“I’ll call them from home.  I just need to get away from this place,” she said tearfully.
He did not say another word.  He opened the passenger side door of his hunter-green Ford Explorer for her and helped her in, making sure to fasten her safety belt.  After seating himself in the driver’s side and fastening his own seat belt, Gabriel and Melissa headed toward Blackstone Drive. 

Chapter 12

Dr. Franklin Terzini hurled an object through the air, hard, and did not flinch as it exploded into the far wall of his work area.
Slivers of glass ricocheted from the concrete and showered down, littering the floor of his laboratory with prismatic splinters of varying shapes and sizes. Just seconds earlier, the shards had been intact and had formed a large beaker. The flat-bottomed glass cylinder was empty at the time of its destruction but several hours ago had held a thick, opaque liquid crucial to his work. 
Pure rage had overtaken him and produced a rare, but intense, emotional outburst.
Breathing heavily in short shallow breaths, he panted. His heart raced. Beads of sweat stippled his forehead. He bent forward and placed both hands on his knees and attempted to catch his breath. 
He had gone to the main house in search of Gabriel but found that his creation was not there. Gabriel had left, though he had not been granted permission to leave the grounds. 
Gabriel had defied him.
Wiping his damp brow with the back of his hand, Dr. Terzini straightened slowly. As he rose, he glimpsed his image in the stainless-steel paper towel dispenser near the decontamination and sink area of his lab. He was startled by his reflection. An unfamiliar face stared back at him.
With glasses that sat askew across the bridge of his nose, hair disheveled and a mouth contorted unnaturally, he vaguely resembled the man who commanded worldwide respect a short time ago, the genius he knew himself to be, the man who would transform humanity.
As he gazed at himself in the reflective metal surface, a new feeling washed over him replacing the rush of anger that propelled his previous eruption: shame. 
Shame rippled and flowed throughout his entirety, relaxed the grimaced muscled around his mouth and drained the color from his cheeks.  Looking at his slackened and blanched face, his reflection, though disgraced, became more familiar. 
He quickly smoothed his black hair, coaxing errant strands back to their prescribed coif shape then smoothed his dress shirt before tucking it into his trousers.  Pulling back his shoulders he stood erect, with pride, composed again. 
After several deep breaths, his thoughts were righted, his emotions reined in. Once he was calmed, he began to survey the tremendous mess he had made when rashly launching a beaker at the wall.
He had dozens more like the one he’d smashed, identical in shape and size. He was not upset that a piece of lab apparatus had been destroyed.  He was upset, however, by what had caused it. He had been goaded to the point of emotionality, a loathsome, revolting state of existence. 
His forced expressiveness was a direct result of Gabriel’s noncompliance. Gabriel had operated against ingrained conditioning that dictated he never act against Terzini. 
Yet, Gabriel disobeyed direct orders, his orders, and likely attended the bonfire. In doing so, he exhibited a sign of defect, of weakness. He was demonstrating a mark of failure. And failure was alien to Dr. Franklin Terzini; alien and unacceptable.
The ramifications of such a catastrophic letdown implicated his work, challenged his integrity, his genius.
He inhaled deeply through his nostrils and exhaled through his mouth to halt the onslaught of another anger and adrenaline-induced frenzy. After relaxing and narrowly avoiding a repeat of the earlier equipment wrecking incident, he began considering his choices.
Gabriel’s apparent malfunction had provoked a destructive act. He would not allow Gabriel to rescind the significance of his work and make a mockery of him as well. 
Fortunately, he prided himself on being pragmatic. He had a contingency plan, though it was not preferred in the least. A lifetime’s worth of work had been utilized; Gabriel was the culmination of that work.  An alternative creation could be formed, though he never imagined he would need to do so. That is, before Gabriel had engaged in his supposed insolent behavior. If evidence and admission corroborated Terzini’s suspicion, that if Gabriel did not have a reasonable excuse for breaking protocol and going to the bonfire, then drastic measure would need to be taken. The potential for dire circumstances existed, circumstances that would warrant the new creation’s activation.  He would be forced to start from the beginning again, educating, training and preparing for the replacement’s successful integration.
It would present a problem with his relocation. With his alleged death fresh in the Russian Mafia’s mind, moving would be a tremendous risk. Finding another house that boasted an underground shelter would be challenging as well. Both threatened exposure and, ultimately, his life.
He would also need to dispose of Gabriel. 
But before such drastic measures were taken, he needed to be certain that a defect did exist. And if so, it was imperative that he know whether Gabriel’s malfunction was correctible. So many questions swirled about in his mind. Gabriel’s failure would be his failure. Was it possible that he was capable of making a mistake? The query seemed ridiculous, preposterous. 
If he did not receive an explanation he deemed suitable and satisfactory from Gabriel, he would have to be destroyed; a new champion would be produced to advance society to its future state of perfection.

Chapter 13

Arrangements had been made for Eugene to board a fishing vessel docked in the Avacha Bay, a Pacific Ocean Bay on the southwestern coast of Kamchatka Peninsula in the port city Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. 
More than five hundred miles needed to be traversed to reach the Avacha Bay from the underground laboratory that burned outside Talovka, Kamchatka.  
A plane ride would have been the quickest and safest method of travel for Eugene, but driving posed the least questions. 
Instead, Eugene traveled in his rugged all-terrain vehicle. His Hummer H1 Alpha negotiated the hostile landscape with little effort.  Torrents of heavy snow pelted the windshield and winds whipped and gusted up to thirty-five miles per hour throughout much of the trip.  
Unpaved roads crusted with black ice and covered in snow failed to provide sufficient traction. Eugene, responding to the inhospitable conditions, employed his superior genetic attributes, his enhanced vision, quick reflexes and instinct to guide him.
Requiring infrequent rest stops, Eugene closed the vast distance between Talovka and the Avacha Bay which featured fierce blizzard conditions in less than ten hours. Later than originally planned, he arrived at Petropavlovsk Harbor just before midnight.
Eugene searched for the dock where he was to meet a man named Sasha Titov, a Pacific salmon fisher headed to the rugged coastline of the Aleutian Islands. Eugene had never met Titov. Dr. Terzini had made the arrangements prior to his departure. He was to meet the mystery fisherman and his small crew at a numbered slip where the craft was moored.  
Parking his Hummer in a designated space, Eugene walked out on to the pier where half a dozen ships were birthed. 
As he strode along the jetty, the only sound he heard was his own footsteps on the sturdy structure below. All else was still and silent.  Darkness enveloped the wharf, hushed it. Each ship loomed lightless, ensconced in the thick, velvety shadows. Eugene wondered whether the captain and his crew had left without him as his arrival was several hours behind schedule.
Checking the number on the paper Terzini had given him, Eugene moved toward the corresponding slip. He was relieved to find that a ship still awaited him. 
As he looked to its bow, a burly, bearded man lumbered toward him. Cloaked by a navy woolen hat and matching parka, Eugene presumed the robust man to be Sasha Titov.
Removing his glove and thrusting a beefy hand at Eugene, Sasha Titov moved with a pace that betrayed his heft.  He spoke Russian, one of many languages Eugene was fluent in as he rapidly approached. Eugene clasped the brawny fisherman’s hand in his. Sasha Titov smiled a genuine, affable smile.
Titov’s proximity enabled Eugene to inspect his appearance closely. 
He was surprised to see that nothing about Titov was weathered. His features were not hardened like other fisherman but, rather, softened. His plump, pink cheeks were round and gave the appearance of a perpetual smile. His abundant facial hair, all a reddish brown, curved and arched. Beneath his cheeks sat an auburn beard filled with hairs that hooked and bowed, swirling into an unexpectedly neat arrangement. The curved line of his nose ended with a bulbous formation. Bushy eyebrows curled toward vibrant blue eyes fringed by eyelashes that arched up and outward. His every attribute was rounded, merry. Eugene could not deny how the sum of his features lent him the appearance of a brunet Santa Claus. 
In keeping with his Santa Claus facial composition, Sasha Titov’s body was rounded as well. His pudgy build was barely contained by his winter coat. His belly strained and pressed against the zippered material and threatened to separate the teeth that interlocked to hold it closed.
Pumping Eugene’s hand, Titov said, “I am so pleased to meet you. I saw headlights in the lot and figured it must be you.” Titov laughed, a deep bass timber resonated in his throat. “After all, who else would be traipsing around this place in the middle of the night?”
“I’m sorry for holding you up. The weather was far more treacherous than I had expected. Please accept my apology,” Eugene offered, curiously held by the stranger’s rotund and jolly manifestation.
“That’s not necessary,” Titov said pumping Eugene’s hand. 
“Thank you for being so understanding,” Eugene said as he reciprocated the enthusiastic handshake.
“Wow, you’re a big man, and strong, too. I was told you were tall but I never guessed you would be so big,” Titov continued, smiling broadly. 
 “So I’ve been told,” Eugene responded with a half-smile.  It was rare for anyone to merely comment on his size. He awaited further remarks on the subject.
“What is your name, my big friend?” Sasha inquired
“Eugene. And you are?”
“Sasha. Sasha Titov.”
“Nice to meet you.”
To Eugene’s astonishment, he did not pursue the typical course of conversation concerning his appearance, or more specifically, his build. During the few instances he encountered a member of the general populace, the focus centered on his looks. 
Sasha Titov did not. 
If Titov was repelled by Eugene, or distracted by the dark sunglasses he wore at night, he did not appear as such. Instead he gave the impression of immediate acceptance, welcoming him as a shipmate. Such courtesy perplexed Eugene.
As they ambled along the length of the ship, Titov engaged Eugene in light conversation. 
“I hope our accommodations will be suitable. The cabins are a quite small,” Titov rambled.
Eugene’s mind struggled to understand how a common human being could be interested in the comfort of another, least of all his comfort. After all, he had long-considered human beings the most selfish of creatures.  Titov’s concern for his lodging implied generosity, kindness. Eugene found himself calmed by his new acquaintance’s bighearted attitude. Such calm confused him. He sought to redirect the conversation.
“I am sure the cabins will be just fine. By the way, where is your crew, Mr. Titov?” Eugene asked.  “I don’t see anyone on deck.”
Eugene assumed that more people would be present. To his knowledge, when a ship was departing for a long journey such as the one they were embarking on, there would be a buzz about the boat-longshoremen loading it with supplies, families seeing their kin off-yet Eugene observed that no one lingered about the pier. The deck was deserted.
“Please, call me Sasha,” Titov appealed before adding,  “I told my men to get a few hours of sleep before we sail, that I would wait for you alone.”
Eugene considered the plump and perpetually smiling man’s explanation for the deserted deck and deemed it commendable.  Sasha Titov appeared to be truly concerned with the welfare of others, a fact that puzzled Eugene. 
“Again, I’m sorry for being late. I’ll apologize to your men when they wake,” Eugene found himself saying without prior thought.
“Don’t trouble yourself. The weather is not your fault. They were happy to rest before our journey.”
“I look forward to meeting them. How many men are there?”
“We have one member who does most of the cooking,” Titov began. “We think of him as our chef, and then there are three other crew members. Including me, there are five members total. They’re all good men. We’re like a family.”
Titov spoke of his crew warmly, protectively. It was the first affectionate words Eugene had heard a human being speak of people not bound to them by blood. 
Sasha Titov was not related to any of his fellow fishermen, yet he felt a kinship with them that surpassed that of familial constraints. He embraced outsiders. Such a notion intrigued Eugene. 
“I hope I can be helpful. I am not a fisherman, though. I’ll likely be most helpful to you and your men by just staying out of the way.”
“Nonsense! A strapping man like you will be very useful.” Sasha Titov said walking toward the boarding ladder of the ship. “Let’s get off this dock and onto the ship.”
“Sounds good,” Eugene said as proceeded up the ladder of the small trawler.
The modest craft was painted a simple white with the name Titov painted in black at the bow. Large fishing nets, used to ensnare the intended catch, occupied either side of the boat. The ship was meticulously maintained but old. 
Eugene assumed that the portly fisherman could likely afford a better vessel.  Yet much to his puzzlement, Titov opted to retain his humble ship. Such humility was not in keeping with Eugene’s perception of the human species. He was baffled, but not displeased.
“Let me release the bow line from the berth,” Titov declared as he released the stern line and bow line from the quay. 
The vessel was adrift. 
“I will give you a tour of the ship and make introductions as we cruise. Okay?”
“You’re the captain,” Eugene conceded.
Titov embarked. Standing on deck, Sasha Titov took a deep breath. “Ahh! There is nothing like filling your lungs with good sea air, huh?”
“No, there’s nothing like it,” Eugene agreed and mimicked Sasha’s action of profound inhalation and exhalation though he loathed the smell of decaying marine life and presumed only a human could enjoy such a foul stench.
The vessel groaned and complained as it drifted beyond its slip farther out into the bay. Both men stared reverently into the blackened abyss. 
Titov broke their pensive silence by offering, “Come. Let me show you the state-of-the-art bridge.”
Eugene allowed himself to be ushered by Sasha Titov to the ultramodern compartment that functioned as the control room of the ship. Various sophisticated nautical electronic devices occupied the console.
“Wow,” Eugene marveled as he picked up a small rectangular object. “What is all this stuff?”
Proudly, Titov began describing its purpose. 
“This is a Garmin GPSMAP 5215 Chart Plotter,” he began. “It features a highly detailed Blue Chart g2 marine preloaded cartography to the Alaskan shoreline. It also has a worldwide base map with high-quality satellite images instead of more traditional maps.” 
Next, Eugene retrieved a bulky object resembling a 1980s car phone. “This looks like the original model for the cell phone,” he joked.
Sasha Titov laughed a jovial, full-bodied expression. “No, no, not an early cell-phone design. This is actually an Inmarsat Isat Phone Pro, a global handheld satellite phone capable of voicemail, e-mail and text messaging and GPS location data.” 
“Wow, but it’s so small,” Eugene wondered aloud. “Amazing!”
Eugene found Titov’s congeniality infectious. He began unconsciously mirroring the pleasant fisherman’s enthusiasm, smiling even, though cautious to conceal his sharp teeth. Titov did not recoil in horror as all others did. Instead, Eugene watched as the rounded, russet-haired man, unbothered, moved effortlessly and excitedly about his workspace. He wondered how, despite his cumbersome build, Titov was so light-footed, unburdened by his generous insulation. 
With lithesome steps, Sasha Titov darted to a metal desk in the far corner of the bridge and selected a piece of apparatus similar to a high-tech flashlight. He held it out, his face the embodiment of pride. 
“This, Eugene, is my newest acquisition,” Titov beamed. “It is a high-performance handheld waterproof thermal imager that provides superior night vision.” 
With a grin that broadened, dangerously skirting the border between acceptable and frightening, Eugene gaped at Titov’s trinkets then spoke. “Such sophisticated technology. I was unaware that all of this equipment even existed,” he offered.
Smiling broadly, Titov said, “We have some of the finest maritime technology available.” 
Interested in maintaining their conversation, Eugene continued, “Being a career fisherman must warrant such technology. You are out at sea three out of four seasons, right?”
Sasha Titov deftly navigated the tight confines of the cramped quarters, replacing his beloved equipment to its rightful place. As he returned, his demeanor had transformed slightly. 
“Sometimes we are gone for months at a time. It is not an easy life,” Titov offered solemnly as his expression became melancholy. “I’ve missed much.”
“Do you have a family?” Eugene asked spontaneously.
“I’ve been happily married for twenty-two years. We have four boys, all strapping young men,” he beamed, pride swelling in his every feature. “But I have missed many birthdays, many holidays. My absence is necessary to put food on the table, so they forgive me.”
He considered the idea of kinfolk, of the profound interdependence that exists among its members. Eugene also reflected on Sasha Titov’s profession, how it affected his domestic arrangement before adding thoughtfully, “You’re lucky to have such wonderful people to go home to.” 
After a pause, Sash Titov continued in earnest. “After this trip I will return home to my wife and children, settle in to my life as we brace ourselves for the long winter when it becomes too cold and I cannot fish, when money will become scarce.”
Eugene’s expression was solemn. He believed Sasha Titov to be not only a likable man, but a decent man as well. He came dangerously close to experiencing genuine regard for Titov. 
He offered his large hand to the fisherman. 
“You are a good man, Sasha Titov. I am happy to be aboard this fine vessel.”
Titov extended his hand and clasped Eugene’s. Eugene’s hand dwarfed his. The men shared a sincere handclasp.
Eugene stared at Sasha Titov. His gaze zeroed in on his round face.  Titov’s features withered slightly and began to display concern. Eugene did not relinquish his grip. Instead, he held tightly. 
Eugene considered Sasha Titov a likable human, the most likeable he had encountered yet. But he was still a useless human, nevertheless. 
He glowered down at the fisherman, watched as Titov’s eyes narrowed and his brow furrowed in confusion. Confusion quickly transformed to alarm as Titov tried desperately to remove his hand from Eugene’s vise-like grip. 
Every cell within his construct hummed and vibrated as he tightened his grip. He savored the seconds that the plump, perpetually pleasant man ceased smiling and winced in pain. But Titov’s wounded cries did not deter him. They encouraged him. Eugene grasped even harder as his thin lips spread across his abnormally sharp incisors and twisted into a cruel smile. 
Sasha Titov’s pallor blanched as Eugene wrung his hand. Within his crushing clutch, Eugene could feel the small bones in his hand yielding under the tremendous pressure being applied. He basked in the paling complexion of the enervated fisher.
Titov stared up at Eugene, his eyes bleary and unfocused. Eugene glared back at him from behind his dark glasses.
“Why?” Titov pleaded in an unsteadied voice. “Why are you doing this to me?” 
Fueled by the misery he was inflicting and still, grinning maniacally, Eugene employed every ounce of his superior strength squeezing and twisting Titov’s hand. He felt knuckles shattering under the crippling compression as every bone in his hand splintered and fractured. His stomach quavered as he witnessed the loss of consciousness instigated by the excruciating pain of the pulverizing pressure. 
When Titov regained cognizance, Eugene took the bowed man’s face in one hand. Squeezing his cheeks with his thumb and index finger, he removed his dark lenses forcing Titov to look into his feline eyes.
His face was stricken as he questioned Eugene one last time. In a weakened whisper, he asked, “Why?”
Eugene spoke with rancor lacing his every word as rage welled within him. 
“You’ve seen my face, friend,” he said, his voice low and maleficent. “You also know who sent me. I cannot allow anything that could lead back to him.”
He stared at Sasha Titov with hatred as the fisherman managed to murmur, appearing to struggle against succumbing to blackout. 
“What about my crew?” Titov begged feebly. “They’ve never seen you.”
“I will tend to them as I am tending to you. Make no mistake about that,” Eugene growled.  “Although I intend to make their suffering far greater.”
“No, please, don’t! They don’t know anything. You can’t do this!” Titov begged with sheer terror in his voice.
Ignoring his pleas Eugene cupped his hands around Titov’s face and cocked his head to one side to observe the burly, cherub–faced fisherman.  Disgust brimmed and boiled beneath the surface of his skin as he regarded the loathsome human who enjoyed the rancid odor of fetid fish. Then in one swift motion he snapped Sasha Titov’s head sharply to the left, breaking his neck and severing his spinal column. 
An involuntary shudder passed through Eugene’s body as the nauseating twinkle left his exasperatingly merry eyes, replaced instead with a fixed and vacant stare. Sasha Titov’s lifeless body lay inert, with mouth agape in horror, on the floor of the bridge. Eugene trembled a moment longer, his body overcome by exhilaration. He delighted in the seconds that life escaped Titov, allowed himself the privilege of lingering longer than he had with past killings. Such protraction was a treat he afforded himself on rare occasions, but knew that in this instance such an indulgence was unnecessary. He did not need to savor the fisherman’s death as the remaining four crew members slept in cabins below.  Eugene would be able to take his time with them and appreciate their deaths.
The thought of more murder frenzied his senses. His insides buzzed and hummed alive, teeming with fervor.  Eugene relished in his body’s impassioned response to the crew members who unknowingly awaited his wrath. He did not need to focus on any other aspect of his journey. Fortunately for him, the vessel captained by the late Sasha Titov was operating on autopilot. The steering mechanism was guided by a control positioned in the helm and interfaced with the ship’s GPS navigation system. The system did not require further interference unless he deemed it necessary. A course had been plotted by Titov prior to their encounter. The automatic pilot would steer the ship on the intended course. The vessel was headed for the Aleutian Islands, a chain of small islands in the Northern Pacific Ocean that separated the Bering Sea from the Pacific Ocean. Once it reached the preordained destination, however, Eugene would change the coordinates and head to the United States of America.
As the ship headed out of the Avacha Bay, an inlet large enough to accommodate any ship in the world, Eugene glanced out of the port hole at the horizon. Tri Brata, a set of three rocks at the entrance to the Avacha Bay, could be seen, their outline blacker than the darkness of the night sky. The usually picturesque arrangement was considered a symbol of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. Local lore suggested that they were the three brothers who went to defend the town from a tsunami and turned to stone. In the obscurity of the nightfall, the array looked sinister and foreboding. Eugene smiled broadly at the dark, stony brothers; their fate was far kinder than the one the remaining men aboard the Titov would receive.
Eugene headed out of Avacha Bay past the “Three Brothers” rocky pinnacles, through the mouth of the bay past Starichkov Island. He was destined for Alaska. Once on American soil, Eugene would travel to Port Angeles, Washington and refuel. He would be at sea covering nearly one thousand nautical miles.
In Port Angeles, Washington, a Hummer H1 Alpha identical to the one he abandoned in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky awaited Eugene. He would drive close to three thousand miles and cross through eight states to New York. He would travel a great distance before taking up residence in the rural town of Stonewall in upstate New York.
Chapter 14

Gabriel drove Melissa to her home on Blackstone Drive. She sat in stunned silence, unable to process all that had happened. Overcome by shuddering that refused to end despite the warmth of the SUV, she wrapped her arms around her body.
She did not glance at Gabriel nor did she gaze out the window. Her eyes remained fixed, staring straight ahead, but focusing on nothing. Her thoughts had yet to regroup and regain a semblance of order. She continued hugging herself and gazing with unfocused eyes until Gabriel pulled his Explorer in to her driveway.
“Please, let me walk you in,” he said snapping her out of her trance.
She did not respond verbally, but waited as Gabriel climbed out, rounded the car and opened her door for her. Despite the violent trembling that racked her body, Melissa found Gabriel’s desire to open the door for her to be a courteous gesture, one she had heard of but had never been on the receiving end of. Even under such stressful circumstances, she appreciated his gallantry. 
He took her hand and walked her to the front door. She was comforted by his help. Releasing her hand, Gabriel held the storm door as Melissa let herself in.  He held her hand again as they moved down the hallway, past the living room and dining room to the family room in the rear of the house. 
Melissa’s eyes widened when she saw that her father occupied the couch. Hunched over a tray table with a can of beer and fried cheese sticks, Christopher Martin took one look at his daughter’s battered face and lunged forward from his seat.
His features hardened as he sprang toward his daughter. 
“Melissa what the hell happened to your face?” her father growled.
“Dad, what are you doing here? I mean, I didn’t see your truck in the driveway,” she asked and ignored her father’s question.
“I parked in the garage. But who cares. I asked you a question! What the hell happened to your face? Were you in an accident?” he demanded.
“No. Dad, there wasn’t a car accident or anything. I, well, I don’t know how to tell you. Gabriel,” she tried, but her father cut her off prematurely. 
“Who is Gabriel and where do I find him?” he exploded.
“No, Dad, Gabriel is in the living room right now.”
“What?” he shouted.
Christopher Martin stormed past his daughter toward Gabriel. She looked on as he raged erroneously at Gabriel.
“You did this to my daughter?” he shouted.
Quickly closing the gap between him and Gabriel, her father seized Gabriel by his shoulder. 
She watched in horror as her father grabbed Gabriel. Hate etched his every feature. 
Melissa moved swiftly, positioning her body between the two men and shouted, “Dad, stop! Gabriel did not do this. Kevin Anderson did!” She felt her face blush to a deep crimson. “Kevin Anderson tried to attack me in the woods by the school after the bonfire. And I think he drugged me, too. ”
“He drugged you and took you off into the woods?” her father screamed. 
She saw his face redden then immediately progress to an unhealthy purple. His brow furrowed to a scowl. His eyes were steely, penetrating. His jaw locked. Melissa had never seen her father so angry. She worried for his health–both physical and mental. A large vein protruded from his otherwise smooth forehead as he hissed through clenched teeth, “I’m going to kill him!” 
“No, Dad. You can’t kill him,” she panicked. “As much as I’d like you to, you just can’t.” 
Christopher Martin paced, each step crashed down on the hardwood flooring forcefully, with purpose. He stalked back and forth like a caged animal that had been provoked and contemplated its limited attack options.
“Tell me what happened,” he managed without halting his movement.
“There was a keg party in the woods after the bonfire. Kevin told me I was taking a Tylenol. I took it with a beer. Next thing I know everything was hazy and spinning and Kevin was trying to, you know.”
Melissa could not speak the words to her father. They caught in her throat as tears streamed down her cheeks. She reeled from the events of the evening. Verbalization would mean reliving everything. And she was simply not ready to do that.
Melissa felt like a bystander witnessing a force of nature she was powerless to stop. She watched as her father, who just seconds ago resembled a volcano about to erupt, exploded. 
“Where does Kevin Anderson live Melissa?” he demanded no longer speaking through clenched teeth but screaming in a voice hoarse and raw with rage. 
Melissa’s mind raced as she searched for the words to halt her father from committing an act that, though deserving and befitting its intended target, was a crime. 
“Dad, wait! What? Why? I mean, calm down. Gabriel took care of him.” Her voice quavered as she brushed back tears.
Unyielding, her father stormed past her to get his work boots from the garage. 
He slammed the door shut and declared, “I am going to kill that Kevin Anderson.”
Melissa panicked, knew her father fully intended to make good on his threats against Kevin. She needed him to be rational, to see that killing Kevin Anderson–or even threatening him–would not be helpful to her in the least. 
Incapable of controlling her father’s emotions, she instead sought to engage him with a piece of information she hoped would give him pause.
“Dad, seriously, Gabriel beat the crap out of Kevin. Even broke his nose.”
Though the information intrigued him, her father simply said, “Really, huh,” then blustered past Melissa and Gabriel toward the staircase.
“Yes! Dad, this is Gabriel,” Melissa stressed as she gestured to Gabriel.
Melissa attempted an introduction hoping to distract her father long enough for him to calm down.
Gabriel extended his hand. “Hello, Mr. Martin, sir. I am Gabriel James.”
“Good for you kid,” he fumed. “I’m glad you hit the bastard a few times. Glad you busted his nose. But she’s my daughter. And I’m going to kill that scumbag.”
As her father articulated each word, the degree of calm he possessed during his brief interaction with Gabriel seemed to seep from him. Speaking enraged him anew. But one question remained; one he had not posed yet. 
In a raspy whisper, he asked, “Missy, did he, violate you?”
“No Dad, he didn’t,” she answered.
“But the bastard tried to. And he hit you. I’m getting my shotgun!”
He thundered upstairs to get his Remington 12-gauge shotgun.
Melissa was dizzied with panic. She followed him but to her chagrin, she was much too slow. He reappeared almost instantly armed and threatening. Before Melissa could intercede, Gabriel offered his thoughts. She was paralyzed by Gabriel’s bravery and stupidity as he led her father to the kitchen for conference.
“Sir, if I may speak,” Gabriel began in a calm, measured voice.  “I beat the hell out of him, I really did. If you were to find Kevin’s address and beat him to a bloody pulp or shoot him where he stood, you would be completely justified. But his parents would call the police and you would be arrested which would leave Melissa orphaned and vulnerable to retribution, sir. Melissa has been through enough tonight. She has experienced enough violence,” he reasoned.
With his chin tipped up defiantly, her father was courteous and composed enough to listen and consider Gabriel’s thoughts. 
 “So what do you propose I do, kid, just let him get away with trying to rape my daughter?” 
Frustration temporarily overcame her dad. He slammed his hand against the kitchen table. The sound startled Melissa.
“Absolutely not sir, I just think we need to act first. We need to call the police.”
“Maybe that makes sense to you, but you’re not her father! I want that asshole dead!” he seethed.
“Sir, you’re right. I can’t imagine how you’re feeling,” Gabriel offered. “I got to feel my fists pounding on the dirtbag. You ought to have the same satisfaction, but not now, not tonight. Pardon my language sir, but let him get the shit scared out of him with the cops showing up on his doorstep.”
Her father remained silent for several minutes. Brooding and deep in thought, his complexion regained a fair hue. The bulging vein diminished. His facial muscles relaxed.
“Huh. There may be something to what you’re saying, kid. Let the whole damn neighborhood see their precious star athlete taken away in handcuffs. Let them read about him in the paper.  He can kiss his scholarship offers good-bye.”
“Yes sir. And he’ll probably be benched and when he is, everyone will know why.”
Everyone would know why. The words resonated in her head. If Kevin were arrested, it would most certainly be newsworthy enough. The school, along with the entire town, would be privy to the attack she’d endured. 
“Exactly!” she shouted. “Everyone would know what happened!” 
Melissa neared hysteria. 
“Doesn’t anyone care about how this affects me?”
Both her father and Gabriel halted and turned to look at Melissa. The night’s events, her father’s near-felonious response left her raw and exposed.
“Wasn’t it enough that all this happened in the first place without every student, every parent and every teacher knowing about it?” Melissa began. “I mean, I don’t want everyone staring at me and talking about what happened. It’s just so embarrassing. I just want this to be behind me. Don’t I get a say?”
“Missy, this scumbag deserves to be punished and embarrassed. He deliberately drugged you, told you that you were taking Tylenol. I am no lawman, but I’m guessing that’s illegal, as is trying to force yourself on a woman,” her dad explained.
“Your father is right, Melissa. And since you are a minor, I imagine that the authorities cannot disclose your name without the consent of your father,” Gabriel added.
“It doesn’t have to be in the paper either,” Melissa’s father reasoned. “So the only people who will know what happened apart from us and Kevin would be the police and Kevin’s parents and trust me, they will not want this to get out any more than you do,” Melissa’s father concluded.
Melissa considered what had been proposed to her. She knew that what Kevin did must not go unpunished. He drugged her, tried to render her powerless and strip her of her dignity. Though she had no control over her situation earlier, she would have control over its outcome. 
“Fine then, let’s do this. Let’s report Kevin,” Melissa asserted wringing her hands.
Her father crossed the room and picked up the telephone. As he dialed, the doorbell rang. 
Melissa answered the door to find Daniella and Alexandra standing at the entrance. She could only imagine the thoughts that raced through their minds as they looked at her bruised face. 
Judging from their horrified expressions, she looked as bad as she felt. 
Melissa opened her mouth to speak but Daniella beat her to it.
“Melissa! Oh, my God! What happened?” Daniella exclaimed as she stepped through the doorway.  
Her face, usually the picture of happiness and vivacity, was twisted into one of horror. Guilt struck Melissa for generating such a response. 
“Who the hell did this to your face? That fucking asshole Anderson?” Alexandra questioned heatedly. 
Before she could continue her profanity-laced invective, she was interrupted.
“Uh, nice language Alexandra,” Melissa’s father quipped. “It’s warranted, but can we try to keep things PG-13.”
“Sorry, Mr. Martin,” Alexandra said slightly embarrassed. “I didn’t see your truck in the driveway.”
“Fair enough,” he said to Alexandra. Then, to the rest of the group, “The police are coming. I called and a pair of officers should be here any minute.”
“Okay, Dad,” Melissa said dreading the task ahead. 
“Melissa, tell us what happened. Did Kevin really do this to you?” Daniella asked incredulously.
“Umm yeah, he did,” Melissa admitted as fresh tears welled in her eyes.
Daniella embraced her. Melissa and her friends walked into the living room and settled on a large, black leather sofa. Gabriel sat on the matching loveseat positioned at a ninety degree angle to the couch.
Melissa described what had happened to her two best friends. After she finished reciting the details, Alexandra had a single question for Gabriel. She fixed her near-black eyes intently on him and accused, “Where the hell were you? If you had shown up when you were supposed to, none of this would have happened.” 
Gabriel lowered his eyes sadly. 
“There were some complications. I had trouble leaving my house. I got there too late and the bonfire was over,” he offered contritely. “On my way to the party, I heard a girl screaming. I followed the sound of her voice. When I got to the small clearing I saw that it was Melissa. I saw what that dirtbag was trying to do to her and I flipped out.” 
Melissa’s heart clenched. The guilt laced in his every word, the shame in his posture pained her. She considered Gabriel a hero, yet he somehow held himself accountable.
“I hope you beat the shit, uh, snot out of him,” Alexandra said flatly as she exchanged a quick glance with Melissa’s father who smirked approvingly at her choice of words. 
“Don’t worry about that. Gabriel leveled him. We’re pretty sure he broke Kevin’s nose,” she chimed in. “Kevin kept coming at him but Gabriel dropped him every time. I mean, Gabriel, you handled him like he was nothing.”
“It was just an adrenaline rush. I was really angry,” Gabriel said modestly.
“You really handled Anderson like that?” her father inquired.
“I suppose so, sir.”
“That guy is a monster. What is he like, six-four and two hundred twenty pounds?”
“That’s a fair estimate, sir.”
“He’s all-state in football, too. Huh, pretty impressive. Do you box or something?”
“I had a little training in Russia. Nothing formal though sir.”
“Huh, impressive,” her father mumbled again as he walked to the kitchen to prepare a pot of coffee. 
Melissa followed him but was distracted by headlights illuminating the windows of the kitchen. A black-and-white patrol car had pulled in to the driveway. Two uniformed officers exited the cruiser Melissa watched as the pair approached the front door. 
 “They’re here,” Melissa notified her father.
Her pulse raced and her palms slickened with sweat. She took a deep breath to steady herself before answering the door. She acted so quickly, the police officers did not have time to ring the doorbell. 
“Come in,” she said and ushered the male and female officer down the hallway and into the living room. The officers remained standing.
Daniella and Alexandra took the police presence as their cue to leave. 
“We’ll call you tomorrow, sweetie,” Daniella said. 
“Yeah, if we can help at all, give them our numbers,” Alexandra added.
Officer Mark Nettle introduced himself to Melissa, her father and Gabriel, in a rich, melodic voice. The contrast of his voice and his physical appearance was remarkable.  A narrow-shouldered man with thick, black hair trimmed to a buzz-cut and with piercing black eyes.  Melissa was unnerved by his intensity, yet oddly soothed by the quality of his voice. 
Officer Nettle then presented the group with his partner, Officer Charlene White. Officer White had smooth, coffee-colored skin and an easy smile. A portly, large-bosomed woman in her mid-thirties, Charlene White maintained squatness that measured her to be as tall as she was wide. Her function would be to work with Melissa. 
Officer White spoke first. 
“So tell us what happened tonight in as much detail as possible,” she instructed in a, gravelly voice. 
Melissa’s ears ached at the quality of Charlene White’s coarse and jagged tone. It conflicted with her smooth, rounded appearance. As she addressed Melissa, her words clattered and crashed as they resonated throughout the house, each word more raspy and gruff than the one before. 
Melissa recounted the evening’s events in explicit detail to the two police officers. Sickened by the graphic nature of the incident, she pored over every fact while Officers Nettle and White took notes. They asked many questions posed with an array of terminology. They inquired about specific threats that were issued and abusive language that was used against her. She was asked to articulate, in vivid detail, every act that was violent or sexual in nature. She was asked what she thought, felt and feared during the attempted attack. Her condition was observed and documented in the police report. Melissa spoke emotionally as the officers remained inexpressive. Each recount was nauseating, painful.
As Melissa described what had happened, she was aware of Gabriel’s presence. He remained at her side. Positioned attentively with flawless posture, his intense cobalt eyes never left Melissa’s face as she addressed the officers. He remained stoic save for the intermittent and almost imperceptible cringes during the more graphic portions of her reporting. His support eased some of her tension and embarrassment. She felt like his serene support willed calmness her way. He was supportive but unobtrusive.
As Melissa finished giving her statement to the two officers, Officer White asked, “Is that everything?” 
Melissa did not answer at first. A question had been burning in her mind during her interview with the officers. She was terrified to address a key concern, terrified of the answer she might receive.  But an answer was imperative. 
She looked directly into Officer White’s hazel eyes and asked, “Will this all go away because I was drinking or because I took the fake Tylenol Kevin offered me?” 
Officer White did not answer Melissa’s question. Instead, her partner replied in his rich, baritone voice, “Quite the contrary, Miss Martin, alcohol and involuntary drug use caused increased vulnerability, not culpability.” 
“Culpability? I’m not sure what you’re saying,” Melissa said.
“Culpability is defined as,” Officer Nettle began in his silken cadence.
Officer White interrupted her partner, her voice, sharpened tacks against polished glass. 
“It means even if you were as drunk as a skunk and went willingly with this Anderson guy with the intent to have sexual intercourse in the woods, once you said no, it should have been over. No means no. You are not to blame,” she grated then added, “Before we go, we’re going to need to clip you nails.” 
Officer White wheezed and puffed as she struggled to twist and reach for a plastic, forensic collection bag from her fanny-pack.  
“Since you allegedly scratched Kevin Anderson,” she continued, “his DNA will be under your nails. Our guys in forensics will be able to extract the material that will be put to use in the case against Anderson.” 
Melissa proffered her hands as Officer White covered her own plump, russet-hued fingers with latex gloves. She then clipped Melissa’s fingernails. The trimmings were collected in a clear plastic zip-closure bag and labeled before being replaced in the officer’s fanny-pack. 
“We’re also going to need a statement from you. You’re a witness.” Officer White pointed a meaty finger at Gabriel. “We’ll need you to come down to the station with us for that. How old are you?” 
“I’m seventeen, ma’am,” Gabriel stated.
“Then we’ll need to call your folks,” she said.
“If you remember anything else just call us,” Officer Nettle added retrieving his business card from his jacket pocket.
He offered it to Melissa. The small, rectangular card smelled of pine and leather, masculine and smooth, befitting his voice. 
“And you can meet us at the station,” Officer Nettle said to Gabriel.
“Thank you very much officers,” her father said as he offered his hand to them.
Melissa watched as her father gave each a hearty shake then walked them to their cruiser.
He returned almost immediately. After closing and locking the front door, he strode into the living room and addressed Gabriel. 
“You’d better call your parents and get yourselves to the police station as soon as possible.”
“Yes sir,” Gabriel replied solemnly.
Gabriel looked sickened, like the mention of his father’s involvement terrified him. 
Concerned, Melissa was about to ask if everything was okay. But before the words were on her lips, her father began soliciting information in his unique way.
“Gabriel, are you all right,” Christopher asked. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost. Are you worried about telling your folks what you did?”
“It’s just my dad and I. But yes sir. I am worried about how he’ll react.”
“He ought to be proud of you. You did a good thing. You saved a girl from being attacked.”
Melissa was shocked and warmed by her father’s honesty. She waited for Gabriel’s reply.
“I’m not sure my father will see it that way, sir.”
“Want me to call him?”
“No thank you, sir. I’ll have to deal with him.”
“Well then you’d better get to it.” Looking Gabriel directly in the eyes, he added, “And thanks, for everything.” 
Melissa was proud of her father. He was not a man who shared his feelings readily. His expression of profound gratitude was rare, monumental.
“I’m going to grab a beer. Want a water or soda guys?” he asked.
“No, thanks, dad,” Melissa replied.
“No thank you, sir,” Gabriel answered.
Her father disappeared into the kitchen.
Seizing an opportunity to be alone with Gabriel, Melissa turned and spoke.
“Gabriel, I never thanked you. I mean, thank you doesn’t even seem like enough?” she began. “But thank you. From the bottom of my heart, I am so grateful that you came through the woods when you did and heard me. You saved me.”
Melissa eyes filled with tears as she spoke. She walked Gabriel to the front door. Impulsively, she leaned forward and hugged him tightly then kissed him quickly on his cheek before shutting her front door. 

***

Gabriel’s heart pounded in his chest when Melissa embraced him. He returned her hug and held her briefly. When the tension marginally escaped her arms, Gabriel released her. To his surprise, she gave him a quick kiss on his cheek and said good night. 
Dizzy with emotions from her affectionate gesture, he walked to his car in a dream-like state.
His dream quickly transformed into a nightmare, however, as his cell phone beeped alerting him to missed calls.  Twenty-three calls had been missed, all from the same number, Terzini’s cellular phone number. And a single message awaited him.
Terzini’s call meant his maker knew of his disobedient behavior. Rebellion would not be tolerated. Gabriel’s involvement with the police may warrant his demise. 
Another new emotion arose within Gabriel. He was scared.
He had seen Kevin’s face, the wild-eyed anger; the malevolence. Melissa would need him, of that he was certain. It was imperative that he live to help her. After all, Gabriel knew Eugene’s arrival was imminent. Eugene’s presence granted Terzini unprecedented leverage, made him more dangerous to Gabriel than he already was.
Terzini undoubtedly knew of his transgression, that he had attended the bonfire. Once his maker was apprised of the magnitude of the situation along with the coming of Eugene, Gabriel’s life would be in grave danger. 
Chapter 15

Eugene waited patiently, enveloped in darkness, savoring the moments of pure anticipation while Sasha Titov’s crew members slept unaware of his presence and oblivious of their impending fate. With their bodies still, no doubt dreaming peacefully, the men sleeping in their metal-framed cots had no idea that when they woke, he would kill them, slowly. 
He had already assassinated Sasha Titov, the ship’s captain, despite coming dangerously close to liking him. He’d almost enjoyed his company. Almost. His human imperfections had hindered his likability far too greatly. Eugene had no choice but to dispose of him. 
Though the exhilaration of Titov’s execution was fresh, the thrill of approaching murder energized Eugene anew, threatened to overtake him. His insides trembled violently. He fought to remain still. 
Sitting with impeccable posture on an undersized wooden chair in a dormitory-style living compartment of the ship, he watched as one of its crew members stirred and groggily opened his eyes. The man’s gaze widened gradually, then froze, unblinking, no doubt shocked to see a figure seated before him. 
The man did not waste time reacting. Without taking his eyes off Eugene, he immediately reached an arm out to alert his bunkmates. 
Slowly, each roused and became aware of the stranger among them.
Eugene turned on the light switch just behind him. Stark, fluorescent light flooded the room and offered the men an unobstructed view of his magnificence. He briefly enjoyed the amazement etched in each face staring at him before he spoke.
“Good morning gentlemen,” he began. The rich bass timbre of his voice filled the small room. “I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“Who are you and why are you in here watching us sleep?” a man asked nervously.
Eugene could smell fear seeping through the man’s pores. He delighted in the pungent aroma.
“Sasha asked me to wake you earlier, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it; you were all sleeping so peacefully.”
Eugene paused before adding, “We are already at sea.”
Confusion arose among the crew, confusion and questions.
“Where is Sasha? Why didn’t he wake us?” another man asked.
Eugene wished to toy with them, draw out his expectancy.
“He was very busy, getting prepared for our journey. I was simply doing him a favor. I’m sorry if I’ve upset you.”
“Who are you?” an angry voice demanded.
“Oh, forgive me. I’ve forgotten my manners,” Eugene taunted. “I am Eugene. I’m hitching a ride with you. Thanks to Sasha, I’ll be riding with you to the Aleutians.”
He observed how his words affected each man, how they grew increasingly distrustful and agitated.
“I can see that you are all concerned. Please try to stay calm,” Eugene said extending his powerful arms out at his sides. “Let me get Sasha for you. Seeing him will explain everything, answer all of your questions.”
Eugene stepped out of the sleeping area and into the narrow hallway to retrieve Sasha Titov’s lifeless body he’d propped against the wall. Grabbing the rotund man by the neck, he dragged him to where the crew waited.
“Here he is, gentlemen. I apologize for not having him with me in the first place.” 
The corners of Eugene’s mouth pulled away from each other and produced a sinister smile.
“It would have explained things more clearly,” he concluded as he released Sasha Titov’s neck, allowing his corpse to collapse to the ground unceremoniously.
There was a long pause as shock prevailed and the gravity of the situation failed to register with the crew members. 
Eventually, however, four pairs of eyes gaped at him in horror. Eugene enjoyed their collective look of equal parts despair and dread. They understood they were going to die. The experience bordered on intense pleasure, the heightening sensation of excitement leading up to the actual kill, the release. The swell of eagerness was a challenge to contain. But Eugene knew control was crucial, that it bolstered the pure elation of the final act.
Eugene sat back down in the chair he occupied moments ago. He leaned forward with his elbows on his knees, watching intently as the men scrambled from their cots and moved frantically about the cabin. A tremor racked his body without warning, exhilaration overwhelmed him unexpectedly. 
Men clambered to their feet and ran past him. He afforded them such courtesy as it would prove all the more entertaining for him in the long run. Once they reached the deck and realized he had released both rescue boats, the late Sasha Titov’s crew members would be faced with a choice: plunge overboard into the frozen waters of the Northern Pacific Ocean-a certain death-or take their chances with him, and fight.
The option Eugene longed for was clear. 
He allowed the men several moments to decide, to either convince one another to unite and strike at him together, or to split up and hide. Either alternative would be entertaining. 
Once enough time had passed and he was confident the men had chosen their fate, Eugene slowly rose from the small wooden chair he sat on and stretched before venturing out into the hallway to begin his hunt.

Chapter 16

Gabriel drove from Melissa Martin’s home on Blackstone Drive to his house on the outskirts of town. A sentiment that could only be described as dread pervaded his every thought with each moment that passed. He did not bother returning Dr. Terzini’s calls. The severity of the situation required that they be face to face.
Turning in to his driveway, his stomach clenched and coiled. Worry twisted about within him. 
Pulling down the long, gravel pathway, the sprawling Victorian came into sight.  The soft glow of light coming from the downstairs windows meant that Dr. Franklin Terzini awaited his arrival.
Parking in one of the three garage ports, Gabriel climbed out of his hunter-green Ford Explorer and entered through a door leading to the laundry room. From the laundry room, a staircase led to a hallway that entered into the formal living room. 
As Gabriel climbed the staircase, footsteps were heard overhead. He could hear the rhythmic clacking of heeled men’s dress shoes and the purposefulness with which each stride struck the hardwood floors. His maker was pacing. 
Pacing was an uncharacteristic behavior for Dr. Terzini. It suggested agitation, emotion. His maker was an unusually detached man, indifferent to everything. Terzini’s mood was nearly impossible for Gabriel to gauge as it rarely changed. Gabriel did know, however, that sneaking out was an outrageous offense. Disregarding Terzini’s attempts to contact him would not be well received. The pacing meant only one thing: he would see his maker’s anger.
Taking a deep breath to steel himself against what lay beyond the door, Gabriel turned the doorknob. 
He immediately saw Dr. Terzini walking across the width of the oversized formal living room. Upon hearing Gabriel enter, he stopped and turned to face him. 
To Gabriel’s surprise, his face showed no trace of agitation whatsoever. Instead, it was eerily calm, serene.
“You left tonight despite my instructions, Gabriel,” Terzini offered levelly.
“Yes sir,” Gabriel admitted.
Gabriel noticed how Terzini’s face hardened almost imperceptibly at his admission. 
“And why, pray tell, would you do this?” Terzini asked.
Gabriel felt his pulse quicken, though not together with pleasant sensations as it did when Melissa was present. His stomach contracted violently and his palms were slick with perspiration. His mouth went dry. 
Gabriel swallowed hard before replying, “I thought it crucial to our mission, sir.”
Terzini paused briefly, his frame of mind indecipherable. Unsure of what to expect from his creator, Gabriel waited. 
Then without warning, Terzini laughed, a bitter, cutting laugh. 
His odd laughter reverberated not with happiness or humor but with contempt, a stark contrast to his calm exterior.
“Yes, we discussed that,” he affirmed, abruptly ending his outburst. “And I expressly forbade you from going.”
“Sir, but -”
“No Gabriel,” Terzini interrupted. “I will not allow this type of insubordination.”
Terzini’s gaze met Gabriel’s. With tiny eyes as sooty as coal, his intense watchfulness pierced Gabriel as effortlessly as a scalpel passing through flesh.
Gabriel disrupted Terzini’s intimidating stare with more bad news.
“Dr. Terzini, sir. I am here to bring you to the police station,” he began, anxiously awaiting a retort. When none was offered, he continued, “There was a situation at the bonfire. A girl was being attacked and I fought off her assailant. The police were called by the girl’s father.”
Gabriel paused and tried to estimate Dr. Terzini’s response. His maker’s expression remained unreadable. He reluctantly added, “They were told of my skirmish with the attacker. They need me to give a statement. The officers told me I needed a parent with me.”
Dr. Terzini’s face remained impassive, but Gabriel sensed hostility beneath his calm appearance.
 “You have compromised our entire objective,” he hissed between clenched teeth.
Terzini approached Gabriel, his demeanor suddenly threatening. Though small in stature, his creator had tremendous presence. He imperiled with brainpower, not brawn.  Gabriel instinctively sought to move away from his maker but found his legs leaden, unresponsive to what his mind commanded them to do. Instead, he froze in place. 
Dr. Franklin Terzini advanced. He stepped closely and raised a clenched hand high in the air. Gabriel flinched, expecting an assault, as his maker brought his fist down and pounded it against the coffee table between them in an act of controlled aggression. 
Unnerved, Gabriel remained fixed in place as Terzini spat, “Why, Gabriel? Why? After everything I have done for you! I created you! Why would you destroy my work, my vision of the future, by intervening in a situation that did not concern you?”
Gabriel stood, his body rigid, as his maker’s words accused, condemned. After all, it was against his code of conduct, a cipher so deeply engrained in his construct that it was woven into the fabric of his existence, to oppose Terzini. 
Instead he stood, feet planted as his maker’s attitude transformed again. His demeanor morphed from carefully measured to enraged and back again. He had returned to his unflappable manner and cast his stony stare on Gabriel again.
“You have risked exposing yourself to the world and now you have put me at risk as well. The police will see me. Someone may recognize me.” Terzini said frostily. “This is an infraction I cannot forgive. You have single-handedly upended our objective. It appears as though you need to be destroyed,” he offered as a final matter-of-fact thought.
“Sir, I was doing as you have instructed me to do,” Gabriel countered. “I was trying to behave as any other human would.”
“You were not created to behave as other humans do, Gabriel. You are to follow my orders,” Terzini said emphatically.
“Sir, it has been my understanding that I am to act as other humans do. Human beings are motivated by their feelings, right?”
“Of course they are,” Terzini answered flatly.
“Well sir, the screams of a girl would generate an emotional response,” Gabriel began. “That is the case in most Hollywood films you have ever shown me. And in the ones that featured a person – usually a female – in distress, that person was rescued.”
Terzini paused and began to listen intently. Gabriel sensed his maker’s desire to hear a plausible excuse.  He knew Terzini to be a vain man therefore Gabriel’s missteps would represent his own. Failure of any kind was unfathomable to the geneticist. Terzini’s narcissism gave Gabriel more time to explain, to persuade. 
“Go on, go on,” Terzini urged.
Gabriel approached his manipulation of Terzini with extreme caution. He kept his face expressionless and his intonation flat and emotionless. It was imperative for him to present a lucid, rational explanation for his earlier actions. 
“Wouldn’t it have drawn attention to me, and to us, had I ignored the situation and not helped a girl who was being attacked?” he asked then added, “And she saw me, too. That would not have been in keeping with the behavioral patterns of feeling human beings. Furthermore, I know that I disobeyed your direct orders by attending the school function. My objective was sound. My intent was to further submerge myself into the student populace, to blend seamlessly. I told many of my fellow students that I was going. Not attending would have made me seem odd on my first day.  I am supposed to blend unnoticed,” he reasoned. “I went, as most other students did, and I responded in a crisis much like any of them would have, sir.”
Terzini did not respond immediately, but allowed Gabriel’s counterpoint to linger in the air. He stood eerily still, his face expressionless, inscrutable. His maker’s gaze did not waver. It remained on Gabriel. He was forced to wait uncomfortably as Terzini deliberated internally. 
When finally ready to speak, Terzini was firm and businesslike.
“Let us go to the police station before the officers become suspicious of our whereabouts. Go to the study and secure our identification information from the desk drawer. Remember, at the police station, I am your father. You must refer to me as ‘dad’ not ‘doctor’. I am Mr. James.”
“Yes sir.”
“And as for the situation this evening, you will not associate with anyone in any type of extracurricular capacity, ever. Is that understood, Gabriel?”
Gabriel knew that such infractions would not be tolerated; that he had received a singular pardon. Though his creator was arrogant to a fault, he dared not underestimate him a second time.
“Yes sir.”
“This must never happen again. If something like this happens again, I will destroy you,” he warned callously before releasing Gabriel from his arresting watch.
Gabriel’s mind spun out of control as he turned from Terzini and walked to the study. He knew he would have to figure out a way to see Melissa aside from at school.

Chapter 17

On Monday morning, Melissa arrived at school fifteen minutes before the first bell sounded. She needed the extra time to prepare for her day. She did not sleep much over the weekend. Too much time had been devoted to agonizing over this day. She knew there would be whispers and stares, questions even, and thought the sooner she arrived and handled whatever arose, the better off she would be. 
She felt certain the entire school knew what had happened at the bonfire Friday night, but Melissa did not know what consequences to expect. She had been drugged. Kevin tried to rape her. Though the facts were plain that she was the victim, she wondered whether his immense influence alone would lend him credibility and exonerate him from what he did, what he had tried to do. 
Her thoughts swirled around the many factors that contributed to public opinion, churned at the idea that intentional drugging and attempted rape could be excused by his reputation
Her worry filled the weekend. She fretted over the judgments of her classmates. Yet all the while, she found it impossible to reflect on the incident without considering Gabriel. She had not spoken to him all weekend and wondered whether he had gone to the police department with his father and given his statement.
Standing before her locker on the morning she had dreaded for two days, her hands trembled. Two days and an extra fifteen minutes were not sufficient time to brace herself for unknown and possibly harsh judgment of her fellow students. She fumbled with uncooperative fingers, attempting the combination on the dial of her locker. After several unsuccessful tries, she finally opened it.
As she searched her locker for specific books, she heard footsteps approaching. For a fleeting moment, she wondered whether her body would fit in the narrow locker, if she could closet herself inside until graduation. 
Melissa assumed the impending footfalls belonged to a fellow student in search of juicy gossip. Her knees felt rubbery from nerves as she prepared for the beginning of a day of unending prying. Nevertheless, she stood ready to decline answering any questions. She took a deep breath to calm herself before she closed the door of her locker and simultaneously attempted to balance a stack of textbooks and binders in one arm. But Melissa’s deflection was not necessary. As she looked up from her toppling stack of books, she saw a familiar pair of deep-set, sapphire eyes staring at her. Entranced by the depth of their color, her hands trembled and her mind swirled for a different reason. Her pulse quickened and she felt the warmth of a deep blush spread across her cheeks as the notebooks and hardcovers tumbled from her arm and fell to the floor. 
Gabriel smiled and stooped to help her gather her things. She was relieved to see him rather than a nosey classmate. 
“Oh you don’t have to do that,” she smiled and fumbled as they collected her belongings. “Thanks so much for helping.”
“No problem,” he replied. “You okay?” 
“Um, not really. I’m kind of a mess today as you can see,” she admitted.
“I’m so sorry.”
“I didn’t hear from you this weekend. I mean, I had hoped you’d call me.” Melissa’s blush deepened.
“Yeah, about that, my dad was not too happy about having to go to the police station in the middle of the night.”
Melissa winced. “Oh God!  You helped me and I got you in trouble. Great. Way to go me! Did he ground you?”
Melissa was deeply saddened, to say the very least, and felt responsible for Gabriel’s punishment. She did not intend to get him in trouble, but did. The blame was hers. 
Her insides quaked at the thought of Gabriel being punished for helping her. The fault was hers, yet she was powerless to help him as he had helped her, which got him into trouble first. The irony of the circumstances was unfathomable. 
“According to him, my punishment hasn’t even begun,” Gabriel murmured. 
 “Gabriel, I am so sorry. I mean, the last thing I wanted to do was cause problems for you.”
“He’ll get over it,” Gabriel said offhandedly. “It’s been a long time since he was a teenager.”
Melisa regretted ever agreeing to spend time with Kevin Anderson. Her poor judgment had begun a chain of events with profound consequences, some of which had yet to manifest themselves.
Gabriel opened his mouth to speak but closed it immediately as he turned and saw Kevin approaching. His eyes were bruised and a piece of white tape sat across his swollen nose.
Melissa felt faint and dizzy and feared she would vomit as Kevin advanced. Flanked by his minions, Chris Mace, John DeNardi and Eric Sala, Kevin shot her a withering glance. Gabriel stepped in front of her, positioning himself protectively. 
“Whoa, down boy,” Kevin said sarcastically. “Get a leash for your attack dog, Melissa.”
“What do you want, Kevin?” Melissa asked, struggling to steady her voice.
“I just wanted to thank you for sending the cops to my house Friday night. It gave me the opportunity to tell them my side of the story, you know, the truth.” 
His words were cutting and dripping with hostility. Melissa had been the victim and had truthfulness on her side. But Kevin’s arrogance and anger made him sound as if he had been the one wronged.  She found herself thrown completely off balance.
“Your side of the story?” she wondered aloud.
“Yeah, you know, how you were popping pills at the bonfire and how you and your boyfriend here were drunk and drugged out and jumped me in the woods,” Kevin began.
“What?” Melissa asked incredulously. She was thrown by his accusation, the ridiculousness, the inaccuracy.
He ignored her question and continued. “Of course, I told them the facts after my parents called the family lawyer. Made those flatfoots wait nearly an hour while Alan Shapiro drove up from his estate in Bedford Hills,” he bragged. “In case you’re wondering, yes, it is the same Alan Shapiro that was on the Today show over the summer. He represents celebrities and my family.”
“Get the hell out of here Kevin, now!” Gabriel warned in a low, threatening voice. 
Kevin persisted, disregarding Gabriel’s warning, with his unrelenting speech. Melissa felt her legs threaten to give way beneath her as his monologue was beginning to draw a crowd. 
The group formed with a single student who stood by her locker to be in earshot. Quickly, however, more joined him. 
Incited further by the gathering audience, Kevin carried on. 
“The bullshit story that you spun, Melissa, was something else. I’ll give you credit for that. Me trying to rape you? Please! That is about as obvious as a lie can get!”
Kevin no longer spoke just to her. He was addressing an audience. He was orating, performing. 
“After my parents and my lawyer finished with those cops, they were apologizing to me. And you,” Kevin gestured to Gabriel. “You’ve been here what, two days, and you go to the cops to try to set me up for this piece of white-trash ass?” he accused. “Do you even know who I am? This is my school. I’ve lived here all my life. I am this fucking place.”
Kevin had raised his voice so that he was close to shouting. He began rattling off his accomplishments as if his school resume would somehow validate his story. 
“I’m all-state in football, basketball and wrestling. Teachers love me, my classmates love me,” he boasted. “You think your bullshit statement to the police is going to change anything?  I have a future–college, a great job, money. And where will you go, Melissa?” Kevin directed his attention back to Melissa.  “Maybe you’ll go to community college or maybe you’ll work for you dad at the supermarket stacking bananas for him. Either way you will always be poor white trash.”
Melissa was paralyzed by the ugliness of his words, by his cruelty. Her feet felt immobile, as if weighted by lead boots. Her mind willed her to leave, to get out of the line of fire, but her legs remained inert as his words assailed her. Students circled her and Gabriel. Some whispered, others screwed up their faces and shook their heads in disapproval. Her head began to spin. Panic seized her. But his bitterness was unrelenting.
Kevin’s voice faded in and out as he spoke to Gabriel, “My dad even suggested that I press charges against you, pretty boy.” 
Gabriel ignored Kevin. Instead, he focused on her and her deteriorating condition. 
“I’ll deal with you another time,” Gabriel threatened through clenched teeth. “And I promise you’ll have more than a broken nose next time.”
Melissa could not distinguish one menacing face from the next, they melded together to form a unified, nightmarish image. The animosity of the horde was palpable, their ill will clear. Gabriel wrapped his hand around hers and pulled her toward him before pressing through the crowd. 
As the two pushed passed the perimeter of students, Melissa’s legs lightened and she quickened her pace from a brisk walk to a jog. Shoving open the metal exit door, they stepped into the rear parking lot. 
Immediately, Melissa and Gabriel were bathed in golden light. The brilliance of the day was a stark contrast to the darkness that lurked in the confines of the school building. Blinded briefly, they had to squint to locate Gabriel’s SUV. 
After their eyes adjusted from the gloom of the school to the lustrous glow outside, Gabriel found his car. He quickly opened the passenger side door for Melissa then climbed in and turned the key in the ignition. The SUV roared to life.  He depressed the gas pedal and the two left the campus of Harbingers High School.
The abundant sunshine had warmed the leather interior of the vehicle but Melissa still felt cold inside. She wrapped her arms around her body to combat the chill. Gabriel, attuned to her need, turned on the heater. She felt drained by what had happened at the school. She could not summon the energy to speak. Instead, she tipped her head back on the headrest and gazed into the intense sunlight. Melissa and Gabriel drove in silence to the entrance of Interstate 29. 
Gabriel broke the silence and spoke first. “Hey, don’t let that dirtbag get to you Melissa.”
“Huh, too late for that,” Melissa replied sadly.
“I’m serious. That guy is scum. Everyone will see that.”
Melissa turned to face Gabriel, saw how his golden skin glowed in the sunlight. 
“You were there. You saw how those vultures gathered around us to get a front row seat. They don’t care if Kevin is scum or not. He’s Kevin Anderson. Every girl wants to date him and every guy wants to be him.” 
She felt her sadness quickly being replaced by anger.
“This will pass,” Gabriel assured her.  “I promise you. Kevin had his five minutes to strut around. This will blow over. It’ll just take some time.”
“I can’t imagine that happening,” Melissa said dejectedly. “Where are we headed?”
“Honestly, I have no idea. But I have a full tank of gas and six and a half hours for us to decide. I’ll just drive until you tell me to stop, okay?”
Melissa and Gabriel continued westbound on Interstate 29. They crossed a river and traveled across three entire counties. Just before leaving the state, the roadway crested at 1,275 feet, its highest elevation. Scenic overlooks occupied the right-hand shoulder and offered an expansive view. 
“Can we stop here?” Melissa asked, pointing to a service area that bore a sign boasting a scenic view.
“Sure,” Gabriel answered as he directed the Explorer to the rest stop.
Once the car had stopped, Gabriel turned the engine off and they both climbed out of the Explorer and stretched.
The sky was scrubbed clean and was a clear, rich cobalt blue. Unfiltered sunshine lit the fall foliage on the rolling hills of the valley. Shades of red, yellow and orange highlighted the treetops. The view lived up to its title.  It was scenic and filled with vibrant colors and lush greenery. 
Picnic tables had been placed on the grass and a small building stood to the side.  Along the wall of the building, various vending machines had been stocked with drinks and snacks. Passing one such dispenser, Gabriel bought two bottles of water and two bags of pretzels. He offered one of each to Melissa as they ambled along the grassy space and found a picnic bench to sit at. 
Looking out at the breathtaking view, Melissa spoke.
“Thank you for getting me out of there. I couldn’t take much more.”
“No problem. I would have liked to have crushed Kevin’s face in.”
“You wouldn’t have gotten an argument from me,” Melissa joked.
 “I would’ve liked to knock him around for what he said about me being poor white trash,” she continued. “I mean, everything he was spouting was total bull! Just because I am not living in the biggest house in Harbingers doesn’t make me poor or trash.” 
Melissa turned a deep crimson. 
“And so what if I can’t afford to actually go to the schools I apply to. There’s no shame in working and going to community college. Last I checked a college credit is a college credit. I can get my Associate’s degree and transfer to a four-year school.”
“I’m so pissed that Kevin got to you like this. That jerk succeeded in making you feel bad. He wanted to make you feel small and ashamed, and he did,” Gabriel fumed. “It wasn’t enough for him to smack you around and try to force himself on you, now he’s going to make up lies and try to turn people against you and try to humiliate you? No way! I won’t have it. This will end. I’ll see to it myself if I have to.”
Warmed by Gabriel’s passionate rant, Melissa found her mood lightening slightly. She was reminded that she had skipped school, however, and decided that she should call her father.
“Gabriel, I need to call my dad.  Do you mind if I go back to the car?”
“Here are the keys. Take your time.”
“Thanks.”
Melissa returned to Gabriel’s SUV and called her father. She knew that he would worry if the school attendance office called asking where she was. He would call home and find her not there either. Then he would really be upset. Melissa wanted to spare her father any unnecessary anxiety, so she called him and told him exactly what had happened.  Honesty proved the right decision as her dad shocked her by telling her he’d phone the attendance office and tell them she was ill. 
Never one to lie, Melissa knew her father to be a man who prided himself on being honest. His willingness to fib, as perplexing as it was, was intended to be a show of unity. He was communicating his support for her, and she appreciated it.
Relieved and pleasantly surprised, Melissa joined Gabriel at the picnic table. 
“Is everything okay?” Gabriel asked.
“Amazingly, yes,” Melissa answered. “I told my dad I ditched school and why. I told him I was out here with you and instead of freaking out he called me in sick at school. I have the whole day. Go figure.”
“Wow. You’re lucky. If I called home and told my dad that I cut school and took off, I’d be a dead man,” Gabriel confided.
“I know what you’re saying. I mean, my dad used to be really strict like that. But lately, I don’t know,” she paused to ponder her dad’s recent behavior. “He’s changed. And after what happened this weekend I totally expected him to, like, lock me in the basement or something. But he didn’t. Instead, he’s been sympathetic and nice.”
“It sounds like he loves you and respects you. He wants to take care of you, make things easier for you.”
“He’s always had good intentions, don’t get me wrong. He’s just never gone about it like he is now.”
“That’s good. I wish I had a dad like that.” 
Melissa considered the weight of Gabriel’s words. She had often thought of her tiny family of two in terms of what, or who, it lacked. After all, her mother was dead and she had no sisters or brothers. Her continual emphasis on the negative points of her life had blinded her to all that was positive.  She had never bothered to concentrate on how very fortunate she was to have a strong and loving father and an extended family; to have grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins–a brood of people who loved her and she loved in return. Nearly every facet of life centered on family. Family was the core of her existence. 
As she thought about her many blessings, she glanced at Gabriel who looked lost in thought. She stared at him, enjoyed the perfection of his profile. With every feature highlighted by golden sunlight, he appeared angelic, divine.  She watched as he peered out at the spectacular landscape before him deeply deliberating, distant from their destination. 
“Hey. Where’d you go?” she asked.
Suddenly, Gabriel’s eyes were upon her as he returned from his daydream. Puzzled, he responded. “Huh?”
“You were, like, elsewhere a minute ago. Your eyes glazed over. I mean, you seemed kind of lost in thought. What were you thinking about?” Melissa reddened at her bold questioning.
“I was just thinking about family and stuff like that,” he admitted.
“You live with your dad, right?”
“Yep.”
“Do you have any other relatives in the United States?”
“Not that I know of.”
“Seriously? No crazy aunts that wear a pile of lipstick and still pinch your cheeks even though you’re seventeen?”
“Nope. None of those.”
“How about an uncle who farts at the dinner table and tries to blame a dog you don’t even have?”
“Can’t say I have any of those either.”
“Wow. So what do you do for the holidays? I mean, Thanksgiving is in a couple of weeks, where will you go?”
“My dad does not observe Thanksgiving, or any other holidays for that matter.”
This piece of information left Melissa reeling. Her brow furrowed as she considered Gabriel’s earthly existence without holiday celebrations of any kind. Such a world seemed bleak and empty and inconceivable.  She gave her next idea little thought as overthinking it would only invite self-doubt. Brightening, she asserted “It’s settled then. You will celebrate Thanksgiving with me and my dad. I won’t take no for an answer. You’ll get to meet all my cousins and my Aunt Lorrie who wears like, a tube of pink lipstick and pinches my cheeks and my Uncle Steve who is going through a midlife crisis complete with a wig and a sports car and oh, there’s my Uncle Jack who passes gas at the dinner table and tries to blame the dog.” 
She paused and looked levelly at Gabriel before saying, “Gabriel, we don’t have a dog.”
At that, Gabriel laughed out loud. He couldn’t seem to stop himself. Fueled by his laughter, she continued.
“You don’t know what you’re in for.  Just wait till they all start sharing stories about their childhood. My nana chimes in after a glass of chardonnay and inevitably curses which gets everyone behaving like rioting monkeys.”
Gabriel doubled over, laughing uncontrollably. She had never heard him laugh before and was enjoying the sound of it.
Gasping for breath, Gabriel managed, “I would be honored to spend Thanksgiving with the rioting monkeys.” 
Delighted by his acceptance of her invitation and by his infectious laughter, Melissa’s mood soared. She subtly edged closer to him. Her leg brushed his. Gabriel tensed at the contact. Melissa, sensing his tension moved away. 
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“For what?”
“For, you know, getting too close. It never occurred to me that you might be gay.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“You know homosexual?”
“Where would you get an idea like that?”
Melissa’s cheeks reddened to scarlet. “Well. You know,” she fumbled. “I mean, when I just scooted closer to you and our legs touched, you stiffened, like you were uncomfortable. And the other night, you also tensed up when I kissed you on the cheek.”
“I am not gay.”
“Really? You like girls? I’m cool if you don’t, you know. No judgment,” Melissa added “I’m not going to lie, I’d be disappointed for other reasons but I wouldn’t, like, stop being your friend or anything.”
“Honestly I’m not gay.”
“So you like girls?”
“I don’t like girls.”
“Oh?”
“Nope.”
“Gabriel, I’m confused.”
“I don’t like girls, just one in particular.”
Crestfallen, Melissa weighed the next question she wanted to ask but was uncertain whether or not she wanted to hear the answer.
“Is it Alexandra? I mean, I understand if it is. She’s so pretty. Every guy drools over her.”
“No. It’s not Alexandra.”
“A cheerleader?” Melissa asked and thought she’d choke if he said yes.
“Definitely no.”
Taking a deep breath, Melissa brazenly asked “May I ask who it is then?”
“Melissa, it’s you. I like you, a lot.”
Melissa felt her breath catch in her chest and the heat of a rosy glow burn her cheeks. Her entire body fluttered with joy.
This time it was Gabriel who inched closer. Sitting on the wooden picnic table with their feet resting on the bench, their legs touched. Neither tensed nor attempted to move away.
“Just to let you know, I am nothing like Kevin,” Gabriel said gently.
“No, you certainly are not like Kevin,” Melissa agreed.
“I don’t think you understand what I’m saying. I don’t have the same familiarities he has.”
Confused, Melissa asked, “What, like his social circles or his athletic involvement or something?”
“Not exactly.”
“What? You mean his experience with the ladies?” Melissa quipped.
“I guess you could say that.”
“So you have no moves?” Melissa teased.
Laughing, Gabriel answered, “Nope. Not one.”
“That’s good to know. I mean, I don’t have any, either,” Melissa admitted. “In fact, if awkwardness were an Olympic event, I’d be a gold medalist.”
Melissa giggled, but Gabriel did not. Apparently, he did not find her awkward. He looked at her, intensely and with profound sincerity, as if he found her to be anything but. After a brief, mutual gaze, they continued talking. They broached many topics, many of which involved their hopes after graduation, the future. 
Melissa had never talked so easily with a boy. Gabriel was different. He was a good listener and participated when she spoke by asking relevant questions, offering his opinions and laughing often. He seemed honest and at times refreshingly as nervous as she was. One conversation spawned another, and then another. They talked and talked, each discussion was fluid, effortless.  The only way she knew that time had passed was when she felt the sun beating down atop her head.  She guessed it was lunchtime.
Hours had passed effortlessly with Gabriel, hours that would have been interminable if spent at school. Unaware that he had continued watching her, Melissa looked down and found herself face to face with Gabriel. She desperately wanted to lean in and kiss him on his full lips. But to her chagrin, his lips parted and began speaking.
“Are you hungry?” he asked.
“Starving,” Melissa answered.
“Want to get back on the highway and find a place to eat?”
“Sure, sounds good to me.”
Gabriel and Melissa walked back to his SUV. He opened her door and let her in, then got into the driver’s seat. They reentered Interstate 29 and headed westward.
The highway led them into Charming, the last exit before leaving the state.  Spotting a McDonald’s restaurant, Gabriel and Melissa decided it would be their destination for lunch. They pulled off the exit and into the parking lot of the fast-food restaurant. 
Gabriel came around and opened the door for her. Each time he did this, she felt warmth within her as it was not merely a courteous gesture, but one that he performed without pretense. 
They went to the counter and bought their burgers, fries and drinks and selected a booth in the far corner of the dining area. The lunchtime rush was in full swing and the place was filled with customers, many of whom slowed to look at Gabriel. Certain that they were among a celebrity of some sort, passersby stopped to gawk and stare. Some whispered and glanced subtly while one went as far as fumbling for her cell phone to snap a picture of him. 
Melissa studied Gabriel’s reaction to the attention. She thought that while many teens with inflated egos like Kevin would have loved the absurd flattery, Gabriel was not amused in the least. He seemed completely unaware of his exceptional good looks and the effect he had on people. Moreover, he seemed nervous and uncomfortable and asked her if she were okay with them leaving. 
She agreed to take their food to go and they left.  This time, they headed eastbound on Interstate 29. The drive home would take them about an hour, just in time for Gabriel to return home without arising suspicion from his dad. So they ate while he drove.
After finishing their food and drinks, Melissa packed up the trash and stuffed it in the bag it had come in. She would throw it away at home and leave no evidence behind for Gabriel’s father to find. She would not risk causing another argument between him and his dad that could result in further punishment.  She’d done enough harm already.
As they continued along the highway, Melissa couldn’t help but mention how people had stared back at the restaurant. She had never seen such a spectacle firsthand, much less been indirectly part of it. 
“That was weird back there. Does that happen to you a lot?” Melissa asked.
“No. That was the first time. It was really bizarre. I felt like a fish in a fishbowl.”
“Maybe there’s some ‘it’ guy in a gossip magazine that looks just like you or something.”
“It’s possible. Those guys seem to be a dime a dozen.”
“I mean, people were staring at you, and one girl even took a picture with her phone. Weird.”
Gabriel appeared uneasy with their conversation. She wondered if the brand of handsomeness he was blessed with was commonplace in the Russian Far East and that such gawking was absurd. She found herself speculating that perhaps he was a celebrity overseas and came to the states to escape the paparazzi. She knew it was a farfetched theory, especially since Gabriel seemed far too well-adjusted to be a famous person of any sort. He had neither a shred of arrogance nor an overinflated sense of self-importance, two components she deemed synonymous with celebrity. He offered his estimation, interrupting her wild guesswork.
“You’re probably onto something with your ‘it’ guy theory. We’ll have to do some research and scour not only the gossip magazines but the gossip shows, too,” he joked.
“I think I’d rather have algebra homework.” She paused a moment then added, “Besides, I’ve tweaked my theory. I think maybe you’re the cutest guy they’ve seen in a while and in our celebrity-obsessed society, they figured you must be somebody, even if they didn’t know who, and they didn’t want to miss an opportunity to be like the paparazzi.” 
Melissa blushed after blurting out that she found Gabriel attractive. She turned to look out the window so he would not see her embarrassment at her admission.
“That’s interesting,” Gabriel replied as he slid his hand over and offered it to Melissa. With butterflies storming in her belly, Melissa accepted his hand and held it the rest of the way home.
She struggled to contain the excitement that bubbled within her. She smiled continuously until her face ached as the Explorer navigated Interstate 29 to Harbingers Falls. Sadness enveloped her fully as Gabriel turned off Route 9 and onto Cornwall Road. From there he drove to Top Hill Road and her heart sank even further when he turned onto Blackstone Drive signifying the end of their afternoon together.
She was back in reality where school and Kevin Anderson awaited her the next day. As if sensing her anxiety, Gabriel gave her hand a gentle squeeze when he pulled into her driveway. 
“I guess I’ll see you tomorrow at school,” she said softly and released his hand.
“Can I pick you up for school?” he asked.
Brightening, she said, “Sure!”
“Great. I’ll pick you up at 6:00,” he said enthusiastically. 
Laughing, she said, “Yeah, umm, that’s a little early.”
“I know it is,” he said and lowered his eyes to his lap.  “It’s just that, I, well, I just want to be with you.”
For a moment, Melissa wondered whether she’d heard him correctly.  Surely, he couldn’t have just said he wanted to be with her straightaway.  Boys were never that honest, or that sweet.  They played games and delayed calling after dates. They never flat-out said what they felt.
“Do you want to be with me, too?” Gabriel asked nervously and his words set her heart pounding madly against her ribs.  Her mouth went dry and she could not catch her breath.  She feared she would hyperventilate. 
When finally her breathing steadied enough for her to speak, she said, “I want to be with you, too.”
Gabriel’s glorious features brightened.  “How about six forty-five?” he asked.  “I’ll tell my dad I’m doing something school related. I’ll be creative.”
“That sounds great,” Melissa said as her pulse accelerated wildly once more.
“See you tomorrow morning,” he said and seemed as reluctant to leave as she felt about him leaving.
“See you tomorrow,” Melissa she said and echoed his words.
Every cell in her body screamed at once, urging her to reach across the console and wrap her arms around Gabriel’s broad shoulders. She wished she were forward enough to do it, wished her cheeks didn’t blaze at the mere thought of it.  But she was who she was, and she did not dare act on the impulse. Besides, she did not want to risk ruining whatever was developing between them. So she waited as he walked around to the passenger side of his car and opened the door for her.  He said good-bye to her and watched as she slowly walked up the stone pathway to her front door. As she watched him wave then drive away, she realized that six forty-five could not come soon enough.

Chapter 18

Melissa shut the front door then rushed to the kitchen window and peeked out it.  She made it just in time to see the tail end of Gabriel’s truck disappear.  Seeing him go generated a pang of sadness so powerful, it radiated throughout her entire being.  She missed him, plain and simple, and would have to wait more than twelve hours to see him again.  Twelve hours seemed like eternity.  She needed to find a way to pass the time.  She needed to busy herself.  
She slung her backpack over the back of a kitchen chair and set about inspecting the house, intent on finding a distraction. Loads of laundry needed to be done, the dishwasher needed to be filled and run and the floors looked as though they could stand to be swept and mopped. 
She busied herself with housework that took far too little time to complete. Before long, she found herself wandering to the family room at the rear of the house.
Each time she entered the room, she felt a blend of equal parts relief and grief. The room had been her mother’s favorite. Added when Melissa was three, it had not been part of the original construct. It was a playroom during Melissa’s earlier years and was now a cozy TV room. 
Her mother, Jennifer Martin, influenced every article of the room. Her image gazed out from framed photographs that filled the interior wall and offered the story of a happy family of three. Such pictures comforted Melissa on most days but pained her on others. 
In this particular room, her mother still existed. The happy family was still intact, even if only in pictures. It was as if the cancer had never claimed her mother.
Growing up she imagined her mother looked out beyond the glass, past the void and into the room. She dreamed that her mother lived beyond her grasp but still in sight. As she grew to be a teenager, such notions were abandoned and replaced with the bitter truth: the photographs held no cosmic magic. They did not exist as a portal between two worlds. They were simply representations of the past.
She stepped into the family room. Her feet were immediately greeted by thick, plush carpeting that cushioned her every step. She looked about the space. Long and rectangular and decorated in various shades of brown, the room ran the length of the house. 
She moved past the entryway, each tread protected and supported by the plush carpet.  Selected by her mother, the tan carpet maintained near-new quality. Her mother lovingly deep-cleaned them regularly to keep them clean for her daughter and to uphold the best possible appearance of the fibers. 
The carpet, nearly fourteen years old, was still meticulously maintained by her father who believed that preserving his late wife’s routine preserved her presence. 
And preserve it he did as Melissa’s mother even existed in the furniture that outfitted the room. An inviting leather sectional, selected before her death, still occupied the far-right corner of the room and was positioned in front of their forty-inch plasma screen television.  
Along the internal wall where the television stood and the photographs hung, a simple, inexpensive desk resided. The cherry wood stained table was two tiered and wobbled dangerously. It housed the family computer. Though different from the computer her mother had sat at while earning her Associate’s Degree online, the current model closely resembled the former.
The shaky bureau, assembled by her father, had endured countless wallops. Many nights of frustrating Internet poker tournaments provided ample opportunities for him to whack, bang and smash his hand against it adding to its instability. Fortunately, a sleek laptop computer served as a portable workstation and homework center for Melissa as opposed to the sad, sagging desk.
Passing the desk and pausing to study her mother’s smiling face frozen in time and preserved by a simple wooden frame, Melissa sat on the welcoming sofa. Enveloped in the soft folds of its fibers, she relaxed. After locating the remote control, she turned on the television.  But just as she positioned herself in the cushions, her cell phone sounded and indicated that a message awaited her. 
She sprang from her snug spot and jogged to the kitchen.  Her phone sat atop the counter. She touched an icon on the screen and was brought to a message. I miss you was all it said. The sender’s number was Gabriel’s cell phone. She smiled and was struck by how three simple terms wielded such enormous power. Her mood lightened significantly.  She smiled broadly and returned to her niche on the couch. 
After an hour of staring vacantly at the television screen but not actually watching anything in particular, she turned her attention to preparing dinner. But whether attempting to view a program on television or getting dinner started, Melissa struggled to concentrate. Her mind wandered and drifted from whatever task was at hand and found its way to Gabriel. The mere thought of his name sent shivers racing across her skin and a smile tugging the corners of her mouth. She had never been so preoccupied with a boy. She prided herself on not being the type of girl who sat through class, lost in a daydream, doodling hearts with the name of a boy at each center.  Yet now, she stood with a package of chicken in one hand and the refrigerator door ajar, fantasizing about Gabriel. 
She blinked several times, tried to erase his image from her mind long enough to get dinner started. But halfway through her process, the familiar rumble of the automatic garage door opening distracted her.  The garage door opening meant that her father was home from work.
Her father held the position of produce manager at the Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company more commonly known as the A&P Supermarket in the neighboring town of Hartwell Cross. His commute was a mere seven minutes from home which allowed him to return from work shortly after her. Predictably, the door opposite the small half bathroom in the short corridor off the main hallway opened and her dad’s footsteps could be heard advancing toward the kitchen.
“Hey Dad,” Melissa called out “Take your shoes off please. I cleaned today.”
“Hey Miss,” he answered. “Already did.”
Melissa could hear her father fumbling and muttering in the hallway immediately followed by the sound of a work boot hitting the floor then another.
“Thank you,” she called out letting him know she was aware of his shoe transgression.
She smiled as she ribbed him. Her father was a hardworking man. Each day he came home after a nine-hour shift dirty and tired. Such was his routine six days a week. This day was no different.  
He came into the kitchen with socked feet holding the mail in one hand and a stainless-steel coffee thermos in the other. His black uniform sweater was littered with stickers from various fruits and vegetables and his pants had patches where mud had caked to them.
“Fried chicken with rice and broccoli sound good?” Melissa inquired though she knew it was her father’s favorite meal.
“Sounds great,” he responded as he dropped his coffee mug and a stack of bills and sale circulars atop the counter. “So? Did your day get any better?”
“Oh yeah,” Melissa responded and couldn’t refrain from grinning as she spoke.
Her father looked worried. He furrowed his brow and asked, “Not too good I hope.”
Blushing, Melissa protested, “No dad. It was nothing like that. Gabriel and I just drove and drove.  We drove all the way to the state line, had McDonalds and came back.”
“McDonald’s huh. That’s all?” her father probed.  He narrowed his gray eyes and studied her face.
“I promise, Dad. We stopped at a scenic rest stop place. We sat on a picnic bench and talked.”
She left out the part when Gabriel professed his feelings for her and held her hand. Such details would be unwise to share with her overprotective father. 
“That Gabriel kid seems all right. Not like that piece of crap Kevin Anderson. I’d like to kick his teeth down his arrogant throat. “Christopher fumed.
“Me, too,” she agreed. “If you could’ve seen him today, I mean, arrogant doesn’t even begin to describe him. He was beyond obnoxious. He was cruel, trying to shame me.”
“Shame you? You didn’t mention that on the phone this morning. What was he trying to shame you about?”
“Nothing Dad, really,” Melissa lied. 
Although she was generally against lying, she felt obliged to spare her father’s feelings. She knew he felt no shame in going to work daily, that he never regarded his job as menial or embarrassing. He did not love it by any means, but was a practical man who viewed his job as a means to an end. His job neither defined him nor limited him. But hearing the blatant insults of a pompous teenage boy might give him pause. Melissa would not risk opening the door of uncertainty for her father.
But he stood before her, scrutinizing her expression. She did not want to disgrace him with the cruelty of Kevin’s words, but she was a lousy liar. She felt the warmth of truth spread across her cheeks as she tried to avoid direct eye contact with her father. 
“Melissa, I can look at your face and tell that you’re lying. Now what the hell else did he say?” Her father demanded.
“He just, well, he just said stuff about where you work and how I’d end up working part time for you and going to community college, if I were lucky. Like that’s somehow a bad thing.” 
Her father folded his arms across his broad chest and grew silent. Her stomach clenched and churned simultaneously. She had dishonored her father. And though it had not been intentional, indirect, in fact, Melissa hated herself for it. She damned Kevin under her breath before weighing in with her thoughts. 
“Dad, I am not ashamed of where you work. Your job supported me and mom when I was little and supports me just fine now,” she said. “He’s the jerk who should be ashamed of what he did to me and what he would have done had Gabriel not been where he was when he was.”
Melissa watched how the mere mention of her mother caused her dad’s eyes to moisten. In the days, months and years that followed her mother’s death, sadness was her father’s constant companion. It had slipped in and replaced his wife. She knew then that depression bore down on him with a mighty heft. She heard him explain to his mother, her grandmother, that breathing was an effort, getting up and facing each day, a challenge.  She never wanted to contribute to all that burdened him. 
She saw how being brought back to a time, even briefly, when his wife was alive made breathing difficult again. She hated being responsible for that.
After he took a moment and collected himself, the sentiment passed and he rejoined their conversation.
“I could kill the bastard!” he said through gritted teeth.
“I know, I know.”
“To think that what you told me on the phone earlier,” he began. “About how he and his fancy-ass lawyers have cooked up some story about you being a pill popper and conspiring with a guy who’s lived here for what, a week, is crazy. It’s just plain crazy.”
“I know. The worst part is, because he and his family are who they are, people will believe them.”
“Some people, Melissa. Damn stupid people if you ask me.”
“Yeah, but a lot of kids at school were paying attention when he was talking, like a bunch of sheep. It’s pretty obvious he’s going to make my life there a nightmare.”
“Well, we’ll figure out a way to fight back. We’re not going to let these rich pieces of crap get the best of us. Besides, we have the truth on our side and DNA. We’ll fight.”
In the moments that she was verbally attacked by Kevin, Melissa had forgotten the forensic aspect of the case and that he had been charged with a crime, not her. 
She considered how, in his hubris, Kevin had pranced and pleaded his case in front of a jury of easily influenced teenagers. He could argue that her injuries had been sustained as he fought against her and Gabriel, that they’d been the attackers. After all, he had a more battered face than she did. But none of that mattered in a court of law. Everything Kevin was attempting to do was for the benefit of onlookers in the court of public opinion, which in this case, were his parents and his peers. Eventually, the students at Harbingers High School, and perhaps even Kevin’s parents, would be forced to accept the ugly truth about him. He was a monster.
Melissa’s father scanned the mail while she contemplated her predicament. Their thoughtful and mutual silence was interrupted by his words.
“Melissa, I’m sorry I can’t afford to send you to the colleges you deserve to go to,” he said self-consciously, not looking up from the papers he held.
She realized then that Kevin had managed to spread his poisonous words and infect her father’s self-esteem and undermine his ability to provide properly for his only child. Her hatred for Kevin deepened. She did not think it possible.  But now, she loathed him with every cell in her body. He had hurt her father, a good and decent man she adored.   
Melissa turned from the chicken she was breading. 
“Forget that, Dad! You have nothing to feel guilty about,” she declared. “You’ve always taken good care of me and been a good father. College credits are college credits. Don’t let what that jackass Kevin said get in your head. The Andersons, they should be ashamed of the monster they created!”
Considering her last point, her father looked up and met her eyes and said, “Huh” before he walked to the counter where her hands worked to bread chicken tenders and kissed the top of her head. 
“I guess I have lots to be proud of,” he said. “Look what I’ve created.”
He then turned and walked out of the kitchen and ascended the steep staircase.

Chapter 19

Night had fallen in Harbingers Falls. The India-ink sky was dappled with stars that seemed to float rather than remain fixed, as if humming and buzzing with nervous energy.  The stars mimicked the way Gabriel felt. He no longer felt part of the canvas he’d been created upon.  He no longer felt a part of his maker’s plan. In fact, every part of him felt disconnected from the house he lived in and his existence with Terzini. All he could think about was his new life, and the new relationship developing between him and Melissa.
Melissa.  Her name whispered through him and made his stomach flutter.  Sitting on the edge of his full-sized bed staring out into the indigo abyss, he struggled to remain still. Excitement pulsated within him. Spending an entire afternoon with Melissa, talking with her, eating with her, holding her hand, had left him invigorated, enlivened. He felt a sense of drunken euphoria he had only read about. But alcohol was not responsible for the way he felt. Melissa was. It was all her.
Melissa had awakened something in him that he had been devoid of, something he never knew he was capable of experiencing. The inebriating thrill was not accurately described in the written word, nor was it correctly portrayed in movies. It was so much more. He closed his eyes and pictured every feature of her face: her pellucid green eyes, her delicate nose and full lips and her hair, like liquid copper, spilling over her shoulders and down her back. He envisioned her smiling and laughing as she so easily and often did. He could almost hear the sound, pleasant and charming. 
But it was not just her outward appearance that enthralled him, though it did personify her greatest attribute. Melissa had a quality that transcended her looks. She had grace. Gabriel believed her grace to be where her truest power rested; she was the embodiment of grace. Every facet of her personality seemed effortless, fluid. And while she did not seem aware of this gift, he was.  Even under duress, she managed to maintain a sense of decency and dignity. In his eyes, she was the kind of girl that moved artists to create and writers to write. He wondered what attracted her to him. After all, he knew what he was.
Thoughts of his creation, the implications of it, spun like a never-ending wheel in his brain. It was nothing new.  He wondered since his first days. But his previous thoughts had been less personal than they were now.
As he sat awake in his bed, his creation, the method by which he’d come to be, troubled him again. In the dark recesses of his mind a question had arisen and nagged at him unendingly. He had pondered it often, but it had taken on new meaning now that Melissa had entered his life and awoken feelings in him, feelings he was not supposed to have. He wondered whether he was, in fact, human. 
Gabriel knew he was not like other humans beings. He was fashioned from superior DNA, designed to be free of all human sentiment as his creator believed that sentiments were responsible for all the ills of society. 
He was not the product of a man and woman uniting their genetic material. He was not born of love or lust or anger or violence. Gabriel had been manufactured by a selective process. His chromosomal components had been handpicked, chosen for supreme function not by God, but by the geneticist Dr. Franklin Terzini. Terzini’s genius constructed him to reject conventional sentiment and, instead, use the area of his brain that was used by most human beings for setting their emotional state for higher cognitive function.
For most of his existence, he believed that his maker had succeeded, that what other scientists and geneticists could only conceive of, Terzini had attained. Gabriel had grown and absorbed knowledge at a much faster rate than the most advanced human being. His creator had documented every milestone of his development. He had read every record for himself. He knew of his many feats and cerebral prowess. Included in every file was his inability to exhibit any form of emotion despite being provided with ample stimuli. 
His maker had been thorough in his experimentation. Gabriel had been exposed to every literary genre available – poetry, novels, short stories, and plays – all by authors who employed various tones, styles and lengths for their material and covered a wide range of subjects. None of the works had generated an emotional response of any kind. 
His exposure did not stop with literary heavyweights. He was given religious reading material as well. He had been provided with the Holy Bible, the Qur’an, the Torah, the Vedas, the book of Mormon, the Guru Granth Sahib, the Avesta, the Zhuan Falun and various books by L. Ron Hubbard, author of Dianetics and founder of the Church of Scientology. Religious conviction did not sway him either. In truth, they confused him further.
Each work spoke of a spiritual essence of a person, a soul. Supported by the world’s greatest thinkers including Aristotle and Plato, the soul had been presented as the personification of a being. It had been believed to directly affect one’s earthly actions and was thought to function as the guiding force behind one’s thinking, emotions, memory, desires and will.
This idea of a soul was the antithesis of what Terzini had taught him. His maker had instilled in Gabriel the uselessness of emotions and the baseness of desires.
Until recently, he found himself without reason to disagree. History indicated that countless atrocities had been committed, wars had been waged, all in the name of religion, politics and greed and all fueled by impassioned people. So moved were these groups, so convinced of their righteousness that each clung vehemently to their convictions despite the loss of human lives. Before he’d met Melissa, Gabriel had embraced his maker’s philosophy, despite being perplexed by the mystery and mysticism surrounding the soul of a human being, what it means to truly be human. Now, however, he challenged the concept of his creator’s core thesis. He was confronted with the possibility that Dr. Terzini was a sanctimonious madman hell-bent on transforming the human populace into an emotionless, utopian society.
The significance of such a dilemma weighed heavily on Gabriel. He allowed himself to fall back on his bed. When he did, his mind reverted to thoughts of Melissa. He felt very human. He felt moved by vastly human forces in him that superseded the teachings of his maker. 
Against Terzini’s revolutionary developments and techniques, and despite his preaching, emotions had evolved in Gabriel. Though unexpected, they had emerged and developed as rapidly as he absorbed, processed and retained information. He reasoned that this progression of sentiment was inherent in human beings, not mere creations. Yet despite such rationalization, he viewed himself as a monster. How he’d come into existence shamed him. 
Cupping his head in his hands, he agonized over his existence, whether he was human. Flooded with uncertainty, he began to wonder whether Melissa, too, would see him as a monster if she were made aware of the truth. Entertaining the notion of her not just rejecting him, but repelling him, caused an ache in his chest so profound it caused him to wince aloud. He could not bear the thought of her eyes on him disapprovingly, disdainfully, with disgust.
He sat upright and rose to his feet. He walked across his room to his bureau and retrieved his cell phone.
Without hesitation, he dialed Melissa’s cell-phone number. 
The phone rang just two times then suddenly her voice was on the other end. He had not concocted an excuse for calling, especially this late in the evening.
“Hello?” asked the melodious voice on the other end.
“Hi Melissa,” he said nervously.  “Um, it’s Gabriel.”
“Oh. Hi Gabriel,” Melissa answered. The tone of her voice suggested that she was smiling. “What’s up? Is everything okay?”
“Uh, not much.  I was just, you know, uh, here in my room, uh thinking about stuff…you,” he said and hated how idiotic he sounded.  He was slobbering all over a call he had made impulsively.  He wished he would have thought it through. 
“Oh,” she said and he could not gauge her tone.
He swallowed hard and took a deep breath then blurted, “I’m not going to lie. I just needed to hear your voice. I’m sorry for calling so late. I was just sitting here thinking and I wanted to hear the sound of your voice.”
A moment of silence hung heavy in the air.
“I’ll let you go,” he said and felt so foolish for calling, his cheeks blazed with embarrassment.
“No, don’t go!” she said quickly and his heart skipped a beat.  “And don’t be sorry either. It’s not too late to call. I mean, I wasn’t sleeping or anything. I’m glad you called.”
“You are?” he said and his stomach flip-flopped.
“Yeah, I was sitting here thinking about you, too, actually.”
Gabriel closed his eyes and savored the new and exhilarating feelings flickering through every part of him. He was hot and cold at the same time, dizzy and nauseous yet he could not stop smiling. 
“I had a good time today,” Melissa continued. “I mean, except for that whole Kevin thing and the fact that everyone at school hates me now.”
“No one at school hates you,” he reassured her and felt his smile droop.
“I don’t know about that. I’m pretty sure Kevin and his friends would disagree with you on that one,” she teased and the fact that she was attempting to joke about it reinforced his belief that grace was her finest attribute.
“I guess you got me on that one,” he laughed softly. “But seriously, don’t worry about those guys. I won’t let them give you a hard time. I promise. And as far as the rest of them are concerned,” he continued, “anyone who is dumb enough to go along with that ridiculous story Kevin is spinning, doesn’t deserve a second thought. They’ll forget about this as soon as the next drama unfolds.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. I just can’t help but feel nervous about tomorrow,” she began. Hearing that she was worried made his heart clench. “I mean, I appreciate that you want to stick up for me, and I’ve seen you in action. But I have to deal with this on my own. You’re not in all my classes. You know?”
He understood and respected that she wanted to be able to get a handle on the situation with Kevin and the vicious rumors he was circulating, but he felt an inherent need to protect her. He could not explain it; just felt that she needed protection. He struggled to suppress the anger that mounted within him at the actuality of what had happened, the brutality that Kevin had perpetrated against her, and the cruelty he continued to perpetrate.
Swallowing the bitter rise of rage, he said, “I know. But I am always a call away. If you need me at any point during the day, just hit the send button on your phone and I’m there, no matter what. I won’t let him hurt you again.”
She seemed to understand the gravity of what he was saying. She responded with a solemn, “I believe you, and thank you.”
“Listen why don’t we do something this weekend?” he said and shifted their conversation. “We should go out, you know, on a date.” Gabriel heard the words come out of his mouth without thinking them through. He hoped he wasn’t being presumptuous.
“I’d love to, but I thought you were grounded. I mean, didn’t your dad freak out about the Kevin thing?”
Gabriel breathed a silent sigh of relief after hearing her say she wanted to spend more time with him.
“He did, but there’s always a way around things,” he said. “We have a few days. In the meantime, I’ll try to figure out a way for us to do this. The only problem is my car. He always knows when I’ve used it.”
“Maybe we can enlist some help from Alexandra or Daniella,” she suggested.
“They would do something like that for you?”
“Well, yeah. I guess. I mean, they’re like sisters to me. We would do anything for each other. So, it couldn’t hurt to ask, right?”
 “Sure, why not.”
Infused with hope and inspired by courage born of optimism and deep emotions, he felt compelled to share his true feelings with Melissa.
“Listen, I need to tell you something,” he began and ignored the doubt trying to edge its way into his mind. “I feel something for you, something that I’ve never felt before,” he began before suddenly, he lost his words and much of his courage. He no longer felt brave enough to tell her what he needed to say, at least not on the phone.
Fearing rejection, he completed his sentence with “I just miss you, a lot. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow.”
“I can’t wait to see you,” she said then paused. “Gabriel, are you sure you’re okay? You sound like you’ve got something on your mind. Anything I can help with?”
Melissa’s voice, so pleasant and full of compassion, affected him deeply. He wanted to tell her; tell her everything, tell her he wasn’t supposed to have any feelings whatsoever yet he felt everything for her. He wanted to explain his existence and that despite the ugliness of it, he felt sure he was falling in love with her. But the words were lost on his lips. 
Instead, he answered her question with a simple, “I’m fine, really.”
“Okay. I mean, if you say so,” she said but sounded unconvinced.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” he replied and knew he’d be counting the hours until sunrise.
“Yep, looking forward to it,” she said simply.
After saying good-bye, Gabriel turned off his phone. He replaced the cell phone to its charging cradle, and lay in his bed only to return to his troublesome thoughts.

Chapter 20

After killing Titov’s men and pitching their bodies overboard, Eugene voyaged from the Russian Far East, enduring the notoriously erratic weather conditions of the Aleutian Islands, to the Alaskan island, Kodiak.  He’d crossed the Alaskan Gulf before arriving in Port Angeles.  As Terzini had promised, a Hummer waited there, hidden at an abandoned shipyard.  He’d rested briefly then began his journey from Port Angeles, Washington, through Idaho and picked up Interstate 80, the second longest Interstate Highway in the United States. He drove along this thoroughfare across Wyoming into Nebraska.
As he passed through state after state, Eugene’s grip on the leather laced steering wheel tightened. Held by an overwhelming fury that seized him with the urgency of a laboring woman, compelled to push her offspring into the world, he needed to birth his rage.
Each time his thoughts reverted to his destination, a small cottage in rural New York, wrath clutched him and surged with intensity. But he knew his anger must be tempered. His seclusion was ordered by his creator. Though he realized his distance was a necessary step in his maker’s process, the thought of wasting countless days in exile spawned resentment. He would be forced to wait, banished and isolated until he was called upon by Dr. Terzini. It would be an utter waste of his time. After all, he was designed to hunt, to battle; to kill. Woven into the very fabric of his DNA was the inherent need to pursue and conquer prey. Ostracism in a vacant cabin was an utter abuse of his fundamental talents.
Bitterness flooded Eugene as he contemplated Dr. Terzini’s master plan, a plan that did not include him integrally. His maker had created Gabriel to be the future of the human species, a prototype of sorts. Gabriel was the geneticist’s proposed gift to the world–his intelligence, his refined DNA, his physical perfection. Eugene grasped Terzini’s vision of a transformed species. He simply regretted that it would be Gabriel’s superior DNA, not his, initialing it. 
He boiled at the notion of Gabriel changing humanity through procreation as his maker intended. Such an idea was a source of great indignation and contempt. It aroused questions, questions of loyalty and allegiance to his maker. He believed himself to be superior to Gabriel in every way. He viewed himself as the ultimate specimen, the specimen that others should be modeled after. He contended his creator’s theory, though only in his mind, and believed that more like him ought to be created. He was the perfect fusion of human and animal genes, the best of both kingdoms. If a legion of men were all manufactured like him, they could start the systematic annihilation of the weak and the feeble. 
He, and others like him, would eradicate the human species. The extermination process would proceed swiftly as opposed to gradually as Terzini intended.  Eugene’s plan offered circumstances that would give him the freedom to kill as he pleased, at his discretion, liberated at last from preordained orders. Each time he entertained such considerations, a new feeling began to stir within him. The revamped design of a new race with himself as the model filled him with an odd sensation that he struggled to name. It could best be described as hope. 
He had read of hope before and dismissed it as ridiculous, impractical and evident of disordered thinking–typical human behavior.  Yet now, hope manifested itself in a more logical form. It suited his needs and served the original purpose of his maker.
But hope was a dangerous and futile notion for Eugene to accommodate for he was created without the ability to disobey his orders. Nevertheless, Eugene still questioned how he could pledge his allegiance to a man incapable of seeing the obvious flaw in his strategy, that he had selected the wrong archetype.  He caught himself wondering whether Dr. Terzini was nothing more than a self-righteous windbag too arrogant to acknowledge his oversight.
As he brooded over a revolution, Eugene looked down at the gas gauge and saw that the needle was fast approaching empty.  Thoughts of mutiny and mutilation had blinded him to his basic maintenance duties. Seconds earlier, he had passed a blue sign indicating that food, gas, and lodging were located at the next exit. He reached for his dark sunglasses and baseball cap before turning off the interstate to a gas station. 
He pulled the behemoth Hummer around to a pump at the farthest corner of the location to avoid drawing any unnecessary attention. After swiping a debit card linked to an account Terzini set up in his name, Eugene began pumping fuel into his vehicle. 
While he did so, a large tractor-trailer pulled up to the pump parallel to him. A burly trucker climbed down from the cab. Wearing a worn denim jacket and equally tattered jeans, the barrel-chested hauler lumbered around the front of the cab to the fueling chamber, his long, bushy beard and bedraggled, shoulder-length hair stirred in the breeze created by passing cars on the expressway.  A large, mesh and foam hat perched atop his uncombed hair read ‘Born to Haul’ and threatened to blow away at any moment.
As the truck driver passed, Eugene noticed how the slovenly human glanced at him but immediately looked away. Then, doing a double-take, he snapped his head back in Eugene’s direction, with eyes wide and mouth agape. The act of stealing a second look incensed Eugene. He felt the familiar rush of anger, felt it flashing just below the surface of his skin. Attempting to calm himself, he breathed deeply to contain the blaze that burned.  While he inhaled and exhaled deeply, the hauler turned his head to look over his shoulder and gawk at Eugene again. He studied him from head to toe, examining him with such unapologetic intensity that he nearly walked into a concrete support column. His unrelenting scrutiny fueled the growing firestorm. 
Eugene’s breathing became shallow. Taking short quick breaths, the inferno propelled him.  He advanced a single step, burning instinct urging him to descend on the gaping driver. He paused to consider the disastrous consequences of such a rash act. He chose to repress his urge. Instead, he glared at the man from behind his dark lenses, willed him to look away.
He watched and waited as the trucker, sensing the hatred Eugene radiated, turned his attentions toward the convenience mart. Eugene continued fueling the Hummer, fighting to calm himself.
The hauler returned from the store quickly, too quickly Eugene had not fully recovered. He watched as the man passed clutching a large wooden block with a key attached to it in his dirty hands. 
The grotesque human plodded past him toward the men’s restroom. Eugene was briefly relieved, the burning in him quelled. Though he longed to murder the trucker, such an act was not sanctioned by Terzini; there would be consequences.
His relief ended abruptly, however, when the trucker turned to look back over his shoulder at Eugene. 
Blinded by all-encompassing fire, Eugene stalked off after the rumpled truck driver leaving the nozzle in his car. He trailed him the entire distance between the pumps and the restroom. Driven, he opened the door and entered the restroom.
The trucker stood at the sink washing his hands as he stepped behind him. Eugene’s body trembled with anticipation as he bore into the back of the man’s head from behind his sunglasses. Though trembling, he was poised, ready to strike. The man looked up in the mirror and saw him looming in the reflective glass.
“Can I help you with something pal?” the trucker asked as he continued cleaning his hands. 
Eugene smirked, observing how careful the wretch was to avert his eyes.  He saw how desperate the unfortunate creature was to not seem confrontational, allowing himself just a fleeting glance at Eugene.
Eugene said nothing but continued to stare from behind his dark glasses. The only sound he emitted was his ragged breathing. Supreme frustration flooded, threatened to extinguish the glorious hell raging within, as the established rubrics set forth by Terzini came to mind. He was all too aware of the many restrictions enacted by his maker. In particular, he was not permitted to act without Terzini’s permission. He was not to interact with anyone without the expressed consent of his maker. Moreover, he was forbidden to kill or harm anyone unless ordered by Terzini. 
As he remained, towering over the doughy trucker, the need to attack overwhelmed every muscle in his body. He grappled to suppress the urge to maul him. Yet deprived of instruction, he could not act. The trembling became violent. Resisting the urge to attack was nearly impossible.
“Are you hearing me pal?” the man asked. “What are you some kind of fag? ‘Cause I don’t swing that way my friend,” he continued, his fear masked thinly by a pathetic attempt to diffuse the tense situation with disparaging humor.
Eugene did not laugh. Instead, his body produced one last powerful tremor before he went still. 
The trucker looked confused, terrified. 
Without warning, Eugene’s motionlessness ended abruptly. Madness overpowered Eugene and he seized the man by the back of his head and thrust it forward smashing his face into a mirror mounted flush against the concrete wall. With a thunderous thud created by skull striking glass, the mirror exploded on impact, cascading bloodstained shards in every direction. 
With his shoes crunching on splintered glass, he spun the truck driver around hoping that the force of the blow had not killed him. 
To his delight, the trucker clung to life. 
Eugene swiftly grabbed him by the neck and hoisted him off the glass-littered floor. Raising the dying man to eye level, he listened to meek pleas for life. 
Eugene could not grant such a request. 
He looked upon the imploring slob with contempt, felt no sympathy whatsoever for the simple creature. What he did feel, was a need for release.  The darkness in him demanded death. His mouth twisted into a malevolent smile as his body issued a final shudder. Then, applying pressure unparalleled by the strongest hands in world, he compressed the trucker’s throat, mindful to keep the dying man elevated high enough to stare directly into his eyes. 
He watched closely as the trucker resisted death at first, flailing and kicking, before succumbing to his fate with bulging eyes and tongue thrust between clenched teeth. 
Still holding the dead man with one powerful hand, Eugene hauled him by his broken neck, then kicked open a stall door and tossed the lifeless body inside. He closed the door then stepped up to a urinal to relieve his bladder before leaving. He took precaution to not trounce the foam and mesh hat that sat, wilted, in front of the restroom entrance.
Eugene finished fueling his Hummer A1 Alpha before climbing in and reentering Interstate 80. 
He struggled to recall what had unfolded at the rest stop. It remained a blur to him. In his mind, indistinct images swirled and eddied without taking form. They existed as phantom representations, elusive, indefinable.  
From the dark recesses of his mind, an innate sense warned that he had succumbed to an urge, that he had broken protocol. The gravity of his departure from how his creator, Dr. Franklin Terzini, expected him to behave sent him spiraling into despair. Eugene realized his actions threatened to jeopardize everything.

Chapter 21

Nerves had awakened Melissa from a fitful night of sleep. Each hour was interrupted by an incessant need to check the alarm clock on the nightstand by her bed. Her restlessness was not entirely unpleasant, though. It was generated by excitement, pure and simple. She was genuinely eager to see Gabriel. Waking multiple times was a small price to pay to know that she would be able to see him for even a short while before school.
She stayed in bed until six, daydreaming and fretting over her less than glamorous wardrobe before deciding to primp. 
For forty minutes, Melissa passed her time preparing for Gabriel. She showered, brushed her teeth, dried her hair, dressed and applied a small amount of makeup.  Then she turned to her closet only to be disappointed by a hodgepodge of sweatshirts, T-shirts and jeans. 
Her wardrobe was pathetic by teenage girl standards, but fashion had not been that important to her before meeting Gabriel. Now, however, she wished she had been more judicious when spending the money her father allotted her for clothing. She searched and searched though the sea of frumpy, lackluster garments before settling on a fitted, long-sleeved, button-down shirt and her favorite go-to pair of jeans. She took a quick look at herself in the mirror then gathered her books and backpack and dashed downstairs. 
She checked the clock on the microwave on the counter between the stove and the refrigerator.  It read 6:40 a.m., about five minutes before Gabriel’s anticipated arrival.  She took a deep breath to steady her anxiety then set about rummaging through the cabinets, food pantry, refrigerator and freezer in search of something for breakfast. She intended to piece together a meal to be packed into a cooler and shared with Gabriel.  But after examining the sad contents of the cupboard and the fridge, Melissa came up empty. She desperately wanted to do something for Gabriel, to express her affections for him and convey a fraction of the gratitude she had for his presence in her life.
Instead, the best she could offer him were two overripe bananas, one frozen chocolate chip waffle and a box of granola bars with an expiration date of more than six months ago. Abandoning her breakfast idea, Melissa chose, instead, to open the front door and wait for Gabriel.
At precisely 6:45 a.m. Gabriel’s hunter-green Ford explorer pulled into her driveway. He was smiling at her from behind the safety glass of the windshield. Leaving the engine running, he stepped out of his SUV and made his way up the footpath to Melissa’s front door.
Facing due east, Melissa’s house on Blackstone Drive boasted spectacular sunrises. This morning was no exception. The eager sun surged from the horizon in a dazzling spectacle. Pure gold illuminated the skyline melding into shades of orange and intensifying as it swelled, blending hues of rich pink and purple then deepening to violet as it shepherded night to day. 
In the luminous light of the dawning day, Gabriel was stunning. His chiseled features, punctuated by deep-set sapphire eyes, the linear structure of his nose and the fullness of his lips were splendid. His appearance made Melissa’s breath catch in her chest. She had to look away from him, distract herself to avoid the possibility of hyperventilation. She turned and grabbed her backpack off the kitchen table then opened the storm door. Gabriel held it ajar for her as she stepped out.
“Good morning,” Gabriel said, smiling as he spoke.	
“Good morning,” Melissa replied as she shut the front door and locked it behind her. “How did you sleep?”
“I had some trouble. I was looking forward to today,” he admitted sheepishly.
“Me, too,” she confessed.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m starving. Do you want to get something to eat?” 
 Melissa had not eaten during the time she was awake. And, although being with Gabriel offered her comfort, anticipation of his company had the opposite effect.  
“Sure, sounds great. What did you have in mind?” Melissa answered.
“I don’t know. We can go to Joe’s Deli and look around. Everyone says they make a great egg sandwich. Or we could go to McDonald’s if you want.”
Preferring to not waste time at the deli instead of spending time with Gabriel, Melissa chose, instead, the familiar menu choices of the fast-food restaurant.  
They pulled out of her driveway and traveled to Route 9. After visiting the drive-thru window and receiving their meals, Melissa and Gabriel headed toward Harbingers High School.
Gabriel navigated the length of the winding, paved pathway leading to Harbingers High and parked in a spot in the rear lot. Once the ignition was turned off, Melissa set about distributing their respective breakfasts, napkins, straws and cutlery. 
She watched as Gabriel chewed his bacon, egg and cheese biscuit before asking playfully, “What do you think of my diabolical plan for the weekend?” 
Melissa thought about his question for a moment as she cut her steaming hotcakes with a plastic knife. “Well, I wouldn’t necessarily call it diabolical,” she joked. “I mean, I definitely want to be together, and spend time outside of school this weekend.” Melissa blushed as she continued, “I’m just so worried that you’ll get caught and be, like, banned from seeing me ever again.”
“That’s not a possibility,” he answered quickly without the faintest trace of humor.  
He seemed repulsed at the thought of punishment involving separation from her. Though she could not be certain, such a notion sent a tremor of delight through her stomach. She smiled and took a bite of her food to avoid passing out from excitement-induced fasting. 
“Do you really think Alexandra or Daniella will agree to help us?” Gabriel inquired.
“Umm, yeah, I’m pretty sure. Besides, they’re such romantics.”
“So let’s see, Friday night works for me. But so does Saturday night.”
“It’d be great if Alexandra took one night and Daniella took the other,” Melissa dreamed aloud. She caught herself amid a fanciful dialogue and a faint pink blush spread across her cheeks.
“That’s a great idea! Do you think they would do that?”
Pleasantly surprised that Gabriel shared in her desire to spend both weekend evenings together, Melissa contemplated the enormous favor she intended to ask of her friends. She sincerely hoped they would at least consider extending such an enormous service to them. A vague “We’ll know soon enough,” was the best she could offer. 
They finished their breakfast and engaged in light conversation. Too quickly though, the clock on the dashboard radio indicated that their breakfast date was over. Much to Melissa’s disappointment, the adage about time flying when one is having fun proved true. First period was about to begin.
Leaving the SUV, Melissa and Gabriel crossed the parking lot to the rear entrance of the high school. Beyond the doors were the cafeteria and a wide corridor known as the common area that featured over a dozen finished wooden benches that lined the perimeter of the windowed walls. “The Commons,” as they were called, offered students a place to assemble indoors yet enjoy nature through a panoramic view of the park-like campus. 
Directly across from the commons were two sets of widely spaced double doors that opened into the gymnasium.
Melissa and Gabriel passed the cafeteria and the common area and paused past the first set of double doors. Loud, rhythmic thumping could be heard. 
Peering into the gymnasium to locate the source of the pulsating noise, Melissa eyed a large boom box perched high on the bleachers. The sound system issued blaring beats. On the hardwood floor, a group of about twenty cheerleaders were assembled for an early morning practice session. 
Clad in various skimpy articles of workout wear, the girls strutted and gyrated in a formation similar to that of a line dancing troop but with choreography more closely matching strippers at a gentleman’s club.
Kevin Anderson, Chris Mace, John DeNardi and Eric Sala grouped in the gym as well. Melissa knew their predatory presence was not a show of support for their cheerleaders. They leered and gestured obscenely, making plain their intent to survey prospective conquests. But the cheerleaders did not seem to mind. Rather, it incited their behavior.
The bass of the song rumbled as the cheerleaders, aware of their appreciative male audience, performed each move more erotically than Melissa had ever seen them perform, writhing and shaking seductively. Melissa could not help but stare at what looked like a perverse mating ritual, unbridled and animal.  She immediately worried that Gabriel, too, was as tantalized as the other boys. He looked on just as she did. Their overt sensuality was undeniable. Yet when she turned to face him, she realized he was not looking at the girls. He trained his gaze, instead, on Kevin Anderson’s pack.   
 “Wow. That’s something, huh?” Melissa asked. 
“What? What’s something?”
Melissa was relieved by Gabriel’s response. It did not seem contrived or artificial. It seemed genuine. Gabriel seemed oblivious of the vulgar display in the gymnasium, of the girls.
“Them. I mean, those girls, the way they move.”
“Oh, them,” he muttered, disgust lacing each word.  “Yeah, there’s a word for that. Gross.”
Thrilled by his aversion, Melissa celebrated silently, but was still bothered by sporadic bouts of self-doubt. After all, she could not writhe and slink about as they did. She rejoiced over not falling as she roamed the halls of her high school. The thought of attempting to dance and gyrate seductively invited disaster–or at least a trip to the emergency room.
“They have talent. I mean, I’d land myself in the hospital if I tried to do what they’re doing.”
Looking Melissa directly in her eyes, Gabriel affirmed, “You don’t need to be half naked and prancing around like a stripper. You’re too good for that. You’re beautiful and smart and have self-respect. Those girls in there, they’re auditioning.”
“What do you mean?”
“Look over there,” Gabriel gestured to the far corner of the gym where Kevin and his friends gathered. “You see Kevin and his crew? Why do you think they're there?” he asked. “I’ll tell you, they’re not there to offer any kind of help, that’s for sure. They’re there because this practice session is like a sick buffet to them.”
“Oh,” was all Melissa could manage. 
Blushing, she turned away from the spectacle in the gym in revulsion. 
“Melissa, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you with my crassness,” he began. “Really, I just get so mad when I see that guy, after what he did to you, what he wanted to do to you, and here he is objectifying these girls.” 
Melissa waited while Gabriel paused and glared at Kevin.
“And the sad part is that the girls don’t seem to mind. They seem to be willing participants in their objectification.”
It became clear that Gabriel interpreted her blush as shock at his frank talk. She was not offended, though. To the contrary, she was impressed by his perception and sensitivity.
“I get pissed too. Believe me,” Melissa admitted. “That’s why I can’t even look in there. I wasn’t mad at you. You weren’t crass as you said. I mean, really? I’m best friends with Alexandra for heaven’s sake. She curses like a sailor. I don’t even notice anymore,” Melissa laughed aloud. 
“And if anyone knows what Kevin Anderson is, it’s me,” she added solemnly.
Gabriel’s face relaxed as he questioned the truth of her explanation.
“Are you sure?” he asked.  “Because I would never want to hurt you in any way. You mean…so much to me.”
“Gabriel, you didn’t hurt me. I promise. You make me feel the opposite of hurt,” Melissa fumbled, blushing. “I mean, you make me happy.”
Then Gabriel took her hand. Interlacing his fingers with hers, he gave a gentle squeeze as they began walking. They continued down the hallway, side by side, to Melissa’s locker.
“By the way Gabriel, when did you become such a smarty-pants? Objectification?” Melissa laughed again. “You can’t use words like that on me this early in the morning. It’s like 7:30 a.m. You have to wait at least until lunchtime to start working the SAT power words,” she teased.
Gabriel laughed aloud. His mirth was infectious. Melissa found herself laughing too.
Approaching her locker, she was reluctant to release Gabriel’s hand. She adored his deep understanding of people and shuttered at the thought of parting with the warmth of his personality. She noticed his unwillingness to let go as well.
Satisfied that the need to stay was mutual, Melissa turned to face Gabriel. Emboldened by an overwhelming urge to express her affection for Gabriel, she leaned toward him, positioning herself closer.
Her heart began to pound, threatened to beat out of her rib cage. She never acted so boldly before. And she did not have a plan. Unsure of exactly what she was doing, Melissa arched her body toward his and silently hoped he did not recognize her complete inexperience.  Dizzied by an unrelentingly racing pulse, she said nothing but leaned in even further and tipped her head slightly. She was drunk with adrenaline, overtaken by the profound need to press her lips against his, feel the tender skin of his mouth touch hers.
Her pulse thundered in her ears. Gabriel seemed to grasp what her positioning suggested. He bent forward in expectation, dipping his head lower. As their faces drew closer, her mind flooded with racing thoughts. Worry filled each. She panicked. 
She worried she was going about things incorrectly. After all, a boy as attractive as he was had surely kissed many girls before. What if her skills were subpar? Did she even have skills? She had little practice. Each question swirled as they inched closer to each other slowly. Then suddenly, with their lips about to touch, all of her negative thoughts were quieted. In her mind there was complete silence; peace. She abandoned all fears and, instead, proceeded with the most natural, exhilarating action she could possibly begin. But just as her lips grazed his, a familiar voice grated in her ears.
“Hey Bitch!” Alexandra greeted Melissa. “Ugh. I feel like shit. I’m getting my period. I have such cramps and I’m so gassy and constipated.”
Melissa felt frustrated and disappointed simultaneously. She cringed then looked at her best friend with a look of puzzlement and watched as Alexandra patted her chest, and belched before asking, “What the hell? Am I interrupting you guys or something?”
Reluctantly, Melissa stepped away from Gabriel. The distance pained her.  She feared her disappointment was etched on her face.
“Hello?” Alexandra continued. “Are you people deaf? Do you hear me?”
Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, Melissa replied, “Wow, mental pause, sorry Alex. It’s been an interesting few days. Sorry you’re not feeling well.”
“Yeah, you know how backed up I get before my period. If the cramps and bloat are not enough,” she began.
“I apologize for interrupting you, Alexandra,” Gabriel interjected. “But I have to get to my locker before first period. I’ll leave you two to chat privately. Melissa, remember what I said. My phone is on. I’ll see you in third period.” 
Melissa watched as Gabriel walked away toward the staircase. His locker was on the second floor. Even though he had just left her, she missed him already.
He was out of sight when cheerleading practice concluded and the cheerleaders began leaving the gymnasium.  Three were approaching their lockers beside Melissa’s. 
Kelly Primrose, Marci Davis and Kristen Taft, a trifecta renowned in Harbingers High School for the malicious nature of their gossip and supreme bitchiness, strode up to Melissa and Alexandra. 
As they passed, each turned and looked over her shoulder to glare at Melissa. 
“Slut,” one hissed. 
“Whore,” another condemned. 
“Bitch,” one denounced.
Melissa looked nervously to Alexandra and pleaded, “Let’s just go. Come on. I need to get to class anyway.”
Ignoring her friend, Alexandra spun around to confront the trio. 
“Excuse me?” She demanded. “Do any of you fucking bitches have something to say?”
Refusing to meet her eyes, the threesome just tossed their heads back and laughed. More cheerleaders advanced. Some pointed and whispered and made slanderous remarks while others just stared at Melissa. She felt vulnerable, withered by their stares, weakened by their words. Yet, she had nothing to feel ashamed of. She had done nothing wrong. In her mind, her words rang true. In the court of public opinion, Kevin Anderson was judge, jury and executioner. 
She could do nothing but watch as Alexandra began, at their goading, to defend her friend and distribute her wrath. 
“Who the fuck do you think you are!” she shouted at the group. “You have no idea what happened. You’re just a bunch of sheep. You believe whatever bullshit that asshole Kevin feeds you! You’re too fucking stupid to question him! He tried to rape her!”
As if on cue, Kevin Anderson rounded the corner and moved toward the scene unfolding.
“Ladies, what’s all the drama? I certainly hope a fight results from this. You know, clothes get ripped off when girls fight.”
“Only on your porn channels, asshole,” Alexandra spat.
Before Kevin could retort, Arlene Cardwell, a retired prisonguard who was now the hall monitor for Harbingers High School, came out of the cafeteria. Hearing the commotion and sensing an impending skirmish, Arlene made her way down the hallway toward them and ordered everyone to get to class.
“Come on guys. Let’s go,” Arlene instructed. “Everyone has a class they need to be in! The first bell rang already!”
The group disbanded slowly at first. The closer Arlene got, however, the more quickly the process proceeded.
As the group dispersed, some of the cheerleaders made comments, snickered. Kelly, Marci and Kristen lingered the longest, as did Kevin Anderson.
“I’m sorry, Melissa. I have to get to class. If I’m late again, I’ll get detention,” Alexandra explained.
Despite feeling a knot form in her stomach that squeezed intensely, Melissa knew it was not her friend’s battle to fight. She did not want someone else she cared about getting into trouble trying to rescue her.
“Don’t be silly. Go. I’ll be fine,” Melissa offered. “And thank you.”
Alexandra embraced her friend. “No problem,” she said sincerely. “See you later.”
From behind the open locker door of Marci Davis, Melissa heard one of the nasty trinity of cheerleaders sarcastically jest, “Aww. Her babysitter is gone now. Hope she’s able to find her way to class all by herself.”
Snarky laughter followed as the three remaining girls continued their scathing interaction aimed at her.
Melissa slammed her locker shut. She summoned as much courage as she could muster at the moment and fired back. 
“Why don’t you three go to hell?” she said.
Then she turned on her heels and headed with trembling legs toward the stairwell. Footsteps were heard behind her. Too heavy to be one of the girls, she guessed it was Kevin Anderson that followed.
“What’s your hurry, princess?” he asked mockingly confirming her presumption.
“Just go away Kevin. This is your fault.”
“This is only the beginning. You think this is bad?” He warned.  “Just wait and see how much worse it’s going to get if you don’t.”
Kevin did not finish his sentence. Instead, he let the last word hang in the air to draw a response from her.
Baited, she asked, “If I don’t what, Kevin?”
“Call this off. Take back your statement to the police, call off the cops and end this crap with me.”
She could not believe what he was proposing. He wanted her to recant her statement–the truth–and absolve him of any offense. In doing that, she would not only pardon his actual and intended acts but also sully her reputation further. She struggled to fathom how he could be so arrogant, so presumptuous. She never imagined she could find him more vile than she did on the night he tried to rape her. Yet by threatening her to get her to retract her statement, he had managed to make himself even more despicable.
“Kevin, you and I both know what happened, what would have happened if Gabriel hadn’t come when he did,” she said careful to keep her voice calm and controlled.
“Yeah, well you got roughed up. Who cares? You’re such a tease anyway. You’ll be begging for what happened then once you get a load of what’s gonna happen next.”
“What? What do you mean?” Melissa asked incredulously.
“Oh, you’ll see. You know you can avoid all of this if you just cooperate.”
“We both know that is not going happen.”
“Suit yourself. Can’t say I didn’t warn you,” Kevin laughed. “I am going to make your days here a nightmare,” he threatened before taking the steps two at a time ahead of Melissa.
Shaken, Melissa felt as though she would vomit. She took deep breaths to try to calm down. Sweat beaded her forehead, lightheadedness disoriented her. She wanted nothing more than to call Gabriel, have him leave the class he was in and whisk her off school grounds again. But she knew that that was not an option. She understood that she would have to survive the day–and many more like it–before it all ended, before the truth was finally revealed. Melissa took a moment and steadied herself before continuing up the staircase to attend her first period class.
Chapter 22

Dr. Franklin Terzini paced about in his underground laboratory. Unable to devote the level of concentration that was required for his research he stalked about his work area. The heels of his black patent leather shoes generated a distinct rhythmic clacking sound upon the pristine, painted concrete floor with each step he took. 
As his sense of prudence prevailed, he realized such parading was a waste of energy. He opted instead to perch on the edge of his wall-mounted cot in the alcove that served as his makeshift bedroom. 
With one arm folded across his chest and the other stroking his chin, Terzini unconsciously rocked back and forth. He was unnerved by Gabriel’s blatant decision to defy him.  He could not tolerate rebelliousness. Though Gabriel offered a sound argument to explain his insolence, the fact remained that his creation should not have been capable of defiance.
He trusted in his creation’s conviction, that the bonfire excursion was crucial to his process of blending into mainstream society, but Gabriel’s disregard for protocol left him unsettled.
Outwardly, no one would guess he was troubled. He always projected composure, coldness. Despite his visible calm, however, Terzini battled bouts of paranoia. Uneasiness festered in him like a wound, chafed until it became raw. 
He continually revisited and questioned every aspect of Gabriel’s behavior in the days after the incident of insubordination.  It became a pervasive presence in his life. It affected Terzini’s eating habits, disturbed his sleeping patterns. The occurrence galled him, became so persistent it interfered with his research and development. 
While Dr. Franklin Terzini could contend with sleep and food consumption disruption, distress during his numerous hours of work was simply unacceptable.
Distraction in the laboratory inhibited his ability to build on the foundations of his previous works, to create. His drive and dedication and tireless trials, continuously seeking to surpass his last achievement, had led to the creation of his masterpiece: Gabriel. 
Gabriel would be Terzini’s legacy, his gift to the world. Even his designation was selected to carefully articulate his purpose. Bearing the name of the archangel Gabriel who, according to Abrahamic religions, was a messenger of God, the geneticist considered his creation to be other-worldly, if not angelic, in appearance. His name, however, did not reflect Dr. Terzini’s religious convictions, for he possessed none. To Dr. Terzini, religion was reserved for the weak-minded.  The name Gabriel maintained its implications only to serve as a suggestion of an emissary that would transform the world.
Gabriel and his subsequent offspring would transform the fabric of the human species. He would evoke a revolution. Because Gabriel was his conception, it would ultimately be Terzini who was responsible for the reformation of mankind.
The thought of having to destroy his stunning success drove Terzini to the brink of madness.
Gabriel was formed with free will but had been adapted to never challenge his maker. Though he was equipped with a brain that absorbed, processed and retained information at a rate unequalled in the history of humanity, conditioning Gabriel was relatively simple.
Dr. Terzini implemented fear conditioning, a process by which a person learns to fear new stimuli. Fear conditioning imparted Gabriel with a physical response similar to fear. This fear was reserved solely for his creator, Dr. Terzini. 
Though designed to be devoid of human emotion, Gabriel received this subliminal distress. Terzini viewed it as a necessary means of controlling his subject. Therefore, fear was permitted and was to function on a somatic level as opposed to a psychological one. 
If a design flaw were to occur and Gabriel considered defying his maker, a physical response similar to that of a paralyzing anxiety attack would overtake him. Such an overt display would alert Terzini and warrant immediate destruction. Under those circumstances, Gabriel would be considered a failure.
Dr. Franklin Terzini considered the prospect that Gabriel had flouted him, superseded his authority, and managed to circumvent the conditioning he had received. Such a notion was preposterous. It would represent a mistake. 
Though Dr. Terzini believed himself to be incapable of such a mistake with Gabriel, he thought it necessary to consider the remote possibility. He reasoned that observation of Gabriel’s behavior when he was unaware of such scrutiny would yield empirical evidence as it did with every other subject he researched. 
Compelled to act immediately, Terzini researched and visited numerous websites that offered an array of surveillance equipment before he decided on a large quantity of wireless devices that would provide him with audio and visual feed directly uplinked to his personal computer.  
Thanks to overnight express delivery, Terzini would receive his investigative instruments the following morning.
He would utilize the full six and a half hours during which Gabriel was at school allocating numerous mini cameras in virtually every corner of the stunning Victorian house. He would mount minute motion-activated reconnaissance apparatus in lamps and overhead lighting fixtures, clocks, fake plants, framed art work, cabinets, closets and mirrors. 
No room would be unmonitored, no corner unexposed to the watchful eye of Dr. Franklin Terzini.
To even the most observant of people, the paraphernalia Terzini purchased would be nearly invisible. Gabriel would detect no difference in the furnishings of the home. He would go about his day-to-day routines and he could observe and study his subject’s behavior, record any changes. 
Inspired, Dr. Terzini also purchased a duplicate of his initial order for his laboratory.  Though he did not consider his clandestine research site to be vulnerable by any standards, in the interest of meticulousness, it was imperative that it not be neglected.
Dr. Terzini would not be constrained by time when wiring his lab as he would be when connecting the system in Gabriel’s residence. 
Each row of florescent overhead lighting fixtures would be equipped with devices that would survey the entire quarters and provide more than twenty-four hours’ worth of streaming video with audiovisual authentication.  
Once all cameras were tested and proved to be fully operational, Dr. Terzini would be satisfied with himself once again and able to resume his daily activities without distraction. He would be able to recommence his genetic explorations and advancements.
Chapter 23

Melissa was grateful that her first and second period classes passed uneventfully. Save for the occasional stares that lingered or whispers between classmates that she could not be sure involved her, the day was proceeding as usual. She found herself feeling cautiously optimistic. She even entertained the notion that perhaps the occurrence that preceded school was an isolated incident, that the possibility existed that somewhere deep inside Kevin lurked a shred of human decency. But such thoughts were pure guesswork, and dangerous at that.  
The bell rang and snapped her back to more rational thinking.  It also signaled the start of third period with Mr. Adams. It meant she would see Gabriel, as well.
She promptly strode to her designated course. As she entered, she scanned the room for Gabriel. To her disappointment, he was not present. She took her assigned seat near the rear of the room and waited for him. In the front of the class, Mr. Adams positioned himself behind a black metal music stand that was his makeshift podium. His eyes were focused on the analog clock mounted on the wall beside the door. The tolling of a second bell would signal that the class officially began. Any student arriving thereafter would be deemed tardy. 
Just before the second bell rang, Gabriel crossed the threshold. Melissa felt a rush of relief at the sight of him. She was not the only person who enjoyed his arrival though. As one of the last to enter, Gabriel held an audience of more than twenty-five students spellbound. She watched as all eyes in the classroom tracked him. He garnered a response that was equal parts captivation and appreciation. They stared approvingly, like art aficionados admiring a famous work.
She believed it impossible to look at him any other way. Gabriel James was a masterpiece. He was not good looking by conventional standards. He could not be categorized as merely noticeable. Instead, his attractiveness was worthy of awe, fascination, his features so flawlessly arranged they seemed divine.
As he sat next to Melissa, Gabriel turned and looked at her. He offered her an open, honest smile. His guilelessness was something Melissa marveled at. She wondered how a person as breathtaking as Gabriel remained so genuinely unaware of his perfection. Kevin Anderson, on the other hand, was not nearly as exquisite as Gabriel but relished in attention, preened more often than anyone she had ever known and continually stole glances at his reflection in any surface with a reflective property. He was vain by every definition of the word; But not Gabriel. Gabriel James was different, dramatically different.  He was neither cocky nor conceited. Rather, he was calm, composed and humble.
Melissa smiled back at Gabriel. He mouthed to her, “Are you okay?”
She silently answered by shrugging and tipping her head to one side.
As if reading her mind, Gabriel reached across the aisle that separated them and wrapped his hand around hers, a gesture so warm and affectionate a rosy glow spread across her cheeks.
“Let’s get to work people,” Mr. Adams began droning. “And to Melissa and Gabriel, let’s focus on our classwork please. Thank you.”
Melissa unwillingly let go of his hand, opened her notebook and began transcribing Mr. Adams’s lecture.
After a lengthy fifty minutes, the session ended. With the sound of another bell, the class was freed from their instructor’s incessant whining. Happily, Melissa left Mr. Adams’s classroom hand in hand with Gabriel.  Lunchtime was next and her spirits were buoyed. She smiled broadly while they walked to her locker. Gabriel suggested they grab a sandwich from the cafeteria and head out to his Explorer to eat. As they approached her locker, however, she realized Gabriel’s plan might change. 
Daniella stood, waiting at Melissa’s locker. 
Though Melissa was always happy to see her lifelong friend, she needed to be with Gabriel, just Gabriel. She did not want to hurt Daniella’s feelings nor did she want to alienate her friend for a boy. Both she and Gabriel had been through traumatic events together recently. And with his punishment, school was the only place she would be able to spend time with him.  She knew Daniella would understand. 
As Melissa and Gabriel approached, she spotted a familiar and unfriendly trio of vultures circling behind Daniella. Kelly, Marci and Kristen, the vapid pride of Harbingers High’s cheerleading squad, lurked about. 
“Hey you two! Any lunch plans?” Daniella inquired.
“Umm, we were just going to get something from the cafeteria and eat in Gabriel’s car,” Melissa answered.
“Huh. Good. We won’t have to look at the whore while we eat,” Kelly muttered.
Melissa did not dignify Kelly’s cruelty with a response. Instead, she ignored the comment as did Daniella. Her friend calmly continued asking, “Want to go to my house? My mom made, like, a vat of her vegetable soup,” she offered.
Melissa’s mouth watered at the thought of Mrs. Colucci’s soup.
“My dad is off today,” Daniella continued. “He’d be happy to see you, Melissa. Alex and I are going. You’re both welcome to join us.”
“Be careful, she may try to do your dad,” Kristen murmured then laughed snidely.
Melissa lowered her head sadly. Unwilling to engage the trio in an argument, she turned instead and began to walk away, to retreat.
Unexpectedly, Gabriel lashed out. In a low, almost hoarse voice, he assumed an arrogant tone that could have rivaled the most loathsome leading man on television. 
“Hey! You’re calling her a whore?” he hissed. “None of you have an ounce of the dignity and self-respect she has! You three skanks walk around here dressing and acting like hookers and you have the nerve to call her a whore? What a joke!”
Judging from the expressions on their faces, his tirade did not prove as effective as he had intended. So he added, “None of you are anything to look at anyway.”
Melissa was confident that insulting their appearances had landed a direct hit; he had struck them in their self-esteem. She had never heard him speak a mean word, didn’t know he could do so. But she was proud of him. 
She watched, pleased, as Kelly Primrose, Marci Davis and Kristen Taft froze, their faces a mixture of astonishment and humiliation. Gabriel had not yelled at them as Alexandra had. Instead, he ridiculed them.  His words were weightier, more significant than Alexandra’s because he was a boy; an extremely handsome boy. His words stung. 
Unsure of what to do with their wounded egos, the threesome slunk away. 
Melissa and Daniella turned to Gabriel in unison and grinned.
“Oh my God! That was amazing!” Daniella cried.
“Seriously, Gabriel, that was awesome! Did you see their faces? It was priceless!” Melissa exclaimed.
“I’m texting Alexandra right now! She may want to erect a statue in your honor!” Daniella declared as her thumbs worked feverishly at the key pad of her cellular phone.
Gabriel seemed discomfited by the praise he was receiving; he shifted uncomfortably before excusing himself.
To Daniella he said, “Thanks for inviting me for your mother’s soup but, I’m going to have to take a rain check. I’m going to grab a sandwich from the cafeteria and eat in my car.” 
Gabriel smiled sincerely then added, “I have to review my history notes for fifth period.  We’re having a test and I didn’t have a chance to study last night. I’m really sorry.”
“Oh, don’t worry about it. I totally understand. Besides, my mom makes this soup, like, all winter long. It’s mine and my dad’s favorite. Melissa, are you coming?”
“I think I’ll stay with Gabriel if it’s all the same to you.”
“Sure no problem,” Daniella answered without a trace of animosity. “I’ll stop by your house after school, okay?”
“Sounds great,” Melissa said as she embraced her friend. She knew she could always rely on Daniella’s understanding nature and generous spirit. 
Smiling broadly, Daniella turned to Gabriel once more and joked, “You’re a rock star, Gabriel James. Seriously, you’re my hero.”
Gabriel playfully rolled his eyes at her then snarled his lip imitating the great Elvis Presley and drawled, “Thank you, thank you very much.”
Melissa watched as Daniella, delighted by Gabriel’s impersonation, giggled and floated down the hallway toward the main entrance of the school in the front of the building. 
They waited, holding hands, until Daniella left the building. Then, Gabriel turned to face Melissa. 
“I forgot to dump my books off in my locker,” he began “And I have to ask my history teacher, Mr. Feldman, a quick question about the test today. I’m going to run upstairs and do that. While I’m gone would you mind getting the sandwiches at the cafeteria?” 
Gabriel reached into his back pocket and retrieved his wallet. He opened it and produced a fifty-dollar bill.
“Sure. I mean, I don’t mind. Geez, Gabriel, do you have anything smaller,” Melissa wondered aloud looking at the large sum of money he was entrusting her with.
“Sorry, that’s all I have. Do you think the cashier will have enough to give you change?”
“I have no idea. But if you want, I’ll just buy fifty dollars’ worth of cafeteria food,” Melissa teased.
“Fine, but only if you’re really hungry. Hey and if you’re going to eat that much school food I hope your dad has a good health insurance plan. You’ll need it to cover the trip to the hospital from eating so much garbage,” he joked back.
She savored his sense of humor, adored their breezy banter. To maintain their repartee, she furrowed her brow and squinted. 
“I resent that,” Melissa said feigning irritation. “Our lunches aren’t so bad. Besides, who are we to criticize when our meals together have consisted largely of fast food?”
“Huh. Good point. Well then, be sure to get extra mayo and extra Swiss cheese on my turkey sandwich, you know, just to keep my diet consistent,” he winked and smiled then continued. “And if we’re going to do this right, we’ll need some fries or chips, too.”
Laughing, Melissa asked “Will that be all? I feel like I should be writing all of this down.”
“Nah. I have faith in you. You’re a smart girl. You’ll remember,” he kidded. Handing her his keys, Gabriel said more seriously, “Are you sure you don’t mind? I hate to ask you to, I don’t know, serve me.”
“Honestly, Gabriel, you don’t have to worry. I don’t feel like your bossing me or anything. After all, you did save me the other night. Picking up lunch for you is the very least I can do,” Melissa said tenderly.
“You owe me nothing. I’m just happy to know you,” Gabriel smiled sweetly then added, “I’ll meet you in my car in like, ten minutes, okay.”
“Yep, see you in ten with a whole lot of food.”
Shaking his head and smiling, Gabriel trotted off in the opposite direction of Melissa before disappearing into the stairwell.
Just as Gabriel moved out of sight, Melissa spotted John DeNardi and Eric Sala leaving the common area opposite the gymnasium. They saw her and loomed closer.
As Kevin’s friends approached, Melissa gathered her books and stuffed them into her locker as quickly as she could. She shoved the fifty dollar bill that Gabriel had just given her into her front pocket and tried to flee to the cafeteria. 
Somehow, they witnessed her shove the fifty dollar bill into her pants pocket. John DeNardi offered his thoughts first. 
“Well, I guess it’s safe to bet what she got that for,” he began.
“Yeah,” Eric chimed in. “I guess fifty is the going rate for a roll in the sack with her.”
“Huh, so sad though, that she has to resort to turning tricks during school hours,” John continued, raising his voice.
A few students began to gather. Melissa tried to push through and escape but could not penetrate the unwilling crowd. A hostile audience had assembled and was enjoying the show again. Inspired by the spectators, Eric and John continued. 
“Yeah, man. I guess her daddy doesn’t make enough stacking bananas or whatever it is he does over at the A & P. His little girl has to work during school days instead of just on weekends,” Eric mocked.
Cruel laughter sounded from the growing mob.  Melissa felt the customary nausea that accompanied each encounter with Kevin or his followers. The group crowded her, encircled her in a ring of ridicule. She attempted desperately to break the circumference of the gatherers, but was denied access.
“Who’d you bang today, Melissa, a student, or have you moved on to the faculty?” John taunted.
“Leave me alone!” Melissa shouted as she frantically strained a second time, pressing to pass through the fringe of onlookers.
Undeterred, they persisted. 
“Aww. So sensitive. I didn’t think your kind was so thin-skinned,” Eric derided.
“Yeah, I thought dirty whores were tough, like they are in the movies,” John insulted.
“Just let me through!” Melissa screamed on the verge of hysteria.

***

As Gabriel returned from his locker and preemptive meeting with his instructor, he paused at the top of the stairwell. He checked his cell phone to see if there were any messages from Dr. Terzini. There were none. As he placed his foot on the first tread, he heard a voice; Melissa’s voice. It was shrill and distressed. His body immediately and inexplicably responded to her cries sending a surge of adrenaline through him. It activated every cell in him. He ran down the three flights of steps with dexterity and ease, descending them at full speed three at a time.
Reaching the last step then finally the landing, he ran and rounded the corner of the vestibule. He immediately saw the large group that had formed. In the center of the chaos, Eric Sala and John DeNardi stood. 
“Hey!” Gabriel yelled as he approached the horde. He knew who was at the center enduring their verbal brutality before he even saw her. Melissa, fragile, vulnerable and with tears streaming down her face, was cowed before them. 
Enraged, he screamed, “What tough guys! Picking on a hundred-pound girl!” as he shoved past the outer-edge of the crowd. Gabriel stepped up to Kevin Anderson’s two disciples. 
Toe to toe, with his face just inches from theirs, he growled, “This ends here!”
Gabriel’s intensity and posturing forced both Eric and John to instinctively back away. 
“Let’s do this right here right now!” Gabriel confronted. 
Eric and John, stunned, offered no response. Stifled and silenced, they stood shiftlessly.
Talking through clenched teeth, Gabriel challenged and spread his arms, “What, nothing to say now, you friggin’ cowards?”
Still, neither Eric nor John spoke.
“Where’s Kevin?” Gabriel demanded once again.  “I am ending this, with all of you, today, right now!”
John and Eric remained quiet and gestured, rather, to the double doors at the rear of the hallway that led to the back parking lot. As they did so, the mob that gathered to witness Melissa’s verbal bashing began to break up. Unflinching, Gabriel glowered at the set of followers. Most squirmed with discomfort before lowering their gazes to their feet and turning to walk away.
“I will see you both in the parking lot,” Gabriel resolved, addressing John and Eric.
To Melissa Gabriel asked concernedly “Are you okay?”
When she answered him, her voice was overwrought and quavering. “Let’s just get out of here.”
“No! I am ending this now!”
“Please Gabriel, just let it go.”
“I can’t let it go. It’s not going to stop. It’ll keep getting worse.”
“Please!” Melissa begged as she trailed Gabriel down the hallway.
Although Gabriel suffered at hearing her emotional appeals, he knew he must not be swayed. He recognized the necessity of confronting Kevin in front of his followers. He needed to be shamed the way he and his friends continually attempted to shame Melissa; he needed to agonize as she had over his many abuses.  
Rallied further by his irate thoughts, Gabriel slammed open the metal doors and stalked out into the rear parking area.
Across the lot, he had a clear view of Kevin holding court beside his sleek Infiniti G37 Sport Coupe, likely regaling a group of his adoring peers with tales of his many sports-related achievements: game winning touchdowns, expertly executed three-point basketball shots and complex wrestling maneuvers. 
Smiling smugly as he spoke, revealing his signature set of blinding-white teeth along with his trademark solitary dimple on his right cheek, Kevin seemed to hold his audience spellbound. He gestured vigorously as he addressed them, giving emphasis to his every account.  Every gaze remained fixed on him.
The group of eyes veiled by adulation for Kevin proved beneficial for Gabriel. It gave him an advantage. Kevin’s admirers did not take notice of his advancement toward them; they did not warn him. 
Utilizing the benefit of surprise, Gabriel strode with confidence and purpose as anger coursed through his veins. But he did so unnoticed. As he drew near, Kevin, as if possessed by his bloated and distorted sense of worth, did not even bother to look up until it was too late and Gabriel was before him.
“Hey, Anderson!” Gabriel shouted. “I thought I told you to leave Melissa alone!”
A faint expression of surprise flashed across Kevin’s face before he regained his composure and retorted. “Let your little whore fight her own battles.” 
Hearing Kevin supplant Melissa’s name with such a revolting euphemism evoked a resurgence of rage in Gabriel. He longed to release his wrath on Kevin, to free the contempt he’d carefully harnessed at their last encounter in the woods. 
“You better watch what you say about her, Kevin!” Gabriel warned.
“Yeah, what’re you gonna do about it asshole?” Kevin challenged. 
Gabriel could tell it was fake confidence. He could see sweat trickle down from his hairline and the wild pulsation of his carotid artery. Gabriel assumed Kevin was hoping he would not accept his challenge.
“You want to settle this right here? Let’s go!” Gabriel accepted.
“Go away, Gabriel,” Kevin said. “Don’t make a fool of yourself. You’re not catching me off-guard now like you did at the bonfire.”
The mention of the bonfire, the night when Kevin drugged Melissa and struck her repeatedly and tried to rape her, was all Gabriel needed to incense him.
“If by off-guard you mean when I interrupted you attacking a defenseless girl you were trying to rape, then yeah, you were off-guard! I’m not going anywhere! This ends right here, right now!” Gabriel contested.
Gabriel remained, readied to jump at the first sign of aggression. With his shoulders squared, and feet planted, every muscle in his body yearned to attack. He listened intently and waited for Kevin to accept his challenge, and act.
“No, man. Another time, another place,” he faltered.  “Don’t embarrass yourself. You’re new here. I’ll give you a pass. Just go inside.” 
Gabriel scrutinized Kevin as he spoke. His calm façade was just that. Gabriel guessed he was not the only one able to see past the thinly veiled fear imprinted on his every feature. He decided to exploit his opponents dread.
 “What’s the matter, Kevin? All talk? Are you afraid or something?” Gabriel taunted. “We both know what would happen if we fought again, the same thing that happened at the bonfire. I’d kick your ass again like the little punk you are!”
“Shut up asshole!” Kevin whined.
“Why don’t you come over here and shut me up! I’m standing right here!” Gabriel outstretched his arms. “Come on Kevin. What are you waiting for?”
It did not surprise Gabriel when Kevin did not move toward him. Predictably, Kevin just stood, astonished, unable to speak.
“Nothing to say now Anderson? Cause all you’ve done for the last few days is run your mouth about how you were jumped, how I, alone, couldn’t have messed you up like I did while you tried to rape Melissa in the woods! Well, put your money where your mouth is!” Gabriel shouted. “Let’s go! Right here right now! Prove to everyone what a badass you really are!”
Still, Kevin remained silent.
“Oh! That’s right. I forgot. If I were a drugged and defenseless girl, you’d be all over me. But I’m not, am I?”
The crowd that moments ago stood captivated by Kevin Anderson, began to slowly distance themselves from him. Gradually, the pack started to thin as onlookers became painfully aware that Kevin would not answer Gabriel’s challenge.
“See Kevin, even the sheep who worship you here are seeing that you’re not just a coward but a liar!” Gabriel yelled.
Kevin’s posture degenerated right before Gabriel’s eyes. Instead of standing proudly erect before a captive of audience, he slouched alone. With rounded shoulders, he hunched slightly.  His hands were now stuffed in the front pockets of his jeans.
More students departed. Some muttered negative comments about Kevin as they passed. His self-serving anecdotes would no longer have the potency they did earlier. Kevin had been humbled, shamed. 
Gabriel suppressed a triumphant smirk as he witnessed the effectiveness of his public chastisement of him. Kevin turned toward the driver’s side door of his black sports car and, careful to not meet Gabriel’s stare, climbed in. After starting the engine, he shifted into gear and accelerated quickly. Dirt kicked up and scattered as his tires spun. He left, unceremoniously, quickly.
Gabriel watched as Kevin sped off before turning to Melissa who had nervously witnessed the entire scene unfold.
Half-expecting Melissa to turn and run from him, Gabriel was pleasantly surprised when she approached him and wordlessly wrapped her arms around him
Chapter 24

After a long day at school that included three tests and a confrontation with Kevin Anderson, Gabriel was glad to leave. He regretted that he could not drive Melissa home; that they could not spend time together. He needed to go home. Terzini would be expecting him.
He reflected on the day as he drove, losing himself in thought until he arrived at his driveway. As he traveled the length of the gravel-filled path, the Gothic Victorian came into view. The house, positioned against the waning daylight, looked menacing. Its many striking edges were not softened by the shades of gold and orange, but intensified. It loomed darker in contrast, each angle sharpened, every slope steepened. It stood, a blackened castle against a fairytale-hued canvas of colors, cold and dark, puncturing the warm and brilliant backdrop. Pulling up to the garage, Gabriel noticed that the interior lights were on. Terzini was there.
Gabriel drove into the garage and turned off the engine of the Explorer. He remembered the last time his maker left the laboratory and visited the main house; the confrontation was fresh in his mind. Gabriel had already engaged in enough conflicts for one day. He did not need another.
He climbed out of his SUV, laden with concern, and entered the house through a door that led to the laundry room. He crossed the laundry room to a flight of stairs. As he ascended the staircase, anxiety hailed his every step. He paused briefly to listen for sounds of activity. None were heard and he continued, unsure whether stillness was a good sign.
Gabriel reached the top of the flight and stood before another door that opened to a hallway. The corridor led in one direction to a bathroom and the other to a formal living room and dining room. He listened again and still heard silence. The quiet was eerie, unsettling. 
Turning the knob and entering slowly, Gabriel did not see the geneticist at first. The bathroom door stood open, vacant. The formal dining room appeared unoccupied. Gabriel moved forward in search of what he could only imagine would turn out to be an unpleasant visit from Dr. Franklin Terzini. Surprisingly though, his maker was not seated on any furniture in the formal living room nor did he inhabit any corners in the room. He was nowhere in Gabriel’s field of vision. Perplexed, he remained where he was, in the center of the living room, wondering where exactly Terzini was.  
Finally, a man was heard clearing his throat from the kitchen. Surprised, Gabriel moved swiftly to the kitchen and entered only to find Terzini leaning against the granite countertop of the center island, one arm folded across his chest while the other feverishly stroked the lower half of his creased, scowling face. The petite genius appeared deep in thought and looked ill. His thick, neatly arranged jet-black hair provided a severe contrast against his skin that, even in the more forgiving glow offered by incandescent lighting, remained ashen, pallid.
“Hello, Dr. Terzini, sir,” Gabriel said careful to not reveal his growing unease.
His apprehension increased as Terzini did not reply right away. Rather, he waited, allowing his beady eyes to search Gabriel’s through wired-rimmed glasses perched on the bridge of his nose. Inside, Gabriel felt tense, worried. 
Finally, after what felt like an endless period of scrutiny, his maker elected to speak.
“Gabriel,” Terzini replied remotely.
“Can I be of any service to you, sir?” Gabriel offered still fraught with questions about the unscheduled encounter.
“Yes, Gabriel. You can,” Terzini began, enunciating each word with painstaking precision.  “I am going out of town for a few days. I am leaving Friday afternoon and I will be returning Sunday evening.”
“Yes sir,” Gabriel answered still unsure of where the conversation was headed.
“I demand that you stay home. Do you understand me, Gabriel?”
Suddenly, Terzini’s intention was clear; he feared rebellion. The bonfire incident had rattled him, made him distrustful of Gabriel.
“Yes sir.”
“You must remain here in this house, Gabriel. No bonfires, no skirmishes in the woods,” he commanded icily.
“Yes sir,” was all Gabriel would allow himself to say. Feigning complete compliance was crucial. 
“I want to be very explicit with my instructions. There should be no confusion. My instructions are not subject to interpretation.”
“Yes sir.”
“I do not wish to be carted off at a ghastly hour of the night to the local police station to verify your fabricated identity.”
“Yes sir.”
“It is essential that I make my demands clear as we both know what the consequences will be for noncompliance, Gabriel,” Terzini warned bitterly as he stepped toward him.
Involuntarily, Gabriel flinched when his maker advanced. His heart began to race and perspiration beaded his forehead.
Terzini appeared satisfied with the response he evoked and retreated, leaning once more against the counter. Only this time, his usually unreadable countenance bore the slightest trace of self-contentedness, arrogance.
Feeling his pulse rate return to normal and the tension releasing within him, Gabriel internally questioned what was happening to him. Melissa had evoked a similar physical response but it was accompanied by a pleasant fluttering sensation and heightened his senses; it roused and energized him. The phenomenon that occurred with Terzini’s advance was dissimilar. He felt paralyzed inside; dulled to his surroundings, save for the expression on his maker’s face.
“Gabriel, do you understand what is required of you?” the geneticist questioned, his tone terse and impersonal in nature.
“Yes sir. I do.”
“Very well then, I will return on Sunday sometime after five o’clock.”
After Terzini stressed his expectations during his absence, he promptly left.
Gabriel watched as his maker turned on his heels and strode out of the kitchen. The rhythmic clacking of his dress shoes could be heard echoing through the living room and dining room and down the flight of steps which led ultimately to the garage. 
Gabriel was shaken. Uncertain why his body responded as it did, he breathed deeply to steady himself. All the while he resisted the urge to call Melissa immediately and inform her that plans had changed; that he would have access to his car over the weekend. They would be free to be together. He opposed every compulsion that urged him to grab his phone and instead postponed texting Melissa with the good news until the sound of the garage door opening then closing could be heard. When both were heard, he immediately pulled his cellphone from the back pocket of his jeans and began texting.

***

Daniella drove Melissa home from school. She was happy to spend some time with Daniella, but she missed Gabriel. 
As they sat at her kitchen table chatting, three beeps sounded from Melissa’s phone. A text message had been sent to her.
Picking up her phone, Melissa was shocked to read the text message from Gabriel. It said that his father would be out of town for most of the weekend.  
They would not need to plan a double-date with another couple. They would not need to solicit favors from her friends. Gabriel and Melissa would go on an actual date. She was elated, overjoyed as she turned to Daniella and told her of the change of plans.
“Daniella, you’re not going to believe this,” she began. “Gabriel just texted me. His dad is going out of town for the weekend!”
“Get out! Really?”
“You know what this means right?” Melissa asked but didn’t wait for her friend to answer. “He and I can go out this weekend, on a date!”
“Oh my gosh! This is so awesome!” Daniella squealed. “But will your dad be okay with it?”
“I don’t see why not. I mean, Gabriel did pretty much save me…” 
Melissa’s voice trailed off as she briefly relived the night of the bonfire. 
“Melissa? Melissa? Hey! Are you okay?” Daniella was asking.
 “Yeah, I’m fine. It’s just everything that has happened, and is still happening, gets to me. It eats away at me every day. It would be impossible except, well, I mean, except for the Gabriel thing.”
She could not adequately explain to Daniella how much it meant to have Gabriel in her life, doubted it would sound anything less than corny. But their relationship was growing, developing. It was far more than a shared dislike of Kevin Anderson. She realized it was never about that. She liked Gabriel. He was easy to talk to, open, honest. Though run-ins with Kevin often prompted their time together, they spoke of other things, anything; everything. Gabriel was intelligent and a good listener. He laughed easily and seemed to genuinely enjoy her company. And he was gorgeous. She felt fortunate to know him.
Daniella seemed to recognize the dreamy-eyed expression on her face and asked, “You’ve really fallen for him, haven’t you?”
Bobbing her head with an enormous grin, Melissa replied, “Absolutely!”
“That’s so great,” Daniella gushed. “Have you two kissed yet?”
“Nope, we were about to, but guess who came up and offered way too much information about her monthly friend?”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Do I look as if I’m kidding?”
“Seriously? Please tell me Alexandra did not come up to you two as you were about to suck face and tell you about her period,” Daniella asked incredulously.
“Oh but she did,” Melissa laughed. “And it gets worse. She went on to tell us how constipated she was, also.”
Both girls grimaced before erupting into laughter.
“Stop it! You’re kidding me, right?” Daniella giggled.
“No I am not,” Melissa doubled over.
“Oh man, that girl is something else!”
“You’re telling me! But we love her!” Melissa managed, still laughing.
“We certainly do,” Daniella said between chuckles.
Blotting tears from her eyes, Daniella glanced at her wristwatch and sprang from her chair. 
“Wow! I didn’t realize it had gotten so late! I have to get home and start studying for my calculus test tomorrow.”
Melissa stood and began walking her friend to the front door. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” Daniella said as she collected her keys and her purse from the kitchen table.
“Sure will. Oh, and do you think you could come over maybe before my date? I’m going to ask Alexandra to come too. I could use some serious fashion advice from the two of you. You know I’m challenged in that area,” Melissa continued. “I want everything to be perfect.”
 “Don’t worry, we’ll be here to help, not that you need it. You’d look stunning in a Hefty bag.”
“You’re the best!” Melissa said as she crossed the distance between them and embraced her friend.
Daniella left and the evening progressed uneventfully as did the rest of the week
Chapter 25

The evening of Melissa’s highly anticipated date with Gabriel had finally come. Friday-a day of the week so beloved songs had been composed and performed in its honor-arrived at the end of a week that, though peppered with tests and papers to prepare for, proved an uneventful school week. In the busy days leading up to their date, Kevin Anderson and his followers were silent.  Melissa was grateful for their reticence, even if it were temporary. It gave her time to revel in expectation of her weekend plans with Gabriel.
As the designated time of their get-together rapidly approached, Melissa was anxious. Alexandra and Daniella had come and gone earlier in the day and offered Melissa a sufficient pep talk and their fashion expertise. They helped her select an ensemble that highlighted her physical attributes. The advice and support of her two best friends was indispensable. Together, they had managed to bolster her ever-fluctuating confidence and did nothing short of hold her hand as she dressed. 
After they left, however, Melissa began scrutinizing her appearance in her full-length mirror with less than kind eyes. Though she felt satisfied that her reflection looked as attractive as it possibly could, her overly critical, anxiety-riddled mind presented an opposing viewpoint. She blamed her negativity on hunger; nerves had kept her from eating a complete meal all day. She grazed on fruit, drank a glass of milk, nibbled on half a bagel, but never actually sat and ate a meal at any point of the day.  The combination of her nervousness and low blood sugar clouded her perception of herself, etched at her fragile self-image. It also made her head ache and her stomach churn.
But her overall excitement trumped her hunger and worry-induced symptoms. She turned from the mirror and took a slender glass bottle from her dresser. Then, after misting herself with a spritz of her favorite body spray, Melissa took a deep breath, shut her bedroom light and moved to the top of the staircase. Her palms were slick with sweat as she steadied herself and held the railing and descended the steep steps. Her hand squeaked as it traveled the length of the wooden banister.
“Dad!” she called out once at the bottom of the steps.
“In here!” he replied from the family room.
Melissa walked down the short hallway, across the living room and through the dining room before entering the most frequented room in the house.  
Her father sat at the wobbly desk that occupied the interior wall just past the entrance to the family room. He was seated in a faux-leather office chair, partially reclined, one hand on the mouse while the other held a can of Budweiser beer. A dual-tone beeping sounded from the computer speakers and alerted him that it was his turn to act in his Internet poker tournament.
“Hey Dad, I’m going,” she began.
“Just a sec, honey, I’m in this hand,” he said distractedly.
“I’m going out with Gabriel. He’ll be here any minute,” Melissa responded impatiently.
Her father slapped his hand down onto the desk, clearly unhappy with the outcome of the hand.
“Dad, focus here. Gabriel will be here any second. Do I look okay?”
“You look fine. Do you have money?”
“Yes Dad.”
“Do you have your phone?”
“Yes.”
“And the pepper spray I got you?”
“Yes Dad. But I highly doubt I’ll need to pepper spray Gabriel.”
“Look, I like the guy as much as a father can like his teenage daughter’s boyfriend, but you never know. After the whole thing with that Anderson clown, I don’t want you taking chances.” 
She watched as her father’s face turned an angry scarlet at his mention of Kevin Anderson. He worked to compose himself before chiding, “You’re lucky I don’t tag along as a chaperone,” then smiled impishly.
Melissa leaned down and kissed her father on his smooth-shaven head. 
“Bye Dad. Love you.”
“Love you, Missy. Have fun. Be home by midnight.”
“Fine,” she agreed.
With a few moments to spare, she ambled toward the front door. 
As she did so, the doorbell chimed. 
Melissa nearly sprinted to the front door. She couldn’t manipulate the knob fast enough and nearly cursed before opening the door.  When she finally did, Gabriel stood at the threshold.  
Even in the shadowy light provided by the exterior fixture, Gabriel was exquisite, his every feature superb. He smiled admiringly at Melissa. 
“You look beautiful,” he complimented.
“Thanks. You do, too,” she fumbled then blushed at her gaffe. “I mean, you look great. Come in. I just need to get my jacket.” 
Melissa held the door open as Gabriel entered her home. Once he was inside, she walked to the hall closet and snatched her coat from a plastic hanger. Before she maneuvered it on her body, Gabriel took it from her and held it so she could simply slide her arms in the sleeves. 
His gesture gave her goose bumps. They covered every part of her skin his hands brushed against; every inch he touched came to life.
“Hey Gabriel,” her father called from the family room, promptly interrupting her multisensory experience.
“Hi Mr. Martin,” Gabriel called back.
“Have fun and be safe. Her curfew is midnight. Not a moment later,” her dad warned.
“Yes sir. She will be home on time. I promise.”
Melissa and Gabriel walked out together to his waiting Ford Explorer in the driveway. The engine was still running. Gabriel opened the passenger side door for Melissa. 
“The movie starts in half an hour so we’ll have plenty of time to get our tickets and popcorn and find seats,” Gabriel began.
“I hear this movie is really scary. I just want to warn you, I’m a big chicken when it comes to horror flicks.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll protect you,” Gabriel offered jokingly.
“You think I’m kidding. The last time I went to the movies with Alex and Melissa, I kept a napkin over my face and peeked out from behind it.”
Gabriel laughed then seemed to notice that Melissa’s expression was earnest. 
“If things get too intense, we can leave. I promise. Or we can see another movie if you’d like,” he offered. “I just want you to have a good time.”
“That’s so nice of you, really, but I checked the time clock and the movie is a little less than an hour and a half with credits” she reasoned. “So really, it’ll only be an hour and change of terrifying scenes for me to deal with. I think I’ll manage.”
“Wow. You’ve really got this all worked out,” Gabriel smiled.
“Yep,” Melissa answered touching her index finger to her temple and rolling her eyes. “I’ve got an exceptional mind for planning,” she said mocking herself.
“You’re really silly, has anyone ever told you that?”
“Not recently, not since I was, like, five years old.”
“Well you are; pretty, but silly.”
Melissa’s pulse quicken at the compliment. It didn’t slow until Gabriel pulled onto Route 9 and drove toward the neighboring town of Darling. The movie he and Melissa were to see was playing at the Regal Cinemas at the Darling Galleria. 
Turning in to the entrance of the mall, Gabriel asked Melissa “I was thinking, maybe after the movie we could go out for a late dinner. What do you think?”
“That sounds great. Honestly, I was too excited to eat earlier,” Melissa admitted as a crimson flush spread across her cheeks.
“That makes two of us,” Gabriel confessed then reached across the console and took Melissa’s hand in his.
She felt her heart beat wildly and goose bumps dimpling her skin again. 
After finding a parking spot, Gabriel and Melissa walked, holding hands, to the theater and bought their tickets.  They chose a movie about a young woman who suffers the misfortune of demonic possession.
Nestled in theater seats, they positioned their bodies as closely as possible. With fingers entwined and shoulders touching, the film began. Terrifying and horrific images flashed on the screen from the start. Satanic forces had assumed proprietorship of a teenage girl who went on a ritualistic murdering spree. 
Typically, Melissa would have found the movie too intense, too frightening and would have opted to leave. With Gabriel beside her, the focus was not on what was projected but on the person next to her.  Melissa could not concentrate on the movie, even if she wanted to, it would have been an impossible feat. 
Her insides quivered excitedly as Gabriel’s thumb stroked the soft skin on the underside of her wrist. Melissa longed to feel his lips on hers but intuited that it was not the right moment.
Mercifully, after the opening and closing credits were extracted, the movie was a little more than an hour and a half. Melissa and Gabriel left the cinema with all the other movie-goers and walked out to Gabriel’s Explorer.
“Are you hungry?” Gabriel questioned.
“Amazingly, yes,” Melissa answered.
“And what’s so amazing about that?”
“Well, I can’t imagine how anyone would want to eat after seeing that movie. I mean, the possessed girl ate a human heart for heaven’s sake!” she returned.
“That was pretty gross. I can’t imagine I’ll be eating any rare meat tonight, that’s for sure,” Gabriel joked.
“Yeah, I’m thinking salad or anything without meat for me,” Melissa kidded back.
The drive from the movie theater to a local franchise restaurant opposite the movie theater on Route 9 was short.
 As they walked in, Melissa noticed that the restaurant was crowded and very loud. Background music blared and diners were forced to shout conversationally to compensate. The combination was distracting, deafening. 
To add to the already suffering ambience, a rowdy group occupied the stools at the bar. A collection of men and women clad in professional attire had assembled for happy hour and remained long after it had ended. Melissa and Gabriel exchanged glances as she silently hoped they would be accommodated far from them.
They were ushered to a table away from the loud group at the bar. Melissa was thankful until she realized their table was in the center of one of three dining areas. After they were seated, the hostess handed them their menus and told them a server would be with them shortly. 
Melissa glanced at her wristwatch.  Time raced at an unprecedented speed. Two hours into their date, Melissa and Gabriel had yet to spend time alone together.  Peeved by this last fact and determined to spend some time talking to Gabriel, she silently vowed to order the simplest to prepare and quickest to consume meal the restaurant offered. 
A server arrived and rattled on about drink, appetizer, entrée and dessert offers. Though she recognized that the waiter was doing his job, Melissa wanted to scream. She did not, however, but waited patiently until he finished the specials list before ordering a Caesar salad and diet cola. Gabriel took her cue and ordered the same meal she did. 
After meals were served and consumed and the tableware was cleared, Gabriel and Melissa waited impatiently for their bill to arrive. They then paid and left quickly.
Stepping out into the crisp and comparably quiet fall evening, Melissa felt relieved; the best part of their date was before them. As they climbed back into Gabriel’s SUV, though, the clock on the dashboard warned that their time was limited.
Gabriel seemed attuned to their pressing time constraint and did not ask about a future destination. Instead, he drove to the East Fallkill Recreation Center.
Following the familiar long and winding driveway passed tennis courts and baseball fields, a concession building and a football field, Gabriel drove to the exact location Kevin Anderson had taken Melissa to. Instead of being filled with a sense of dread, however, Melissa felt electrified.
“At school, I overheard that this place was pretty quiet, private. I know what most people do when they come here so let me say up front that I am not going to try any of that with you. You have my word,” Gabriel began.
Slightly disappointed, Melissa followed with, “Oh, yeah, of course not.”
“I came here because I want to be alone with you, where it’s quiet and close to your house. If this makes you uncomfortable, we can leave,” Gabriel said sounding nervous.
“No, no. This is fine. I’m fine,” Melissa fumbled. “Actually, I’m better than fine.”
“Me, too,” he agreed. “Oh, and by the way, I set the alarm on my watch so it will beep at ten minutes before midnight. I don’t want to risk bringing you home late for two reasons.”
“And what are they?” she asked playfully.
“First is that frankly, your dad scares me a little. And second, if you were to be late and your dad decided not to kill me, he would definitely ground you and that would ruin our weekend plans.”
“Gotcha,” she asserted.
“Are you sure this is okay, Melissa? Cause if this place freaks you out, we can go.” 
“No, really Gabriel, I’m fine. I trust that you’re not going to, like, maul me or something. I mean, considering everything that’s been going on, the only reason I haven’t had a breakdown or something is because of you.” 
Melissa blushed deeply at her admission and was thankful for the concealment of night.
Seconds fled into minutes and minutes hurried into an hour as time rushed by. Melissa and Gabriel chatted about everything yet nothing at all. She observed how she was not the only person engrossed in every word being spoken. Gabriel was outwardly intent and focused as well. He seemed to savor the fleeting moments as she did.
As time sped on and midnight fast approached, Gabriel took Melissa’s hand in his and brought it to his lips. Pressing his full, soft lips to the top of her hand, her pulse quickened. Her stomach flipped and stirred and she felt a foreign sensation. She shivered and felt goose bumps emerge on every inch of her skin.
Gabriel brought her hand away from his mouth and rested it on the center console, still enveloped in his.
“Melissa, I feel so much for you,” he confessed. “Feelings I’ve never experienced before, feelings I never knew I had.” 
The sincerity of his admission, the unabashed truth of his words made Melissa’s eyes moisten with emotion. 
Gabriel continued, “I’ve never loved anyone in my life, Melissa, but I can honestly say that I’m falling for you.” 
“I feel the same way,” Melissa said in a voice trembling with affection.
Still holding her hand in his, Gabriel turned to face Melissa. He gently pulled her hand toward him and almost sent her into cardiac arrest as her heart raced madly, uncontrollably. Her mind swam with apprehension. She feared her inexperience would hinder his romantic effort. The thunderous palpitations of her heart did not help matters. 
With one hand in hers, Gabriel lifted his other. It trembled slightly as it touched her cheek. Melissa recognized his tremor as nervousness as well. Encouraged, she brought her face closer to his, in expectation. Gabriel tilted his head to one side and slowly moved his lips to meet hers.
As he drew nearer, Melissa felt breathless. She felt the world spinning on its axis. She was lightheaded, giddy as he pressed his lips to hers chastely. His mouth was warm, his lips soft and supple. She delighted in their heat. Her heart continued to pound fervidly, threatened to escape the containment of her ribcage. She was completely unprepared for the euphoric sensation his lips inspired. She felt high in every sense of the word. 
Then, with an unceremonious trio of beeps emitted from Gabriel’s wristwatch, Melissa and Gabriel were brusquely reminded of the time. 
Their kiss ended. It was time for her to go home.
Unhappily, Melissa accepted that their evening was over as Gabriel turned on the headlamps of his Ford Explorer and began navigating the curved pathway out of the East Fallkill Recreation Center. 
The drive lasted less than ten minutes, ample time to deflate the emotions that surged and swelled moments ago.  Gabriel turned onto Blackstone Drive before stopping at number fifty.  He pulled into the driveway and switched off the headlights. 
Dreading the valedictory portion of their every encounter was something Melissa had become used to. This night was no exception. In fact, it proved more difficult than usual. They acknowledged their feelings for each other, and sealed them with a singular kiss. 
“I guess I have to go in,” Melissa said dejectedly.
“I’ll miss you,” Gabriel affirmed.
“I’ll miss you, too.”
“I’ll call you in the morning. We can talk about our plans for tomorrow night. I was thinking maybe we could just hang out at my house. I can cook you dinner,” Gabriel offered.
With spirits buoyed anew, Melissa smiled at his suggestion. “That sounds like a great idea. I can’t wait. I can make something if you’d like.”
“That won’t be necessary. I’d love the opportunity to showcase my culinary skills…for my girlfriend.”
Melissa took great pleasure in hearing Gabriel refer to her as his girlfriend.
The outside light flickered. Her father was awake and summoning her.
“Looks like I've got to go,” Melissa said as she gestured to the flickering fixture. “My dad is so subtle.”
Gabriel climbed out of the driver’s seat and came around to open the passenger side door for Melissa.
“He just cares about you. And I do too. What I mean to say is,” Gabriel stalled momentarily.
“I love you, Melissa.” 
“I love you, too,” she replied suddenly electrified, enlivened.
“Goodnight Melissa”
“Goodnight,” Melissa said and gave Gabriel a peck on the cheek and dashed inside.
Chapter 26

Gabriel drove away from Melissa’s house on Blackstone Drive.  His heart thumped wildly as he replayed the evening in his mind, how Melissa’s fingers interlaced with his, how her lips melded with his. His hand unconsciously touched his mouth as if searching for a sensation that lingered and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. Her words resonated in his ears, three in particular. The expression she articulated, I love you, was indelibly imprinted in his core. He had never heard those words spoken together, for him. Melissa loved him. She had said so herself. She professed the most profound of feelings a human being could have for another, for him. 
Although that fact evoked an emotional and physical response more potent than any book or movie could convey, guilt circled Gabriel, stalked him as a ferocious beast shadows its prey.
He turned down the long driveway leading to his house. As he pulled his Explorer in to one of three garage ports, self-reproach descended on him, tore at him with fanged teeth.  He squeezed his eyes tightly shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. Everything about him was a lie. His home and his relationship with Terzini, why he was in Harbingers Falls, his existence, were all carefully crafted lies. Shame overwhelmed him. Closing his eyes and depressing pressure points would not lessen his burden, though. He knew that such actions were irrelevant, ineffective. Hampered by despair, he reluctantly exited his SUV.
His stomach rolled as he crossed the threshold of the beautiful house. It stood as a beacon, an elaborate reminder of his many falsehoods. The structure, bought not by his father as he had led Melissa Martin to believe, but by Dr. Franklin Terzini, enabled research and development; the same research and development that led to his creation. 
Dr. Franklin Terzini was responsible for his existence, had created him, but not as other men claimed responsibility for their offspring’s actuality. Gabriel’s maker had hand-selected and altered each strand of his DNA. Terzini was singly accountable for his being, had offered little more than his genius to achieve it. 
Gabriel knew Dr. Terzini had acquired the genetic material of others, how he had preyed on those who sought the help of fertility specialists to enhance their chances of conception, and had exploited them. Utilizing several pseudonyms and the anonymity proffered by the World Wide Web, his maker had relieved countless fertility candidates of their samples but never united them as they had hoped. Instead, he engineered their matter to suit his scientific pursuits. He used it to create Gabriel.
Yet Gabriel did not view himself as an innovation, an idea realized. Nor did he regard himself as a product of corrupt activity. Rather, he considered himself as human as anyone he encountered thus far–more so in some cases. He wondered if presented with the truth, Melissa would deem him a monster. After all, she had not been given the opportunity to know what he really was. Melissa was not privy to the secrets of Gabriel’s formation. 
Remorse slashed at Gabriel, threatened to consume him. He had lied to the one person he cared about, the one person on Earth who cared for him in return. 
It became painfully clear that he needed to tell her the truth. He attempted rationalization, telling himself that if she loved him as she said she did, surely she would understand. But the reality of the situation was that he would not know until he told her.
Gabriel retired to his room and undressed. He desperately needed rest, a reprieve from the unrelenting reflections that raided his psyche. But sleep eluded him. Torment supplanted slumber. He tossed and turned before surrendering his battle with insomnia and conceding defeat. 
Instead of repose, he sought solace in his favorite volumes of literature. He took his sketch pad from beneath his bed but could not draw save for the exquisite lines of Melissa’s face. Every attempt at comfort failed. So he lay awake in his bed as the night progressed slowly, torturously until daybreak finally arrived.
He watched from his window as dawn crept at an equally cruel pace and the sun began its indolent ascent from the horizon line.  Reluctant rays lazily stretched and strained against the indigo heavens. A new day slowly emerged.
The rising sun signified a reckoning; it was the day Gabriel would confide in Melissa his deepest and darkest secret. He would tell her of his origins. 
Motivated by an intense desire to please and impress Melissa, Gabriel began preparing and planning for his evening with her. He showered and shaved then brushed his teeth before making breakfast for himself.  After assessing the state of his house, he decided he would need to clean each room. He also planned to cook a romantic dinner for Melissa. But before doing so, he consulted an Italian cookbook and chose a recipe he considered both palatable and appropriate for the occasion. After deciding on a salad appetizer, a linguine and shrimp main course and a decadent dessert, he formulated a shopping list and went shopping.
Busied by various chores, the day passed quickly; more quickly than Gabriel had expected. Shopping, cleaning and cooking had taken several hours. But he performed such tasks with relative ease.  As part of his multifaceted learning program, domestic maintenance had an integral role. 
His education embraced every nuance of etiquette. As a result, Gabriel had arranged a table setting that would have impressed Martha Stewart. Satisfied with his tableware arrangement complete with fresh flowers and candles, he double-checked that his shrimp linguine dish, perfected with fresh Portobello mushrooms and freshly made linguine he had prepared after his grocery excursion, was simmering not burning. 
Another phase of his comprehensive education included the acquisition of culinary skills. Gabriel had cooking competences comparable to world-renowned chefs. His maker valued the concept of a Renaissance man and held that his gift to the world should not merely have generous genetic endowments, but also be highly skilled in multiple fields and multiple disciplines and should have a broad base of knowledge. 
In Gabriel’s accelerated learning curricula, exposure to numerous focuses was compulsory. Consequently, he was fluent in seven languages, had unsurpassed spatial awareness that gave him generous artistic ability and was proficient in cuisine creation, philosophy, astronomy, religious studies and literary techniques and analysis.
Cooking was one of Gabriel’s many learned skills that he found enjoyable, especially under the current circumstances. The speed with which he comprehended and executed each subtlety of the craft was courtesy of his superior genes. The pleasure he felt while preparing such fare on this night was credited singularly to Melissa Martin. The thought of her delighting in delicacies prepared by his hands excited Gabriel, filled him with a sense of contentment. 
He smiled as he checked the strawberry tiramisu he had constructed. Melissa had a sweet tooth. Because of her fondness for sweets, he believed a store-bought version of this dessert would not be sufficient. He considered every strawberry he hulled, cleaned and quartered them, contemplated the brand of rum used and brooded over the quality of the mascarpone cheese selection at the grocery store. He deliberated over every detail.
After a quick check of the time, Gabriel went upstairs to his bedroom and dressed. He selected a royal blue button-down shirt and khaki chinos. 
At 5:15 p.m. Gabriel went to the garage and started his SUV. He pulled out and drove the length of his winding driveway and drove to Melissa’s house. 
As he traveled the now familiar route, a pang of sadness struck him. He wondered if he would be driving this route with happiness and exhilaration ever again. After hearing the news that she was about to receive, Melissa may never want to see him again. 
Panic seized Gabriel as he entertained the very real possibility of her rejection. His heart pounded. His palms slickened with sweat. His breathing became shallow. He fought the urge to pull his car off the road and vomit. Instead, he settled on opening the windows. The fresh air helped, but did not fully calm his fears.
After a brief blast of chilly air, he felt slightly better. He put his windows up and turned on the heating system as he turned on to Blackstone Drive. He did so for Melissa; she was always cold and would appreciate the warmth. He left the ignition on as he went to the front door to get her.
Melissa appeared seconds after he sounded the doorbell. Gabriel smiled when she opened the door.
“You look breathtaking,” he admired.
“Thanks,” Melissa said blushing slightly. “I went shopping this morning. Alexandra helped me pick out this outfit.”
Melissa looked sleek and sexy in dark-wash, fitted skinny jeans and black leather riding boots that rose to mid-calf. Her top was feminine and befitting her personality. Ensconced in pale pink, Melissa donned a camisole topped with a cropped cotton cardigan that fell to her hips.
Her emerald-green eyes, lined with charcoal liner and mascara, smoldered. Melissa looked stunning. Gabriel fumbled as he reached for her coat.
Her long, light-brown hair cascaded down to her elbows.  Several curls tumbled over one shoulder. As Gabriel helped Melissa with her coat, she lifted her hair from beneath the woolen material. He detected a warm vanilla scent with caramel and coconut undertones, Melissa’s signature fragrance. Each time he inhaled it, he was intoxicated anew. 
She looked up at him, caught him grinning as he relished in her fragrance. 
 “Ready to go?” she asked.	
“Yep. Let’s go.”
“Bye Dad!” Melissa called out to her father.
“Remember, midnight, Gabriel. Not a moment later,” he called back.
“Yes sir,” Gabriel replied.
Gabriel opened the passenger side door for Melissa before climbing back into the driver’s seat of his Ford Explorer and pulling out of Melissa’s driveway.
Smiling and holding hands, Gabriel and Melissa drove in comfortable silence.
As they turned on to the private road that doubled as his driveway, his impressive home came into sight.
“Gabriel! Your house is…spectacular!” Melissa marveled. “I mean, you didn’t tell me you were rich!”
“Well, technically, I’m not,” he offered only half-joking.
“This house is amazing. It should be on the cover of Architectural Digest or something.”
“Thanks, I think.”
“No, seriously, Gabriel, it’s a compliment. Wow. Now I’m sorry I let you see my house,” she kidded.
“What do you mean? I love your house.”
“You live here. You cannot possibly love my house,” Melissa countered sarcastically.
“Yours is a home. Mine is just a house.”
“Is there a difference?” Melissa inquired.
“A house is where you sleep, eat and shower, where you exist. A home is where you live, where you make happy memories and, I don’t know, grow as a person.”
“Huh,” she said and looked as though she were considering his words. “That’s really deep. I mean, you’re pretty much saying that you’re not happy here, with your dad. Is that right?”
Cringing at the word “dad” but weighing the sincerity of each word as he spoke them, Gabriel proposed, “Not before tonight.”
Melissa did not respond verbally. Instead, parked in the garage of his house, she leaned over and gently kissed him on the lips.
“Let’s go inside. Dinner is ready and waiting for us,” Gabriel declared, still reeling slightly from the spontaneous kiss.
Melissa let herself out of the Explorer before he could get to the passenger side door.
“Hey, what was that about?” he asked jokingly.
“Gabriel, you don’t have to do that whole door-opening thing for me. I mean, it’s so sweet and gentlemanly of you to even want to, but really, it’s not necessary,” Melissa said.
“It’s not a chore. I like to. Besides, it’s part of who I am, how I was taught.”
“Then I stand corrected,” Melissa smiled. “By all means, open as many doors for me as you like. Knock yourself out,” she kidded.
As if on cue, Gabriel opened the door of the laundry room for Melissa and grandly stated, “After you!”
Laughing, Melissa crossed the threshold and ascended the flight of stairs with Gabriel in tow.
At the top of the staircase, Gabriel opened another door for Melissa and used the same exaggerated statement.
Melissa and Gabriel, both giggling, stepped into the hallway of his house. 
He watched as her eyes widened upon seeing the gleaming hardwood flooring that extended the length of the hallway into the formal living room and dining room.
“This place is amazing,” Melissa commented as she surveyed the living space. 
Gabriel knew of his creator’s eye for decorative design. Though Terzini was continuously distracted by improving on his many achievements and chose to live primarily in a bunker, he did have an eye for beauty. Every piece of furniture in the Gothic Victorian exuded refined taste and high quality. Impressive but not ostentatious, leather sofas were positioned around a grand fireplace and resembled furnishings befitting an exclusive hunt club. With cigar-hued distressed leather finish and fabric upholstery, the appointments were equal parts intimidating and inviting. 
In the center of the arrangement of sofas, a hand-crafted mahogany coffee table rested atop an intricately designed area rug that incorporated the rooms earth-toned color scheme.  On the exquisite coffee table was a hand-painted rectangular black and bronze planter with an intricate fruit design painted on it. Artificial cream colored flowers and several pieces of wax fruit filled the planter.  On the mantle of the massive, antique eggshell marble fireplace, an array of cream colored vases adorned with delicate brown flowers sat. Two of the walls were lined with mahogany bookcases filled with books and extended from floor to ceiling. The remaining two walls were painted a light brown and trimmed with off-white crown moldings,
“Gabriel, I don’t even know what to say. This place is…wow. I mean where do I begin?”
Embarrassed, Gabriel did not acknowledge Melissa’s awe. 
“I hope you’re hungry,” he faltered. 
“I’m starving,” she replied as her eyes roamed the room. “But seriously, this place is a palace. I mean, I thought the outside was spectacular! You are so never allowed in my house again,” she teased.
Then, wrapping her arms around his waist Melissa added, “Hey, you okay? I’m sorry if I’m acting like, I don’t know, I’ve never worn shoes before or something.”
Gabriel looked at her, puzzled. 
“What does that even mean?” he asked.
“Honestly, I have no idea,” Melissa laughed.
Melissa’s arms encircling him and her melodious laughter relaxed him marginally. Tension still remained as the most daunting task was still before him. He had yet to share his secret with Melissa.
She released her grip on Gabriel and he reluctantly freed her from his reciprocal embrace. He led her to the dining room. 
As they entered, Gabriel watched Melissa. Her mouth fell open at the layout before her, the oversized cherry wood table flanked by upholstered cushioned chairs in a rich garnet shade, how the colors of the fabric were all in the same color scheme as the walls and drapery and contrasted the cream colored crown molding.  
The room was illuminated by an ornate crystal chandelier and tapered cranberry candles arranged in a sterling silver candelabra. Every article in the space was lustrous, radiant. The chandelier sparkled, reflecting and refracting light. The silver of the candleholder glistened with the reflective properties of a mirror. Polished and perfect, every appointment resembled that of a royal chamber.
A runner lay in the center of the table. The fabric, an identical shade of blood red to the walls, candles and fabric covering of the chairs, was freshly laundered and pressed. Fine crystal stem wear, utensils and china were arranged deliberately, expertly. Gabriel took his time arranging, polishing, laundering and ironing each article. He wanted the evening to be special, unforgettable. 
 “Gabriel, who did all of this?”
“I did,” he said.
“Are you kidding me?” she asked, her voice almost a whisper. “You did this yourself, for me?”
“Yes,” Gabriel answered simply.
Melissa’s eyes filled with tears as she spoke. 
“This is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me. This must have taken you all day.”
He did not speak.
“Please tell me you have a cleaning service that just came today at least.”
“Nope. No cleaning service.”
“Oh my gosh!” Melissa said covering her mouth in astonishment. “This place is, like, sparkling. I mean, it’s beyond clean. It’s immaculate. All of the silverware is freshly polished. The table is downright glossy. Everything is gleaming!” she exclaimed. “So much preparation, so much work went into this. I can’t begin to tell you how much this means to me; how much I appreciate all that you’ve done, Gabriel.”
“There’s no need to try. I enjoyed all of it because it was for you. Now, can I persuade you, perhaps to sit down and eat?”
“Yes, of course. What’s on the menu? Surely, you didn’t have time to cook right?”
“Oh no, I cooked. I made linguine with a creamy shrimp and Portobello mushroom sauce and,” Gabriel began.
“Hold on a sec,” Melissa interrupted. “I am sorry for cutting you off, but, you made a fancy dinner for me and cleaned and arranged this elaborate table setting?”
“Guilty as charged,” Gabriel said sheepishly.
“I may need to lie down or something,” Melissa joked. “I mean, my head is spinning. Is there anything you can’t do? Your grades are fantastic and you don’t seem to ever study so you’re, like, a genius, you’re pretty much Martha Stewart at home and you look like an underwear model.” 
Gabriel watched as Melissa’s face turned the crimson color of the drapery at her last divulgence. 
“I’m sorry about that last part,” she stammered and blushed more deeply. “But really, you’re polite and chivalrous. I could go on and on. You’re unlike anyone I know or have ever known. What the hell are you doing with plain old me?”
Struggling with the confession that remained to be imparted, Gabriel measured each word before uttering them.
“First of all, there is nothing plain, or old, about you. You are perfect. I love everything about you,” Gabriel admitted. “And part of what I’m hoping to talk to you about tonight, that is, if we ever manage to eat dinner, is about my origins, why I am the way I am.”
Wordlessly, Melissa turned to Gabriel and kissed him tenderly on the cheek before seating herself in the chair he stood behind.
Gabriel disappeared into the kitchen. When he returned, he carried two heavy, salad plates laden with various field greens, ripe cherry tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese. He relished in the moment that Melissa inhaled deeply and smelled the tangy-sweet aroma of aged balsamic vinegar. 
“My gosh. Even the salad smells terrific,” she said. “The dressing, it smells so sweet.”
Gabriel did not respond. Instead, he smiled and returned to the kitchen a second time. He reappeared with a decanter of sparkling water and a carafe of white wine. In one of the two crystal glasses in each setting he poured water, in the other, wine.
He then seated himself in a crimson armed chair at the head of the table, placed his burgundy cloth napkin in his lap and waited for Melissa to eat before doing so himself.
After eating their salads, Gabriel cleared the emptied plates and vanished into the kitchen. He reentered with dinner plates. He served shrimp and Portobello mushrooms atop linguine. He garnished the main course with fresh parsley and carrots peeled carefully and precisely to form a rose. He was pleased with the overall presentation but awaited Melissa’s seal of approval.
“This looks wonderful,” she complimented.
“Thanks,” Gabriel smiled as he went to the kitchen and retrieved a chunk of fresh parmesan cheese and a handheld grater.
He began shredding the granular block over her dish. Flakes of aromatic cheese fell on her food. 
“Thank you,” Melissa said.
“Sorry. I didn’t even ask you if you like Parmigiano-Reggiano. It just compliments the sauce so nicely.  Try it. If you hate it, I’ll get you a fresh serving.”
“No this is fine. I trust your judgment.”
Gabriel watched intently as Melissa took her first bite, how she closed her eyes, seemed to savor the rich flavors. He guessed she was enjoying the meal he lovingly prepared for her. He was pleased.
“This is outstanding!” she complimented enthusiastically. “Did you go to culinary school in Russia?”
“No not exactly, but I did read a lot of cookbooks.”
“You have a talent. You really do. I mean, I can read a cookbook, but I would not be able to do this,” Melissa said gesturing to her dinner.
Gabriel shrugged and raised his hands self-consciously, “Thank you. I think.”
“You are so humble, too. I’d be bragging like crazy if I could do all that you do.”
“I’m just not used to the attention, that’s all; all of the compliments.”
“Well, don’t expect me to stop. You’re going to have to learn to deal with it,” Melissa teased.
Gabriel leaned across the table and kissed Melissa’s lips. He smiled then continued eating.
Once dinner was eaten and the tableware cleared, Gabriel brought out his strawberry tiramisu. 
“Would you like to eat this in front of the fireplace?” he asked.
“Are we allowed to? I mean, I’m kind of clumsy. If I spill something, I’ll just die.”
“It’s just furniture. I’ll drop something first if it will make you feel better.”
“It just might,” Melissa kidded.
“Grab the wine and glasses and I’ll bring the dessert.”
“I’m so full, I can’t imagine eating another bite, but this tiramisu looks so delicious. My sweet tooth wins I guess.”
Gabriel placed the plates on the mahogany coffee table and began arranging wood in the fireplace. Once the wood was positioned correctly, Gabriel lit a long match. The fire was started. 
The combination of Melissa’s fragrance and the burning wood mingled with the warm, rich notes of the leather of the couches. The scent was inviting, enchanting. No one had ever sat on the upholstery, much less entertained in the room. Neither he nor Terzini had ever used the formal space or the fireplace. Everything was new, pristine.  
Melissa was a glorious image framed by the striking setting. Each of her features was illuminated by the firelight, the gold of her hair was softened further, irradiated; the clarity of her porcelain skin, brightened; and her green eyes glowed and danced, brilliant, enlivened. She faced Gabriel. Their knees touched. He struggled to repress the urge to take her in his arms and leave, take her away from Harbingers Falls and Dr. Terzini, from the truth. But he knew he could not. She deserved better. She deserved to know. He braced himself, preparing for the words he was about to speak, words that could never be unspoken.
“Melissa, the love I feel for you,” Gabriel began. “It’s a new feeling for me. I’ve never loved anyone before. My feelings for you were… unexpected.”
“I love you too, Gabriel. I wasn’t expecting to fall in love either. I mean, this is a first for me too.”
“There are some things about me, really serious things that you don’t know about,” he added softly.
Kindles twirled and danced about the tinder before enveloping it entirely in flames.
“You’re not a serial killer are you,” Melissa attempted comically. “I like Dexter as much as the next person but being in love with a serial killer might be a bit much for me.”
Gabriel loved her sense of humor; saw how she used it to defuse awkward or tense situations. He couldn’t resist indulging her and seeing her dazzling smile, perhaps for the last time.
“No. I’m definitely not a serial killer,” he said with a wry smile. “And who is Dexter? Do I know him?”
“It’s this amazing show about a blood spatter expert who works for Miami Metro Police by day but by night, he methodically picks off serial killers,” she said excitedly.  “He’s like a vigilante, but a killer, too. You find yourself loving this guy even though most people would consider him a monster.”
Her last point intrigued him. Gabriel added, “That’s very interesting. Do you like this Dexter character?”
“Oh yes. Absolutely!”
“Huh. It sounds like a show I’d like, too. Be sure to let me know when it’s on.” 
“I will, and sorry for going off on a tangent there. You were about to share something and since I’m nervous that you’re going to tell me that you have a wife and kids in Russia or something, I’m rattling on and on.”
“I promise I don’t have a wife and kids in Russia.”
Melissa took a deep breath, looked as though she were steeling herself for bad news. 
“Okay. Let me hear these serious things about you, Gabriel,” she said.
“First, the most important thing for you to know is that I love you, okay.” 
Gabriel inhaled and exhaled deeply. 
“The man I live with is Dr. Franklin Terzini. He is a geneticist, a genius really, who has made unparalleled strides in his field of research and development of cloning.” 
Gabriel paused and inhaled deeply again. Then in a calm, measured voice he uttered, “He created me. But he is by no means my father.”
“Well, father is a subjective term. I mean, of course he created you. You don’t have to love him for that.”
“No, Melissa, you don’t understand.”
“Sure I do. I can understand how that could happen,” she began.
“Melissa everything about me is a lie,” he interrupted desperate to voice what needed to be said. “He didn’t create me conventionally…with a woman or anything.”
“So you were adopted?” she asked then paused. “Wait, what? I ‘m not sure I understand.”
“Dr. Terzini created me.  He harvested eggs and sperm from unsuspecting donors, altered the DNA and made me.”
Melissa stood. Her expression was stricken. “What?” she managed. “Gabriel, you’re not making any sense.”
Abashed and terrified that she would walk out immediately, Gabriel pleaded, “Please sit down. Let me explain everything.”
To his surprise, she complied and reluctantly sat.
“Melissa, I love you. Just promise me you’ll keep that in your mind while I tell you everything. Okay?”
“Yes sure. Just tell me!” she insisted.
“Okay,” he said knowing full well he was setting circumstances into motion, the results of which he was uncertain of, terrified by. 
“Dr. Terzini, he specializes in human cloning. He used to work here in the states with the Human Cloning Organization but felt too restricted by government watch dog groups. He wanted to further his research and development but couldn’t do so with all the administrative restraints in place. So he left the country and went to the Kamchatka Peninsula in the Russian Far East. Terzini set up a state-of-the-art underground facility and continued his work off the grid. You see, Terzini has this vision. He wants to change the world. He feels the human species suffers from emotionally charged decisions. Terzini believes that if emotion is factored out, wars would end, drug addiction, political corruption, and terrorism in all its forms would all end.”
“Okay. So this Terzini guy, this genius geneticist you live with, he went rogue and fled the country to Russia?” Melissa asked warily.
“Yes. I was created there,” Gabriel said as tears burned down his cheeks.
Shaking her head in disbelief Melissa’s voice quavered, “You keep using that word, created, like this doctor put you together piece by piece like Frankenstein’s monster or something. What does this mean?” she panicked.
“Dr. Terzini changed the DNA he came across. He improved it. His alterations eliminated every emotional point in my brain so I could use a greater amount of brain matter and have higher cognitive functioning.”
“What?” Melissa demanded incredulously. “What does this all mean? You’re not telling me!”
“I’m saying I am a new version of human beings Terzini will create.”
“So what does that mean? This is all an act? All of this love stuff! For what reason?” Melissa ordered as she got to her feet.
“Melissa, please sit down,” Gabriel begged.
“No thanks. I’m fine where I am.”
Melissa’s face had hardened. She was no longer readable, no longer open.
“Listen. I was designed not to feel anything. That was Terzini’s plan. But,”
Melissa cut Gabriel off. 
“Oh! Wait a second! I get it now. How could I be so stupid! Now I realize what’s going on here.” 
Melissa touched her forehead as if visualizing her epiphany. 
“This is your deranged idea of a breakup! It makes perfect sense!” she began. “I’ve heard about guys who make a nice dinner for their girlfriends before they dump them, like a parting gift or something, then make up some ridiculous story about why they can’t be together anymore, you know, the guy is really in the CIA and she would blow his cover or he’s leaving the country. I watch Dr. Phil, I know all about this stuff!” Melissa ranted.
“Melissa, I am not breaking up with you. I’m telling you because I love you and I think you deserve to know. I don’t want to keep anything from you and I don’t want to lie to you.”
“Then stop!” Melissa commanded. “Just stop all of this craziness! Is it that you want me to break up with you? Because I’ve heard of that too, a guy makes himself sound like a nut because he’s too chicken to break it off with the girl, claims he loves her and all then she dumps him because of all the crazy business. Is that what’s happening here?” Melissa questioned.
“No not at all.”
“Then tell me Gabriel! Tell me! How can what you’re saying be real?” Melissa voice was shrill. She was crying and yelling, gesturing with trembling hands.
“Melissa this is the last thing I wanted to do. I love you. Please –“
“You just said that you were programmed not to love. Remember? You have no emotions because the mad scientist made his monster that way!” Melissa fumed.
Monster. The word stung. He was not a monster; some fiendish beast concocted in a dungeon with parts sewn together, animated by a bolt of lightning. He was human. Furthermore, he was not responsible for how he came into existence. He was responsible for how he chose to exist.  Despite Terzini’s objective, the pivotal tenet of his theory had failed. Gabriel possessed feelings. He loved Melissa. He simply could not leave things as they were, with her condemning him as a monster, an aberration.  He needed to counter her faltering opinion of him.
“That’s the point!” Gabriel refuted. “I was not supposed to feel anything. But I do. I feel everything for you. I’ve loved you since the day I met you. Don’t you see? I am not an unfeeling monster. I’m not a monster at all.”
Tears streamed from his eyes, raw and honest. He looked to Melissa, noticed that emotion overtook her as well. Her tears pained him further. He watched as she wrapped her arms around herself and stepped back, away from him, suddenly cold. He could do nothing to warm her. Her posture warned him as much. 
“This can’t be real. Gabriel, this is just too much, underground labs, a scientist creating a new race. I mean, this is science-fiction; fiction being the operative word.”
Resigned, Gabriel put his head in his hands, ran his finger through his russet locks. Then, wiping the tears from his face, he stood, closed the distance between them and reached out to Melissa. But she stiffened at his touch. 
“I’ll show you. I’ll show you Terzini’s lab,” he resigned. “He has one here. It was originally a nuclear fallout shelter. Before we came to America, he had it gutted and renovated. It is now a sophisticated laboratory.”
Melissa looked to Gabriel disbelievingly.  “Take me, then,” she ordered. “Take me to this lab.”
Chapter 27

Melissa waited, still uncertain of whether she believed Gabriel’s story. It seemed incredulous, implausible. Such stories were the works of science-fiction novelists, not reality. She stood with her arms folded across her chest in the living room while he grabbed flashlights from the kitchen. When he returned, he handed her one and kept the other for himself. He then directed her out of the living room and down the short hallway to the staircase that led to the garage. After opening one of the garage doors, they crossed the expansive property.
Devoid of the sun’s warmth, the air had grown much colder. The fall evening had darkened considerably. Melissa regretted leaving her coat behind as they ambled in the chilly autumn night. They walked several hundred feet from the house before Gabriel stopped at an unremarkable location in the grass. She watched as he used his foot and kicked over a large, rectangular patch of sod. Beneath the sod was a steel door flush against the ground.
Gabriel produced a ring with many keys on it from his pocket. After selecting the corresponding one, he opened the door. Anticipating a loud screech from the steel door, Melissa braced herself for the sound. But there was none; it released with a soft whooshing sound similar to a vacuumed seal being broken.
A concrete staircase was before them. Gabriel descended the steps first. Melissa followed. She was more than skeptical of what lay beyond.
Motion-activated overhead fixtures lit in succession as Gabriel and Melissa moved down deeper into the subterranean dwelling.
Once at the bottom of the steps, the laboratory was fully illuminated. Her eyes widened in disbelief.  From the indiscernible patch of grass directly overhead, no one would have ever guessed at what resided beneath. She stood below seven-foot ceilings amply lit with bright fluorescent light fixtures. Thick concrete walls lined the impressive area. The single-level refuge appeared larger than her home. There were innumerable computers stationed along the walls. Rows of stainless-steel tables filled the interior portion of the space and held a variety of scientific equipment–all foreign to her. If she had not descended the steps, she would have difficulty believing she was underground. She had expected it to smell musty as a basement of a house might, but it did not. Instead, fresh air circulated through screened vents. Every surface was gleaming, strangely immaculate.
Viewing the entire facility, Melissa’s mind was dizzied, spinning with disjointed, incomplete thoughts. As her mind whirled and revolved faster and faster, she desperately wanted, needed to reach out and anchor herself to a coherent thought, something concrete, something that made sense. But opportunity to do so did not present itself. And somehow she knew the spiraling would gain momentum in the moments to come.
“Come on, I want to show you something,” Gabriel said to her as he took her by the hand and led her toward the far corner of the construct, toward a massive stainless-steel tank. 
Staring at the cylindrical chamber Melissa gaped, “What is this thing?”
“This is where I was developed,” Gabriel said as shame burned plainly on his face.
Gabriel began turning a large, steel wheel affixed to the cistern. As he did so, a locking mechanism was disengaged, a portal began opening. As the small entryway expanded, Melissa could see inside.
She gasped and her hand reflexively covered her mouth. She felt her face twist into a tortured expression as she withdrew in confusion, in horror.
Before her in the reservoir, submerged in a thick, opaque fluid was a partially formed human being. 
Alien-looking with bulbous stumps where limbs should have been, the creature immersed in the milky liquid had a small, curved torso atop which a bald head with eyes that peered out from its temples sat. The being resembled an adult-sized fetus in its eighth week of development.
She needed to look away but was held, compelled by curiosity, paralyzed by fear and revulsion. She was transfixed. As she watched, the rounded ends where limbs would be elongated. They continued to lengthen to form crude-looking arms.
Her mind spun even faster, dangerously, threatened to lose control.
Inhaling sharply, Melissa cried, “Gabriel! Did you see that?”
She looked to Gabriel as he regarded the form in the tank with shock and dread.  A strange expression clouded his features. It was more than shock and dread. She saw pain, and understanding.
“I assumed the tank would be empty,” Gabriel whispered more to himself than her. He studied the vessel.  “It was supposed to be empty.”
“Gabriel, what is all this? What is happening to that thing?” Melissa breathed, as a flood of tears spilled down her cheeks.
“This tank, it is like a womb of sorts.  The milky substance inside was created by Dr. Terzini. It allows extremely rapid development; development unparalleled in humanity.”
“That creature in there, it is going to form into a human?” she asked as her eyes, moistened with emotion, searched his for an explanation that would make the horror of what she’d witnessed somehow acceptable.
“Yes, well, sort of. It’s not a creature in the sense that you’re saying it is.  It’s already a human, created from human DNA.”
“Fine, but it’s been changed, dramatically,” Melissa exclaimed hearing her voice become shrill bordering on hysteria. 
“Melissa, I don’t know what alterations have been made to the DNA of the person growing in there. Terzini must somehow know that I am a failure. But I can tell you this: I am every bit as human as you are,” Gabriel emphasized every word as he spoke as if trying to punctuate their importance.
“Gabriel, I don’t feel so good. My head is spinning and I feel nauseous,” Melissa confessed.
The spinning, coupled with tremors that racked her body, shook her limbs violently.
“Let’s get out of here,” Gabriel said as he wrapped his arm around Melissa’s shoulders. 
Melissa tensed at his touch. Typically, she would allow her body to meld into the contours of his. But now, inexplicably, her body resisted contact with his, repelled the comfort he offered. 
He led her quickly across the vast underground research facility to the stairs that ascended to the earth above. 
Once the steel door had been closed and locked and the rectangular piece of sod had been replaced, she walked with Gabriel, slowly, back to his house. Returning to the earth above, to reality, the cold air felt refreshing, cleansing. Stopping on the grass just before reaching the stone–edged border of the gravel driveway, she inhaled the crisp air, turning her eyes heavenward as she did so.  She noticed how clouds had gathered and obscured the brilliance of the moon, shrouded the constellations in a murky mask.
“Melissa, I know you’re upset. The last thing I ever wanted to do was hurt you. I love you.”
“Gabriel, I am something other than hurt,” she said struggling to remain composed. “I am, I am, reeling, okay. I mean, I cannot begin to wrap my mind around everything I’ve heard and seen tonight. Here I thought we might experience a first tonight, together.
 “Well I had a first all right! Boy was I wrong about what kind of first I would experience, though!” Melissa exclaimed, her voice laden with self-derision. 
“This doesn’t have to change anything. It shouldn’t change how we feel about each other,” Gabriel said softly. 
He took her trembling hand in his. It felt warm and soft, a sharp contrast to hers. He placed his other atop hers so her fingers were enveloped in the warmth of both of his hands.
“Please, Melissa. I can only imagine how confused you must feel, how betrayed.”
Gabriel placed her hand on his chest, over his heart. She watched as tears flowed freely down the breathtaking planes of his face. He continued. 
“I am the same person you fell in love with; the same person who loves you despite what Terzini’s original intent was. You evoked feelings I was never meant to have. You Melissa.”
Melissa leaned in toward Gabriel allowing her hand to soften beneath his, above his beating heart. She rested her head on his chest, allowed him to pull her close to him. The tension in her body relaxed as sobs escaped her lips. Gabriel held her as she wept unabashedly.
After agonizing moments passed, Melissa’s tears had run dry. She looked up into the face of the person she thought she loved. She did not feel anger or revulsion. She did not feel sadness or confusion. 
“Please take me home, Gabriel,” she whispered.
Without protest, Gabriel released her from his embrace.
He walked with her wordlessly to the open garage door where his Ford Explorer waited.
He opened the passenger side door for her and climbed into the driver’s side before turning the key in the ignition.
Melissa glanced out the window as Gabriel directed the SUV out of the large garage. Clouds had assembled and thickened considerably, fortifying their alliance against the hazy Moon and stars. With each celestial body eclipsed by their charge, the substantial veils of vapors threatened precipitation as they drove away from Gabriel’s house. 
Darkness fully shrouded the ornate structure where Gabriel lived. It no longer resembled the house they approached just hours ago.  Instead, cloaked in shadows and blackness, it was arcane, ominous.
Melissa shivered and hugged herself. Responding immediately to her needs as he always did, Gabriel raised the temperature of the heating system.
She did not speak as he navigated the winding roads to Blackstone Drive. Silence prevailed until the Explorer turned in to her driveway. 
Ranks of rainclouds sprayed the earth with a fine mist of water. The only sound emitted was the intermittent swiping of windshield wipers pushing drizzle from the glass.
Gabriel put the SUV into park and spoke, his voice strong and measured. 
“Melissa, I love you. Nothing has changed. Please don’t end this, don’t end us.”
“I’m not ending us,” she said in a voice wavering with emotion. “I’m just really confused. I mean, I feel like I’m in a dream, like none of this is real and I’ll wake up tomorrow and everything will be fine again. But in my heart of hearts, I know that’s not true.” Melissa took a deep breath to compose herself then continued. “The way I feel about you has not changed. I just need a little time to process all of this.”
Gabriel could not meet her eyes. He seemed unable to speak, as if doing so would somehow undermine what she needed. Silently, Melissa turned Gabriel’s beautiful face toward hers. She leaned across the console of the Explorer and kissed him tenderly on his lips before leaving. He waited in the driveway until she disappeared into the house before driving away.

***

Once inside, Melissa observed from her kitchen window as Gabriel hesitated before backing his SUV out of her driveway. She watched as the illumination of his headlamps was enveloped in the indistinct darkness, how quickly their brilliance faded and was absorbed by the obscurity. A sharp pang of sadness pierced her heart as his Explorer disappeared in the night.
Melissa turned from the window and looked through the dining room and into the family room.  The space was dark; no lights illuminated the downstairs rooms save for the single fluorescent overhead bulb of the stove.  Thankful for the dimness and what it indicated, Melissa stepped quietly away from her position in the kitchen. She moved past the front door and up the steep staircase and down the hall to her bedroom. 
She passed her father’s bedroom first. His door was shut signifying that he slept. Grateful for the solitude that her father’s slumber offered, Melissa stepped into her room and stripped off her outfit, the clothes she bought for her special night with Gabriel.  
Forcing his image from her mind temporarily, Melissa pulled off her boots and jeans before shrugging out of her sweater. She peeled off her pink camisole and slung it over her desk chair sitting at an askew angle from her computer desk against the windowed wall.
In her undergarments, Melissa left her clothes where they had fallen on the floor and stepped into the bathroom. With her father sleeping soundly, she did not risk indecency with her state of undress. Closing the door behind her, Melissa turned the shower on full blast and stepped behind the curtain.
She stood before the spray allowing its powerful flow to massage her weary body. Melissa turned the temperature control knob to the left making the water hotter, attempted to rid her body of the chill that settled on her, infiltrated her very core.
With copious beads of steaming water cascading down her body, its warmth enveloping her, relaxing her, Melissa cried. Her tears blended with the running rivulets of the shower. They were cleansing sobs; cries of sadness and confusion, of regret and distress.
Gabriel had confided in her a secret so profound it overwhelmed her.  Melissa closed her eyes tightly as the image of that partially formed abomination in the steel tank appeared in her mind. She rubbed at her eyes with both hands, tried to expunge the horrible image from her mind. 
When the image had sufficiently cleared–even if momentarily–she could envision Gabriel. She rationalized that Gabriel, in his beatific glory, was not a mere fabrication. He was not inhuman despite what Terzini’s plan was. She recalled every tender action he performed, every polite gesture he undertook. They did not seem contrived or artificial. He was genuine and generous of spirit, more so than anyone she had ever met. Gabriel embodied benevolence and kindness. He was patient and protective; brave and bountiful.
Melissa opened her eyes and turned off the stream of water. With the sudden realization that she knew Gabriel, knew what kind of person he was, Melissa stepped out of the shower and wrapped herself in a towel. Determinedly, she strode out of the bathroom and into her bedroom.  As she dressed in her bedclothes, she fully appreciated the importance of her epiphany. It did not matter how Gabriel came to be; it did not matter what the original intent of his creation was; no more than how or under what circumstances any other human being on the planet came to be. Gabriel James was every bit as human as she was. 
Satisfied with her insight and firm in her resolve, Melissa Martin climbed into her twin-sized bed and slept. In the morning she would rise and go about her day. She would call Gabriel and tell him of her newfound understanding.
Chapter 28

Gabriel waited until Melissa was safely inside her home before he pulled out of her driveway. The final moments they spent together replayed in his head.  He had refused to look into her eyes. He believed that doing so would compel him to beg her not to leave–even if the separation was temporary. He knew that begging would not have been fair to her. She needed to process all she had seen. She needed to decide whether to be with him based on her needs, not his. And he would be forced to accept whatever choice she made.
He stopped at the bottom of her hill as earlier events of the night repeated in his head. Images of her troubled face flashed before his eyes. In the flashes, she did not resemble the person he knew. She was wild-eyed with fright, wrought with confusion, with disgust. The memories bombarded him, streaming her horrified expression over and over again. They were seared in his mind. He was powerless to erase them, despite having caused them. 
Gabriel removed one hand from the steering wheel and pounded it, damning his very creation. His eyes clouded with emotion as he began driving again. 
Mist had turned to a steady rainfall as droplets precipitated more purposefully. 
He drove the Explorer dangerously, swerving on rain-slickened pavement, testing the engine as he stepped down heavily on the accelerator. Driving became a challenge. But Gabriel did not care.
Struggling to stay on the road, he agonized over her impending decision; that morning would bring about a painful verdict and he would lose Melissa forever. 
Envisioning his life without her was unbearable. His days would be meaningless. Terzini’s vision, his many genetic gifts, all of it was inconsequential, his existence worthless if she were not a part of it.
His erratic driving continued during his soggy journey home. He sped down the gravel driveway and directed the SUV in to the garage before turning off the engine and getting out. He walked through the laundry room and climbed the steps. As he opened the door to the hallway and peered into the living room, a fresh swell of despair racked him. Before him was a once inspiring setting, romantic and filled with promise. Now, however, it was empty. 
He immediately spotted the plate Melissa had eaten from sitting atop the coffee table. The once meticulously stacked dessert, lovingly prepared, sagged, melted and malformed. 
The fire still burned in the hearth. Candles still glowed in the dining room. He was now charged with cleaning, restoring everything to its previous position.
After he cleaned, Gabriel surveyed the living room and dining room. As his eyes scanned the space, he noticed a piece of charcoal-gray woolen cloth draped behind the sofa. He walked to it and picked it up immediately.
Recognizing the shape of the material and its owner, he realized the small coat belonged to Melissa. She had not worn it when they went to Terzini’s laboratory. She did not wear it home.
He stood for a moment, clutching the fabric in his hands before raising it to his face. The warm, familiar scent lingered. Notes of vanilla, caramel and coconut, Melissa’s fragrance, brought Gabriel to his knees, an unrelenting pang twisting in his chest. 
Outside, the rain picked up in intensity and mixed with sleet. Tiny ice pellets showered down, mortaring the roof tiles. Frozen precipitation bounced and ricocheted about the house and its surrounding property before changing back to a heavy rainfall again, soaking and saturating everything in its wake. 
A fresh wave of agony washed over Gabriel, threatened to drown him in a churning sea of misery. Instead of retiring to his room as he originally intended, Gabriel lay on the couch fully clothed, grasping Melissa’s garment.
Thoughts swirled about his mind, muddled and fragmented until mercifully, sleep found Gabriel. Comforted temporarily by dreams of a future with Melissa, he was granted repose for several hours. But with dawn came reality.
The rain and sleet had stopped. The earth was washed clean, absolved of its impurities.
As the sun punctured the horizon and sliced through the darkness, bleeding the blue-black refuge in torrents of crimson and shades of sallow ginger, a small, dark presence appeared before Gabriel.
Sitting up, Gabriel rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. The blurred image of his creator came into focus. Terzini’s stood, looming over Gabriel with his feet planted at shoulder width, his hands on his hips. His thin lips were pursed and the creases that lined his rumpled forehead were deepened further in pensive silence.   
Terzini was alerted to his awakening; the nearly imperceptible twitch that arched his left eyebrow revealed as much. Gabriel watched as Terzini, from behind his wire-framed glasses, trained his small, watchful eyes on him and searched, narrowing them until his minuscule coal-hued irises were nearly invisible. 
“Sir,” Gabriel said groggily. “I wasn’t expecting you until later this evening.”
Terzini remained, unflinching and eerily still, his gaze as stony as his stance.
“Who were you expecting Gabriel, Melissa Martin?” Dr. Terzini asked and enunciated each word slowly, icily.
“Sir, I can-”
“Do not insult me by attempting to concoct a story, Gabriel. I know everything. The question in my mind is: how long have you felt such stirrings?” he continued, his inflection flat and formal.
“Sir, it began when I met her,” Gabriel confessed. But how did you-”
“Know?” Terzini finished Gabriel’s question coolly then continued. “After the incident with the school bonfire when you defied me, I decided to install numerous extremely sensitive audiovisual recording devices. Tiny cameras with microphones were put in almost every article in this house and in my laboratory, though I doubted you would have the audacity to trespass in my inner sanctum. Yet you did,” Terzini said levelly.
“The information recorded was routed directly to my personal computer. Then, I lied and told you I was going away to buy more equipment for the lab. But, I checked in to the Hilton Hotel in Fallkill to watch what you would do when you thought you were alone. As I did so, I became aware of various interesting developments in you construct, of your flaw. Then the piece de resistance came when you invited her here and cooked her dinner. I do not need to recount the rest. You just experienced it; as did I. And what a pathetic display it was,” Terzini said emotionlessly. “I don’t know who cried more, you or her. Nevertheless, she will be dealt with as well.”
Gabriel hung his head not in shame or defeat but in emotional exhaustion. 
After summoning his strength, he spoke. 
“Dealt with?”
“Yes, Gabriel.”
“But sir, I love her,” he said.
“Love?” his maker questioned. “You do not love, Gabriel.” 
“But I do, sir,” Gabriel countered.
Anger flashed almost undetectably, fleetingly, in Terzini’s hardened eyes. “You were not created to experience such a useless emotion. I made sure of that.”
“Sir, I know what your intentions were with me.  My feelings for her were entirely unfamiliar, unexpected. I’m not certain whether they evolved subtly or-”
“An explanation is unnecessary. This situation will be handled,” Terzini interrupted.
“Sir, I realize what I’ve done. I have jeopardized everything. But I will speak to Melissa. I assure you, she will not say anything to anyone.”
Gabriel regarded Terzini; his face impassive, unrevealing. 
“Are you proposing that I just trust some foolish teenage girl? You have unparalleled intelligence, Gabriel. Surely, you do not expect me to take a chance with a random, hormone-saturated adolescent. That would be absurd.  If anyone were to discover the nature of my work or that I live, everything I have achieved could end; my life would be jeopardized. No, Gabriel, I am not willing to risk the entirety of my research and development-all of my work-by trusting your limited little girlfriend. No, absolutely not. And you, you will be destroyed and dissected by nightfall.”
“Sir, I’m not sure I understand. Melissa, she’s done nothing wrong. What do you intend to do with her?” Gabriel asked. 
His mind raced, searching for an explanation for his creator’s vague plans for Melissa. He recalled the expression “dealt with” being used concerning her fate. A direct threat had been made. Terzini made plain his intent to kill Gabriel. But that fact was irrelevant. He feared for Melissa.
“That is no longer your concern. Your work is complete. I have no further use for you.” 
“It is my concern, sir. She is my concern. She will not tell anyone. I am certain she would not share what she knows. I assure you, I will speak with her. She will listen to me.”
“Oh yes, Gabriel. I know; because you believe she loves you, right?” Terzini offered flatly. “Such nonsense. She has to be disposed of. There is no alternative.”
Gabriel lifted his chin and met his maker’s intense glower. 
“Sir, I understand the consequences for my transgressions. I accept my fate. But Melissa…” 
Gabriel breathing became labored.
“Sir, you’re not going to kill her. I won’t let you.”
Terzini laughed the shrill staccato laughter of an evil man before declaring plainly, “Gabriel, you will be dead, you will not be able to do anything.”
“No, no, no,” Gabriel shook his head in disbelief. “This can’t happen. You’re not a monster. You wouldn’t kill an innocent.”
“An innocent?” Terzini raised his voice slightly. “She could destroy everything!” he vented, shedding his composed veneer. “It astounds me that you somehow believe any of this could be taken lightly! After all Gabriel, you sealed her fate the moment she crossed the threshold of this house.” Terzini accused, then after calming himself he added more levelly, “Eugene is already en route to deal with the situation.”
Gabriel’s mind reeled. Panic settled upon him. He had no idea that Eugene had even arrived yet. Stopping Eugene would be nearly impossible. Eugene was far stronger than Gabriel, but his deadliest attribute remained his uncompromising obedience to his maker.  He would kill on command, targeting whomever Terzini deemed deserving. 
Melissa would be his target.  
Infused with rage equal in intensity to the love he felt for Melissa, Gabriel stood, towering over his diminutive maker and hissed angrily, “Neither of you will touch her!”
Terzini seemed genuinely shocked by Gabriel’s threatening tone and posture yet tried to speak with authority. 
“It is done Gabriel. It’s over,” Terzini said.
Gabriel suddenly realized that all the doubts he had about his humanity were unfounded. He was not a monster. But Dr. Franklin Terzini was. 
Gabriel erupted in a furious rage. His body was suddenly overtaken by an intense, primal urge to harm the man standing before him. 
“NO!” he heard his voice scream, foreign to his ears, before he attacked Dr. Terzini. 
Gabriel outstretched both arms, snapping them forward with the entire weight of his body behind them and shoved the diminutive geneticist by his shoulders. 
The blow exploded against Terzini’s small body and forced him backward, slamming him against one of the mahogany bookshelves in the living room. 
Gabriel watched as his creator’s head struck the shelves, hard, before his body slumped in a near seated position, unconscious on the hardwood floor. 
Gabriel looked at Terzini with both satisfaction and misgiving. But he wasted no time on consideration. His mind had ceased its dizzying whirl. His thoughts were no longer confused. His next steps were clear.
Trembling, Gabriel turned and ran for the door. He needed to get to his car. 
He needed to find Melissa.
Chapter 29

Dr. Franklin Terzini contacted Eugene by telephone late Saturday night, shortly after he arrived in New York. He had barely settled into his cottage when Terzini informed him that Gabriel had presented with a flaw and was to be killed. But not before another matter was dealt with first.  An additional problem had arisen, one that demanded his immediate attention.
After apprising him of the recent developments between Gabriel and a human teenager, his maker charged him with another task. He was to hunt down and kill a seventeen-year-old girl named Melissa Martin before he executed Gabriel. Eugene was given her address and wasted no time in his pursuit. He quickly traveled to her home, his insides trilling all the while.
Though hardly a worthy adversary, the thought of slaughtering a weak, female adolescent excited him. He had never killed a girl before. He wondered what differences the experience would offer.   
Receiving permission to kill gave Eugene the chance to do what he excelled at, what he hungered for, what he enjoyed. The addition of a foreign element heightened his anticipation.
He parked his Hummer at the bottom of Blackstone Drive. Barely able to contain his enthusiasm, he traveled on foot up the steep slope of Melissa’s street.
Thanks to the season and colder weather that accompanied it, neighbors were not roaming about. Eugene moved past Melissa’s house unquestioned and noticed that a second-story window was illuminated. 
He boldly stepped on to the Martin property and strode across grass hardened by frost to the back of the structure. No one saw him or stopped him from proceeding. He heard neither the baying of dogs nor the shouting of concerned citizens.
He climbed a flight of small wooden steps to a door. He tried the handle, found it locked. But the door yielded effortlessly to Eugene’s strength.  The owner had not bothered to engage the deadbolt. 
Eugene crossed the threshold of Melissa’s Martin’s home.
He entered through the rear of the house and found himself in a rectangular room. Framed photographs filled with smiling faces stared at him and lined the far wall. Under the photographs, a flat-screen television resided, along with an unstable looking desk equipped with a personal computer. A leather sectional rested against the outer wall. No one sat upon it. The room was unoccupied.
Silently, Eugene continued. He crossed the unoccupied space and entered a small dining area next to a living room. Still, he encountered no one.
He skulked through both areas before prowling down a short hallway. His shoes strode soundlessly on the hardwood flooring.
At the end of the corridor, Eugene was at a landing between a flight of steps and the front door. He paused briefly to listen for the home’s residents. He heard the faint sound of music coming from upstairs.
With feline grace and agility, he scaled the steep staircase, his strides remarkably quiet despite his size. He quickly climbed the incline of stairs and was in a long hallway. 
Music permeated the stillness of the house, the sound amplified.
He moved toward the increasingly loud music, down the carpeted hallway and found a haloed doorway. 
Eugene followed the light.
As he approached the door, a sign shaped like a crown with the words “Princess Melissa’s Room” emblazoned on it signified that Eugene had located his prey.
Slowly, he pushed the door back and stalked in.
Chapter 30

On a road still dampened by rainfall from the previous night, Kevin, John, Eric and Chris watched through the darkly tinted windows of Kevin’s car as Gabriel sped out of his gravel-filled driveway. 
“What did I tell you? I knew we wouldn’t have to wait long,” Kevin said.  “I bet you he’s going to meet that little whore right now.”
Kevin’s grip on the steering wheel tightened, Gabriel had made a fool of him twice, and it was time for payback. If he wanted to regain his former status at school and in the eyes of his friends, his retaliation needed to be significant, memorable. Kevin was going to make a big statement and show everyone at school what happens when he is crossed.
 “I can’t wait to fuck up that pretty face of his,” John added.
“He called me out at school, made me look like a little bitch,” Kevin complained. “Did he really think I was gonna let him get away with that shit?”
 “He made us all look like punks,” Eric grumbled.
“He’s gonna get the ass-kickin’ of his life,” Chris chimed in as he gripped his weapon. 
Kevin and each of his friends were armed with aluminum bats.
Kevin felt a surge of adrenaline as he realized his plan for revenge would be a reality. His excitement grew by the moment. He would make Gabriel pay dearly for his transgression.
“I’m gonna crack his fuckin’ head open,” Kevin spat. “And when I’m done with him, I’m gonna make that little bitch of his pay.”
Kevin felt his anger rise to a new level as his thoughts shifted to Melissa. Twice, she had come on strongly to him, only to back off after they had begun to fool around. He knew she wanted him, but she was a tease. She would have learned her lesson at the keg party if Gabriel had not come.
 “Yeah, man. She was all over you at the bonfire, goes off in to the woods with you; then has the balls to say you tried to rape her,” John said.
“Like I need to rape that scrawny skank? She’s just pissed her boyfriend caught her all over me,” Kevin declared haughtily, enunciating the last three words of his declaration venomously.
Sheltered between two minivans, Kevin Anderson and his friends watched as Gabriel sped precariously along the saturated stretch of road.
 “Where the hell is this guy going?” Chris asked 
“I don’t know but he’s driving like a maniac,” Eric added.

***
	
Frantically, Gabriel touched the screen of his cellular phone as he commanded the Explorer, stomping on the accelerator and testing both the engine and traction of the sturdy vehicle against the road conditions. The small display monitor brightened at once as a menu appeared. He depressed an option that produced a photograph of Melissa. With fingers unsteadied by anxiety, he stroked her image. A ringing sound immediately began.
“Come on! Come on! Please pick up!” he pleaded impatiently as the car swerved briefly, veering toward the shoulder before he resumed control of the steering wheel.
After nearly a dozen rings, Melissa finally answered, her voice hushed, but still sweet and melodious.  
“Hello?”
Relieved at the sound of her voice, Gabriel sighed. She was still alive. Eugene had not gotten to her, yet. 
“Melissa! It’s me, Gabriel. You need to get out of the house, right now!” Gabriel ordered.
She was immediately alarmed by his urgency. She panicked. 
“What’s going on Gabriel? You’re scaring me.”
“Listen to me, Melissa. Where are you? Are you home?”
“No, I’m with Daniella. She called and offered to take me out for brunch. We’re at the diner. Why?”
“I need you to meet me,” Gabriel said. “Can you do that?”
“Yeah, sure. I was going to call you when I got home anyway,” Melissa fumbled.
Gabriel struggled to focus on navigating his SUV along the winding roads of Harbingers Falls as the rain-doused streets and his mist-veiled eyes conspired to undermine him. When he managed to speak, his voice was thickened with emotion as his mind quickly recalled the events of the evening past.  
“Look, I know you don’t want to see me right now, maybe never again. But,” he began. 
His voice faltered. He took a deep breath to steady himself before continuing.
“There is something I need to tell you. It’s an emergency and I can only do it in person.”
“Gabriel, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about-”
Gabriel interrupted, expecting her to chastise him. 
“I know, Melissa. An apology isn’t good enough given the circumstances. But listen you are in dang-”
The cellular reception began to break up. He could not be certain Melissa heard his warning; that she was in danger. He began panicking that the call had been lost, that Eugene would get to her before he did.
“Melissa, are you still there?” he asked, desperate and raising his voice.
The interruption in their call felt endless. Finally, the silence crackled and Melissa’s voice resounded out of the void. 
“I’m here,” she assured him before continuing. “Look, my feelings for you have not changed. And last night was, well, intense, you know? But none of that matters. I know you. I know what kind of person you are. That’s all that matters.” 
Momentarily relieved by her words, Gabriel breathed deeply and braced himself for what he had to tell her.
“Melissa, you are in danger,” Gabriel blurted out, his meager composure faltering.
“What?” Melissa asked incredulously.
“I was just on my way to your house. I need to turn around. Meet me in the back parking lot of the school, at the entryway to the trail. You remember the place, right?”
“Yes, of course. But Gabriel, what’s going on? You’re scaring me.”
“I’ll explain everything to you when I see you. Whatever you do, do not go home, Melissa. Promise me you won’t go home!” Gabriel pleaded as he turned the wheel sharply, directing the Explorer in to the shoulder. 
His tires skidded along wet pavement as he took the turn too abruptly, narrowly avoiding a collision with oncoming traffic.
“Okay! Okay! I won’t go home!” Melissa agreed urgently.
“And tell Daniella not to go home. She isn’t safe either,” Gabriel revealed, his car now pointing in the direction that would take him to Harbingers High School. “Get to the entrance of the trail as soon as possible. Don’t stop off anywhere! Do you understand me?”
“Yes! Yes!” Melissa said her voice shrill with terror.
“I love you,” Gabriel whispered before ending the call with Melissa.

***

Suddenly, tires screeched in protest in the distance as Gabriel’s SUV made a dangerous U-turn upon the busy thoroughfare it traveled along before racing back in the opposite direction. The Explorer headed back toward them barely eschewing an accident with another vehicle in the opposite lane.
“What the fuck is he doing?” Eric exclaimed.
“Shit! He’s gonna see us!” Chris yelled.
Gabriel raced by them, his gaze resolute, intent. He did not offer a glance in Kevin’s direction.
“He didn’t even look at us! Quick, turn around!” John shouted.
“No shit! What do you think I’m doing?” Kevin countered as he traveled farther down the road and out of sight before cutting the wheel of his sleek sports car sharply to the left and directing it in to the shoulder executing a U-Turn to continue his pursuit of Gabriel.
Kevin followed Gabriel’s Explorer at a safe distance and watched as he navigated the SUV hurriedly into the entrance of their high school.
“He’s turning in to the school,” Kevin noted with a hint of confusion in his voice.
“Why the hell would he be doing that?” John questioned.
Kevin slowed to a halt, remaining at a distance that concealed them sufficiently. He and his friends observed Gabriel park his car in the far corner of the rear parking area before climbing out of his vehicle and looking around anxiously.
Clouds began to thicken again. Filtered sunlight was buried by impenetrable, gray masses. Malignant clusters, dark and foreboding, crowded out any blue sky and lightness in its wake.  A storm brewed it the atmosphere.
“He’s meeting her here I bet,” Kevin speculated. “This couldn’t be any better!”
Kevin picked up his baseball bat, thrilled with the change of events. No one would be on school grounds. He and his friends would be able to take their time with Gabriel and Melissa, make them suffer. 
“This shit is gonna go down now!”  Kevin rallied.
Chapter 31

Eugene scanned the room. A twin-sized bed adorned with a frilly, lilac covering sat flanked by twin cherry wood night tables with small amethyst-shaded lamps atop them occupied the middle of the room. A matching cherry wood dresser lined the wall opposite the bed. In the far corner a full-length mirror resided in a matching finish. Directly ahead, double-hung windows curtained by lengths of lavender material offered adequate natural light. Positioned below them was a small, wooden desk of shoddy construction with a varnish similar to the other furniture. A simple, wheeled desk chair was tucked beneath the small table and a laptop computer rested atop it.
Melissa was not home but had left her room lit by an overhead fixture. An alarm clock radio blasted noise from its small speakers filling the house with a discordant form of ambient melodies. Wasteful humans he thought as he traversed her room. 
He picked up several pieces of clothing that littered the floor and sniffed them. All were suitable. All provided a scent that could be tracked. But a pink camisole tossed haphazardly over her desk chair offered a particularly potent scent. The garment bore a sweet mixture of vanilla, caramel and coconut mixed with natural secretions unique to Melissa’s body chemistry. Closing his eyes, Eugene pressed it to his face and inhaled deeply.
Sweat, oils and pheromones, and the perfumed substance on Melissa’s clothes, frenzied him.  His mouth watered. A strong urge overtook Eugene. 
He did not merely want to kill Melissa, he hungered to; he needed to.  
Eugene shuddered as he inhaled the pink material a final time before replacing it on the chair.
He struggled to compose himself, to control his bloodlust. He began opening the drawers of Melissa’s bureau. He found nothing of interest. He searched her walk-in closet and nightstand. Still, no useful items were unearthed.
He did not want to waste time performing fruitless inspections. He decided it was time to leave. 
Before he left, he surveyed the room a final time. 
A piece caught his attention. A small, leather-bound book peeked out from beneath lavender ruffled bedding. Intrigued, he reentered her bedroom and moved toward the bed. 
He picked up the book and immediately sensed he had found an article of great importance.
He opened it and began reading. His superior vision and comprehension skills enabled him to speed-read Melissa’s diary. 
In doing so, Eugene became privy to Melissa’s innermost thoughts, her most personal moments.  He was introduced to the people closest to her. More specifically, he was familiarized with Daniella Colucci and Alexandra Georgopoulos. Evidence contained in the pages suggested that the likelihood of locating Melissa Martin with either of the girls was great.
Melissa’s diary also brought to Eugene’s attention the intimate nature of her relationship with Gabriel James. He found himself laughing aloud for the first time in his life, a vicious, demonic cackle, when he read that Gabriel, Terzini’s perfect specimen designed to remain devoid of human emotions, proclaimed his deepest affection for Melissa. Moreover, Melissa claimed to love Gabriel in return.
These developments provided Eugene with an advantage greater than physical dominance. By torturing and killing Melissa, Eugene would be tormenting Gabriel as well. He had longed to torture Gabriel since his creation.
Invigorated, Eugene tossed the journal back on the bed and reached across to grab the pink camisole. Stuffing it in the pocket of his parka, Eugene left the Martin home. 
He moved swiftly and stealthily down Blackstone Drive. He stopped briefly at a cluster of communal mailboxes. Under the postal boxes were bagged telephone directories for the community’s residents. 
Errant droplets of rain began to fall as Eugene grabbed a phone book before continuing down the street and climbing into his Hummer to continue his hunt for Melissa Martin.
Alexandra Georgopoulos, Daniella Colucci, the names of Melissa Martin’s closest friends were branded in Eugene’s mind.  He was sure he would find Melissa with one of these girls.
He quickly consulted the directory to locate either girl. 
One Georgopoulos was listed in Harbingers Falls. 
Confident that listing was the one he sought, he set his GPS navigation system with the address registered and found that her home was just under a mile away.
The dark sky opened with a ceremonious rumble of thunder before large drops of rain began showering down from angry heavens.
Chapter 32

Alexandra Georgopoulos was sitting on her bed painting her toenails when the ringing of her telephone interrupted her pedicure. Careful not to smudge the freshly applied lacquer, she tottered on her heels from to her dresser where her cordless phone rested in its charging cradle. Grabbing the handset, she immediately recognized Melissa Martin’s number on the phone’s caller identification feature. After the third ring, she answered.
“Hey bitch,” Alexandra greeted.
“Alexandra! Thank God you’re home! Listen to me. You need to get out of the house, now!” Melissa ordered.
“Are you high or something?” Alexandra asked snippily as thunder rumbled, shaking the house briefly.
“No I am not high!” Melissa retorted, her voice shrill with panic. “Gabriel called me and told me that we’re in danger, and none of us–me, you, and Daniella–should be home. Daniella is going to the mall. She said she can pick you up after she drops me off at the school.”
“You guys are fucking with me. Don’t think I’m going to fall for it this time,” Alexandra chided. “Besides, my brothers will be home in, like, an hour. If what you’re saying is true, which I don’t think it is, I would feel bad for anyone who came here trying to hurt me.”
“Alex, this is not a joke! Get out of the damn house!” Melissa screamed.
“Yeah, sure. Whatever,” Alexandra antagonized. “By the way Melissa, your acting has gotten much better since last time. Bravo.”
With that, Alexandra ended the phone call.
“Idiots,” she muttered to herself smiling. 
Her best friends, particularly Melissa, often attempted playing practical jokes on her throughout their many years of friendship. She had yet to fall for any of them and was not about to start now. Though she had to admit, Melissa had upped the ante with this most recent phone call. Her frantic and pressured speech pattern was convincing; almost. She was impressed with her friend’s acting skills. She briefly envisioned Melissa moving out West and pursuing an acting career, then laughed aloud at the absurdity of her wild imaginings. Still smiling to herself, she crossed her room and placed the phone in the charger on her dresser. 
She paused and looked out her window and saw a chaotic display. Winds whipped through trees littering the ground below with splashes of vibrantly hued leaves. Rain poured in sheets, limited her visibility to her property. 
As she continued watch nature’s elaborate show, she was startled by a loud noise from downstairs. A thunderous sound crashed inside her home. The crackle of wood shattering and splintering sounded as though the backdoor leading from the yard into the kitchen had imploded.
Frantically, Alexandra raced out of her bedroom to the hallway. Peering over the balustrade offered her a partial view of the kitchen. 
Fragments of wood were strewn across the floor. The doorframe laid in shards and slivers on the ceramic tiles. 
Gripped by panic, Alexandra returned to her room, shutting her door behind her as silently as possible. Surveying the area hurriedly, she searched for a quick exit from her second-story bedroom. She immediately realized there was none. She was trapped.
Her heart pounded frenziedly in her chest as the staircase groaned and creaked, divulging stealthy footsteps on it. Then, almost as suddenly as they began, the groaning stopped. The footfalls ceased. Whoever had broken into her home had halted outside the threshold of her bedroom.
With nowhere else to go, Alexandra scanned her bedroom, her pulse thundering, before finding refuge in her closet. 
Through slatted louvers, she peered out and saw the door to her room opening slowly. 
A hulking figure stalked through her room, picking up and sniffing strewn clothes that cluttered his path. Taller and broader than any man she had ever seen, the colossal being filled the room.
Alexandra involuntarily whimpered then covered her mouth to suppress a scream as he trained his gaze in her direction. His eyes were an unnatural yellow hue and were spaced widely from each other, his nose wide and flat, sloped to a thin line where lips should have sat, but didn’t. His face was hideous, inhuman. 
He sensed her presence, looked directly at her.
Her pulse rate quickened, resounded in her ears. Her breaths became short and shallow, threatened hyperventilation. Rivulets of perspiration trickled down between her shoulder blades, beads of sweat stippled her forehead.  She crouched, alone and defenseless in her closet as the gruesome beast swung the wooden closet doors open violently. He stood before her, glowering down at her huddled and trembling form.
Every nuance of his demeanor suggested an inherent need to tear her limb from limb. Alexandra was confronted with her impending demise. She turned her head to one side and squeezed her eyes shut. Tears escaped her closed eyes as visions of her life flashed before her.
The behemoth creature advanced. 
Though she refused to look at him, she felt the heat of his body as he loomed over her, his ragged inhalations and exhalations upon her. Her mind raced faster than ever. Her thoughts made little sense; except one. She was going to die. It was a certainty. She would never see her family again. She would not graduate or go to college. She would never marry nor have children. Instead, she would be murdered in her closet. 
Her heart rate accelerated dangerously. She prayed a heart attack would claim her before the killer did.
Suddenly, the house phone began ringing. It alarmed her further, though she could not imagine how that was remotely possible. It rang loudly until the fourth sound chimed and a recorded message indicated the Georgopoulos family was not available but would return any incoming calls at their soonest convenience.
Daniella’s voice echoed from the machine.
“Hey, Alexandra. Listen, Gabriel is having me drop Melissa at school by the entrance of the woods. Something is going on. She wasn’t kidding.  I’m glad you left. I hope you’re meeting me at the mall. I should be there in a few minutes. I’ll try you on your cell. Bye.”
The answering machine beeped to signal that the message had ended. 
Though the fiend was briefly distracted, Alexandra did not dare open her eyes; terror did not permit her to do so. They remained tightly shut as she silently implored God for a miracle.
Seconds passed. The monster did not strike. 
Alexandra cautiously opened one eye, then the other. To her surprise, no one stood before her. The beast was gone. Her prayers had been answered.
Chapter 33

Melissa was deafened by the sound of rain hammering against Daniella’s car and the endless stream of questions her friend asked as they drove from the diner to meet Gabriel. Frustrated that she could answer so few of Daniella’s inquiries, Melissa was relieved when they finally arrived at Harbingers High School. They proceeded along the length of the winding driveway to the rear of the school where she immediately spotted Gabriel’s hunter-green Ford Explorer. They pulled up beside him and Melissa thanked Daniella profusely before climbing out of the car and into the storm.
In the short time they traveled from the diner to the school, the winds picked up.  Strong gusts sent rain cascading to the ground at a slant. Large droplets pelted her face as she turned to watch Daniella’s Toyota Prius power out of sight. She then ran to Gabriel’s SUV. He started to get out and open her door for her but she called out for him not to bother. After all, it was pointless for both of them to be soaking wet.
As she climbed in, she was instantly greeted by his worried, tortured expression.  The beauty of Gabriel’s features was veiled by anxiousness, by fear. He looked at her briefly and did not speak. Instead, he shifted gears and began driving.
 She sat, a sickened entanglement of nerves, and waited as he drove along a service road used primarily by the maintenance department of the school district. The dirt road traversed the woods, paralleled the clearing where keg parties ensued and where Gabriel rescued Melissa from Kevin, and ended finally at a squat building that housed various landscaping apparatus. 
Stopping in front of the stout construct, Melissa could not endure the silence and spoke first.
“Gabriel, what the hell is going on?” she demanded. “Why are we parked here?”
“I need to keep my car out of sight. The person who’s hunting you, I mean us, knows my car.”
“What the hell are you talking about? Why would someone be hunting us?” Melissa exclaimed.
“Melissa, Terzini knows I showed you the lab. He had everything wired, the house and the laboratory, with cameras and mikes, I had no idea.  He’s insane, and now he wants us dead.”
“Oh my God!” Melissa whispered, confused considerations eddying about her head. The moment felt surreal, nightmarish. All of it was more than her mind could process–a rogue geneticist wanting to create an improved human species, a half-formed being in a tank, and now, someone was pursuing them. She felt like she was rapidly approaching a breaking point from which there was no turning back. 
“What I told you, the things you saw, no one else knows about. The kind of research Terzini is doing is not allowed. If the Russian mob found out he was alive, they’d kill him. If the government found out he was alive, he’d be arrested. Either way, he can’t risk what he does getting out.” 
Gabriel paused and put his head in his hands. 
“Melissa, I’m so sorry I ever got you involved in this. I shouldn’t have had you over the house or showed you the lab. I shouldn’t have even gotten involved with you. I was selfish. My feelings for you, I let them cloud my judgment. You don’t deserve any of this.”
Gabriel took a moment before continuing. “The man that’s after us, his name is Eugene. He was created by Terzini for situations like this, to tie-up loose ends.”
“We’re loose ends?” Melissa cried in disbelief.
Before Gabriel could respond, a familiar black car pulled up behind his Ford Explorer ensnaring the SUV in its position.
She turned in her seat to look out the back window and was shocked by what she saw.
From the driver’s side door of his car, Kevin stepped out, heavy showers plastering his highly stylized hair to his skull. She watched as he stood straight, a smug smile spreading across his lips as he moved toward them leaving the engine running. She squinted, perplexed to see that he brandished a silver aluminum baseball bat. 
Without warning, the remaining three doors of his sports car opened. John DeNardi, Eric Sala and Chris Mace climbed out wielding similar weapons.
“Oh my God,” was all she could manage.
“What the hell is going on here?” Gabriel muttered.
“This can’t be happening!” Melissa exclaimed. 
Melisa jumped as loud thumps pounded against the body of Gabriel’s SUV. Her heart raced as she saw Kevin and his crew rounding from the rear; the source of the pounding became clear. Wind-driven precipitation lashed as they shouted for both Gabriel and Melissa to get out of the vehicle.
“Get the fuck out of the car!” Kevin ordered.
Afraid, Melissa watched as Gabriel put his hand on the door handle and pulled. He leaned across the console and kissed Melissa.  
“I got us into this. Let me deal with them and see if I can get us out of it. I’m so sorry, Melissa.”
Frantically, she pleaded with him to stay in the car.
“Gabriel, don’t go! They’ll kill you!” she screamed.
Melissa looked imploringly at Gabriel as she tugged on his arm, pulling him closer to her.
“There’s nothing you can say to him that will make him back off,” she argued in a more controlled voice.
Taking her face in his hands, Gabriel kissed Melissa once more and said, “They won’t kill me. And I have to try to stop this somehow.”
“Please,” she began and clutched his arm, but offered nothing more. The resolute look on his face warned her off. She withdrew her hands that attempted to restrain him and Gabriel pulled the lever the remainder of the distance. She could do nothing more than sit idly by as Gabriel opened the door.
Despite the closed windows of the Explorer and the pounding, windswept rain, Melissa was still able to hear Gabriel’s muffled voice as he made an effort to reason with Kevin and his followers.
“Guys, come on, move your car so we can get out of here, all right?” she heard Gabriel say levelly.
She then heard Kevin raising his voice. He shouted, “Not a chance, asshole. We’re settling this right here, right now.” 
She immediately recognized that Kevin was mimicking Gabriel’s words from their parking lot skirmish days earlier.
Gabriel’s posture seemed unperturbed. She heard him say, “Settle this?” as rain poured on him, obscuring his serene features. “You call four guys with bats against one unarmed guy a fair way to settle things?”
Another voice chimed in. Eric shouted, “We don’t give a shit about fair asshole!” 
“Yeah. We just wanna kick your ass!” John added, yelling.
“Did you think we were gonna let you get away with that shit you pulled the other day?” Kevin rallied sarcastically. “This is our school! You came here and tried to fuck with that!”
She watched as Kevin stepped toward Gabriel as he spoke. Then without warning, he swung his bat high and Gabriel’s head became the intended target. Gabriel ducked and dodged the swipe before Eric, John and Chris descended on him.  
With aluminum bats attacking him from every angle, even someone as strong as Gabriel could not fend off the strikes. Melissa screamed from inside the car and slid to the driver’s side as she reached for her cellular phone. She immediately dialed 9-1-1, desperate to contact the police, but her location and the inclement weather conspired against her; call service was unavailable.
Melissa cursed and shifted her position and tried again. 
As she expected, there was still no service. She watched in horror as a blow landed against Gabriel’s back, causing him to arch his body and howl in pain followed by another swing that struck him in the arm. A third hit landed against his thigh, knocking him to the ground.
His face was pained. With no other choice than self-preservation, she saw that Gabriel remained on the ground and protected his head with his arms as Kevin and his cronies advanced. 
Their assault was tireless. Melissa watched as Kevin, Eric, Chris and John kick Gabriel about his body with fervor and conviction. He could do little to defend himself. They were fierce, merciless.
Melissa swore again, raging at Kevin and his group, at her inability to call the police. She was powerless to help Gabriel. 
Gabriel would not be able to sustain many more blows. He was bruised and bloodied. 
Without thinking, she jumped out of Gabriel’s Ford Explorer. 
Stepping into the hellish rainstorm, Melissa began screaming in a voice panicked and piercing, alien to her ears.
“Leave him alone!” she shrieked repeatedly.
Kevin turned toward Melissa. He no longer resembled the handsome, star-athlete beloved by most people at Harbingers High School. He looked like a wild-eyed criminal, like a monster. Rivulets of rain streamed down his face lending him a distorted, demonic expression befitting his malicious actions. 
He glowered at her and shouted, “You’re next bitch! Don’t think we’ve forgotten about you!” 
She knew his threats were anything but hollow.
She listened as John, Eric and Chris jeered at her as well, taunting as they kicked at Gabriel. 
Gabriel screamed at her from his prone position.
“Run, Melissa! Get out of here now!” he screamed.
Melissa paused, briefly immobilized. She knew she must leave and get help but could not fathom abandoning him. Her heart and her mind contended with each other, one preventing the other from acting effectively. Finally, words were formed on her lips. She heard herself say to Gabriel, “I’ll get help!” then she reluctantly turned from him and ran.
With her head down, she strode as fast as her legs would allow. Her mind had a single objective: get help; despite the consequences, she needed to get help. She ran against the rain as it gusted and mixed with snow periodically, deeper into the woods.

***

From the leaf-littered floor of the woods, pain radiated from every part of Gabriel’s body. Despite his injuries, he was thankful that Melissa was gone. His attackers had retreated for the moment. Gabriel lifted his head. He sensed their silence was anything but reassuring. As he did so, he saw Kevin watch as Melissa ran off into the woods. On his face, he wore the realization that she would quickly happen on another trail that led her to a residential road, a road where she could easily be granted access to contact the authorities. He watched as Kevin clenched and flexed his jaw contemplating his next move.
Suddenly, Kevin roared, “Get her!” to Eric Sala, a track star, and fellow football and basketball teammate. “Get that bitch back here! I don’t care if you have to drag her by her hair to get her back here!” 
On command, Eric sprinted into the thicket after Melissa.
Unadulterated rage coursed through Gabriel’s veins as Kevin ordered Eric to accost Melissa. Adrenaline surged through him, enabled his battered body to rise. 
“You will not touch her!” he howled standing erect and squaring his shoulders.
Chris charged at him with his aluminum baseball bat. Gabriel anticipated the blow, allowed it to strike his body. Instead of absorbing the swipe, he tensed his abdominal muscles at the precise second of impact and immediately dropped his arm on the bat trapping it. Then Gabriel yanked the bat with both of his hands, seizing it from Chris’s grasp. 
With the weapon in his hands, Gabriel used the butt of the bat and struck his opponent squarely in the jaw.
Devastated by both the force and swiftness of the blow, Chris Mace staggered and fell to the ground clutching his chin and writhing in pain.
Gabriel turned, now armed, and confronted John DeNardi who approached behind his fallen comrade. Confounded by what he had witnessed, John advanced more cautiously than Chris had. 
Gabriel noticed that John approached, tentatively at first. Then, trying to surprise him, John charged. He swung his weapon wildly, recklessly. With no specific target intended though, John’s swings were easily deflected by Gabriel. 
Gabriel blocked and dodged the many, fevered strikes. John struck with zeal but without strategy. As he stepped back drawing both arms to one side trying to swing the bat with all of his might, Gabriel saw that John left his back exposed, vulnerable. Gabriel calculated the ideal time to launch a counterattack against him. He spun and rammed the butt of his own bat forcefully into the back of John’s head. John dropped to the ground and fell, unconscious.
With John and Chris down, Kevin Anderson remained the last member of the group on his feet. He looked at Gabriel with deep concern, with fear. Gabriel guessed Kevin had not planned to fight him alone.  He did not want to let Kevin off so easily this time, but time was a complication. Time was ticking away. Eric still trailed Melissa. And Eugene was undoubtedly in pursuit of her as well, though it was unlikely he was in the woods. Nevertheless, Gabriel could not consider Eugene at the moment. Instead, he focused his anger on Kevin and faced off with him. 
Mixed precipitation teemed down from grayed heavens as they stood before each other.  Each droplet rained angrily, pointedly, pelting and pummeling them, obscuring movements. 
But Gabriel held a genetic advantage. With his unmatched vision, he assessed Kevin’s every action, each step taken. He noted the slightest shift in his opponent’s body and was prepared for an attack from any angle. He did not need the advantage of his superior sight, however, to see that Kevin no longer retained the arrogance he enjoyed earlier when all his followers were present. He assumed the pallid hue of a man outmatched. 
Yet despite the inkling that he would be bested, Kevin attacked first. He intended to land a blow to Gabriel’s head. 
Gabriel studied how Kevin swung his bat with speed that was both astonishing and impressive. Familiar with the feel of a bat gripped in his hands, the star baseball player who captioned his school’s team handled the equipment with acuity, with adroitness.
But Gabriel’s reflexes were unparalleled. As the club approached his temple with a mere fraction of a second to spare before impact, Gabriel dropped on one knee. Narrowly avoiding a blow to the skull, he swung his weapon directly into Kevin Anderson’s kneecap. 
The knock brought Kevin down hard on the thicketed ground. 
Howling in pain, the celebrated athlete gripped his injured knee.
Gabriel then balled one powerful fist and hurled two blows in quick succession. One landed on Kevin’s temple while the other fell on his jaw. Kevin’s head slumped back as consciousness escaped him. 
Though his adversary was unconscious, he wanted nothing more than to hammer at Kevin with both of his fists, to dole out the punishment he deserved. But there were more pressing matters, more dire situations to contend with. He needed to find Melissa. He needed to protect her from Eugene. 
Summoning every ounce of restraint he had, Gabriel refrained from beating Kevin Anderson to a bloodied pulp. Instead, he dashed off in the direction that Eric Sala ran to find Melissa.
Chapter 34

Kevin Anderson regained consciousness and found himself on the brush-covered floor of the wooded area behind his high school. Rain and sleet pounded him. Intense pain radiated from his fractured kneecap.
Cold, wet and wounded, he rolled to one side to ease the pressure on his broken bone. As he turned, he felt his face throb. Instinctively, he raised his hand to his cheek. Beneath his fingertips, he felt swollen, tender flesh. He squeezed his eyes shut in agony.
Kevin opened his eyes to a sight that had gone unnoticed earlier. In his blurred line of vision he saw his friends, Chris Mace and John DeNardi, struggling to their feet in the thicket. Both had been bruised and beaten. But he no longer cared about them. Gabriel was nowhere in sight; his friends failed him. 
Despite pain searing through his body, Kevin seethed.  Word of his fight with Gabriel would spread quickly. Respect for him would be lost, impossible to regain. Something more than his body began to hurt: his pride. 
He realized he would not be superior to his peers anymore; it was a realization more painful than he could articulate. 
A noise interrupted Kevin’s self-pity. It directed his attention from his friends, as well. His eyes were drawn to a dense cluster of bushes that moved noisily. 
From inside the bushes came a rustling louder than the lashing elements. Rain and sleet pelted his face as it cascaded and whipped about from overhead. With his vision obscured by the elements, Kevin squinted at the brush as it parted. 
Kevin stared in shock and disbelief at what emerged from the bushes. It appeared to be a man, but it wasn’t. It was larger and more heavily muscled than any man he had ever seen. Kevin gaped at what loomed in the distance. 
The being’s brawny body was impressive, intimidating. But the genuine horror of its manifestation was its gruesome face. It was not human. 
Like a nightmarish apparition arising from a cryptic tomb, the immense creature stepped out from the brush. 
Through precipitation that poured and pounded, feline yellow eyes glared at Kevin hatefully, murderously. 
Instinct urged him to flee, but his injured knee prevented him from doing so. 
Instead, Kevin squeezed his eyes tightly shut. He was certain the figure before him was a hallucination, a result of a severe concussion. He shook his head from side to side, tried to clear the image from his mind.
Yet when he stopped shaking his head and opened his eyes again, the monster remained. And it had busied itself.
Kevin looked on in shock as the creature grabbed Chris Mace, writhing, off the ground by his neck and hoisted him high in the air to meet his unnatural honey-hued gaze. 
Chris squirmed and flailed to free himself from the clutches of the veritable boogeyman. He cried out in terror, pleaded for his life. But his pleas were pointless, it was impervious to appeal.
Kevin watched as the leviathan glowered at Chris. He heard a loud cracking sound as it squeezed his friend’s neck. 
Chris stopped moving, his body hung limp. 
The yellow-eyed behemoth threw his friend’s corpse to the forest floor and shuddered. He seemed to rejoice in killing him. 
An intense piercing noise suddenly echoed through the woods. It clawed at Kevin eardrums. He moved his hands to cover his ears before realizing the noise was coming from him; it was the sound of his own panic-stricken screams.
The goliath remained, unperturbed by his shrill cries. He seemed intensely focused on John DeNardi. John sat motionless on the ground, paralyzed by shock, catatonic from fear. Kevin watched as the beast lifted John by the front of his T-shirt, raising him with ease. 
The spell of unresponsiveness was broken and John suddenly comprehended his fate. Sobbing uncontrollably, he tried to maneuver his body out of his T-shirt, but could not. The giant had him throttled.
Then, in one sinuous motion, the fiend slammed John’s flailing body against the trunk of a mature tree.  He stopped moving. The blow killed him. The monster released his body, allowing it to fall to the saturated copse. 
He turned toward Kevin and advanced, quickly closing the distance between them.
Kevin no longer worried about Melissa Martin or Gabriel James. His reputation at Harbingers High School was suddenly irrelevant. A gush of fluid warmed his lap. 
Wounded and saturated in his urine, Kevin Anderson looked up pleadingly into the face of pure evil and saw not the vaguest capacity for mercy. He saw hatred.
The monster lifted his leg and suspended his foot over Kevin’s head. 
With tears in his eyes, Kevin Anderson drew his last breath as he stared up at his final vision, the sight of an enormous booted foot as it came crashing down on his skull. 
Chapter 35

Amid the smell of fear-saturated secretions of teenage boys who had recently met their demise, a new scent perfumed the air.  The sweet aroma permeated the atmosphere despite the downpour from the angry heavens.
As the wind blew stirring branches and limbs and whipping colored leaves in its wake, a familiar scent lingered: vanilla, caramel and coconut. 
The notes alerted Eugene’s senses. Inhaling deeply, he immediately recognized the intoxicating fragrance. 
His mouth salivated profusely and his body shuddered.
Thunder rumbled through the trees, shook the forest floor.
Eugene stalked off after the trail of Melissa Martin.

***

Gabriel sprinted, aluminum bat in hand, into the wind and precipitation that refused to commit to being frozen or liquid. Alternating between sleet and rain, it stung his face as he ran as quickly as he could. 
In the distance, he saw them. Eric Sala tackled Melissa to the ground, her body slammed against the leaf covered forest floor. Writhing and kicking frantically, Melissa attempted to free herself. Eric straddled her, seized her wrists and held them in one of his hands then raised the other to slap her into submission.
Gabriel saw the impending strike, but had only seconds to close the considerable distance between them. It would be impossible for him to physically halt what was about to ensue. Instead, he looked to the aluminum bat in his hand and made a decision.
His rapidly approaching footsteps diverted Eric’s attention. From atop Melissa, he snapped his head up quickly to see who advanced. When he did, he glimpsed Gabriel hurling an object into the air. 
Instantly, the expression on his face registered recognition of the article racing toward him. An aluminum baseball bat tumbled end over end, too rapidly to dodge. 
The barrel of the bat caught Eric Sala in the upper-portion of his forehead. A loud popping sound echoed as the aluminum struck his skull. Blood trickled from his hairline and he collapsed sideways, unconscious, off Melissa.
Though violence was not part of his original objective, it became an increasingly necessary tool in securing both Melissa’s safety and his own. He did not like engaging in violent behavior but was comforted when it shielded Melissa from harm. As he rebuked his aggression internally, he moved toward her. Melissa was sitting, stunned and silenced by the precise and effective attack he launched. 
Gabriel rushed to Melissa’s side. “Are you okay?” he asked frantically. “Has he hurt you?”
“No, no. I’m all right. What was all that screaming I heard?”
He reached out and helped her up.
“It’s time to go. Now!” Gabriel told her.
“What? I mean, what the hell happened? What was all that?” Melissa stammered, lost for words.
He did not have time to fully explain that the bone-chilling cries she heard indicated Eugene’s arrival. 
“Melissa, he’s here,” was all he managed.
“Who?”
“Eugene! Eugene is here now! We have to go!” Gabriel ordered. “You have to double back. You can’t make it on foot to the street. It’s too far. He will outrun you. You’ll have to double back. Get to my car!”
“But the car is pinned between Kevin’s car and the maintenance shack,” Melissa countered.
Gabriel recalled that the daytime running headlamps of Kevin’s sports car were on during their skirmish. 
“Not Kevin’s car. His car was still running.”
Gabriel did not know how to tell her that Kevin was dead, that he had been killed by a murderous beast created by Dr. Franklin Terzini, the same man who created him. 
Despite Kevin’s malicious intents, his death was abrupt. He found himself briefly mourning the death of a fellow human being.
“Okay. Yes, you’re right. His car was still running. But won’t Kevin try to stop me?” Melissa asked.
“Melissa, Kevin will not need his car.” 
Gabriel paused to insure Melissa fully comprehended what had happened. 
“Ever again,” he finished.
 “I’ll stay back and draw Eugene here. That should buy you enough time to get to the car.”
“What? No! I’m not leaving you Gabriel!” Melissa shrieked.
He knew she did not have the slightest chance of outrunning Eugene, doubted whether he could either.
“You have no choice, Melissa. You can’t outrun him. I can at least slow him long enough to get you safely out of the woods.”
“But Gabriel, he’ll kill you,” Melissa whispered, her voice thick with emotion.
“I’ll distract him until I hear you pull away. Then I’ll run to the parking lot,” Gabriel managed. “If I’m not out when you get to the lot, leave.”
A tear streamed down Melissa’s dirtied cheek as she breathed, “No. I won’t leave you here to die.”
“Go Melissa. Now! I’ll make it back to you. I promise!” Gabriel pledged in hopes that his assurance was more than empty words.
Reluctantly, Melissa took off deeper into the woods.
Once she disappeared, Gabriel bent and retrieved the aluminum bat from the ground. He found a large, mature pine. Intending to hammer the bat into the formidable trunk, certain that Eugene would hear the sound, Gabriel drew the bat back but stopped midswing as he heard footsteps approaching swiftly through the brush. Eugene stepped into view.
Gabriel fortified his stance clutching the bat in both hands like a sword. He faced Eugene.
Spreading his thin lips across menacing fanged teeth, Eugene’s face contorted into a hideously sinister smile before he spoke. 
“That’s quite an uninspiring weapon, Gabriel. Just what do you intend to do with that little stick?” he asked.
Gabriel did not speak. Instead, he met Eugene’s gaze, fully prepared for confrontation.
“What’s the matter Gabriel? Have you nothing to say to me?” Eugene taunted shaking his head from side to side. “And here Terzini thought you were his masterpiece, his opus. And what did you do, Mr. Crowning Glory? You fell in love.”
Eugene paused. A wicked laugh escaped his compressed lips. 
“With an insignificant human!” he finished sarcastically.
Eugene and Gabriel slowly circled each other. 
“Where is she, your precious Melissa? I can smell her.  Her scent is so thick in the air,” Eugene menaced as he sniffed the air dramatically. “But it moves farther away,” he said closing his amber eyes. “No worries though Gabriel, I will be able to catch her before she gets far. My only regret is that you won’t be around to see her die; you’ll already be dead.”
The sound of a rapidly accelerating car engine and tires spinning on dirt interrupted Eugene’s rant. 
Snapping his head immediately toward the sound, Eugene’s features expressed realization that he had been outwitted. 
“Clever,” Eugene hissed.
Gabriel launched the aluminum baseball bat he gripped at Eugene, striking him in the temple. The blow, though ineffectual, further incensed Eugene. Gabriel turned to run as the bat was released from his grasp.
Racing toward the paved parking area in the rear of Harbingers High School, Gabriel did not think of his safety or survival, but of Melissa’s.  
Engaging in battle with Eugene would be futile. Gabriel did not stand a chance against the trained killer who outweighed him by nearly two hundred muscled pounds. He needed to live. Without him, Melissa would die.
Racing through the bushes, the parking lot came into view. Behind him, Eugene’s murderous stride was gaining momentum.
He advanced with inhuman speed quickly closing the distance between him and Gabriel.
Gabriel pushed his body to its limits, tested the boundaries of his muscles and surged ahead, adrenaline supplementing his speed.
As Gabriel passed the phantasmagoric scene of mangled bodies, the corpses of Kevin, Chris and John, he averted his eyes and pressed forward.
Eugene’s vicious gait approached rapidly. Gabriel did not turn to see the monster behind him.
Gabriel’s feet finally landed on asphalt just as he spotted Melissa behind the wheel of the late Kevin’s black Infiniti G37 Sport Coupe. The car was stopped and the passenger side door stood ajar.
Gabriel did not break stride but shouted at Melissa, “Go! Go! Go!” as he slid into the passenger seat. Melissa stomped on the gas pedal. Tires fought the rain-slickened blacktop, struggling for traction and protesting Melissa’s haste as she simultaneously slammed the gear shift from park to drive and depressed the accelerator as far as it would permit.
Eugene appeared at the edge of the woods. He stepped on to the pavement and ran toward the car.
As the car finally found grip on the wet pavement, the powerful 3.7-liter V6 engine of the Infiniti roared to life at Melissa’s command responding at once, moving them rapidly out of harm’s way.
Gabriel glanced behind him and saw that Eugene’s powerful engineering was bested by the powerful engine of the sports car. Thoroughly vexed, Eugene would not relent. He continued his pursuit, crossed and riled.  
“Go! Go! Go!” Gabriel continued to prompt.
“I’m trying!” Melissa screamed as she looked up at the rearview mirror.
“Don’t look back!” Gabriel cautioned too late. He saw her horrified reaction when she stared rearward at the creature threatening from behind. He knew the mirror reflected an image more frightening than neither literature nor Hollywood could produce, that the image of Eugene’s face would be etched in her mind’s eye forever.
When Melissa finally tore her eyes away from him, Eugene produced a guttural din, ferocious, savage.
Eugene hoisted his fists high into the air and brought them crashing down on the trunk of the sports car. Enormous, balled hands descended with a deafening boom as metal caved beneath his strike.
“Oh my God!” Melissa screamed as the Infiniti Sport Coupe tore out of the long driveway leading to and from her high school and onto Shelton Road. Without hitting the brakes, she directed the vehicle through a reddened traffic light fearful of oncoming traffic that continuously flowed along the busy residential street.
Both Melissa and Gabriel were met with the sound of rubber opposing wet pavement as cars were forced to break unexpectedly, abruptly. Horns honked indignantly. Drivers issued curse-laden directives and threats. Some offered obscene gestures while others merely raised an irate hand.
Despite being angrily greeted by fellow motorists with their sudden entrance into the flow of traffic, Melissa and Gabriel were grateful that they had momentarily dodged Eugene and being plowed into by the movement of onrushing cars along the main thoroughfare. 
Melissa began to cry, softly at first then at once quiet tears gave way to uncontrollable sobbing. She struggled to maintain control of the powerful sports car.
Wiping her eyes and composing herself slightly, Melissa spoke. 
“Gabriel, what the hell was that thing?”
“That was Eugene,” he said simply.
“This can’t be happening. I feel like I’m in a nightmare. I mean, he killed them all! I thought it was just me he was after.”
“He’ll kill anyone who gets in his way, Melissa. He will not stop until we are dead,” Gabriel said solemnly.  “We need to get you as far away as possible.”
“He’ll go to my house,” Melissa declared. “My dad will be home from work now. Gabriel, we have to go back!” she panicked. “We need to get my dad!”
“Melissa, we have to keep moving.”
“And what? Let this Eugene kill my dad?”
Gabriel paused before offering, “Call your house. Have him meet us.”
Melissa removed one hand from the steering wheel and fumbled in the front pocket of her jeans. After retrieving her cellular phone, she handed it to Gabriel. He quickly touched an image of a house on the illuminated screen labeled “home.”
He waited, listening intently for a ringing sound. Instead, he heard an incessant buzzing repeated at regular intervals. 
“It’s busy,” he said. “We’ll try back again in a minute.”
“Gabriel, you don’t understand! We have call-waiting! There should not be a busy signal!”
Melissa pulled on to the shoulder of the road. After checking for approaching cars, she promptly made a U-turn.
Heading back toward Melissa’s humble home on Blackstone Drive, Gabriel’s mind raced. Gripped by panic and fear he was unfamiliar with, he struggled to remain calm, but he knew he must do so for Melissa. He was now charged with saving her and her father, an insurmountable task. He silently vowed to protect both of them. He would fight to the death if necessary.
Chapter 36

Gabriel burst through the front door of Melissa’s home on Blackstone Drive with her at his side.  Instantly, he was greeted with an eerie silence. Stillness had settled over the house like a thick layer of freshly fallen snow, stifling and silencing the hum and buzz of machinery. Ordinary household sounds, the ticking of the clock, the whirring of the refrigerator, the purring of the heating system, were muffled, deadened. 
He noticed Melissa was alarmed as well and immediately began calling out to her father.
“Dad! Dad!” she shouted, but was answered with silence.
Gabriel scanned the space before him. A long hallway leading to the living-room area was ahead. From where he stood, he had a clear view of the living room. 
Melissa’s father was not in the hallway or living room
He decided to search the house. Something or someone was responsible for the unnatural silence. Gabriel feared the worst; that Eugene had beaten them to the Martin home and murdered Christopher Martin and that he remained, lurking in the confines of their home waiting for the moment to strike. Unwilling to waste another moment and possibly prolonging an inevitable confrontation, he cautiously turned to his left and moved into the kitchen. Melissa followed, silent and anxious. Gabriel rounded the corner into the kitchen and quickly inspected the area fearing that at any second he would unearth Christopher Martin’s lifeless form crudely positioned as both an affront and preview of things to come for both of them.
No corpse was visible. The room was empty. However, atop the wooden dinette, various articles of mail and flyers were strewn. Such evidence suggested that her father was home but not answering his daughter.  Gabriel’s concern grew.
Prompted by the silence that filled the house and a profound worry for Christopher Martin’s life, Gabriel moved faster. 
Swiftly, he continued the length of the vacant kitchen and proceeded into the dining room. The chairs were unoccupied. Only a laundry basket filled with cleaned and folded clothes rested on a chair.
Gabriel looked to Melissa. Her face was filled with worry. She did not utter a word, but her eyes spoke of panic, of dread. He reached out and took her hand in his, gave it a reassuring squeeze. She accepted the gesture and returned the grasp then smiled thinly. Gabriel knew it was a halfhearted attempt at feigning confidence; that it was done for his benefit. He knew she feared for her only family member’s life.
Gabriel’s hatred of Dr. Terzini intensified. Terzini was responsible for Eugene, for him, and, for Melissa’s pain. Whether or not Christopher Martin lived, Gabriel was uncertain. But he was certain Melissa would. Standing in her dining room, he silently pledged to not fail her as he imagined he had failed her father. 
From the dining room he swiftly led Melissa into the family room at the rear of the house. The otherwise cozy living space stood uninhabited. As Gabriel suspected, her father was neither seated at the desk, nor did he rest on the sectional in front of the flat-screen television.
“Gabriel, let’s check the basement, see if my dad is working out or something,” Melissa said, her voice breaking with emotion.
Then she paused and reconsidered as if thinking aloud before adding, “Wait, we should look in the garage first and see if his car is there. I mean, there’s a slight chance he had to run out or something.”  
Taking her lead, Gabriel dashed down the hallway. Directly across from the doorway to the basement lay a short corridor. In this passageway, straight ahead stood a door to the laundry room and lining both sides were ingresses as well. One led to a small half bathroom while the other led to the garage. 
Melissa rushed to the entryway of the garage and opened the door. A black Toyota Rav 4 occupied the bay, her father’s SUV.
“His car is here,” Melissa said quietly. 
Gabriel did not speak. He did not have the right words to soothe her, if such words existed. Instead he stared into her emerald eyes wordlessly willing her to be strong and know that he loved her, that he would protect her. He believed she received his psychic message of love as she tipped her chin up defiantly, refusing to accept the possibility of her father’s death. She shut the door to the garage and left the short hallway. Melissa stepped into the main hallway with him following and opened a door along the wall. Beyond the entryway was a painted, wooden flight of steps leading to the basement. 
“I’m going first,” Gabriel said, leaving no room for argument.
Melissa did not fight him but moved out of the way and followed him.  
Gabriel stepped gingerly from each tread to the next and held fast to the guardrails on either side of the partially finished staircase. His heart pounded as the silence of the house grew thicker the deeper they descended into the basement. 
Stepping off the last rung of the staircase and on to the black linoleum flooring, Gabriel felt colder. He placed his arm out protectively in front of Melissa with his hand at waist level. He found the light switch and turned on the overhead fixtures then quickly surveyed the room. Furnished with a weight bench and an array of free-weight plates and bars, a Bowflex exercise machine, a treadmill, an elliptical trainer and a power cage that provided safety for her dad when he lifted heavy weights, the underground room was a shrine to physical fitness. During several conversations, Melissa lovingly referred it as her dad’s “man-cave” teasing that when she stepped into the room, her voice dropped an octave in response the high levels of testosterone present. Gabriel smiled sadly at the loving anecdote.
Melissa looked warily at Gabriel.
“He isn’t down here. Let’s look upstairs,” she said meekly.
Gabriel’s stomach churned nervously. He had inspected the main floor of the house and the basement. Only one level remained. He was convinced that it was on the top floor that they would find her father’s corpse, and possibly Eugene. He switched off the lights and both he and Melissa ascended the staircase. 
After shutting the door behind them, they strode down the longer corridor past the front door and began climbing the steps slowly at first, then faster, more resolutely.  Gabriel raced up the staircase with Melissa behind him.
“Dad! Dad!” Melissa shouted again.
No one answered immediately. Overhearing movement from the master bedroom, Gabriel paused at the top of the steps.
“What? What’s going on Gabriel?” Melissa asked.
Her hearing was not as sensitive as his. She had not heard the sound of footfalls coming from the room down the hall.
“Melissa, leave. Now!” he commanded.
As the footsteps grew closer, Melissa heard them.
“Run!” Gabriel shouted.
Suddenly, from the master bedroom, Melissa’s father emerged. 
“What’s all the yelling about?” he grouched. “Can’t a man use the toilet for heaven’s sake?” he asked, gesturing to the small bathroom off his bedroom. 
“Gabriel,” he nodded in recognition. “What the hell is going on with you two?”
Relieved, Gabriel smiled. “Hello Sir,” he said.
“Dad, I was calling and calling. Why didn’t you answer me?” Melissa began.
“I was in the bathroom with the fan on. I didn’t even hear you. Besides, last time I checked I’m the parent and you’re the child,” her father began lecturing.
“We have to get out of the house!” Melissa interrupted impatiently.
“What’s with the attitude, Missy?”
“Dad, just listen to me! There’s no time to argue! We have to leave right now.” 
“Why? Is the house on fire?” Christopher asked with concern.
“No, Dad. Something much worse is happening. You’re going to have to just trust me. We have to get out now!” she urged.
“Calm down Missy and tell me what the hell is going on!” her father demanded uneasily, wrapping an arm around her shoulders.
“Dad, don’t you hear what I’m telling you? We have to leave now!” she pressed.
Gabriel watched as Christopher Martin embraced his daughter, how the safety of his embrace allowed her to crumble.  Emotion engulfed her fully. Tears streamed down her cheeks and she began to sob. 
“He killed them, Dad. He killed them all! We have to get out of here.”
Her father’s jaw flexed as he tried to process his daughter’s cryptic statement. He held her back and looked directly at her. 
“Who is ‘he’? Who did ‘he’ kill?” he asked, his voice laden with confusion and alarm.
Before Melissa could answer her father’s question, the sound of the front door slamming redirected their attention.
From the top of the staircase, Gabriel, Melissa and Christopher glanced over the balustrade to the landing below. 
“What the fuck!” Christopher screamed.
At the bottom of the staircase, a hulking and familiar presence loomed. Eugene had arrived at the Martin household.
Gabriel saw Christopher Martin hesitate at the sight of Eugene. He recoiled in horror briefly before an intense instinctual inclination compelled him to act. He did not need further instruction but knew that the beast intended to harm him and his home’s inhabitants. Heeding the inherent warning, he responded instantly, running back into his bedroom to retrieve his Remington shotgun that remained loaded and waiting on a rack on the interior wall since the night that he intended to imperil Kevin Anderson. 
When Melissa’s father returned to the hall, Eugene was at the top of the steps, but froze as Christopher Martin pointed the barrel of the shotgun at him.
Christopher shouted to his daughter without taking his eyes off of Eugene.
“Missy, get in your room and lock the door! Don’t open it at all, for any reason! Do you understand me?” he yelled.
“Yes Dad! I do!” Melissa cried. 
With no other exit route available, her father stood, ready to defend himself and his daughter.
Eugene slowly advanced taking a tentative step forward.
“Don’t take another fucking step!” Christopher shouted.
Eugene halted and raised his hands, his giant palms turned outward in a mock show of cooperation, of surrender.
“Gabriel, go! Go with her,” her father commanded.
“No sir. I am staying with you,” Gabriel said in a level, voice. 
Though he had no plan for exactly how to protect Melissa and her father, he intended to fight. He would not run and allow Christopher Martin to stand alone against Eugene.
As if he understood Gabriel’s commitment to both he and his daughter, Melissa’s dad did not bother trying to discourage him. Instead he ordered Gabriel to remain where he stood. Gabriel, of course, would not stand idly by. He would defend the Martins. For the moment though, he did as her father told him.
He was forced to observe the wide-eyed gaze of Melissa’s father as he seemed unable to look away from Eugene. Then unexpectedly, Melissa’s father exchanged a mysterious message with her, stole a furtive glance in her direction as he called out, “Missy, remember the tree! I never did what I said I’d do!”
Melissa locked eyes with her father fleetingly before shutting and locking the door to her bedroom. She understood her father’s secret instructions. Though Gabriel was not privy to their clandestine code, he could only hope that it contained an escape route. 
In that instant, Eugene capitalized on Gabriel and Christopher’s grave mistake. They had taken their eyes off him for mere seconds allowing him ample time to advance. 
As he and Melissa’s dad turned to refocus on the leviathan, they realized they were under attack. Eugene descended on them, moving faster than was humanly possible.
Reflexively, Christopher Martin discharged his weapon hitting the behemoth in the shoulder. Eugene howled in pain. Gabriel waited to see if he had been stopped, then quickly discovered that while he was wounded, the bullets did little to halt his advancement. 
Shocked at the ineffectiveness of his artillery, Christopher cocked and aimed the shotgun and attempted to squeeze off another round. But before he could successfully fire his weapon, Eugene swatted at him with his enormous hand. The blow sent Melissa’s father crashing into the far wall of the hallway. The shotgun landed at his feet. His body was still.
Eugene began to move toward the felled man. Anger and fear melded as Gabriel realized he stood about to battle with the personification of Death. Though not cloaked in a long black cloak and not a mere skeleton of a man, Eugene performed as Dr. Franklin Terzini’s personal Grim Reaper, as an executioner. It was the sole purpose of his creation. But Gabriel was unwilling to allow Eugene the opportunity to orphan Melissa. He stepped out from the recess and made his presence known. 
Gabriel confronted Eugene, his posture defiant, prepared for the inevitable physical confrontation that would ensue.
Incensed by Gabriel’s impudence, Eugene launched a rage filled assault. He delivered a punch with unparalleled speed. Gabriel narrowly dodged the blow. He did not recover from its velocity in time to see the second swipe coming. It crashed into his skull just above his temple, knocking him to the floor. Pain exploded from his head. He saw a burst of blinding white light followed by a pinwheel of colors.
Stunned and reeling, Gabriel’s eyes slowly focused. He lifted his chin and looked over his shoulder. From his prone position, he spotted the shotgun more than an arm’s reach away. He extended his limb as far as it would allow, his fingertips grazed the warm steel of the recently discharged weapon.
Watching his attempt, Eugene extended his powerful arm outward and seized Gabriel’s foot. He dragged Gabriel toward him, positioning him away from the gun.
“Did you honestly think you’d be quick enough to get that gun before I crushed you?” Eugene spat.
He towered over Gabriel, obviously enjoying the moment before he would release his vengeful, violent fury. 

***

From her bedroom, Melissa listened in horror to what occurred outside her bedroom door. Helpless to assist the two men she loved, she realized she needed to obey her father’s instructions.
Melissa crossed her room and opened the window. Leaning out, she lifted one leg and hoisted herself out on to the roof of the garage and slid down the length of the shingled surface on her backside and grabbed a large, outstretched branch of the mature oak that hugged their home.
Once enveloped in its sturdy branches, Melissa moved down, navigating its interlocking limbs before landing on the lawn below. She looked left then right, contemplated which neighbor was closest. She went to the right, though not to seek a neighbor’s help, but to reenter her home.
Melissa pushed open her front door and dashed into the kitchen unnoticed. From the ten-slot wooden knife block sitting atop the kitchen counter, Melissa selected a twelve-inch butcher knife. It had not been used since her mother was alive, but the blade retained its shine and a razor-sharp edge.
Peering around the corner from the kitchen, Melissa had a clear view of Eugene. He stood with his back to her. With stealth and silence, she swiftly stole up the stairs. She saw that Eugene was intensely focused on Gabriel. He did not notice her approach until seconds before she reached him.
The abomination loomed over Gabriel. He raised his muscled arm to strike at him as Melissa sprang into motion.
As she mounted the treads and was just steps from him, Eugene inhaled deeply. It became clear to her that his sense of smell alerted him to her presence. He shuddered and snapped his head to the side as she plunged the blade of the butcher knife into the center of his back.  
Eugene cried and grabbed for the knife between his shoulder blades. Melissa slipped past him to the opposite end of the hallway and into the spare bedroom.
Using the distraction, Gabriel scrambled to the shotgun. Once the weapon was in his hands, she watched as he rolled onto his back and leveled the weapon at Eugene. He squeezed the trigger, blasting a bullet directly at the behemoth beast.
The shell exploded into Eugene’s chest, knocking him back several steps. As he staggered, Gabriel got to his feet. Once standing, he pumped the shotgun extracting the spent shells as Eugene approached. He fired again, hitting Eugene once more in the chest and knocking him back to the top of the stairs.
Gabriel then stepped forward and engaged the weapon a final time. The round sent Eugene flying down the staircase before landing, a lifeless mountain, at the front door.
Gasping and crying simultaneously, bordering on hyperventilation, Melissa moved immediately to her father’s side as Gabriel descended the staircase.
Her father’s body was in the hallway, in the alcove where he’d initially been when he’d warned her to get into her room. His eyes were closed and a thin rivulet of blood ran from a gash in the side of his head. Although she always viewed her father as strong and capable, indestructible, Melissa now saw him as the mortal man he was. 
She called his name and lightly tapped his cheek.
“Come on, Dad!” she pleaded. But he remained unresponsive. She pressed her fingertips to his neck searching for a sign of life. A strong pulsation radiated from his carotid artery. 
Relieved, Melissa hugged her father and cried. 

***

At the bottom of the steps, Gabriel stepped cautiously around Eugene. When confident that Eugene would not strike, Gabriel used his middle and index fingers and depressed a point midway down the length of Eugene’s neck. 
In the hollow between Eugene’s windpipe and the thick, ropey muscles of his neck, Gabriel examined him for a pulse. None was detected.
Eugene’s corpse presented a problem for Gabriel. Eugene’s distinctive facial characteristics and exceptional size, together with the circumstances surrounding his death, would raise questions. 
Gabriel needed to leave.
He ascended the staircase and joined Melissa at her father’s side. Christopher Martin stirred. Melissa sat upright.
“Dad, are you with us?” she asked and put her face in front of his.
“Oh! Missy, what the hell happened to me? I was out for a while,” Christopher murmured, his voice thick, his eyes darting and disoriented. “That thing,” he continued “that was some kind of monster. No man is that big and those eyes,” he rambled.
“Shh, don’t speak Dad. Save your strength. I’m calling an ambulance,” Melissa said as she pulled her cellular phone from her pocket. 
The screen illuminated at her touch. After selecting the corresponding prompt, a keypad appeared. Melissa depressed the numbers 9-1-1 and gave the relevant information to the operator. An ambulance was sent.
Gabriel turned to Melissa. “You understand that I need to leave now,” he said earnestly. “This is what we wanted to avoid. I have no choice. Questions will be asked, questions that will lead to Dr. Terzini, to me.”
Wiping the tears that streamed anew, Melissa nodded her head in understanding. 
“I understand, Gabriel. Will I ever see you again?”
“I’ll call you later, after I speak with Terzini,” he managed, his voice quavering with emotion. Gabriel took Melissa’s hand in his and whispered, “I love you.”
“I love you, too,” Melissa breathed.
Gabriel descended the staircase again and, stepping over Eugene’s colossal corpse, left her home. 
He climbed into the driver’s side of Kevin Anderson’s black Infiniti and turned the key in the ignition. Gabriel’s Ford Explorer was still at Harbingers High School. 
As he rounded the corner of Blackstone Drive and began traveling on Top Hill Road, the sound of wailing sirens drew near.
The siren howled like an injured animal, warning of the approaching emergency vehicle. It marked a painful comprehension of what was to happen. 
Gabriel knew that there was only one way to insure Melissa’s safety. He needed to kill Dr. Franklin Terzini.
Chapter 37

Gabriel obeyed each speed limitation imposed and was mindful to stop at every yellow light to not draw unwanted attention to the fact that he was driving a dead man’s car. 
He drove with vigilance and caution until he reached the private gravel-filled road that doubled as his driveway. 
He did not bother entering the house. Instead, he strode directly to the unremarkable patch of sod that covered the portal to Dr. Franklin Terzini’s underground research laboratory. 
Using the keys that remained in his pocket from days earlier, Gabriel disengaged the locking mechanism. With a soft whoosh, the door opened.
He moved down the concrete staircase, stepping down slowly on each tread. The corridor was already illuminated indicating that Terzini worked, waiting for confirmation from Eugene that Melissa and Gabriel were dead.
To the right resided an alcove with a fold-down cot, a chest of drawers and a nightstand. The sparsely furnished niche was Terzini’s living quarters when he slept. Atop the chest of drawers sat an instrument resembling a thin, black notebook. The apparatus was not a notebook, however. It was Dr. Franklin Terzini’s personal computer, a device that contained hours of filmed research and development and journals of the results of hours of experimentation. 
Gabriel took Dr. Terzini’s computer before continuing, a single purpose propelling him.
Stalking down the center of the formidable facility, Gabriel spotted a small figure perched on a steel swivel-top stool. He was hunched over a stainless-steel table looking into an electron microscope. 
Dr. Franklin Terzini peered through the dual lenses, unaware of his visitor.
Gabriel approached his maker. He reached his hands out behind the collar of Terzini’s crisp, white dress shirt. In one swift motion, his hands would clutch his maker’s neck, squeeze and collapse his windpipe. Terzini’s death would guarantee Melissa’s safety. 
Gabriel wrestled with the idea of murdering his creator. Aggression against Terzini was a breach in protocol. Killing him would be an epic violation. Gabriel doubted he could do it. 
His hands began to tremble. His breathing became shallow. Beads of sweat dappled his forehead. His anxiety-riddled body would not comply with what his mind instructed it, urged it to do.
He spun Terzini in his chair to face him. Shock marked the geneticist’s features.
“Surprised to see me?” Gabriel asked through clenched teeth.
“Gabriel! I don’t know what to say,” Terzini began in a shrill voice.
“Then don’t bother saying anything,” Gabriel interrupted, “I will do all the talking.”
“Eugene is dead,” Gabriel continued evenly. “I killed him. But not before he murdered three teenage boys. Their bodies and my SUV are in the woods behind the high school where the killings took place.”
Gabriel paused, gauging his maker’s response. Terzini’s face was blank, unreadable.
“Eugene went to Melissa’s house, tried to kill her father. I stopped him. His body is in her foyer. An ambulance is heading there now. A police cruiser will not be far behind. You know what all of this means, don’t you?”
Terzini bobbed is head in affirmation.
“Investigations, autopsies, everything will eventually point to us. We will have to leave.”
Terzini opened his mouth to speak. Gabriel raised a hand, warned him against doing so.
“You will not destroy me. And you will not harm Melissa,” Gabriel commanded. “Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes,” Terzini muttered feebly.
“If you so much as imply that she will be contacted by you or any of your creations, I will go straight to the FBI and tell them everything. They will lock you up and destroy all that you’ve achieved. You will be powerless to stop them. You will sit idly by and rot in prison while untrained strangers rub the Earth clean of your existence.”
Then, Gabriel leaned in closely and whispered, “I have your laptop. It has hours of footage of everything you’ve been doing down here. That will be my insurance policy.”
Dr. Franklin Terzini assumed a more sickly pallor than usual. He swallowed hard, but did not speak.
Gabriel offered his final condition. 
“You will leave, tonight. And never return to this continent. I will monitor you from wherever I go. If I get the slightest inkling that you are planning anything that involves Melissa, you will suffer.”
His maker nodded and indicated he understood Gabriel’s demands.
Gabriel turned and walked, with Terzini’s personal laptop computer tucked under his arm, the length of the clandestine facility to the concrete staircase that rose to the grass above. He fastened and secured the steel door before replacing the patch of grass on top of it.
After crossing the property, he entered the Gothic Victorian for the last time to pack a few items for his journey and to retrieve a large sum of money.
He would wait until sundown to handle the last phase of securing Melissa’s safety.
Chapter 38

Gabriel James waited until nightfall before going to Melissa Martin’s home on Blackstone Drive.
Turning off the headlamps of the nondescript tan Toyota he drove, he left the vehicle at the bottom of her hill and went on foot to her driveway. 
He looked up into the blackened universe.  The sky was clear save for vivid balls of yellow and blue ornamenting it, creating impressive, eddying shapes. To most, the glow would have been awe-inspiring, exquisite. But to Gabriel, the clarity of the evening and all its beauty was obstructed. He lowered his gaze to his feet and the pavement they walked on, concentrating on the rhythmic sound they created as each foot alternated, one in front of the next, until he reached the edge of the Martin’s property. 
He stepped across hardened, icy grass and approached the tenacious oak that stood sentinel beside the garage. Its bark, furrowed and scarred with wounds of battles past, was beautiful in its imperfection. Standing beneath the boughs of the majestic oak, Gabriel marveled at the sheer dimensions of the tree, at its many paradoxes. 
He placed a foot tentatively on its rough outer covering as he reached up and grabbed a branch. He began climbing pausing briefly to admire how each branch, though pliable in form and function, refused to relinquish its interlocking grip. 
Gabriel gazed up into the network of branches that reached and stretched, expanding to the heavens.
But his destination was not heavenward. He was going to Melissa’s bedroom window to say good-bye, a descent into a personal hell.
Reaching the top of the garage, Gabriel scrambled over frost-coated shingles and saw Melissa’s delicate features framed in the windowpane. 
Throwing open the pane, Melissa smiled and gestured for Gabriel to enter.
“Hurry, you must be freezing,” she urged. 
“I’m fine,” Gabriel offered. 
He knew Melissa immediately sensed falsehood in his demeanor; his lips smiled, but his melancholy eyes betrayed them. 
“What happened with the police?” he asked.
“My dad and I gave our statements. I mean, I didn’t mention Terzini or anything. I just told them that we were in the woods talking out by the maintenance building, you know with Kevin and his friends, when this enormous lunatic came out of nowhere and attacked. I said he must’ve followed us home, here, because we were witnesses. They seemed to buy it.  My dad and I said we thought he was drugged out or something because the attack was unprovoked.” Melissa paused then added, “They’re looking for you, to take your statement.”
“What’s really weird though,” Melissa continued, “is that we gave our statements, like, four hours ago and we haven’t heard anything since. I mean, is that normal? There was a dead body in our house, for heaven’s sake! You’d think there’d be some kind of follow up or something.”
Gabriel sat silently, his heart aching. 
“What’s happening Gabriel?” Melissa asked alarmed.  
Gabriel was reluctant to answer right away. He gazed into Melissa’s pellucid green eyes as he measured his response.
“I’m leaving tonight,” he said finally.
Melissa did not ask why. He could not answer her if she had. His lips would not form the words. His throat constricted so tightly it threatened strangulation. Heaviness settled in his chest.
Wiping tears with the back of her hand, she asked, “Will I ever see you again?”
“Yes,” Gabriel whispered, his throat burning, struggling to articulate each sound. “You will.”
“What about Terzini?” Melissa asked. “He wants me dead.”
Gabriel’s thoughts immediately refocused to the reason for his departure. The raw, squeezing feeling dissipated briefly and allowed easier communication. “You won’t need to worry about him. I have dealt with him,” Gabriel offered cryptically.
“Dealt with him? How?” Melissa worried.
“Put it like this, I have an insurance policy of sorts. I have very incriminating audiovisual feed that, if placed into the correct government branch of law enforcement, could end Dr. Franklin Terzini. He would never risk offering up his life’s work for you.”
“Why wouldn’t you just give it to the authorities now, turn him in? Then you could stay, with me,”  
“Who knows what else Terzini has sent out into the world? I simply will not risk your life, again.” 
“I’ll go with you, then.”
“And what about your father, you would leave him here alone?”
Melissa shook her head in frustration. 
“If we could tell him, explain to him what’s going on I could come with you. I could call him and check in from wherever we go.”
“Melissa, you know we can’t tell your father about me,” Gabriel reasoned gently. “And while I’ll be able to contact you, I will not be able to disclose my exact location.”
“Gabriel, I don’t understand. How I will ever see you again?” 
“I love you. I will find a way,” Gabriel promised his eyes stinging with emotion.
“Please don’t leave,” Melissa begged.
“I have to leave, at least until things die down here. I am connected to murders, murders of people who could easily be considered enemies of mine. It won’t be long before others students at school are questioned and my name comes up over and over again with Kevin and his friends.”
“But you didn’t kill them!” Melissa protested, tears streaming anew.
“Shh. Please don’t cry, Melissa,” Gabriel soothed, lightly touching his fingers to her soft lips. “You know that having me stay would be impossible. But I promise you, we will be together again.”
Gabriel climbed through Melissa’s window into her bedroom and took her in his arms. He pressed his lips to hers, tenderly at first, then, with urgency.
His heart throbbed and smarted.   Their kiss was brief and bittersweet.
Gabriel held Melissa tightly, pulled her as closely as his arms allowed. He inhaled deeply, breathing the warm vanilla, caramel and coconut scent of her hair and skin.
Finally, with tears burning down his cheeks, Gabriel released Melissa from his grip.
“I’ll call you in a few days, when I get where I’m going,” he said. “I love you Melissa Martin.”
“I love you too, Gabriel,” Melissa managed through sobs.
Gabriel climbed out of Melissa’s bedroom window and slid on his backside down the length of the frost-coated roof of the garage. He then found an abiding limb outstretched to him and grabbed it. He descended the intricately dovetailed branches of the oak that shielded a large section of the house before landing atop the frost-crusted grass below. 
An unremarkable beige Toyota awaited his arrival at the bottom of the hill.
He walked, unable to feel the earth below his feet. All he felt was pain.
A hole had been punched in his heart. A vacuous space, raw and ragged, ached. Each breath that he took hurt more than the last.
The crisp autumn air offered no reprieve. It did nothing to ease the burning pain that etched at him. 
Though the notion offered little hope, he knew that someday he would be whole again. He did not know how. He did not know when. Everything, save for the agony he felt, seemed unclear, uncertain.
As he strode down Blackstone Drive, Gabriel was certain of one thing and one thing only: as long as his heart beat in his chest, he would return to Melissa. 

DARK CREATIONS: RESURRECTION
Part 3

A novel
By Jennifer & Christopher Martucci
This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are a product of the authors’ imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
DARK CREATIONS: RESURRECTION
Published by Jennifer and Christopher Martucci 
Copyright © 2012 Jennifer and Christopher Martucci
All rights reserved.
First edition: March 2012


“It is not more surprising to be born twice than once; everything in nature is resurrection.” 
― Voltaire


“Being deeply loved by someone 
gives you strength;
while loving someone deeply
gives you courage.”
– Lao Tzu
Chapter 1

Robert Hernandez struggled to fathom the bizarre appearance of the man in the rear compartment of his ambulance.  He had been a paramedic for more than five years and had been tested on more occasions than he cared to admit.  He had witnessed his share of gruesome accidents caused by individuals who chose to mix drugs and alcohol with driving, dealt with uncooperative overdose victims who resisted his treatment in lieu of death, and even had a naked man attempt to hijack his vehicle.  The instances he’d experienced, though shocking, had not disturbed him the way the man on the gurney did now.  
He did not consider himself to be a jaded man.  He did, however, view himself as seasoned to circumstances that would make most others faint.  It was seldom that someone in his rig unsettled him as intensely as the one currently on board did.  Generally, calls involving injured children shook him, as did circumstances concerning the mistreatment of the elderly.  Beyond children and senior citizens, little else affected him.  He had been told by several of his medical school professors that his ability to compartmentalize his feelings was a gift, a gift that would make him a fine doctor in the near future.  That is, if medical school and ambulance calls did not kill him first.  
He was good at keeping his work and feelings separate, both in school and on the job.  But still, he felt an aversion to the person he now transported, a distrust of him.  He could not explain it, could not explain why he felt so uneasy.  It was a mystery to him.  After all, his patient was half dead.  Yet, even in his condition, eyes closed and seemingly lifeless, the man seemed sinister.  He was enormous and dangerous looking.  There was nothing new about that, though.  Big, creepy people had been in his rig before.  This was different.  There was more to it, something else; something instinctive.
Whatever it was, he needed to push his inexplicable feelings aside and do his job.  He needed to transport the man to the hospital.
“How’s he doing, Joe?” Robert asked his partner, fellow paramedic Joseph McCauley.
“I don’t know, man.  His pulse is thready; I can barely feel it.  He’s lost so much blood with these holes blasted in his shoulder and chest.  I’ll be surprised if he makes it to the ER,” Joe stated as he depressed his middle and index finger along the point of the carotid artery on his man’s neck.
Holes.  The word struck a chord within Robert, primarily because the word “hole” did not adequately describe the bloodied chasms that littered the man’s body.  Notwithstanding the wounds, he still breathed and maintained a pulse much to their astonishment.  He and Joe, both trained professionals, had had difficulty detecting the slight throb that signified life in the man.  The faint beat, along with weak breathing, denoted life.  The man not only breathed, but surprisingly managed to be an intimidating presence as well, though logically incapacitated beyond intimidation.
While Robert contemplated the frightening nature of the man in the back of his ambulance, he had been depressing the accelerator with his right foot unconsciously.  The road conditions were treacherous and he drove just slightly faster than the speed limit indicated, carefully navigating the rain-slickened streets of Harbingers Falls.  He realized his marginally hastened speed and the unnecessary risk it posed and immediately compensated by slowing down as he approached an intersection.
“We gotta move things along, man,” Joe called from the rear.   “This guy’s circling the drain.”
Circling the drain was Joe’s shorthand for dying, fast.  
As Robert moved toward the intersection, the traffic light facing him turned red.  Slowing to a near halt, he immediately checked the flow of traffic in all directions.  Every vehicle was stopped in response to the wailing of his ambulance siren and its accompanying flashing lights.  For good measure, he sounded his horn, which issued less of a blare and more of an electronic buzz, to warn any vehicles who dared entertain the notion of proceeding along on their route and getting in his way.  
Once he safely passed the intersection, Robert called back to his partner.
“Hey Joe, how’s he doing?” he asked.
“Not good, man.  Not good at all,” Joe replied solemnly as his hands worked frantically over the colossal man.  
Found at the Martin residence and assumed an alleged attacker, their patient had sustained multiple gunshot wounds.  Robert and Joe were not informed of the giant’s name.  According to Melissa Martin, a very frightened teenage girl, she and her friends had met in the woods behind Harbingers High School and had been ambushed and chased by the gargantuan man.  He had apparently intruded in the Martin home shortly thereafter and had threatened her and her father.  He was ultimately met by Melissa’s shotgun-wielding father.
The nameless man’s behavior and the details surrounding it were for the police to investigate and determine.  Keeping the anonymous hulk alive until they made it to the hospital was Robert’s job.  
He was curious to see and hear the reactions to the man’s appearance from the emergency room staff.  After all, the man on the gurney looked unlike any human being he had ever laid eyes on.  He wondered whether he would be alone in his bewilderment of how the man came to look as he did.  The unidentified titan’s face and stature were dissimilar to any he had ever seen before.  Robert estimated he stood nearly seven feet tall and weighed more than three hundred pounds.  Both he and Joe were fit and strong, but had struggled to load the massive man into the rear of the rig.  
The man’s enormous body was also enshrined with thick ropey muscle tissue.  So dense were the fibers that Joe, who had ten more years than Robert as a paramedic and also served his country as part of a medic unit dispatched overseas to aid in a Middle Eastern conflict, had struggled to run an intravenous line.  Penetrating what seemed to be foreign matter beneath the man’s skin had proved to be nearly impossible.  Robert imagined that the staff at Harbinger’s General Hospital would have an array of questions regarding the gargantuan man’s physical composition.  He would love to hear the answers to all of those questions, but for now, he was charged with his patient’s safe arrival.
Robert proceeded along Hoyt road, a residential street.  He would follow it to the next intersection and turn onto Route 53, a road that would lead him directly to Harbinger’s General.
Rain, which had been mixing all night alternating between sleet and wet snow then back to rain again, had picked up in intensity.  Large droplets pelted the ambulance issuing a fitful drumming against it.  The windshield wipers delivered a rhythmic accompaniment to the cacophonous pounding of the rain.  The beating of the rain and thumping of the windshield wipers in conjunction with the howling of his ambulance siren became a maddening musical arrangement, an insane symphony.  Normally, such noises were mildly annoying but easily tuned out by Robert.  However, something more than the loud, disjointed noises unsettled him, something far more profound.  His mind kept drifting back to his patient.
Approaching the juncture where Hoyt Road led to Route 53, he saw that no cars were present.  Though it was not a heavily frequented crossroad, he depressed the horn and issued the electronic buzz once again both before and while he proceeded across the interconnected streets.  As he traversed the connected roads, a black van appeared out of nowhere.
He could not see a driver.  He did not have time.  The black van rushed toward him, seemingly unable to stop.  Blurred by wind-driven rain and not appearing to break, the black van deviated slightly askew, as if avoiding a direct impact.  Robert had nowhere to go.  He stomped on the brake pedal.  Decelerating too quickly, the ambulance went into a full skid.  
Frantically, Robert tried to direct the rig.  If he turned left, he would crash his ambulance squarely into the black van.  Continuing straight would place a telephone pole directly in his path.
With no time to react, Robert veered right, hard.  The black van veered right as well, forcing its bumper to roughly graze the port side of the ambulance.  Metal shrieked, offended by the abrupt encounter, sending angry sparks thrashing and flaying about briefly in the descending rain.
The impact of the black van colliding into his ambulance sent Robert careening farther to the right.  
“What the hell!”  Joe shouted from the rear.  
“We’ve been hit!”  Robert yelled back as he tried to regain control of the ambulance.
But it was too late.  Landscape rushed at him faster than his mind could comprehend.  The needled boughs of an immense pine tree loomed just a few hundred feet ahead.  
Without a second to spare, he jerked the steering wheel of his ambulance to the left, barely avoiding a head-on collision into the trunk of the pine.  Instead, the passenger side bumper met with the trunk and exploded against it.  Wood splintered as the tree sagged and drooped, dangerously canopying the ambulance.
Beneath its bowed trunk and the covering of innumerable green spines and barbs, the front half of the ambulance was buried.  He found himself pinned beneath a mangled mess of metal.  His right leg, in particular, was trapped below the collapsed and crumpled dashboard.
Dazed and dizzied, he touched his fingertips lightly against his forehead and immediately inspected them.  Wet and bright red, his hand revealed a bleeding wound in the vicinity of his hairline.  He had been slammed headlong into the steering wheel.  His head had also ricocheted off of the safety glass of the driver’s side window.  Had he not employed his seatbelt, he would have certainly gone straight through the windshield.
Pain radiated from his pinioned right leg.  But he was too thankful to be alive to focus on the pain.  Immense gratitude for his life was abruptly interrupted however, as something in his peripheral vision caught his attention.
He turned his head, slowly, to the left to look out the driver’s side window of his ambulance.  To his surprise, the black van that had sideswiped him drawing the accident had pulled off the road parallel to his rig but just slightly farther down the road.  More curiously, there was activity at the rear of the instigating vehicle.  He lowered the window to get a clearer view.
Not taking his eyes off the mysterious and perplexing van, he called to his partner Joe.
“Joe! You all right back there?”
Robert waited for an answer.
“Hey Joe, this is not the time to mess around!  Something’s going on here.  I’m not sure what,” Robert mumbled more to himself.   “Hey, you okay?”
When Joe did not respond, Robert attempted to turn in his seat but was immediately met with a blistering ache that smarted and throbbed, white hot and intense.  He was forced to train his gaze on the rear-view mirror.  When he did, he saw that his partner was slumped over their patient, motionless.  
“Joe!” Robert called out, emotion cracking his voice.
With his leg wedged beneath the battered control panel of the ambulance, Robert was incapable of helping his partner, his friend.  Helplessness was an alien feeling to him.  His life had been shaped by helping others, his career precipitated as a result of his unique ability to act and react wisely and swiftly when others could not.
Despite his knowledge and training, he sat, unable to attend to Joe, or free himself, and in need of help.   Exasperated by his predicament, Robert gripped his head in his hands and gently squeezed his temples before raking his fingers through his thick, brown hair.  Movement around the black van distracted his frustration at once, however.  
The rear doors of the van swung open and out of the back, two figures emerged.  Though obscured by hammering, wind-driven rain, Robert was able to discern that the pair differed dramatically in size but were both decidedly male.  The smaller of the two was bespectacled and gave the impression of instructing the larger, gesturing animatedly with his hands as his lips moved.  The smaller man’s face was hardened, serious.  The larger man moved immediately, as if on command.  
Something about the nature of their interaction unnerved Robert though, and alarmed him.  An indescribable feeling of terror settled upon him.  He could not pinpoint exactly why.  He was reluctant to take his eyes off of the man with the glasses and his apparent subordinate.  
After several seconds of spirited signaling, the smaller man of the pair seemed to have impressed whatever point it was he sought to make.  The more imposing of the duo began looking at the ambulance, at Robert.
The larger man came toward him. Robert gasped as he realized it was hardly a man at all.  Advancing was a creature more bizarre looking than the one on the gurney behind him.  He nimbly moved toward Robert’s disabled vehicle.  Robert was surprised by how agile the being was considering its lack of discernible facial features.  
The closer it progressed, the more horrific the image became.  Nearly transparent skin did little to sheathe the expansive, vivid entanglement of veins and capillary networks that webbed its malformed head.  Lidless eyes shrouded in a thick, milky film darted from left to right, seemingly unfocused, searching.  A defined nose was absent from its facial construct but two asymmetrical holes appeared to serve the purpose of nasal openings.  Lips were also missing from the abomination, though a line gave the impression that a mouth may reside beyond it.   Robert pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes and rubbed vigorously.  The logical voice in his brain dictated that what he was witnessing was a concussive effect, a hallucination.  He had just been in a car accident.  His memory of it was clear.  He had hit his head more than once.  
With his eyes still pressed shut, he reasoned that the horrifying image progressing in his direction must be a product of a trauma to his brain.  
Slowly, he opened his eyes.  
The blasphemous image was gone.  Robert nearly laughed out loud, relieved.  But relief was a luxury he could not afford himself as two men remained in the rear of the vehicle, one with mortal injuries, and his partner whose injuries had not yet been assessed.  He breathed deeply to calm himself and formulate a plan of action.  He needed to release himself from the tethering of the safety harness in order to unpin his leg enough to reach for the radio transponder and call for help.  With the press of a button, another ambulance would be en route with the assistance of the police department and fire department.  He just needed to free himself.  
Suddenly, he saw that his partner’s Swiss Army Knife lay behind the passenger seat.  
He twisted his torso rearward.  Squirming and wriggling sent an intense flare of pain from his ankle that continued up his leg to his hip.  The slightest movement had a similar impact.  But the actions, no matter how excruciatingly painful, were necessary.  He needed to get the Swiss Army Knife.  
Deciding against prolonging the pain, he turned in one swift motion.  A wail of agony sounded from him, a voice that belonged to him but sounded foreign to his ears, as he finally succeeded in rotating to the rear section of the ambulance.  As he did so, he was met with a pair of cloudy black eyes.  
The monstrously deformed atrocity was in the back of his vehicle.  It appeared to be looking at him, though its filmy eyes refused to focus.  The line of its mouth turned up at each corner revealing small, pointed, bud-like teeth.  The creature’s expression became even more offensive, more hideous as it appeared to smile demonically at him.  Dizzied by what resembled a six-foot fetus leering at him, Robert felt an inherent need to scream, to flee.  But sound escaped his lips.  
His mind struggled to process what his eyes beheld, the impossible arrangement of virtually absent features.  With his heart knocking violently against his ribcage, Robert felt an innate fear the likes of which he had never felt before.  His survival, the most primitive aspect of his humanity, took precedence over all else in the presence of the faceless man.   
“No!”  Robert heard himself screaming over and over again.
Seemingly unperturbed by Robert’s cries, the ungodly fiend calmly turned from him and busied himself in the rear of the rig.
With impossibly webbed fingers, the beast dexterously detached every line from the colossal man in back.  Then, effortlessly, the faceless man tossed Joe to the floor of the patient compartment.  A sickly thud indicated that his partner had suffered grave injuries from the collision with the black van, and he was powerless to break his fall in any way.
The passenger side of the ambulance was puckered, the door a chaotic mess of contorted metal.  Safety glass littered the seats.  Robert frantically surveyed his every escape option.  They were limited at best for one whose leg was not pinned down by a mangled dashboard, nonexistent for one in his predicament.
Flooded with fright, he recognized that Death loomed on his doorstep quite literally.  A faceless Grim Reaper, devoid of his razor-sharp sickle, stood armed with a countenance created in hell and waited to claim him and drag him into the fiery depths from which he came.
As his pulse thundered in his ears, Robert guessed that if the ghastly fiend were able to cast his partner aside with ease, as if he were as weighted as a ragdoll, then the creature must possess superior strength, supernatural even.  His heart rate accelerated dangerously at his last thought.
His head began to spin as sheer panic muddled and confused any coherent thoughts from evolving within his brain.  Robert did not want to die at the hands of the faceless freak.  He needed to free himself, immediately.
Rain lashed against his face through his open window as a gust blew and volleyed fine, needle-like barbs of icy precipitation across the ambulance.  The imploded passenger-side window created a perfect cross-breeze for the sleet.  He felt its moisture but not the sting of its coldness.  Fear and shock dominated such sensations.  Survival instincts prevailed.
Without allowing the scream that desperately desired to be released from the depths of his being to escape, Robert struggled against the agonizing pain emanating from his trapped leg.  He wrestled and thrashed against the destroyed dashboard that imprisoned his limb.  An animalistic instinct urged him on, enabled him to ignore the unfathomable pain in his leg.
As Robert fought to free himself from the wrecked console, he felt compelled to keep his gaze trained on the miscreation in the back compartment.  He looked on with equal parts horror and astonishment at how adroit the webbed digits on each hand worked.  Expertly and rapidly, the featureless monster had detached and detangled the multitude of electrodes, tubes and probes that functioned to keep the near-dead leviathan on the gurney alive.  The faceless creature had unbuckled the man and was attempting to lift him.
Robert’s mouth hung ajar as he gaped in wonderment. Though he and his partner, Joe, struggled to place their patient on the gurney and in the ambulance, the faceless abomination hoisted him up with ease and draped him across his malformed shoulder.  His featureless face attempted a smile once again, this one more malevolent and hideous than the last, before turning and walking toward the black van.
The sight of the deformed being moving effortlessly across the street with the massive man slung diagonally across him, nearly dragging along the wet pavement, was illogical, bizarre.
The rational voice in his head argued against what he was seeing, what he had seen, that all of it had to be a nightmare, a delusion.  Logic dictated that monsters did not roam the earth and abscond with arbitrary people from ambulances.  Therefore, none of what had transpired could be true.  Such occurrences simply did not happen.  
Certain that his visions were mere fallacies of an injured brain once again, he felt a brief sense of giddiness despite watching the creature disappear into the rear of the black van across the street.  
He gripped his head in his hands and laughed aloud, a frantic, crazed sound.  He was overwrought, strained beyond acceptable parameters.  Yet oddly his stress was tinged with relief, his mind comforted by assurances that what he was seeing was an illusion.  But instinct balked at rationale.  
His respite ended abruptly when the creature reappeared.  And he was not alone.  The small man with the glasses accompanied him and gestured animatedly again.  Only this time, he pointed to the ambulance, he pointed to Robert.
The creature nodded and the small man climbed into the driver’s seat of the black van.  The abomination followed.
He saw the faceless man emerge from the concealment of the black van once again and advance.   In his misshapen hand, he held a bottle with a rag dangling from its opening.  The container held a liquid of some sort.  Robert squinted, strained his eyes to discern its contents.  
The featureless beast reached his other hand into his front pants pocket and retrieved a lighter.   He pushed a crude-looking thumb to the lighter then pulled it back, rolling a metal flint wheel.  A bright, yellow flame appeared.  
He watched in horror as the faceless atrocity placed the flame to the rag dangling from the fluid-filled bottle before hurling it toward his rig.   It spiraled through the air with laser-point precision, careened through his open window and shattered against the dashboard.
Robert released a sound from his body, a hoarse, primal scream of sorts before a bright light more radiant than a thousand suns, burst before his eyes.  The light consumed him, blinded him temporarily with its magnificence, before his body became enveloped in flames.  He experienced the purest of pain, unbearable, overwhelming pain, before the world fell silent and darkened forever.

Chapter 2

“One may have a blazing hearth in one’s soul, and yet no one ever comes to sit by it,” Melissa’s art teacher began.  “At least that’s what the famous artist Vincent van Gogh was quoted as saying.”
Mr. Clancy, Melissa’s advanced placement art instructor was known for his dynamic lectures infused with passion and enthusiasm.  His lessons were often laced with pithy quotations from artists, authors, politicians and religious leaders that were inspirational, motivating.  Melissa did not find his current choice to be consistent with his usual selection.
Tall, dark and handsome and in his mid-thirties, Mr. Clancy was the object of just about all of his mostly female class’s affection.  But his appearance had little to do with Melissa’s decision to switch to his section during the start of the January semester.  She chose his class because he challenged his students, demanded nothing short of excellence from each student.  
Mr. Clancy’s class, complete with lengthy assignments, projects and field trips was a brilliant distraction from the profound unhappiness she had felt during the months leading up to the switch.
“As you can see when examining van Gogh’s pieces like Starry Night Over the Rhone and Wheatfield with Crows, loneliness is evident.  In Wheatfields, the sky appears angry; the landscape is vast and sad.  The overall tone of the piece is one of extreme desolation, of solitude,” Mr.  Clancy continued.
Typically, Melissa enjoyed her teacher’s interpretations of various pieces.  His current lecture was touching upon a very exposed nerve, however, and beginning to upset her.  
“In Starry Night Over the Rhone, we see distant, almost intangible heavens as the backdrop of the piece.  Two lovers walk along clutching each other as lights in the distance are reflected off the water.  To me, it is a haunting image, very melancholy, very forlorn,” he persisted.
Melissa felt immobilized by a kindred sense of understanding of the late Mr. Vincent van Gogh.  His work echoed her sentiments: sadness, loneliness, despair.  But her distant, intangible heavens were unlike his; they were neither stars nor the anticipation of a realm of paradise beyond Earth.  It was Gabriel.
Gabriel James was the distant, intangible light she longed for.  They had not been together long and many had considered her incessant pining ridiculous, unnecessary.  But she could not change her feelings; she would if it were in her power to do so.  She had fallen for him, hard and fast.  And he seemed to share her feelings.   He had been willing to die for her, had risked his life for her safety.  She had always thought that love and devotion such as the kind he exampled was much like the Loch Ness monster in that everyone had heard of it, but no one had actually encountered it.  Her feelings for him had developed just as unexpectedly as his arrival to Harbingers Falls.
Though sudden and confusing at times, their mutual affection was love; she was certain of it.  Their love was rare, the subject of romantic films and novels.  The fact that he was the product of altered genetic material by the deranged geneticist Dr. Franklin Terzini was an issue she had struggled with initially but overcame quickly.  After all, he was not what he was created to be: an emotionless experiment sent to transform humanity.  His physical perfection was as much a success on his creator’s part as it was an attribute she enjoyed.  Thankfully, he was much more than his exquisite appearance.  Emotions had evolved in him, emotions he claimed she was responsible for awakening, and kindness transcended his looks.  Each of his unique and magnificent qualities made accepting his absence that much harder.  Their love story, the likes of which authors penned about and Hollywood producers sought scripts for, ended far too soon.  Parting with Gabriel had felt more like a horror film.
Far away in an unknown corner of the planet, Gabriel sequestered himself just before Thanksgiving.  Melissa had been left to either answer, or deflect innumerable questions surrounding his abrupt departure.  But the countless inquiries had proved far easier to cope with by comparison.  Her broken heart posed a greater challenge.
For weeks following Gabriel’s parting, Melissa had had no communication with him.  The silence had been agonizing, unbearable.  It brought about a rebuttal to the many philosophical quotations concerning silence Melissa had read about and subscribed to throughout her high school years, the beauty of it; the necessity of it.  She found no solace in silence.  It did not nourish her or refresh her.  The beauty of nature was not revealed in silence.  To the contrary, silence revealed the austerity of the world around her.  The winter air felt colder.  Barren trees had pierced navy skies with sharp and blackened branches more markedly.  She had felt stripped; drained and depleted.  
Winter had been a dark and dreary time for Melissa.  Gabriel had gone.  Her life felt empty, meaningless.  She disappeared deeper into the obscurity of high school, vanished.  When Gabriel finally did contact her and they began correspondence, it was at irregular intervals, unpredictable, unreliable.  She alternated between feeling profoundly saddened by his absence and profoundly angered by it.  She willed herself to stop caring, but could not; her heart failed to cooperate.
Like a great funeral shroud, sadness eclipsed Melissa’s life, enveloped her in darkness.  Conversations with Gabriel were few and kept her hanging on, kept her from moving on.     
Her father had been instrumental in preventing her from slipping into a deep, depressive state, from being completely encompassed by gloom.  He did not shy away from her grieving as other fathers might have.  True to his personality, he tackled his daughter’s first heartbreak head-on.  She never would have expected him to be so honest and open with her regarding matters of the heart.  
Melissa’s mind swirled around the painful memory of the days and weeks after Gabriel left.  She succumbed to the familiar pain only briefly before a voice distracted her from her brooding.
 “Hello!  Earth to Melissa!” Alexandra exclaimed from her seat beside her.
 “What?” Melissa replied testily.
“Mr. Hotness just gave us our project and you haven’t moved.  Did you even hear him?”
“Yes,” Melissa lied.
“Yeah right! I know when you’re lying,” Alexandra accused.  “I know it’s hard to concentrate.  This guy is so hot I can barely focus on what he’s saying.  I wish he’d just shut up and take his shirt off.  Right?”
Melissa did not respond.  
“You do have eyes don’t you, Melissa?”
“Yes, of course.”
“You do realize we have, like, the hottest teacher on the planet, right?”
“He’s okay I guess.”
“Just okay? Are you kidding me?” Alexandra asked incredulously.  “The guy is off-the-charts gorgeous!”
“Whatever, Alex.  If you say so.”
“Are you ever going to join the living.  I mean my God, it’s been like five months.  When are you going to just get over Gabriel,” Alexandra asked.
“I don’t know,” Melissa answered honestly.  “Maybe never.” 
“Well, you’d better get your shit together.  Spring break is coming up and I don’t want to spend it with some sorry-ass girl all moping over a guy.”
“Don’t worry, Alex.  I’ll be fine,” Melissa asserted.
Though Melissa told her friend she would be fine in a matter of days, she knew it was a lie.  She could not be certain she would be fine in weeks, months, maybe even years.  She would not be fine until Gabriel returned.
For five months, Gabriel James had been communicating with her sporadically, sending her cryptic text messages and e-mails.  They had spoken on the phone only a handful of times, but hearing his voice managed to buoy her spirits enough to get her through the seemingly interminable weeks of non-correspondence she was beginning to resent.  The rational part of her brain understood that Gabriel’s absence was warranted, necessary even, but her heart begged to differ.
Though she took comfort in knowing that he was safe, she was not comforted in the least being kept in the dark regarding his whereabouts.  She did not have the slightest clue of his location.  All of the unanswered questions festered at times, gave way to doubt.  Once a seed of doubt had been planted in her mind, invariably, a field of insecurity would grow.  
The insecurity overwhelmed her at times.  It had been far worse in the beginning, during the first days after Gabriel left.  Shortened days were spent at school where the entire student body wondered where three of their four most beloved athletes had gone.  Melissa had shared what she’d seen in the woods; that she believed they were dead.  But their bodies were never found and doubt abounded.  Furthermore, the doubt of her classmates was confounded because Eric Sala, the only other person present in the woods that remained in Harbingers Falls currently, had not corroborated her account.  His presence, along with his silence, was a source of confusion for Melissa.  She wondered if his reticence was out of fear, fear that his attack on her, though thwarted by Gabriel hurling an aluminum baseball bat at him as he was about to strike her, would result in charges brought against him.  Regardless, everyone maintained his or her own opinions and speculated about various potential scenarios regarding what happened to Kevin, Chis and John.   They did not know the truth.   But Melissa did.
Melissa knew they had been murdered in the woods behind Harbingers High School, that Eugene, Dr.  Franklin Terzini’s earliest and most lethal creation, was responsible for their deaths.  Her knowledge was an unimaginable burden more weighted than any she could fathom.  As classmates guessed about the circumstances surrounding the trio’s disappearance, their whereabouts and fate, Melissa silently agonized over the information she possessed.  She knew the full story, had heard their tortured screams as they suffered at Eugene’s hands.
Their screams still echoed in her memory, kept her awake some nights.  Her friends did not know the full extent of what had happened in the woods five months earlier.  She had told them as much as she could; shared with them more than she had shared with the rest of her classmates and the police, but withheld details that were too haunting to speak of, to relive.  Daniella and Alexandra did not know what life was like for her, how she not only bore the burden of Gabriel’s absence, but the unspeakable truths and the memories that accompanied those truths served to trouble her in multiple ways as well.  She could not bring herself to tell them everything; they worried so much already. Her friends loved her and wanted her to be happy again.
“Enough is enough, Melissa,” Alexandra said and returned her thoughts to their conversation.  “You have to accept that he might not be coming back.” 
Her words stung.  Melissa had no retort.  She did not know for sure whether Gabriel would ever return.  All she had was a promise he made to her five months earlier before he climbed out of her window to the roof of the garage and disappeared into the night.  
Melissa looked to Alexandra and shrugged in defeat and struggled to steady her voice.  “You’re right,” she replied.  “What can I say? You’re right.”
“Shit! Please don’t cry.  I didn’t mean to make you cry,” Alexandra panicked.  “I’m just sick of seeing you so sad all the time.  You’re better than you were, don’t get me wrong, but not right by a longshot.”
“Girls, I believe you were given an assignment,” Mr. Clancy reminded them.
Alexandra and Melissa immediately busied themselves rummaging through their supplies.  Alexandra bent down and pretended to look through her backpack for a phantom article.
As she bowed forward, she whispered to Melissa, “I can think of an assignment I’d like him to give me” and then winked and smiled mischievously.
Melissa began to laugh softly at first, then more heartily.  Suddenly, she could not control herself.  She laughed hysterically until tears spilled from her eyes.
“Is something funny, Miss Martin?” Mr. Clancy asked.
Melissa could not answer.  She could not catch her breath.  She had not laughed in what felt like an eternity.
Classmates turned in their seats to gawk at her but she did not care.  The laughter felt too good.
“Perhaps you need to excuse yourself, Miss Martin,” Mr.  Clancy concluded in frustration.
Melissa sucked her cheeks in and tried to compose herself.  She tipped her chin up in defiance of the fit of giggles that threatened once again.
“I’m fine.  Really,” Melissa managed then turned to look at Alexandra who stared at her wide-eyed.
She closed her eyes and shook her head slowly before focusing on her assignment.
Once adequately collected and confident a recurrence of laughter was at bay, she worked diligently and continued until the electronic pealing of a bell signified the end of her advanced placement art class.  
As she gathered her belongings, Alexandra spoke.
“Geez, I know I’m funny but what the hell?” she asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe I had some kind of breakdown or something,” Melissa speculated.
“Maybe,” Alexandra agreed.
“I just couldn’t stop laughing.  I don’t know why.”
“Well whatever the reason, it was good to hear you laugh again, that’s for sure.  I was beginning to forget what it sounded like,” Alexandra quipped.  “By the way, you snort a little when you laugh.”
“Thanks, Alex,” Melissa said and rolled her eyes.
“I’m just saying, it’s not attractive to make pig sounds when you laugh,” Alexandra joked.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Melissa responded with exaggerated enthusiasm.
Alexandra laughed.
“Seriously, though.  It was good to hear you laugh,” she said earnestly.
“Even if I snort?”  Melissa smiled.
“Come on! Don’t be an idiot.  I’m being serious here.”
“I know, I know.  I just don’t want to get into a heavy conversation, that’s all.”
“No complaints here! I would much rather talk about Mr. Clancy’s ass.”
“Oh brother!  I gotta go, Alex,” Melissa said.
“All right, we’ll pick up this conversation later, you can bet on that.”
“Oh, I’m sure we will,” Melissa said and offered a tortured smile.
“See you later.”
“You bet!”
Melissa strode away from Alexandra and headed toward her third period English class.  Mr. Adams implemented the exact opposite teaching style of Mr. Clancy.  The boring nature of his lectures was a guarantee that her mind would begin to wander.  And when her mind strayed, it invariably found its way to thoughts of Gabriel.  
Of late, her thoughts flirted with “what ifs.”  She wondered what her life would have been like had she never met Gabriel.  What if she met him but never allowed him to get close to her?  What if he chose to stay rather than leave?  The last “what if” was the most painful to pose; it was the only one that had ever been an option.  
No matter how many times she entertained such notions, she always chastised herself immediately after.  Gabriel was everything to her.  He had his reasons for leaving, even if the most selfish part of her refused to comprehend them.
Regardless of whether every part of her understood his absence, the fact still remained that she was in Harbingers Falls and Gabriel was elsewhere on the planet in a secret location.   Melissa knew the time had come for her to make a concerted effort to stop thinking about him and accept that which she could not change, that which she had no control over.  She needed to move on.  She hoped he would return.  But with each day, week and month that passed a return seemed less likely.  
Acceptance struck her like a blow, winded her briefly, before Melissa clutched her books tightly to her chest and moved resolutely to her English class.  

Chapter 3

A staff landed, hard, against Gabriel’s temple and interrupted his tormented thoughts.  The blow sent him tumbling to the ground.  He immediately scrambled to his feet, refocused and intended to answer the hit with a counterattack.
“Ha! I got you!” Yoshi celebrated.  “And landed you on your, well, ass, as they say in America.”
His training partner, Yoshi, was a dexterous and skilled fighter.  Though small in stature, Yoshi was renowned in his village as one of its elite martial artists.  Their numbers were few, but Yoshi was counted among them.   He had earned the respect of his peers.  Gabriel had learned a lot from his diminutive instructor.
“Don’t get too excited.  My ass never touched the ground.  Yours, however, will be dropped in about two seconds!” Gabriel warned.
“Talk, talk, talk!” Yoshi taunted as he lunged forward with his weapon.  “Why don’t you shut up and focus?”
“What makes you think I wasn’t focused?” Gabriel replied as he sidestepped the jab.
“Lately, the only time I can drop you is when you’re distracted,” Yoshi conceded verbally but continued his onslaught.
“So you admit I’m the better fighter!”
“Yeah right! You wish!”
“I don’t know.  That’s some tough talk for the number-three man in the county.”
Incensed, Yoshi attacked wielding his weapon ferociously, unrelentingly.   Gabriel was impressed as always.   Their armaments clashed again and again, neither man willing to surrender to fatigue after hours of training in frosty conditions.   Yoshi, accustomed to the volatility of the climate, was expertly trained in the ancient art of Kalarippayattu and wielded an otta, a curved, wooden stick, lethally if need be.  Gabriel knew that his friend exercised restraint when they sparred, that if he so chose, their match could turn deadly.   Save for his instructors, Yoshi had never been bested in a sparring match; until Gabriel arrived.
Five months earlier, Gabriel had arrived in Motuo County, a small community in the Tibetan Autonomous Region.  After researching the area, he found that it was one of the few places in Asia still untouched by the modern world, that Motuo was one of the remotest areas on the planet and therefore perfectly suited for the purpose of his disappearance.  
After a grueling trek through frozen portions of the Himalayans that included crossing a six hundred and fifty-five-foot-long suspension bridge, Gabriel reached Motuo located in the Nyingchi area of southeastern Tibet, on the lower reaches of the Yarlung Tsangpo River and found it to be all that it was renowned for.
During his first moments in Motuo, he had found himself submerged in clouds and mist, surrounded by imposing peaks and steep ravines superimposed against a paradisiac backdrop.  Before long, however, birds had begun to sing in the forest.  Sunshine had pored through the fog and woods and created rainbows.  The golden light had sliced through the condensation and revealed azaleas and vanilla orchids along with large white lilies that blossomed in vast fields.  
When Gabriel had arrived, he had been fully convinced that Motuo County was a mirage, a figment of his exhausted imagination.   His conviction had transformed, however, when a man appeared from the veils of vapor.  Clad in a felt hat, trousers, sheepskin robe and leather boots, the man had loomed in the mist a threatening presence.  Gabriel had hesitated at first when it appeared as though the man had disappeared.   Then, without warning, the man had reappeared, as if he had been a manifestation of the fog, and attacked him.   He had wielded a short, wooden weapon and struck Gabriel several times.   It wasn’t until Gabriel had been in a prone position, that Yoshi had addressed him.  Gabriel had realized in that moment that he had neither experienced a mirage nor stumbled into an unexplored paradise.  He had, instead, met the first villager of Motuo County.
Yoshi struck him again, interrupted his recollection of their first run-in.  He attempted to strike Gabriel a third time.   He could not allow his sparring partner the moral victory of hitting him again.
As Yoshi thrust his otta forward, Gabriel twisted and dodged the blow.  He then lunged forward, extended his arm to his side then swept his weapon at Yoshi’s feet.  Though his weapon did not achieve what he’d intended it to, it did catch one of Yoshi’s feet and offset his balance.  He stumbled backward, nearly fell but quickly recovered and was distracted from further engagement by a sound in the distance.  
The faint tolling of a gong resonated through the trees, shivered off leaves and brush.  They both immediately recognized the sound and its purpose and lowered their weapons; their training session had come to a conclusion.  Neither Yoshi nor Gabriel ever lowered his weapon otherwise.
They began gathering their apparatus and moved from the small clearing to its edge and began their trek across the frozen landscape.   Where vanilla orchids once bloomed in abundance and had infused the air with their sugary-sweet aroma and had reminded him of Melissa, dried and tangled vines now stood.   He had been thankful for the dramatic change of season, of plant-life.   Passing through fields of fragrant flowers that bore the same scent as the girl he loved but was forced to leave had been more challenging than he’d imagined.  It had been unbearable.  He preferred to avoid things that reminded him of her; Thinking of her, of his time spent in Harbingers Falls, was imprudent.  Geography, weather and open investigations conspired and prevented him from being with her.  Remembrances merely reinforced his worry, his frustration.  He needed to protect her from what he believed to be the inevitable return of Terzini but he could not.   He tried to drown out the frustrated voice inside of him that screamed for his return to America, to Melissa, by focusing on the sound of his boots crunching on frozen soil.  Watching his feet offered little in the way of reprieve.
Ahead of him, Yoshi travelled, seemingly free of the burden of worry.   He envied his friend briefly, was snapped from envious thoughts as a slender frozen branch whipped him in his face.  Gabriel cried out.
“What the hell!  Ouch!” he spat.
Yoshi spun around and laughed.  “Oh man, that must have hurt! Guess we’ve got to work on those reflexes, huh, Gabriel?” He turned back around and continued toward the village, laughing most of the way.  
Yoshi had a robust sense of humor.   Born and raised in Mutuo County, he had experienced hardship and the wrath of highly unpredictable weather conditions, yet still managed to find humor in whatever situation he was in, even if it meant laughing at someone else’s expense.   He also considered himself an expert on American culture and surprised Gabriel by being fluent in English.   Yoshi traveled to a distant village when weather conditions permitted and submerged himself in countless books about America in the local library.   There, he had utilized instructional cassette tapes accompanied by workbooks and mastered the English language, determined to someday visit the United States.  When Gabriel had arrived speaking English and with intentions of returning to America, Yoshi was fascinated.  They became friends almost instantly; Yoshi had welcomed him to their community as soon as he had been sure Gabriel did not intend to harm them.  
Trust had been established between Gabriel and Yoshi rapidly.   Yoshi’s family took him in much as they would a family member.   He became a relative of sorts to Yoshi, lived with him, trained with him and worked the family farm with him.   He had been adopted into a group of veritable strangers and offered food, shelter and friendship.   Gabriel had never experienced friendship with another; he hadn’t been afforded the time to do so in Harbingers Falls.   He had also never experienced what it was like to be part of a family unit.   He had read about families and was well-versed in the various roles each member played, but had never been a part of one.   He had welcomed the warmth and hospitality of Yoshi’s family and cherished his function within their group.   Yoshi became his brother and for that reason, he had confided in him the secret of his origins, had admitted his reason for arriving in Motuo County.   Gabriel had told him about Terzini and Eugene and about Melissa.
“You look pretty miserable.   I’m guessing the whole branch to the face incident is not the reason,” Yoshi guessed.
“My mind is elsewhere,” Gabriel admitted.
“You’ll go back soon.  You’ll be there to look out for her again.”
Gabriel couldn’t help but notice that Yoshi emphasized the word “you” slightly.  He wondered if he were hinting at something.   He decided to find out.
“Geez, do you think I’ll be capable of protecting her all by myself?” he mocked.
“Well, you should be.  I trained you, so you’ll be fine.”
“Of course I will.   My skills are all a result of your hard work and dedication not mine,” Gabriel joked.  “And since you’re the real talent here, you’ll come with me when I return.”
“Naturally,” Yoshi said quickly then appeared to realize Gabriel was inviting him to visit America.
Yoshi snapped his head to look at Gabriel, hesitated initially and looked away then looked to him again, as if, for a fraction of a second, he did not trust that his ears really heard what he thought they did.  When he faced Gabriel a second time, his expression was one of complete astonishment.
“Are you serious, man? America?” Yoshi gaped.
“Yes Yoshi, America.  You’re kind of slow for an expert, aren’t you?”
“I can live with you being the brains I guess as long as you admit I’m the talented one of us–which you have–and know your place.  Master,” he pointed to himself.  “Student,” he pointed to Gabriel.
“Whatever you need to make you feel important,” Gabriel said sarcastically.
Yoshi ignored him and began chattering about his future trip to America.
“I can’t begin to imagine how amazing it’ll be; all of the skyscrapers, the streets of gold.”
“There are no streets of gold, I assure you; none that I know of at least.”
“But there are skyscrapers, right?”
“Yep, there are skyscrapers.  I’m not sure if we’ll necessarily see any, but they’re there.”
“I know, I know.  The only sight you want to see is Melissa,” he taunted.
“That’s right,” Gabriel said and placed a hand on his friend’s shoulder.  “No worries.  You won’t be disappointed.  Melissa’s more impressive than a tall building.”
“To you maybe, you big girl! I’ll have to meet her then see a skyscraper before I can make an informed decision.”
Gabriel laughed and clapped Yoshi on the back.
“You are quite a character, Yoshi, quite a character.”
“So I’m told time and time again.”
Gabriel and Yoshi resumed their journey back to the small village they resided in.  Each home in the hamlet was made exclusively of wood and was situated on nearly two hundred acres of land.
As they walked, Gabriel’s mind returned to his earlier days in Motuo County, how he had come to learn the art of Kalarippayattu.  
While most students of Kalarippayattu began training at approximately seven years old, Gabriel was invited to begin his at Yoshi’s recommendation as a teenager.  Exceptions had been made for him at Yoshi’s request.  It helped that Yoshi’s father, Anil, was both the gurukkal and a master in the martial art of Kalarippayttu.  As the supreme spiritual leader of the village and their fiercest warrior, Anil performed an initiation ritual at which time Gabriel was admitted into the kalari, the school where the martial art was taught.  The sacred ceremony included Gabriel placing his right hand then forehead to the ground as a sign of respect, submission and complete acceptance of the master, the deva, and the kalari itself.  Anil then placed his hand on Gabriel’s head, blessed him and prayed for him.  
Though Gabriel did not subscribe to the particular doctrine of thought Yoshi and his people did, he respected the sincerity of it, valued the honor and virtues it encompassed.  
As a novice in Kalarippayattu, he had much to learn but little concentration.  His thoughts continually drifted to Melissa; he could not harness in his rage and redirect it.  He had struggled with his inability to protect her, to seek retribution for the attempt made on her life.  He could not reign over the worry that plagued him; worry that his creator, Dr.  Franklin Terzini had reneged on their agreement and pursued Melissa directly or indirectly.  Gabriel fully understood that he was of no use to Melissa if he returned to America too soon and was arrested for the murders of three of his classmates, but felt he needed to do something, nevertheless.  
Feelings of helplessness had fueled his anger and apprehension and did little to facilitate his training with Yoshi during his initial time in Motuo County.
But quickly, Gabriel learned to push his emotions to profounder areas of his mind and readdress them when not training.  Once he released himself from the bounds of anger and surrendered completely to his instruction, he advanced.  He entered at the first stage, Meithari, and rapidly progressed through the remaining three until he reached the same level of proficiency as Yoshi.  Yoshi was second in the village only to his father and had been Gabriel’s mentor, had counseled him in each rigorous sequence of exercises and complex jumps, fostered his discipline through balance–both physical and mental.  
The Monpa people had never seen a student move through the stages of Kalarippayattu as quickly as Gabriel had; they were not privy to the secret of his origins.  Only one member of their clan knew that Gabriel had not lived on Earth for seventeen years as his peers had, that he was created with superior genes in a laboratory in the Russian Far East by Dr.  Franklin Terzini.  Yoshi was the sole protector of his confidence in the village and the second person on the planet with whom Gabriel shared it.  Yoshi knew about his augmented DNA, about Terzini, and why he left the United States.
Yoshi’s father, Anil, was not informed of Gabriel’s beginning.  He regretted not being able to share the most key piece of information about himself with the sage.  Instead, he cringed inwardly each time Anil admired his skill, celebrated his remarkable improvement and distinguished him with praise.  Anil regarded him with such reverence that Gabriel feared he viewed him as champion of sorts, sent to defend the great mysteries of their region.
Gabriel knew that in Tibetan, the word “Motuo” meant hidden and mysterious lotus.  Anil and his people held that theirs was the most mysterious land in Tibet.  After all, one need only look around to confirm such an assumption.  Like the land, Gabriel was a mystery.  He had singly survived the adversity of the landscape, the elements and the climate.  He had become proficient in their ancient and nearly extinct language of ‘Olekha in a matter of days as opposed to years.  He also had the necessary skills and control to improve at an unprecedented rate in the art of Kalarippayattu.
Under Yoshi and Anil’s tutelage, Gabriel had acquired stamina, mental alertness and poise to complement his genetic endowment of strength.  It took him several weeks to be a comparable match for Yoshi when training, an unparalleled feat.  When the moment did arrive and he was a not merely suitable match for his mentor, but had surpassed him, Yoshi did not begrudge Gabriel outright.  He grumbled from time to time but, for the most part, was gracious in his acceptance of his reduced ranking within the colony; his fierce competitiveness ended beyond the walls of the kalari.
Reflecting on Yoshi’s diplomacy, Gabriel could not help but smile.
Gabriel walked beside Yoshi for several miles in silence passing women in home-spun wool gowns carrying baskets containing various vegetables and fruits.  Each greeted him and Yoshi deferentially, reverently.
When they finally reached Yoshi’s home that he shared with his father, mother, siblings and Gabriel, Anil waited for them.  With no roads in Motuo whatsoever, Anil stood, knee deep in brush wearing a sleeveless fur vest that hung nearly to the top of his leather boots.  With a fur hat perched atop his head, Anil appeared royal, impressive.  
“Hello Yoshi, Gabriel,” Anil addressed them.  “How was your training today?”
“Excellent father, I landed Gabriel on his backside,” Yoshi bragged.
“Technically, sir, I landed on my side,” Gabriel offered.
“He dropped you, huh? It appears you are less able to control you feelings these days. You are distracted,” Anil said sagely.  “Soon you will be able to check on her and be less distracted.  Your questions will be answered and your curiosity satisfied.”
“Sir?” Gabriel asked genuinely confused.
“You will be contacting her sooner than you thought,” Anil announced.
Excitement bubbled in his belly.  
“Sir, are you serious?”
“Do I look like I’m joking?” Anil asked with a deadpan expression then continued.  “The weather will be favorable in the coming weeks.  It would be wise to take advantage of nature’s gift.  The days forthcoming will be the best suited for travel.  We will be blessed with unseasonable warmth.  You will be able to go to Pai Village and contact her, find out if all is well.  I suggest you leave at dawn.  Take Yoshi.   The four-day trip to Pai will be without difficulty.”
Gabriel was familiar with Pai Village, had traveled there often over the last five months to contact Melissa.  But harsh weather conditions between his arrival in November and the current month of April had severely limited his visits to the area.  Even still, the pathways were covered in ice and snow with another month of unpredictable conditions on the horizon would make travel difficult.  Anil’s prediction for milder weather was unexpected but welcome.  Anil was rarely wrong in his estimation of upcoming weather.
“You are happier already, Gabriel.  It is evidenced in your posture,” Anil observed.
Gabriel’s spirit was buoyed.
“Father, Gabriel has asked me to accompany him to America, when he is finally able to return,” Yoshi blurted out excitedly.
“He did, did he?” Anil asked staring directly at Gabriel.  “Funny, he did not discuss such a matter with me.”
“Sir, I was going to speak with you about it, but I assumed there would be ample time for us to discuss it with you.  I don’t anticipate my return to America to be anytime in the near future.
“Yoshi, do you want to go to America?”
“Yes, father.  Absolutely.”
“You do realize it is very different there than it is here,” Anil warned.
“Yes father, I know it is different.  But I want to see different things, cars, skyscrapers, roads paved in gold,” Yoshi began.
“Yoshi, there are no roads paved in gold.  I told you that earlier, remember?” Gabriel interrupted.
“Whatever, maybe you’ve just never seen them.  I can believe what I want.  Anyway father, I want to see the world, eat the fast food.”
“You are seventeen years old, a grown man now.   I trust in your judgment and training; I know you can take care of yourself.  I would not stop you from experiencing anything that you would want to in life.  I can only hope that when you’re through eating fast food while driving on streets of gold you will want to return to us.”
Anil stepped back and began to turn from Gabriel and Yoshi but paused to add, “Eat and then rest.  You will leave at dawn.”
Gabriel did not consider the hour he’d be waking at or the conditions he would face.  Personal inconvenience was of no consequence to him.  He would speak with Melissa, be given proof of her safety.  Confirmation of her well-being granted him peace of mind, quieted the unrest that raged within him.  He would hear her voice and be pained and reassured simultaneously but it would be sufficient to calm his inner turbulence; at least for a while, until he could return.


Chapter 4 

The faceless man never traveled in the daylight hours.  To do so would have drawn far too much attention to his differences.  He journeyed at sundown, cloaked in shadows and night, concealed by darkness.  Forced to leave the only home he’d known, he had fled, scared but determined to save himself.  He had known he could not stay any longer, that if he wanted to live he’d have to leave.  
He had been commanded to do horrible things by his maker.  He had been told his bad deeds had been necessary, deserved even, but the faceless man had not been sure.  Though he had questioned his maker’s commands internally, he had been unable to ignore them; he had felt compelled to do as he was told.   He did not know why.
Sitting in the coppice on the outskirts of Veteran Park on the warm, moonless spring night, the faceless man stared in the distance at a large, bronze statue of a kneeling soldier, momentarily relieved of the burden of his past actions.  The statue and the surrounding park was illuminated by cast-iron lampposts painted black and crowned with three globes each.  From where he was situated, he was granted a clear view of the statue yet maintained his concealment.  
The bronze statue on bended knee held him, soothed him.  With his helmet at his side and one hand at his brow, the soldier stared somberly at the ground below.  The faceless man was sure that there were people who had cared about the soldier, people who had loved him.  He wondered what it would feel like to be loved.  
No one cared about him.  No one loved him.  The soldier had been lucky.
The faceless man had not been so lucky.  Early on he had discovered that he was alone, that conventional humans were a cruel species reluctant to accept him.  His only hope, the very one that kept him moving and offered him the will to live, was that somewhere in the world, the perfect friend for him existed, someone kind enough to see past his unique exterior.  He had seen himself in a mirror in his former home.  He knew he did not look quite like his maker or other humans he had seen.  He did not resemble the handsome soldier statue either, did not have the same sad eyes.
His maker had told him that he was a product of an untimely end to his handiwork, that the urgent need for a formidable ally had superseded his proper formation.  Terzini had said that he had been taken from his development tank far too early–earlier than was possible to allow for a meaningful, productive life of service to him; that he was a monster who would never be able to integrate into society.
He did not like what his maker had said.   His maker’s words had been cruel.   They had hurt him then, hurt him still.  
In the silence of the thicket that bordered Veteran Park in the presence of the striking soldier statue, the faceless man relived the pain his maker had caused him, heard the words spoken in his cold voice, felt their chill.   He hugged himself briefly to fend off the frostiness.  Though the ambient temperature was moderate, he shivered.  The memory of their last interaction was fresh in his mind.  He felt as though he were sitting in Dr. Franklin Terzini’s laboratory, attempting to express his misgivings.
When the faceless man had resisted Terzini’s commands by gesturing with hesitance and grimacing at the orders, his maker had become very angry.  He had shouted at him, had hurled a glass container at him.  He had wanted to strike back or at least prevent his maker from throwing things at him, but something inside him had prohibited such an act.  He had tried in vain to lift his arms in retaliation, had willed them to move but they had not cooperated.  Instead, he had felt his insides tremble, had found it difficult to breathe.   His pulse rate had sped dangerously.  The world had spun around him.   He had felt as though he’d fall to the ground.
Hugging himself tightly in the undergrowth, the faceless man suddenly found it difficult to breathe once again.  His heart thundered; he heard it pounding in his ears just as it did the day he’d realized he wanted to leave.  
He could still hear his maker’s voice echoing in his ears telling him that no one defied him and that he would die just as soon as the others were fully formed.  Terzini had expected him to surrender to destruction.  
Even still, five months after his fateful interaction with his maker, the notion of conceding his life, of forfeiting his future willingly sent a chill down his spine.  His maker had insisted that he simply agree to his death; accept it as affably as one accepts a gift.  His maker had had very unrealistic expectations.   He did not want to die; he was newly born.  He had not yet experienced life, save for the horrible things he had been ordered to do.
Day after day, in his short existence at Dr. Franklin Terzini’s laboratory, the faceless man had been given directives then banished to a room the size of a closet.   For him, it had felt more like a cell or a cage because, each night, the door had been locked from the outside.   His maker had sequestered him.   He had not been free to roam about.  Instead, he had been detained like an animal or criminal devoid of rights and privileges.   He had known he’d done nothing wrong.  He had done just as his maker had instructed, yet remained imprisoned in a tiny room.  
His captivity had grown very upsetting to him.  He had felt trapped and confused by his maker’s rules, why his maker had thought it necessary to punish him with confinement.  He had also refused to willingly accept death once Terzini’s new creations were born.  
As part of the next phase of his maker’s plan, other creations like him had been formed and were in the process of development.  They would remain in their tanks for a predetermined amount of time that was far shorter than the gestation of a human being conceived by conventional means, but far more effectual.  His maker had told him that their births would signify a momentous moment in the history of humanity; that a great transformation would begin.  The birth of the new creations did not represent a significant event to the faceless man. It was more like a death sentence.  He had known what would’ve been expected of him, that once they had grown and matured and were ready for release, he would no longer be needed.  Dr. Terzini had made it clear to him that once the new creations were born, he would be required to surrender his life.  He had fretted over his death many nights while locked in his tiny room.
One night, when his internment had grown particularly unbearable, he had rested on his cot and looked at the ceiling of his small space.  He had noticed a large metal grate affixed with screws.  He had become curious about where the ventilation opening led, and if, perhaps, it led outside of his room.  He had been certain it would lead to a fascinating locale.
That night, he had stood on his cot and excitedly yanked the vent from the ceiling.  Tiny screws had dropped to the floor, but he had not cared.  He had thought he was embarking on an adventure.  He had dropped the grille to his cot, hoisted himself up and wriggled into the opening.  
Once inside, to his dismay, the ventilation duct had not been interesting in the least.   In fact, it had been rather terrifying.  The channel had been narrow and dark and littered with spider webs and insects, both living and dead.  The space had been so tight that it had greatly restricted his movement and had caused him to feel an overwhelming sense of confinement.  He had been forced to slither forward as there had been no room for him to twist and return to his room.  The farther he had moved from the meager light provided by the opening to his room, the darker and scarier the ventilation duct had become.  He’d had to close his eyes tightly, had to resist the urge to stop moving and succumb to fear.  
He had slid through the dusty darkness for less than fifty feet, eyes still shut, before he had happened upon another grate.   He had felt it with his face and immediately opened his eyes.  Dim light had pushed back the dark slightly, and he had wanted nothing more than to be in the light.  He had pushed against the grate with his large, webbed fingers and the screws had yielded under their pressure.  The grate had fallen off easily and he had dropped to the room below.
Grateful to be standing once again, he had squinted and allowed his vision to adjust to the light of the room; the light had been dim but far brighter than the gloom of the duct.  Once his eyes had adjusted, he had realized where he was, that he stood in Terzini’s laboratory, a laboratory that led to the outside.
The prospect of freedom had been an unexpected and irresistible temptation.  He had been outside on rare occasions and had found the outdoors fascinating.  The lure of independence, of choice, had been too great to ignore.  He had decided that returning to his room was not as appealing as liberation.
So he ran.  He ran as fast as he could away from the life that enslaved him.  He had felt it vital to get away from the horrible little man who wanted to kill him.  He had fled the laboratory and the grounds of Dr. Franklin Terzini’s property without a formal plan, had known only that he would actively pursue friendships.
Sadly though, as time passed, the faceless man had begun to recognize an unfortunate pattern: everyone he had come in contact with seemed to share in his maker’s estimation of him.  The people he had encountered were rarely able to suppress a scream much less forge a friendship with him.  They had reacted negatively, hostilely in some cases, toward him, had screamed at him, and had attacked him; he quickly realized that acceptance would be a challenge.  
The faceless man began to linger in locales that were less inhabited, favoring darkened alleys and abandoned buildings.  When in these locations, he unearthed many people like him, people who were displaced, people who had been relegated to darkness.  They were vagabonds, unwanted and unloved, who pushed their meager possessions about in carts and carriages and ate out of trash cans.  He thought them kindred spirits.  He was wrong, of course.  His vagrant peers excluded and rejected him vehemently, violently.  They proved mean, and scary.  
Without food, shelter, or companionship, he roamed alone, forced to urinate and defecate in the wilderness and feed on small creatures indigenous to the area.  He survived primarily on rabbits, raccoons and squirrels and the occasional rat.  He drank and washed in streams and ponds.  
Most days, he was afraid and lonely.  But living a lonely and rootless life was still preferable to the life he previously led.  His maker had used him to hurt people, kept him locked in a tiny room then wanted to kill him.
Though the faceless man had fled from the captivity of his maker’s laboratory after being informed of his impending destruction months earlier he re-experienced it regularly and in vivid detail.  Just recalling the fact that Terzini had wanted to exterminate him as if he were a loathsome pest of some sort caused him to feel each emotion as if it were occurring in the present.  
He shivered again and clutched his body closer as if physically trying to hold himself together, fighting a phantom force that sought to dismantle him.  He knew his maker’s call for his death had been unfair, unjustified; he knew that much was true.  He could not object to it, could not articulate his desire to live. He was incapable of speech, and therefore unable to argue on his own behalf, or plead with Terzini to pardon his impending death sentence.  He valued his life, even if Terzini did not.  The faceless man knew that Dr. Franklin Terzini was nothing more than a mean little man filled with harsh words and malicious ideas, and very unrealistic expectations.  
His maker was not unlike other humans he had met.  Everyone he had come across had been unkind.  They shrieked at the sight of him, shrunk away in his presence.  He could not imagine why they could not see past his differences.
As he sat with his knees tucked against his chest and his arms wrapped around them, he wondered if Terzini had been right, if no one would ever accept him as he was.  As he contemplated such an idea, an overwhelming sentiment swelled within him.  He felt a profound sense of sadness for himself.
Fortunately, the sadness was fleeting.  His resolve countermanded it.  He was determined to seek out a compassionate person, one who saw past his miscreation.  He had heard talk of one who’d managed to see past another of Dr. Terzini’s creations and cared about him deeply.  That is what he wanted, what he was determined to find, a person who would not condemn him for his origins but would celebrate him, instead.  He refused to accept that his experiences represented the whole of humanity.  Gabriel James had found a person who cared about him, and so would he.  
A warm breeze gusted, stirring the plants and blossoms around him.  In the distance, the bronzed and bowed statue did not waver.  His gaze remained fixed on the earth beneath him, cast down in perpetual despair.  The faceless man breathed in the sweet spring air and realized he did not wish to be like the gilded soldier after all.  He wished, instead, to be like Gabriel.


Chapter 5

The days had been passing by mercifully fast.  Three had elapsed in what felt like the blink of an eye.  For months, Melissa submerged herself in the details of her days, allowed them to carry her like a mighty tide guiding an ocean.  Most days she felt as though she were bobbing in a vast body of water, being pulled along by forces beyond her control.  Schoolwork, family obligations, and her friends united and acted as a current towing her through each day, week, month, through life.  But the last three days had been different.  Melissa felt more like herself than she had in five months.  She felt energized, enlivened; almost happy.
Melissa felt as if she’d awoken from a hideous dream.  And though she felt slightly battered, she was beginning to feel again.   
Situated in the back seat of Daniella’s car on her way to school, Melissa felt at ease for the first time in a long time.  She missed Gabriel; that fact remained unchanged.  But something had changed within her, something inexplicable and profound. She felt more at peace with her circumstances, wondered if she were letting go of Gabriel.  Such a notion had been unfathomable earlier, seemed improbable still.
Melissa could not quite pinpoint exactly what has transformed and did not feel like exhausting herself trying to figure it out.  She was grateful for the reprieve and that was enough to sustain her.
“This has been the longest week ever.  We are so going out tonight!” Daniella affirmed exuberantly.
“I know! I can’t wait! I have the hottest outfit,” Alexandra agreed.
“What should I wear?” Daniella asked.  
“Something slutty!” Alexandra joked.  “I’m just kidding.  Just wear that green top with your skinnies.  Your ass looks smokin’ hot in that.”
Melissa listened to Alexandra and Daniella chatter on about their weekend plans, had done so absentmindedly for several months.  Earlier on, just after Gabriel had left, they had regularly asked her to join them and she had continually refused.  As time passed, however, her friends had begun asking less and less frequently before they stopped asking altogether.  Her two best friends no longer bothered to try and include her in their plans as their invites had always been declined.  She had not been offended by their exclusion before, had thought it a relief even to no longer go through the motions of getting an invite, turning it down then listening to angry or pity-filled appeals.  Now, however, she felt differently. She wanted to be included. 
“Hey, what should I wear?” Melissa heard herself ask.
“Oh my God Daniella, pull over!  I think I’m going to have a heart attack!” Alexandra chided.
“Melissa, are you really going to come out with us?” Daniella asked incredulously.
“I’m thinking about it,” Melissa answered.
“Don’t think!” Alexandra urged.  “Just come!”
“Yeah, it’s been, like, forever since you came out with us,” Daniella added.  “You have to come! Greg is having a huge party at his house.  His parents are away so it’s going to be epic.  He has an indoor pool, Melissa!”
“It’s going to be off the hook!  That guy is loaded.  I’m excited to just see his house, everything else is a bonus,” Alexandra said.
Melissa was suddenly panicked by what she was feeling.  Excitement, an emotion she’d been virtually devoid of over the last several months, swelled within her.
“You have to come, Missy! We miss you,” Daniella begged.
She felt dizzied.  Her heart raced.  Her hands felt frozen.  She felt nauseated and elated simultaneously.   In her belly, a swarm of butterflies had emerged from their chrysalides and flitted about, beating their wings.
“Count me in!” she blurted out.  “I’m coming to Greg’s party!”
“Yay!” Daniella cheered.
“Wait a sec,” Alexandra interrupted. “You’re not going to come with us and get drunk and start crying about you-know-who are you?”
Although she could not be completely sure that that would not happen, Melissa felt confident she would be okay and that the night would pass tear-free.
“No,” she said.  “I’m not going to cry this time.”
“Are you sure?” Alexandra asked skeptically.
“Of course,” Melissa lied.
“So you’re over him?” Daniella asked softly.
Melissa considered her question briefly before answering.
“I don’t know that I’m necessarily over Gabriel.  I’m just not going to sit home all the time waiting for him to call or text or e-mail.  I mean, I’m sick of being sad all the time, of being, like, pathetic, you know?”
“Yeah, you have been pretty pathetic,” Alexandra stated plainly.
Daniella elbowed Alexandra.
“What the fuck was that for?” Alexandra asked.
Melissa watched as Daniella shot Alexandra a warning glance.
“Sorry,” Alexandra mouthed.
“Guys, stop it! This is what I’m talking about,” Melissa began.  “You think I don’t see what you guys are doing?”
“We’re not doing anything,” Daniella answered.
“Yes you are.  You treat me like a mental patient!”
“We’re sorry, sweetie,” Daniella said.  “We don’t want to upset you.”
“No! Stop apologizing.  I’m the one who should be apologizing.  Because I’ve been, like, a zombie for the last few months, you guys have had to tiptoe around my feelings.  I mean, it’s unfair that you have to be like that around me and watch what you say or don’t say and what you do or don’t do.  It’s ridiculous.   I’m ridiculous!”
“You’re not ridiculous.  You’re hurting.  We just want to make things easier for you,” Daniella replied.
“Yeah, we’re sick of seeing you upset all the time.   We want to help any way we can,” Alexandra added.
“Well it stops today,” Melissa asserted.  “Starting today, things are back to normal.  No more moping and crying and waiting.  You don’t have to hold back anymore and coddle me.”
“Great!  You mean we don’t have to pretend to understand why you’d want to waste your time boo-hooing over a guy–a very hot guy–but a guy nevertheless?” Alexandra asked.
“Alex!” Daniella exclaimed.
“What?” Alexandra replied.
“You don’t have to be rude about it!”
“No Daniella, Alex is right.   I shouldn’t sit around crying over him.   I mean, he’s probably off somewhere having a great time which is why he hardly ever even calls anymore so why should I be upset?”
Her question was rhetorical and her friends dared not offer so much as a hypothetical or lighthearted retort.   But Melissa was certain the same questions that ran rampantly in her mind crossed theirs as well.  She had wondered if his infrequent contact with her was a result of waning interest more than risk factors.   Recently, she began to doubt his feelings for her.
As soon as she felt the familiar doubt, which invariably precipitated hurt, begin to encroach, she forced it to the back of her mind, refused to let it ruin her newfound sense of calm.
“So, I’ll ask again, what should I wear tonight?” Melissa asked and redirected the conversation back to a lighter topic.
“Something slutty, like I told Daniella,” Alexandra joked.
Melissa laughed.   And it felt good.   She giggled with her friends as Daniella parked in the front lot of Harbingers High School before they gathered their books and entered the building.
As Melissa walked down the hallway toward her locker, she couldn’t help but feel an energy swirl about her.  There was excitement in the air; she felt it the moment she walked in.  It was electric.  Some students passed, gesturing to one another animatedly.  Others whispered eagerly.  Something significant had happened, Melissa just wasn’t sure what.
“I gotta go,” Alexandra said unaware of the buzz around her.   “I can’t be late, like, ever again or I’ll get detention.  Later!”
“Bye Alex,” Melissa said distractedly.
“See ya, Alex,” Daniella replied.   “Melissa, I have to go too.   I have a test first period.” 
“Go, go.  I’ll see you later.”
Melissa watched as Daniella disappeared around the corner into the stairwell then refocused her attention to the odd flurry in the hallway.   More of her classmates had gathered and stared down the long corridor pointing and gesturing.   She strained her vision to see what was causing the commotion.   She could not quite make out who or what she was seeing.  
She began pushing her way through the crowd that had amassed.  
As Melissa got closer, she discerned a tall figure that appeared to be the center of all the attention.   She kept moving, pressing passed onlookers.   She saw that there were two slightly shorter figures flanking the person at the end of the hall and kept moving toward them.  
When she was finally close enough to see who was responsible for the ruckus, she felt her breath catch in her chest.   Her knees weakened.  Her mind spun like tires in mud, spinning and struggling to gain traction when all the while the only progress that was made was deeper submergence in mire.  What she witnessed seemed impossible, unbelievable.  Thoughts swirled and eddied about.  None of them made sense.  She felt faint.  Surely it couldn’t be him.  She hadn’t seen him in five months and was certain she’d never see him again.  But he had returned.
Her heart began to race and, though she felt cold, perspiration dampened her forehead and palms.  Her pulse raced dangerously.  Her knees threatened to give way beneath her.  She felt lightheaded and unsteady.  He seemed to float toward her, an apparition materializing. 
A hush seemed to have befallen the hallway, save for the rapid thumping that resonated in her ears.   Everyone around her appeared to be moving with infinitesimal slowness, as if they were actors in a film reel moving in slow-motion.  
Standing at the end of the long, student-filled hallway a familiar face smiled at her showcasing his blindingly white smile and single dimple in the center of his right cheek.
Melissa felt the color drain from her cheeks as Kevin Anderson winked at her then waved coyly.  Terror, unlike any she had ever experienced, prickled along her spine.  Her insides shivered.  He grinned broadly as if sensing her horror at the sight of him, confident, arrogant; antagonizing.  She wanted to run from him, keep running, and never be forced to lay eyes on his menacing expression again.  
Kevin Anderson was dead.  His presence implied that he had returned from the grave; and he was not alone.  Beside him, Chris Mace and John DeNardi stood, as they always did in the past, very much alive.
The situation was nightmarish; they were all dead.  She had heard their tortured screams, knew that they suffered at the hands of Eugene.  She had seen their mangled corpses.  The scene had been gruesome, their deaths violent.  Their return was impossible.  They could not be at Harbingers High School.  
Her mind continued to roll and turn incapable of gripping a solid thought.  Each idea seemed to flow past her like a phantom, ephemeral, evanescent.  She worried she was hallucinating or suffering an emotional episode of some sort.  Kevin, Chris and John appeared to have returned, impossibly, from the dead and she felt her world upend.

Chapter 6 

Dr. Franklin Terzini’s footsteps echoed along the corridor of his new laboratory in Santa Ynez, California.  The layout was similar to his two previous research facilities, save for the fact that this one existed above the ground as opposed to buried deep within it.  
The heels of his leather dress shoes clacked rhythmically on the pristine tiled flooring.  He moved swiftly down a path in the center of his lab.  On either side, stainless-steel tables loaded with magnification apparatus, centrifugal equipment and computers lined the walls.  Beakers of every imaginable size, along with innumerable test tubes in holders, sat atop shelving units and occupied the far wall.  His new space, though organized, immaculately clean and nearly identical to the others, still unnerved him. The work area was far too bright.  Despite room darkening shades installed at each window prior to his arrival, abundant sunshine still permeated minuscule gaps in the treatments and managed to light the room.  
Terzini despised sunlight and daytime in general.  He hadn’t relocated for the lightness or beaches.  He had selected Santa Ynez for its obscurity and although it was just a car ride away from the densely populated city of Los Angeles, it offered rustic anonymity without sacrificing modern convenience.  An additional element also added to the allure of his proximity to a major city as well: defiance.
Nestled in the Santa Barbara Wine Country, he felt as though he were hiding in plain sight.  Such a notion amused him given that his creation had had the audacity to banish him from his previous residence, as if he were a subordinate and not the other way around.  Gabriel had attempted to blackmail him into leaving the country and living out his remaining days in exile in an isolated niche of the planet.  While Gabriel had succeeded in banishing him from his stunning residence in Harbingers Falls, complete with a state-of-the-art underground facility, he had not succeeded in chasing him to the far reaches of the planet.  He had been driven, instead, to Santa Ynez.  
Terzini loathed Santa Ynez and all of its quaint shops and folksy inhabitants.  Others flocked to such places and adored the western-style architecture and the niceties exchanged with every person who passed along the narrow stretch of land that served as the main artery of the community.  The only reason he had selected such a ghastly location was because of its scarce population and the expansive land upon which he could develop.  With roughly four thousand four-hundred people in the area, few eyes were on him.   It was unlikely that he would be recognized.
He had selected a modern home set on twenty acres of semi-rural property.  The house boasted seven- thousand square feet in the main living space and an additional twelve-hundred feet in the guest quarters and gave Terzini ample room for his laboratory.  After brokering a deal several years earlier with sellers who had relocated to Austria, he had begun construction on his lab as soon as the deed was his.    
He had maintained the home befitting his unique needs and taste unbeknownst to both Gabriel and Eugene.  For years, the house stood empty but at the ready for his occupancy.  Complete with all the amenities he required, he had contracted a company years earlier to renovate the guest suite to a laboratory.  
His laboratory was vital to his residences as it was the place he spent most of his time.  And since his work area once existed as a guesthouse, it already had a bedroom for the infrequent times he elected to sleep.
The rest of the living space was impressive.  He appreciated the spaciousness and luxuriousness of it, though he had no use for the floor-to-ceiling windows in nearly every room, each offering a view of the land it was situated on.  He guessed other humans would enjoy the vista.  He, however, held little esteem for nature, least of all in a state as garish as California.  
Looking around at his new research facility and all of its sophisticated equipment, he knew he outclassed all other humans, that they were lesser beings.  He knew he ought to belong to the new breed of beings he was creating, despite their disappointing performances of late.  First, Gabriel presented with a flaw, and then Eugene.  Eugene’s failure had been shocking.  
Eugene had been defeated, a fact that had haunted Terzini in the days after his relocation to Santa Ynez.  He lived now because of the quick-thinking and talent of his maker, but had been beaten by Gabriel.  Gabriel had been designed for battle only not as deliberately as Eugene; he did not possess the inherent instinct or the training that Eugene maintained, yet still managed to adapt and best a trained killer.  Had Terzini not been present to rescue Eugene, he would have perished.  
He had barely made it to his new facility with Eugene in time to save him.  His ferocious creation had retained a pulse, but it had been weak.  Once in the van, he had been submerged in Terzini’s unique development fluid in an enormous cistern to begin the process of healing.  He could have let Eugene die.   The thought had crossed his mind.  But cloning Eugene would have been far too precarious an undertaking.  Even for a geneticist as exceptional as he was, there would be no guarantee that the end result would be as perfect a predator as Eugene.  And to train another, possibly inferior fighter, would have taken too long.  Based solely upon practical, rational factors, he opted to save Eugene from Gabriel’s conquest.  
Terzini briefly considered Eugene’s near-death at Gabriel’s hands a failure on his part but soon realized failure was not possible for someone as gifted and talented as he.  Eugene’s defeat was neither a failure nor a disappointment, but a testament to his genius.  Gabriel’s adaptation, his ability to trump Eugene’s formidable brawn with his intelligence, was a result of Terzini’s brilliance.  Gabriel was his most recent creation and therefore possessed his most recent improvements.  Those improvements were invaluable to his future project despite the evolution of sentimentality in Gabriel.
Gabriel was meant to be the future of humanity.  But he hadn’t guessed Gabriel would evolve beyond what he’d been capable of anticipating.  He’d predicted enlightened thinking, possibly even his development of telekinetic powers in the future.  He attributed any and all of Gabriel’s successes to his own genius, his ability to unlock and unleash areas of the brain heretofore unused.  What he did not anticipate was that Gabriel would fall in love despite modifications made in his temporal lobe and the deep limbic system of his brain that prohibited him from emotionality.
Months of experimentation and analysis revealed the reason for Gabriel’s flaw.  Terzini was reluctant to accept any responsibility for said flaw, but conceded that future creations would be developed with a greater sense of superiority, that Gabriel was far too humble, too modest.  Terzini had wanted him to blend into society, which had been a grave oversight on his part.  The purpose of future creations would not be to integrate, but to shun the humans that occupied the planet.  The new race would regard humanity with the same disdain human beings regard insects and rodents.  The thought of mating with one would be utterly repugnant, deviant.  The only species they would be attracted to and mate with would be ones he produced and at his discretion.
It had been extremely difficult coming up with the formula for his new creations, especially since his attention had been divided.   He needed to refocus his concentration and devote himself entirely to his new project.   But before he could do that another matter needed to be addressed.  He needed to dispose of Gabriel.
Gabriel’s existence was a constant threat to his body of work a threat that needed to be eradicated.  Dr.  Franklin Terzini needed to carefully root Gabriel out of hiding.  To do so, he had a plan, a plan he was certain would be effective at drawing Gabriel from his lair.
He had cloned Kevin, Chris and John, the three teenagers Eugene had killed in the woods of Harbingers Falls.  He had taken their corpses and used their DNA to replicate them with the assistance of his creation tank.  After extracting the necessary tissue, he had disposed of the bodies by cremation.  The three teenagers had been recreated for the sole purpose of returning to Harbingers Falls.  Their bodies had never found, therefore their return would not generate suspicion. 
Rebirth and reintroduction to their peers had been the easiest part of the process for Terzini.  The re-creation process had proved far more daunting than he had anticipated.  When recreating them, he had been careful to not alter or augment their brains or make any changes that would have risked changes in appearance.  Such restraint had been challenging. Dr. Terzini was a man who recognized the need for improvement among humanity, and made it his mission to remedy it.  
He had refrained from tampering with their cognitive processes but had taken the liberty of enhancing their muscular development by upgrading their fast-twitch responses and speeding their recovery time capacity.  The result was overall strength enhancement without any other modifications.  Strength enhancement was a necessary component of Terzini’s plan. The three teens needed to be strong enough and fast enough to crush Gabriel.
With three of them, equally matched in strength to Gabriel and outnumbering him, his demise was all but guaranteed.
The rebirth of Kevin, Chris and John had been successful.  Dr. Terzini had been pleasantly surprised to discover that when cloning a human being using their preexisting DNA as opposed to intermingling augmented genetic material it resulted in the preservation of the temporal lobe of the brain. With their temporal lobes identically replicated, their memories had been preserved as well as their appearances and personalities insofar as he could tell.  Outwardly, they were exactly as they had been.  Yet despite the seeming success of his endeavor, Terzini was reluctant to deem it a victory.  He was hesitant to trust that the three flawed creatures could carry out his plan by themselves.
With such distrust weighing heavily upon him, Terzini, ever the pragmatist, decided to enact an alternate plan; a contingency plan.
He paused and stroked his chin as he stood before a massive stainless-steel tank that occupied the far corner of his laboratory.  On impulse, he turned the large wheel affixed to it and began opening the container.  Through the thick, opaque fluid, he saw that Eugene’s arm moved slightly.  He knew it would not be long before his plan was set into motion.
His plan was to have the three teenage humans draw Gabriel out from where he hid.  He hoped Gabriel was not certain the three had been dead when he had seen them in the woods.  Uncertainty would pave the way for curiosity, a need to see for himself whether Kevin, Chris and John were, in fact, alive.  If all went as planned, Gabriel would return to Harbingers Falls and find more than just the three teens; he would find Eugene and meet, ultimately, with his demise.

Chapter 7

The unexpected return of Kevin, Chris and John sent shock waves throughout the school.  Their names were on everyone’s lips.  Melissa struggled to regroup after her initial shock at seeing them and felt as though she were in a nightmarish trance for the remainder of her day.  She existed in a daze, listening to her classmates go on and on about the astonishing reappearance of their beloved classmates.  She alternated between numbness and the persistent urge to vomit at every mention of their names.  Adding to her uneasy feeling was the fact that her name was invariably mentioned each time theirs was.  After all, everyone knew that she was the person who had claimed that they were dead, not merely missing.  Their return brought with it the return of weighted stares.  Fellow students stared in her direction again, regarding her with suspicious eyes; judgmental eyes.  She felt as though the day could not end soon enough.
When finally it did, Melissa rode home with Daniella and Alexandra who also discussed the homecoming of the popular trio.
“Holy shit! Melissa, what the fuck is going on!”  Alexandra said, echoing the sentiment of everyone in the car.
“This is insane.  It’s just, crazy! All of it is crazy!”  Daniella exclaimed.
“Melissa, I thought that you said that they were dead, that you saw their bodies, you said that freak that broke into my house killed them.  I don’t understand what the fuck is going on,” Alexandra said struggling to stay calm.
A stunned silence befell Daniella’s typically lively carpool.
Within seconds, it ended, however.  Alexandra turned in her seat to face Melissa who sat in the back seat.
“Well!”  Alexandra began, her statement sounding like an accusation.
“Well what, are you asking me if I was making it up?”  Melissa countered as her anger began to rise.
“Dead people don’t just become, I don’t know, undead and go back to their normal lives,” Alexandra persisted.
“Don’t attack me!” Melissa fired back.  “I know what I saw. I didn’t stop and take their pulses while I was running for my life, if that’s what you want to know!”
“Then what made you so sure they were dead?”  Alexandra asked coolly.
“Uh, the fact that Kevin’s head was crushed for one thing,” Melissa answered sharply.
 “This doesn’t make any sense at all,” Alexandra added. 
“What do you think is going on?”  Daniella asked.
 “It has to have something to do with Terzini, I told you the crazy things that he was working on,” Melissa said.
Melissa had shared with her friends the nature of Dr. Franklin Terzini’s work; that he was a genius geneticist who experimented with human cloning.  Alexandra had seen Eugene and it became necessary for her to offer an explanation. She did not, however, include in her explanation one small detail: that Gabriel could be counted among Terzini’s experimental creations.
“Are you trying to tell me that you think this Terzini brought them back to life?”  Alexandra replied
“I don’t know what I’m trying to say Alex, I don’t have an explanation.  I just know what I saw, and they were dead.  Why are you acting like this?” Melissa asked.
“Look Melissa, I’m sorry all right.  I don’t want to sound like I’m attacking you.  I’m just totally freaked out and I want to know what is going on.”
“You don’t think that I do too?  I’m the one who is going to be considered a nut, or even worse, a liar.”
“Well, you’re going to have to just lay low until we figure out what’s going on.  Maybe they staged it to look like they were dead that night or something,” Alex said
“So you’re saying they created an elaborate hoax, and took off for five months just to make me look bad? That seems a little far-fetched,” Melissa said
“Oh, and this Terzini guy bringing them back from the dead seems more logical to you?” Alexandra mocked as they pulled in to Melissa’s driveway.
Melissa promptly climbed out of Daniella’s car and thanked her for the ride home.
“Oh and I’m not going to lay low,” Melissa stated.  “I’m still going to Greg’s party tonight.  There is no way I’m going to let them intimidate me, not this time.”
“Good, you shouldn’t,” Daniella said.
“Yeah fuck them; of course you should still go.” 
 “Don’t get me wrong I hope that they’re not there tonight.  But they’re not going to get me to lock myself in the house and hide.”
 “Okay then we will pick you up at eight,” Daniella said excitedly.
“All right I’ll see you guys at eight,” Melissa said as she shut the car door and walked toward her house.
Melissa unlocked her front door and walked in.  The familiar smell of home did little to ease her anxiety. Questions began to form in her mind.  Would Kevin, Chris and John be at Greg’s party so soon after their mysterious return?  If they came, would they approach her?  Would there be a scene as there almost always was since their initial meeting? 
As Melissa agonized over the answers to her questions, she busied herself with household chores.  She began washing pots in the sink and loading the dishwasher with plates and glasses.  When she had finished that task, she moved on the hamper and separated white, light and darkly colored clothes before running a load of towels. 
When the rumble of the garage door interrupted her dinner preparations, Melissa realized she had lost track of time, and was thankful for it.  Within seconds, she heard the door to the garage open and the predictable sounds of her father shuffling into the hallway. 
“Hey Miss!” he called out.
“Hey Dad!” she replied.
She waited for the sound of work boots hitting the hallway floor before she inquired about his day.
“How was work?”
 “It sucked like every other day.  How was yours?”
“It sucked too, and oh yeah, Kevin Anderson, Chris Mace and John DeNardi showed up at school today.”
Melissa watched as her father’s stainless-steel coffee thermos nearly slipped from his hands and tumbled to the floor.  His eyes grew wide and his mouth fell agape.
“Yeah, I know.  That’s exactly how I felt, still feel,” she commented on his astonished expression.
“What, I mean how?” her father stammered.  “Holy shit, Missy, I thought they were dead. You told me they were dead, that that psycho killed them.”
“And I told everyone else too, because I saw their mangled bodies.  I heard their screams.”
As Melissa spoke, her father stared at her with confusion apparent in his every feature but intently, concernedly.  The sound of the doorbell interrupted their conversation.  It rang once.  Then almost immediately it rang a second time exemplifying the impatience of whoever waited on the other side of the door.
“Who the hell is ringing the bell now?” her father asked. “Geez!  And the jerk is impatient too.  Okay, keep your shirt on!  I’m coming.”
Melissa shrugged, equally as confused as her father.  
She watched as he answered the door only to find a police officer standing before him.
“Well, if it isn’t Chucky Miller,” her father stated as his frustration with the dual doorbell rings quickly segued into downright unfriendliness.  He did not bother to mask his dislike of the officer standing opposite him.
“That’s Officer Charles Miller,” the police officer replied puffing out his chest and emphasizing his rank.  “And I’m here to see your daughter.”
Melissa watched as he father stiffened then asked, “For what reason?”
“I’m interested to see if there is anything about the statement she gave five months ago that she’d like to change seeing as how there are now three corpses going to school with her,” Officer Miller replied haughtily.
“Now hold on a second,” her father said heatedly. “She already gave her statement quite some time ago. I’m pretty sure her story will be the same.”
“I believe I asked to see your daughter, not you, Chris.”
“That’s Mr. Martin to you, son,” her father replied derisively.
Melissa’s heart pounded against her ribcage.  She knew that it was not possible that Kevin, Chris and John could have survived.  She knew something else was going on, but she would never be able to tell the police what she thought without sounding like a crazy person.  She would not betray Gabriel even if she could get them to believe her.  Their reappearance, the whole scenario was a total mess.  And now, it seemed her credibility was being called into question.
Without thinking, Melissa stepped out from the kitchen and blurted, “I told you what I saw and what happened.” 
She did not temper her tone when she spoke to Officer Miller.  She did not restrain her frustration at his implication.  Under any other circumstances she would have spoken more respectfully, would have regarded a police officer with higher esteem.  But Melissa had heard the name Chucky Miller spoken on more occasions than she cared to admit.  She knew of his less-than-esteem-worthy past.
Charles “Chucky” Miller had been the neighborhood troublemaker when she was a child.  Years later, her father had hired Chucky to work for him in the produce department at the A&P, as a favor to his parents, a lovely couple whose only conceivable fault was their inability to see their son for what he really was.  But Chucky had not lasted long and had been fired after just a few months.  Chucky had never forgiven her father for firing him, and neither did his parents.  Her father had been shocked to see him at the Harbingers Falls annual fall festival two years earlier donning a police officer’s uniform.  He had always assumed he would have extensive involvement with the police, just on the opposite end of the spectrum.
Now, as he stood before them accusatorily, the situation felt wrong to Melissa.
“Well Melissa, let me tell you what I think happened,” Officer Miller began but not before allowing his eyes to travel up and down her body and linger on her breasts.  She felt her skin crawl as he continued, “I think you and this Gabriel guy hired someone to beat the shit out of Kevin and his friends.  You know, a little revenge for what he allegedly did to you, but the thug got carried away and almost killed them.  Then when the guy showed up at your house to collect, Gabriel shot him and took off.”
Melissa froze as Officer Charles Miller spoke irately, jabbing a finger animatedly all the while.  Judging from his words and demeanor, he had already decided on what had happened; convinced himself that it was a fact rather than an opinion.  And he wasn’t finished.
“I wonder, did he kill the ambulance driver, too?  Where is he Miss Martin?  Surely, you must know.”
Melissa did not have time to answer.  Her father interjected.
“All right Chucky, that’s enough!  It’s time for you to go!  You were a punk when you worked for me and now you’re a punk with a badge.  How that happened, I’ll never understand!”
She watched as, much to Officer Miller’s chagrin, her father abruptly shut the front door.
“I think that went well.  How about you?” her father asked employing his usual sarcastic sense of humor.
Melissa did not respond verbally.  Instead, she rolled her eyes.
“Come on, Missy, everything is going to be okay.”
“No dad, it won’t. I mean, after everything that happened to me and Gabriel because of Kevin and those guys and now Gabriel is gone and they’re back,” Melissa rambled, her mind thinking faster than her mouth could speak. 
“Maybe Gabriel has some idea about what’s going on.  Call him and ask him.”
“Dad, you know I can’t call him.  He doesn’t even have a phone wherever it is he’s staying,” Melissa said, frustration lacing her every word.
“All right, calm down.  When he calls you or texts you or whatever it is that you teenagers are doing with your cell phones, ask him.  There must be some sort of explanation for all this.”
Melissa wasn’t so sure about his last statement, but she was certain she wouldn’t be hearing from Gabriel anytime soon.
“That’s not going to happen,” she muttered.
“What’s not going to happen?” her father asked.
“Jeez Dad, you have hearing like a bat!”
“Well?”
“Nothing, Dad.”
“Don’t ‘nothing Dad’ me.  Spill it.”
“There’s nothing to spill.  That’s the problem,” she erupted. “Gabriel hasn’t called me in I don’t know how long.  I have no idea where he is, or who he’s with.  It’s like he’s gone for good, like everything he said to me was a lie–all the love stuff!”
“He said he loved you?” her father prickled.
“Yeah, whatever Dad, a boy loves me–or so I thought–but that’s not the point!”
“Yeah, it kind of is the point.  Speaking of which, did you two, you know, umm when two people love each other, they want to share their love and express their love,” he fumbled.
“Gross Dad! Are you trying to have a conversation with me about the birds and bees now, seriously?”
“No. I mean, yes, well, kind of.  I think you know what I’m trying to ask.”
“We didn’t okay.”
Melissa could see her father’s face relax along with the rest of his body, which had become visibly tense and intensified incrementally as he tried clumsily to ask if she and Gabriel had slept together.
“So you’re just sad because you miss him and think he’s not coming back not because you gave him something he can’t give back.”
Melissa stared at her father briefly before she rolled her eyes at him and retreated to her room.
He called up to her as she reached the top of the staircase.
“Love you, too Missy!”
She shut her door and immediately went to her bed.  She stretched out on it and tried to wrap her mind around all that had transpired during her day so far.  It had been surreal, nightmarish. Seeing Kevin, John and Chris at the end of the hallway, feeling her knees threaten to collapse beneath her had been more frightening than any nightmare she had ever had.  They were dead. She was certain of it.  She wished Gabriel would call her at that exact moment, willed the phone to ring, but it did not. 
She rose from her bed and shuffled to her closet to set about picking out an outfit to wear to the party she had regrettably agreed to attend.


Chapter 8

Gabriel and Yoshi journeyed from Motuo County to Pai Village on foot.  They traveled along ice- and snow-crusted trails, and endured cold that, though warmer than usual, blistered nevertheless.  But Gabriel remained unbothered by the elements, or by the fact that he could no longer feel his feet.  He would not stop walking until they reached Pai Village.  Pai Village promised modern conveniences he hadn’t enjoyed in recent months.  Electricity, indoor plumbing, phone and Internet connection awaited him there.  Internet service was what connected him to the rest of the modern world, and to Melissa.  
Thoughts of Melissa had kept him moving along frozen paths, and had kept his heart warm along the way.  He fantasized about hearing her voice, and envisioned her smiling face as she spoke.  He had not had the privilege of hearing her voice in quite some time.  The weather had been too harsh, the conditions too dangerous for travel.  This particular trip had been unexpected but welcome.  He and Yoshi were headed for a local Internet café.  There, he would either call or message her depending on the time of their arrival.
After what felt like an eternity spent walking along a frozen jungle, they reached Pai Village.  Pai Village was a stark contrast to Motuo County.  Bustling with people and filled with modern shops, the area was thriving and lively.  Though he appreciated the energy of the village, he could not wait to get to the café.  He also did not like how the villagers stared at him and Yoshi, how those who roamed about the streets browsing in local shops took notice of them immediately.  Their clothes and travel gear along with most elements of their appearance suggested rural heritage, and for that reason, neither of them blended in.  But most people focused their attention on him rather than Yoshi. They eyed him from head to toe, scrutinized him intently.  Passersby studied his attire, but their eyes invariably focused on his face, lingering on it longer than he was comfortable with.  In the last five months, he had become accustomed to the treatment he received in Motuo County, how the villagers expressed appreciation of one another subtly and silently, respectfully.  Such discretion on the part of the Monpa people allowed him to forget that his maker, Dr. Franklin Terzini, had endowed him with superior genes, that his construct was branded as superior.  He cringed at his maker’s hubris, his narrowed scope of vision that allowed him to think only in absolutes: superior or inferior; subordinate or insubordinate; for Terzini, there was no in between.  In Motuo, a member of the community was judged primarily by his or her contributions to the group, by his or her achievements.  Whether it was the family they raised, the art they mastered or the animals they drove across the region, the Monpa people placed tertiary value on physical appearance.  In fact, the majority of homes did not even possess any form of reflective glass.  Gabriel respected their values.  And he loathed his reflection.
As he walked through the heart of Pai and the area became more densely populated, he became increasingly uneasy.  His face, deemed aesthetically perfect by Dr. Terzini, was a constant reminder of his plight, the never-ending question of his being.  The bane of his existence rested in one question: was he, in fact, human?  He had not been born of man and woman.  He had not been conceived by conventional methods.  He was the product of deception and thievery blended with genius, created without emotion to weed out what his maker condemned as “imperfections” in humanity.  His advent was an offense to the highest deity religions prayed to.  Gabriel was well aware of the circumstances.  Yet, feeling had evolved within him.  A conscience developed in spite of being conditioned otherwise.  He felt human by every definition of the word.  But his origins continually plagued him, his worries exaggerated by the unwanted attention he received as he moved toward the Internet café on the corner.
“There it is,” Yoshi said excitedly.  “I’m surprised you’re not running.”
“Believe me, I’d like to.  But I don’t want to draw attention to us, you know.  I want to blend.”
“Oh yeah, Gabriel, no one is paying any attention to us. We blend,” Yoshi replied sarcastically.
Gabriel turned to his friend and shoved him.
“Let’s not get started here, Gabriel, then we’ll really draw attention to ourselves,” Yoshi said returning a shove then gesturing to his otta.
Gabriel laughed.  A trio of women turned and stared at them, then just at Gabriel.  The women nudged one another and whispered then giggled.  Gabriel did not understand what they said; their dialect was foreign to him.
Yoshi smirked and rolled his eyes as the women giggled and continued along.
“What was that all about?” Gabriel asked.
“They like the way you look,” Yoshi replied.
“Oh.”
“It’s not a bad thing, Gabriel.  I thought Americans like it when others find them attractive.”
“I can’t speak for the population of an entire country, but I’d rather disappear in a group.”
“Good luck with that,” Yoshi said mockingly.
“You know Yoshi, when I first met you, you were much quieter.  Now you’re a smartass as we say in America.”
“Smartass, huh? That’s a swearword, right?  And it’s generally considered insulting if I am correct.”
“You are correct.”
Yoshi did not pursue a verbal response.  Rather, he smiled and erected his middle finger to Gabriel.
Gabriel laughed aloud then said, “Case in point, my friend.”
Gabriel and Yoshi opened the door to the Internet café and were met with bright overhead fluorescent lighting and over a dozen kiosks.  Each cubicle housed a desk, computer terminal and chair.  For a small, timed usage fee, Gabriel was granted access to the outside world, to Melissa.
Yoshi seated himself in a booth and Gabriel occupied a stall right beside him.  His hands trembled as the computer wheezed and sputtered to life.  He would e-mail Melissa first and hope that she received it on her cell phone.  If she were available to talk, he would call her immediately from a landline phone.  He could not wait to talk to her, and hoped his timing was okay.  But before he started typing, Yoshi tapped him on the shoulder.
“What the hell Yoshi?  I’m in the middle of something here! What is so important?” he said sharply.
“Check the Harbingers Herald archives.  That’s what’s so important,” Yoshi replied levelly.
Gabriel did not know why, but he felt his heart sink in his chest.  He often scanned the Harbingers Herald archives, the local newspaper of Harbinger Falls, before they left the cafe for stories that might hold significance to him; stories that suggested Terzini had resurfaced. 
As he skimmed the headlines, one from several days earlier caused his breath to catch in his chest.  He blinked several times, certain that his eyes had somehow deceived him.  But they had not.  The words raged impossibly from the Harbingers Herald website.  “LOCAL TEENS MAKE DRAMATIC RETURN” the front page from the previous day read.  Below it was a picture of Kevin Anderson, Chris Mace and John DeNardi.
Gabriel felt his mouth go dry.  He tried to swallow but could not.  The back of his throat blazed.  The room began to spin.  He struggled to regain his composure, and focus on the words before him.  
The article continued and explained how three local teens, all celebrated athletes, from Harbingers High School had disappeared mysteriously and were believed dead according to an eyewitness statement.  It stated that, although no bodies were ever recovered, the circumstances of their disappearance had been suspicious and that the police department, along with the entire town had feared for Kevin, Chris and John’s safety and well-being.  In an interview with the Harbingers Herald reporter, the three had claimed to have been spending time abroad.  They had stated that they had made an impulsive decision to travel overseas together without bothering to inform their parents, friends or family.  In the interview, they had apologized profusely for causing worry to those closest to them. 
Gabriel’s mind reeled as he stared at the monitor.  What he was reading seemed impossible.  He had seen their corpses firsthand after Eugene had attacked them.  He had been running for his life and hadn’t had the time to stop and inspect their bodies.  But judging from the condition of the bodies he’d glimpsed, they had been dead.  Their bodies had been so badly beaten, so dreadfully positioned, that survival had seemed impossible.  They had been dead.  Gabriel had been certain of it.  
As he quickly searched his mind and replayed the scene in the woods from five months earlier, no doubt had existed then that Kevin, Chris and John had been killed.  But now, he hesitated.  Uncertainty began to invade his thoughts.  A new idea began to present itself, an idea that was more stirring than three teenagers surviving an attack and deciding to travel abroad.  He began to worry that Dr. Franklin Terzini was responsible for their dramatic return.
The room began to spin again.  Thoughts raced through his mind, disjointed and unclear.  Terzini’s possible involvement suggested dire circumstances.  It also meant that Terzini had not upheld his end of their agreement.  He began to doubt what he’d seen in the woods behind Harbingers High School five months earlier.  As far as he had known, Terzini had not had the ability to resurrect someone from death; he could only form them from their most basic building blocks.  Furthermore, if Kevin Chris and John were re-creations, Terzini would have had to have taken their bodies from the woods unassisted.  Too many questions existed, too much doubt abounded surrounding that fateful fall night.  He suddenly realized it would be necessary for him to see for himself whether their return was as they had stated in their interview, or if something far worse had happened.  
A sharp pain in Gabriel’s hand distracted him, forced him to look away from the computer monitor.  He had been unconsciously gripping the desk with such pressure that the flimsy corrugated wood began to splinter and had speared his hand with one of its jagged shards.  He glanced down and noticed that a rivulet of red trickled from his hand.  His hand smarted and bled, but he ignored it.  He did not waste time dwelling on his bloodied hand, a more important matter pressed.  He needed to read on.
Gabriel frantically scrolled through the archive, traveling back in time farther and farther until he reached November of that year.  He scanned several articles frantically searching for one in particular.  He stopped when he found the article concerning the ambulance explosion the day he left in late November.  The article stated that the bodies of two paramedics had been recovered.  Though burned beyond visual identification, their dental records had indicated that they were Robert Hernandez and Joseph McCauley.  The body of the unidentified patient they had been transporting had never been recovered; he had been presumed dead.  
The details of the patient’s condition were topped by the sensational nature of the accident, and as a footnote, the piece commented on the lives, careers and contributions of the paramedics.  Gabriel did not need to read the name of the patient in the ambulance that exploded.  He knew it had been Eugene, that it had not been a coincidence his body had never been found and that the drivers were dead.  He had always assumed that Terzini had been responsible for the accident, that he had taken Eugene’s body to conceal his research.  He just never understood how such a feat had been possible, and why two men had had to die in the process.  If Terzini had been capable of taking Eugene’s body, then he would have been capable of finding a way to take Kevin, Chris and John’s bodies as well.
Staring at the article from November, nothing made sense in his mind. The timeline, the ambulance explosion, the disappearance of the patient, the return of Kevin and his friends, nothing added up.  Melissa’s safety could no longer be guaranteed.  She was in danger.  
Trembling with rage, he rose from his workstation and tapped Yoshi’s shoulder.  Yoshi removed his headphones and turned to face Gabriel.  His eyes registered understanding in them.
“Melissa is in danger, I need to go,” Gabriel said levelly.
“We will go then,” Yoshi said. 
“You’re not going with me to America.”
“You’re not going without me.  You’ll need all the help you can get.  I just need to tell my family.”
“There is no time to return and tell your family, Yoshi.  I have to leave now.” 
“I see,” Yoshi stated solemnly and hesitated.  
“You go back.  Go be with your family.  This is not your fight, Yoshi.”
“If it is your fight, then it is mine as well.”
“No Yoshi.  This is not a sparring match.  This is real.  There is a good chance you will never return here alive. You have a family who needs you.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Yoshi attempted sarcasm.  “As you are well aware, I am a much better fighter than you.  I trained you, remember.  So I’ll come back to Motuo County when I’m ready.  Furthermore, you will not be risking my life.  I’m going with you because you need my help and we are brothers.”
“Yoshi, that’s nice but,” Gabriel began.
“But nothing,” Yoshi interrupted. “And don’t go getting all misty-eyed on me, Mrs. James.  I said I’m going, so I’m going.  End of discussion.  We’ll go to America and end this once and for all.  Then you can show me the skyscrapers and roads paved in gold as planned.”
“Fine, but we need to leave now.”


Chapter 9

Eugene opened his eyes but saw nothing, just a murky film shrouding his field of vision.  He blinked to clear the coating and discovered his efforts were ineffective, useless.  Blinded, he began to panic, tried to breathe but felt his mouth fill with coagulated matter.  He immediately sought to move his arms, but his movement was met with resistance, with density.  His limbs pushed against a thick substance.  Thicker than water, the fluid he was suspended in was viscous but parted with little exertion on his behalf.  As soon as he realized he could easily move against it, that his strength was sufficient to do so, he brought his hands to his chest where he remembered bloodied chasms to be.  There were none.  His body was intact.
Rage immediately washed over Eugene, drowned him.  Instantaneous images flashed in his mind’s eye. Vivid memories began rushing back.  Gabriel’s face appeared over and over, flooding him with anger so pure, so unadulterated, he struggled to name it, doubted he had ever experienced it before.  Tremors racked his body uncontrollably.  He made no effort to resist them, or restrain them.
Gabriel James, his maker’s beloved creation, had shot him in Melissa Martin’s home.  He remembered feeling the bullets blast against his skin, exploding into his flesh.  He fought and clung to life, determined to complete the coveted task of murdering Gabriel.  He had not accomplished that which Terzini had expected of him.  He had failed.
Eugene felt his blood race through his veins fueled by vitriol and thunder in his ears.  Failure was foreign to him, unheard of.  Sightless and breathless, he thrashed and flailed, felt metal walls all around him. Balling his massive fists, he found a hard, slightly rounded surface and began pounding.  He struck and hammered until he felt it buckle beneath his might.  The harder he hit the more incensed he became.  He kicked and punched until he felt the walls around him yield.
As the structure of his containment surrendered, a light unexpectedly appeared.  A crescent shaped sliver appeared at first, then the brightness grew quickly and the gelatinous substance began to drain.
He gasped for breath, ravenously inhaling oxygen as a bespectacled face appeared before his. 
Helmeted with thick, black hair, the face was haggard but recognizable: Dr. Franklin Terzini.
“Hello Eugene,” his maker said.
“Where am I?” Eugene demanded.
“You’re safe. Don’t worry.”
“Where am I?” Eugene growled.
“You’re in California, the land of eternal sunshine. And it would behoove you to calm down. You do not want to destroy the very equipment that has kept you alive the last five months, do you?”
Eugene fought to calm himself, to harness the tempestuous ire he felt bubbling within him.  He looked around and recognized his surroundings.  He was situated in a large, steel tubular container identical to the one that facilitated his initial development.  The thick, milky fluid that had just drained was an augmented version of amniotic fluid Dr. Terzini had created. 
“Kept me alive? I wasn’t dead?” Eugene heard himself ask incredulously.
“No, Eugene. You almost died,” Terzini began. “And to think, Gabriel, along with the help of a few lowly human beings, nearly killed you.  It’s hard to believe, I know,” Terzini goaded. 
His maker shook his head from side to side in exaggerated dissatisfaction before adding, “So disappointing.  I expected so much more from you, Eugene.”
Eugene felt the venom seethe within him and threaten to brim.  He exercised the modicum of restraint he possessed and reined in the compelling urge to resume pounding his enormous fists against the cylinder, pummel it until it collapsed, surrendered to his will.  His breathing became short and shallow again.  He strove to regulate it, to conceal from Terzini the burning hate he experienced unceasingly.
“Relax, Eugene, I’ll have you out of there in a few moments; just be patient.  I know it’s tight in there,” Terzini coached.
 It was evident his maker mistook his anger for physical discomfort with confinement.  Eugene relaxed marginally.
“Fortunately, I was able to save you before you were hauled off to some inferior hospital only to be treated by an incompetent, sleep-deprived intern.”
“How did you do it?” Eugene asked.
Terzini was deep in thought, thinking out loud. 
“I suppose I could have let you go.  I am certain you would have died.  But then I would have been forced to start over–the creation process, the training, the education–it would have taken so much time.  This way was not nearly as neat, but easier nevertheless.”
“I’ve been in here for five months?” Eugene questioned.
“Yes, Eugene.  You spent five months submerged in the highest quality amniotic fluid I have ever fashioned.  I had to tailor it to your specific needs.  You required greater amounts of growth hormone for healing those nasty wounds Gabriel and his little friends caused,” Terzini pushed.
“I will deal with them,” Eugene promised.
“Yes, yes, Eugene. I’ve heard that from you before.  Of course, if you had dealt with them as I asked you to, this never would have happened.  We wouldn’t be having this discussion,” Terzini reminded him.
Eugene felt his rage mingle with a new emotion: shame.  It wasn’t enough that Gabriel had been the one chosen to transform humanity, now he had succeeded in disgracing him as well.  He inhaled deeply to push back his rising bile, instantly shaking off the fleeting feelings of indignity and replacing it with rancor. 
“Yes, Dr. Terzini, you’re right.  If I had killed Gabriel and Melissa as planned, this would not have happened,” Eugene agreed and gestured to his surroundings. 
“Well, as long as we understand each other,” Terzini said levelly.  “Let’s get you out of there.”
Eugene watched as Dr. Terzini began turning a large, steel wheel affixed to the cistern.  Little by little, the reservoir opened lengthwise.   When it had parted sufficiently, Eugene swung his legs out and placed his feet on the concrete floor below.  He leaned forward to stand and was shocked to discover that his lower half was capable of bearing the totality of his weight.  His knees did not collapse, his ankles did not crumple.  His legs felt strong and sturdy. 
“You seem fine, Eugene.  How do you feel?” Terzini asked.
“I am myself.”
“Do you feel any weakness at all, or dizziness?”
“No.  I feel strong, stronger than ever,” Eugene replied as he stretched and flexed his formidable arms.
“Excellent, I have a plan that will allow you to redeem yourself, Eugene; a plan that would give you the opportunity to dispose of Gabriel once and for all.”
“I’m listening.”
“I have reproduced Kevin Anderson, Chris Mace and John DeNardi, the three boys you murdered in the woods in Harbingers Falls.”
Eugene was careful to keep his facial expression neutral despite the outrage and incredulity he experienced.  He could not fathom a suitable explanation for time spent, resources, and above all, the remarkable talent of his maker, expended to recreate three contemptible teenage humans.  He tensed every muscle in his face in an effort to abstain from twisting it into a mask of rage.  
Through taught lips he asked, “Why would you do that?”
“Are you questioning me Eugene?”
He felt as though he would explode.  Though it went against the indoctrination of his maker, instilled at his inception, Eugene bristled at the condescension in Terzini’s voice, the arrogant and accusatory tone.   But he knew he needed to guard his resentment and judiciously choose his words as well as his own tone of voice.  He could not risk inflaming his maker; he could not risk termination.
“No, I’m merely wondering the reason for resurrecting three useless humans.”
“There is a reason for everything I do, as you very well know.  Gabriel has threatened to expose me if any harm comes to his pathetic little girlfriend.  To ensure her safety he has left her and moved to some unknown location.  I have recreated the three teenagers and sent them back to Harbingers Falls. Their return will get Gabriel’s attention, wherever he’s hiding and draw him back.  After all, he believes that they are dead, and will suspect that I have a hand in it.  When he returns to protect her, you will be there and kill them both.  Afterward, you will also need to dispose of the three clones; we cannot leave any loose ends.”
“I won’t disappoint you again.” Eugene stated.  The explanation had pleased him by offering opportunity to do what he did best, to kill.  Excitement replaced offense.  He found himself barely able to contain his eagerness at the prospect of murdering Gabriel and Melissa, as well as the three re-creations.
“You will need to be careful; I have augmented their physical prowess and implemented a new method I’ve been working on.  They were infused intravenously during their development in the tank with various hormone combinations to heighten their fast-twitch responses and muscle tissue production.  The serum acts as a cleaner, more sophisticated anabolic steroid.”
“So they will be stronger and faster than normal humans?” Eugene asked carefully concealing that the added challenge excited him further
“Yes, Eugene, they will, I thought it was important that if they had the opportunity to dispose of Gabriel themselves they would not find themselves at a disadvantage and fail.  There appears to be a problem though, the boys seemed far more motivated than I expected.  I am extremely concerned about their mental stability.  Identically cloning ordinary humans without improving their mental capacity is not something I have ever had reason to experiment with.  Until now it would have been a waste of time, my objective as you know has always been to improve mankind, not recreate its flawed beings.  I’m concerned that their newfound strength and agility, combined with their fragile mental state could prove problematic.  The sooner you return to Harbingers Falls to monitor the situation, the better.”
“So the plan is for me to babysit three teenage boys, and wait for Gabriel?”
“You can think of it any way you like, though given your recent performance, babysitting would not be an unsuitable assignment for you.”
Eugene stared angrily at Terzini; the insults were becoming increasingly difficult to endure and threatened to edge out his growing anticipation of sanctioned murder.  Terzini seemed determined to test his innate inability to lash out at his maker verbally or physically.  His makers words incensed him despite the truth they maintained, Eugene had failed him.
 “I will complete my task this time, Dr. Terzini. You have my word,” Eugene promised.
“You had better, Eugene. I will not tolerate failure a second time,” Terzini concluded and began walking toward a reinforced door that led outside.  The clacking of his heeled dress shoes stopped abruptly as he paused and looked over his shoulder to add, “There is a Hummer in the garage.  I would leave for Harbingers Falls as soon as possible if I were you.”
His comment was not a suggestion, it was an order.  Eugene immediately moved to an empty computer workstation and began searching for the most direct route from California to Harbingers Falls. 

Chapter 10

The weekend had passed fast, faster than Melissa would have liked.  She had not been in a hurry to return to school, had not been looking forward to seeing Kevin, John and Chris roaming the halls of Harbingers High School once again.  It had begun on Friday afternoon with an unexpected and unpleasant visit from Officer Miller.  That visit, combined with the anticipation leading up to a party at a classmate’s house, had thoroughly unnerved her and set an unfortunate tone for the remaining two days before a new school week began. 
Friday night had been spent with Alexandra and Daniella at Greg’s party avoiding any form of interaction with Kevin, John and Chris.  Eric had rejoined them as soon as they’d arrived.  Just as Kevin’s many other followers aligned with him, Eric, also resumed his role as the fourth in their nasty quartet. 
She noticed how their arrival at Greg’s house generated a commotion similar to a famous boy band arriving on a red carpet.  Everyone seemed intent upon making some form of contact with them.  Wide-eyed and adoring, her classmates approached Kevin and his crew with awe and admiration that was as unnerving as it was nauseating.  She watched as the foursome set about chatting and socializing with their adoring peers.
Kevin and his group had immediately established their presence, confirmed their authority.   They worked the party, doing nothing short of signing autographs; they shook hands, fist-pounded and high-fived their way through the crowds.  To avoid contact with them, Melissa would shepherd Daniella and Alexandra to another room just as Kevin, John, Chris and Eric moved into a room with their followers in tow.  Each time she glanced in their direction to signal it was time to leave, Eric’s eyes had met hers. 
He’d stared at her with intensity she had found truly disconcerting.  She did not bother to tell her friends, make them aware of her discomfort and desire to leave.  She didn’t want to ruin their evening. She simply continued to find excuses to leave every room they entered. 
As a result, the evening unfolded like an elaborate game of hide-and-seek, only she experienced no form enjoyment in playing as she assumed the role of the player who was continually pursued.  In fact, she recalled that hunted felt like a far more appropriate word for what had occurred.
Each moment she had spent narrowly escaping a confrontation with Kevin and his friends had crept at a cruel and sluggish pace.  Petty and pigheaded, time had refused to comply with her fevered need to leave. 
When finally the moment did arrive and Melissa had left the party, she’d felt as though she’d been liberated from imprisonment.  She nearly danced out of the front door smiling, until she caught a glimpse of a familiar set of eyes boring through the void in her direction.  As she met Eric’s gaze, she sensed something more than whatever concentrated emotion he sought to psychically direct toward her.  There was genuine urgency in his stare, desperation even.
Melissa could only speculate about what encouraged such intensity, especially since Eric had all but vanished after Kevin, Chris and John’s disappearance, once his friends were no longer staples of everyday life at Harbinger High School.  He had vanished, more completely than even she had, into the backdrop of the student population.  He hadn’t spoken to her or so much as looked her way in quite some time.
After months of silence, Eric seemed to reappear as if resurrected from the bottomless depths of obscurity he’d concealed himself in.  Melissa found it curious how he appeared from the oblivion reenergized, readied, and oddly intent upon her.  He immediately fell in step with Kevin, Chris and John as if he, too, returned from the dead. 
For five months, she had enjoyed his absence.  It had made her life slightly more tolerable in the wake of all that had happened.  But with his return, unrest resumed.
On Friday night, he stepped out from the shadows he’d hidden in and made plain his latent feelings toward her.  He had glowered so intensely, unsettlingly, Melissa felt the need to avoid him altogether.  She couldn’t quite place the look he wore on his face, was reluctant to name it, though she’d had a fair guess at what likely fueled it.  At the party, she’d wondered whether it was an inherent need to complete unfinished business between them, and whether Kevin, Chis and John’s return prompted Eric’s newfound boldness.  After all, without the support of his friends, he hadn’t had the protection and motivation necessary to seek retribution. 
As Melissa stood in the hallway of Harbingers High School and briefly relived the lowlights of her weekend, Eric’s eyes continued to haunt her.  Many questions arose in her mind.  Was he sorry for what he had done?  She highly doubted he was.  Was it pure malevolence she saw in his eyes?  She deemed that far more plausible.  She guessed his focus on her was born of anger, of hatred, and that he intended to complete whatever torturous payback he felt she deserved.  She would likely bypass social purgatory altogether and be cast into social hell instead, unless he was planning something far worse.
A shiver slithered down the length of Melissa’s spine before she opened her locker and began collecting her textbooks.  As she fumbled with her belongings, she heard footsteps approach.  They advanced quickly, with purpose.  She immediately worried that whoever advanced was doing so hurriedly, to surprise her and catch her off-guard. 
Her heart began to race and a familiar sense of dread filled her.  She quickly stuffed her books in her backpack and slammed her locker shut.  She turned, fully prepared to square off with the hasty individual who was within her reach.  She looked up, dizzied by anxiety with vision partly blurred by eyes moistened from concern only to see Alexandra standing before her.
“Ugh, I have trapped gas,” Alexandra complained as she patted her chest and screwed up her exquisite features.  “That’s the last time I’m getting a breakfast burrito.”
Relief washed over Melissa like rain on a hot summer day.  She relaxed, found herself smiling and shaking her head. 
“You said that last time,” Melissa reminded. “And the time before that. And the time before that one as well.”
“All right, all right! I get it.  Save the lecture!  I’m in pain here.  Who cares if I get another one ever again?”
“Um, you should.  But that’s just a guess,” Melissa said jokingly.
Alexandra belched loudly.
“Ah, finally,” she said, relief lacing her words. “Whoa. I feel so much better now.”
“Okay. Glad to hear it. By the way, where’s Daniella?” she asked.
“Daniella said she’d catch up with us later,” Alexandra replied.
Before Melissa was able to ask another question, Eric rushed toward her, his face etched in stone.  With his jaw set, his brow furrowed and his lips pressed to a line that bordered on frowning, Melissa braced for hostile words.  The closer he loomed, the more terrified she became.
“What the hell is his problem?” Alexandra asked, not realizing he was looking directly at Melissa.
“I’m not sure, but I think it has something to do with me.”
“The fuck it does!  You’re not going through this shit anymore,” Alexandra said heatedly.
Eric was upon them, his posture tense, threatening.
“Melissa, I need to talk to you,” he said tersely.
“Get the hell out of here, Eric,” Alexandra spat.
He did not turn to look at Alexandra, did not even respond.  He behaved as though he did not hear her.
“Please Melissa, I need to speak with you; alone.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Eric,” Melissa heard herself say as her legs threatened to give way beneath her.
“You don’t understand. It’s not like that,” Eric stressed.
“Not like what, Eric?  Not like you’re gonna tackle her in the woods?  Or slap her?” Alexandra hissed.
Melissa opened her mouth to speak, but the words were lost on her lips when she looked up to see Kevin rounding the corner, with Chris and John flanking him, headed straight toward her.
Suddenly, her heart thundered in her ears, racing dangerously.  Her stomach churned violently, her breakfast in danger of expulsion. Shaking and nauseated, Melissa stepped back and began to turn from Kevin.
“Where are you going in such a hurry, Melissa?” Kevin taunted and smiled revealing the singular indent in his right cheek.
“I would hate to think you’re leaving because of me,” he continued.
“Let’s get out of here,” Alexandra urged tugging at Melissa.
“She’s a big girl, Alex. Let her fight her own battles,” Kevin ordered.
Melissa leaned back and whispered to Alexandra, “Go get Arlene. Hurry.”
Arlene Cardwell, a retired corrections officer and current hall monitor, was a no-nonsense enforcer of the rules. And she was not a fan of Kevin Anderson, living or dead. 
“I’ll be back with help,” Alexandra promised.  “This bullshit is not starting again.”
Melissa pushed forward.
“I’d love to stay and chat Kevin, but I have to get to class,” she attempted.
“Not so fast, bitch,” he spat.  “We’re not finished here. In fact, we haven’t even begun.”
“And what exactly does that mean?” she asked, though she feared she already knew the answer.
“It means now that we’re back, things are going to be bad for you; unimaginably bad.”
“What?” she asked incredulously as she felt the world spin on its axis.
“And soon, your little pretty boy will be back to save you and we’re gonna finish him off.”
“No, no, no,” she heard herself say.
“Oh yes.  And when we’re finished with him, we’ll have plenty of time to entertain ourselves with you,” he said and licked his lips.  And then he leaned toward her and whispered with his lips nearly touching her ear, “When the three us finish having our fun with you, were finally going to fucking kill you.”
Melissa did not remember fainting.  She did not remember dropping her bag or hitting the cold, hard floor.  She recalled seeing Kevin Anderson’s face haloed by the florescent overhead lighting, his sandy blond hair, expertly styled as usual, his deep brown eyes generously fringed with dark blond lashes and his gleaming white teeth.  She recounted how contradictory it seemed, how incongruous it was, that he should retain such an innocent, angelic appearance while he spewed such venomous words.  His full lips stretched across his bleached teeth seemed out of place, as inappropriate as a Ken doll manufactured as Jack the Ripper.  His exterior was not representative of his interior.  That was the last coherent thought she had before the world took on a nightmarish quality, eddying and swirling in a dizzying whirl of sounds and colors;  And then, darkness.

Chapter 11

Eugene drove along the endless stretch of highway, oblivious of the monotony of travel, until an urge to kill awakened him from his slumberous state.  Five months of inactivity had left him with a vague sense of fogginess, of digression from his true purpose.  He was hesitant to precisely place what he was experiencing, but was relieved by the wonted and easily identifiable impulse to murder.
No matter how strong the need to kill pressed, however, the unnamed feeling pressed as well.  It inflamed him beyond explanation to reflect upon sensations that stirred within him beyond his yearning for bloodshed.  Possessing emotion was a useless attribute unique to humans; he deemed pondering emotions more futile than humans themselves, as well as being an activity overindulged in.  Nevertheless, for the purpose of identification, Eugene considered the feeling that threatened to ruin the realization of his hateful reverie.
As he did so, he reached a shocking conclusion.  The sensation he was experiencing was self-doubt.  Designed free of the burden of emotion, he resisted the revelation at first, refused to concede to such a pedestrian sentiment.  After all, a superior being like him did not feel anything profoundly beyond hate, least of all insecurity.  In the interest of preserving the perfection of his single-emotion capacity he decided that insecurity threatened to hinder his potential performance and warranted immediate examination.  He scrutinized the events before his five-month hiatus and immediately identified the culprit of his uncertainty: Gabriel.
Gabriel James, the ever-present thorn in his side, was the reason he doubted himself.  Gabriel had surprised him with his girlfriend, Melissa, who had unexpectedly made violent use of a kitchen knife, and her shotgun-wielding father.  Both of them had joined forces with his nemesis and coordinated an attack.  Neither Gabriel nor the pair of humans was capable of defeating him on their own.  They had needed to arm themselves and unite to even pose a challenge.  They had gotten lucky. 
Eugene allowed a bitter chuckle to escape him, found the pathetic trio’s victory unimpressive, laughable.  Though their uninspiring conquest was just that, it had succeeded in putting him out of commission for an unacceptably long period of time.  Being confined to a steel creation tank, unable to do what he excelled at, for five long months had caused him to question his abilities.  He worried his razor-sharp skills had been dulled.  Fretting over his aptitude was unacceptable and a waste of time, time that needed to be spent gaining ground and getting closer to Gabriel.
He determined that the best way to remedy needless worry was to reassure himself of his unique talent. He needed to prove to himself that he could perform at the same stratospheric level he’d always maintained.  He needed to kill, soon, to confirm his competence. 
Healing in his maker’s augmented version of amniotic fluid had served its purpose; he felt strong, but unmotivated until the present.
A fresh wave of wrath surged through him.  He would kill again and redeem himself.  He would kill Gabriel and Melissa, of that he was certain.  But in the meantime, a practice exercise designed to sharpen his skill and bolster his confidence was necessary.  A training drill involving multiple murders would serve both purposes. 
Under normal circumstances, unsanctioned murder was forbidden by his maker.  Eugene seldom disobeyed his maker’s edicts.  However, the nature of his predicament demanded revision to the rules in place, they demanded defiance.  Continuous training had been an integral part of his development and remained a crucial component in maintaining his advantage over humanity.  His DNA necessitated that he engage in regular hunting; therefore killing without orders from Terzini could not be considered wrong given the circumstances.  His unofficial drill was an essential step in readying himself for his most important task: killing Gabriel and Melissa. 
Of course, he would not allow himself to diverge from his most momentous undertaking.  His mission would remain on schedule.  He would merely prepare along the way.
Anticipation overcame Eugene.  He felt obliged to answer the call to kill; he needed to act and immediately formulated a plan.  Months of rejuvenation had left him with a thirst that needed to be satiated; he hadn’t realized its urgency until the root cause of his lethargy was identified.
Behind the wheel of his behemoth Hummer H1 Alpha, a violent tremor racked his body.  His grip on the steering wheel tightened as the wrath he longed for finally simmered and smoldered within.  Indecision melted away and rage replaced it.  He had many miles to travel before reaching Harbingers Falls and knew that such a distance would be impossible to close if he did not kill.  The intrinsic need to pursue and conquer prey was woven into the fabric of his being; carnage was more than a simple desire for him.  It beckoned him like a lustful lover and did not dismiss him until its need was met.  
Gripped by bloodlust, he pulled off the highway at the next exit and searched for a residential neighborhood.  He pulled his laptop computer from the backseat and accessed the Internet.  He started searching for criminal activity between his current location and Harbingers Falls. He sought criminal activity in surrounding states, specifically those where the suspects or assailants had been identified in some way.  He planned to target criminals because of their ineffectual function in society; the police would not bother wasting a tremendous amount of time or taxpayer dollars searching for their slayer.  They would likely assume the deaths of delinquents as retaliatory, a drug deal gone awry or revenge for wrongdoings.  Regardless, he was confident he would be doing the state a service by disposing of its offenders. 
As he perused various sites concerning useless factions of equally useless humans, he happened upon a particularly active and misguided group responsible for several incidents in the neighboring state of Pennsylvania.  They called themselves white supremacists, a term he deemed positively absurd.  The basic tenets of their membership stated that they expressly believed they were superior to all others racial and religious groups and therefore entitled to dominate them. 
As he narrowed his search, he learned that a local chapter of the neo-Nazi group had been orchestrating violent attacks on people who possessed deeper shades of pigmentation than themselves and those who worshipped differently.  Eugene decided he would visit one of their local haunts.  In fact, he needed to do so.  No one would miss the bigoted miscreants, not even their kin who they likely sought to copulate with in order to preserve what they believed to be their true Aryan bloodlines. 
Eugene felt the corners of his mouth twist, bearing his lethally pointed incisors.  He pulled them downward and suppressed a grimace that would likely startle fragile-minded and easily frightened humans. 
He focused his thoughts instead on slaughtering the beings who proudly assumed membership in an elitist club.  He thought about the irony contained within such membership, how such lowly creatures could actually believe themselves better than others.  No one particular group within the set of humanity could boast bragging rights; they were all inferior beings.
Anticipation swelled within him.  He began to tremble, barely able to contain his agitation, his eagerness. He would find a motel and rest for the afternoon before his training exercise would begin that evening at a known hangout of the neo-Nazi gang that was believed responsible for many of the violent crimes committed in their neighborhood.
He started his car and pulled out of concealment then proceeded down the tree-lined lane.  He crossed several similar streets until he reached a main thoroughfare.  He continued until he found a shabby-looking, no-name motel with two cars parked in front.  He quickly turned in to the lot, climbed out of his vehicle and entered the motel office.
After a brief encounter with an elderly man wearing the thickest eyeglass lenses he’d ever seen, Eugene procured a room at the far corner of the L-shaped outfit.  He visited the vending machine and bought two sandwiches with questionable-looking meat and cheese inside and two colas before retiring to his room.  He needed to rest before his much-anticipated pursuit commenced.  And according to his research, he would be pursuing quarry accustomed to violence.
His insides trilled at the thought of toying with adversaries familiarized with brutality and savagery.  They made for a more interesting experience.  Though his aggression invariably trumped theirs with ease, it was still far more exciting when victims offered a fight.
He wrestled the urge to leave without delay and murder them in broad daylight, but reconsidered the ramifications of such actions.  Terzini would be less than pleased. Instead, he ate his sandwiches and drank his colas and soothed himself into a vitriol-filled trance for the next four hours. 
Once the sun had set and the earth was blanketed in darkness, he roused himself from his meditation and prepared for his expedition.
Chapter 12

The faceless man had begun his journey, but hadn’t progressed in several days.  His attention had been diverted.  He had been watching someone of particular interest to him.
He had found her by accident.  Wandering through a wooded area on the outskirts of a small town in Pennsylvania, he had heard a sweet, melodious voice.  He had never heard a sound so inviting, so enchanting.  Drawn to it, he had felt compelled to follow it, to find the source of the captivating sound. 
And he did.
As he expertly navigated a labyrinth of low-growing weeds and bramble, the voice began to sing a song about a farmer who had a dog unfortunately named Bingo.  He had never heard such a song but was mesmerized by it.  He had been so enthralled by the lyrics and intonation that the underbrush chafing at the delicate skin of his legs was numbed.
Once he had arrived at a clearing, the sight he had beheld left him breathless.
He was greeted by a field of plastic and metal arranged interestingly in an array of primary colors. Brightly painted and gleaming, each piece of equipment looked inviting.  Chutes, some curved and some straight, sloped down from ladders in a variety of heights.  U-shaped slabs of brilliant rubber dangled from chains enveloped in rubber tubing.  Miniature horses and rocket ships wobbled precariously from large springs that emerged from the grass like bouncy blossoms. 
The faceless man had felt excitement well up inside of him, brimming and teeming like carbonated bubbles.  At that moment, he had wanted nothing more than to climb over the short, chain-linked fence that separated him from the colorful wonderland and discover the purpose of each piece of apparatus.
Just as he had raised a formidable foot to the top of the fence, movement beyond the playground had halted him.  He had remained perfectly still, had waited to see what stirred. 
And then he saw her.
Bathed in the ethereal glow of dusk, she had emerged from a haloed door and floated across a small patch of grass to a network of ropes held together by a pulley.  She had held in her hands a large, rectangular piece of paper with over a dozen brightly colored handprints on it and began to affix it with clothespins. Once the paper had been properly hung, she stepped back to admire the shiny marks.
The faceless man had gasped then struggled to exhale, sheer delight held him captive, spellbound, as her lips spread slightly at first, then so much so that her cheeks formed near-perfect circles on either side of her face.  He had found her breathtaking.
Much smaller in stature than he with thin, fragile-looking limbs, she had light blonde hair that was cropped closely to the nape of her neck and at the sides.  The top hung like flaxen veils across her forehead and framed her elfin features, each tiny and refined, save for her eyes.  Her eyes were pools of deep brown.  Striking and large and fringed generously with long lashes, they penetrated the growing darkness and were unmistakable despite the onset of twilight.  They had peered into the early evening as if they had looked right at him.  He had imagined that her eyes held him briefly; that she looked directly at him, even though he knew she had gazed at some distant point beyond him, before she returned her focus to the hodgepodge of prints hanging from cording.  Then she had turned and reentered the lighted building.
The faceless man had known then that he would have to see her again.
Each day since, he had returned to that same spot in the woods behind Sunbeams Nursery School and watched her.  He had risked exposure by lurking in the daylight hours rather than sleeping.  But sleep had evaded him.  His mind had refused to rest.  He had needed to see her.  His need supplanted whatever jeopardy he placed himself in.
He had spent each of the last three days watching as she shepherded a dozen children from the building to the outdoor play area.  He had observed her delight at their enjoyment.  They would run and frolic in the warm sunshine of early spring chasing butterflies or picking flowers.  She had read them stories and sang songs with them.  She had never yelled at them or shrieked.  She had not beaten them nor had she attacked them.  In fact, her actions had been tender and affectionate, gentle.  She was the epitome of kindness.
He had known from observation that the spritely, doe-eyed woman was incapable of meanness.  He had been certain of it.  So sure was he that on the fifth day of surveillance, a rainy day, he had become emboldened by confidence and ambled up to a window of the building.  He had crouched in a clustering of tall shrubs and afforded himself a closer view.  The pane had been raised to allow fresh air to circulate. Fortunately for him, it also awarded him the privilege of hearing her voice. 
He had listened and stared intently through the opened window as a situation arose.  A boy had unexpectedly erupted after being given instructions to sit in his seat for a midmorning snack.  He had refused to comply with her instructions.  He had begun to flail his arms erratically, shouting and crying simultaneously.  One of the boy’s arms had even struck her in her porcelain cheek as he flapped and floundered. 
The faceless man had been frightened by the boy’s outburst and had been positive she would have to strike him for being so mean to her.  To his shock, she had not struck him back.  Instead, she had done something rather odd.  She had squatted down beside him, opened her arms and embraced him tenderly.
The boy had been soothed instantly.  She had held him in her arms for what seemed like an eternity before holding him at arm’s length from her and using the back of her hand to brush away tears that remained on his face.
Mollified, the boy had begun to comply with her original request that he be seated and consume the nutritious snack she had offered him.
From the interaction he had witnessed between the little boy and the elfin angel, the faceless man had received all the proof he would need; he had known she was incapable of cruelty.  To be doubly sure, though, he had decided he would wait until sunset and follow her home.  After all, a person did not pretend at home.  He had not wanted to risk being hurt by yet another unkind, malicious human.  He had required one last piece of reassurance before he would offer himself to her.
He had resolved to observe her one last time, in the comfort of her domestic habitat, before forging what he perceived as the beginning of a lifelong friendship.
That night, after the children had left, tables had been sanitized and chairs had been upturned upon them, she had locked the doors and exited the building.  The sun had just retreated into the horizon line in brilliant shades deep orange and salmon to darkening breadths of violet sky.  The surrounding woods had been blanketed in cyan shadows.  He had waited in the obscurity for her to begin her voyage home. Shockingly, she had not traveled to the adjacent parking lot rather, she began walking.  Such a gesture had further supported his belief in her goodness; only a truly conscientious human being would elect to employ her natural machination as opposed to a pollution–peppering automobile to move about the planet.  He had been impressed.
He had followed her, allowed her to gain a considerable head-start before he shuffled, at an inhumanly swift pace, after her to her house only a few blocks away.
Cloaked in shadows, he had watched her from her window, had seen that she lived alone.  From such an intimate vantage point, he had been able to scrutinize her every move, her behaviors when no one was watching.  She had been so peaceful, so serene, radiating light and love curled up on her couch with a book in her hands, he had contemplated stepping up to the front door and showing himself  to her in that moment.  But doubt had prevailed.  And he skulked away unable to muster the courage to meet her.
The world had wearied him, jaded him.
He had left her house and scrambled to his retreat in the woods beyond Sunbeams Nursery School confident that rest would reveal the self-assurance he sought. 
After another day of watching and waiting in the misty shadows beyond the windows of her classroom, the faceless man had felt buoyed.  He had not been able to fully comprehend why exactly he had felt as such; he simply knew he would meet her in the hours forthcoming.
A fine mist of rain was falling.  The air was thick and humid.  He decided he would rest before their first official meeting and stepped from his bush-covered crevice of the school and dashed across the play area to his lair beyond the chain-link fence.
Resting against a sycamore with his knees drawn to his chest, the faceless man tried to close his sparsely lidded eyes and induce sleep.  As he rested, he could hear her mellifluous cadence.  Thanks to his superior hearing, her voice sounded as clear and strong as it would if she were standing before him.  The sound should have soothed him.  But it did not.  Relaxation and sleep eluded him.  Instead of drowsiness, he felt a rush of anticipation.  It abounded inside him crowding out any lingering feeling of doubt and despair. Suddenly restless, sleep no longer felt necessary.  He needed to move, to stretch his legs while he contemplated the dawn of a new phase of his short existence.  He would go to her the next day and make plain his desire for friendship.  He was certain she would be kind to him, embrace him as she did her students.  She would accept him as no one else ever had. 
He rose to his feet and began to walk, optimism encouraging his every step.  He did not intend to go anywhere in particular he just needed to put his nervous energy to use.  He would never rest if he did not exhaust the seemingly indefatigable enthusiasm within him.
He wandered deeper and deeper into the more heavily forested territory beyond his hideout.  Fog blanketed the woods, clinging to branches overhead and adhering to intertwined vines that crept with serpentine stealth from the forest floor up trunks until they extended sinuously and wrapped themselves in a helix formation around boughs.  The farther he moved into the woodland, the more challenging walking became as creepers reached from underfoot in a brazen attempt to topple him and dense vapor sought to disorient him.
The faceless man refused to be deterred by his surroundings on the eve of the most momentous day of his life.  He continued, instead, through milky condensation until he arrived at a familiar location.  Crossing the threshold of the woods, he stepped down on pavement.  And there it was.
Her house stood alone at the end of a narrow lane of cracked blacktop flanked by massive cedars.  The limbs of the cedar trees drooped as if carrying the fog as they would the weight of wet snow.   Their appearance gave the impression of majestic mustached watchmen guarding the neighborhood.  They stared out sightlessly through an intimidating network of needles, as if poised to dispatch their prickly spines at the first sign of an intruder.
The sightless sentinels ignored the faceless man as he passed, however.  Nettles were never hurled at him as he proceeded toward her home.
He was vigilant as he passed neighboring homes.  He watched for people milling about but there were none, just him, and pale shapes of curdled mist that pressed to casement windows, gazing in like peeping toms, deciding whether the inhabitants were conducive to their spying.
With a dormered roof, cedar-shingle walls, trumpet vines espaliered along the roof line and an ivy-covered porte-cochere, the cottage could have easily been replicated from a storybook and constructed to full-scale by a talented architect and construction crew.  The cottage was a striking contrast to the colder, more modern homes on her block.  But they lacked charm and whimsy.  Her home seemed as unique and special as she was.
As he drew closer, he saw that a cheerful light glimmered and twinkled along the beveled edges of the diamond-shaped pane of glass on her front door, as though a person of magical power resided within.  He knew she was not home, that the light was a ruse for wayward intruders, and stepped onto her property. 
He walked under the plant-covered awning that preceded her front steps and briefly imagined a horse-drawn carriage would have suited the fairytale appeal of her home before he moved up the treads and, using a spare key he found beneath a ceramic frog found on his last visit, opened her front door.
Nothing had changed since he last viewed her there.  Furniture had not been moved, decorations had not been replaced.  He listened intently for the sound of stirring from within the dwelling. When certain that it was, in fact, temporarily vacant, he breathed deeply, inhaling the fragrant aroma that infused the air. He detected a faint scent of lavender and vanilla.  The perfume was spellbinding, inviting.
He began searching a stack of papers spread haphazardly on a table in the entryway.  Each article was addressed to Lisa Evans.  He found the unearthing of her mail to be a most fortuitous and beneficial discovery as friendship would best be forged if he knew her name.  Though he could neither speak her name nor share his own as he was incapable of speech and remained unnamed, knowing her name made him feel more acquainted with her, closer to her, like a friend.  
Thrilled with his newly acquired information, the faceless man felt readied to meet Lisa Evans in moments rather than hours.  He decided to wait until she arrived, refused to allow the passage of time to wither his confidence.
He seated himself on her floral-printed sofa and eagerly anticipated her arrival.
And as if the karmic powers of the world had conspired to right the many wrongs perpetrated against him since his creation, a sound at the front door fostered his hope and indicated that his new friend was home.  He waited until she entered and hung her slicker on a hook in the foyer before he rose from the sofa and approached her.
She didn’t see him right away, but from the slight change in her posture, she sensed a presence.
“Hello?” she called out.  “Is anybody there?”
Unable to call out to her and alleviate her fears, the faceless man rushed toward her from the concealment of the shadows.
As he hurried her way, he saw her eyes widen and the color drain from her complexion.  He did not mean to startle her and raised his hands in a gesture of submission, of friendship.  She did not understand his gesture and began to scream.  The shrill, piercing sound hurt his ears.  She screeched and cried out, shouting unimaginable profanities at him, words he didn’t think a schoolteacher could possibly know.
She yelled unendingly. Her shrieks became so fevered that the faceless man began to panic.  He didn’t understand her reaction, how she could respond with such negativity to him when he meant her no harm.
He reached his hand out to her, to touch her arm.  She jerked it away from him and screamed more vulgar language at him.  With no other option, he lurched forward and grasped the lower half of her face firmly in his hand.  He needed to silence her in order to make her understand his desire for friendship.  As his hand brushed the soft skin of her lips, she reached up her elfin hands and began to claw at him.  She scratched and bit and kicked at him with every ounce of might contained within her diminutive body. 
The faceless man was mystified by her behavior.  She had seemed so nice before, so kind and accepting. Now, however, she was being so cruel.  He pulled away his gnawed hand and replaced it with his other, only this time he pressed harder to stop the horrendous sound that resumed.  Strident and high pitched, her scream sounded nothing like her honeyed singing voice or her sweet speaking voice.  He continued to push harder and harder against her mouth, fearful that she’d thrash again and unwilling to hear her restart her earsplitting shrieks.
Before long, she ceased to resist his efforts.  The screaming stopped and so did her flailing.  He wondered if perhaps she’d finally come around to the idea of him.  He removed his hand from her face and saw that her eyes were wide, wider than usual.  But her doe-eyed stare was vacant.
He let go of her immediately and her body fell to the floor lifelessly. 
The faceless man fell to the ground as well.  He curled into a ball and clutched his knees to his chest in the fetal position.  It had been the worst day of his existence yet.  He had been sure she would be kind to him, certain they’d be friends.  But he had been wrong.  She turned out to be a cruel and horrible person just like everyone else he’d encountered thus far.  He pitied himself.  He was a treasure, not a monster.  He had been nothing but mistreated since his inception.  He began to shed tears of sadness for himself and his unfortunate fate.  He started to doubt once again, doubt he’d ever find a friend.  But he quickly remembered that he still had one chance.  He would complete his journey and travel to Harbingers Falls. He would find Melissa Martin.  She would be his friend undoubtedly.  After all, she had lovingly accepted Gabriel James, a fellow creation of Dr. Franklin Terzini.  She would accept him as well, love him even.  If goodness existed in the world, he would find it, and he suspected it resided in Harbingers Falls.

Chapter 13

Leaden clouds advanced determinedly, pressing their way past waning rays of gold, across the spring sky. In the distance thunder rumbled.  Trees shivered and turned over their tender leaves shining an eerie, iridescent shade of jade against darkening heavens.  Branches whipped and lashed about as the wind began to gust. Gabriel and Yoshi were driving directly into a storm’s path.
The rising wind rocked the rental car as they traveled along Interstate 98, a highway canopied by American Sycamore trees that led directly to Harbingers Falls.  Thunder growled again like a starved and angered beast, snarling and roaring a ferocious warning.  Lightning flashed; the wind howled thrashing boughs as they surrendered new foliage to its might.  
Outside, the light had been besieged, eclipsed. Inside the rented 2012 Jeep Cherokee, however, optimism prevailed.
Though time spent traveling did little to allay Gabriel’s worry, he couldn’t help but feel excited.  Despite hours spent moving about that left him feeling powerless and incapable of defending Melissa, his frustration and restlessness abated as he moved closer to Harbingers Falls.  Such feelings were a welcome reprieve from the more than fourteen hours spent flying from China to New York during which time Gabriel’s mind entertained various scenarios that would have been judged science fiction by most rational people. 
Yoshi, on the other hand, appeared to be in awe of all he had seen.  While Gabriel labored testily through the chaos of the airport terminal after they had landed, his travel companion chattered incessantly about the thrill of flying, the lights, the people, the shops, and more specifically, New York.  With countless places to eat and shop, John F. Kennedy Airport functioned as a city within a city and did nothing short of amaze Yoshi.  He stared with mouth agape at every site proffered. 
From the passenger seat of the Cherokee, Yoshi remained enthusiastic and eager to discuss what he’d seen.
“I can’t believe how exciting this place is!”  Yoshi said, enamored of his limited American experience.  “I knew there would be lights and people, but I never imagined there would be so many.  And the roads, they’re paved, all of them!  They’re not paved in gold but, wow!  How did you sleep, ever, in such an exciting place?”
 “It’s a challenge, Yoshi,” Gabriel admitted recounting his many sleepless nights spent contemplating his growing feelings for Melissa, then agonizing over revealing his origins to her.
“And this place we’re headed, Harbingers Falls, is it as exciting as the terminal?  Does it have as many lights and people as Kennedy Airport?”
“Not quite.”
“Does it have the restaurant with the golden arches?”
“Yes. Two in fact”
“Two arches or two restaurants?”
“Both, technically; there are two restaurants. Four arches total.”
“Excellent!” Yoshi said enthusiastically. 
As far as Gabriel could tell, the apex of the many high points of Yoshi’s trip thus far, had been dining at McDonald’s.  They stopped there to eat while in the airport. Yoshi had expressed his delight rather verbally, oohing and clucking throughout his meal. 
“There are other restaurants, too, you know,” Gabriel offered.
“Are they as good as McDonald’s?  Do they have the French fries?  If so, I would like to try them all,” Yoshi declared.
“Some do, some don’t.”
“We will go to the ones that do, right?”
“Um, we’ll try.  We have to find Melissa first.”
Thunder rolled once again, closer this time.  Lightning struck in the distance, lit the horizon.  Large droplets of rain began to fall slowly at first, then faster.
“I can’t wait to meet Melissa. I’ve heard so much about her,” Yoshi said.
“You’ll like her. She’s,” Gabriel began.
“Beautiful,” Yoshi teased.
“Yes, beautiful,” Gabriel agreed. “I just hope she still likes me.” 
 “From everything you’ve told me, there is no need to worry.”
“I’m not so sure.  A lot of time has passed.”
“It’s only been five months.  That’s nothing.”
“She may not feel the same way for me anymore.  Five months to a teenage girl is a lifetime,” Gabriel worried aloud.
“Not where I’m from, a man could leave his wife and go on a journey for years, and when he returned, it would be as if no time had passed.”
“It’s different here, Yoshi.”
“What do you mean different?”  Yoshi asked puzzled.
“I mean that people are different, there is so much going on, and they are much quicker to move on with their lives.”
“After only five months?  Not possible if she felt about you the way you said she did.”
“Maybe, but we weren’t married, we weren’t even together very long.  I probably took it a lot more seriously than she did.”
“I doubt that,” Yoshi said 
“When I was with Melissa it was the first time I had ever experienced feelings, it’s no wonder that I haven’t been able to think of anything but her, but it certainly wasn’t like that for her”
“Okay, but you told me that she felt the same way about you?”
“Think about it Yoshi, we were only together for a short time, and now I have been gone for five months, I have barely even been able to contact her, anyone would have moved on.”
“I still don’t get what being gone for a few months has to do with your relationship.  Feelings are feelings.  They don’t change that quickly.”
“But they do, feelings diminish over time.”
“I don’t believe it, not if they were real.”
“Well if I’d been here this conversation would be far less relevant.  Being on the same continent would have helped.  Having unlimited Internet and phone access would have helped.”
“But you didn’t. So?”
“So maybe she forgot about me.  I couldn’t even tell her where I was.  I wasn’t reachable.”
“You had to do what you had to do to survive.  It’s not like you picked up and moved to Motuo County for fun or something, though I am partial to my home just for the record.  You never would have left her if you didn’t absolutely have to.”
“She was the only person I ever loved, I shouldn’t have left.”
 “Are you saying you don’t love me?”  Yoshi asked sarcastically as he leaned toward Gabriel and batted his eyes dramatically.
“Not even a little!”  Gabriel retorted.
Yoshi laughed then added, “Don’t worry about it, when you see her you’ll see that I’m right, that nothing has changed.”
“I doubt it.”
“Wow, you’re really difficult.  And acting kind of like a girl.  Maybe after this car ride, I will be an expert on girls,” Yoshi mocked.
“Shut up!  You don’t understand,” Gabriel said irritably.
“Oh no!  Miss James is getting mad.  Look out!  She may throw one of her high heels,” Yoshi continued.
Gabriel kept one hand on the steering wheel and launched the other into Yoshi left arm.
“Ouch!  You’re a testy little girl, aren’t you?”
Gabriel raised his fist again and Yoshi raised both hands meekly.
“Okay, okay.  Point taken.  No need for violence.  I know you’re sensitive,” he railed again and promptly deflected a blow intended for his bicep.
“Cut it out Yoshi. I’m serious,” Gabriel said plainly.
“All right, all right.”
“Don’t you get it, Yoshi?  Just as quickly as it began, it could have ended; for her.”
“Stop worrying.  Everything will be fine, Miss J–,”  Yoshi began but was interrupted by Gabriel’s balled fist blasting against his shoulder.
As Gabriel leaned and punched, his other hand on the steering wheel jerked to the right as well.  The Cherokee lurched dangerously on the rain-soaked highway, veering into the adjacent lane.  Fortunately, he and Yoshi were the only ones driving on the road at that moment.  Other motorists appeared to have headed the warnings issued by the National Weather Service that advised against traveling in the path of the dangerous storm.
“Whoa, man!  Focus on the road!  You can’t help Melissa if you’re dead,” Yoshi declared.
Gabriel did not respond. Instead, he took his friend’s advice and concentrated on driving. 
Rain pelted the windshield and the wind blew more forcefully.  After flexing its muscles temporarily, the fiendish storm confronted intensely, became fierce.  Silvery streaks flashed threateningly across the iron sky, tearing at ashen heavens until they hemorrhaged furiously.
The wipers on the Jeep Cherokee worked frantically to clear the windshield from the assault.  A formidable vehicle in most weather, the Cherokee proved an excellent choice.  Gabriel had never selected a vehicle himself, his maker had chosen for him.  When the moment arrived at the rental station in the airport terminal, he opted for a vehicle that closely resembled his hunter-green Ford Explorer.  A midnight-blue Jeep Cherokee was the closest match. 
After picking the vehicle he desired, Gabriel was informed that cash was not an acceptable form of currency and that a credit card was needed for insurance purposes.  He had quickly contemplated the ramifications of such a transaction before nervously offering a credit card to the teller. 
Before leaving Terzini’s residence in Harbingers Falls, Gabriel had procured a substantial amount of cash and several credit cards.  He was reluctant to use the cards as the accounts were linked directly to his maker’s; a paper trail would begin.  Certain that Terzini would closely monitor the activity of the missing cards, Gabriel had used them only a handful of times.  He was loath to announce his arrival in America much less his arrival in New York.
Horizontal rain blustered as the storm raged on.  Gabriel’s eyes remained on the stretch of road before him but his mind wandered.
With Yoshi silenced and only the weather to contend with, the rest of the trip passed quickly.  In what felt like seconds rather than just under an hour, the exit sign for the neighboring town of Darling appeared. 
In just a few short miles, Gabriel would be in Harbingers Falls and with Melissa Martin again.

Chapter 14

Eugene traveled less than fifty miles to his destination and after consulting his GPS navigation system confirmed his arrival at a clapboard house that had been converted to a tavern.  Colonial-style with heavily timbered framing, a gabled roof and central chimney and doorway, the architecture suggested construction in the 1700s and meticulous maintenance.  Eugene’s extensive education enabled him to perceive such subtleties. 
The Rider Motorcycle Club was inconspicuous looking from the outside.  To the untrained eye, it looked like any other biker-friendly hangout:  a neat row of motorcycles aligned in front, Harley-Davidson and American flag decals affixed to the doors.  The bar was identical to any other that favored motorcycle riding clientele. But Eugene knew otherwise.  He knew its inhabitants were far more vested than the colors they donned, that they were united by hate, by fear. 
Eugene despised the fearful.
He parked his Hummer in the gravel-filled lot alongside the building and walked to the front door.  He tried the door and half expected it to be locked due to the virtually nonexistent light in the narrow windows.  When the handle turned and he pushed open the door, he saw a sparsely populated clubhouse of sorts.  Drab and dimly lit, the interior of the saloon was not consistent with the exterior.  It displayed a weathered bar area with stools, a pool table and roughly six round tables.  As he looked about, Eugene guessed that every surface would be sticky, grimy. Filthy humans, he thought.  He inspected the space further and thought it deserted save for the faint sound of music coming from an open door to the rear. 
Light poured from the entryway illuminating pictures along the walls.  A mustached man with slickened black hair stared out angrily from behind his glass enshrinement saluting with his right arm extended straight ahead at shoulder level while his banded left arm held his hat across his body.  Eugene had never noticed how much Dr. Franklin Terzini resembled Adolf Hitler until the present.  Hitler hung alongside Ku Klux Klan photographs, and Confederate and Nazi flags draped on the walls. 
Voices loudened from beyond the doorway and footsteps approached quickly.  The inhabitants of the bar had become aware of his presence. 
Five men moved through the doorway, one brandished a pool cue.  All had smoothly shaven heads, all were heavily tattooed.  Eugene wondered why they, or anyone else for that matter, would voluntarily mutilate their bodies with such atrocious shapes and colors.  Having childish pictures drawn on one’s flesh was a premise so ridiculous, only a human could have thought it up. Yet, so many humans did.  It was as if one had decided it was a good idea and the rest followed suit, like a flock of wretched sheep. Eugene posited that it was this very behavior that was the ruination of mankind, their inability to think rationally, and for themselves.  Instead of self-guided learning and exploration, they wandered aimlessly incapable of any form of originality. 
Eugene longed to execute them where they stood for their unoriginality, their pathetic need for acceptance.  They strode through confidently, clad in matching leather vests over denim jackets with a red and white patch bearing a Greek mythological figure of a winged harpy at its center on the breast pocket. Just below the patch was a Greek cross with the four ends of the arms bent in a clockwise direction.  Also known as a swastika, the insignia was the clearest indicator of white supremacy in Western countries.  He fought to suppress laughter at the notion that the idiots with corresponding haircuts, identical outfits and similar ink drawings disfiguring their skin, actually considered themselves superior to anyone, living or dead.  The idea was preposterous, pathetic.
He watched as the men stopped in their tracks as soon as they saw him.  They said nothing, just looked on in silence.  Eugene did not speak either.  He simply stepped up to a stool at the bar and sat, waiting to be served.
A burly, barrel-chested man in his mid-forties walked behind the bar and stood before Eugene. 
“I’ll have a draft beer,” Eugene ordered and placed money on the bar.
The bald and brawny biker looked quizzically at him then set about retrieving a glass and filling it. Eugene divided his attention between the man before him and the mirror.  The reflective glass enabled him to keep an eye on the others that milled about.  They were all well-constructed humans, hearty-looking and substantial.  Eugene could not wait to engage them.  He could feel the tension mounting in the room, could smell it in the air. 
He spied one of the men move at his back.  A tall man with pale eyebrows and a swastika tattooed on his throat approached the seat beside him.  He ordered a beer from the barkeep as well.
“I’ll have what he’s having,” Neck Tattoo said then trained his gaze on Eugene.
“You know this is a private club, right pal,” he stated more than asked.
“I do,” Eugene answered flatly staring straight ahead.
“You don’t look like a member from another charter.”
“Because I’m not; do I look like a bald-headed fool who has people scribble on my skin for entertainment?”  Eugene interrupted.
The man with the neck tattoo became visibly agitated; he appeared to be calculating his next move. Eugene fought back a tremor of excitement.
“What’re you doing here then?” Neck Tattoo said between clenched teeth.
“I thought it was Ladies Night,” Eugene stated calmly and turned to face the man with the neck tattoo.
He discerned the look of surprise on his face.  The man with the neck tattoo was clearly not used to defiance.
“Ladies night,” he spat with confusion lining his features, then looked to the barkeep.
“Yes, Ladies Night,” Eugene affirmed as he turned and looked at the rest of the men in the bar. “Is it not? Because all I see in in front of me are six little bitches.”
Eugene loathed the use of colloquial lingo and profanity but felt it necessary in his current circumstance; low-functioning humans related to such debasing language, and responded strongly to it.
“Bitches? Why don’t you take off those glasses and that cap, asshole?” the man ordered as he stood up and faced Eugene.
“Why don’t you try and take them off me?” Eugene responded calmly.
At that, the bartender produced a shotgun he’d likely grabbed from beneath the bar, cocked it and pointed it directly at Eugene.
Eugene disdained armaments of any kind.  He believed weaponry was reserved for the weak and cowardly, and in this instance, the unoriginal.  He abhorred how human beings clung to their shiny guns, falsely comforted by the power they erroneously offered.
“You think you’re fucking funny pal?” the man with the shotgun asked.
“I say we waste him and throw his body in the river,” Neck Tattoo said.
“You walked into the wrong bar asshole,” a voice said behind him.
Eugene smiled; a full, teeth-baring smile. Neck Tattoo jerked his head back, shocked.
“Oh, I’m in just the right place,” Eugene replied as he immediately snapped his hand forward and grabbed the barrel of the shotgun aiming  it away from himself  as the bartender pulled the trigger.
The weapon discharged with a thunderous boom and blasted against Neck Tattoo’s chest, a bloodied crater left in its wake.
 “What the fuck!” one yelled.
“Kill that mother-fucker!” another rallied.
Eugene then yanked the gun, pulled with the entirety of his might, as the barkeep refused to relinquish his grip. 
The shotgun and the barkeep sailed over the bar.  Eugene maintained control of the gun and landed the burly barkeep on his back.  Stunned and in a prone position, the barkeep did not have time to react to the enormous booted foot that crashed down against his neck crushing his windpipe and severing his spine instantly.
With the shotgun in his hands, Eugene aimed it at the remaining four men.
A hush befell the motorcycle club. 
The identically dressed hairless humans adorned with inky symbols about their exposed flesh began to produce an enchanting aroma.  Their scent perfumed the air. Eugene pushed back the rising exhilaration within him, wanted to delay his enjoyment.  He turned his head to one side, away from the Neo-Nazi club members, to savor the smell of fear briefly.
As he did so, the men became emboldened.  They stepped backward, awakened from their stunned silence and immobility.
“Oh, I bet you wish I didn’t have this gun,” he said.
Eugene proceeded to eject the residual shells from the shotgun and threw the emptied weapon behind the bar.
Seeing his gesture, the men exchanged quick glances then charged.  Eugene smiled as he caught the first man in stride and grabbed him by the back of his head and slammed him face-first into the bar.  As his upper body bounced back ricocheting off the worn wood of the bar, it revealed crushed and distorted features crumbled and misaligned from impact.  Blood bubbled from his nose and mouth as he wheezed his final breaths.
Eugene wished he could prolong the man’s death, extend his anguish and suffering and gaze in his eyes as life escaped him. But such luxuries could not be afforded. 
He allowed himself a fleeting glance at the dying man as a biker rushed him from behind.  The man dropped his shoulder as he charged, making plain his intention to tackle Eugene to the ground. What the foolish, testosterone-driven human motivated by emotion did not anticipate was Eugene’s lightning fast reflexes. 
Eugene caught the supremacist in the seconds before his shoulder smashed into his body and hurled him over the bar.  His body slammed against the glass behind the bar.
Bottles of liquor placed on ledges along the length of the glass crashed to the ground as the mirror itself exploded, showering innumerable shards of reflective glass in every direction.  Dichroic slivers rained to and fro like dazzlingly deadly daggers.
The rusher remained unmoving in a pile of broken bottles and bloodied glitter.  Eugene was certain he had not survived the impact.  If the Neo-Nazi biker somehow retained a modicum of vitality, Eugene would not be able to enjoy its evaporation.
Two others remained.  One still held his pool cue and descended upon Eugene immediately. 
Eugene turned just as the stick was being swung at his head.  He reached up a massive hand and grabbed at it, snapping it in half.  He turned the cue in his hand aiming the splintered and jagged edge outward then thrust it into the man’s abdomen.  The stick passed through with the ease of a knife passing through warm butter and jutted out from his lower back giving him the appearance of a grisly human kebab.  Color drained from the impaled man’s face as he bled out.  His features twisted in shock first, then pain.  Eugene wanted to stay with him, to watch his lifeblood leave him and enjoy his slow death.  But he did not have time for such a luxury.  Another remained.
The last man standing did not exhibit fear outwardly, but his body chemistry suggested otherwise.  Eugene detected the vaguest whiff of fear-tinged sweat. 
With his head gleaming in the overhead lighting like a pallid, spectral dome, the remaining man projected bravery.  Eugene doubted any human could be foolish enough to still believe he was capable of posing a challenge to him.  He wondered how, despite his display of obvious superiority and power, the man remained delusional and believed he had a chance at survival. 
“You don’t scare me, asshole. I’ve killed bigger than you on the inside,” he declared defiantly.
Eugene guessed his bold talk was more for his own encouragement than intimidation.  Prison references did not impress him, it simply indicated that his poor attention to detail and overall sloppiness had gotten him caught and subsequently incarcerated.
The man moved toward him swiftly and swung at him.  Eugene allowed the punch to connect with his face and land against his jaw.  When the blow barely registered any pressure, he was promptly disappointed.  He thought the man would have more power.  He ought to have more power.  He was not shoddily constructed or laden with excessive body fat as most other humans were.  He was tall and muscular; a formidable specimen by lesser, human standards.
Clearly heartened, the man struck again.  The strike collided with Eugene’s nose and shattered his sunglasses.  The man paused and regarded Eugene’s feline eyes and finally displayed fear.
Satisfied, Eugene spoke.
“My turn,” he said calmly then lashed his fist forward at full force into the man’s ribs,
Bone surrendered readily to his strength, collapsing and crumpling on contact.
The man howled out in pain but his scream was silenced by Eugene’s balled fist striking his jaw, fracturing his face and mangling his features.  The man fell to the floor unable to catch his breath.
Eugene felt the excitement swell inside.  Only this time, he did not deny himself.  Rather, he picked the writhing man from the floor by his flaccid neck and rewarded himself with an unadulterated view of his death.
The man stubbornly clung to life.  Eugene began to apply steady and deliberate pressure to his throat, squeezing just hard enough to prolong his passing as he suffocated, slowly.
As Eugene dropped the man’s lifeless body, a powerful ripple of pleasure flowed through him, rose and crashed like a colossal wave breaking in a frenzied sea.  His body tensed at once and held momentarily then released gradually.
Gratified, Eugene scanned the room, appreciating the carnage.  He realized that his time spent regenerating in Dr. Franklin Terzini’s laboratory did not hinder his performance or dull his razor-sharp senses; he hadn’t lost a thing. 

Chapter 15

Melissa stood in her kitchen and leaned against the counter dumbfounded.  Still clutching the receiver of the cordless telephone in her hands she remained, with mouth agape, confounded by a phone call she’d received moments earlier from Eric Sala.  During their brief conversation, he informed her that he was on his way to her house.
She could not begin to fathom what had precipitated his call and refused to speculate.  Entertaining wild ideas would not serve her.  Conjecture was a waste of time.  She would know the reason for his visit soon enough. In the meantime, it was necessary that she remain calm. She needed to think clearly before, during and after their meet.  She breathed deeply to steady her trembling hands and replaced the receiver to its charging cradle as heavy footfalls thundered down the steps.
“Hey Missy, how do I look?” her father asked as he outstretched his arms and turned.
“Like a man who’s going to clean up at the tables,” she replied.
“That’s my girl! That’s what I like to hear!”
She did not reciprocate his enthusiasm.  Unable to mask her worry, she bit her lower lip and turned from him.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Eric called,” she began.
“That dirtbag friend of Kevin’s?”
“That would be the one.”
“What the hell did he want?”
“He wants to talk. Now. He’s on his way here as we speak,” she said.
“What could he possibly have to say to you after all this time?”
“I have no idea, Dad.  I am so confused.  I’m totally freaking out!”
“I don’t have to go, you know,” he offered.
“Yes you do! You are going.”
“Not if you need me I’m not,” he protested.
“Dad, come on, be serious.  You put in for two personal days to play in this poker tournament, talked about it every day for the last two months.  You are going.”
“How can I leave now that this clown has called and is possibly stirring up more trouble?  The answer is I can’t and I won’t.”
“No way!  I’ll call Alex as soon as Eric leaves right in front of you and make plans to stay at her house for the weekend.  I’ll be safe there.  I mean, with her brothers, come on!  I’ll be safer there probably than I am here right now.  Her parents will be around, too.  No worries.  Go.  Enjoy yourself.  You deserve it.”
Melissa’s father did not say anything for a moment.  He appeared to weigh her words and consider her argument.  She watched as his eyes darted from one side to the next as if literally searching for a sound rebuttal but came up empty.
Finally he grumbled, “Fine.”
“Then it’s settled, you will go to the Connecticut woods and play some poker!” she said trying desperately to seem cheerful.
“I’m not leaving for a while.  I’ll be here when that jackass Eric gets here.  And I’m not leaving until he’s gone,” he assured her.
“Great.  I wouldn’t want it any other way,” she said, relieved.
Suddenly parched, she walked toward the refrigerator in search of a beverage.  As she placed her hand on a bottle of iced tea, the doorbell sounded.  A wave of nausea rolled through her belly.  Eric waited on her doorstep.
Carrying the bottle, Melissa crossed the kitchen and walked to the front door.  After taking two deep breaths to calm herself, she opened the door.
Eric Sala, tall and lanky, stood framed by the entryway. 
“Hey,” he said nervously.  “Can I come in?”
Before she could answer, he was in her house looking anxiously over his shoulder before shutting the door behind him.  His eyes were rimmed with dark crescents, his features haggard.  She could only describe his overall demeanor as terrified.  Eric looked terrified.
“I didn’t see your car.  Did you walk?” she asked.
“Uh, yeah, I cut through the woods behind your house just to be sure I wasn’t being– ,”
“Hello Eric,” her father interrupted as he stared at Eric with contemptuous eyes capable of intimidating the toughest of adversaries.
“Oh, uh, hello Mr. Martin, I didn’t know you’d be here.  I can leave if you want?” he asked just Melissa.
“Please stay,” her father answered robotically.
Eric looked at Melissa imploringly and asked in a hoarse whisper, “Can we speak privately?”
“Sure,” Melissa answered, uncertainty lacing her every word.  “We can go up to my room.”
Melissa began climbing the staircase, with Eric in tow, to the second floor of her house.  At the top of the steps, a long hallway waited.  At the far end was a bathroom that neighbored her bedroom.  Her father stomped up behind them and stopped them before they entered.  He spoke to Eric.
“I’ll be right across the hallway in my room, you got that?  If I hear anything I don’t like, you’re gone,” he warned in a voice that was a low growl.
The word gone hung in the air.  There was a sense of permanence in the way he had spoken it, of irreversibility.  With her father’s message clear, Melissa ushered Eric in to her room.
“Wow, you really like purple,” he joked nervously as he gestured to her frilly lavender comforter and matching curtains.
“Yeah, I guess you could say that,” she replied icily. 
He sat on her bed with his back to the window.
“Eric, what do you want? Why are you here?” she heard herself ask in a strong, clear voice.
He rubbed his palms down the length of his jeans as if smoothing phantom creases from his thighs to just above his knees.  The single hoop earring he wore in his left earlobe quivered as he parted his lips to speak.
“I don’t even know where to begin.”
“Well, since I allowed you here unannounced and uninvited after you tackled me in the woods behind our school, I’d think an apology would be in order for starters,” she said firmly.
Eric shoulders slumped. His pale cheeks became streaked with red.  He raised his hands, palms out, and said, “I don’t think an apology would cut it, Melissa. I screwed up, bad. Things are far worse now, so I’m paying, believe me,” he rambled.
“What are you talking about?” she asked impatiently. “If you came here to start crap, my father is right across the hall and he’ll kill you, trust me.”
“I’m not here to hurt you, honest.  I’m not going to do anything to you. That’s not why I’m here.”
“Then I’ll ask the question again: why are you here?”
“Because Anderson and the others, they aren’t themselves.”
“What, they’re reformed,” she asked sarcastically.
“No, no.  You don’t understand.  They’re not who they used to be.  The people you see aren’t them.”
“Are you on drugs?”
“No, come on, I don’t do drugs anymore,” he pleaded.
“Then what do you mean?”
“They’re not who you think.”
“Then who are they?”
 “What are they is a better question,” he mumbled.
 “Huh?”
“It can’t be them, Melissa.  I saw their bodies in the woods that day.”
“That’s not what you told the police,” she countered testily.
“Yeah, I know.  I told the police I didn’t see them.  I wished I hadn’t seen them then. Kevin, Chris and John, they were dead.  I know they were,” he fought back tears.  “The guys now, the ones who came back from wherever, are worse.”
His words sent a shiver down her spine.  Every cell in her body seemed to shudder simultaneously, contesting at once the question that burned in her mind, the question she felt bound to ask.
“Who do you think they are, Eric?” she asked in a voice that quavered.
“Monsters,” he replied with conviction.
Melissa felt the room begin to spin.  A vivid memory appeared in her mind’s eye.  She remembered seeing a monster less than half a year ago.  It had been submerged in thick, opaque fluid in a large cylindrical tank in a far corner of Franklin Terzini’s underground laboratory.  Alien in appearance, it had resembled an adult-sized fetus.  She remembered how it transformed before her very eyes.  She agreed with Eric’s assessment; Kevin, Chris and Eric were very much monsters.  But she reasoned that they had not been grown in a deranged geneticist’s lab like the creature had been, nor had they been assigned the gruesome semblance associated with the word “monster” that had been indelibly etched into her psyche.  She winced involuntarily and wrapped her arms around her body for she knew monsters did, in fact, exist, and in multiple senses of the word.
“Monsters?” she asked and feigned incredulity. 
“Melissa, I know it sounds crazy.  I hear myself saying it and to my own ears I sound bat-shit crazy.  But that’s the only word I feel describes them. They’re out of control.”
“How so?” she asked, but did not want to know the answer.
She watched as Eric’s fair skin paled even further and a look of utter fright claimed his features.
“The first night they came back I was stunned, believe me.  I couldn’t wrap my mind around it the first time I saw Kevin. I mean, I thought it was some kind of after-effect of a bad trip or something.”
“Okay,” she rolled her hand forward in a gesture meant to encourage the point of his story to arrive sooner.
“Anyway, we went out to celebrate.  We went to that club down on First Street in Darling, The Terrace Club.  They had been drinking when they picked me up; nothing new about that.  But when we got there, they did shot after shot of tequila then drank beer after beer.  It was insane.  Those guys could always drink, but they put away an inhuman amount of liquor, and didn’t seem all that drunk.”
Melissa couldn’t help but pick up on yet another reference to their less-than-human characteristics.  She did not comment on it or react visibly.  She listened intently as he continued his story.
“It wasn’t just the crazy drinking that got me, though.  It was how they were acting too.  They’re usually jerks, but smooth about it, you know?”
“Oh I know,” Melissa said acidly. 
Eric’s pallid skin adopted crimson bands again.  He looked down sheepishly.
“Continue,” she ordered him.
“They just started getting loud and rowdy, grabbing girls and stuff, you know, groping.  They were being total assholes.  I was embarrassed but I didn’t say anything.  I couldn’t.”
“Of course, you couldn’t,” she said sharply. “Eric, none of this makes me think there’s anything unusual about them, just that they were drunk and aggressive; seems pretty typical, to me at least.”
The scarlet smatterings that colored Eric face expanded.  He ran his palms down his thighs once again and one of his legs began to bob up and down incessantly.
“I know what they’ve done to you, what I’ve done to you,” he said quietly. “But believe me, if you let me tell you the rest, you’ll see what I’m saying.  You’ll believe me.”
“Okay,” she said softening slightly.
“So they started dancing up on these girls on the dance floor, really grinding on them and the girls got pissed.  They pushed them off.  Three guys saw this happening and stepped in.  A fight almost broke out and we got bounced out.  Turned out, there had been complaints about us, or them rather, from some other people and the girls and the owner had us kicked out.  The other guys, they stayed and got to hang out. Kevin, Chris and John were pissed.  They were flipping out like I’d never seen before.”
Eric paused.
“Is that it, Eric?” Melissa asked calmly.
“I wish it were,” Eric replied and rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Have you ever been to the Terrace Club?”
“No, never,” Melissa answered.
“The parking lot there is set way back, far from the club and far from the street. It has lights but they’re those ones that give off the creepy yellow light.”
“Sodium vapor street lights,” she informed him. “They cause less environmental pollution.”
“Yeah, sodium vapor street lights, sure.  So the lot is lit by them and it’s pretty dark and Kevin tells us we’re going to wait for the guys in the parking lot, wait for them to come out and kick their asses.  I told them I wanted to leave.  They got really pissed and started calling me a little bitch.  They’d never been like that with me before, Melissa.  I can’t explain it.  They were different from the guys I’d been best friends with since we were kids.”
“Hmm,” Melissa managed, held by his account.
“We waited for those guys for three hours until like two in the morning when the last of the people cleared out.  We were in his car in the far corner of the lot.  No one saw us.  We watched the guys come out with the girls they stuck up for.  They walked them to their car, talked for another, like, twenty minutes, exchanged numbers and the girls drove off.”
Eric’s disposition darkened dramatically, visibly.  He took a deep breath and blew the air out through pursed lips.  As he raised his hand and raked it through his spiky black hair, she could see it trembled.
“There were a few cars left in the lot that probably belonged to employees. It was deserted except for the guys that they argued with in the club.  Kevin jumped out of the car; John and Chris followed.  I got out last.  I wanted no part of a fight but I went with them because,” Eric’s voice faltered and trailed off briefly before he continued.
“Right away they started cursing at the guys.  They turned to face us and looked shocked.  Next thing you know, Kevin, John and Chris were on them.  I mean, I couldn’t believe how fast they moved; they were just there, right on top of the guys from the club, pounding on them.  The guys never stood a chance.”
Eric swallowed hard.  His eyes brimmed with tears.  Melissa could see the pain in his face, the torment.
“Next thing I knew, the guys from the club were on the ground and Kevin, Chris and John were going crazy, punching them and stomping on them.  The club guys, they were screaming in pain, screaming for them to stop.  But they didn’t seem to care or even notice the screaming.  I tried to stop them Melissa, I tried,” he said in a voice cracking with emotion. “But they were frenzied, just swinging and kicking. They threw me to the ground.  I half-expected them to start stomping me, too.”
Tears streamed down Eric’s cheeks as his eyes stared straight ahead, unfocused.  When he trained his gaze on Melissa, his fear was palpable.
“They just kept going, Melissa; they killed them,” he whispered huskily.
Melissa felt chills spread over her entire body, expanding outwardly from her core in lacey threads of ice. She knew the story.  She’d heard about it in the news, read about it in the newspaper.
Her eyes met his and filled with tears as she said, “I know about them, the three kids that were killed from Marlboro. It was all over the news!  That was just last week.  Their bodies were found outside of the Terrace Club.”
“Those are the ones,” he affirmed. “Those are the guys Kevin, Chris and John murdered.” 
Murdered; the word sent about another onslaught of anxiety.  Melissa sat on her bed beside Eric.  They both sat in silence staring at the floor below. 
After a moment, Eric spoke.
“The murder, it wasn’t even the worst part, if you can imagine that,” he said bitterly. “The ride home was unreal, like something straight out of a horror movie.”
“How so?” Melissa asked and, once again, didn’t care to hear the response. 
“They were laughing about it.  On the way home, they laughed about killing those guys, like it was some kind of fucking joke or something.  I sat there stunned.  I couldn’t say a word.  I couldn’t believe what I saw, couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  It was like a nightmare,” he gasped and broke down crying.
Melissa wasn’t sure how to respond to his tears.  He was raw, vulnerable, but had attacked her not long ago.  She felt for him, but only to an extent.
“When they dropped me off that night, they asked me if I was cool with what happened.  Like anybody could be cool with seeing three people murdered, then hearing the murderers laugh about it all the way home,” he said bitingly.  “I said I was fine, that everything was cool but I don’t think they bought it.  They also told me not to tell anyone, that if I did there would be a problem.”
“Oh God,” was all Melissa could manage.
“If they find out I told you or anyone else about this, they are going to kill me.  I know it.”
Eric began to sob after his last admission.  He cried, hard, releasing whatever anguish he’d held for the last week, or perhaps the last five months.  Melissa had no way of knowing for sure. But she was certain his tears were ones of terror, and repentance. 
Though reluctant to offer him any form of consolation, she knew what it was like to be in mortal danger, had a working knowledge of fear; after all, she’d been an intended target.  Eric was defenseless, pathetic at best.  She awkwardly placed her arm around his shoulders and patted stiffly.  He responded eagerly and collapsed into her and wept. 
Melissa allowed him to rest against her as he cried. She left her arm around his shoulders, despite her reservation and tears of her own that threatened, for what felt like forever.  She would wait until he was sufficiently calmed before she attempted to convince him to go to the police.

Chapter 16

Gabriel had been put to many tests in his short existence.  He had survived extraordinary circumstances, contended with a ferocious enemy and survived an assassination attempt.  He had also loved for the first time, a phenomenon he was constructed to never experience. Navigating the winding roads of Harbingers Falls, he relived each exhilarating moment spent with Melissa and, despite the dire circumstances he suspected that prompted his return, he was thrilled.  His heart pounded wildly, threatened to beat out of his chest. The excitement inside him was electric.  He felt lightheaded, elated.  The moment he’d awaited for five long months was finally upon him.  He’d dreamt about it, saw her face vividly in his memory, but couldn’t wait to see her in person: her clear, emerald eyes, her full lips, her lengths of golden brown hair.  Every part of him hummed and buzzed excitedly.  He would wrap her in his arms as soon as he saw her, inhale the sweet scent of her skin before holding her at arm’s length from him and looking at her, enjoying her every feature. 
Turning on to Blackstone drive, Gabriel James could not think of anywhere else he would have rather been. 
“You’ve been really quiet,” Yoshi observed.
“Just thinking,” Gabriel replied.
“Don’t worry.  Everything is going to be fine.” 
Gabriel said nothing.
“Seriously, it will.”
“I don’t know.  It’s been so long.  I can’t wait to see her.  But what if,” Gabriel’s voice trailed off.
“What if what?  What if she’s with someone else?”
“Well, yeah.  You know that’s what I’m worried about.”
“Listen, from what you’ve told me, that’s highly unlikely.  She loves you and you love her.  All you need to do is see her.  Once you’re with her, you’ll see that nothing has changed.  Her feelings will be the same as they were five months ago.  Trust me.”
“Yoshi, I have to admit, it’s kind of hard to argue with someone when he’s just told you exactly what you want to hear.”
“I’m not telling you what you want to hear.  I’m telling you what I sincerely believe to be true.”
“So, you really think nothing’s changed?”
“Well maybe something,” Yoshi said solemnly.
“What?  What do you mean?  What do you think will be different?  Tell me!”  
“Well, it’s hard to say exactly.  It could be any number of things.  For starters, her hair may be different.  I’ve read in several gossip magazines that girls often cut their hair when they are sad.  Melissa may have chopped all her hair off.”
Gabriel exhaled sharply, relieved, and then said, “I don’t care if she has buzzed all her hair off, she will look just as beautiful to me.  And don’t believe everything you read in gossip magazines.  Not all American girls are like the starlets you read about.  Women and America are really misrepresented by those kinds of magazines.”
“Hey I like my Tattletale Weekly!  I’ve learned a lot of useful stuff about popular culture from them,” Yoshi said.  “Wait until we get to her house before you judge my information sources.  She could have a purple Mohawk for all you know.”
“I doubt it, Yoshi.”
Yoshi did not offer any further opinion.  Instead, he sat silently in the passenger seat of Gabriel’s rented Jeep Cherokee as they drove up Melissa’s street.  
“How can you possibly be calm at a time like this,” Gabriel asked and grabbed Yoshi by the arm.
“Hey, eyes on the road!  You don’t want to see her for the first time in five months wrapped around a tree do you?”
Yoshi was quiet for a second then added, “I’m happy for you.  I’m happy you’re finally going to get to see her.”
“Thanks, man.  I can’t wait.  And I’m nervous as hell.”
Gabriel could not stop smiling as he drove up her hill.  His face began to hurt from doing so as her house came into view.  He slowed to a near crawl as he approached and felt a familiar feeling of excitement surge in his stomach before he noticed that her bedroom light was on.  Eager to see her, he parked the Cherokee four houses away. 
“Is this her house?  Where’s the big tree you told me about?” Yoshi asked.
“No, this isn’t it. We passed it.”
“Why?  Is something wrong?”
“No, nothing’s wrong.  We’re going to walk to her house, cross her property and climb the tree to her window.”
“Wouldn’t the front door be easier?”
“Well, yes, of course.  But I’m guessing her father is home and would not be too thrilled to see me after what happened last time I was here, how I just took off and left Melissa to deal with the police and everything.  And how I hurt his daughter.”
“When you put it that way, I can see why you’d want to avoid him.  He’s probably not a big fan of yours,” Yoshi replied. “It sounds like the tree is the best route.”
They both climbed out of the Jeep Cherokee and began walking up the steep incline of Melissa’s street. Each residence was uniform in construct, only subtle variations in choice of shutter color or siding hue differentiated them.  Composed predominantly of working-class residents, the members of the Blackstone Drive’s community dutifully maintained their property.  Gabriel noticed that each lawn they passed had been mowed, flower beds were meticulously upheld, and shrub shapes were maintained.  The overall landscape was neat and orderly, a refreshing departure from the unpredictability and, at times, unruliness, that defined the environment of his previous habitat. 
“All the houses are exactly alike,” Yoshi commented.
“Kind of,” Gabriel agreed.
“Is that how all neighborhoods are in America?”
“No, not all, but who cares, really?  Look over there, look what this neighborhood has that’s unique,” Gabriel said pointing to the eastern-facing houses that bore odd numbers. 
Beyond the odd numbered houses, the sun hung low in the sky, almost disappeared into the horizon, its vanishing light a faint glow in the west. 
“I see.  Sunsets for one side of the street, sunrises for the other.  Interesting,” Yoshi said but didn’t seem interested in the least. 
Gabriel believed his friend would have been happier in a less suburban setting, one with tall buildings and bright lights.  But Yoshi’s entertainment was not his foremost thought.  Furthermore, he was far too distracted to entertain such thoughts.  Everything around him shimmered and thrived.
The air smelled sweet and green with hints of lemon grass and lavender scenting it.  Everywhere he looked, something bloomed.  Daffodils, tulips and magnolia lined driveways, cherry blossoms and early azalea blooms made debuts in front yards.  Blackstone Drive flourished with signs of spring. 
Gabriel, like the street he treaded upon, was awash with hope and vitality.
And then he saw her house.  The light of her bedroom lamps cast a faint golden glow onto the garage that shelved below it.  He felt his breath catch in his chest, couldn’t believe he was actually standing underneath her room, that he would hold her in his arms in a matter of minutes.
He looked beside the house and smiled.  The mature oak looked bigger.  Though he was sure it hadn’t gown taller in the last five months, he knew it grew wider.  With an abundance of leaves that assumed a fluorescent hue in the light of early evening, the oak looked considerably fuller, robust.  All the brightly colored leaves intertwined in an elaborate web of boughs reaching and stretching upward, outward.  He marveled at the majestic guardian of the Martin home, and eagerly wanted to climb it.
As if reading his mind, Yoshi spoke.
“It’s been a while since I climbed a tree,” Yoshi said slightly embarrassed. “You think I can get up there?” he asked and pointed to the lowest branch which was several feet taller than he.
“Sure you can.  You were born and raised in Motuo,” Gabriel encouraged.  “Remember?  No electricity.  No supermarkets.  You hunted in the wild.”
“Thanks Gabriel, but I really don’t need a pep talk.  The problem is less about my abilities–which are superior to yours, by the way–and more about the fact that I can’t even get my leg to the lowest knot.” 
“First of all, those things on the tree are not knots Yoshi, their called galls and they occur when a tree is recovering from an injury or stress; it’s like a lump of scar tissue.”
“What, now you’re a tree doctor or something?”
“No, I just learned a lot of stuff when I was with Terzini.  He wanted me to be well-rounded, well-informed.”
“With useless information, I guess.”
“It wasn’t useless.  You learned something just now, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Yoshi answered slightly exasperated.
“Are we going to do this or not, because there’s a gorgeous girl just a tree-climb away who I’d like to see rather than stand here and argue with you.”
“Fine, say no more,” Yoshi agreed and rubbed his chin as he looked again to the enormous oak.
“I’ll give you a boost,” Gabriel promised then stooped and offered his interlaced fingers for his friend to step upon.
Yoshi stepped into Gabriel’s hands and hoisted himself up onto a sturdy outstretched branch.  Once he was confident that the branch could uphold his weight, he stood up and looked down at Gabriel.
“This thing is huge,” he called. “What kind of tree is this?”
“It’s an oak tree,” Gabriel answered readying himself to reach for the same bough.
Once Yoshi was farther up in the massive tree, Gabriel began climbing.  His hands trembled as he reached for the first branch.  His pulse kept rhythm loudly in his ears.  He pulled himself up and lifted his leg so that he straddled the bough first, then moved to a squatting position.  He stood quickly, stretched and grasped another branch, and another, and another, until he reached the roof of the garage.  Yoshi waited for him at the edge as he stepped from the tree.
“This is it,” Yoshi began. “This is what you’ve been whining about for five months.”
“Please, Yoshi! Stop trying to ruin this for me!” 
“Sorry,” Yoshi said sincerely.
They scampered up the length of the garage roof.  When they reached the sill of her window, Gabriel peered inside, expecting to see Melissa’s face just beyond the glass staring intently at her laptop computer as he’d seen her do on numerous occasions in the past.  He did not see her face. She was not seated at her desk focusing on her computer.  She sat on the edge of her bed with her back facing him, her long hair trailing almost to her waist.  And she was not alone.
Gabriel moved closer to her bedroom window.  With his face nearly pressed against it, he saw that Melissa’s arm was wrapped around a male figure.  Thin with a large frame and bristly black hair, he leaned into her, his body resting intimately against her.  
Gabriel felt as if he’d been struck in the stomach.  He struggled to breathe.  His eyes burned and his mouth went dry.  He blinked several times to expunge the moisture that accumulated suddenly, unexpectedly, and blurred his vision.  He turned to Yoshi who sat waiting with his back against the siding that framed the window.
“Let’s go.  This was a mistake,” he said levelly.
“What?  What are you talking about?  This is what you’ve been waiting for.”
“Did you not hear me?” Gabriel said sharply.  “I said let’s go!”
“What the hell’s your problem?”
“Look, Yoshi, I’m not in the mood for your crap right now.  Let’s just get the hell out of here. Okay?”
“I don’t get it. Why?”
“You really want to know Yoshi?”
“Yes, I do!”
“Look! Look in the window and tell me what you see!” Gabriel ordered.
Yoshi stepped up to the window and looked in. 
“She moved on,” he said apologetically.
“Yes, she moved on!  And I am not going to interrupt her date to talk about the possibility that Kevin and his friends were somehow saved by Terzini and sent back to do who knows what,” Gabriel said heatedly.
“All right, all right, calm down.  Let’s get out of here.”
Yoshi moved down the garage roof, gripped a branch and descended the oak with dexterity that implied he’d done it hundreds of times.  Gabriel moved toward the tree but paused to look over his shoulder at Melissa and her supposed new beau. 
In the instant that he did, Melissa and the mystery guest parted.  Gabriel turned his body and rested on all fours.  He stabilized himself in such an awkward position by carefully tensing his leg muscles and engaging his upper-body strength.  He strained to see.  He tilted his head to get a better look, then saw the boy’s profile and immediately wished he hadn’t.  He recognized the boy with Melissa, and felt as if a dagger had been thrust through his heart.  Despite his education and broad knowledge base, he could not, for the life of him, understand why Melissa would choose to be with the boy on her bed.  He felt disappointed and disgusted.  He did not want her to be with anyone else, least of all the person she was with.
Eric Sala sat beside Melissa on her bed and gazed longingly at her.  Eric Sala was the boy she had embraced just seconds ago.
Gabriel struggled with what he was looking at.  He could only view Eric as an outspoken member of Kevin’s gang, a jerk and a troublemaker.  He could not envision him as someone she would choose to spend time with, much less hug.  Eric had been responsible for many of Melissa’s miserable days, had assisted Kevin with his attack against them in the woods five months earlier and had even gone as far as personally assaulting her.  In fact, Gabriel’s lasting memory of Eric was of him tackling her to the ground then straddling her while restraining her with one hand, and raising the other to strike her into submission.  He could not fathom how his act of violence, added to the numerous verbal attacks, had been pardoned by her, how he ended up in her arms.  The situation did not make sense.  
Part of him wanted nothing more than to make his presence known, confront them both and demand an explanation of their relationship.  But that very primitive part of him, the part that wanted to act irrationally, did not dictate his actions.  Though such an act would have undoubtedly been gratifying momentarily, he knew it would have repercussions.  He knew nothing good would come from acting impulsively.  Ultimately, he did not want to embarrass or hurt Melissa, though he was hurting.  
Gabriel felt heartbroken.  It was a foreign feeling for him.  He had never been hurt by one he loved. Melissa was the only person he’d ever loved.  He did not know what to do.  He felt hot and cold, confused and enlightened, angry and sad.  All of his emotions seemed to conflict as he experienced them simultaneously.  He felt dizzy and nauseated and struggled to catch his breath.  
Without warning, the surface he knelt on seemed to give way beneath him. He didn’t realize he’d relaxed the muscles that held him upright in his unsafe position.  Shock caught him off guard, diminished his natural defense instantaneously.  He began to fall.
Melissa’s bedroom window, illuminated with soft, golden light, rushed away from him. The lower half of his body raced toward the driveway below. Gabriel’s body scraped along asphalt shingles until his feet caught in the seaming of the gutter. 
Yoshi called out from the ground below.
“Gabriel, you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Gabriel lied then slid his feet gingerly along the drainage trench until he reached the edge of the roof. He reached for an outstretched branch and quickly navigated the entanglement of leaves and boughs until he reached the lowest one. 
When his feet landed upon sturdier ground, his chest began to tighten.  His eyes continued to burn. He dared not speak, didn’t trust that his voice would project without faltering.  He did not look at Yoshi who walked alongside him down Blackstone Drive.  He kept his head turned from his friend and looked to the skyline.
Clouds assembled, swiftly strengthening their ranks and readying for rain. The air felt weighted with moisture, a preemptive maneuver before the complete strike began.
They moved swiftly down the hill and arrived at Gabriel’s vehicle.  Once inside, Gabriel turned his key in the ignition and the engine roared to life.  He allowed the Jeep to idle for several seconds as he collected his thoughts.  His brain struggled to comply with what he demanded of it. 
Frustrated, he pounded the steering wheel with his fist. Smarting and angry, Gabriel fought to focus on the original reason for their return. Instead, his rational thought process was muddled, blindsided by unforeseen events and unimaginable pain.
He rubbed his eyes with both hands, determined to purge the image of Melissa hugging Eric Sala from them. But the more he rubbed, the more intense the sensation of sand wedged beneath his eyelids became. So he gave up, stared straight ahead and shifted the Jeep into gear.
He drove to the end of Blackstone Drive and stopped at the stop sign. Rain drops began to fall.
“We’ll get a room for the night. I need to shower and sleep,” Gabriel said wearily.
“Do you want to talk about what just happened?” Yoshi asked.
“I can’t.”
“Then what’s the plan?”
“We’ll find a motel and get a room for the night. In the morning, we’ll head over to Harbingers High School and I’ll find Melissa and try to see what’s going on.  At least I know she won’t be on a date there.  After we talk, we’ll have to figure things out from there.”
“If you aren’t with Melissa anymore and it’s you this Terzini is after, then she won’t be in any danger, right?”
“Wrong,” Gabriel began. “She’s still in danger because of all she knows, everything I showed her the night I told her about me.”
Gabriel’s chest began to ache more penetratingly. He felt as if his heart were being drilled against with a jackhammer. He remembered, in vivid detail, the night he’d told her of his origins. He remembered what she wore, how she smelled, what she ate. He remembered how she delighted in the efforts he made to make the evening perfect and how she glowed when he told her he loved her.
He also remembered the stricken look on her face when he shared with her his darkest secret, the expression of horror when they went to Terzini’s underground lab and unearthed a partially formed person in the development tank.
He started to think that perhaps he would have been better off just letting her go then.  If he had embraced the anger and hurt, merged them together perfectly enough, he would have been capable of killing Terzini when he’d had the chance.  
Gabriel grew tired of entertaining what ifs; they were a futile waste of energy. The fact of the matter remained that he loved Melissa. Melissa appeared to have moved on, but was still in danger. He would not allow harm to come her way, harm he was responsible for, simply because she no longer possessed feelings for him. He had left her. The materialization of his biggest fear was his own fault.
He avowed silently as he drove along the darkened and winding roads of Harbingers Falls to right the wrongs he had initiated, right them and then leave for good.

Chapter 17

From deep within the folds of lengths of velour drapery that smelled of mothballs, the faceless man rose from his crouched and concealed position and pressed his face to the window.  He couldn’t believe what he had just seen, wondered whether his eyes had deceived him.  Squinting, he looked again to be sure and found that, to his delight, his original perception held true; Gabriel James had left Melissa Martin’s home.
Moments earlier, he had looked on in horror as Gabriel, accompanied by a man of short stature, had marched up Blackstone Drive and onto the Martin property.  Terrified, he had watched, certain that Gabriel had returned to take Melissa away.  If that had happened, he would never get to meet her, to become her friend.  He had traveled so far, endured unspeakable hardships and experienced countless disappointments almost exclusively at the hands of human beings.  All of his suffering would have been in vain had Gabriel taken Melissa from him.  But he had not.
The faceless man smiled revealing his pointed teeth.  The torment he’d withstood would at last be rewarded.  He had withstood so much, persisted in the face of innumerable individuals who sought to hurt him.  Procuring a home next to Melissa’s for surveillance purposes had been among the many ordeals he had braved to be near her, so close to friendship.  He shivered as he remembered what he’d been through.
He had hidden in the wooded area behind the homes in Melissa’s neighborhood and watched, waiting to see whether a welcoming person stood out from the rest, someone who would invite him into their home and understand his objective though he could not explain it.  But few people milled about in the evening and by day, the street was virtually deserted.
After two days of deliberating and wrestling with his overall distrust of all humans, the faceless man, about to give up, spotted an elderly woman stepping out of her home and onto her porch to retrieve her newspaper.  Someone had callously thrown it in the bushes that hugged her entryway.  He had watched as she toiled and labored to get down her steps and then strained to reach her paper.  All the while, he had noticed how her kindly face never pursed in anger; she never shouted an explicative, just grunted softly.  With a tuft of wooly, white hair perched atop her head, doughy skin that was deeply lined, she looked soft and gentle like a rumpled pillow, worn but wonderful.  And her house bordered Melissa’s.
The elderly woman turned out to be a disappointment as all others had that he’d encountered.  Her appearance was not representative of her personality.  He had not been particularly shocked to find she was cruel. 
He was shocked, however, when she first attacked him with a mop, and then a rolling pin.  She swatted and whacked with speed that contradicted the network of creases that marked her skin.  She had beaten him with vigor. 
The faceless man had tried to calm her, make her see he did not intend to harm her, that he simply needed a place to rest and spy on her neighbor, but the inability to speak complicated matters.  He’d had no choice but to shove her off of him; she simply would not stop hitting him.
He had learned many things since leaving Dr. Franklin Terzini’s laboratory.  Among those many things, he had discovered that elderly people such as Melissa’s neighbor were brittle.  They were brittle and mean. 
Her meanness and brittleness had been her demise. 
He felt a shiver pass through him once again as he recalled his interaction with the old woman, how she had been so unpleasant, so hurtful toward him.  Tears began to threaten as he felt genuine pity for himself.
He fought back his sadness, refused to shed one more tear for the cruel and despicable people of the Earth.  He would not fret, had no time to.  He had more intriguing things to think about, to dream about.  Melissa Martin was in his field of vision.  Gabriel had left without speaking to her.  He had simply watched her as the faceless man did, only closer. 
But Gabriel would undoubtedly return.  Surely creations like them could never turn their backs on someone willing to accept them, to embrace them. 
The faceless man resolved to act immediately.  Delaying would only give rise to opportunity for Gabriel to take her from him.  He would not allow that to happen.  Melissa would not only be his friend, she’d be his savior.  She would deliver him from a life of loneliness and isolation, of torture and ridicule.  He had seen her benevolence in action, had witnessed her magic.  A boy had been to her house at the same time as Gabriel.  He was tall and long-limbed with black hair that prickled unnaturally from his scalp.  He had come to her sad and broken, had cried to her.  She did not scream or curse or attack him with mops or kitchen tools.  Melissa embraced him and made him feel better.  He was certain she would do the same for him.
The only obstacle that remained was finding a way to explain his feelings to her, to make her understand he wanted friendship and acceptance, that he wanted love.  Thus far, surprising people with his friendship had not gone as he’d intended.  As it turned out, human beings did not favor surprises.

Chapter 18

Eric Sala left Melissa’s house feeling equal parts relieved and apprehensive.  Though he had taken a calculated risk and entered through the front door of her home, he did not dare endanger himself by repeating such an action.  After explaining to her the nature and severity of his worries, she offered him an exit through the family room at the rear of the house. 
He had traveled on foot.  Parking his car three blocks away, leaving it inconspicuously sandwiched between a mobile home and minivan, Eric had traversed a considerable stretch of woods, crossed one of her neighbor’s backyard and walked up the remainder of her street to her front door.  Such precautionary measures had been necessary then, were necessary still.
The sun had set about an hour ago.  Clouds had filled in where navy expanses should have dazzled with infinite celestial jewels.  The evening sky was dark, darker than usual.  Mist clung to treetops.  The air was cool but balmy.  A preternatural silence had befallen the surrounding area.  Eric wondered if the fog had acted as a blanket of freshly fallen snow would have, muffling and quieting everything in its wake; it seemed as though the rain was falling soundlessly around him. 
He cut across Melissa’s small backyard and went directly into the woods beyond it.  After crossing a small seasonal stream, swollen with the wealth of spring rain the area had seen and residual winter snow that had long since melted, Eric moved deeper into the woods.  He was immediately swallowed by the abundance of growth around him.  Branches, crisscrossed at every turn, threatened to gouge his eyes, undergrowth tugged at his pant legs and fog gathered conspiratorially, disorienting him and robbing him of his vision.
A branch snapping behind him sliced through the milky mist and echoed through the void. Eric’s pulse quickened, as did his pace.  Certain that someone was pursuing him he moved faster, clumsily jogging through a riot of twisted, entangled branches.  Sweat dappled his clammy skin as he looked over his shoulder.  Movement behind him, unseen but distinct nevertheless, skyrocketed his racing heart rate.  He began to run.
With each foot momentarily off the ground in each step and his nearly nonexistent sense of depth perception in the darkened and shrouded woodland, Eric tripped.  He toppled face-first to the ground below.  He never saw the fallen tree in his path. 
Facedown on the ground, he did not move right away.  He paused briefly and remained as still as he could.  He listened for the sound of footfalls, but heard nothing over the rush of blood against his eardrums.  Once he felt confident that he was not being tracked, he rose to his feet, brushed the debris from his clothes and sprinted to the edge of the woods where his car waited on an unfamiliar street in a neighborhood that was not his.
Street lights illuminated the pavement but reflected against the thickening fog.  The sound of his own footsteps lulled him into thought.  He began to replay his conversation with Melissa.  He wondered whether he’d made a mistake by telling her, yet felt it necessary to unburden himself.   He reasoned that it had been necessary to share what happened with her.  After all, she had been there when Kevin, Chris and John had been killed.  She was part of everything he’d been through. 
But something about his visit with her left him feeling unsettled.  He could not quite pinpoint what it was, but something did not feel right.  As he mulled her reaction over, he came to the realization that Melissa had not reacted as he’d expected her to, the way anyone else would have.  In fact, other than tearfulness, she hadn’t had much of a reaction at all.  He had assumed she would think he’d lost his mind and need a tremendous amount of convincing.  He had thought he’d have to talk to her more than once to make her understand.  To his surprise, she had accepted everything he had to say, even the things he’d speculated.  Nothing had shocked her.  She had been upset, but by no means as shocked as he’d anticipated.
One point she had impressed upon him was the necessity of going to the police.  She had suggested he go right away, even offered to go with him.  Eric knew he could never go to the police, and though she had seemed to fully comprehend the magnitude of the situation, as well as its utter weirdness, Melissa could not have possibly understood the danger he was in.  If he were to go to the police, he was sure he’d be killed.  He had seen the look in their eyes as they mercilessly executed the guys from the club, their maniacal, crazed expressions.  She hadn’t been there.  She had no way of knowing.  But she’d believed him, and having someone to share his fears with did help.
Eric felt slightly buoyed as his car came into sight.  Just where he’d left it, his dented Ford Escort waited between the vehicles he parked it between.  Nether Kevin, Chris nor John waited against it.  In a few hundred feet, he would be behind the wheel of his car and on his way home. 
His faint glimmer of optimism was dimmed, however, when he became aware of a presence.  He did not see who loomed ahead, but felt another with him.  The hairs on the back of his neck prickled as he heard footsteps against the pavement.  They began slowly at first, then picked up in pace quickly.  Whoever was coming had undoubtedly seen him, and was coming right at him.  Faster and faster, the sound rushed toward him.  With nowhere to run to and few places to hide, Eric ducked between two garbage cans at the end of a car-filled driveway.  He crouched just in time to see a pair to light-up running shoes gallop past him.
A jogger, he thought.  A jogger going for an evening run had advanced and nearly scared him to death.  Relieved, Eric arrived at his car; he got in and locked the doors, then started the engine.  He raked his hands through his hair and smiled.  He would be home in a matter of minutes.
He pulled out of the space he’d parked his car, a small niche between a behemoth camper and a minivan, and drove to his house.  He could not wait to walk in the front door and head straight upstairs.  His parents would certainly be home, his mother in the kitchen experimenting with a new recipe from the food network, his dad leaning against the counter telling her all about his day.  He longed for the sounds of chatter, of laughter, of home.  He would strip out of his soiled clothes dirtied from his fall in the woods, take a hot shower and join his parents for a much-needed dose of normality.
Eric couldn’t help but smile, a rare expression he seldom produced in recent days, as he parked across the street from his house.  Each window was illuminated.  The outline of his parents was framed by the kitchen window.  He locked his car doors and trotted toward his house. 
As he began walking up his driveway, a car turned onto his street.  Headlights blinded him temporarily.  He froze as he discerned the make and model of the car.  It was a black Infiniti G37 Sports Coupe, and it belonged to Kevin Anderson.
Kevin pulled into Eric’s driveway and opened the door.  And he was not alone.  Chris and John occupied the passenger seat and back seat respectively. 
“What’s up man?” Eric asked and tried to sound nonchalant.
“Nothing, man, nothing at all,” Kevin said tightly.  “We’re just heading out to get some beers and hang, thought you’d like to join us,” Kevin suggested, but the tone of his voice implied that he was not suggesting that Eric join them, but rather ordering it. 
“I can’t tonight.  My parents are home and they’ve been on my shit about my grades.  You know how that is,” Eric attempted.
“Don’t be a punk.  Blow off your parents or tell them you’re going to a study group or something.  Or better yet, don’t tell them anything,” Kevin said testily.
“I don’t know, man.  I think they’d freak out,” Eric replied.
“Who gives a shit?  Aren’t you going to be eighteen in, like, two months?  Come on!  Stop being a punk and get in the fuckin’ car,” Kevin commanded.
Eric knew he could not refuse them, that refusal would imply disrespect, and he knew what happened to those who disrespected them.  His only chance of survival would be to go out with them, play along with whatever game they were playing, and pray that they did not know of his meeting with Melissa earlier.
Reluctantly, Eric agreed to go with Kevin, Chris and John. 
He climbed into the back seat of Kevin’s car and glanced at his house.  He saw the basketball hoop in the driveway and remembered exhausting himself when he was nine, trying to perfect his layup so he could show his dad when he returned from work.  He saw his mother’s rosebush out front just beyond the porch. He remembered planting it there as a Mother’s Day’s surprise for her five years earlier and how she enjoyed clipping the blooms and filling the house with vases of crimson roses.  He had grown up in the house and made so many memories there.
Eric heard the automatic lock engage in Kevin Anderson’s car, saw his parents’ silhouettes in the kitchen window and, with a tear rolling down his cheek, realized he’d never see them again.

Chapter 19

Melissa had watched as Eric dashed across her backyard and into the wooded area behind her house.  He disappeared into the thicket quickly, his gait like that of a deer, graceful, agile, and frightened.
He had shared with her information that compounded her worst fear; that Kevin, Chris and John had returned from death and were more dreadful than before.  Her hands trembled still.  She wondered if they’d ever stop trembling.  She wanted nothing more than to run upstairs and tell her father everything, beg him to stay with her and not drive two and a half hours away from her for a weekend poker tournament.  But she knew that it was not an option.  She could never tell her father about Kevin and the others.  She could never tell him about Gabriel, Terzini or Eugene either.  To do so would all but guarantee her father would have her committed to a mental health facility.
Instead, she hugged him tightly and watched as his taillights trailed down her street and vanished out of sight. 
Her house suddenly felt far larger than it actually was, and far more vulnerable.  She set about fortifying every entry point.  Starting with the front door, she engaged the deadbolt then moved to the backdoor off of the family room and to the door that led to the garage.  She then went to the basement and double-checked that the casement windows had been closed and locked after her father’s workout.  When satisfied that the basement was sufficiently secured, she turned off the light and returned to the main level of her house.
The curtains in the kitchen billowed.  She did not remember opening the kitchen window but shut it immediately and locked it nevertheless.  Drops of water stippled the sill.  The late afternoon drizzle had graduated to wind-driven rain.  She watched from the recently closed kitchen window as it whipped and lashed treetops in her neighborhood before checking the remaining windows in the living room and dining room. 
Once all were closed, she ascended the staircase to call Alexandra and make plans for her to spend the weekend with the Georgopoulos family.  She would then gather her toothbrush and other personal effects, pajamas and a few outfits and head over to Alexandra’s.
She looked to her desk and saw that her cell phone did not rest on its charger.  She did not see it on her bed either.  As she scanned her room she realized it could be anywhere, lost in a sea of clothes and shoes strewn about the floor.  She began to pick up articles of clothes from the floor, frustrated by her lack of housekeeping, when a tapping sound startled her.
She paused, dropped the clothes in her hands and listened.
Then she heard the tapping sound again.  It came from near her desk.  She froze and held her breath, waited for the sound again. 
The taps sounded again in quick succession, and it came from her window.
Her heart beat wildly.  She could think of only one person who had tapped on her window, and that was five months ago.  Excitement fluttered in her stomach as she quickly smoothed her hair with her hands and walked to the window.  She was certain that Gabriel waited on the other side of the glass; that he had returned from whatever exotic destination he called home for nearly half a year after hearing of Kevin, Chis and John’s return and had returned to protect her.
The dimness of early evening combined with the brewing storm outside prohibited Melissa from seeing anything in the glass but her reflection.   She immediately crossed the room and moved to the window where the tapping originated.  She placed both hands on the casing and pressed her face to the pane.  She guessed that Gabriel, wanting to surprise her, had backed away and off to the side.  Melissa did not want to delay their reunion any longer.  If Gabriel waited on the other side of the glass and had been responsible for the tapping as she suspected, she refused to waste more time.  She immediately threw open the sash and then the screen.  She stuck her head out.  Rain beat against the roof of the garage.  But she did not see him.
Crestfallen, Melissa had erroneously believed he awaited her beyond her windowpane.  In all likelihood, a branch, propelled by the gusting wind, had been responsible for the tapping.  Leaving the screen open, she closed the sash and resumed her search for her cell phone.
As she rifled through her untidy room, she heard tapping at the window once again.  Cautiously heartened, she went to the window without hesitation.  This time, a face stared back at her.
Shock briefly deprived her of voluntary movement, rendered her speechless.  The world went silent around her.  She did not hear the rain and wind; she did not feel the balmy breeze blowing against her skin.
The face that looked back at her was neither Gabriel’s nor her own reflection.  It was monstrous, inhuman, and moving closer.  It reached its arm at her spread its webbed fingers outstretching its hand toward her.  Instinct screamed for her to back away as the world regained sound.  Each noise resounded loudly, echoing and reverberating at an amplified volume.
She took two steps backward, sheer fright commanding her back, away from the hideous beast that advanced.  Her feet became entangled in a pile of clothes and suddenly she was falling.  She put her hands out to her sides, reaching blindly for something to hold on to, but grasped papers on her desk with her fingertips.  She felt the back of her head meet with the wood of her bedframe before everything went black.
***

The faceless man fretted as he watched Melissa tumble backward and hit her head against the wooden frame of her bed.  He did not want to believe misfortune had befallen him again.  He refused to believe he would not even be offered the opportunity to propose friendship to her before she went still forever as the others did.  He immediately rushed through her window and into her bedroom and put his face close to hers.  He felt her breath on his face.  She lived!  And he would have his chance with her.
But they could not stay at her house.  Too many people came and went from it.  Moreover, he had seen Gabriel loafing about on the rooftop of her garage just beyond her bedroom window not long ago.  He had been there once and he was confident he would return.  After all, their kind could not afford to shun friends.  He could not risk Gabriel returning and taking her from him.  He realized that they needed to leave.
He decided to take her with him to the house next door.
The faceless man bent down and wrapped his arms around Melissa’s waist then stood up effortlessly.  With her slung over his shoulder, he descended the staircase and walked to the door in the family room at the rear of her house.  He crossed her property and went directly to her neighbor’s back door.
Once inside, he began to panic.  He worried she would shriek, or attack him with a mop, or a rolling pin.  He worried she’d be cruel.  He simply did not want a repeat of any of the negative incidents he had survived.  He did not want to get hurt again.  He wanted an opportunity to demonstrate that he was a friend; that he was going to be her best friend.  She would love him and see he would never harm her.  But he needed time to exhibit such sentiments.  His inability to speak slowed his ability to communicate effectively.
Then an idea evolved in his mind, one he considered a rather good idea.
He rested Melissa on a lumpy couch in the living room careful to turn her on her side and elevate her head then scrambled to the garage.  He scanned the area for rope, did not see it right away.  He began to dig through a variety of gardening tools.  He moved a wheelbarrow, gardening gloves, a watering can and a stack of dust-covered issues of Gardening Digest before happening upon a neatly coiled length of rope. 
The faceless man smiled and returned to the living room. 
He lifted Melissa and placed her in a wooden rocking chair that sat alongside the lumpy couch.  He tied her hands behind her back and bound her feet together.  In such a position, she would pose less of a threat to him, she could not hurt him. 
He regretted tethering her like an animal but he needed time and wanted to avoid being attacked again.  He did not want history to repeat itself.
He seated himself on the couch and watched as her eyes began to dart behind her eyelids.  She started to stir.  She moved her head from side to side and her eyes opened wide with fright.
Panic seized the faceless man.  He dove over the back of the couch and hid behind it.  He closed his eyes and pulled his knees to his chest and silently hoped she would accept him.  She was his last chance. 

***

Melissa regained consciousness and immediately recoiled from the nightmarish presence before her.  She attempted to raise her hands to protect her head that smarted from the beast before her but realized they were bound behind her back.  Then, for reasons unknown to her, the beast darted behind the couch. 
She did not know how much time had passed or what exactly had happened to her, only that a monster had tied her to a rocking chair and that the back of her head throbbed.  She looked around and attempted to search for clues that would divulge her whereabouts.
Her eyes studied the room, sweeping from left to right.  A pair of upturned orthopedic shoes in the far corner of the room caught her attention.  She squinted her eyes against the weak lighting of the room and saw that the orthopedic shoes were worn by plump legs that lay inert surrounded by a pool of dark fluid.  Sheer panic set in as Melissa realized that her kindly next-door neighbor, Miss Harriet, was facedown, dead. 
Her mind shut down, refused to acknowledge or process what was happening.  She suppressed the urge to scream, but instinct suggested it would do no good.  Furthermore, she did not want the creature to spring from his hiding place and attack her.  She needed to act subtly and try to free herself.     
She wiggled and rubbed her arms in an up-and-down motion and felt a slight give in the roping.  While she manipulated her arms, she caught a glimpse of the creature cowering behind the couch.  It poked its awful head up and looked at her, then hid again.  It repeated this twice and resembled a hideous version of the beloved whack-a-mole game offered at carnivals, except she did not have a mallet with which to strike and doubted she possessed the speed and strength required to dominate it.
The creature persisted peeking at her intermittently for quite some time.  She did not understand the purpose of its perpetual peeping and disappearing.  It almost seemed afraid of her.  But such a notion seemed nonsensical.  After all, it had murdered Miss Harriet. 
Each time it spied from the concealment of Miss Harriet’s bumpy couch, it lingered longer and longer, revealing more details of its construct.  She began to detect something very familiar about it. 
And then it hit her.  Recognition and realization gelled.  She knew where she’d see it before.  Five months ago in the underground laboratory of Dr. Franklin Terzini, she and Gabriel had seen a partially formed human being in a stainless-steel development tank.  Its face had haunted her since.  She wondered why she hadn’t recognized it immediately.  She supposed some protective measure rooted deeply in her brain engaged itself and forbade her from connecting the two occurrences.  She never imagined she would see the creature again save for her mind’s eye, wouldn’t have needed to; its image was seared into her memory.  It had resembled a gigantic fetus in its eighth week of development. 
Now, however, only insignificant changes had occurred.  Gauzy-looking skin barely sheathed the veins and capillaries that bulged in an elaborate matrix throughout his body.  Small, thinly lidded eyes had been tightly shut when in the tank but now spied at her through a thick, milky film that shrouded them.  She did not remember if it had a nose then, did not see one now; just two holes she guessed functioned as nasal passages.  It did not appear to have lips either, though a line that formed where they should have resided implied some type of opening existed beyond it.
As the creature continued its game of peekaboo with her, she pondered whether Terzini had released it early from its fluid-filled development tank to kill her.  But her question only gave rise to another question.  If it had been released and dispatched to kill her, then why was she still alive?
Question after question swirled in her head.  She was stunned when she realized it had emerged from its hiding place behind Miss Harriet’s sofa.  It moved toward her slowly, cautiously, with its arms extended in front of it, hands up with palms facing her in a gesture of surrender.  It looked even worse out of the tank than it had in it.  Its torso was large and curved, lending it the overall impression of crouching as it advanced.  Melissa wanted desperately to scream, to cry out in fear.  Its webbed fingers, though raised submissively, were attached to formidable hands, dangerous hands.  It approached slowly, but she knew it was capable of far swifter movements, its body betrayed its strength.  Its flimsy-looking skin did little to hide the thick, ropey muscles in his arms, legs and torso. 
She wondered why it didn’t simply kill her, why it was drawing out her death, prolonging the moment before it struck.
A fleeting thought crossed her mind.  She didn’t believe it had much merit, but still wondered whether Dr. Terzini had left it behind or whether it had escaped.  Such a thought seemed implausible, impossible. Why would it come to her if it had been left behind or had escaped Terzini?
Suddenly she heard herself addressing it in a calm, rational tone that sounded contradictory to what she was feeling.
“Are you going to kill me?  Did Terzini send you for me?”
The creature responded with shock initially, narrowing its eyes and creasing the space between them as its head shot back as if upset by the mere implication.  Clearly astounded and possibly hurt by her queries, it began shaking its head from side to side in disagreement.
Melissa realized it could not communicate verbally, that gestures and its facial expression would have to suffice.  More importantly, it did not appear to want to hurt her.  In fact, it looked pathetic.
“Untie me,” she ordered the creature.  “I have to leave.  Why are you keeping me prisoner?” she asked, but knew he could not explain.
It immediately began pacing.  Her question had clearly raised conflict within him; its back and forth walking in the limited space between the couch and rocking chair indicated as such.  It scrunched its meager features as it strode, appeared genuinely distraught.
“Please, people are going to be looking for me.  I cannot stay here.”
To Melissa’s surprise, it dropped to its knees and placed its two hands together in front of it.  Though she couldn’t be sure it wasn’t praying to some foreign deity Terzini had manufactured in his lab, she felt confident his body language was beseeching, that he was begging her to stay.  Then it rose to its feet and gestured with one hand, scooping into an imaginary bowl then bringing it to its mouth.  It appeared to be asking her if she was hungry.
Melissa could not believe it had the audacity to think she wanted to eat!  She had been kidnapped and tied to her murdered neighbor’s rocking chair.  Food was the farthest thing from her mind. 
Survival instinct overtook her.  She began thrashing, tilting the rocking chair from side to side rather than back and forth.
“No!  I do not want to eat!  I want to leave!  Let me go!” she screamed.
The creature briefly looked as though it had been slapped.  Stunned stillness precipitated a wounded expression on face.  Its posture suggested that her outburst had hurt it.  Its shoulders slumped dejectedly. It lowered its head woefully. 
Slowly, it walked past her, picked up a remote control that sat atop the coffee table and turned on the television then ran from the room like a child. 
Melissa’s mind felt as though it were teetering on the apex of great precipice, that at any moment it would plunge into an unfathomable void from which there was no return.  People created in tanks with superior DNA, genius geneticists who sought to transform humanity, a monster that wanted to feed her and keep her like a pet, all of it was madness, an incalculable departure from sanity.  She could not, and would not, remain where she was.  She began feverishly rubbing her arms together to loosen her restraints but to no avail.  They were tightly knotted.  The minuscule give she felt was for her comfort and nothing else.
After several moments passed and the creature didn’t return, she called out to it, asked it to come back.  When it did, she begged it to let her go, to release her.  It did not gesture or wave.  It ran away from her. 
She wobbled wildly once again and toppled the rocking chair.  From her position on the floor, she was afforded a clearer view of the late Miss Harriet.  Melissa began to cry.  She sobbed for quite some time, she was uncertain of how long.  Mercifully, mental exhaustion overtook her and she drifted off to sleep. 

Chapter 20 

Gabriel awakened several times during the night.  His sleep was fitful, filled with the same dream that repeated continually, looping like a film reel until finally interrupted by the sound of his own protests.
In his sleep, he would see her clearly.  She sat atop a picnic table, bathed in a golden glow.  The natural highlights in her hair shimmered, haloing her like a gilded crown.  Her eyes blazed green as emeralds fired by sunlight.  She was breathtaking.  Before her lay rolling hills colored in shades of red, yellow and orange.  He knew the place, had been there with her in the fall less than half a year earlier.  But in his dreams, it was not he that was with Melissa.  She was with another.  She sat with her knees nearly touching him, the tall and thin boy with dark hair.
Gabriel called to her to get her attention and let her know he was there but she did not hear him.  He moved closer, stood right beside her and called to her once again.  Still, she did not respond.  He reached out and tried to touch her only his hand passed through as powerless and weightless as a shadow.  He called out to the boy with the dark hair, called him by name.  Eric heard him and turned his head.  As he looked to Gabriel, his face was not Eric’s.  Instead, he had feline features.  Widely spaced eyes the color of honey stared at him challengingly and his thin mouth twisted into a cruel smile.  He reached his hands out and grabbed Melissa by the throat and began to squeeze.  Melissa did not fight.  Gabriel swung at him but his blows were ineffective, nonexistent. 
Each time he woke he was screaming, drenched in perspiration and left with the same sinking feeling.  He was certain Eugene had not been the person he saw with Melissa in her bedroom the night before.  He did not believe Eric intended to choke her.  But the thought of Eric’s arms around her, and hers around him, gave him an unparalleled feeling of dread, of misery.  He did not blame her for moving on.  He could not fault her for seeking comfort from someone else.  He had been gone for a long time.  After what they had been through together, after the traumatic events leading up to his departure, he understood her need for protection, for warmth.  What he did not understand was her decision to be with Eric.  Eric and his friends were who he had fought, who he had protected her from.  For Melissa to have Eric as her boyfriend, she would have had to forgive him of his long list of transgressions against her.  Gabriel knew Melissa to be a sympathetic and compassionate person, but marveled at the notion that even she could possess the capacity to overlook the things Eric had done to her. 
The sun had not yet risen when Gabriel finally gave up on sleep and resigned to shower and dress for the day.  A few hours later, Yoshi woke and knocked on his motel room door.  After a quick breakfast, complements of the motel and a trip to the mall, they drove back to Harbingers Falls and parked in the lot behind Harbingers High School and waited.
From the driver’s side of the Cherokee, Gabriel watched as former classmates came and went.  No one recognized him as they passed, despite his rather unoriginal disguise.  Dark sunglasses and a baseball cap pulled low over his forehead served as his concealment. 
Seeing students he used to socialize with in his early days at Harbingers High School caused an unexpected pang of sadness.  Their faces and the hustle and bustle of racing to class brought to mind the first time he saw Melissa, how she stood out among them.  The pang quickly transitioned to a squeezing feeling in his chest that traveled the length of his neck and constricted his throat.  
His reaction was suspended as he saw Yoshi’s small frame moving against the tide of students that swelled toward the rear entrance just as the bell rang signaling the end of lunch.  He bobbed like a buoy in breakers, his face expressive, his gestures animated.  When finally freed from the chaos of the crowd, Yoshi looked over his shoulder in exasperation then climbed in to Gabriel’s waiting SUV.
“She’s not in there,” Yoshi declared.  “I spoke to a few people and no one had seen her.  Two of the kids I talked to had classes with her this morning but she never showed.”
“Why wouldn’t she be in school today?”  Gabriel said more to himself that Yoshi.  “If something happened to her,” he did not finish his sentence and instead slammed his fist against the steering wheel. 
“I hate to say this, but I also asked about that Eric Sala kid and he isn’t in school today either.”
Though he was hurt by the realization that Melissa and Eric were absent together, he felt the bit of relief that she was likely skipping school with her boyfriend and was probably fine.  Gabriel felt the sinking feeling return and silently chastised himself for being so ill-equipped to deal with her moving on.
“Sorry man,” Yoshi began but was immediately distracted.  “Whoa, who’s that?” he asked but Gabriel didn’t bother turning.  He was descending into a dark, depressive depth he’d never been before.
“She’s the most gorgeous girl I’ve ever seen,” Yoshi admired.  “I’ve seen the beautiful women of America, you know, the actresses and models, but she is, wow, she’s gorgeous.”
Gabriel was only half listening to his friend as a flash of black streaked past him.  He would have missed it if he hadn’t looked up at the moment he did.  Lengths of raven hair trailed a female figure, a familiar figure, just two cars away.  He lowered his window and heard a string of profanities issued and instantly knew who it was.
Alexandra Geogopolous huddled against her red 2010 Ford Mustang and swore as she fumbled for her keys.  Gabriel couldn’t help but laugh.  Alexandra was unaccustomed to the responsibility of key location, and car possession in general because, despite having the car for some time, Alexandra continually lost her privilege to drive it as a result of her foul mouth and resistance to the imposition of her parent’s rules, or at least that’s what Melissa had told him when he’d asked about her frequent presence in Daniella’s front seat.
On impulse, he got out of the car with Yoshi in tow and approached her.  Yoshi’s mouth stood open, his eyes wide as he walked toward her.
“Close your mouth, Yoshi.  You’re embarrassing yourself,” Gabriel warned.
She looked up and immediately recognized him. With a broad smile, she embraced him then promptly stepped back.
“Gabriel!” she said excitedly.  “What the fuck, you’re back?  Where’s Melissa?”
“She’s not with me.  She must be with her boyfriend,” Gabriel said as diplomatically as he could.
“Boyfriend?  What boyfriend?” 
“Come on, Alex, you don’t have to pretend.  I know about him and I’m not thrilled, but I get it.”
“Hold on, Gabriel.  You may think you know something, but you are way off,” she said testily.
“It’s okay, Alex, you don’t have to lie for my benefit.”
“First of all, I am not a liar, and second of all, how dare you even say that about Melissa when all she’s done for the last five months is whine and moan about you, waiting for you to come back.”
“I saw them!  I saw her with him, with my own two eyes. And so did he,” Gabriel said and gestured to Yoshi who stood beside him.
“Look, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about or what you think you saw, but she definitely does not have a boyfriend.”
“Alex, stop it.  I know okay, I know about Eric Sala, that she’s dating him.”
Alexandra wrinkled her nose in disgust.
“Are you out of your fucking mind!” she exploded.  “You must be if you think she’d date that asshole!  You must have taken up smoking crack while you were gone if something that fucking stupid sounds right to you!”
“We saw them together at her house, on her bed.  They were hugging,” Gabriel spat.  “Tell her Yoshi.”
Gabriel turned to Yoshi expecting him to deliver a full report to Alexandra.  But instead of a detailed account of what he saw at Melissa’s, he simply stood, as if frozen, with his lips slightly parted, unblinking, staring at Alexandra.
“Yoshi!” Gabriel barked.
Yoshi remained silent as if entranced by Alexandra’s presence.  The only discernible change in his demeanor was his coloring.  His cheeks flushed to a shade of scarlet Gabriel had only seen him wear when training intensely.
“Tell her what we saw,” Gabriel attempted again.
Finally, his friend responded with pressured speech that was almost unintelligible.
“We saw them at her house,” he said firing the words in rapid succession before tuning a deeper shade of garnet.
“What?” Alexandra asked incredulously.  “There’s no way.  I don’t know what you think you saw, but I would know if she was hanging out with Eric.”
“Where is she today then?” Gabriel questioned.
“I don’t know.  I was getting a little worried she was sick or something because I’ve been calling her cell phone since last night and she hasn’t returned any of my calls.”
“That’s because she’s with Eric,” Gabriel enunciated each word to punctuate his point. “Eric isn’t in school today either.  You do the math.”
“There is no fucking way.  Something’s wrong here.”
“Well, we are going to find her.  I don’t care who she’s dating,” Gabriel lied.  “I just need to make sure she’s safe.”
“Safe from what?”
“From Kevin, Chris, and John.”
“Let me get the rest of my stuff from my car and I’ll come with you.”
“No.  Just stay here.  I don’t want you cutting school and getting your car taken away again.”
“Cut the shit, Gabriel!  I’m coming with you.”
“Alex, no!”
Alexandra pushed passed Gabriel and Yoshi and then turned back to them.
“If something’s wrong with my friend and you think I’m staying here, you’re definitely on crack,” she asserted then tapped her foot impatiently.
Gabriel unlocked the Cherokee with a push of a button on his keychain.  The car beeped twice and the headlights flashed.
Alexandra called out “Shotgun!” then proceeded to climb into the front seat.  Yoshi stood with his hands out, palms facing upward with a look of bewilderment on his face.  Shocked by the turn of events, he reluctantly assumed his seat in the rear of the vehicle.
Gabriel climbed into the driver’s seat, turned the key in the ignition and they left the grounds of Harbingers High School in search of Melissa.

Chapter 21

The faceless man hid in the kitchen as Melissa napped on the floor of the living room.  He’d heard her struggle before a loud crash had sounded.  He had covered his ears, terrified of the noise.  When silence had followed, he’d thought it safe to remove his hands.  He had peeked around the corner into the living room and had seen the rocking chair overturned, had heard her sobbing.  He had covered his ears and curled into a ball once again on the cold, vinyl flooring.
He remained, in a bowed position, for an undefined amount of time, uncertain of many things.  All he knew was that the sobbing had ceased and that the house was far brighter. 
Long shadows stretched languidly across the dingy dark-yellow walls.  Scary shapes emerged from oddly shaped appliances, made it difficult for him to relax, to rest.
He had fretted incessantly throughout the night, fretted still.  Things were not going as he’d hoped they would and he was destroying his last chance at friendship.
He tensed briefly in his bent pose then released his hand from its resting place between his knees, retracted it and promptly thumped it against his temple.  He silently scolded himself for being such a fool.   He drew his fist back farther and punched himself a second time in frustration.
He gradually pushed himself up to a seated position.  His head throbbed, his hand ached.  He felt sad for himself.
He had not had an easy stretch of time.  He had held Melissa captive for an entire night.  He knew that friends did not do things like that; they did not hold one another hostage for hours on end.  He was uncertain of the details of friendship, of the specifications entailed in such a social contract, but he was sure kidnapping and captivity were not included within them.  But he’d had no other option.  If he had untied her, she would have fled.  Even still, he knew if were were to march into the living room and cut the rope from her wrists and ankles, she would run away from him, run away forever to Gabriel and forget all about him.  He did not want to be abandoned or forgotten.
In an effort to prevent such an occurrence, he had attempted several times during the night to make her understand that his intentions were innocent, that he wanted to make her more comfortable and happy.  He wanted her to see that she’d been contented by friendship with him, that he was pleasing.  But each time he appeared, she would become agitated and upset.  The sound of her crying, her tear-riddled pleas for release, were more than he could bear.  She hadn’t been cruel like the other horrible people he’d encountered but she was very emotional.
Her emotional state did not appear overly volatile.  She did not seem as though she would attack him with a mop, or a rolling pin, or her hands, but she did seem as if she was intent on leaving.  She had said repeatedly that she wanted to leave.
Melissa’s desire to leave had hurt him deeply. 
His hurt motivated him to try harder, though.  Sitting on the vinyl floor patterned with mustard and brown-colored flowers and trailed with alarming, darkened shapes, the faceless man resolved to try again.  He had to.  She needed to see that he needed her and that he would be the best friend she would ever have, that he would never disappoint her.
The faceless man rose to his feet and straightened his posture as much as his curved torso allowed.  He walked to the sink and turned on both faucets.  He touched the stream of water that flowed gingerly.  Once confident he would not burn his delicate skin, he cupped his hands and filled them with water and began splashing it on his face.  He wanted to cleanse himself before his final attempt at convincing her.  He pumped soap from the dispenser and scrubbed his entire head before dispensing more to just his forefinger then running it across his small, pointed teeth.  Hygiene could only help matters.
When he felt he’d been sufficiently cleaned, he walked slowly into the living room.  He saw her on the floor.  She rested on her side with the rocking chair tipped over.  She saw him as well.  Tears welled in her eyes and rolled down her cheeks.
He wondered how she could do such a thing to him, to cry at the sight of him.  He felt sympathy for her predicament but at the same time felt entitled to happiness.  She was the linchpin to his happiness yet she cried.  The entire arrangement presented a conundrum.  The only point that was clear to him was that he could not endure more crying.  Her tears pained him too greatly.  And he did not deserve to be pained. 
He began backing out of the room.
“Where are you going?” she asked him between sobs.  “Please don’t leave!”
He covered his ears with his hands again.
“You have to let me go.  Please!  People will be looking for me!”
Her desperate weeping was dreadful.  The faceless man began to feel his heart rate accelerate dangerously at the sound of it.  His breathing became shallow and his brow dampened with beads of perspiration.  In his stomach, it felt as though thousands of butterflies emerged from their chrysalides and beat their wings against its lining.  He needed to leave, immediately.
He turned on his heels then on legs that trembled, he ran back to the safety of the kitchen.
Melissa continued to cry; he could still hear her.  He didn’t know what to do.  He was going to have to untie her sooner or later.  Untying her was the only way to earn her trust, and he knew trust was implicit in the terms of friendship.  Buy if he untied her and she tried to leave or hurt him, she might be lost forever just as the others before her had been.

Chapter 22

Gabriel, Yoshi and Alexandra turned on to Blackstone Drive.  Direct sunlight blinded them as they rounded the corner and the Jeep Cherokee managed the steep incline with ease.  The street was lit by afternoon light, lemon-hued, pale and dazzling.  The nighttime rainfall enriched the lushness of the surrounding greenery and deepened their color to a rich shade of emerald.  The landscape was a vibrant palette illuminated by pastel sunlight.
Gabriel squinted against the glare then remembered his disguise that included dark sunglasses that rested on the back seat next to Yoshi.  He regretted not wearing both, but not as much as regretted leaving Harbingers Falls five months ago.  He felt the same sensation of nervousness in his stomach as he had the previous night, but his current feeling was a result of uneasiness rather than anticipation.  With his insides quavering, he turned in to Melissa’s driveway and immediately noticed an older model Camry parked in it.
“See, what did I tell you?  That’s the same car that was here last night, Eric’s car I presume,” Gabriel told Yoshi and Alexandra.
“Uh, no jerkwad, that’s Melissa’s car,” she said gesturing to a late model Toyota.  “Her dad let her get her license and use some of her savings to buy that thing.”
“Oh, she didn’t tell me,” Gabriel said quietly.
“Well maybe if you would have called her more often, you would have known,” Alexandra accused.
Gabriel was stunned by her words.  And hurt.  He did not have a biting comeback, didn’t need one.  Alexandra was right.  She was right to be mad with him just as Melissa was right to move on.  He chose to disappear to one of the remotest places on Earth.  The fault rested with him, for everything.  He blamed himself for every moment of Melissa’s life that he’d missed, every significant event.  She had needed him, but he had been gone.
Downcast, he reluctantly got out of the car and moved to the front door.  Alexandra and Yoshi followed. Alexandra pushed in front of him and Yoshi and rang the doorbell.  They waited several seconds.  No one answered.  All was quiet at the Martin residence.
Alexandra rapped her knuckles against the door, and still, no one answered.
“I don’t get it.  Her car is here,” Alex said with concern.
“That’s because she’s not here and is probably out with Eric,” Gabriel said miserably.
Alexandra spun on her heels to face him.  Her deep-brown eyes darkened dangerously to a smoldering onyx.  She wore her anger plainly.
“She is not out with Eric!” Alexandra pronounced each word slowly and loudly.  “You are starting to really piss me off, Gabriel!  I made it clear to you back at the school that all she’s done is cry about you since you left.  She’s only gone out, like, one time.  She was so miserable, I was actually starting to get worried about her, and you have the balls to start this shit about Eric again!” she fumed.
“Alex, I’m sorry.  I’m not trying to upset you, and I believe you when you say she had a hard time after I left, but is it possible she didn’t tell you about Eric because of what happened, because maybe she thought you’d freak out about it?”
“Not possible,” Alexandra said confidently then added, “Forget about the Eric shit for a second if that’s possible.  I’m starting to get worried.  Maybe something’s wrong.”
“If something happened, her father would have called you, right?”
“Yeah, if he was home but he’s away this weekend.  In fact, she said she was probably going to stay with me.  She didn’t want to be alone when he was gone.  But she never called me.  I just assumed she changed her mind or that her dad decided not to go.  He’s clearly not here, and she’s not answering the door, or her phone.  I’m really worried now.”
Yoshi, who had been silently observing Gabriel’s interaction with Alexandra, turned from them and began inspecting the exterior of the house.  He stood on his tippy toes and peered into the windows of the garage.
“Alexandra’s right,” Yoshi said.  “There’s no car in the garage, so her dad’s not here.”
“I’ll go look around back and see if there are any broken windows,” Alexandra added, worry lacing her words. “Or if anyone’s inside.  For all we know, Melissa’s asleep on the couch.”
“I hope she’s alone,” Gabriel muttered to himself.  
Alexandra overheard his comment and shot him a withering glance.  
“What?” he asked. 
“So you think she’s doing it with Eric on the couch or something?” she said through her teeth.
“I didn’t mean, I wasn’t trying to imply,” he stammered.  “I wasn’t saying that I think she and Eric are sleeping together on the couch, Alex.  Get your mind out of the gutter!”
“Then what did you mean?”  
“I meant I hope Melissa is alone, that’s all.  If she’s sick, I hope he is not with her.” 
Alexandra stared hard at Gabriel.  He wondered if she were contemplating an attack of some sort until she turned from him suddenly and began walking around the house.  She paused in the driveway and pointed up above it. 
“Look! Do you see that?”  Alexandra asked both he and Yoshi.
“The window,” Yoshi replied.  “It’s wide open.  The screen is up, too.”
Gabriel looked up to the window and saw that her curtain billowed in the slight breeze, that the screen was lifted as was the pane.  He felt his mind unravel like a spool of thread only the reel had disappeared, rolled off into the void, his only lead a seemingly unlimited length of ribbon he intuited he must follow.
He rushed to the oak that stood beside her house and scaled it with speed he never knew he possessed.  He did not know what he rushed toward, just knew that time was somehow constrained, like an enormous hourglass had been overturned and each grain of sand that fell profoundly impacted Melissa’s fate. 
Once on the roof of the garage, he quickly scrambled up the shingles and dove headlong into her opened window. 
“Gabriel, is she in there?”  Alexandra shouted from the ground below.
Gabriel did not respond right away.  He looked around her room, processing every detail of its condition.  The room was in shambles.  Melissa had never been the neatest of people but the room was messy by her standards.  The chair by her desk that sat just under the window had been knocked over.  Her purse sat atop her dresser and her cell phone beeped from beneath a sweater. 
Gabriel crossed her room, ran down the hallway and descended the staircase.
“Melissa!” he shouted as he quickly scanned each room. 
He did not search the basement.  Instead, he opened the front door.  Alexandra burst through, her eyeliner-rimmed eyes brimming with tears.
“Why didn’t you answer me?” she screamed.  “Didn’t you hear me call you?  She’s not there is she?  But something happened.  I can see it on your face.”
Alexandra’s voice was shrill, bordering on hysterical.
“Calm down, Alex.  Let me check downstairs then we’ll be certain she’s not here, okay?”
“I’m coming with you,” she said tearfully.
“Fine, we’ll go together.”
Gabriel stepped from the foyer into the main hallway followed by Yoshi and Alexandra and opened a door along the wall.  Beyond the entryway was a painted, wooden flight of steps leading to the basement. 
Once the door was opened, he was immediately greeted with silence.  The silence unsettled him, profoundly.  He remembered the last time he entered the Martin household and was met with preternatural stillness.  Death had not claimed a loved one then, he hoped it did not claim one now.  He would not survive Melissa’s demise.  And in the darkest recesses of his core, he felt Melissa was in danger. 
With Melissa’s imperiled image in his mind, he stepped cautiously from each tread to the next and held fast to the guardrails on either side of the partially finished staircase.  He stepped off the last rung of the staircase and on to the black linoleum flooring.  He found the light switch and turned on the overhead fixtures then quickly surveyed the room.  The furnishing remained the same.  A weight bench and an array of free-weight plates and bars, a Bowflex exercise machine, a treadmill, an elliptical trainer and a power cage were exactly as they when last he saw them.  
The open floor plan afforded him an unobstructed view of the entire room.  Melissa was not there.
“This is bizarre, Gabriel,” Alexandra said in a composed voice.  “Where the hell could she be?”
“I don’t know,” Gabriel replied.
“I know you think I’m overreacting about this, that she’s just off with that douche, Eric.  But I really feel something is wrong here.”
“So do I,” Gabriel admitted.
“Let’s go back upstairs to Melissa’s room and see if there’s anything to suggest her whereabouts,” Yoshi offered.
“Good idea, Yoshi.  Come on Alex,” Gabriel said and gestured for both she and Yoshi to go ahead of him up the staircase.
At the top of the basement steps, he closed the door behind him and paused to listen.  The house was still except for the hum and whir of major appliances in the kitchen. 
Alexandra and Yoshi moved quickly up the main staircase in the house toward Melissa’s room.  Gabriel scanned Christopher Martin’s room.  Nothing appeared to be disturbed.  The spare bedroom remained untouched as well.  Just Melissa’s room was in a state of disarray.
“What the fuck?” Alexandra exclaimed as she entered Melissa’s bedroom.  She covered her mouth with both hands and a pained expression overtook her aspect.
“It looks like there was a struggle,” Yoshi observed then moved to the overturned chair.  “See here, where the chair is turned over is right below the open window.”
Gabriel noticed the chair as soon as he climbed through the window.  He narrowly avoided injury because of its positioning.  Hearing Yoshi formally catalog each suspicious characteristic of the room justified his growing concern, exacerbated it.
“And her phone!” Alexandra cried.  “It’s right here.” 
Alexandra bent down and picked up her friend’s cellular phone. She touched the screen causing it to illuminate instantly.  Her fingertips moved quickly as she tapped at the monitor before reporting her findings.
“Eleven missed calls.  They are divided pretty evenly between my cell number, her dad’s and Daniella’s,” she said then added, “And there are no numbers on here that I don’t recognize so your stupid Eric theory is just that, stupid.”  
“Is this her purse?” Yoshi asked as he lifted a black, rectangular handbag.
“It is!”  Alexandra confirmed.  “Something terrible has happened.  Melissa would never leave without her cell phone and purse.”
“It’s Kevin,” Gabriel heard himself say.  He had been thinking it all along but was loath to speak the words aloud for fear that verbalization might somehow validate his suspicions.  He knew his thought process had been irrational, foolish even, but an indescribable presentiment warned him that Kevin and his friends were somehow connected to all that had happened. 
“You really think so?” Alexandra asked.
“That’s the guy you read about at the Internet café, right?” Yoshi questioned.
“Yes and yes. He is the guy I read about,” he said to Yoshi then looked to Alexandra and said, “I think they’re involved, directly or indirectly.”
“What do we do next?  Call the police?”
“We can’t do that,” Gabriel cautioned. “All we have here is an open window and a cell phone.  And also, I’m not supposed to be here, remember?”
“Right,” she replied.  “So what’s our next move?”
Gabriel thought for a moment and suddenly the answer became clear.
“Let’s go to my house,” Gabriel said.
“Your house?” Yoshi and Alexandra said in unison.
“You know, the house I lived in when I was in Harbingers Falls with Terzini.  Think about it, it would be the perfect place to take her.  It’s abandoned, secluded and no one but me would think to go there and look for her.  And they think I’m gone.”
“Huh, interesting,” Yoshi mumbled as he stroked his chin pensively.
“Let’s not waste time standing around,” Alexandra stated as she exited Melissa’s bedroom, strode to the steps and out the front door.
Gabriel and Yoshi followed.  They all climbed into Gabriel’s rented Jeep and traveled to the house he’d lived in with Dr. Franklin Terzini just five months earlier.
The drive took less than ten minutes.  The Jeep mastered the narrow, winding roads of Harbingers Falls as if it perceived the intended route, hugging each sharp turn and adjusting to varying road conditions expertly.  When finally he reached the private road that doubled as his driveway during his earliest days, a familiar knot twisted in his stomach.  He turned down the long, gravel-filled path and his former residence came into view.  The house, constructed with cream-colored brick and trimmed in forest green, was a Victorian Gothic-style structure.  It had been constructed from materials of different colors and textures and displayed ornate carvings in a foliated pattern.  Pointed arch windows and doors highlighted potential entryways for curious teenagers looking for a deserted place to hang out and party.  An expansive deck wrapped around from the front of the house to the rear and was filled with leaves and debris.   Even in a state of abandonment, the overall appearance of the house was stately, impressive.  
“Holy shit!” Alexandra gaped. “You live here, or used to live here?”
“Um, yeah,” Gabriel replied self-consciously.
Gabriel drove them to the end of the long driveway and parked outside the three-car garage port.
“This place is amazing,” Alexandra commented again.
“It is pretty impressive,” Yoshi chimed in and thumped Gabriel on the back.  Yoshi was the only one among them who knew the details of Gabriel’s origins and of his stay in Harbingers Falls.  He also knew of what lay beneath the grounds of the grand Victorian.
“Thanks, I guess,” Gabriel said awkwardly. 
After exiting the car, they climbed the steps of the porch and Gabriel produced a key.  Though the house had not changed much on the outside save for a broken window, the inside had undergone tremendous change.  Books had been toppled from built-in, floor-to-ceiling bookshelves, the exquisite furniture had been defaced with cigarette burns and food stains, beer cans littered the once-pristine hardwood flooring and a suspicious odor he could not place lingered in the air.
“This place smells like pot,” Alexandra announced.
“Pot, as in marijuana?”
“That would be it, smarty pants,” she replied.
He watched as Alexandra walked around inspecting his former home.  “There doesn’t seem to be anyone here, now,” she observed.  “But I’m guessing there are, like, a million places she could be in this place.”
“Yeah, and there weren’t any cars on the property or surrounding area,” Yoshi offered.  “I don’t think she’s here, man.”
“Well, let’s look here in the house first.  Then we can look elsewhere,” Gabriel said ambiguously. “Obviously, this place has been someone’s hangout.  And Kevin, Chris, John and Eric were the only people other than Melissa that knew where I lived.”
“I’ll look upstairs,” Alexandra said as she moved to the staircase.
“I’ll look in the downstairs,” Yoshi said.  “Gabriel, why don’t you start on this floor?”
Each began their respective search.  Gabriel unearthed nothing of interest.  He found ashtray and empty cigarette boxes, more beer cans and bottles and an abundance of trash that ranged from gum wrappers to empty potato chip bags.  Nothing stood out as evidence that Melissa had been there.
Suddenly, a loud shriek sliced through the stillness of the abandoned house.
“Oh my God!” Alexandra screamed from upstairs.  She repeated the phrase continually in the same terrified pitch until Gabriel flew up the staircase and down a long corridor to his former room.  Yoshi arrived seconds after he did.  They flanked a trembling Alexandra and looked in the direction she pointed.
Before them, in what once existed as Gabriel’s closet, was Eric Sala.  His body slumped lifelessly against the far wall.  Bruises covered the ashen skin of his face, neck and arms mottling him with discolorations of varying shades and sizes.  His eyes stared straight ahead in a perpetual expression of vacancy.  But his mouth betrayed the vacuous, drawn appearance of his eyes for it remained open, as if screaming silently in horror. 
Alexandra finally stopped screaming, shock seemed to have settled upon her.  Her skin had paled unhealthily and in a trembling voice she said, “I can’t believe what I’m looking at.  I mean, he’s–he’s dead.”
“He looks like he was beaten to death,” Yoshi added softly, unable to look away from the horrendous display before him.
But Gabriel hardly heard them over the thundering in his ears.  His mind raced as terrifying, unthinkable scenarios played out.  He began to panic.
He sprinted out of the room and inspected the remaining three on the floor, entering and searching closet spaces and corners.
“Gabriel, you okay?” Yoshi asked.  “I know he wasn’t your friend or anything but that was gruesome.”
Sweat dappled his forehead as he feverishly tore off dusty bedding from beds and stooped to look under them.
“Don’t’ you get it, Yoshi?” he began.  “If something happened to her, to Melissa, I saw her and could have stopped it.”
Yoshi looked at him solemnly.
“We both saw her and how could we have predicted or stopped something like that.”
Alexandra’s voice distracted them again from hallway. 
“Guys!” she called.  “Guys, we have to go, now!  It’s them!  They’re here!”
She stood looking out a large window in the center of the corridor and pointed with a shaky hand to the long, gravel-filled driveway beyond its pane.  A sleek black Infiniti Sports Coupe sped brazenly down the pathway and raced toward the house.
“We’ve got to leave Gabriel, now!  They’ll kill us!  They’ll kill us, too!” Alexandra shrieked.
Pure, unadulterated rage began to course through Gabriel’s veins.  It throbbed and hummed through him like an electrical current, connecting and awakening every cell in his body.  His senses felt heighten, charged beyond their extraordinary capacity.  Every part of him hissed and crackled like high-voltage live wiring, exposed, dangerous. 
“We’re not going anywhere,” he growled. 
He descended the staircase, took two at a time, until he reached the landing.  He positioned himself before the front door.  He fortified his stance, and waited.
Kevin Anderson opened the unlocked front door.  John and Chris trailed behind him.  As he stepped through the threshold, a look of shock flashed across his features.  His face revealed that he did not expect to see Gabriel waiting, readied, on the other side of the door.  Gabriel watched as he instantly regained his composure and smiled sardonically at him.
Gabriel felt his temper flare.  Yoshi joined him and stood at his side.
“Where is she?” Gabriel demanded. 
“Don’t know, but now that you’re back, she’s dead,” Kevin said confidently.
Gabriel struggled to control the rage that surged inside him and refrained from fighting Kevin in that moment; to do so would have been reckless.  He needed information; he needed to know where Melissa was.
“You know where she is, Kevin,” Gabriel accused. “Are you going to tell me, or do I have to beat it out of you?”
“Oh no, you’re scaring me, Gabriel,” Kevin mocked.  “Ha! You’re a joke.  And you don’t even realize that once you’re dead–and you will be dead very soon–we’re going to kill her, too!”
“Like hell you are!” Gabriel exploded.
“Temper, temper Gabriel!”  Kevin warned.  “We’re different than we used to be.  We have the same modifications you have, and there are three of us and just one-and-a-half of you.”  He gestured to Yoshi and laughed.  “We’re stronger and faster than you.  You’re the one at the disadvantage now.”
Kevin began to laugh, a strange, staccato laugh.  Everything about him, his posture, his facial expressions, his attitude and mannerisms, was different.  Gabriel had had several run-ins with him in the past; he’d never behaved as he did now.  He had possessed a swagger in the past, but never the courage or means to back it up.
Gabriel moved boldly toward Kevin, disregarding the considerably height discrepancy.
“Stop running your mouth and show me,” Gabriel challenged.
Without hesitation, Kevin charged at him, moving faster than Gabriel remembered, faster than was human.  Midstride, Kevin extended his formidable arm and swung his fist at him.  His athletic rapidity and reflexes was far quicker than Gabriel remembered, more coordinated.  Yet Kevin maintained his aimless, emotional style.  He remained careless, sloppy.  And though Kevin’s disordered attack was swift, Gabriel perceived it as if it were happening in slow motion, how Kevin sprung forward punching with his right fist while his left knee lunged ahead, vulnerable, exposed. 
Gabriel immediately capitalized on Kevin’s weakness, his careless approach, and turned on the ball of his foot while the other launched out and drove directly into Kevin’s kneecap.  A sickly snapping sound reverberated through the abandoned Victorian followed by a howl of pain as Kevin began falling to the floor.  But before his body ever touched the once gleaming hardwoods, Gabriel hurled a roundhouse kick.  His airborne foot connected with Kevin’s face just as his splintered leg met with the floor below him.  His body jerked backward on impact and his large frame was thrust against the interior wall of the vestibule. As he slammed into the wall, he knocked a massive oil painting from its supports.  It crashed down atop his head just as he collapsed to the floor.  He did not move or stir as consciousness seeped from him.
“I guess some things never change,” he muttered as he regarded Kevin’s still form huddled against the wall. 
Gabriel assessed that despite modifications evidenced by Kevin’s improved strength and speed, his abilities still remained superior in every sense.  His training in Motuo County served to further enhance his genetic aptitude, to refine his talents.  Hours spent training with Yoshi and his father in the ancient martial art of Kalarippayattu sharpened his awareness of his surroundings and opponents, reinforced his reaction time and reflexes, improved his flexibility and offered him a stratospheric level of combat proficiency. 
The sound of footsteps behind him caused Gabriel to turn and glance up.  As he did, he saw that Chris and John had descended upon Yoshi.  He quickly moved to assist his friend. 
John challenged Yoshi and clearly operated on the assumption that his enhanced might would be sufficient to best his diminutive adversary.  Gabriel noticed from the corner of his eye how he swung with tremendous force but wildly, making plain that he possessed strength but lacked strategy.  Yoshi, on the other hand, bobbed and weaved as if he anticipated John’s every move avoiding blow after blow with speed and dexterity.  Yoshi handled the genetically augmented athlete who outweighed him by roughly one hundred pounds and stood nearly a foot taller adroitly, expertly.  John did not show signs of physical exhaustion but Yoshi appeared tired by toying with his opponent.  He quickly switched from avoiding blows to deflecting them, and answering them.  Within seconds, Yoshi demonstrated the power of his extensive training and landed direct shot after direct shot in succession until John, bested, fell to the floor a huddled heap of defeat.  
Chris, seeing his friend go down, circled Gabriel tentatively, as if formulating a plan of some sort.  Whatever plan he may or may not have intended to execute was swiftly upended when Gabriel surprised him and attacked first, striking him in the torso.  Chris doubled over immediately and clutched his midsection.  As he hunched forward, Gabriel placed the entirety of his might behind his fist and punched him in the face.  The blow knocked him from his knees to the floor.  His body flopped sideways then fell still.
Gabriel and Yoshi, saturated with adrenaline, were prepared to topple anyone who attempted to stand.  Neither spoke but both remained intensely focused breathing in short, quick breaths.  But a strange squeal diverted their readied concentration.  The sound bordered on delight and repulsion and came from the landing at the bottom of the staircase. 
Alexandra stood perfectly still with her hands covering her mouth, her eyes round.  Gabriel could not tell whether she was happy or horrified. 
“Alex,” Gabriel said softly.  “Are you okay?”
She did not respond but went silent instead.  Fearing shock, Gabriel rushed to her with Yoshi steps behind him.  When he was just an arm’s length from her, he moved cautiously toward her, unsure if her eyes even focused on him.
Without warning, she became extremely animated.
“Holy shit!” she exclaimed exuberantly.  “That was fucking awesome!  Melissa said you could fight, but I never dreamed you could do that! And Yoshi, you’re an ass-kicking machine!”  Her words escaped her lips rapidly.  She fired each in such quick progression, Gabriel had trouble keeping up.
Gabriel’s attention was dissuaded from Alexandra’s rambling to movement from Chris.  He moaned audibly and waved his arm feebly.  Gabriel looked to Alexandra who did not appear to be suffering from shock and with a nod, left her in Yoshi’s charge.
He stepped from the landing and crossed the foyer to the far corner of the passage and collared Chris by the front of his shirt.
“Where is she?” he demanded and drew his fist back and angled it to strike.  “Tell me!”
“I don’t know, really.  We didn’t do anything to her,” Chris said in an even voice then mumbled, “Yet.”
Ire rose within Gabriel, the likes of which he’d never felt before.  His fisted hand trembled with fury as he discharged it with the force of a spring-loaded bullet, blasting it against Chris’s nose.  Blood gushed from it immediately and bone rendered under the tremendous impact of his punch.  Gabriel released Chris’s shirt and allowed him to fall back to the floor writhing and whimpering in pain.
He returned to where Alexandra and Yoshi stood and caught the tail-end of their conversation.
“Where did you guys learn to fight like that?” he heard her ask as he approached.
“I taught him everything he knows,” Yoshi bragged.
“Wow, that was amazing.  You kick ass for a little guy,” she gushed.
Yoshi face reddened to a bright shade of scarlet as he beamed at Alexandra’s compliment.
“Ahem,” Gabriel interrupted. 
“Did you find out where she is?” Yoshi asked.
“No.  He said he didn’t know where she is.  And I believe him.”
“Where the hell could she be?” Alexandra asked in a panicked voice.
“I don’t know,” Gabriel answered.  “I think we should go back to her house.  We had to have missed something.”
“What about them?”  Yoshi asked and gestured over his shoulder with his thumb to Kevin, John and Chris.
“I don’t know what to do about them, but I doubt they’ll be going anywhere for a while,” Gabriel replied.
Gabriel, Alexandra and Yoshi stepped around the hunched and cowered masses that were strewn about the entrance hall and out into the warm afternoon. They climbed into the Cherokee and headed back to Melissa’s house.

Chapter 23

Eugene pressed the end button on his cellular phone and terminated his brief but informative conversation with Dr. Franklin Terzini.  His maker had shared news with him, news that generated a swirl of excitement within him.
In an invigorating turn of events, he was told he would not be subjected to the torturous task of waiting indefinitely for Gabriel to arrive in America and subsequently, Harbingers Falls.  According to Terzini, Gabriel had taken the proffered bait and returned to rescue his beloved Melissa.  Gabriel was such a fool, attempting to uphold sterling moral rectitude and adhering to emotionally driven urges.  Eugene felt nauseated by Gabriel’s inflated sense of righteousness and romantic impulses and felt them encroach upon his excitement, the thrill of a sanctioned murder. 
Gabriel’s pathetically human emotions threatened to sully his anticipatory delight.  Eugene would not allow for such an imposition, despite his extreme misgivings toward Gabriel and his foolish quest to rescue a useless human being.  He would not surrender the power of pending pleasure to a sanctimonious savior. 
Hate bubbled inside of him.  Eugene could not wait to kill them both, to see their wretched faces as they met with their fate: him.
He also yearned to exterminate the three teenage fools Terzini had shoddily constructed.  His maker had decided that he would recreate Kevin, Chris and John, an act Eugene had serious reservations about.  His issues with their creation were not a matter of ethics; it was personal.  He remembered their murders vividly, and felt somehow deprived of the intensity of his remembrance knowing a variation of their DNA existed on the same planet he walked upon.  Moreover, his maker seemed to put far less effort into their creation than with his previous handiworks. 
Terzini’s recent endeavors lacked the education and refinement both he and Gabriel possessed.  They were endowed with brute strength, but little in the way of anything else.  Without the ability to think on a higher plane than the average man, their power was virtually invalid.  Eugene believed their lowly function was an utter waste of his maker’s genius and an affront to the concept of enhanced humans.  What Terzini did was simply replace Kevin, Chris and John with stronger, faster version of their original selves.  Eugene disdained them and the entire project, but Terzini deemed their existence as crucial to drawing Gabriel out of hiding, and as usual, he had been right.
The sensation their reemergence caused generated media coverage.  Media coverage caught Gabriel’s attention and lured him from whatever hole he’d hidden in and returned him to Harbingers Falls, and a certain death. 
The scent of their death would be intoxicating, exhilarating.  Melissa Martin’s natural secretions intermingled with fear and the sweet-smelling fragrance he hoped she’d be wearing lingered in his olfactory memory.  He suppressed a shudder at the thought of it.  The only element that could further enhance the aroma would be the addition of blood. 
He could not wait to murder her, to hear her preliminary screams and pleas for mercy.  Of course, he would never extend her the courtesy of compassion; it was not in his genetic makeup. 
Eugene’s insides begin to trill once again as bile inundated him, submerged him into dark, deep dominions of venomous hate.  The vitriol he felt engulfed him fully, the thought of multiple deaths teased at him like white-hot flames searing and scorching his flesh from the inside out. 
As his rage sweltered and blazed, he began to unconsciously depress the accelerator pedal of the Hummer.  He trembled involuntarily, no longer able to control the excited rage that boiled inside of him, and stepped down harder on the gas lever.  The powerful engine of the H1 Alpha resisted at first, balking at its substantial weight then surged forward explosively.
The world rushed toward Eugene in a swirl of exaggerated colors, all bright and garish, a kaleidoscopic melee of hues.  The barrage of shapes and shades coupled with his overwhelming bloodlust distracted him from his handling of the Hummer.  He did not realize his acceleration exceeded speed limitations until an equally loud and tasteless display of vulgarity distracted him from behind.
He glanced up at his rearview mirror only to see a riot of flashing lights.  Confused by the brash and glinting display following him, he looked to his speedometer and saw that it revealed he was traveling at ninety miles per hour.
The patrol car that trailed keened loudly, added incessant wailing to its offensive overall presence.  It then began issuing a series of electronic buzzes in addition to the chaotic cacophony that sounded, a clear indication he was being summoned to the side of the road. 
Though it galled him to adhere to the pedestrian rules and regulations of humanity, he conceded they were incumbent.  He would’ve liked nothing more than to continue driving and ignore the orders of the law-enforcement officer, but he knew that doing so would have proved problematic.  Not only would he be unable to outrun the far-reaching network of agents that spanned the highway and bled into each county and town, he also did not wish to aggravate his maker by risking exposure.  Both exposure and provocation would result in his termination.  He could not risk termination; the world deserved him, after all.
Eugene decelerated and pulled his car to the shoulder of the highway.  He watched as an officer parked his cruiser approximately twenty feet behind the Hummer.  He saw the officer hesitate before exiting, clearly taking time to input Eugene’s license plate number into the state Motor Vehicle Database to preview who owned the vehicle, and whether or not the owner had any outstanding warrants or other violations. 
Once the police officer ascertained that his car held no warrants, he would undoubtedly approach the driver’s side of the Hummer and issue Eugene a summons for his excessive rate of travel.  Terzini would not be thrilled with a speeding infraction.  The incident would result in undesirable attention.
Eugene reached to the passenger seat and grabbed his baseball cap and dark sunglasses.  He placed the hat on his head and pulled the brim low over his forehead and concealed his widely spaced, honey-colored eyes with the sunglasses. 
He had just clothed himself in both articles when he noticed a uniformed man approaching from the rear of his Hummer.  He noticed immediately how he strutted with swagger; his chest thrust out, arms at his sides with one hand placed casually on his revolver.
Clad in gray wool trousers and jacket and a wool open road Stetson with a leather security strap, the man strode with confidence but caution, his hand readied at his exposed and holstered weapon.  His tie and the band of his hat were purple, a distinction of membership to an elite group.  Eugene suppressed a smile at the notion that any insignificant human could consider himself elite.
Burly and broad of shoulders, the man moved with fluidity that was surprising.  His uniform and patrol car indicated he was a state highway patrolman and therefore more heavily armed and held a significant amount of training.  Eugene possessed such information from extensive education that enlightened him with innumerable facts and details.  From this, he could infer that the officer had already informed his command post of the traffic stop; fellow officers were aware of his location, and aware that he was with a person identified as Eugene Smith. 
Eugene knew it was imperative that he wait patiently, accept his speeding ticket and whatever admonishments the officer elected to give and be on his way.  With just two hours to go before he reached Harbinger Falls, he did not want to be slowed by a dispute with a law-enforcement officer.  Yet, being chastised by an insignificant human was degrading, insufferable.  He felt a surge of wrath shoot through him with such force he nearly pitched forward. 
Within seconds, a large hand by conventional human standards rapped on the driver’s side window of his Hummer.  He lowered his window and heard the whooshing of cars as they raced by.  In his side view mirror, the gray wool-clad man loomed.
“License and registration,” he boomed.
Eugene reached into his wallet and produced the requested documents then carefully handed them to the officer, all the while breathing steadily to keep waves of rage at bay.  The officer looked to the identification and then to Eugene.
“Please remove your sunglasses, sir,” he ordered impatiently.
“What for?” Eugene asked.
“Sir, remove the glasses, please.”
“I realize I was speeding and will happily accept and pay whatever tickets you give me, but why do I need to remove my glasses?”  Eugene asked and swallowed rising fury.
“Sir, in order to be certain that the man pictured in this driver’s license is you, I need to be able to see your face, all of it.”
Eugene grew increasingly agitated by the officer’s patronizing tone.  How dare he command him to remove his glasses?  Feeble-minded humans awarded small badges and a sidearm could assume authority over the masses, but not him. 
“I don’t see how it is necessary,” Eugene began, fighting to keep his tone even, respectful, but was interrupted abruptly.
“Sir, I am not going to ask you again.  Remove the sunglasses, now,” the officer barked.
Eugene noticed in his peripheral field of vision that the officer’s right hand had unsnapped his holster.  He had begun to draw his weapon.  He felt his anger mount.
Once his gun was in his hands, he aimed it at Eugene and in an authoritative voice said, “Step out of the car, sir.”
Eugene did not move.
“I said, step out of the car!”
Eugene remained still, contemplating his next move.  It appeared as though a suitable option did not exist.  His anger had mounted far beyond his control.  He opened the driver’s side door and slowly stepped out of his vehicle. 
As he rose before the officer placing his massive and stunning form in full view, he noticed how quickly his confident demeanor transformed.  His eyes widened; his mouth hung open.  He regarded Eugene with awe, with reverence.
Eugene longed to crush him like the insect he was.
But such an undertaking had not been authorized.  He needed to calm himself.
“Put your hands on the vehicle and spread your legs!” the officer shouted.
Eugene found it impossible to calm down while the arrogant human, undoubtedly inflated beyond measure by his meaningless victory of threatening him into supposed submission, shouted at him.  He felt his legs begin to tremble, temper overtake him.  
“Is there some kind of law against wearing sunglasses on a sunny spring day?” he asked sarcastically.
“Keep your hands on the car and your mouth shut.  I’m the one asking questions now.”
Any attempt at calmness escaped him and was replaced with all-consuming ire.
“So you feel there is a reason other than my sunglasses to treat me as a criminal?” Eugene asked acidly.
“You’re behaving suspiciously, so I’m treating you accordingly,” the officer said as he patted Eugene’s legs from his groin to his ankles.
Eugene became indignant at such intrusive probes.  He began to turn his body toward the officer, his breathing ragged and shallow.
“Sir, I said hands on the car!” the officer roared.
A violent tremor racked Eugene’s body, his temper beyond his control.  He turned his head to one side and watched as a cluster of cars passed.  The highway was not crowded; traffic had been light.  The second Eugene saw that no cars approached, he spun and grabbed the officer’s right wrist, the one that held his revolver, and bent it forcefully.  The bone beneath his fingers yielded as readily as a dry twig.  The officer cried out in pain.  Eugene savored his pain.  The gun fell to the ground.
He cupped the officer’s head in his hands, regretted he could not enjoy the moment, make it linger, but time was a constraint.  He snapped the officer’s head quickly and forcefully to one side, effectively breaking his neck in one swift motion.  Life escaped him instantly.  His body fell slack against Eugene.
Eugene picked him up and hurled him over the Hummer and into the bordering woods, out of view of oncoming traffic, taking caution to relieve him of his Stetson and the shiny star on his breast before doing so.
Several cars approached then passed.  Eugene felt confident that no one had seen what had happened.  When the highway was clear again, he walked from his Hummer to the police cruiser and grabbed the keys from the ignition.  He then used the keys to unlock and open the trunk then retrieved the officer’s body from the brush.  With no cars passing in either direction, he tossed the officer’s corpse into the trunk of the cruiser and slammed the trunk shut.
Eugene went back to his Hummer and grabbed a duffel bag from the back seat and placed it on his lap and waited patiently for another lull in traffic before driving it off of the shoulder of the highway and into the surrounding woods.  He knew his plates had been radioed in to the state trooper’s command center.  His car and his identity had been disclosed to a dispatcher with the range and capability to notify other officers of his infraction.  He needed to halt that from happening.
As soon as the roadway was clear once again, Eugene grabbed his duffle bag, dashed to the cruiser and situated himself in the driver’s seat.  He immediately radioed in that no speeding violation was committed, but that an equipment violation was issued.  He then opened his bag and pulled out a charcoal-colored wool sweater and pulled it on.  He placed the Stetson he removed from the highway patrolman atop his head, pinned the gold badge to his sweater and drove off in the direction of Harbingers Falls.  He planned to wrap things up in just a few short hours, hopefully before state authorities discovered the missing officer or his Hummer in the woods off the highway.

Chapter 24

Gabriel tested the engine of the Cherokee as he raced to Melissa’s house on Blackstone Drive.  For reasons he could not explain, urgency surrounded his return.  He felt compelled to get there as quickly as possible, that a second tour of her house would reveal crucial evidence.  Tension coiled tightly within him, twisting and winding tauter the closer he got to her home.
When her street finally came into view, he felt as though his compactly wound worry would launch his body and propel him forward like a canon straight in to her house and enable him to initiate a frantic search for a clue that suggested her whereabouts.  He knew that more orthodox methods would be employed as opposed to blasting through her front door but struggled internally to manage his fear for her safety.  Without a hint of her location, Gabriel felt helpless, powerless. 
Once on Blackstone Drive, he noticed that nearly every driveway stood unoccupied by vehicles indicating that most people were out, their homes empty.  Gabriel had fleetingly entertained the notion of knocking on the doors of some of Melissa’s neighbors to find out if they had seen her leave or had noticed anyone out of the ordinary coming or going from her house.  Given the scarcity of available neighbors, his idea became void.
Instead, he parked a few houses away from hers and hesitated before opening the driver’s side door.  From where he sat, he stared at the white vinyl-sided structure wondering what he had missed in his initial search.
“We’ll find her, Gabriel,” Alexandra assured him as if his thoughts were obvious. But her voice sounded unconvincing.
“We missed something. We must have,” Gabriel replied.
“And we’ll find it now,” Yoshi said confidently before opening the back door of the Cherokee.
Gabriel and Alexandra followed him and they proceeded cautiously up the hill.  Gabriel had left Melissa’s bedroom window unlocked as it had been during their first visit but closed the pane instead.  This detail proved useful as it allowed him access a second time.  He climbed the massive oak and let himself in just as he did earlier.  Once inside, he descended the staircase and opened the front door for Alexandra and Yoshi.
After Yoshi crossed the threshold, he immediately began utilizing his hunting skills that included tracking based upon intuition and basic senses as opposed to logical search methods that suggested they begin looking in Melissa’s bedroom.  Instead he moved about the main level of the house and allowed himself to be guided by a more comprehensive force than mere logic offered.
“We’re going up to Melissa’s room,” Gabriel said to Yoshi.  “You’re staying down here?”
“Yes,” Yoshi replied.
“Something’s not right here,” Alexandra said cryptically.
Before Gabriel and Alexandra reached the top of the staircase, they heard Yoshi call out to them.
“Guys, get down here!”
Gabriel’s mind reeled as the horrific image of Eric’s badly beaten corpse flashed through it.  He bounded down the staircase taking two at a time until he reached the bottom and ran in the direction of Yoshi’s voice with Alexandra following after him.
He reached the family room at the rear of the house and noticed that the door stood ajar and Yoshi was nowhere in sight.
“Yoshi?”  Gabriel called.
“Out here!”  Yoshi called back.
Gabriel stepped out into the pale light of the backyard.  The sky, several shades paler than it had been earlier, had been encroached upon.  Ashen clouds, dull and dirty, advanced from the west and pressed slowly soiling and sullying stretches of pastel blue in its wake.  The green of the grass, emerald earlier, looked a drab hue of olive in the muted light of late afternoon.
“What is it Yoshi?”
“Well, for starters, the door to that room was left unlocked and open slightly,” Yoshi gestured to the door off the family room that led to the backyard. 
“It wasn’t like that before, was it?”  Alexandra asked.
“We never checked,” Yoshi answered.  “It looked normal to me at a quick glance.”
“Me, too,” Gabriel added.
“I wouldn’t have noticed it either if I wasn’t staring at the deadbolt.  I saw that it wasn’t engaged and then saw light passing through the doorjamb.  Anyway, the door was unlocked and open, so I walked out onto the porch and look what I found,” Yoshi pointed to rain-softened grass that had been pressed down flat and smeared in a trail.  Beside it were a set of large footprints. 
“What the hell am I looking at?”  Alexandra asked.
“Footprints,” Yoshi replied.
“I see that.  But what does that have to do with finding Melissa?  Anyone could have made those prints.”
“Look beside the prints,” Gabriel interjected.  “That mark looks like something or someone was dragged.”
Alexandra’s golden complexion paled and her dark eyes grew wide, began to fill with tears.
“Oh God,” she whispered.
Yoshi began following the tracks.  Gabriel and Alexandra followed.  The large foot imprints continued across the width of Melissa’s property and that of her neighbor’s property before ending at her neighbor’s painted wooden deck.  Peculiarly, the depressed smears of grass and mud ended midway across Melissa’s yard.  A black, fabric, slipper-like woman’s shoe, sat alone in the yard.  Muddy footprints continued on to the lightly colored deck to the sliding glass doors at the rear of her neighbor’s house. 
“That’s Melissa’s shoe!  This doesn’t make any sense,” Alexandra said.  “The woman that lives here is like, eighty years old.  I sincerely doubt she dragged Melissa across both lawns, onto her deck and into her house.”
“Is she a really big old lady?” Yoshi asked.
“No way, she’s tiny; like less than five feet tall tiny.”
“None of this makes sense, but we’re going to find out what’s going on right now!” Gabriel said determinedly.
Alexandra and Yoshi exchanged furtive glances before Gabriel climbed the wooden steps to the deck and stealthily began peering in windows.

***

Melissa’s body ached all over from spending the night tied to an overturned rocking chair.  Her shoulder joints complained most pronouncedly as her arms were bound behind her, straining the fragile tissue of her rotator cuffs.  Her head ached as well, and her sinuses burned from hours of crying interspersed with light dozing. 
Her tears were born of despair rather than fear.  She had grown rather confident that the monster did not intend to kill her or harm her.  She simply did not know what he wanted.  But she knew no one would be looking for her; her father was on an Indian reservation in Connecticut playing in a poker tournament and wouldn’t return for at least two more days, Alexandra and Daniella would have assumed she wanted time alone and would have given up calling her hours earlier and beyond that, there was no one else in her life to care about her whereabouts.
Just as a fresh wave of tears began, the creature returned from its hiding place in the kitchen.  It looked at her sympathetically.  It appeared to possess some form of compassion, of kindness.
“What’s your name?” she asked in a soft voice.
It did not answer but gestured by shaking its head from side to side implying that it did not have a name.
“You don’t have a name?”
It nodded somberly.
“That’s very sad, to not have a name I mean.  We will have to give you a name.”
It seemed to brighten at the idea of being named, bobbing its head enthusiastically like a child who’d just been asked if he’d like ice cream and cookies for dinner.  Melissa did not share its enthusiasm but wanted to gain its trust in an effort to get it to release her.  Its response indicated that she was making progress. It began to gesture again.
Curling all of the webbed fingers except for one on each hand, it began gesturing animatedly. It used its forefinger on both hands and it began pointing and smiling broadly.  It then alternated between pointing at her and hugging itself, a gesture she assumed indicated some kind of affection it possessed for her, or hoped she possessed for it.  She could not be sure of the exact significance of the gesturing so she decided to ask.
“Friends?  Is that what you’re trying to say?  You want to be friends?”  She asked.
It nodded with conviction.
“With me?”
It nodded excitedly and grinned.
“We can be friends.”
It clapped its hands in front of its chest and beamed.
“The only problem is, friends don’t tie each other to chairs and hold each other prisoner.”
Its face drooped immediately and it lowered its gaze to the floor, allowing its chin to rest on its chest as if ashamed.
“If you really want to be my friend, you need to let me go.  You know that, right?”  Melissa said in a soothing voice.
It slowly shook its head up and down and stepped cautiously toward her.  Melissa’s heart began to race. She would be freed in a matter of minutes.
A loud banging at the front door interrupted her brief hopefulness. 
The monster, seemingly startled by the sound, dashed behind the couch and cowered.
“Melissa!” a familiar voice called from outside.  “Melissa!”
“I’m in here!” Melissa yelled back to Alexandra.
Suddenly, the front door opened and a dark shape burst across the threshold followed by two others.  The monster darted from its concealment behind the couch and scrambled across the living-room floor into the kitchen.
“Oh my God!  Are you okay?” Alexandra asked then leaned down and fumbled with the rope at her wrists.  “Who the hell did this to you?”
Before Melissa could answer her friend’s question, she saw another familiar face.  The exquisite planes of his face were highlighted by the waning sunlight in the dim living room and his sapphire eyes stared at her with concern, with love.  Her breath caught in her chest and her eyes filled with tears as she realized Gabriel stood in her late neighbor’s living room. 
“Gabriel!  You’re here!” she said breathlessly.  “I can’t believe it!”
Gabriel put his forefinger to his lips to quiet her then knelt down and whispered, “Is whoever did this to you still here?”
“Yes,” she replied.
“Where?” he asked.  His voice was a low rumble, threatening; his eyes suddenly steely, dangerous.
 “In the kitchen, but it did not hurt me.”
A loud racket from the kitchen distracted their reunion.  Pots and pans could be heard thudding and thumping against the vinyl flooring as well as boxes and what Melissa guessed to be canned goods falling to the floor and rolling about.  Gabriel was crouched over her protectively and froze.  His stillness was extraordinary but disconcerting as Melissa could not discern if he breathed.  He remained motionless for several seconds before he rose to his feet, poised and ready to confront the creature he had yet to see that took cover in the kitchen.  More sounds arose from beyond the living room.  Gabriel began creeping toward to entryway, moving toward the noise. 
Unexpectedly, the commotion in the kitchen ceased and a large shape emerged and dashed past them out the sliding glass doors.  Melissa noticed how it moved with impossible swiftness despite its massive size from the deck and across the backyard and into the surrounding woods.  Gabriel shook off his initial surprise and immediately moved to chase the creature.
“No, Gabriel!  Don’t!” she pleaded.
Gabriel stopped and turned to look at her quizzically. 
“It didn’t hurt me.  It could have.  Believe me, it could have killed me; it had plenty of opportunities. But it didn’t even want to hurt me.”
Gabriel, still looking perplexed, shifted his focus from the creature that blasted past him to the ropes around her wrists and ankles and began to untie her. 
“What the fuck was that?” Alexandra asked stunned and unmoving. 
“That was what grabbed me from my room and took me here.”
“I’ve never seen anything so big move so fast,” Yoshi commented.
Gabriel seemed to ignore both Alexandra and Yoshi.  Instead, he concentrated on her.
“Let’s get you out of here,” Gabriel breathed.
“I didn’t think you’d ever come back,” Melissa said.  She knew her comment was random, inappropriate even, but the words poured from her as if by their own volition, reflexively, involuntarily.
Gabriel met her gaze.  He knit his brow and his beautiful features contorted into a pained expression.  “Of course I was coming back.  I could never leave you for good.”
Melissa felt a tear stream down her cheek.  She felt shamed by her exasperation at his necessary absence and for doubting the promise he’d made her.  His pained expression relaxed and he wrapped his arms around her and the rocking chair she was tethered to.
 “I’ve missed you so much!” he said embracing her tightly.
“Wow that hurts!”  The words escaped her lips reflexively as his firm grip aggravated her tender arms.  She regretted them as soon as they were spoken.  Being wrapped in Gabriel’s arms surpassed the brief pain that shot from her shoulders to her wrists; his affection was well worth the pain.
“Oh sorry,” Gabriel replied sheepishly and relaxed his arms.  “I didn’t realize, I mean, I wasn’t thinking,” he fumbled.  “Let me get you out of there.”
“Thanks,” Melissa said but was saddened to be released from his embrace.
Gabriel moved behind her and began unraveling the ropes around her wrists.
“By the way, Melissa, this is Yoshi,” Gabriel said and pointed to a small man of Asian descent.  Melissa guessed him to be around the same age as she and Alexandra.
“Nice to meet you,” Yoshi said with a slight accent she could not place.  “I’ve heard a lot about you.”  His almond-shaped eyes danced with delight and the dark-brown of his irises seemed to twinkle at his last statement.  Gabriel shot him a look of warning.  Melissa had no idea what inside joke or secret they shared but knew it was amicable.
“Wow, these knots are impressive,” he said returning to the task at hand. “Melissa, did you know who he was?  I didn’t get a look at him as he flew past me.”
“What is a better question.  That thing that was in the kitchen that tied me up. You wouldn’t believe your eyes if you saw it.”  She immediately rethought her statement and recalled that he had been with her when she had glimpsed the creature in the tank, the same creature that kidnapped her and cowered in the next room just seconds earlier.  “Wait a second!  You’ve seen it before, the night you made me dinner and we went to the lab afterward, remember?  It looked like a giant fetus. That was him, and he hasn’t really changed much except for now he’s huge and has arms and legs, big arms and legs.”
She looked over her shoulder at Gabriel.  His hands stopped moving as recognition flashed in his eyes.  He narrowed them at her, his long, raven lashes slightly veiling the azure of his irises.  He clenched his jaw tightly, she could see the muscles of surrounding it flexing as he set it resolutely.
“Terzini,” he growled. “Terzini sent it to kill you.”
Melissa could feel his mounting anger, the palpability of his need for vengeance.
“No Gabriel.  This thing didn’t want to kill me,” she said softly.  “Like I said before, it had plenty of chances to kill me, trust me.  It had me here all night.  If it was going to kill me, it would have.  So if Terzini sent the creature to do that, it would have.”
“Then why is it loose?  Why would he take it out of the development tank?  What would be the reason if not to benefit him and his purposes?”
“I have no idea.”
Gabriel’s hands began to move again untying the knots.
“Wow, these knots are tight.”
“I know,” she said barely able to wiggle her hands.  “But who cares about the knots.  When did you get here?”
Gabriel paused a moment then quietly said, “Yesterday.”
“Really?  Why didn’t you come right over?” she asked then silently chastised herself for being so forward.  She felt her cheeks warm and was certain that scarlet streaks colored her cheeks.  “I mean, I would have liked it if you came.”
“I did come, but you were,” Gabriel paused again before adding, “busy.”
“Busy?  You mean in school?”
“No.  Busy with someone.”
“Oh Gabriel cut the shit already!” Alexandra chimed in as she walked to the far corner of the room with her arms positioned angrily on her hips. “He came to the house and saw you with Eric Sala and thinks something was going on between you two.”
“Thanks Alex,” he said curtly then turned to Melissa.  His expression softened visibly.
“Melissa, I don’t know how to tell you this,” he began then took a deep breath and continued, “but your boyfriend Eric is dead.”
“He’s dead?” she asked incredulously.  “Wait, my boyfriend? Are you crazy?”  
Gabriel did not respond.  He was completely still.  His silence allowed for the gravity of what he’d told her to settle upon her.  She felt dizzy and nauseated.  The culmination of everything that had happened that day still swirled in her mind.  Eric’s death added to the confusion, to the horror.  In her heart, she knew what had happened.  Gabriel did not need to tell her, yet she asked anyway.
“Eric is dead?  How do you know?  When did it happen?” Melissa asked.
Gabriel explained everything that had happened earlier, how he’d gone back to his old house and found Eric’s body and then encountered Kevin, Chris and John.  She listened intently and did not blink as he recounted each detail.  She could not find words capable of articulating the shock and panic she was feeling just the release of her arms from their binding as Gabriel unraveled the last loop.  Her arms felt stiff and achy.  She wrapped them around her body and massaged her shoulders, hugging herself in an attempt to physically hold herself together.
“I knew they’d get to him.  And so did he,” she murmured.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Alexandra asked.
“Eric came to my house last night, told me he was afraid of Kevin, Chris and John, that they’d changed since they came back.  He knew he was in danger; he even broke down and cried, he was so terrified.  He trusted me enough to tell me and now he’s dead.”  Emotion made her voice falter.
“Melisa, I’m so sorry for your loss,” Gabriel said.
“So you weren’t with him,” Alexandra said looking at Gabriel.  “Eric wasn’t your boyfriend or anything.”
“No, never!” Melissa said quickly.  “After everything he put me through, I didn’t even want to let him in my house.  The only reason I did was because my dad was home and in the room across the hall from us.  I still feel sad that he’s dead even though I didn’t like him.” 
“And then there was Gabriel spying from the roof of your garage,” Alexandra added sarcastically.
“And me, too,” Yoshi chimed in.
“What? Was there a party on my garage roof and I didn’t get an invite?”  Melissa attempted sarcastic humor.  Her effort fell flat as everyone looked to her curiously.
“So you and Eric weren’t a couple?” Alexandra persisted.
“No, I feel bad that he’s dead, that he came to me and I couldn’t help, but, no, we were not a couple.” Melissa answered.
“See, Gabriel. What did I tell you?”
Gabriel moved to Melissa’s feet and began untangling the rope around her ankles.
“Wait a second.  Gabriel, you came to my house, saw me with Eric and left because you thought he was my boyfriend?”
“You were hugging,” he said quietly.  “What was I supposed to think?”
“I hug my grandmother, doesn’t mean were dating,” Alexandra snapped.
Yoshi laughed aloud, a deep, throaty laugh inconsistent with his diminutive stature.
 Alexandra was about to sit down in a dramatic display of annoyance when she looked over her shoulder and saw Melissa’s deceased neighbor.
“What the fuck!” she exclaimed her voice a shrill scream that left Melissa’s ears ringing.  “Is she dead?” 
Alexandra bent forward and moved closer to where Miss Harriet lay face down in a pool of her own blood.  “Oh my God,” she gasped. 
Gabriel sprung to his feet and moved to where Alexandra stood.
“That thing was clearly not harmless,” he said looking from Miss Harriet to Melissa.  “You’re lucky to be alive.”
“We have to call the cops,” Alexandra said.  “Eric, Miss Harriet, there’s murder all around us.  We need to call the cops.”
Gabriel ran a hand through his thick russet hair.  “We can’t Alexandra.  How would we explain all of this,” he said spreading his arms out at his sides.  “Monsters killing an old lady, teenage boys who were previously presumed dead returning only to kill one of their former friends; it’s all too crazy.  The cops would never believe us.  They would think we were involved.”
Melissa knew why calling the police was not an option.
“Whatever we do, I’m not staying here with a dead body.  Let’s get the hell out of here,” Alexandra said tearfully.
“I’m with Alex, I don’t want to be here another second,” Melissa agreed.
“Fine let’s go,” he said and began turning off the lamps in the living room, then the lights in the kitchen. 
As they moved to the front door, headlights illuminated the kitchen window briefly, sweeping across the front of Miss Harriet’s house.  Melissa parted the closed curtains that concealed the window and saw a vehicle in her driveway.  She strained to see the make and model to identify who could be arriving at her house just as the motion-detecting lights above the garage came on and exposed a patrol car.
 Yoshi’s hand was on the doorknob about to turn it. 
“Stop,” Melissa ordered him.  “Don’t open the door.  There’s a cop car in my driveway.” 
Yoshi backed away from the door as if it were on fire. 
“Sorry,” she added.  “I didn’t mean to be so rude but there’s a cop in town who has been harassing me about Gabriel and his involvement in the whole Kevin thing.”
“You never told me about that,” Gabriel said.
“I haven’t spoken to you in so long,” she replied.  “And when we did get to talk, I had other things I wanted to say to you.” 
“Why is he here now?” Gabriel asked.
“He probably thought up more questions to ask to try and break my story.  He thinks I’m lying about what I said I saw in the woods, about thinking Kevin and the others were dead.”
“Huh,” Gabriel said pensively then stood beside Melissa to peer out the window.
Gabriel’s arm was touching her sore shoulder, the heat of his body warmed it, soothed it.  He bent down and leaned forward, his face was positioned so that they were nearly cheek to cheek, as he watched the police cruiser, waiting for the officer to emerge.  She could hear the soft whirr of his breathing, its lulling rhythm.  She turned her eyes from the cop car and looked to Gabriel.  He was focused, concentrating on the parked car. She allowed herself only a fleeting glance, a glimpse of his full lips before returning her attention to the suspicious activity in her driveway.  In spite of all that she’d endured in the last twenty-four hours, in the past five months, her stomach still quivered in such close proximity of him. 
“There’s a light on in the car,” Gabriel whispered.  “Someone’s getting out.”
“That cop, he’s huge.  That’s definitely not Officer Miller,” she observed.  “And he’s driving a State Trooper cruiser.”
They watched as the hulking officer placed a Stetson atop his head and strode to her front door.  Melissa waited for him to return to his car after he rang the bell and found that no one was home.  But he did not return immediately.
“What’s going on? How many times is he going to ring the doorbell?” Alexandra asked.
“I’m not sure what’s going on,” Gabriel replied.
“Do you think he let himself in?” Melissa asked.
“He would have to have a reason.  Police officers can’t just barge into your house when you’re not home,” Gabriel answered.
Alexandra began to pace about the kitchen.  Yoshi maintained his post at the front door.  And Melissa and Gabriel watched and waited for the police officer to return to his cruiser for what seemed like an eternity.
After nearly twenty minutes passed, the police officer returned.  As he walked toward his car, he paused briefly under the motion-activated floodlights affixed to the garage.  With his head nearly touching the fixture, Melissa and Gabriel were afforded a clear view of the man’s face.
Melissa heard herself inhale sharply and whisper, “It can’t be.”
Gabriel wrapped his arm around her waist as she felt her knees give way beneath her.
“I’m all right,” she lied then rubbed her eyes as if the motion would purge the vision she’d just seen from existence.  She pulled back the curtain again and saw that the image remained.  
Eugene was standing in her driveway clad in a gray state patrol unit Stetson, gray shirt and slacks and about to get into his police cruiser.

Chapter 25

Melissa and Gabriel quickly ducked out of sight as Eugene restarted the car and switched on the headlamps.  The headlights passed across the neighbor on the opposite side of her house, not Miss Harriet’s, but she and Gabriel moved away from the window just in case.
“What do we do now?  Do you think he saw us?” Melissa fretted.
“Who?  Who do you think saw you?  The cop?” Alexandra asked.
“That was no cop; that was Eugene,” Melissa told her friend.
The color drained from Alexandra’s face. “Eugene, I thought he was dead.  He can’t be, he can’t be back,” she stammered.  “It’s impossible.”
“What’re we going to do?”  Melissa asked again.
“We can’t leave,” Yoshi offered.  “That Eugene guy could be anywhere.  He could be at the bottom of the hill waiting for all we know.  No one would be suspicious of a parked patrol car.  If anything, they’d be grateful for it.”
“Yeah, unless they knew what was driving it,” Alexandra said in an unsteady voice.
“I agree with Yoshi, it’s too risky to leave.  We should stay here until we figure out what to do,” Melissa agreed.
“And what, hang out with the dead old lady?”  Alexandra asked in a shrill voice.
“I’ll run upstairs and find something to cover her with,” Yoshi said.
“This is insane, all of this,” Melissa said rubbing her temples.
“I think you’re right, Melissa,” Gabriel began.  “We should stay here for a few hours, at least until it’s completely dark out there, before we consider leaving here.  Then I’ll get my car and pull it up to the end of the driveway and everyone can jump in.  I want to limit our exposure.”
“I don’t want you to go alone. It’s me he’s after.”
“Eugene is after both of us.”
“Then we should go together.”
“I don’t want to put you at risk.”
“I’m already at risk.  And alone, I’m a sitting duck.”
Gabriel sat quietly and seemed to consider her point.
“I was alone for five long months.  Anything could have happened to me while you were gone,” she added.
The words floated from her mouth.  She heard herself speak them but felt as though someone else was commanding her word choice.  Melissa had not planned to ever address the misery she experienced during Gabriel’s five-month absence, her pain had been her own and not his burden to bear.  Seeing him burst through the door of her neighbor’s house, realizing that he’d returned, was one of the happiest moments of her life thus far, one she’d been dreaming about.  She had wanted nothing more than to tell him how much she loved him, how much she’d missed him.  She did not want to be critical of him or speak harshly to him, but the thought of separating again–even briefly–sparked a feeling in her she’d pushed down for several months: resentment. 
“Terzini and I had a deal,” she heard Gabriel say.
“Evidently, he was not a person who could be threatened into backing off or he didn’t feel you would ever follow through on your threat.”
Melissa heard her own voice.  It sounded foreign, as if it belonged to someone else, the accusing tone; the anger.  She did not want to hurt Gabriel, it was the last thing she wanted to do.  She did not want to drive him away forever.
“I know you’re angry with me.  You have every right to be.  I never thought Terzini would resurface.  I thought having his laptop with proof of what he’s been working on would be enough.  I never would have left if I thought you would be in any type of danger.”
“Jesus people!  This is like some nauseating soap opera As My Stomach Turns or something.  I think I’ll go upstairs and see what Yoshi’s up to.  You two work your shit out.  We have enough to deal with without you two arguing!” Alexandra interjected then stomped up the staircase in search of Yoshi.
“She’s right,” Melissa conceded.  “The last thing I should be doing is giving you a hard time.  You scared away that creature that kidnapped me and tied me up.  And I know you never would have left if you thought I was in danger but it was hard for me when you left.”
Gabriel’s shoulders slumped, his posture assumed a position similar to a person who had just been punched in the stomach.  She did not want to hurt him.  That was never her intention.  But surely he had known she was far from happy when he left.  He had known how strong her feelings were for him; she had told him, professed her love for him.  He possessed superior DNA and clearly processed information more thoroughly, more rapidly, than the average person, yet seemed shocked to hear that she’d had a hard time in his absence.  She found his reaction perplexing, frustrating.
“I’m sorry, Melissa. I never wanted to hurt you.”
“Well how did you think I would feel?  Did you ever once think about my feelings when you were God-only-knows-where doing whatever it was that you did while you were gone?  You hardly ever called or emailed or texted me, it was like you fell off the face of the Earth.  I thought maybe you’d met someone else and moved on!”
“Moved on?  How could you say that?  How could you think I would want anyone but you?” Gabriel asked, pain etching his features and lacing his every word.
“The problem was that I didn’t know; I was in the dark, about everything.”
“It had to be that way, Melissa. I never wanted to leave. You think it was easy for me?”
Melissa had never considered his feelings, just assumed he was fine wherever he was.  She deemed herself worthy of little esteem, guessed he’d distracted himself with something or someone else.  Worry and loneliness had transformed and assumed an uglier hue.  It had been replaced with jealousy and uncertainty.  Self-doubt had pervaded her thoughts allowing for a seed of irrational suspicion to grow to a field of distrust in herself, and in Gabriel.
“The hardest thing I did was leave you.  I thought about you every single day.  Don’t think for one second you were alone in feeling isolated and frustrated.  I missed you so badly it actually hurt to think about you.  I was halfway around the world in one of the remotest places on the planet with no access to phones and Internet connection.  There wasn’t even electricity where I was.  I had to travel for days just to get to a village that had modern conveniences.  The times I called or messaged were carefully planned and executed trips.  But it was worth it just to hear your voice and know you were okay.”
His words stung, though he clearly did not intend them to.  He was merely vocalizing his side of their separation.  She had never considered it, was so busy picturing him surrounded by exotic women more befitting his company than she, as beautiful as he and far less virtuous than her.  Notwithstanding the earliest days of their good-bye, she never envisioned him sad without her.  She only saw her own pain, her own loneliness.
“I had no idea,” Melissa whispered.   
Tears began to burn her eyes.  She blinked several times to clear them but her efforts failed.  She started to cry.
“I’m so sorry, Gabriel.  I was so selfish.  I never thought you would miss me.  I mean, look at you. You could have any girl on the planet.  I just thought,” she sniffled but was interrupted.
“You are beautiful, Melissa and definitely not lacking in any way other than self-esteem, maybe.  But I don’t love you because you’re beautiful, though it doesn’t hurt,” he smiled mischievously.  “I love you because you are kind and funny.  You’re smart and much tougher than you give yourself credit for.  I love the way your cheeks turn bright pink when you’re uncomfortable.  I love the sound of your laugh.  I love that you can accept me for what I am and how I came to be.  Melissa, no one can compare.  You are the girl I love.”
Melissa looked to Gabriel.  Tears streamed down her cheeks and she felt her cheeks flush.  Gabriel smiled at her. 
“There it is,” he said and brushed the back of his hand across her blushing cheek.  “You have nothing to apologize for, Melissa.  You didn’t leave.”
“Kiss her already, you big girl!” Yoshi called from a room upstairs.
Alexandra laughed out loud, “You’re a funny little bastard!”
“No pressure or anything,” Gabriel said uncomfortably then cupped her face in his hands.  He stared into her eyes and she wanted nothing more than for him to press his full lips against hers, to feel their softness, their heat.
“You think he finally kissed her?” she heard Yoshi ask Alexandra.
“Who the hell knows?  Knowing him, he’s writing her a sonnet or some corny thing like that,” Alexandra answered.
“We hear you, you know!” Melissa shouted up to them.
“Why are we friends with them exactly?” Gabriel asked nervously.
“Beats me,” Melissa answered.
Melissa’s heart pounded in her chest as she contemplated reaching up and tangling her fingers in his russet-colored locks and crushing his lips with hers, kissing him passionately enough to compensate for the five long months she missed out on kissing him.  Her hands trembled at the thought of doing something so bold, so presumptuous.  She felt her cheeks burn with deeper color.
Gabriel ran his fingertips down her arms and took her hands in his.  She felt the fine hairs on the back of her neck rise and quiver as if charged by the power of an electrical storm.  Goosebumps dimpled her exposed skin.
Without thinking any further, she pulled him toward her, stood on her tippy toes and took his face in her hands.  Dizzied by anticipation and anxiety she brought her lips to his, felt his breathing.  She closed her eyes and tried to force the nervousness from her mind and simply listen to what her heart ordered her to do.  Before she followed through on her endeavor, he wrapped her in his arms, leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers.
The world fell silent for several seconds.  Monsters and rogue geneticists ceased to exist.  Crass, sassy friends disappeared.  Dead neighbors did not linger and killers posing as cops vanished.  She and Gabriel were the only two people in the world for that period of time. 
But all too soon, reality reared its head and their dire circumstances were illuminated once again. 
“I’m guessing the silence means you two have kissed and made up,” Alexandra bellowed from upstairs. “That’s all well and good but we still don’t have a plan to get out of here.”
Gabriel’s arms relaxed around her.  He did not fully release her rather he allowed his arms to fall and loosely encircle her waist.  He drew his mouth away from hers and rested his forehead against hers.  She knew their kiss was over but was reluctant to accept the distance between them nevertheless.
“We do need to get out of here, Melissa.”
“And do what exactly?”
Gabriel did not answer right away.  He took a step backward and looked directly in to her eyes, the cobalt of his irises seemed to deepen, darken.
 “Kill Eugene,” he said levelly.  “We need to kill Eugene.”

Chapter 26

Eugene slammed the driver’s side door of the patrol car he’d taken from the overly arrogant state trooper who’d drawn his weapon on him, attempting to intimidate him.  The mere remembrance of the officer’s brazenness sent a current of anger through his veins so charged it threatened to overtake him.  He abhorred guns and any form of artillery, thought them reserved for the weak and cowardly.  He believed that to truly take ownership for death, it must be performed barehanded.  He knew from research and experience that human beings clung to their shiny guns passionately.  He also observed how heavy weaponry prompted humans to feel superior to those who were unarmed, how it made them feel smug.  What amused him about this particular condition of humanity was that their smugness, their arrogant underestimation of him, unarmed, invariably led to their deaths. 
Armed humans were far more loathsome than weaponless ones; those who elected to be without defenses proved more aware, more feral and far more ferocious.  With his superior capabilities, his advantage surpassed all measurable human acuity and savageness of course, but unprotected humans proved far more entertaining.  They were craftier, more cunning, and far more exciting to hunt.  
Eugene loved to hunt.  Disappointingly, his intended quarry, Melissa Martin, was not in her house.  He longed to kill her, to satisfy the long-standing vendetta.  She had assisted Gabriel in his untimely and unceremonious demise.  She was responsible for the months he had spent submerged in opaque fluid, confined to a long cylindrical chamber recuperating from near death.  He had been unable to kill for a long period of time, too long.  When the time had come and he finally emerged from his induced slumber, he had doubted his killing integrity.  Doubt had been unfamiliar to Eugene, utterly alien.  He would never allow for such doubt to prevail again; Melissa’s death would all but guarantee its eternal absence.
But Melissa was nowhere to be found and he did not have hours or days to spend searching for her.  Traipsing around randomly was not an option.  And if he were to do so, the police cruiser would need to be disposed of.  With no sound idea of where Melissa might be, Eugene decided to pay Kevin, Chris and John a visit.  Terzini had imprudently cloned them and released them into Harbingers Falls.  Without additional education or refinement, they remained the same drooling idiots they’d always been, only stronger, faster drooling idiots.
The thought of spending time in their company was debasing but necessary as he needed to locate and kill Melissa as quickly as possible.  He drove operating on the assumption that they might possess knowledge of her whereabouts.
Within ten minutes of leaving Melissa’s house, he arrived at Dr. Terzini and Gabriel’s former house.  He sped down the winding, gravel-filled driveway and gaped at his nemesis’s previous dwelling.  The structure was stunning with elaborate, imposing architecture, more worthy of his inhabitance rather than Gabriel’s.  Eugene felt resentment rise within him.  He had deserved to live in such opulence, not Gabriel for he was the rightful heir to humanity.  
Unconsciously, he had begun to breathe in short, shallow pants, bitter indignation burning like bile in his throat.  He wrestled with his vexation, knew it was necessary to dominate it long enough to obtain the information he desired from Terzini’s revitalized flunkies. 
Eugene stepped out of the patrol car and strode to the entryway.  He opened the unlocked front door and stepped across the threshold.  He quickly scanned the room only to find Kevin and his drudges seated on mistreated but clearly expensive furniture with cans of beer in their hands.  The scent of marijuana filled the air along with a milky layer of smoke that clouded the area surrounding the couches.  All three had been bruised and badly beaten.  Kevin sat with his leg elevated and a bag of frozen peas sat atop his knee.  The display was contemptible.
He did not move right away, rather he looked upon the pathetic humans with disgust.  The three of them sat ingesting as much poison into their bodies as was possible.  They had been cloned with additional strength and speed but without augmented cognitive capacity therefore they were as wretched as the rest of humankind, and a waste of his maker’s talent.  His frustration began to mount.
“What the hell is going on in here?” Eugene demanded.
The three of them looked up shocked.  Their eyes, reddened and bleary from the alcohol and marijuana, widened.  Recognition registered on each drug-clouded face.  There was no doubt in his mind they remembered him, remembered how he murdered them just five short months ago in the wooded area behind their school. 
He also detected a vague sense of comprehension flash across their dazed expressions, like it had just dawned on them that they had failed to fulfill that which they were ordered to carry out.  His maker had recreated Kevin, Chris and John with one purpose: to root out and terminate both Gabriel and Melissa; Terzini had been emphatic when detailing his instructions to them.  Yet as far as he knew, both Gabriel and Melissa lived. 
Eugene suppressed a wicked grin as he appreciated their confusion and attributed it to what they obviously perceived as his premature arrival.  They had not yet showcased their incompetence to Terzini, had no reason to anticipate his appearance, but now he stood before them glowering at their ineptitude, their futility.
Soon, however, shock was replaced with dread, and fear.  He watched as each carotid artery began beating wildly on their respective necks.  He began to smell their terror.
He did not bother engaging in senseless platitudes.  They were beyond small talk.
“How many were there?” he asked and expected to know who, if anyone, Gabriel had aligned himself with.
Judging from their state of defeat, he guessed an army had stormed the once meticulously maintained house and surprised them.
“Two,” Kevin replied meekly.
Eugene laughed.  He enjoyed the low maleficent rumble that emanated from his body. 
“That is disappointing, and pathetic,” he hissed.  “The three of you were beaten by Gabriel and another human I’m guessing.”
“Yes, a little Asian guy,” Kevin said, the slightest hint of defensiveness modulating his tone of voice.
“There was someone else too,” John added. “A girl.”
“Did the girl beat you, too?” he asked.
“No way, of course not,” Kevin said as if the idea of a female was more absurd somehow that an unenhanced human.
Eugene erupted in thunderous laughter, a cruel deep sound that resonated through the house like mortar explosions.  They each smiled and looked to each other nervously, laughing but not entirely sure why.
He then stopped laughing abruptly and leveled his honey-colored eyes at them with contempt.  He saw the color drain from Kevin’s face and opened his mouth to speak.
“So, let me understand this,” he growled.  “The three of you, all enhanced with additional strength and speed, were outdone by love-struck Gabriel and a pint-sized Asian guy; is that correct?”
No one spoke.
“And instead of going after them and attempting to redeem yourselves from this embarrassing failure, you are sitting around, smoking pot and drinking beers!” he roared.
“What do you want us to do?  Besides, I heard you were taken down by Gabriel and a hundred-pound girl,” Chris sassed.
Eugene realized that the potent combination of drugs, alcohol and an overabundance of testosterone in the adolescent male body produced a reckless person, lethally reckless.  Add to that heightened power and reflexes and the result was an oppositional fool on the verge of receiving a thorough thrashing.
He suppressed the urge to kill Chris where he stood, restrained only by his need for information. 
Through clenched teeth he asked, “Where did they go?”
“I don’t know, man. Gabriel, Alexandra and the Chinese dude didn’t tell us,” John answered, emboldened by Chris’s unpunished arrogance.
Eugene felt a shudder pass through him at the colloquial use of the word “man,” nearly exploded at the use of the idiom “dude.”  He was neither, and he was becoming increasingly infuriated by the sarcasm.
“Melissa wasn’t with them?” he asked.
“No,” Kevin answered groggily.
“What kind of car does she drive?”
“Who?”
“Melissa, you moron!”
Eugene was thoroughly incensed by Kevin and his friend’s maladroitness, their slurred cloudiness. 
“She drives 1999 Toyota Camry, black.  It’s a real piece of shit, you know, all she could afford.”
Eugene reviled Kevin’s continuance of inanities, his incessant need to offer his vapid opinion and running commentary.  He wished to silence him, forever.  But the extraction of information was proving somewhat useful.  He had remembered seeing an older black Toyota Camry in Melissa’s driveway earlier.  Either she had been home and hiding in a most meticulous manner or she had been out when he was there.  Regardless, he had a remedy for the situation.
He reached into his pants pocket and retrieved his cellular phone and punched the numbers 9-1-1.  He began to speak in a voice that expertly mimicked the average human being’s voice to the operator and claimed to be a neighbor.
“I heard screaming and things crashing around then I saw three teenagers run out of the house,” he impersonated.  He paused and listened to the person on the other end then responded, “Um, there were two guys and a girl and they got into a late 1990s model Toyota Camry, black.”  There was another pause and he rattled off a license plate number and added that he heard one of the guys referred to as “Gabriel.”
Eugene watched as Kevin, Chris and John looked on in awe at his formidable ability to imitate the various intonations and nuances of human speech pattern.  He approved of their admiration of him, he knew his skill was indeed impressive, particularly when he added his final piece de resistance and produced a tremor in his voice that implied impending tears and said, “I rushed over to see if something was wrong, if I could help, you know, and that’s when I saw them.”  He feigned an emotional breakdown, gave the address he was at and added, “The three dead kids!  Oh God!  Hurry please,” then pressed end on his cellular phone. 
Confusion marked their drug-addled features.
“What dead kids?” Kevin asked.
“The ones that will be her when they arrive,” Eugene replied cryptically and smirked.
Kevin made an effort to stand, wobbled on his tender leg and fell back to the couch.  John and Chris rose and attempted to dash past him.  Eugene shot his massive arm out and grabbed Chris by his neck and slammed him to the hardwood floors with such force the back of his skull crushed on impact.  With his other hand, he accosted John and held him still.  Desperate to free himself, John began thrashing and swinging his limbs.  Eugene grabbed him by the back of his neck and used his free hand to simultaneously pinch his nose and cover his mouth.  He held his formidable hand firmly in place.  Eugene watched as his wriggling slowed and eventually stopped.  He felt a tremor pass through his body, didn’t bother fighting it.  He relished in John’s death, delighted in his vacant stare that replaced once animated eyes as life escaped him. 
After the quaver ceased and Eugene felt partially satiated, he walked slowly to the couch.  Kevin looked up horrified, and met his gaze.  Eugene hoped his glower communicated the pure hatred he felt for Kevin, the utter disdain.  He did not speak, dared not interrupt the thrill of descending on prey.  Instead, he gripped the leather sofa with both hands and overturned it.  Kevin toppled from his seated position and landed on the floor.  Eugene felt nauseated watching him squirm and writhe helplessly like the pathetic insect he and all of humanity truly was.
“This will look familiar to you,” Eugene said finally as he raised his booted foot high in the air and stomped it down onto Kevin’s skull. 
Kevin’s death did not elicit the thrill he’d hoped for.  He was disappointed; murdering a pathetic, incapacitated human lacked the pleasure of pursuit.  It held the same excitement as stepping on ants on a sidewalk; it is done every day yet is seldom celebrated.  But a future adventure loomed on the horizon, one far more titillating than Kevin’s extermination.  Melissa, Gabriel and a new male were in the vicinity.  He could almost smell them.  They would prove far more worthy as adversaries and far more entertaining to slaughter.
Buoyed, Eugene walked out the front door leaving it ajar behind him and climbed into his police cruiser.  He directed the vehicle down the long, winding driveway and he activated the radio mechanism of the patrol car.  He smirked as he heard instructions from the command post.  They were dispatching units to Gabriel’s former home.  Presently the police would arrive and discover the bodies of Kevin, Chris and John.  The police force, with additional help from state authorities, would soon be participants aiding in his hunt for Melissa, Gabriel and the mysterious Asian man.

Chapter 27

Melissa listened anxiously as Gabriel outlined a sketchy plan to defend them against Eugene.  She stared out the kitchen window as dusk gave way to night, as darkness crowded out daylight.  Her neighborhood was eclipsed as a warship fleet of iron clouds shadowed overhead, accelerating nightfall and expanding their dominion to more than three-quarters of the sky.  In the distance, the landscape flickered as if with muzzle flashes followed by a cannonade that shook the remaining twilight.  Another springtime storm brewed overhead.
She turned from the pane and looked to Gabriel who conversed with Yoshi and Alexandra in the dining room.  Alexandra glanced at her briefly, a look of fear and disbelief flashed in her deep brown eyes.  Melissa wished her friend had not been involved in the nightmare that was unfolding, again.  Gabriel seemed to perceive her misgivings and gestured for her to join them.  Reluctantly, she moved from her post at the window as lightning flashed across the black clouds, sharp and bright, and flashed again.  Thunder crashed.  The sky convulsed and shook innumerable silvery scales of rain.
“Jesus!  We’re getting some storm!” Alexandra said and shivered.
Melissa joined Gabriel and stood at his side.  He wrapped an arm around her protectively and rubbed his hand up and down her arm.  Though she was certain the gesture was meant to soothe her, it had the opposite effect.  Goose pimples arose on her exposed skin once again and she struggled to concentrate. Instead, her focus was diverted to what felt like a riot of winged insects darting and flitting about in her stomach all beating their wings feverishly in unison. 
“Don’t worry, it’ll end soon,” Yoshi assured Alexandra.
“What are you, a meteorologist?  How would you know it’s going to end soon?” she asked haughtily.
Alexandra’s response to Yoshi lacked the razor-sharp edge that was always present when her friend sought to humiliate or essentially silence one who dared speak fatuously in her presence.  Her current demeanor was different, almost playful.  If Melissa didn’t know better, she would think her friend’s behavior verged on flirtation.
“I know because where I live the weather can be very harsh.  Since we don’t have the modern conveniences you enjoy here in America like satellite-guided weather reports, we have to rely on thunder and lightning patterns, cloud color and thickness among other things.  Judging from what I see and hear, the storm will last no more than twenty minutes tops.”
Melissa waited for a snappy response from Alexandra.  When none was offered, she became equal parts suspicious and worried for her friend’s emotional state.
“Yoshi’s right,” Gabriel affirmed.  “When the storm breaks, it will be dark enough out there for us to walk to Melissa’s house and get her dad’s shotgun.  He does still have it, right?”
“Yes,” she answered.
“And ammo?” Yoshi asked.
Typically, Alexandra would have issued him a verbal lashing and charged him with asking an asinine question.  Melissa expected it, paused in anticipation of it but, again, silence.
“Um, yeah, I guess.  Why would he keep a gun without ammunition?” she asked then blushed.
“Good point,” Yoshi agreed, the skin of his face matching the scarlet hue she imagined streaked her own.
“We arm ourselves and stay put.  Eugene will be back.  It’s only a matter of time.  If we run, he will follow us.  He will never quit; until we’re dead,” Gabriel said somberly.
“What!” Alexandra exclaimed.  “Are you saying we’re going to wait for him to come back and kill us?”
“Well, kind of, but not exactly,” Gabriel began.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?” Alexandra railed.  “You must be if you think it’s a good idea to just stay rather than run and give ourselves a fighting chance.”
“Alex, you don’t understand –”
“No, you don’t understand!” Alexandra panicked.  “You don’t understand!  That thing came to my house and wanted to kill me once before, would have if Daniella hadn’t called when she did.  I am not risking another run-in with him.  No way, no how!”
“So you’re proposing we live a life on the run and never come back to Harbingers Falls, or anywhere else for that matter?  You want to go from place to place across the country indefinitely with no home, no family, nothing?”  
Alexandra was clearly rattled by the prospect of either option; both seemed bleak, hopeless.  She lowered her head and ran her hands through her thick, raven hair.  When she raised her chin and looked to Melissa, Gabriel and Yoshi, her eyes were pools of liquid onyx, red-rimmed and filled with tears. 
“Running, staying, both are horrible options,” she said in a trembling voice.  “I don’t want to die.”
Her sentiment echoed Melissa’s, appeared to resound through everyone.  
“No matter what, we need the gun,” Gabriel said solemnly.  “No decisions need to be made right this minute, but time is an issue.”
“Fine, whatever, but we need to come up with a third option,” Alexandra said.
Finally in agreement, Melissa waited with Gabriel, Alexandra and Yoshi as the storm raged.  Rain pelted the rooftop and windows, exploding like shrapnel in every direction.  Thunder cracked, shook the house, as though a great war was being waged between Heaven and Earth.  An extended barrage of lightning blasted from an angry sky showcasing its might, its fury.
When finally the battle ended, quicker than she would have imagined and just as Yoshi had predicted, darkness had fallen.  Clouds remained but were retreating swiftly.  All that was left was otherworldly stillness.
Melissa had spent much of her time waiting out the storm perched in an upstairs bedroom, away from Miss Harriet’s lifeless form, and in the company of her friends.  Gabriel kept her enveloped in his arms to calm her, reassure her.  His proximity did little more than cause her pulse-rate to skyrocket.
As the last droplets fell, the storm long since passed, Gabriel released her from his protective embrace.
“We should go now,” he said soberly then slowly walked to the top of the staircase.  Melissa followed, as did Alexandra and Yoshi.  They descended the steps and followed him to the sliding glass doors off of the living room.  The sliders led to a large, painted wooden deck.  From the deck, they would have access to both Miss Harriet’s backyard and Melissa’s as well. 
As they crossed the living room, Melissa glanced at Miss Harriet, face down in a large, garnet halo of blood.  Sadness and guilt filled her.  Her kindly neighbor, the person who had baked her cookies each Christmas and prepared every conceivable dessert for Melissa and her father after her mother’s death, was dead. And it was her fault.  A wave of nausea washed over her.  She had seen her deceased neighbor earlier, had spent the night in the same room as her, but the shock of being kidnapped by a veritable monster had superseded normal emotional responses.  She had feared for her life.  She had contended with more questions than her brain could process.  Now, however, when presented with a far graver potential future and a moment of reprieve with Gabriel, reality settled in and weighed upon her.
Melissa shook her head as if the act alone would clear her mind.  It did not of course.  The image of her late neighbor remained, etched indelibly in her mind’s eye.  She doubted it, along with so many other images she’d witnessed in the last five months, would ever disappear.  She would deal with them another time.  She had to get to her house safely and retrieve her father’s shotgun and plan an exit first.  She looked away from Miss Harriet and focused on the sliding glass doors.
Once at the doors, Melissa, along with her friends, looked to Gabriel for further instructions.
Melissa’s heart maintained its dangerous pace as Gabriel opened the door and peered out. 
“All right, we go, get the gun then come back here, okay?”
“Yep.  Easy-peasy,” Melissa heard herself speak with confidence she did not possess.  In the dark recesses of her mind a nagging presentiment warned her that the task they were undertaking would be anything but easy, that it would prove a challenge unlike any they’d ever been presented with.
Forcing intuition from her thoughts, Melissa opened the glass storm door and stepped out concealment.
The darkness beyond Miss Harriet’s door loomed impenetrably, so solid in appearance it assumed a sinister life of its own.  The profound gloom paired with Melissa’s churning imagination turned exceptionally darkened niches into portals that descended into unknown depths of hell and shadows into mythical harbingers of doom that, like cockroaches, crawled walls and fences, fleet and quivering, silently championing bloodshed and awaiting impending chaos.
She felt unsettled, walking into perfect darkness. In the most primitive portion of her mind, an inner voice dictated that she always move toward light and away from darkness.  Each step she took into the blackness disoriented her further, contradicted an inherent demand for lightness and made her primitive voice scream that she turn back.
She heard Gabriel’s squishy footsteps behind her navigating the rain-saturated lawn.
As if he sensed her need for him at her side, he sped up and walk alongside her.  They reached the porch that led to the family room at the rear of her house and, after climbing three steps, Melissa used her key to unlock the door. 
“This door was unlocked when we left,” Yoshi observed.
“Maybe the psycho bastard locked up for Melissa.  You know, you can never be too safe,” Alexandra joked and smiled wryly.  But humor did not reach her eyes.
Melissa opened the door slowly and listened for sounds of movement.  The house was still, save for the hum and buzz of major appliances.  She stepped across the threshold but did not turn on any lights.  She did not want to draw attention to their arrival, to possibly alert Eugene to their presence.  Rather, she stepped quickly and cautiously through her blackened home, avoiding obstacles by employing her memory and mental maps.  Gabriel, who possessed superior vision, followed her with ease as did Yoshi.  Alexandra did not fare as well.
“Fuck!” Alexandra screamed as her legs tangled in a blanket haphazardly strewn on the family room floor.  She caught herself before she tumbled to her knees. 
“Guess the psycho locks up after he ransacks the place but doesn’t clean up after himself,” she grumbled loudly.
“Shhh!” Melissa admonished then whispered, “It was there a few days ago.”
“And you didn’t pick it up because?”
“Oh shut up, Alex!  We’re trying not to get killed here and you’re judging my housekeeping?”
 “Knock it off you two,” Gabriel said gently then, to Yoshi he said, “Watch the driveway from the kitchen window.  We’ll go up and get the gun.” 
Yoshi took his post in front of the kitchen window and Melissa ascended the staircase quickly.  Alexandra and Gabriel followed.  Once inside her father’s room, her eyes scanned the area quickly and focused almost instantly on a rack upon which the Remington shotgun was mounted.  Gabriel grabbed the gun while she searched the cabinet below it for ammunition.
“Where’s the ammo?” Gabriel asked.
“I don’t see any!  Gabriel, I can’t find it!” she panicked.
 As he turned to her to speak, Yoshi called out.
“We have a problem people; A big problem!”
“Eugene?” Gabriel asked.
“No.  Two patrol cars just pulled into the driveway, lights on and everything.  We need to go, now!”
“Cops?  Why would the cops be here?”  Melissa whispered.
“We have to leave,” Gabriel ordered.  “Now!”
“But what about the gun and the ammo?” she asked.
“Forget it!  We don’t have time,” he replied and replaced the Remington shotgun to its mount.
“Let’s go!” Alexandra said and dashed down the steps.  Melissa and Gabriel followed.
The doorbell sounded followed by pounding at the front door. 
“Quick, out the back,” Yoshi said quietly.
As they opened the backdoor and stepped onto the porch, another series of knocks at the door made Melissa jump.  She knew that in no time, the police officers would make their way to the back of the house, searching for whatever or whoever they were after.  She could not be certain, but felt intuited that the police pursued her and her friends.  They needed to leave, unseen by the officers.  Such an endeavor would be tricky, near impossible.  Gabriel’s car was parked farther down the road; to get to it, they would encounter the cops.  Running back to Miss Harriet’s house posed the same problem.  Melissa could not think of an acceptable escape route.
Shafts of light, approaching purposefully, distracted her from her escape route rumination.  Sweeping from side to side, the beams sliced through the murkiness, illuminated the land at the side of her house.
Gabriel grabbed her arm and half-dragged her straight across her backyard and into the wooded area bordering her property.
“Run!” he commanded in a hoarse whisper.
Melissa’s feet moved faster than she ever imagined they possibly could.  Alexandra kept pace with her while Gabriel and Yoshi remained to their rear.  Melissa was sure they could both outrun she and Alexandra easily, but stayed back to ensure their safety. 
Rain-soaked leaves canopied their pathway, sent water cascading at every stir.  Wet and tangled brush underfoot made running next to impossible.  Melissa struggled to keep her footing. The deeper they moved into the woods the darker it became, more dangerous. Branches lashed at her face.  Undergrowth tugged at her ankles and feet.  The air was heavy with moisture and smelled vaguely of fungus and decay.  Melissa’s lungs burned as she pressed forward reluctant to inhale the thickening scent of rotted mushroom and tree bark.  The scent, dank and dense, mixed with animal spoor, became overwhelming.
A thump beside her followed by a whispered profanity indicated that her friend had fallen.  She halted her feet and was forced to gulp the putrid air.
“Ouch!  Shit, I think I twisted my ankle,” Alexandra whispered.  “Go! Go without me!” 
“Just be quiet a minute,” Yoshi ordered her.  “I’ll lead them away from you.”
Yoshi, who previously moved with the stealth and sense of direction of a nocturnal jungle cat, began running clumsily with his arms at his sides rustling and disturbing everything in his path.  He crunched down hard on felled branches and twigs created a commotion.  Distracted by the noise, the police officers traced their rays after him.
“Damn it!  Why did he do that?  They’re going to catch him for sure,” Alexandra said as she stood and faltered on her ankle.
“Not a chance,” Gabriel assured her.  “There’s no way those town cops will be able to navigate the woods like him.  Put one arm around Melissa’s shoulder and one around mine.  We’ll get you out of here.”
“And go where?” Melissa heard herself ask.
“My car is still parked at the lot behind the school,” Alexandra offered.
“All right, that could work.  We’re close to the edge of the woods where they open to the street,” Melissa said.
“How far from the school would we be then?” Gabriel asked.
“A few blocks, two maybe three,” Melissa replied.
“I say we go for it,” Alexandra said and began hobbling quickly with Melissa and Gabriel’s assistance.
“Let’s go,” Gabriel rallied and picked up their pace by nearly carrying Alexandra to the border of the woods.
Once on pavement, Melissa felt heartened but only slightly.  The Harbingers Falls Police Department was unlikely to relent.  The reason they had for pursuing so doggedly, though unknown to Melissa as of yet, was clearly deemed sufficient enough to warrant two patrol cars and four officers.  She did not slow for fear of being caught.  She worried for Yoshi, imagined the only reason the police hadn’t bust through the trees after them was because they had caught him.
She ran, assisting her friend, across the street until headlights sent them searching for cover.  Long beams of blue-tinted light carved through the murkiness and warned of an approaching vehicle.  Fearful of another patrol car, or worse, Eugene, they found refuge behind a large, rectangular trash receptacle dropped in a driveway and filled with construction debris.  They hunkered down along the length of the massive metal receptacle and waited for the rays to fan out as the car drew closer. 
A flash in Melissa’s peripheral field of vision distracted her from her vigil.  An animal or person darted from the woods.  Low and crouched, it moved too quickly to be human, too stealthily. 
“Did you see that?” she whispered to Gabriel. 
“See what?” he responded.
“Something shot out of the woods, an animal or something.”
“Right now I’m more worried about Eugene catching us, or the police.”
Melissa, returned to reality, realized her misstep.  She felt her cheeks burn with shame.  Gabriel reached his hand out and took hers, gave it a gentle squeeze.  She never understood how someone designed to be devoid of emotions managed to be so in tune with hers.
A rustling behind her, however, proved her earlier observation was neither worthy of shame nor a blunder.  Gabriel turned immediately to see what approached.  Footsteps advanced quickly.
“What the hell?” Alexandra said as she twisted her upper body to face the sound.
Melissa touched Gabriel’s arm, felt the tension in his formidable muscles.  He was poised to strike, alert and vigilant, no doubt employing each of his heightened senses to ascertain what loomed in their midst.
Without warning, Yoshi materialized from behind a shrub of the neighboring property.
“Shit, little man!  Are you trying to give me a heart attack?” Alexandra whispered her admonishment.
“Sorry,” Yoshi apologized with sincerity.
“Good to see you in one piece,” Gabriel said.  “Would have liked to see you coming and not been ready to kill you, but good to see you anyway.”
Yoshi smiled, his teeth a striking bright white against the darkness.
Melissa did not bother whisper-scolding Yoshi.  She was too relieved to see him and not a mountain lion, lion-man or half-formed human descending upon them.
“Why are we hiding behind this big smelly thing?”  Yoshi asked.
“A car, right there,” Gabriel pointed to where a vehicle drove with infinitesimal slowness.  “There’s no floodlight on, so maybe it’s not the police.”
“Maybe the driver is lost, looking for an address or something.  He’s going really slowly,” Alexandra offered.
“With our luck, that’s unlikely,” Melissa said and rose to look around the corner of the trash receptacle.  She felt the fine hairs on the back of her neck raise as, upon closer inspection, she determined the car to be a police cruiser; a state police cruiser.
“Eugene,” she murmured. “That’s Eugene.”
“Where?” Gabriel asked.
“That car, the driver is Eugene.”
“You see him?”
“No, but that’s a state police car just like the one from my driveway.  I know it’s him.  We have to go, now!”
Gabriel looked at her, and despite the darkness, conveyed a look of understanding. 
“We have to move quickly and stay out of the light. If he catches even a glimpse of us, it’ll be too late,” Gabriel said and led the way.
Melissa, Alexandra and Yoshi followed moving quickly but cautiously.  They traversed several yards in the neighborhood and skirted the perimeter of a playground before they reached the rear parking lot of Harbingers High School.  Alexandra’s car was still parked exactly where she’d left it. Dozens of other cars surrounded it as the school hosted a rival town’s wrestling team.  With the match under way, Melissa guessed they did not stand out among others milling about talking on their cell phones and smoking. 
Gabriel elected to drive. Alexandra did not object.  Instead, she climbed into the back seat of her own car beside Melissa. 
“Now what?” Alexandra asked.
“We have to figure out what the hell is going on, why the cops are after us,” Melissa said.
“We’ll likely find out if we go back to my old house.  I bet Kevin and those other morons know something or are involved somehow.  They might have tried to pin Eric’s murder on us,” Gabriel suggested.
“How are we going to get out of this?”  Melissa asked.
“I don’t know, but first we have to find out what we’re dealing with,” Gabriel replied.

Chapter 28

Gabriel turned Alexandra’s car key in the ignition of her red Mustang and the engine roared to life, eagerly awaiting his demand for speed.  He depressed the gas pedal gingerly and the car responded with immediacy propelling them forward out of the parking space it rested in for several hours until a traffic light at the end of the long entrance path halted them.  The engine rumbled anxiously as it idled, as if waiting patiently to be tested on an open road or highway.  But Gabriel and his friends were not headed for a destination that required either.  To the contrary, they would be traveling along back roads and side streets in hopes of remaining inconspicuous.  The Mustang’s tight suspension and nimble handling hugged the narrow lanes and winding roads of Harbingers Falls.  Gabriel obeyed each speed limit imposed, careful not to draw attention to them despite the showiness of the color and model option of Alexandra’s car.
He quickly arrived at the threshold of his former driveway thanks in part to minimal traffic and was stunned to see lights flashing in the distance.  He slowed to a stop, turned off the headlights and squinted.  At the end of the gravel-filled pathway red lights flickered incessantly from a multitude of vehicles.  The colorful pulses of light, all blinking at different intervals, combined to form a visual discord so disorienting the effect was similar to that of a strobe light.
“What’s going on?” Melissa asked.
Gabriel could not be sure but he guessed Kevin, John and Chris were dead.  The presence of several ambulances, a fire truck, three police cruisers and an SUV with the words County Coroner emblazoned on its doors suggested they were not just dead but that foul play was likely suspected.  He was reluctant to tell her what he figured, what he knew had happened, but saw lying as both futile and an insult to her integrity.
“Eugene did this,” he admitted.  “And we are being blamed.”
“What?  Why would anyone think we did anything?” she questioned.
Before he could answer her, paramedics and a man wearing a jacket with reflective letters announcing his position as County Coroner exited his front door.  They maneuvered a stretcher with a covered body atop it.  Behind them, more emergency personnel followed with matching stretchers, four in all. 
“They’re dead, Melissa.  Kevin, Chris and John are dead.  Eugene was here, I’m sure of it,” Gabriel said.
“They killed Eric and Eugene killed them and we’re being chased by the cops?” Alexandra asked incredulously.  “This is beyond a nightmare!”
“Why would Eugene kill them?” Melissa probed.
“I don’t know for sure, but maybe he was unhappy that they weren’t able to stop us,” Gabriel offered.
“Or for fun,” Yoshi said solemnly.
Gabriel felt a shiver pass through him.  His friend was likely right.  Eugene did not merely kill for utilitarian purposes; he was not practical by any means.  Whatever the reason for their death though, he and Melissa, along with their friends, had been indicated. 
“Regardless of his sick reasoning, aren’t we better off or safer in jail than being hunted by him?”  Melissa stated.
“He’s driving around in a cop car.  I would imagine he’d get to us long before that happened,” Gabriel replied.
“You think he’d try to kill us in front of a bunch of cops?” Melissa asked.
“I wouldn’t doubt it.  He could kill them just as easily as he could kill us from what you guys have told me,” Yoshi added.
“Yoshi’s right.  He’d probably get some sick thrill out of it,” Gabriel agreed.
“But everyone would see,” Melissa said, her features twisted in shock.
“If anyone lived to tell about what they saw, Eugene would disappear before a search for him even started.  And with us dead, there would never be a reason for him to return,” Gabriel said solemnly.
Silence blanketed the car.  Gabriel regretted his candor but felt everyone deserved to know the unfiltered truth about their circumstances and what they were up against.  He looked to Melissa.  Her eyes were filled with tears, her face oddly placid.  She stared at the scene in the distance and brushed back silent tears with her fingertips.
Gabriel was mildly startled when Melissa leaned forward in her seat and pressed her face to the window.
“What is it?” Gabriel asked.
“I know that cop,” she said pointing to one of the many uniformed officers.  “That’s the jerk cop Chucky Miller that’s been harassing me.”
She pointed at him.  Gabriel didn’t recognize him but suddenly felt the urge to punch him in his smug-looking face based solely on Melissa’s testimony.
“I know that asshole too,” Alexandra chimed in.  “I’ve actually been pulled over by him.  What a prick!  He gave me a ticket for doing thirty-five in a thirty-mile per hour speed zone.  Can you believe it!  Worst part is, he was in his glory doing it, like he was all puffed up by it.  He also kept looking down my shirt; fucking pervert.”
As Alexandra spoke, Gabriel watched as the officer looked up from his notebook and seemed to gaze in their direction.  He felt certain Chucky Miller had noticed them and was looking right at them.
“He pulled you over in this car?” Gabriel asked Alexandra.
“Yeah, about a year ago. Why?”
“It looks like he’s looking right at us.”
“What? No way! I doubt he would remember,” Alexandra dismissed.
Alexandra leaned across Melissa and looked out the window.
“Holy shit!  He is looking right at us.  We need to leave right now!” Alexandra exclaimed.
No sooner than the words were out of her mouth, Gabriel depressed the gas pedal.  He did not turn on the headlights and he did not accelerate too quickly.  He did not trust that the powerful engine would not accelerate beyond the ability of the tires to gain traction.  Skidding on wet leaves would gain the attention of the entire group at his former house.  As far as he could tell, Chucky Miller was the only officer who had spotted their car.  He drove away slowly with Yoshi watching Officer Miller’s every move.
“Okay, it looks like he’s walking toward his car,” Gabriel announced.
“Shit!”  Alexandra shouted.
“Just keep driving slowly and don’t put on the headlights until we turn on to the next street,” Yoshi said calmly.  “Once we turn, hit the gas.”
Gabriel inched the car out of sight unhurriedly.
“He’s getting in his car,” Yoshi said.
“He can’t know it’s us,” Alexandra declared.
“He obviously suspects something, but he’s not telling the others,” Melissa said.
Gabriel felt a modicum of relief as he reached the stop sign at a near roll and made a left.  He immediately turned on the headlights and stomped on the gas pedal.  The Mustang sprung to life and launched forward with a rolling growl.  He sped along weaving in and out of side streets until he reached a juncture in the road that would place them on one of two main thoroughfares.
“Where do we go now?” Melissa called.
Headlights rapidly approached from behind them.  Alexandra twisted in her seat to get a better view.
“Shit!  It’s him!  He’s behind us!” Alexandra cried.
“He hasn’t turned his lights on yet,” Yoshi said referring to the fact that Officer Miler had not yet engaged his emergency overhead lights.
“He’s probably calling in the plates.  We’re screwed,” Melissa said to Alexandra.
Within seconds of her statement, Gabriel noticed the light bar atop his cruiser illuminated and emanated short, electronic pulses in blue and red.
“What the fuck do we do?” Alexandra yelled.
“Try and get away.  We have no choice,” Yoshi asserted.
“We can’t outrun the cops,” Gabriel said.  “He’s not stupid.  I’m sure he already called it in.  There will be a dozen cops here in about two minutes.  We’re going to have to try to explain the situation.”
“No one is going to believe us!” Melissa shouted. 
“What other choice do we have?” Gabriel reasoned.
Three automated beeps sounded from their rear signaling them to pull over.  Reluctantly, Gabriel slowed and pulled to the shoulder.  He looked up into the rear-view mirror of the Mustang and saw Officer Miller approaching cautiously with his firearm drawn.  Gabriel lowered the driver’s side window.
“Get out of the car!” Officer Miller screamed.  “And keep your hands where I can see them!”
Gabriel opened the driver’s side door and stepped out.  Yoshi, Alexandra and Melissa followed.
“Well I’ll be damned!”  Officer Miller bellowed.  “If it isn’t Miss Melissa I-know-what-I-saw Martin.  There are a whole lot of people looking for you right now.”
“We didn’t do anything,” Melissa began.
“The fuck you didn’t!”  Officer Miller hissed.  “Now put you prissy little hands on the car.  Same goes for all of you!”
Gabriel felt his temper flare and roil at Chucky Miller’s sardonic tone, his insolence.  However, he complied with the officer’s demands in hopes of persuading him to at least hear their version of matters.  The notion seemed far-fetched, ridiculous even, given Officer Miller’s facial expression that could only be described as equal parts rage and exhilaration; he looked like a madman.
He watched as Officer Miller approached him and began to pat his body in search of a weapon.  His inspection was brief.  He patted the length of Gabriel’s leg from ankle to groin as well as his torso from armpit to waist.  He quickly moved on to Yoshi and conducted a similar, albeit short, search before he turned to Alexandra and Melissa.  A look of derangement flashed in his beady eyes and the wind stirred gently whipping his hair into a frizzy pompadour.  He began with Alexandra and took his time, allowing his hands to linger about her chest.  He then traced his hands in a slow serpentine motion down her torso to her legs then back up her inner thighs.
“Hey, get your hands off me you pervert!” Alexandra protested.
“Shut the fuck up, bitch!  I’m conducting official police business here,” Officer Miller spat and continued his lewd groping.  He cupped and squeezed her buttocks then leaned his pelvis against her backside.  He slid his hand up her thigh again and was about to place it between her legs when a voice halted him.
“Get your hands off her,” Yoshi warned through his teeth and began to back away from the car, clearly riled. Yoshi advanced several steps, his stride confident, his jaw set resolutely.  Gabriel had never seen his friend look upon another as fiercely as he looked upon Chucky Miller.  
“You better stand-down and put your hands back on the car before I put a bullet in your head!” Officer Miller ordered as he backed his crotch away from Alexandra.  He then strode up to Yoshi and placed the barrel of his revolver at his forehead. 
Gabriel watched as Yoshi locked eyes with Officer Miller boldly, defiantly.  He did not demonstrate the slightest hint of intimidation.  Officer Miller had no idea who he was standing off against.
But suddenly, their standoff was interrupted by blinding light. 
An additional patrol unit had arrived its headlamps bathed the confrontation between Yoshi and Officer Miller in a dizzying array of colors.  Red, white and blue flashes throbbed from its roof rack and a double set of headlights glared. 
“You’re lucky,” Officer Miller uttered as he quickly withdrew the barrel of his pistol from Yoshi’s forehead.  He looked over his shoulder at the unit that arrived. “Very lucky.”
Gabriel squinted and shielded his eyes with his hand, despite cautions from Officer Miller.  Initially, he could not discern any facial features or even the silhouette of the police officer that hesitated to exit his vehicle.  When finally the driver’s side door opened and a leg emerged, followed by another, he was better able to gauge the officer’s physicality.  He watched as the officer rose to his feet and stood with his fists balled at his hips, a mountainous shadow, broad, brawny, and colossally built.  Gabriel immediately recognized the considerable outline; Eugene.
He was not alone in his immediate recognition.  Melissa gasped and Alexandra whispered a profanity. 
“Chucky, I mean Officer Miller, turn around,” Melissa began in a trembling voice.  “That guy coming toward us is not a cop.  You have to let us go.  Please!  He’s going to kill us.”
“Shut your mouth you murdering little bitch.  You think I’m stupid?”  Officer Miller replied and released his handcuffs from his utility belt.
The enormous shape moved slowly, deliberately toward them and paused after every few steps to inhale deeply as if savoring the scents in the air.  Officer Miller remained fixated on their compliance.  With handcuffs in one hand and his firearm in the other, Officer Miller appeared poised to discharge his weapon at the slightest hint of resistance.
“Turn around!” Melissa urged.  “I’m not playing games!”

***

Eugene approached Gabriel, Melissa, Alexandra and the mystery Asian man unhurriedly but with purpose.  He halted from time to time to sniff the air.  It had become saturated with the bodily secretions of all present.   Adrenaline was the most prevalent note, pungent and acrid, indicative of intense emotions swirling about.  He wrestled to contain the urge to charge them, tear each of their limbs from them and watch them die slowly.  He knew he would have the opportunity to do just that but wanted to relish the moments leading up to it equally as much.  Experience had broadened his knowledge base further regarding death, opened an anticipatory realm of enjoyment to him.  He learned that delaying gratification made the final act all the more fulfilling. 
Suppressing a shudder, he moved at a slow pace and saw only one officer detaining Gabriel and his pathetic human companions.  He was surprised by how well his plan had worked out, how easily human beings were manipulated–even those in positions of authority.  He listened as the officer, too pompous to heed their warnings, did not bother to turn around despite Melissa’s incessant pleas.  He felt a swell of anger at the notion that the pathetic officer deemed himself too important, too powerful to acknowledge a member of the same species, that somehow his uniform and badge earned him a position of superiority.  Superior humans seemed an oxymoron, a contradiction in terms.  They were all fools, cattle awaiting slaughter.
Eugene felt his pace increase the angrier he became.  He took larger steps, covering the distance between them faster and faster until he was arms-length from the armed policeman.  In one swift motion, he grabbed the uniformed drone by the back of his head and smashed his face through the rear window of his cruiser.  He immediately pulled him from the fractured glass and spun him to see if he had died.  To Eugene’s delight, the officer lived.
“I guess you should have listened to the murdering bitch,” he sneered then watched as a look of horror clouded his expression. 
The tortured guise of pain and the smell of blood threatened to frenzy him.  He longed to kill him slowly, watch as each shred of life escaped him, but knew Melissa and her friends had scattered.  Their deaths would be slow.  He would have time to spend on them.  He breathed deeply to control the fitful rage that coursed through his veins as he raised his free hand and clutched the officer by the throat.  He stared into his eyes and thought about the affectation produced by the drab uniform and tin badge he donned.  Eugene clamped his massive hand and applied every ounce of his might.  He felt bone yield beneath his grip and saw the officer’s eyes widen and bulge briefly before staring straight ahead vacantly, lifelessly.
A ripple tore through Eugene, involuntary and powerful.  He doubled over in exhilaration and noticed the gun that lay on the ground by his feet.  He abhorred guns.  He promptly picked up the deceased man’s armament and released the bullets from its chamber before rocketing it into the black abyss.  He returned his focus to Gabriel, Alexandra, Melissa and the small Asian man.  They looked on in shock, in horror.  They had spread out temporarily only to return to their cluster formation, well aware that running would be futile.  They knew they could not outrun him, could not hide from him.  There was no escape.  He would always find them. They had no choice but to fight.
Eugene stepped toward Gabriel and saw in his peripheral vision that the small man had scampered toward the dead officer and grabbed the nightstick from his utility belt.  As he turned toward the scurrying man, Gabriel attacked from behind.  Eugene turned and swung but missed.  Gabriel appeared to move faster than he had previously, and more skillfully.   He even managed to land several blows against Eugene’s body but the blows were ineffective; they did not slow him. 
Without warning, he felt the nightstick land against the back of his head.  Eugene howled out angry and frustrated, he turned only to feel the same weapon strike his face.  The small man managed to hit him not once, but twice.  He moved with remarkable speed for a human, an attribute that served to both vex and impress Eugene.  Presented with a worthy adversary, he began to enjoy himself.  No longer willing to repeat the mistake of underestimating his opponent, he paid closer attention to the stick wielding man as he advanced again and launched a fast, dextrous attack. 
Though the man was fast, he was still only fast by human standards.  Eugene caught the nightstick mid-swing and grabbed the assailant by the collar of his shirt.  He then effortlessly tossed him into the windshield of the cruiser.  Glass exploded and showered in every direction. Unfazed by the shards of shattered windshield, Eugene, motivated by a single purpose, moved toward his diminutive adversary eager to kill.
Gabriel, determined to thwart his objective, jumped in front of him and landed a powerful punch to his throat.  A burst of pain accompanied by difficulty breathing disoriented him temporarily.  He wheezed and gasped and tried to catch his breath.  As he coughed and sputtered, Gabriel seized opportunity to strike him in the nose.  Eugene was not certain but guessed his nasal septum had been comprised.  His hands reflexively went to his nose, which bled profusely.  Gabriel spun and kicked him, hard, in the abdomen.  He felt himself fall backward and slam into the parked car, before falling to the ground.
Vitriol held him as an unpleasant but not entirely unfamiliar sensation burned through him: disgrace.  Eugene had been disgraced and humiliated by Terzini’s failed champion.  The love-struck answer to the mistakes of humanity had successfully broken his nose and managed to topple him.  But he would not enjoy victory for long. 
Eugene sprung to his feet and straightened himself, flexing each of his imposing muscles simultaneously.  He felt the power of pure hatred surge through him, energize him.  Nourished by fury, he was prepared to unleash the fullest extent of his wrath ever.  His insides quavered violently as his inherent bloodlust motivated him as never before.  Gabriel advanced again, undoubtedly intending to assail him with another of his uninspiring new martial arts maneuvers.  Eugene halted Gabriel’s attack, however, by launching his large fist forward almost instantaneously and blasted him in the chest.  On impact, he detected the sound of at least two ribs fracturing.  Gabriel clutched his midsection and Eugene swung his hand connecting the backside of it with Gabriel’s face.  He watched as Gabriel fell to the ground but did not waste time.  He wanted to rectify the disgrace he’d instigated.  He walked toward him panting with excitement, fighting to not succumb to an all-encompassing shudder that would render him paralyzed by elation, and began to kick and stomp at him. 
The harder he kicked the more exhilarated he became, the more challenging fending off the euphoric blackout became.  Sweat poured from his brow as he continued his blitz.  It wasn’t until a whimper of despair distracted him and caused him to reconsider his course of attack.  Melissa huddled with her friend at the front of the shiny red car they arrived in.  He left Gabriel, a battered mass of flesh, where he lay and moved to Melissa.
“Now you’re going to watch her die before I kill you,” he said and enjoyed the tortured look of misery on Gabriel’s face as he tried desperately to rise to his feet.
Eugene pulled Melissa by her frail arm and realized he would enjoy murdering her with a terrified audience more than he could have imagined.  He would kill her slowly and satisfy two needs at once: his savagery and Gabriel’s misery.  Both entertained him.  Both thrilled him.
With Melissa’s willowy arm dwarfed by his enormous hand, he swung her toward him and swung his cupped free hand at her concurrently.  The impact of his hand against her cheek produced a loud whack and sent her flimsy body backward until it collapsed against the car.  He had hit her hard enough to hurt her, but not kill her.  He dared not sully the climax of his torture with a quick death.
As he loomed over her deciding precisely how to brutalize her, a high-pitched sound tore through the night and pierced the darkness.  The sound was unlike any he’d ever heard before.  It slashed at his eardrums with razor-sharp shrillness.  He covered his ears against it and turned in the direction of the sound.  From the darkened shadows surrounding the three vehicles, a hunched and hulking shape emerged.  Best described as a partially formed human, Eugene saw the creature just as it lunged at him.  He did not have time to raise his arms protectively or step out of its path.  It was immediately upon him.

***

The faceless man had been following Melissa since she left her unkind neighbor’s house earlier.  She and her friends had not seen him but he had traveled alongside them invisibly the entire evening.  He had worried that she might need him and remained with her without her knowledge like a shadow, ever-present but not considered.  He moved through the darkness, as he had since leaving Terzini’s underground laboratory, cloaked by the velvety blackness of nighttime skirting side streets and exerting himself to keep pace with Melissa and her friends once they commandeered a shiny red car.  It had been difficult for him to keep up with them once they were no longer on foot but he pushed himself hard, tested the limits of his strength and endurance.  
He had followed her, not for his own selfish reasons, but to protect her if she needed protection.  He knew that protection was inherent in the social contract of friendship.  Threatening forces conspired against her and her friends.  He had been certain he would be needed.  Police had chased them.  The large, frightening creature that he had rescued from the ambulance for Terzini had pursued them as well.  He had vivid memories of the monster.  He saw now that it had angry eyes and a cruel smile.
He watched from the wooded area beyond the street in shock as Gabriel and a small, Asian man attempted to fight the beast, to overcome it.  They could not defeat it as he’d hoped.  The monster was too powerful.  And very mean. 
He listened intently for ugly words to befall the monsters pressed lips.  It did not speak much, but when it did, its words resonated through the faceless man.  It said it was going to kill Melissa, his friend.  He edged closer to the street, his fist balled at his sides tightly and his breath came in short, shallow pants.  He watched the monster stalk toward Melissa and yank her by her slender arm.  He felt his fingernails break the skin of his palms as he clenched tighter and tighter, tensing the formidable muscles of his forearms and biceps.  Then to his horror, he saw the monster raise its massive hand and strike her; he knew in that instant that it intended to make good on his threat.  He knew the monster was going to kill her.
A strange sensation surged through the faceless man, an inexplicable phenomenon akin to a bolt of lightning flashing through his core.  Horror, anger and fear merged and sliced through him like a high-voltage current.  He opened his mouth and produced a sound heretofore unheard in nature; a sound as strange and dangerous as the reaction his body was producing.  
From a dark recess of his crux, he emitted a primitive warning to the beast that dared harm his friend.  He would not allow for her to be killed, and notified his adversary of impending conflict.  The same energy that flared within him set him into motion.  He ran as fast as his legs would allow and burst through the brush exploding against the behemoth brute.  His arms wrapped around it, locked it immediately in an unrelenting grip.  He buried his face against it.  As soon as he felt his face connect with the monster’s flesh he opened his mouth and bit down, hard into his neck.
The monster swatted at him, wriggled and flailed.  Its blows were more powerful than he could have ever imagined; each one felt as if a sledgehammer had drilled against his body.  It attempted to rake his eyes, scratching and clawing with animalistic ferocity.  But he did not let go, knew he must not let go.  He did not release his arms from their powerful encirclement and did not relax his jaw.  Pain radiated from every part of his body, but the faceless man refused to relinquish his grip.  His jaw clamped down squarely on the beast’s throat, he felt a warm gush of metallic-tasting fluid drain from it profusely.  
Though the monster bled, he still managed to pound at him, battering and injuring him.  From the corner of his eye, he glimpsed Melissa, wounded and frail, and bit down harder.  He felt the beast’s windpipe crush beneath the compression of his jaw and immediately felt the monster’s assaults weaken. Still, he did not retreat; he did not renounce his rigor.  He twisted his clinched teeth and felt the tension that once existed in monster slacken.  Still, he did not let go.  Blood flowed from its torn neck and dripped from his own mouth. 
In the time it took to empty life from the monster, the faceless man had not noticed the arrival of several police cars.  He did not see the uniformed men climb from their vehicles and train their pistols on him.  They shouted at him from every direction, a hideous cacophony of warnings and expletives.  He did not understand what all of the urgency was about; the monster was dead, his friend was safe.  He had done something noble, yet the uniformed men with their guns aimed at him did not seem to agree. 
He released the lifeless beast, watched as it fell to the ground.  He reached a hand to his chin, felt the blood and matter beneath his fingertips and realized he must look frightening to them.  He took a step toward the officers, trying desperately to gesture his intentions and the circumstances of the monster’s death but the armed men did not seem to care.  Instead, they seemed to mistake him for the monster when, in fact, he had saved his friend from one. 
“Take another step, and we’ll shoot!” one shouted.
“Stay where you are, asshole!” another yelled.
They did not understand his gestures, that he did not mean them any harm.  He put his arms up with his hands facing them, palms turned outward to signal his cooperation.  He stepped forward and heard a thunderous sound ring out followed by searing pain in his shoulder.  A bullet had penetrated his flesh, lodged somewhere in his upper arm.
“No!  Leave him alone!” a female voice cried out. 
He looked up to see Melissa screaming, urging the armed men to stop firing at him.  Her face was distraught, worry creased her face; she was concerned for him.  He staggered toward her, moved a fraction of a footstep in her direction and felt a stinging blast against his thigh and then another in his unwounded arm.
“Leave him alone!”  Melissa shrieked.  “He didn’t do anything!  Stop shooting! Please!”
Tears poured from her eyes, tears for him.  Melissa showed the truest mark of compassion; she wept for her friend.  He was her friend. 
He felt the next bullet tear into his chest, felt an unimaginable explosion of pain emanate from it.  He struggled to stay on his feet as he clutched his chest, and realized that someone cared about him; someone loved him.  He was Melissa’s friend.   It was the first time in his short existence that he was truly happy.
The faceless man outstretched his arms desperately trying to reach his friend and embrace her.  His legs gave out from beneath him, and he collapsed to the ground.  From his prone position he gazed up at her a final time before the world grew dark.
 

Chapter 29

Dr. Terzini, a man who prided himself on being detached, felt enraged.  Each hour that passed without communication with Eugene or the clones caused him to unravel further.  Clearly, something had gone wrong.  Despite enacting a secondary plan, Terzini’s strategy had been hindered, possibly obliterated.
He felt his hands tremble with ire and frustration as they grasped a wooden holder with four test tubes inside.  He hurled it against the far wall.  Glass exploded in every direction as the test tubes caused innumerable, microscopic slivers of dichroic matter to ricochet in every direction.  Light that seeped in from his room darkening shades and thwarted his need for darkness reflected and refracted in the glass slivers and lent them the appearance of glitter.  But there was nothing shining about the current moment he was experiencing; it appeared as though he had failed once again.
Ignoring the shimmering mess at his feet, he began to pace stroking his chin feverishly.  He wondered whether any of the three teenage clones lived.  Surely if any of them lived, they would have called long ago to inform him of their success, of Gabriel’s demise.
In all likelihood, Gabriel lived and was well aware of the fact that he’d dispatched the clones, as well as Eugene, to destroy him.  He even entertained the possibility that Gabriel had shared his generous amount of information and working knowledge of the cloning that took place with the authorities. 
He did not have time to waste on such speculations.  He had more important work to tend to.  Furthermore, Gabriel had no idea where he was.  Regardless of the information he decided to share-or not share-with authorities, Terzini was confident that no one would find him in time to stop what he was about to start.  His hands stopped trembling.  A sense of satisfaction usurped feelings of frustration and doubt. He calmly walked out of his laboratory and left the broken glass where it was.  He would clean it later.
Once outside, the daylight was blinding.  White light singed his corneas, caused his eyes to sting and tear. He squinted uncomfortably and walked faster to the main house.  He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and covered his mouth with it to protect his respiratory system from the dusty, smog-filled air.  He could not get indoors and out of the pollution-riddled environment soon enough.
Relieved, he reached his back door, crossed the threshold and stood in his kitchen gulping the purified air of his residence hungrily.  He went to the sink and immediately washed his hands and face with antibacterial soap and scalding hot water.  As soon as he felt sufficiently cleansed of the atmosphere beyond his home, he moved down a long corridor to a door that led to his basement.  He descended a flight of steps and was instantly comforted by what he saw.  Sixty development tanks, neatly arranged in rows, filled the over-sized space.  In each, a partially formed human being was growing and maturing, awaiting its birth.
The realization of Gabriel’s flaws, as well as Eugene’s, had prompted a sweeping transformation in his thought processes and caused him to realize the weakness in his original plan.  Initially, he had planned to have Gabriel integrate into society slowly, seamlessly.  The goal was for Gabriel to be the linchpin in his ultimate strategy of transforming society as a whole.  His original plan had been far too subtle, though.  He had never fully embraced subtlety but had thought it necessary given his former governmental affiliations.  Freed of his previous associations and dead according to global authorities, he could embark on a more aggressive approach.  He could begin the rebirth of society with the release of his first legion of his new race.  Together, they could expand and create more like them.  With sixty fully formed beings capable of reproduction, with heightened fertility and a far shorter gestational period after conception, their numbers would multiply quickly. 
His army of beings would busy themselves with reproduction and assist with creating more development tanks.  While they worked at their respective projects, he would be able to finally complete his experimentation with fetal enhancement in-utero and possess the irresistible ability to change all of mankind thereby eradicating the possibility of a woman ever birthing a flawed individual.  His goal was lofty, but attainable.  And since he currently resided in a location unknown to Gabriel, there would be no one to prevent him from achieving it.  If Gabriel still lived and somehow managed to locate him, his efforts would be in vain, his timing poor.  In the time it would take him to travel from Harbingers Falls to Santa Ynez, the first legion of beings would be born already and would have begun the initial change.  His legion would quickly grow to an army, an army led by him.  The world needed an exalted person such as himself capable of enlightened thinking and grand ideas with the talent to deliver meaningful results.  After all, humanity was so flawed, only the brightest most talented among them could commence a transformation of such magnitude.
He knew the transformation would take time; his project was multifaceted.  But patience and diligence would yield rewards beyond measure.  He would not only succeed where God had failed, he would replace God altogether and be heralded as the person responsible for ending war and crime, hate and violence, the Savior of Civilization.  He would be known as the Creator of the perfect civilization. 

Chapter 30

Melissa spotted Gabriel immediately as she emerged from the Harbinger Falls Police Department.  He had received medical treatment shortly after officers shot the creature that saved her.  His face was badly bruised and swollen but remained handsome nevertheless.  His arm dangled in a white sling and his ribs had been taped in place.  He looked battered.
She quickly closed the distance between them eager to be at his side despite the stiffness she felt in her back, an injury incurred from being thrown into Alexandra’s Mustang.
“Melissa,” he breathed.  “Look at you.  Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.  It looks worse than it feels,” she lied and touched her fingertips to an angry welt on her cheekbone.
“I’m not sure I believe you,” he said and leveled his cerulean eyes at her.  He regarded her with such concern, she believed he was not looking, in fact, but gazing into the depths of her psyche and drawing from it truths she would have rather concealed.
She felt her face blaze with warmth and was certain her pallor was replaced with rosiness.  “All right, if you must know, it feels every bit as bad as it looks.  There.  Does that make you happy?”
“Not at all. This is all my fault,” he said.
“Damn fuckin’ straight it is,” Alexandra announced from the top of the police department steps.  “If it weren’t for you, none of this would have happened.”
“Alex!”  Melissa admonished.  “Please!”
“Please what?  You know it’s true.  But we like him, so we put up with monsters chasing us, almost getting locked up for murders we didn’t commit.”
In the shadow cast by the sodium vapor street lights outside the police department, Alexandra’s face was obscured.  Melissa could not be sure whether her friend was joking around or being serious.  She hoped for Gabriel’s sake, Alexandra was kidding.
“Alexandra, I’m so sorry for getting you involved in all this,” Gabriel began.
“Oh save the cow eyes for her,” Alexandra gestured to Melissa.  “I was involved as soon as that Eugene creature came into my house and scared me shitless.   I was glad to see him die.  I could’ve done without all the blood and gore of it but therapy will help, I’m sure.  And seeing old Miss Harriet dead and Eric was pretty horrifying, also.”
“I’m so sorry; for all of it,” Gabriel said earnestly.
“No apologies, seriously.  Besides, I never would have met that pain in the ass,” Alexandra said and gestured to Yoshi as he walked through the glass doors of the building and began descending the concrete stairs. 
Melissa was sure her friend had intended for him to hear the compliment; that Alexandra enjoyed toying with him.  If it were anyone else, she would believe there was flirtation between them.  But Alexandra was not a flirt.  When she liked a boy, she was anything but shy about it.  Furthermore, Yoshi was unlike the boys Alexandra usually showed interest in.  Every guy, regardless of his age, showed interest in her but she was very selective with whom she bestowed her attention.  Yoshi, who was completely unaware of Alexandra’s preferences or patterns, beamed unabashedly and absorbed any attention she offered.  Melissa could not help but smile at whatever may or may not be going on between them.
“How’d everything go with you?” Yoshi asked Gabriel.
“Everyone seemed really freaked out.  They seemed to be under the impression something monumental had occurred here, that what they killed was an alien or something.”
“Ha!” Alexandra laughed.  “Are you sure it wasn’t an alien?”
“I wish it were that simple,” Gabriel replied cryptically.
“That thing was one of that Terzini guy’s creations?” Alexandra asked.
“Yes,” Gabriel answered.  “And that’s where things get complicated with the investigation.”
Melissa watched and listened as Gabriel returned their conversation to the matter at hand, deferring any further discussion that may delve into the nature of Terzini’s work until a more appropriate time.
“They have no proof that any of us were involved of course; only suspicion.  They can’t hold me, just like they can’t hold any of you.”
Melissa had already heard everything Gabriel had just said.  Only when it was explained to her by the police officer questioning her, a far different spin had been put on the story.  During her interview, the officer seemed intent on extricating some elusive key piece of information from her and of convincing her that she was nothing more than a pawn in an elaborate murderous plot.  Melissa resented every implication.  She did retain crucial information but vowed to die with it or rot in jail in its company rather than offer it to the authorities. 
“They have no reason or evidence to hold any of us,” Melissa agreed.
“Eugene also had a dead cop stuffed in his trunk and the cell phone that placed the 9-1-1 call in his pocket,” Gabriel stated.
“And the massive bruises on the dead bodies at your old house were all consistent with his fists,” Melissa added.
“Thank God for forensics, right?” Alexandra offered.
“And we all kept the same story, that Eugene was responsible for everything,” Melissa said.
Melissa noticed that Yoshi remained silent as they discussed their separate interrogations. 
“Yoshi, how did you do?” she asked.
“I just acted like I didn’t understand a word they said.”
Alexandra laughed, “Ha! You’re a funny little bastard, you know that?”
Melissa and Gabriel laughed as well but neither she nor he offered profanity-laced praise.
“No one tried to get you an interpreter?” Melissa asked.
“They tried.  They got a Korean guy, then a Chinese woman but my dialect is obsolete.  No one speaks the dialect but the Monpa people from my village.”
She watched as Alexandra nearly doubled over with laughter.  She exchanged a worried glance with Gabriel and tried to nonverbally communicate her fear that her friend was unraveling.  He returned her concerned expression with a shrug and a sly smirk.  Melissa was about to nudge him when she noticed Alexandra’s signature hair flip.  The gesture was reserved solely for those she wished to flirt with; it supported her suspicion that her friend was flirting with Yoshi.  
Inspired, Melissa tipped her chin up to Gabriel and looked lovingly at him.  Far too much time had passed since she felt his lips against hers.  After all they’d been through, all of the death they had witnessed and encountered, she longed for normality, for a semblance of warmth and affection. 
Once again, Gabriel seemed to read her mind simply by looking into her eyes.  He leaned forward and gently touched her lips with his.  The tender skin of his mouth barely grazed hers, his reluctance an obvious result of his injuries.   She knew that bending was a challenge for him, that twisting was torturous.  She did not wish to cause him anguish.  Instead, she stepped in front of him despite her back that complained with each footfall.  She cupped his bruised face in her hands and kissed him carefully.  
Melissa felt the pain and madness of the days leading up to the moment her mouth met his seep from her. She did not fret about the police or her father’s early return from his poker tournament.  She did not worry about impending punishment.  Horrific memories were purged from her mind’s eye for just a moment.   And she felt euphoric. 
“Ahem,” Alexandra cleared her throat exaggeratedly. “Okay, break it up you two or I’ll have to get a hose or something.”
Melissa reluctantly released Gabriel’s face from her hands and slowly backed away from him.  Only slightly embarrassed as opposed to utterly mortified, she scowled at her friends.  Yoshi laughed loudly.  Alexandra chuckled and smiled coyly at him.
“Well lovebirds, what do we do now?” Alexandra asked.
“Let me guess, you have to leave again or else Terzini will send something else after me,” Melissa heard herself say and immediately regretted the infantile tone of her voice and biting nature of her words.
“I’m not leaving you again,” Gabriel assured her, ignoring her juvenile accusation. 
“Then what do we do?” Melissa asked.
“We only have one choice really,” Gabriel replied.
“And what is that?”
“We have to find Terzini,” he began. “And kill him.”
No one spoke immediately.  Melissa processed the notion of a premeditated killing.  She gathered her friends were considering the gravity of what Gabriel proposed just as she did.
“I just hope I can do it this time,” Gabriel added.
No one seemed to fully understand what his words meant; Melissa certainly did not.  She assumed it was information he would disclose when the time was right but guessed it had more to do with Terzini and the fact that he was engineered in a very deliberate fashion that it did with moral rectitude.
“I’ll do it then,” Yoshi surprised her by declaring.  “I will kill Terzini.”
“And I’ll help,” Alexandra announced.
“Guys this isn’t your fight,” Gabriel said quietly.
“He’s tried to kill all of us, so it is our fight; all of us,” Melissa said.
“Shit yeah!” Alexandra rallied.  “But should we really be talking about offing the scumbag on the steps of the police department?”
“Yeah, that can’t be good,” Melissa said in a near-whisper.
“How do we find him?” Yoshi asked.
“I don’t know, but we are going to have to figure it out, fast, before it’s too late,” Gabriel concluded.
Melissa looked at Gabriel; there was no denying the truth of what he said.  She knew they had to find Terzini before he had a chance to send another of his creatures after them, that their lives were at stake.  If they failed at stopping Dr. Franklin Terzini, their fate was all but sealed.
About the Authors

Jennifer and Christopher Martucci hoped that their life plan had changed radically in early 2010.  To date, the jury is still out.  But late one night, in January of 2010, the stay-at-home mom of three girls under the age of six had just picked up the last doll from the playroom floor and placed it in a bin when her husband startled her by declaring, “We should write a book, together!”  Wearied from a day of shuttling the children to and from school, preschool and Daisy Scouts, laundry, cooking and cleaning, Jennifer simply stared blankly at her husband of fifteen years.  After all, the idea of writing a book had been an individual dream each of them had possessed for much of their young adult lives.  Both had written separately in their teens and early twenties, but without much success.  They would write a dozen chapters here and there only to find that either the plot would fall apart, or characters would lose their zest, or the story would just fall flat.  Christopher had always preferred penning science-fiction stories filled with monsters and diabolical villains, while Jennifer had favored venting personal experiences or writing about romance.  Inevitably though, frustration and day-to-day life had placed writing on the back burner and for several years, each had pursued alternate (paying) careers.  But the dream had never died.  And Christopher suggested that their dream ought to be removed from the back burner for further examination.  When he proposed that they author a book together on that cold January night, Jennifer was hesitant to reject the idea outright.  His proposal sparked a discussion, and the discussion lasted deep into the night.  By morning, the idea for the Dark Creations series was born.
The Dark Creations series, as well as the Arianna Rose series and the Planet Urth series, are works that were written while Jennifer and Christopher continued about with their daily activities and raised their young children.  They changed diapers, potty trained and went to story time at the local library between chapter outlines and served as room parents while fleshing out each section.  Life simply continued.  And in some ways, their everyday lives were reflected in the characters of each series.  
As the story line continues to evolve, so too does the Martucci collaboration.  Lunches are still packed, noses are still wiped and time remains a rare and precious commodity in their household, but it is the sound of happy chaos that is the true background music of their writing.  They hope that all enjoy reading their work as much as they enjoyed writing it.
Books by Jennifer and Christopher Martucci:

The Dark Creations Series (A YA paranormal romance series)

Dark Creations: Gabriel Rising (Part 1)
Dark Creations: Gabriel Rising (Part 2)
Dark Creations: Gabriel Rising (Part 1&2)
Dark Creations: Resurrection (Part 3)
Dark Creations: The Hunted (Part 4)
Dark Creations: Hell on Earth (Part 5)
Dark Creations: Dark Ending (Part 6) 
Dark Creations Boxed Set (Books 1-3)

The Arianna Rose Series (A paranormal romance series)

Arianna Rose (Part 1)
Arianna Rose: The Awakening (Part 2)
Arianna Rose: The Gathering (Part 3)
Arianna Rose: The Arrival (Part 4)
Arianna Rose: The Gates of Hell (Part 5)

The Planet Urth Series (A YA post-apocalyptic series) 

Planet Urth (Book 1)
Planet Urth: The Savage Lands (Book 2)
Planet Urth: The Underground City (Book 3)

Thank You So Much For Reading Our Book!

We deeply appreciate your readership and would love to hear from you!
For information about upcoming releases (or just to say hi!) please visit our website at http://www.darkcreationssaga.com .  To sign up for our mailing list and receive information about upcoming release and special promos, please visit http://eepurl.com/Jp7yz

Thank you again for reading!

Love,
Jennifer and Christopher Martucci

Oh, One Last Thing Before You Go…

When you turn the page, you may be given the opportunity to express your thoughts on Facebook and Twitter automatically.  If you enjoyed our book, please take a second to click that button and let your friends know about it!

If they get something out of the book, they’ll be grateful to you, and we will be, too!

Thank you so much!

Love,
Jenny and Chris




