Marked by Destiny

Copyright © 2014 Various Authors

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of the authors.

Cover and design by Cora Graphics
Formatting and links provided by B&R Publishing

Ten different stories by ten different authors. For your convenience, links have been added to each book to allow you to instantly find the story you want to read when you want to read it.

Book 1

Prequel: Destiny Begins ~ The Twin Destinies Saga - Cheryl Davis

Before twins, Cora and Viola, can fulfill the destiny that fate has laid out for them, Angelica and Thomas must overcome the obstacles that stand in the way of their mating.
They’d met as young children and were pulled together then but fate kept them apart for years even though they attended the same schools all of their lives. With their parents hating each other and having forbidden them to even talk to each other, it’s a shock when they find out that destiny has chosen them to be together. How do they overcome the war between each of their parents to make their relationship work or will they eventually cave to the pressure and walk away?

Book 2

Crush – by bestselling author Chrissy Peebles

His precious touch could prove deadly…

When Taylor Sparks moves from New York City to Big Bear Lake, California; her life is forever changed when she meets a hot guy with winter-blue eyes named Jesse. Their attraction is instant, the chemistry undeniable. But sadly, things aren't adding up. Taylor wonders what her 'crush' is hiding. When her new friend, Fred tells her his suspicions about Jesse being a paranormal creature, Taylor laughs. But when Fred turns up dead, she believes every warning he ever told her.

Taylor is shocked to learn that Big Bear Lake isn't just glittering lakes, towering pines, and breathtaking mountains...there's more...way more than meets the eye.

Will Taylor dive into a paranormal world she knows nothing about? To be with the one her heart can’t live without?


Book 3

Vampire in Denial – by bestselling author Dale Mayer

Blood doesn't just make her who she is...it also makes her what she is.

Like being a sixteen-year-old vampire isn't hard enough, Tessa's throwback human genes make her an outcast among her relatives. But try as she might, she can't get a handle on the vampire lifestyle and all the...blood.

Turning her back on the vamp world, she embraces the human teenage lifestyle--high school, peer pressure and finding a boyfriend. Jared manages to stir something in her blood. He's smart and fun and oh, so cute. But Tessa's dream of a having the perfect boyfriend turns into a nightmare when vampires attack the movie theatre and kidnap her date.

Once again, Tessa finds herself torn between the human world and the vampire one. Will blood own out? Can she make peace with who she is as well as what?

Warning: This book ends with a cliffhanger! Book 2 picks up where this book ends.

Book 4

– by bestselling author Kristen Middleton

~The Coin Collector~

In their small Iowa town, children start to go missing on their tenth birthday. The hot Irish girl across the street claims her creepy father, Mr. O'Darby, is a leprechaun who collects more than just gold coins, and 17-year-old Trent begins to fear for the safety of his brother, Ben, whose tenth birthday grows near.


Book 5

Element – part one – by bestselling author CM Doporto
College freshman, Natalie Vega, offers to be a test patient for several vitamins and supplements created by Kronberg Laboratories, a large pharmaceutical company where she interns. Immediately her body starts going through physical changes but when she runs into her former high school crush, Ryan Garret, she is unaware of the life altering affects he will have on her. Will Natalie be able to handle her supernatural/superhero changes?

*Recommended Age: 16 and up
***Young adult/New Adult cross over***

Book 6

Kindred – by bestselling author Erica Stevens

What do you do when the one you love is also your worst enemy?
Trapped in a destiny she does not want, Cassie finds herself lost and adrift until he walks into her life, turning it upside down and awakening her in ways that she never dreamed possible.
Cassie is stunned and devastated to learn that she belongs to a long line of vampire slayers known as The Hunters. A murderous rampage by a group of elder vampires has left the Hunter line decimated and the remaining Hunters scattered around the world. With her friends Chris and Melissa’s aid, Cassie struggles to rid the world of the monsters that murdered her parents. Though Cassie knows it is her fate, she chafes against her heritage, and is resentful of the shortened lifespan that has been placed upon her by the circumstances of birth. Struggling to get through every day, Cassie finds herself simply going through the motions of living. That is, until Devon arrives. Tall, dark, and mysterious, his arrival turns the school, and Cassie’s life, upside down. Fighting against her fierce attraction to him, and the chaos he represents in her carefully ordered days, she is irresistibly drawn to him. Though worried that what she truly is will place Devon in danger, she is unable to fight her feelings for him. He is the one light, and the only source of hope she has in a world that revolves around death and fear. What she does not know is that Devon has some dark secrets of his own, secrets even more frightening and dangerous than hers. Secrets that threaten to tear them apart forever.



Book 7

Radium Halo’s – by bestselling author W.J. May

Everyone needs to be a hero at one point in their life. The small town of Elliot Lake will never be the same again after Zoe, a high school senior from Elliot Lake, and five of her friends take shelter in an abandoned uranium mine during a violent thunderstorm. Over the next few days, Zoe’s hearing sharpens drastically… to supernatural levels. She tells her friends, only to learn that four others have an increased sense as well. Zoe is determined to use her new power for good, while trying to keep her growing feelings for Kieran, the new Scottish boy from their group, under control.
Fashioning themselves into superheroes, the group tries to stop the strange occurrences happening in their little town. Muggings, break-ins, disappearances, and murder begin to hit too close to home. It leads the team to think someone knows about their secret – someone who wants them all dead.
An incredulous group of heroes. A traitor in the midst. Some dreams are written in blood.

**This is Part 1 of 2**
*Warning: This book will end on a cliffhanger. Book 2 picks up where this book ends.*


Book 8

Unseen - by bestselling author C.J. Pinard

Vampire Dylan and his family live a quiet life in western Idaho. Dylan spends his time going to high school and most of his time alone. When he befriends a shy, quiet student named Caroline, he’s happy to continue the good work he feels he’s been doing for a group of kids who had been victims of accidents. When Dylan has to break some more bad news to Caroline, he isn’t sure he can do it. But then he quickly realizes there is no one else who can… or who should.


Book 9

Treasured Secrets – by C.M. Owens

Her blood paints her a target, whereas his marks him the enemy, but together they could be the key to changing it all…

Aria Weislen fought hard to stay in her rainforest home deep in the heart of South America, but she was forced to go back to the states to join the rest of her family. Grayford, Massachusetts is almost the polar opposite of her sweet jungle escape, but it does have one thing her old home never offered… Tallis Verdan. The sight of him leaves her unbalanced and almost incoherent.
Stolen glances and accidental grazes leave her with a fever almost every time. But his mixed signals get her high one second before leaving her to plummet the very next. In a world full of secrets, looks can be deceiving. Even her own reflection has been hiding the truth of what’s to come.
It doesn’t take long to realize why Tallis sends her on such highs and lows. His blood, his ties, and his secrets rival hers. And when the reality Aria has known shatters to make way for the fantasy she never believed, it all spirals out of control.

It’s her they want, but he’ll stand in the way…

*Warning: This is book one of a four book series.*


Book 10

Awakening - by Samantha Long

When Sophie moves to Boston to get away from the people who ridiculed her for her psychic talents, she wants to start fresh. But when a demon attacks her study group at the library, she has no choice but to reveal her abilities to warn the others.

She learns the attacks won't stop until she's dead. To stay alive she joins forces with the other students and a secret society that has battled the demons for centuries.

The last thing she wants to do is be a pawn in the war of good and evil. When her visions start showing events from a past life, she can't ignore the connections it shows. She has no choice but to acknowledge the bonds that tie her to the other students, even if some of them refuse, to have the strength to defeat the demon that hunts them down.

Will she survive long enough to stop the demons from destroying everything and everyone she loves?


Destiny Begins
The Twin Destinies Saga
Prequel Novella
By
Cheryl Davis
Copyright © 2014 Cheryln Davis
Destiny Begins
Written by, Cheryl Davis
ISBN Number: 978-1-304-83801-8
Edited by: Christina Escue @ C.E. Editing, email: ceediting2013@yahoo.com
Cover Art by: Cora Graphics, email: info@coragraphics.it or website: www.coragraphics.it
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Acknowledgements
I have to thank my mother for teaching me that reading is an adventure from a very early age. She’s the one who showed me that books will always be better than movies and should always be cherished.
To my husband and kids, your support means everything to me. Your belief helped to make this book possible because without you, my life would be empty.
Many thanks and much love to my wonderful editor Christina at C.E. Editing. I couldn’t make this journey without you.
Cora Graphics, your vision and talent are truly amazing and I love the cover that you have designed for this book. Working with you is truly a pleasure and I look forward to many more collaborations to come!
I have such love for my wonderful beta readers Donna Bossert, Caryn Santee, Christina Escue, Michelle Williams and Raygan Taylor. Your insight and suggestions helped to make this book come to life.
My eternal gratitude goes out to fellow authors who take the time to still continually give me pointers and advice through this amazing journey. Thank you so much Chrissy Peebles, Erica Stevens, Ellena Jennings and Wanita May for all you do.
To Tarnya Rutherford and all of the amazing fans on my street team, thank you for your dedication and support. Most of all, thank you for sharing my books with the world.
Don’t ever give up on your dreams, even if you haven’t figured out what they are yet!


Books by Cheryl Davis
Destiny Begins: The Twin Destinies Saga Prequel Novella
Cora’s Kismet: The Twin Destinies Saga Book One
Viola’s Risk: The Twin Destinies Saga Book Two (Coming Soon)


Chapter One
Angelica was frustrated as she brushed out her hair while getting herself ready for school. Nothing felt right in her life anymore. Her parents, or more accurately, her mother, were always nagging her about finding her mate. It wasn’t enough that Camilla was always shoving the wrongs done to their ancestor by the same name as her own, down her throat anymore, now she had to deal with having to be mated even though she just wasn’t ready for that.
To make matters even worse, the boy she liked was off limits to her because of some feud that had gone on for who knows how long between her family and his. Her mother had forbidden her from even looking in his direction, let alone talking to him, but what she did at school Camilla didn’t necessarily have to know about. The corners of Angelica’s mouth lifted in a sly smile at the thought of the stolen glances she’d managed to catch of Thomas around school.
She still didn’t have enough courage to talk to him, more because she was afraid someone would clue her mother into the fact that she’d disobeyed, than any worries that he’d reject her. She’d caught him stealing glances at her as well. It wasn’t like there was a chance the two of them could be mates because they were both Lunarians. Typically, their kind mated Lunarian to Solarian and vice versa. It was just an innocent crush between them.
“I don’t know what the big deal is.” Angelica said to herself in the full-length mirror. She tossed her brush onto her dresser and snatched up her backpack from the floor, heading out of the bedroom for the front door. As she walked down the hall, she thought back to the first time she’d met Thomas.
They’d all been at an official, mandatory meeting called by the leader of their race. She’d only been three years old so she didn’t remember anything about what the meeting was about. Anna had taken her over to a grassy area outside of the amphitheater used for this type of gathering so she could play without disrupting the proceedings.
As she ran around the clearing picking all of the pretty flowers she could find, a boy a little older than her came running across the clearing, plowing through the flowers and trampling all over them.
Angelica smiled as she remembered how furious she had been that he’d been crushing the beautiful blooms she was picking for her mother.
“You’d better hurry, or you’ll be late for school.” Her father’s voice interrupted her memory. She looked up into his kind eyes and wondered how he could stand being mated to as hateful of a woman as her mother was.
“I’m going to catch the bus now. I won’t miss it or be late Dad. I promise.” Angelica said and stood on her toes to give him a kiss on the cheek.
“Have a good day my dear.” He said as he turned and headed into his study, where he spent most of his time, trying to avoid Camilla. Angelica thought it was such a shame because he was a great man.
Exiting the house, she glanced at her watch and realized she was running later than she’d thought. Taking off at a run, she made it to the bus stop just as the bus was coming to a stop. Panting from her run, she climbed on board the bus and took her seat next to one of her two best friends.
Amy looked up at Angelica and smiled.
“I’m gonna ask Craig out today.” She stated without saying hello. That was just how Amy was and it made Angelica smile as she caught her breath.
“I don’t know what you see in him Aimes. He’s such a moron.” Angelica said as she settled in, her heavy breathing easing into her normal pattern.
“He’s just so hot.” Amy exclaimed.
“Good looks don’t make up for not having any brains.” Angelica said with a smirk.
“Who needs brains when he looks that good?” She replied and flashed a brilliant smile.
Angelica laughed. It was just like Amy to not care at all whether the guy she was dating had anything going for him in the intelligence department, or not, as long as he was good eye candy.
“He’s so shallow though. Give him a mirror and he’ll be entertained for hours and won’t even realize you exist.” Angelica said and rolled her eyes. Guys like him drove her nuts.
“Then I’ll just have to keep him away from mirrors won’t I?” Amy asked as she pulled out a small mirror of her own and checked her make up.
“Never mind, all we’d have to do is give you your own mirror and you two would get along great.” Angelica said and swatted her friend on the arm.
“Ha ha, you are so funny.” Amy said, putting the mirror back in her purse.
“It’s not my fault that you’re as attracted to mirrors as Craig is. Maybe if you worried about your grades as much as you do whether or not your makeup and hair are perfect, you wouldn’t be almost failing most of your classes.” Angelica told her friend with a serious look.
“Like I’m ever gonna need this stuff out in the real world Angie.” Amy replied with a roll of her eyes.
Angelica dropped it because the bus was now pulling up to the school. She also knew that Amy wasn’t about to listen to anything she had to say on the subject of school and grades. As much as she loved her friend, she knew their priorities, when it came to boys and school, were on opposite ends of the spectrum.
As Amy and Angelica got off of the bus, they were met by their other best friend, Tracy.
“Hey.” She called out as they walked the three feet over to where she was sitting on the low wall surrounding a flower bed in front of the school.
“So, Amy’s decided she’s going to ask Craig out today.” Angelica said, beating her friend to the punch and earning herself a dirty look.
“Yeah, you have fun with that. He’s too dumb for my tastes.” Tracy said, rolling her eyes.
“He’s the quarterback of the football team Trace, what’s not to like?” Amy asked as she scanned the area in front of the school for him.
Angelica looked around too, but it wasn’t for Craig.
“You know better than to get me started on that one Aimes. Looking for Thomas?” Tracy asked Angelica after dismissing Amy’s question.
“I know I’m not supposed to even look his way but I can’t help myself.” Angelica said and plopped down next to Tracy on the wall when she didn’t spot him on her scan, disappointed.
“What is the deal with your parents? Why do you two have to suffer because they can’t get along?” Tracy asked irritated. She knew how much Angelica liked Thomas, and she thought the rule of no contact between them was dumb.
“I have no idea. Anytime I ask, I get told that it’s nothing for me to worry about. Then they start asking why I’m asking. I can’t tell them the reason, so I have to drop it before I get into trouble.” Angelica said with a sigh.
“Why is it that the grownups act more like children than we do? We’re supposed to be the children, not them.” Tracy asked leaning back with her palms in the dirt of the flower bed.
“I don’t know, but I wish they’d grow up.” She said and scanned the crowd of people again. As her eyes passed over each person, she felt a gaze on her back and turned her head to look for the source.
As she turned halfway around, her eyes met Thomas’ and locked. For a few minutes, it was as if they were alone in their own world together, as if nothing else existed. It felt like it lasted forever before the connection was broken when the warning bell for homeroom rang out, and Tracy tugged on her arm so they weren’t late for class.
*****
Thomas watched for Angelica to get off the bus every morning just so he could see her. This morning his friend Alex had him checking answers to their math homework, so he didn’t notice when her bus arrived. When he was finished, he handed the paper back over and looked around. He saw the bus, but no Angelica.
Becoming worried that he’d missed seeing her, his eyes glanced around quickly, looking for a glimpse of her dark chocolate brown hair. He made several scans of the crowd before he spotted her sitting with her friend Tracy.
Once his eyes landed on her, he couldn’t pull them away. Alex said something to him that he missed, and he didn’t care. When she turned around and their gazes met, he knew it was just a matter of time before he broke the rules his parents had laid down and talked to her. She was just so beautiful and had captured his heart completely.
When the bell rung he wanted to scream out his frustration, but instead he picked up his backpack and followed her inside at a distance. He knew they’d pass each other in the halls several times throughout the day.
“Yeah, you need to ignore your parents and just go talk to her, because you’ve got it bad man.” Alex said with a nudge to Thomas’ shoulder.
“That obvious huh?” Thomas asked, not really worried whether it was or not.
“Duh.” Alex said as they entered their homeroom.
“Yeah well, you know there’s nothing I can do about it.” Thomas said, sliding into his seat. Alex slid into the one next to his and gave him an ‘are you stupid?’ look.
“You need to stop being all goody-goody and go talk to the girl already.” Alex said as the teacher walked in and effectively ended all on-going conversations.

Chapter Two
The day passed almost in slow motion. Angelica felt like she was going to scream her frustration out loud by the time the bell finally rang to signal the end of the school day. As much as she didn’t want to go home and be around her mother, knowing that Thomas was in the same building, but she couldn’t talk to him was driving her insane. She didn’t know why it was bothering her today when it didn’t normally bother her much.
Jumping out of the seat of her last class, she bypassed her locker and headed straight for the bus. Being at home with her insufferable mother would be a lot easier than trying to keep herself from giving in to the pull of talking to Thomas. Shaking her head, she pushed her way through the crowd of students, forcing herself not to use her Lunarian powers to make them move out of her way.
When she reached the bus, she climbed on board and sank down by the window in hers and Amy’s normal seat, to wait for everyone else to be loaded. Leaning her forehead on the window, she prayed that Amy wouldn’t pester her with questions about what was going on with her, because she had no answers for her friend. She was asking herself those same questions and coming up with no answers.
Amy climbed on board the bus and flopped onto the seat next to Angelica giving her a strange look. Angelica never left without walking with Amy to the bus.
“Don’t ask.” Angelica mumbled to her friend without looking over.
“Something’s wrong. What’s going on?” Amy asked anyway.
“I don’t know but I wish this bus would go already.” She said, closing her eyes, the pull toward Thomas growing stronger and stronger for her. She needed distance and fast.
“Angie, talk to me.” Amy pleaded in a low, worried voice.
“I don’t know how to explain it. I need to figure it out for myself first. I’ll call you and Trace later.” Angelica responded in a low voice.
Amy stopped asking questions and pushing her to explain as the bus pulled away from the curb. Angelica hoped that distance was the answer to her current problem otherwise, she was in deep trouble.
It felt like ages before the bus rolled to a stop at her drop off point and Amy scooted out of the seat to let her pass.
“Don’t forget to call us later.” Amy reminded Angelica with a quick hug.
“I won’t.” Angelica promised and got off the bus. Walking very slowly, she made her way to the enormous monstrosity her parents called home, but what she felt was more like a prison than a home. She still couldn’t get Thomas off of her mind and wanted, more than anything, to go find him and talk to him.
“Crap.” She said to herself when she realized that distance was not helping how she was feeling at all.
She climbed the porch stairs, entered the house and went straight to her room, locking the door behind her. Throwing her backpack on the floor, she flopped onto the bed and covered her head with her pillow, trying to block whatever it was that was going on with her.
Fighting it was giving her a headache that made her want to know what was going on even more. If her mother knew that she felt pulled toward the son of people she hated, there was no telling what she would do to her daughter. Camilla was cruel when angry and her punishments were painful and humiliating.
Groaning, she rolled over onto her back and stared at the ceiling. She had to get control over herself before dinner otherwise, her mother was sure to know something was wrong. Closing her eyes, she tried her best to push any thoughts or feelings for Thomas out of her mind and body.
Putting herself into a meditative state, she focused on creating peace within her mind and body. She kept herself that way until the strong pull dissolved into the normal little nag she was used to and could hide from her mother.
Feeling better, she resolved to make it through dinner before she tried to figure out what had happened within her today.
Pulling out her homework, she got busy because her father was very strict about it being finished before dinner, unless she had an unusually high amount of it. She wasn’t blessed to have that excuse today so she had to get busy, because her stomach was rumbling. Lunch had been a joke today. All she could do was pick at her food because of the emotions rolling through her with such high intensity.
Focusing, she breezed through her homework and finished just as the maid knocked on the door to let her know it was time for dinner to be served. Thanking her through the door, she stood, smoothed out her clothes and mentally prepared herself for the usual torture that was their nightly meal with her mother.
*****
Thomas was pacing the floor of his room, unable to get Angelica out of his mind. She was like fire in his blood and he couldn’t understand why. They’d had no more contact today than they’d had any other day before this, yet today he felt like he had to be near her or he’d die.
“What is wrong with me?” Thomas asked himself in the mirror as he walked toward it.
Shaking his head, he turned and walked back toward his bedroom door. The phone in his room rang and he hurried over to answer it.
“Hello?” He answered.
“Hey man.” Came Alex’s voice over the line and Thomas sighed in relief. It could have been one of the many Solarian girls his mother kept giving the number to his private line to, in hopes he’d like one of them and find his mate.
“What’s going on?” Thomas asked as he dropped into the chair at his desk.
“You tell me. You took off from school this afternoon like you had a swarm of bees on your butt and you’re allergic.” Alex replied.
“I don’t know man.” Thomas said and closed his eyes. The bright side to having Alex as a friend was that he was a Solarian and not human, so he could actually discuss this problem with him, but the down side was Alex tended to see through any lies or excuses he’d tell to get his friend off his back when he didn’t want to talk about something.
“You can either tell me now over the phone or I’m coming over.” Alex said in a mock threatening voice.
“Oh no, you can’t come over.” Thomas feigned being scared by the threat.
“Yeah, you’re funny. So what’s going on with you man?” Alex asked again.
“It’s hard to explain when I don’t understand it myself.” Thomas replied and rubbed the bridge of his nose in frustration.
“Well, when did it start?” Alex persisted.
“Dude, you’re like a dog with a bone, you know that?” Thomas asked with a laugh.
“Yeah, but you already knew that. Stop avoiding the question.” Alex said, digging in his heels.
“This morning, just before homeroom.” Thomas answered his friend’s question without elaborating more.
“Like, right after the eye lock with the forbidden fruit?” Alex asked, definitely interested.
“Yeah.” Thomas said.
“I told you, you’ve got it bad man. You need to do something about it.” His friend told him.
“What would you like me to do, that wouldn’t get me into deep trouble with my parents?” Thomas asked him with exasperation.
“Just talk to the girl. It’s ridiculous that the two of you can’t even be friends because your parents can’t get along.” He insisted.
“Yeah well, it’s a shame that my parents and her parents don’t agree with your thoughts on the matter.” Thomas told him, voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Are you going to tell them? I won’t.” Alex said in a daring voice. “What your parents don’t know won’t hurt them.”
“You may have no problem breaking rules, but I don’t have that luxury. My father will make me wish I was dead if he found out I disobeyed his rules.” Thomas told his friend, wishing he had the courage to be more like Alex.
“You know what, you are such a sissy. Either come up with a way to get that girl out of your head or talk to her, but do something. I’ve gotta run, my mom’s calling for me.” Alex said and Thomas could hear the eye roll that went along with it over the phone.
“Yeah, you’d better go before she actually dares to enter your room. She may never be seen again if she goes in there.” Thomas teased. He was such a neat freak that he couldn’t stand hanging out in his friend’s room for even a few seconds.
“Yeah, you’re full of laughs tonight. Ha, ha. Talk to you later.” Alex said with a fake laugh.
“Later.” Thomas said and hung the handset back up on the receiver before leaning back in the chair. He let his thoughts wander back to this morning and the connection he’d felt with Angelica.
Shaking his head, he pushed her to the back of his mind when he glanced at the clock and saw it was time for dinner. He headed down to the dining room and prayed he’d hidden his feelings for Angelica deep enough that his parents wouldn’t question him about them.

Chapter Three
Dinner was a chore to get through. Camilla did a good job of keeping Angelica from thinking of Thomas by nagging her about finding her mate like her older sister, Anna, had done already. Angelica spent the meal wishing Anna was there to be a buffer between herself and their mother, like she’d always been as they’d grown up. It was obvious that Anna was Camilla’s favorite child between the two of them.
“I’m sure I’ll find my mate when I’m meant to.” Angelica said, getting more than a little annoyed by her mother’s constant rant.
“Are you even trying Angelica? You aren’t getting any younger.” Camilla snapped at her daughter.
“Camilla please, she’s still young. Let her enjoy her youth.” Angelica’s father, Marcus, pleaded with his mate.
“Does anyone else not understand the importance of this?” Camilla shouted, throwing her hands up in the air.
“We both understand the importance, but there isn’t any rush. She’s only sixteen years old.” Marcus told her with obvious irritation.
Angelica knew her mother only cared about her finding a mate so she could get her out of the house for good. The two of them had never gotten along and never saw eye to eye on anything. Being in the same room was torture for both of them.
“I was sixteen when I met you.” Camilla pointed out with a smirk.
“Yes, you were but that doesn’t mean everyone finds their mates at such a young age.” Marcus responded. Angelica was thankful that her father was backing her up this time. At a normal dinner, he’d sit and eat without uttering a single syllable, while Camilla badgered their daughter, over and over again.
“She needs to at least be trying. I’m sure she’s not even making the smallest attempt to find her mate just to spite me.” Camilla declared with a glare in their daughter’s direction.
“Give it a rest. I’m tired of trying to eat my dinner while listening to you go on and on about this.” Marcus said between gritted teeth.
“May I please be excused?” Angelica asked with caution.
“No. I am not done speaking with you.” Camilla stated in defiance of Marcus’ statement.
“You may leave. Go get some rest for school tomorrow.” Marcus told her and shot Camilla a silencing look when she opened her mouth to object. Angelica fled the room as fast as she could, before the fireworks really got going.
As she hurried up the stairs, she heard yelling coming from the dining room. It wasn’t often that Marcus opposed his mate, but when he did, everyone steered clear of them because Camilla exploded. Marcus picked his battles with his mate, so he must have been extremely fed up to have told her to stop and then overrode her when it came to excusing Angelica from the table.
Reaching her room, she closed and locked the door behind her. She wanted fair warning if her mother followed her after the argument with her father was over.
She grabbed her phone, pulled it off the end table next to her bed and dialed Tracy’s number. They had a three-way call going with Amy in no time. Even though both Tracy and Amy were humans and she couldn’t tell them everything, she could tell them just enough to ease the pressure her mother placed on her every day.
Before long, her two friends had her laughing so hard there were tears streaming down her cheeks. She was thankful Amy didn’t press the issue of what had happened after school during their phone conversation, but she knew it was only a matter of time before Amy would demand answers.
After talking for almost an hour, the girls got off of the phone and Angelica climbed into a nice hot shower. Closing her eyes, she thought over the day and tried to figure out exactly what had happened.
She knew she’d felt a strong connection when her eyes had connected with Thomas’ before school. This couldn’t be a mating connection because both of them were Lunarians and that just wasn’t possible. Was it?
Wishing she had the answers, she finished her shower and toweled dry. Dressing in her favorite pajamas, she wrapped her hair in the towel and walked over to her bed, sitting down on the edge. Staring at the wall, she wished the answers she sought would come to her.
She didn’t know how long she sat that way, staring at the wall, but when she finally yawned, she got up, took the towel off her hair and brushed it until it shined. She turned off the light and walked over to her bed, sitting on the edge again. Climbing in the bed, she wondered what would happen the next day at school, or if she should fake being sick to put more distance between them so the same thing would not happen the next day.
*****
Dinner for Thomas was not even half as bad as dinner was for Angelica. There was an active discussion around the table about each person’s day, teasing and laughter, but it was still difficult for him to make it through the meal. His mind kept wandering back to Angelica’s beautiful face and how green her eyes were. They were like two brilliant emeralds set into the most perfect face he had ever laid eyes on.
He picked at his food, not really eating until his mother noticed and commented.
“What’s wrong son? You’re not eating.” Marie asked, concern making her features look older than she actually was.
“Just thinking about some things. I’ve got a big exam coming up in a few days that I’m planning study time for.” Thomas lied and prayed his parents wouldn’t catch on to it. Luckily for him, the lie detector, Alex, wasn’t over for dinner tonight otherwise, he’d be busted already.
“Yes, your grades are very important. You should eat so you have what you need in your body to prepare for this exam.” Jacob, his father, stated.
“Yes, sir.” Thomas replied and placed a large bite of food in his mouth. Nodding, Jacob turned his attention back to Marie and planning for whatever social function was coming up. Thomas drowned out the conversation. He had no interest in those kinds of things.
Forcing himself to finish eating, he asked politely to be excused from the table. Both of his parents excused him, and he gave his mother a kiss on the cheek as he passed her chair.
Hurrying, he made his way to his room and got himself ready for bed. Unlike Angelica, he was excited to see what the next day brought and if the pull between himself and Angelica would be just as strong as it had been today. If it was, he would definitely give Alex’s suggestion of talking to her, even though it was against the rules, serious consideration.
Closing his eyes, he fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.

Chapter Four
The next morning, Angelica pulled herself out of bed with a feeling of dread. No matter how much she tried, she couldn’t justify skipping school just to avoid Thomas. Besides, she wasn’t a coward who ran and hid from her problems, she faced them head on.
Squaring her shoulders, she pulled herself together and prepared for school. She fought the instinct that rose in her to spend extra time on her makeup and picking out the perfect outfit, so Thomas would see her at her absolute best. She threw on the first matching outfit she came upon and let her hair hang loose in a natural style.
The only part of her makeup she spent a few extra minutes on was the concealer under her eyes to hide the dark circles from lack of sleep. She’d tossed and turned for most of the night, thoughts of what had happened the day before preventing her from sleeping much at all.
Glancing at the clock, she gasped at how late she was running again, grabbed her backpack and raced out of the house toward the bus stop. She’d never hear the end of it from her mother if she missed the bus to school.
She got to the stop just before the driver closed the door, and climbed on board. She slid into her normal seat next to Amy and leaned back against the seat to catch her breath. Lucky for her, Amy seemed to sense Angelica’s mood and didn’t say a word during the trip to school.
They got off the bus and Angelica did her very best to not scan the crowd for Thomas, even though she could feel his presence vibrating through her body. That strange pull toward him started again and made her want to turn around and run all the way home. Instead, she straightened her shoulders, walked over to Tracy’s usual spot on the wall and sat down next to her friend. She leaned back with her hands in the garden dirt, closed her eyes and tipped her head back so the sunshine could warm her face.
Amy and Tracy maintained their usual conversational banter about the different boys around them and how irritated Amy was when she didn’t get a chance to ask Craig out the day before. Angelica smiled at their sarcastic comments and playful arguments. They were like sisters and Angelica wished she could be human like them so she didn’t have to worry about controlling her powers at all times, or finding a mate. She also wouldn’t have to hear about their wronged ancestor, every time she turned around.
It was all too much for her and being overtired, as she was this morning, she wished harder than she ever had before to be human and not have those worries to deal with. Unfortunately, she was not lucky enough to have her wish granted.
The bell rang and her day began. It was another long and tortuous day. Each class seemed to drag on forever, until lunch finally rolled around. She met Amy and Tracy at their usual table. Not being hungry, she didn’t bother going through the line to get food, but sat without saying a word as Tracy and Amy chatted on. She loved how her friends seemed to sense her mood and not push her about what was wrong. Angelica was sure they knew it had something to do with either Thomas, her mother, or both, and of course, they were right.
When they were finished eating there were only a few minutes left before the bell rang and they had to head to their different classes. They left their table, threw their trash away and headed out of the cafeteria. They were a few feet outside of the cafeteria when Thomas and a group of his friends walked past in the opposite direction. On accident, Angelica’s hand brushed against Thomas’ and she felt an electric shock run like a live current through her entire being, body and soul.
She stopped dead in her tracks and turned to look at him. When her eyes met his, she saw the exact same shock and horror she was feeling, reflected back at her in his eyes.
“No.” Angelica whispered her horror.
Thomas just stared back at her with a stunned look on his face. She watched as his friend Alex leaned over and whispered something in his ear and nodded in her direction. Shaking her head, she turned and rushed off down the hall, trying to put as much distance between them as she possibly could, but not even the Earth was big enough for that to happen.
“Angelica, wait!” Thomas called out after her, but she didn’t stop. Her mother would kill her for this even though it was something out of her control. Fate decided who your mate was.
Reaching her locker, she opened it, grabbed her backpack and books out of it and headed to the office. She didn’t need to fake being sick at this point, the thought of what her mother would do to her when she found out her mate was the son of her enemies, was enough to make her physically ill.
Entering the office, the secretary greeted her with a warm smile. She explained that she was feeling sick and needed to go home as quickly as she could. Nodding, the secretary picked up the phone, dialed the number Angelica rattled off and placed the call to notify her parents of her need to go home.
She sank down into one of the chairs lining the wall to wait, praying that it had been her father the secretary had spoken to and not Camilla.
When her father’s assistant came walking into the office about twenty minutes later, Angelica let out a small sigh of relief. That meant Marcus had been the one the secretary had spoken to. He signed her out without a problem and they left the building without speaking a single word to each other.
He opened the car door for her and closed it behind her after she’d slid into the seat. She buckled her safety belt as he slid into the driver’s seat, buckled himself in and started the luxury sedan. Pulling away from the curb, the ride home was silent. She’d always liked her father’s assistant because he was a man of such few words, but when he spoke, his words were profound.
When they pulled up in front of the house, Angelica unbuckled and was about to exit the car when Jerome turned to face her and spoke to her for the first time.
“Do not let finding your mate do this to you young one. Destiny decides who we are meant to be with for a reason. The two of you will be perfect together, you’ll see. Give the bond a chance to grow between you and everything will work out as it is meant to.” He said, his silver grey eyes boring into hers with an intensity that made her shiver.
“How…” Angelica began to ask but he cut her off.
“I have known you your entire life. Besides, I have the ability to read people’s emotions.” He said with a shrug, as if that detail was trivial. “Think about what I’ve said. Have a good day Miss Angelica.”
When he turned back around to face the windshield, she knew he wouldn’t say anything else to her on the subject. She slid from the car and headed into the house as he pulled away to park the vehicle in their massive garage, where it belonged.
As she entered the mansion, Marcus came striding toward her from the direction of his study with concern etched all over his face.
“Are you alright my dear?” He asked as he pulled her into a tight hug.
“I’ll be okay. I just need to rest. I didn’t sleep well last night and I think it got to me. I have a headache that’s making my stomach upset.” Angelica said as much of the truth as she dared. As much as she wanted to confide in her father everything that was going on in her life, she knew her mother could be nearby, listening as they spoke, since she never left the house.
“Go lie down and rest. I will have tea and a snack brought up to you in a while.” Marcus said, placing a soft kiss on the top of her head and pulling back from their hug.
“Thank you Dad.” Angelica said, not bothering to hide the exhaustion in her voice as she turned and headed up the stairs to her room. She closed the door, locked it and threw her backpack onto the floor next to her desk with a thud.
She then grabbed her favorite pair of pajamas and headed into the bathroom for a long hot shower to help her relax and, hopefully, ease the headache that she hadn’t lied to her father about.
Throughout the entire shower, she tried to wrap her mind around the fact that Thomas was her mate. It felt so wrong and so right all at the same time, which confused her even more.
“What am I going to do?” She groaned to herself, standing under the hot spray of water. “How can this possibly be right?”
No answer came to her so she shut off the water, toweled dry, dressed in the pajamas she’d pulled out and climbed into bed, praying she’d be able to get at least a little bit of sleep to help her figure all of this madness out.

Chapter Five
The following morning, after thinking about what had happened the rest of the day before all night, he decided it was past time for him to talk to Angelica. Somehow, they had to figure out this madness between them, and he knew that he could not do it alone.
He waited, with impatience, a few feet from where her friend Tracy sat in her usual spot. She glanced over at him with a confused look on her face every thirty seconds or so because he was standing so close, obviously waiting, instead of hanging out with his friends like he did on a normal morning.
When the bus pulled up, he watched all of the other kids get off and stepped forward as he saw Amy get off of the bus right in front of Angelica. He saw her eyes widen in surprise as he walked right up to her.
“Hey, any chance we can talk?” He asked her before his nerves could get the better of him and make him walk away without saying a word to her.
“We can’t do this. You know that.” Angelica said, fear in her voice and her eyes trying to look everywhere at once, for anyone who might be watching them.
“I don’t think we have much of a choice at this point. Please, can we just talk for a few minutes?” Thomas asked her again.
“What do you want to talk about?” Angelica asked, thankful that Amy stayed close and Tracy had moved over to where they were standing.
“I’d rather talk to you alone if that’s alright with you.” He told her with a quick glance at her friends. He had nothing against them, but he knew they were human and couldn’t know anything about Angelica’s and his race or what it meant to find their mate.
“Do you know what my mother would do to me if she even found out we’d talked at all, let alone if I talked to you alone?” Angelica asked with a very real fear in her eyes. He knew Camilla could be a very cruel woman but it was obviously much worse than he’d ever imagined if her daughter was this afraid of her.
“Angelica, we’re going to have to talk about this at some point. This isn’t something we can avoid.” Thomas said, gazing into her eyes with an understanding look.
Angelica looked at the confusion on the faces of her two closest friends in the world and decided that since Thomas was not going to drop this, it was less risky to have a private conversation with him than to have Amy and Tracy find out about their race through their discussion of being mates.
She nodded her head in agreement and he placed his hand on her sleeve-covered elbow to steer her away from her friends, to somewhere much more private. As she walked away with him, she smiled a reassuring smile at her friends, who smiled brilliant smiles in return before turning and whispering excitedly back and forth between each other.
Knowing there would be nowhere private enough for them to talk outside, Thomas led her into the building and found a quiet nook for them to slide into. Once they were settled, they stared at each other for a few moments before Thomas cleared his throat.
“Do you remember when we first met when we were little kids?” Thomas asked her, his eyes meeting hers.
“Yeah.” Angelica said with a small smile. “You made me so mad stomping on all of those pretty flowers.”
“Oh, yes. I remember you telling me off about that.” Thomas said with a laugh.
Angelica laughed with him. “At least you looked sorry for doing it by the time I was done.”
“How could I not? You were yelling and screaming at me that I was a murderer.” Thomas said and laughed a little harder.
“You were murdering those poor flowers that did nothing to you but look pretty.” Angelica said and pretended to look offended.
“I fell for you way back then. I didn’t know how it would work, but I knew there wouldn’t be any other girl for me.” Thomas said, his laughter dying down and an almost scared look replacing his previous amusement.
“How is it even possible for us to be mates? We’re both Lunarians.” Angelica asked him, trying not to acknowledge that she’d felt the same way in that clearing all those years ago.
“It happens from time to time, where two people of the same power-base are mated to each other. It’s fairly rare and they can’t have children together, but it has happened before.” Thomas said with an added sadness at the part about not having children. As she looked at him, it occurred to her that he’d make a great father someday, but it would never happen if the two of them were destined to be mates.
“Our parents will be furious.” Angelica worried diverting the conversation away from having children.
“They will just have to get over it. It’s not like we had any part in this decision. Fate, destiny or whatever you want to call it, decided it for us. The worst thing we could do is try to fight it.” Thomas told her and reached out for her hand. “To be honest, I don’t want to fight it.”
“I don’t either but my mother…” Angelica admitted, but let her voice trail off, pulling her hand back before he could grasp it in his own.
“How about we take this one day at a time? We can meet here at school and talk, have lunch together and stuff like that. Just take the time to get to know each other before we try to figure out how to tell our parents about this.” Thomas suggested, which sounded an awful lot like what Jerome had said to her the day before outside of her family’s mansion. Rolling Jerome’s words around in her head, she nodded her agreement with a bit of apprehension.
“Yeah, that would probably be the best thing to do. We just have to be very careful because if it gets back to my mother then I’m in deep trouble. She’s forbidden me from even looking in your direction, let alone talking to you like we’re doing now.” Angelica said, worry lining her face at the thought of Camilla finding out she was sneaking around behind her back and breaking her rules.
“We’ll be very careful. I promise.” Thomas told her, reaching out and making sure he took her hand in his own, before she could pull it back again. That electricity between them leapt to life and coursed through them both. For the first time, in a very long time, both of them felt truly alive. Knowing that they’d reached an agreement, they smiled a secret smile at each other just as the bell rang out signaling school was about to start, with or without them.

Chapter Six
Angelica was a mix of fear and giddiness all morning. Before heading off to their separate homerooms, they’d agreed to meet for lunch. It was hard for her to concentrate on any of her classes, as her thoughts kept wandering back to the insane events that had occurred over the past few days.
When lunchtime rolled around, Thomas met her at the door to her class and walked her to her locker, before they proceeded to the cafeteria. They waited together in the long lunch line and then walked past her normal table, where Amy and Tracy were already seated, staring at the pair with jaws dropped in amazement. Angelica smiled at her friends and waved before walking away with Thomas to a quiet, secluded corner.
They talked all through the lunch period before he walked her back to her locker and to her next class. Angelica could not be happier than she was at that time. At first, she worried about what would happen when her mother found out about their relationship, but the longer they were together the less it seemed to matter to her.
When she went home that evening, instead of getting her homework done, she found herself drawing hearts through her notebook, while daydreaming about the time she’d spent with Thomas. When dinner time rolled around and her homework wasn’t finished, she freaked out.
There was the usual knock on the door and she called out to let the maid know she’d be late coming down. Instead of the normal response, her door cracked open.
She swore to herself about forgetting to lock the door and slammed her notebook shut in case it was her mother entering her room. Looking up, she breathed a sigh of relief when her father entered.
“Everything alright my dear?” Marcus asked her with a worried look on his face.
“Yeah, I just haven’t gotten all of my homework done yet so I’ll be late to dinner.” Angelica said, looking down at the floor because she didn’t want to see the disappointed look on her father’s face.
“Why haven’t you gotten it done yet?” He asked her as he walked over to where she was seated at her desk.
“I’m having trouble focusing.” Angelica answered with as much honesty as she could manage. She knew her father probably wouldn’t care about Thomas being her mate, but she was still unwilling to tell him what was going on because if she told him, Camilla would find out well before she was ready to handle the backlash.
“Is there anything I can help you with?” Marcus asked her, placing his hand on her shoulder.
“Not really. I just need to pull myself together and get it done.” Angelica said as her stomach rumbled.
“Why don’t you join us for dinner and then finish your homework. It seems that your stomach might be a part of the problem in the focusing department.” Marcus said with a twinkle in his eye.
“Yeah, all of that noise is very distracting.” She said with a grin and an answering rumble from her stomach again.
“I trust you to get the work finished after dinner.” Marcus said, reaching for his daughter’s hand and helping her to her feet.
“Of course I will Dad.” Angelica reassured him and then gave him a kiss on the cheek. Marcus smiled down at his youngest daughter with pride on his face that warmed her heart.
“Are you sure there isn’t anything else that you’d like to tell me?” Marcus asked with a knowing grin on his face.
“I don’t know what you mean.” Angelica stalled. It seemed like her father already knew her secret and was trying to get her to tell him about it. Wondering how he could possibly know, she then remembered Jerome’s admission the day before about being able to read people’s emotions.
“Angelica, I am not your mother. You can tell me what’s going on with you.” Marcus said. Angelica got the impression that her not confiding in him was hurting his feelings, which was something she never wanted to do.
“What did Jerome tell you?” Angelica asked, sitting back down in her desk chair and looking up at her father.
“Not much. He just told me there’s something going on with you and that I should talk to you about it. Jerome takes his gift very seriously, and since he reads people’s emotions without their permission, he won’t betray what he learns out of respect for their privacy. He can’t control his gift, even after years of trying to do so. You don’t have to worry that he told me something you didn’t want me to know.” Marcus told her with a grim resignation that she would not confide in him now.
“Dad, it’s not that I don’t want to tell you…” Angelica started but let her voice trail off when she saw the sadness in his eyes.
“Let’s go to dinner. We don’t have to talk about this now.” Marcus said and helped her stand again, before tucking her hand securely in the crook of his elbow and leading her toward the door to her room. Before they could reach it, Angelica stopped and pulled her father to a stop. Looking up at him she decided to at least confide part of her secret to him.
“I found my mate yesterday, it’s just not who I ever imagined it would be and if mother finds out who he is, she’ll kill me.” Angelica said with true fear in her voice.
“She won’t kill you my dear. I promise you that.” Marcus said, happiness and concern mixed into his voice.
“You’re wrong Dad. She’ll never forgive me for this one.” Angelica said with a sadness in her voice that made her father frown.
“Will you tell me who it is?” Marcus asked her with caution.
Angelica shook her head. “I can’t. Not yet anyway. We’re still getting to know each other and figuring things out.”
“Ok, I trust you. I know you will tell me when you are ready. Just know that no matter who he is or where he comes from, you are my little girl and I love you with all of my heart. We don’t choose who our mate is but there is a reason for that person being chosen for us. The mating bond is sacred and important. No matter who he is, do not deny him as your mate. He will make you stronger in ways you don’t understand yet and you will do the same for him.” Marcus told her with a reassuring smile on his face. She smiled brilliantly up at him for his words of love and advice, before they proceeded through the door and down to their usual dinner routine with Camilla.
*****
Thomas had a hard time containing his pure joy over having Angelica as his mate. He wanted nothing more than to shout it to the world with all the love in his soul he felt for her, but knew that would be a huge mistake. There were too many opposing forces that were out to keep them apart.
For now, he’d have to be content with their shared lunches at school and walking her to her classes. The entire time they were apart was pure agony for him.
He met her at the bus each morning and spent their time together chatting with her friends and Alex, who’d decided to join their newly merged group, before walking her to her homeroom. After each period, he hurried to her classroom so he could walk her to her next class, before heading off to his own. Lunchtime they spent together, alone at the quiet table in the far corner of the cafeteria. Some days they went for walks on the school grounds for something different.
Weeks went by with this new routine for them. They became more and more comfortable with each other and found themselves smiling at just the thought of seeing each other. They’d graduated to holding hands as they walked and Thomas insisted on carrying Angelica’s backpack for her too, which she’d roll her eyes at first before giving up and handing over the bag.
When the holiday break rolled around, both Thomas and Angelica were afraid of being apart for the three weeks that break lasted. They were delighted when Tracy, Amy and Alex put their heads together and came up with a plan for them to spend time together each day. The three of them would provide alibis and cover so their parents wouldn’t know what they were up to.
The break passed by in the blink of an eye thanks to their friends’ help. Those weeks turned into months and before they knew it, prom was coming.

Chapter Seven
Prom was just a few weeks away and Thomas had already asked Angelica to be his date. Both Tracy and Amy were gathered in Amy’s bedroom with Angelica while she freaked out about how they were going to pull this off.
“My parents don’t know about Thomas, and they’d kill me if they knew. I doubt he’s told his parents either, because he’s still alive. How are we going to do this?” Angelica asked both of her friends in a frantic voice.
“Angie, chill out.” Tracy said in a calm voice. “I have an idea.”
“What is it?” Angelica whirled around on her friend and asked.
“What if you tell your parents that the three of us are going as a group? You could meet Thomas at the prom.” She suggested and Angelica tipped her head to think about it.
“Yeah, that would work. Tracy and I could pick you up in Trace’s car a few hours before prom and we could get ready here at my house. It would be perfect.” Amy chimed in, clear enthusiasm for the plan.
“I hate lying to my dad though.” Angelica said, worry in her voice.
“I know Angie but what are you gonna do? It’s not like you’re going to go to prom with some other guy and ditch him there. At least with us, you don’t have to worry. We think you and Thomas are great together.” Tracy said with a sigh. Angelica knew her friends were jealous of her relationship with Thomas, but happy for the couple at the same time.
“Yeah, he’s such a great guy. He’d do anything you asked him to do. He’d even try to capture the moon and stars if that’s what you wanted him to do. I wish a guy would look at me the way he looks at you.” Amy said, becoming all dreamy eyed when she talked about how attentive Thomas was toward Angelica.
“Go get your own guys you two, Thomas is mine.” Angelica said with a laugh, as she picked up two pillows from Amy’s bed and swatted her friends with them.
Tracy laughed as she grabbed the pillow and tried to yank it free of Angelica’s hold. As they played tug-of-war with the pillow, Amy grabbed another one and snuck up behind Angelica. She swung the pillow and got her good, which made her release her hold on the pillow she was fighting Tracy for and spin around to swing the other pillow at her friend. In a matter of seconds, they had a full-on pillow fight going with screeches and laughter filling the room, while they beat the crap out of each other with their pillows.
The fight lasted for a few minutes until all three girls fell onto Amy’s bed in a fit of giggles.
“That was fun.” Tracy said, trying to catch her breath.
“Thanks you two. You guys are the best.” Angelica said with a huge smile.
“Well, we aim to please.” Amy said with another loud laugh, which sent all three of them into another fit of giggles.
It took a while, but eventually they calmed down and stopped laughing. They laid there on Amy’s bed for a while, not saying a word.
Tracy finally broke the comfortable silence between them to ask, “So I’m going to assume we have a plan to get you to the prom then?”
Angelica didn’t answer at first and thought through Tracy’s suggestion and how it would work. The hardest part would be to lie to her father. She knew Jerome would see right through it and she didn’t trust him not to clue her father in on what they were up to.
“I’ll let you know. I need to think about it some more before I decide.” Angelica replied. She was doing her very best to find her way around Jerome and make this work, but since the man lived in their household with them, unless he took a weekend off and left for a few days, she couldn’t see how it would work.
“Well, think fast. We’ve got plans to make.” Amy said as she bounced up from the bed and went over to her desk and picked up a fashion catalog with formal dresses all through it.
Tracy rolled her eyes at their friend and Angelica laughed again. Her two best friends were amazing and she felt lucky to have them in her life.
A few minutes later, she glanced at her watch and jumped up from Amy’s bed. “I’ve gotta go!”
“I’ll call you later.” Amy called out as Angelica flew out of her room. Camilla was strict when it came to curfews and if she wanted to keep what little social life that she had, she had to follow them perfectly.
“Okay.” Angelica called out over her shoulder as she reached the top of the stairs and hurried down them. She rushed out of the house and ran as fast as she could all of the way home, which was a couple of miles away. Out of breath, sweating and her stomach cramping, she climbed the stairs to the mansion’s front porch, hanging from the railing.
She dragged herself through the front door right as her curfew time hit and Camilla walked into the entry hall.
“Cutting it a bit close aren’t you?” Camilla said with a smirk.
“I’m sorry, we were doing homework and I lost track of time.” Angelica said, still out of breath from running so far at such a fast pace, when she wasn’t used to it.
“You’re lucky you made it on time. Now get ready for dinner. Anna and Patrick will be joining us.” Camilla snapped, then turned and left the room without another word.
Angelica stumbled over to the stairs and sank down to sit on the bottom step and rest for a moment before heading up to get herself ready for dinner. She was exhausted, but excited to see her sister again. It had been months since her and Patrick had joined them for dinner and their mother never let her go visit Anna in her new home, although she didn’t know why.
She sat there for a few minutes before pushing herself to her feet and climbing the stairs slowly. Her muscles were already starting to ache from the exertion of running to make it home on time.
Entering her room, she closed and locked the door behind her. She crossed the room, picked out clothes to wear for dinner and headed for the shower. As sweaty as she was from her run, her mother would die if she even thought of coming to the table in that condition.
Quickly she showered and dressed. She brushed out her hair and applied a light coating of makeup. She was just finishing when there was a light knock on her bedroom door. She put her lip gloss back into her makeup bag and walked over to unlock and open the door to find her father standing on the other side, instead of the maid.
“You look beautiful Sweet Pea.” Marcus said with a proud smile.
“Thanks Dad.” She said with a wide smile.
“Would you like to walk down to dinner with me?” He asked and extended his arm out for Angelica.
“I’d love to.” She said, placing her hand in the crook of his elbow and moving through the door, pulling it shut behind her.
Together, they headed down to the dining room, where Camilla was already seated with her sister and her sister’s mate, Patrick. From the tone of the conversation, Angelica could tell that nothing had changed and Anna was still their mother’s favorite child, which hurt more than she’d ever admit to anyone.
“Good evening.” Marcus said as they entered. He ushered Angelica over to her normal seat and helped her into it as a gentleman would. She gave him a grateful smile as he headed over to his own seat at the head of the table and took his rightful place.
Dinner commenced and Angelica watched the interaction between Anna and Patrick with a keen interest. She was mentally comparing their mating to hers and Thomas’ mating, even though they were not fully mated just yet.
She wondered about the apparent disinterest between her sister and Patrick. They rarely looked at each other, only spoke to each other when required and almost never touched each other. Their behavior was the exact opposite of how she and Thomas interacted with each other.
She also noticed that her sister seemed different, but couldn’t put her finger on exactly what had changed. She still looked and dressed the same. It was something about her attitude and demeanor. It was a huge puzzle for her as she ate and tried to figure it all out in her mind. The bright side was, with Anna and Patrick in attendance, Camilla left Angelica alone about finding her mate.
It was a nice reprieve so she enjoyed the meal for as long as it lasted. Her father kept up small talk with her and she played along as much as could, as she observed her sister and brother-in-law. Maybe she could catch her father alone and ask him about it.
Once the meal was finished, Camilla dismissed her to her room. As much as she wanted to argue, she went without saying a word. She’d missed her sister and hoped Anna would come up to visit with her, for at least a few minutes, before heading back to her own home.

Chapter Eight
Angelica was disappointed when Anna left with Patrick without even a goodbye to her. Maybe her mother was poisoning Anna against her or Anna was trying to keep their mother happy by ignoring the lesser sister, from their mother’s perspective. She vowed to herself that she’d do her best to find out Anna’s phone number and give her a call to find out what was going on.
Pulling out her journal, she updated it with the events of the past few weeks, since she’d neglected to write in it as religiously as she normally did. It took her over an hour of writing to put everything important to her inside before ending with her confusion over the odd behavior between Anna and Patrick.
Closing her journal, she put it back in its hiding place and rolled onto her back to stare at the ceiling as she thought about what the reason for the disconnect between her sister and her mate could be.
She wondered if maybe they had been arguing before they’d come over. That might explain their odd behavior. Since she and Thomas hadn’t had any form of argument or fight yet, she had no experience to base a comparison on.
Deciding to go with her idea of finding out Anna’s phone number and calling her sister, she shifted her train of thought to Thomas and how they were going to pull off going to prom together. She thought over Tracy’s idea again and again, trying to iron out the details and come to terms with lying to her father.
She needed to discuss this problem with Thomas and see what he had to say on the matter. She knew he wouldn’t want her to do anything she felt uncomfortable with and lying to her father definitely fell into the category of uncomfortable.
Feeling like she had none of the answers to any of her questions or problems, she rolled out of bed and headed off to shower and get ready for bed.
*****
While Angelica was struggling to understand her sister’s mating and how odd it was and how they were going to go to prom together, Thomas was pacing around his room again. He’d already asked Angelica to go to prom with him, and had been thrilled when she’d said yes, even though they didn’t know how they were going to pull it off with their parents’ feud. What had him pacing his room again wasn’t how they were going to get to the prom together, but how to ask her to be his mate.
He wanted the moment to be perfect when he asked her. Maybe during prom, or taking her for a nice moonlit walk in a garden, would be when he asked her. All he knew was that it had to be special for her, just like she was to him.
He wanted to call Alex to ask him for advice but Alex’s parents were having a dinner party that evening for visiting family members and Alex had been required to attend. Short of crashing the party, Thomas was on his own to figure this out, which left him wearing holes in the carpet of his bedroom floor.
He stopped when there was a knock on his bedroom door. He walked over to answer it and found his mother standing on the other side.
“Can we talk?” She asked in a quiet voice.
“Yeah, sure Mom.” He said and moved aside so she could enter. Once she was inside, he closed the door with a soft click. He motioned for her to take her choice of seat, in either his desk chair or on the edge of his bed. She chose the edge of his bed, so he sat down in the chair to his desk, facing her.
“I know there’s something you haven’t been telling us for a few months now. I just wanted you to know that your father and I love you very much, and you can talk to us about anything.” Marie said, a bit of hurt in her tone because he hadn’t come to them before she’d come to him.
“I wish I could Mom, but right now, I can’t. I will when the time is right.” Thomas said with sadness in his voice because his secret was hurting his mother.
“Maybe I could help you with whatever it is?” She asked, her voice filled with hope.
“I promise Mom, I’m not in any trouble. There are just a few things I need to figure out for myself, about my future. When it’s the right time, I will share everything with you and Dad, but it’s not the right time just yet. I hope you can understand that.” Thomas told her, wishing he could just tell her everything right then and there.
“You know we’re here for you whenever you need us.” Marie said with resignation that her son would not confide in her about what was going on in his life.
“Mom, I’m not trying to hurt your feelings by not talking to you about this. It’s just something I have to work out for myself. I love you and Dad both very much. Please, just give me time.” Thomas said, moving from the chair over to the edge of the bed next to his mother and placing his arms tightly around her shoulders.
“I just worry about you. You will always be my baby boy, no matter how old you get.” Marie said in a shaky voice that sounded, to Thomas, as if she was about to cry.
“I know you do. Everything will be just fine, I promise.” Thomas said as he held her in a tight hug and mentally kicked himself for his mother being upset. She was such a great mom and he was so thankful she was his.
“Okay, I will leave you alone about this for now. If you need help with anything, please let us know. We will always be there for you.” Marie said as she lifted her head and pulled back from their hug. She reached up and placed her hand on his cheek before standing and walking out of the room, without another word.
Groaning, Thomas flopped back onto the bed and stared at the ceiling, his heart torn. He wanted to share his joyous news with his parents, but knew that if he did it now, before Angelica was ready to tell her own parents, things would blow up for them. This had to be handled with a delicate hand if they were to stand a chance of having a future together.

Chapter Nine
The next day, Angelica couldn’t wait to talk to Thomas so they could figure out how they were going to handle going to prom together. She had no idea that Thomas was worried about how to ask her to be his mate.
When he met her and Amy at the bus with Tracy, Angelica was thrilled to see him. Every time she saw him, he made her toes curl and heart flutter. She wanted to run to him, throw her arms around him and hold him close, but she held back. So far, they’d only held hands walking between classes. He was the perfect gentleman and highly respectful of her, almost too respectful in her opinion.
When they were all seated on their usual wall in front of the school, and Alex had joined them like he usually did, the discussion about prom began.
“I don’t want to lie to my dad, but I don’t see any other way.” Angelica said, her voice sad but resigned.
“Maybe it’s time the two of you told your parents what’s going on.” Alex said to them, knowing they weren’t allowed to associate with each other.
“I’d never be allowed to go to prom if my parents knew that I was going with Thomas.” Angelica argued. She wondered if her dad would be as angry and upset as she knew her mother would be.
“They’re going to find out at some point. The two of you are pretty serious.” Tracy told them.
“I’d rather not rush it though.” Angelica said, thinking about her mother’s reaction at the news that her daughter was destined to be mated to her enemy’s son.
“It’s probably better to just rip the band aid off quickly than to drag it out Angie.” Tracy told her. She knew her friend only had her best interests at heart but she didn’t know the whole story.
“The right time will present itself.” Thomas said, taking Angelica’s hand in his own and giving her a reassuring smile.
“Well, if neither one of you are ready, or willing, to tell your parents about your relationship, then Tracy’s idea is the best one I’ve heard. Angelica will tell her parents that she’s going to prom with the girls and Thomas will go with the guys. The two of you will just have to meet up at the dance.” Alex said as if was decided.
“We’ll figure it out.” Thomas told Angelica in a soft voice.
She smiled at him and the conversation moved on for a few minutes more before the bell signaling the beginning of school rang out and their day began.
*****
When school let out that day, Angelica headed out of the building with Thomas and Amy as usual, heading toward the bus. She was shocked when she saw Jerome standing by the sedan he’d picked her up in the day she’d found out Thomas was her mate. Her eyes widened and her stomach sank like a ton of bricks.
Saying a quick good bye to Amy and Thomas, she rushed over to where Jerome was waiting for her.
“Is everything okay?” Angelica asked him in a rush, worried that something had happened to someone in the family, or some other major emergency.
“Everything is fine, please get in.” Jerome responded and opened the door to the passenger seat for her.
Giving him a quizzical look, she got in the vehicle, and he closed the door for her. She buckled up as the tension within her built. Other than when she’d had to go home sick, Jerome had never picked her up from school. It was against her mother’s rules.
Jerome got into the driver’s side, closed the door and buckled his own safety belt before starting the car and pulling away from the curb. He didn’t say a word, which put Angelica even more on edge.
When they stopped for a red light, Angelica’s nerves had finally gotten the best of her.
“Will you please tell me what is going on?” She asked him, her voice almost panicked.
“I am sorry I’ve worried you. I just wanted to talk to you.” Jerome said in a soothing voice, which only served to put her even more on edge.
“About what?” She asked, her voice shaking.
“You have a lot of inner turmoil going on. I wanted to see if there was anything I could do to help. You are not in trouble for anything and your parents have no idea this conversation is even happening.” He told her with a quick glance in her direction.
“I don’t understand.” Angelica said with a shake of her head.
“I know more about what is going on than you think. I figured you could use someone to talk to, and maybe offer some advice, to help you get through this predicament you’re in. I was once in your shoes. My mate was the daughter of an enemy of my parents. It was a difficult road to travel. You are conflicted because you wish to honor your parents, but at the same time, you also wish to honor yourself and your heart.” Jerome said and Angelica’s eyes nearly popped out of her head in shock. Here was a man that almost never spoke, and he was offering to help guide her through the worst position of her life.
“Where is your mate?” Angelica asked hesitantly.
“She passed away several years ago. I miss her every day. It is a fight not to fall into the insanity they tell you about when you are separated from your mate. I do not recommend it at all.” He confided in her with a tear making its way down his cheek. He didn’t bother to wipe it away.
“I am so very sorry for your loss.” Angelica told him from the bottom of her heart and laid a comforting hand on his arm for just a moment before pulling it back and laying it in her lap.
“I do not want to see the same thing happen for you.” He told her with the understanding only someone who’d been through what she was currently going through could.
“I have no idea what to do. My mother will kill me for this. I doubt my father would be as upset, but she will be furious.” Angelica told him, letting all the fear that had been building inside of her flood her voice.
“You’re right, your father only wishes to see you happy. He won’t be upset at all over this. Your mother, however, is a different story. You are going to have to find a way to let your father handle her for you. As her mate, he will be the only one who will be able to.” Jerome advised.
“I don’t know. I don’t want them to fight, especially not because of me.” Angelica worried.
“Believe me, telling your father, and letting him help you handle your mother, is your best course of action. Of course, it is up to you as to how you proceed.” Jerome said as he drove around in circles so they could talk. The drive from the school to the mansion was only a few minutes. She just hoped that by dragging it out, they weren’t asking for trouble from her mother.
“I don’t want to lie to him.” Angelica told him what had been bothering her most.
“Then don’t. He will listen, and he will help you.” Jerome told her with confidence.
“How do you know? Did he tell you to talk to me?” Angelica asked, suddenly suspicious.
“No, he didn’t tell me to talk to you but I can see that he has been worried about you, as have I. Your father has no idea I know what is going on with you, as much as he wishes he knew.” He told her and she could hear the honesty in his voice.
“How did you know that day you picked me up? I know you said you could sense people’s emotions, but is that it?” Angelica asked him, curious.
“I did sense your emotional grid. I know you’ve had a crush on that boy for years, even though you’ve hidden it very well. There was a joy inside of you, I’m not sure even you recognized, after you discovered the two of you were destined to be mated. There was also the terror that was making you feel sick, which told me everything I needed to know.” Jerome told her with ease. Angelica nodded her head in response.
“Thank you for everything Jerome. You have given me a lot to consider.” Angelica said with true gratitude filling her.
“You’re very welcome.” Jerome said. “I am always here if you need me.”
Angelica smiled at him in response until a thought occurred to her.
“Do you mind if I ask you something?” She asked hesitantly.
“It depends on what it is.” Jerome responded, wearily.
“Anna and Patrick, is everything alright between them?” Angelica asked, thinking of when they were over for dinner.
“That is not for me to say. All I will say is that not all is what it seems to be.” Jerome said as he pulled up to the front of the house. Without him saying so, she knew the conversation between them was over and got out of the car with a brief good bye and headed inside.

Chapter Ten
After sitting in her room for a while, Angelica finally decided to take Jerome’s advice and talk to her father about what was going on in her life. She knew Marcus loved her with all of his heart and only wished to see her happy in the end. Maybe, just maybe, he could help her through all of this.
She made her way down to her father’s study and knocked on the door. When he opened it, the butterflies in her stomach tried to make an escape through her throat, so she couldn’t speak at first when he opened the door.
“This is a nice surprise, what can I do for you my beautiful daughter?” Marcus asked her when he saw it was her. He moved aside and motioned for her to enter, but she shook her head.
After a few tries, she finally managed to get her nerves to calm down enough to speak.
“Dad, do you think we could go for a walk and talk about something?” She asked him before she could think twice and run back to her room. One thing she knew, without a doubt, was that she couldn’t talk to her father anywhere inside the house. Camilla could be anywhere listening to their conversation.
“A walk? It’s been forever since we’ve gone for a walk together and talked. Is everything okay my dear?” Marcus asked as he moved out of his study and closed the door behind him. He looked at Angelica with sincere concern on his face.
“Yes, I’ve missed our walks Dad.” Angelica said from the heart. In that moment, she realized she really did miss the walks they used to take and talk about nothing really, or the most important things going on in her life, depending on the day. She couldn’t remember when they’d stopped taking those walks, but she was going to have to try to make sure they took more of them again.
“I have too my dear. I’d love to take a walk with you.” Marcus said, extending his arm for her and she took it with a large smile on her face.
They left the mansion arm in arm and talked about nothing in particular as they walked until they reached their favorite garden to sit and talk in. Letting go of her father’s arm, she moved over to what she’d always thought of as their bench and sat down, looking around at all of the beautiful flowers they were surrounded by as she waited for Marcus to come and sit down next to her. She knew he would, and she wasn’t surprised when he sat down less than a minute later.
“Okay my darling daughter, what is going on with you that is so secretive, we had to come all the way out here to talk?” Marcus asked her as she raised her eyes to meet his.
“Daddy, I am so confused. Something’s happened that I know will make Mother furious at me, even though I have no choice in the matter. I’m not even sure how you’re going to react when I tell you.” Angelica said, fear making her eyes tear up. The last thing she wanted was for her father to end up hating her, like her mother was sure to, because of this.
“Have no doubt there is nothing in this world that could make me hate you. You are my beautiful daughter and I love you with all of my heart and soul. I will cherish you until the day I die. Please don’t ever be afraid to tell me anything.” He told her with such love and adoration in his eyes some of Angelica’s fears evaporated.
“I know you, mother and the Daniels’ family have had this feud going on for quite a while and nobody will tell me what it’s about.” Angelica started, but Marcus held up his hand and stopped her.
“If you’re asking what it’s about, I will not tell you. You are too young to be concerned about such things.” Marcus told her in a no nonsense voice.
“No Daddy, that’s not what I was getting at but it would be useful information to have in dealing with what’s going on.” Angelica said in response.
“Is their son harassing you? Is that what your dilemma is?” Marcus asked, his eyes blazing with anger. He seemed to have forgotten Angelica telling him she’d found her mate, but wouldn’t give him details about who he was.
“No, he’s not harassing me. He’s my mate.” Angelica said in a rush before her father could interrupt her again. The stunned look on her father’s face made her wish she hadn’t said anything to him at all.
“I’m sorry, Daddy, I shouldn’t have said anything…” Angelica started but was cut off when Marcus pulled her into a tight hug.
“Everything will work out my dear. I understand why you don’t want your mother to know this. She will have to find out eventually, but I don’t think now is the time. How long have you known?” Marcus asked her.
“Do you remember the day a few months ago when you had to send Jerome to pick me up from school because I was sick?” Angelica asked him.
“You were sick because you found out he was your mate? Why on Earth would that make you sick? Finding your mate is supposed to be a wonderful and happy experience.” Marcus asked her with wide eyes.
“Because of who he is. Mother has forbidden me from even looking in his direction, let alone talking to him or being his mate. Whatever this feud is about, I’m terrified about what the consequences will be for Thomas and I.” Angelica admitted to her father. She had to admit she’d missed being able to confide in him and it felt good to have someone who loved her to talk to now about her problems.
“You don’t worry about your mother, let me worry about her. What I am wondering is why you’re telling me this now? You’ve kept it a secret from me for this long, what made you change your mind?” Marcus asked his daughter in a gentle voice.
“Jerome picked me up from school today and gave me a ride home. He offered me some advice I thought over and decided might not be such bad advice. I guess he’s been sensing my distress because prom is coming up and Thomas and I would like to go together but I don’t want to lie to you Daddy.” Angelica admitted and hoped Jerome would not get into trouble for breaking the rules and giving her a ride home when he wasn’t supposed to.
“I am going to have to thank him for that. He knows how worried I’ve been about you. He’s a good man with a sad story. He’s also an invaluable friend.” Marcus said with a smile as he gave his daughter a hug.
“He’s not going to be in trouble for breaking the rules is he?” She asked in a worried tone.
“Not if your mother doesn’t find out.” He told her with a conspiratorial grin.
Angelica smiled and nodded her head in agreement. They sat there for quite a while talking. Marcus asked quite a few questions about Thomas and their relationship up to this point, as well as their plans for prom together. Angelica answered him happily, going into great detail. She could see how happy it made her father seeing her radiant joy whenever Thomas’ name was mentioned.
After an hour or so, Marcus finally asked Angelica if her homework was finished and she had to admit to him she hadn’t even started it, since her mind was so consumed over whether he would still accept her after she admitted to him who her mate was.
“You will never have to worry about me not accepting you. Who your mate is was not your choice. Everything will be okay. Go get your homework done so you can join us for dinner.” Marcus told her with a smile.
“Thank you Dad. I love you so much.” Angelica said and gave him a tight hug and kiss on the cheek before heading back to the mansion and her room. Marcus stayed behind to think about everything his daughter had just told him and how this would play out with Camilla. He knew his daughter was correct in thinking Camilla would reject her because of who her mate was. That worried him more than anything else, because when Camilla was angry, everyone paid the price.

Chapter Eleven
The next day at school, Angelica couldn’t tell Thomas about her conversation with her father soon enough. She was still apprehensive about what her mother’s reaction would be, but at least she knew her father still accepted her with Thomas as her mate.
Thomas was thrilled she’d confided in her father and hoped he’d receive the same acceptance from his parents when he finally told them about Angelica being his mate. They talked like normal every chance they got throughout the day. Her relief about not having to lie to her father about their going to prom together was making her light-hearted and almost giddy. He couldn’t help but smile at how happy she was all day long.
After watching her get onto the bus with Amy, Thomas began to wonder if it wasn’t time to talk to his parents about what was going on between himself and Angelica. All the way home he thought about it. The more he thought about it though, the more his instincts screamed for him not to tell them just yet. If they reacted negatively then they could go to her parents, which would alert Camilla as to what was going on and, in the end, would hurt Angelica more than it would him.
As he climbed the stairs to his bedroom, he decided to wait a bit longer to tell them. He couldn’t risk Angelica being hurt because he’d told his parents before they were both ready for the news to come out to her mother as well.
Reaching his room, he was surprised to find his mother already inside waiting for him.
“Uh, hey Mom.” Thomas said cautiously as he entered and set his backpack down by his desk.
“Will you please close the door?” Marie asked in a soft voice.
Thomas didn’t say anything as he went over and closed his bedroom door, then moved back to where his mother was seated on the corner of his bed, in the same place she’d sat the last time she’d come in and talked to him.
He sat down in the chair to his desk and waited for her to let him know why she was waiting for him in his room. A sick feeling in his gut told him it had to do with Angelica.
It took what felt like forever before she looked up and met his eyes with bloodshot ones of her own.
“I received an interesting phone call today.” She said, leaving Thomas to worry even more about what this conversation was about.
“From who?” Thomas asked, his voice held a note of the fear he was desperately fighting to hide from her.
“Marcus Williams.” Marie told him and watched for his reaction. He couldn’t hide the shock that made his eyes widen.
“Why would he be calling you?” Thomas asked carefully.
“About you and his daughter being mates.” She said in a blunt voice.
Thomas felt his throat close at his mother’s words. It didn’t matter if they were ready for the news to get out, it already was. His mouth opened and closed, with no words coming out, as he tried to figure out what he should tell his mother. The last thing he wanted to do was lie to her.
“Thomas, I understand. We cannot choose who our mates are, that is something out of our control. I just wish you had trusted me enough to confide in me so I didn’t have to hear it from Marcus.” Marie told him as a tear slipped down her cheek.
“Mom…” Thomas began but stopped, still not knowing what to say, but wishing he’d come up with something.
“What have I done to make you feel you can’t trust me? You used to tell me everything and now you’re keeping secrets like this from me. I don’t understand.” Marie sobbed to her son. Thomas felt horrible for making his mother this upset and moved from the desk chair over to the bed next to her and pulled her into his arms for a hug. She leaned into him and cried.
“I’m sorry Mom. I was just afraid the feud between you, Dad and her parents would keep us apart. I have been in love with Angelica since we were young children. We were just trying to figure out how to tell you without us being torn apart in the end. All we want to do is be together.” Thomas told his mother as he stroked her back while she cried on his shoulder. “It had nothing to do with trust. If there’s anyone I trust in the world with my secrets, it’s you.”
Marie looked up at his words with more hope in her eyes than he’d seen when he first walked into the room.
“There is nothing in this world that will make me think less of you. I’m not sure your father is ready to hear this news yet though.” Marie told him as she wiped away her tears.
“Mom, we were just being careful.” Thomas told her feeling ashamed that he’d ever doubted how much his mother loved him.
“I understand that and I understand why. You both still need to be careful for now, but Marcus and I will help you through this with as little friction as possible.” She told him as she stood to leave the room. He could tell she was still hurt by his lack of confidence in her, which made him feel even worse. He adored his mother.
“I have a question Mom.” Thomas said as a thought occurred to him and he pushed away the shame he was feeling at hurting his mother’s feelings.
“What is it my son?” She asked, squaring her shoulders, but not turning around. He could tell she knew what he was about to ask and was afraid of the question.
“Why did Marcus call you? I thought the two of you were as caught up in this feud as Dad and Camilla.” Thomas asked her and saw her tense up even more.
“There are a lot of things you don’t understand. I can’t explain any of this to you right now so please do not ask me to.” She said before heading to the door.
“Well, it’s funny you should say that when you just made me feel like crap because I didn’t tell you about me and Angelica.” Thomas said, sudden anger flaring up in him. To him it was hypocritical for her to make him feel guilty for doing the same thing she was now doing to him.
“You don’t understand.” Marie said in a soft voice.
“Then help me to understand.” Thomas replied, standing up and facing his mother’s back.
“No.” Was all she said before she opened the door, walked out and closed it with a soft click behind her. It took everything Thomas had in him to keep himself from going after his mother and trying to force her to explain what this stupid feud was all about and why it was so dangerous for him and Angelica to be together as mates.
Instead of chasing his mother, he ended up pacing his room once again. He was so frustrated after his mother’s visit he didn’t know what to do with himself. On one hand, he was relieved she now knew and that took a load off of his shoulders, but on the other hand, all of these secrets about this feud were driving him insane. He was caught in the middle of something he didn’t understand and so was his mate.
The talk with his mother made him feel like he’d beaten his head against a brick wall and all he had to show for it was a headache. He decided, as he moved over and sat down at his desk to begin his homework, it was time they found out what the feud between their parents was all about, once and for all. There was the chance his and Angelica’s mating might just be what it took to mend fences between the families and end it once and for all. At least, that’s what he was hoping for anyway.

Chapter Twelve
Not much happened over the next couple of weeks, other than Thomas and Angelica’s normal school routine and homework. Thomas had tried his best to find out what was going with the feud between his and Angelica’s parents, but ran up against brick wall after brick wall. He was running out of ideas for finding out the information he felt they needed.
At lunch, he finally told Angelica what he’d been doing.
“Hey, I have something to confess to you.” He began and Angelica turned a worried look in his direction. She’d been gazing out the window to the cafeteria at the birds that were flying high in the sky.
“Confess? What’s going on?” She asked him, her full attention now on him.
“I’ve been trying to figure out what the feud between our parents is all about after that talk with my mom a couple of weeks ago.” He admitted to her. Her eyes got wide as she stared at him.
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner? I could have helped.” She asked him, a little bit of hurt creeping into her voice.
“I didn’t want to put you in danger in case I stirred up something I shouldn’t have. Not to mention, I was hoping it would be something our mating would put an end to and surprise you with it, but no such luck. I haven’t been able to find out anything.” Thomas told her, frustration building inside of him.
Angelica placed her hand over his and offered him an understanding smile.
“It seems our parents have been very careful in hiding whatever it is they have against each other. I do have an idea on how to find out though, but it’s a long shot.” Angelica told him. She went on to tell him about her talk with Jerome and how she’d ended up confiding in her father about their relationship.
“So, you’re thinking your father’s assistant may know what’s going on and be able to shed some light on it for us?” Thomas asked her when she was done.
“I’m not sure he’ll tell me even if he knows though. He seems like a vault when it comes to people’s secrets. He could have told my father about us the day we discovered we were mates, but he didn’t. Like I said, it’s a long shot.” Angelica said, doubt in her voice.
“That’s true, but he seems to have a soft spot for you and wants to help you. Maybe that will work in our favor.” Thomas said, with renewed hope in his voice.
“You may be right, but I can’t just corner him to ask. I have to do this just right otherwise he’ll see it coming. He can read emotions, remember?” Angelica reminded him.
“Well, we’re going to have to figure it out. We need to know what is going on with them. I just want to be with you Angie. I don’t want to have to worry about our parents trying to keep us apart somehow. You have been my heart since that day in the field and I’m tired of hiding it. I want to shout it to the world.” Thomas told her and made her heart melt at the feeling behind his words.
“I feel the same way. It’s so hard pretending everything is normal every night at dinner when my mother is hounding me to find my mate. All I wanna do is shout at her ‘I’ve found him’, I’ve found you.” Angelica told him, her voice softening at the end.
“I wish I could tell my father too. He’s not as understanding as my mom is though. I’m also trying to figure out why your dad would call my mom to fill her in about us. I never even knew they’d ever talked to each other.” Thomas said, his mind spinning circles around the mystery all four of their parents presented them with.
“What is with all of the secrecy?” She said with frustration.
“I don’t know but it’s very irritating.” Thomas said, holding her hand.
Angelica agreed as they stood to dump their lunch trays and head to their separate classes. Of course Thomas wouldn’t hear about Angelica walking to her class alone, so he walked her there, as usual, which brought a smile to her face. Every moment they spent together made her heart bubble with joy.
The rest of the day passed uneventfully and as she made her way home, she tried to figure out a way to get Jerome alone so she could ask him what she wanted to know. Pacing her room, she glanced over at the calendar and noticed prom was only a week away and she still hadn’t gotten her dress yet. Everything clicked into place in her mind. Grabbing her purse, she ran out of her room and down to her father’s study.
She took a moment to catch her breath before raising her hand to knock on the door. Before she could make contact to knock, the door swung open and Jerome stood right in front of her. He moved to the side, but didn’t leave as she stepped inside.
“Hello my beautiful daughter. What brings you here to see me?” Marcus asked as he stood up from behind his desk and moved over to where she stood. He wrapped her up in a bear hug, which made her giggle, before pulling back and looking at her face.
“I just realized prom is in a week and I still don’t have a dress. Is there any way Jerome can take me shopping so I can get what I need?” She asked him in a sweet voice with puppy dog eyes. She knew her father would have a hard time denying her when she asked like that.
“Do you have anything you’re working on at the moment?” Marcus turned and asked Jerome with eyebrows raised.
“Not at all. I have no problem taking Angelica shopping for you sir.” Jerome said even though the look on his face said he’d rather have someone drive needles under his fingernails for fun.
“I’m sorry. I would ask Anna to take me but I have no idea how to get a hold of her. Mother won’t let me know where she lives or have her phone number for some reason.” Angelica said. She really did feel bad about making Jerome go through a shopping trip with her and saw an opportunity to possibly get information about her sister at the same time.
“I don’t know why your mother isn’t letting you talk to her. We’ll have to invite them over for dinner again soon so you can spend some time with her. I know how much you miss her, my dear.” Marcus said, placing a kiss on her head, but not taking the bait she’d laid out for him.
“That would be wonderful Dad. I miss her so much.” Angelica said, her mood perking up at the thought of getting to spend time with her older sister. They’d been so close before she’d met Patrick, mated and moved out.
“We’d better get going if you’re going to be back before dinner ma’am.” Jerome said, holding the door open for her.
“Before you go, is your homework finished?” Her father asked her. He was such a stickler about it.
“Yeah, there wasn’t much so I got it done at school.” Angelica told him and he nodded his head as he waved them on.
Before leaving the study, she asked him for some money to get what she needed. Pulling out his wallet, Marcus handed his daughter a wad of one hundred dollar bills, so thick her eyes nearly popped out of her head in shock.
“You get whatever dress your heart is set on, my dear. You’ll be the most beautiful girl in the room.” Marcus said with a huge smile.
“Maybe I should hold that for you?” Jerome suggested.
“Yes, that would probably be a good idea.” Angelica said, knowing the world was dangerous and, even though she had powers, using them against a human mugger wouldn’t be wise. Jerome would be better equipped to fight off any attackers and keep it safe. She handed the money over and he put it away without a word.
Together they walked off. Jerome made her wait in front of the house as he went to retrieve the car instead of just letting her walk to the garage with him like she’d tried to insist on. He pulled the car up, let it idle as he came around to open and close the door for her and climbed back in. They both buckled up without a word and were off to shop in the most exclusive stores around.

Chapter Thirteen
It was a shopping trip from heaven for Angelica, other than the fact she was really all alone. She didn’t have her friends there to help her pick out the perfect dress or even more important to her, Anna. Jerome, being a guy, wasn’t much help at all.
She looked through dress after dress, trying to find the one she felt was perfect for that special night. It was the junior prom because Thomas was a junior and she was only a sophomore at sixteen years old. She wanted to look perfect for him. He and Alex were getting the three girls in.
Trying on dress after dress, the store clerk gave Angelica her best opinion, but that didn’t mean much to her. Finally, she found the dress she knew, without a doubt, was the one that would make Thomas be unable to keep his eyes off of her.
It was a sleek silk dress in a champagne pink color that clung to every curve she had. It had a high neckline with a choker collar but left the shoulders, back and arms bare. The dress settled on the curve of her hips and flowed down over her legs, all the way down to the floor, with a short train. It had lace accents placed strategically in different places, to make it even more feminine and perfect for her.
Twisting and turning to get the full effect in the floor-length mirrors, she whirled around in a circle and could not stop smiling at how beautiful she looked in the dress.
“This is it.” She exclaimed, thrilled with her choice.
She went back into the dressing room and put her street clothes back on, careful to hang the dress back on its hangar so it wouldn’t be wrinkled, before carrying it out and over to the register.
Jerome quickly moved up to the counter and paid for the dress while the cashier bagged it in a garment bag, so it would not get dirty while being transported. Once they were finished in the dress shop, Jerome carried the garment bag as Angelica led them into a shoe store.
She tried on pair after pair of shoes, trying to find the ones that would match her dress to perfection. It took an hour to narrow her choices down to three pairs. Unable to decide, she asked Jerome for his opinion.
“I suggest you get all three pairs. Your father wouldn’t object if they make you happy.” He said to her. He wanted nothing more than to end this trip with a teenage girl. They’d been shopping for several hours now.
“Are you sure he won’t be upset if I do that?” Angelica asked him with worry in her voice.
“I am positive he only wishes to see you happy. Get all three pairs and let your friends help you decide.” He replied to her in an easy voice.
Nodding her head, she told the cashier to ring up all three pairs as she put her own shoes back on and Jerome went over to pay for her purchases.
Deciding she’d go on another shopping trip later for any accessories she may need for prom, she told Jerome they could head home. She could see the relief in his face when she told him she was ready to go.
He carried all of her purchases to the car and very carefully placed them inside so the dress wouldn’t be harmed during the trip, since it was very delicate.
Once they were buckled into the vehicle, Jerome looked over at her without starting the engine.
“I know there is something you wish to ask me. I wish you would just ask.” He told her in a quiet voice.
“I’m sorry. I don’t want to put you in an awkward position and I’ve been trying to figure out how to ask you this without doing just that. Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to come up with a way to do that.” Angelica said, her voice was full of nerves.
“You are a very compassionate young lady who thinks of others before herself, most of the time. Ask me what you need to ask me. I cannot guarantee I’ll know the answer, or be willing to give you the answer to your question, but if it’s reasonable, I will do my best.” He told her honestly.
“I am grateful for that. I know you’ve been with my father for many, many years and know what happened to cause the feud between my family and the Daniels’ family. I need to know what happened and if there’s anything Thomas and I can do to repair the rift between them?” Angelica pleaded with him. She was so tired of being in the dark about everything.
“Yes, I have been with your father for a very long time. I remember when you and Anna were each born.” Jerome began and Angelica held her breath as he spoke. “Both of you were such beautiful girls. My mate adored you both before she died. She was your nanny. I’ll bet you don’t remember her because you were so young when she left us.”
“No.” Angelica breathed in shock. Tears filled her eyes as he spoke and she didn’t have to be able to read others’ emotions to feel the pain in his heart as he spoke of his mate. She’d had no idea he and his mate had always been such a huge part of their lives.
“Yes, she loved you both as her own children. You see, both her and I were Solarians so we were unable to have children of our own. Being able to care for the two of you was such a blessing for us. At that time, we were only concerned about protecting the two of you from your mother.” He told her, his voice sad and full of pain.
“Why our mother?” Angelica asked, she knew her mother was a cold woman, but other than when she’d crossed her, she had never felt like she was in danger from her.
“Have you heard of the great prophecy and the story behind it?” Jerome asked her with a serious look in his eyes.
Angelica shook her head no because, in her memory, no one had ever spoken about it in her prescience.
He went on to explain about the prophecy in as much detail as he knew. There was no way she could have known by asking him about the feud between hers and Thomas’ families, she would learn so much, that had been kept from her, about the history of their race.
“So, being descended from the original Camilla, our mother only had use for the daughter that carried both Solarian and Lunarian powers?” Angelica asked once he was done explaining.
“Exactly. There is only one born per generation, until the time the prophecy has come, and then a set of twin girls will be born to a couple with a descendant in your family who has both sets of powers. Since neither you, nor Anna have shown you are like her, with both sets of powers, protecting you both became difficult and one day, my mate stepped in at the wrong time when Camilla was going after you. Your mother lost her temper and ended up killing my mate.” He told her while tears streaked down his cheeks as he remembered what happened to her.
“I had no idea!” Angelica exclaimed in shock. “How could you stay with our family if my mother killed her? I don’t understand how you could put yourself through that torture day after day.”
“It’s because someone had to protect you. There was a trial convened and your mother was sentenced to being imprisoned at the mansion because your family is so high level in the council. She has been serving her sentence there ever since. I also stay to ensure she doesn’t try to escape her punishment.” Jerome admitted.
“Isn’t it harder to keep yourself from going insane living with the woman who murdered your mate?” Angelica asked as carefully as she could.
“Yes, it is. Seeing you grow up healthy and safe makes it worth it. Plus, your father is a great man. It’s not his fault fate chose such a horrible woman for him to be mated to.” Jerome told her with great compassion in his voice, which earned even more respect from her than she’d ever thought possible.
“Thank you for everything.” Angelica breathed her gratitude from the bottom of her heart, as tears streamed down her cheeks. She’d forgotten her original question in the midst of Jerome sharing his story with her, but as he continued, it was apparent he hadn’t.
“At the trial, the Daniels family fought hard to have your mother punished much more severely. They wanted her either in a maximum security prison or put to death for what she had done. Everyone there knew about the prophecy and it was her line that would either tear apart or bring peace to our people. Knowing how cruel Camilla was, they wanted her out of the picture so she couldn’t influence either Anna or you, if either of you happen to give birth to the twins in the prophecy. Of course, the council voted otherwise. Since then, the families have been at war.” Jerome told her in a solemn voice.
“So it doesn’t matter if Thomas and I are mated? There’s nothing we can do to bring peace between our families?” Angelica asked with sorrow in her voice.
“No dear child. With your mother’s propensity to hold a grudge, there will be no peace between your families, as long as she’s alive.” He told her, understanding her predicament more than she would ever know.

Chapter Fourteen
Unable to face her mother that evening after everything Jerome had told her, Angelica stayed in her room, lying on her bed and thought about everything she had learned. She mourned the woman she couldn’t even remember, but who had died to protect her.
She was considering calling Thomas on their private phone lines just as there was a knock on her bedroom door.
“Who is it?” She called out, not ready to move from her spot on the bed.
“Are you alright my dear?” Her father’s voice called out with concern.
She jumped up, went over to the door and opened it.
“Yeah Dad, I’m just exhausted. It’s been a busy day.” Angelica told him as much of the truth as she dared. The last thing she wanted was for Jerome to be in trouble with her father for telling her what was going on between them and Thomas’ parents.
“Jerome told me he told you everything. May I come in so we can talk?” Marcus told her with an understanding look on his face.
She moved out of the doorway to allow him entry into her room then closed the door behind him. She went over and sat down on the bed, drawing her knees to her chest, she wrapped her arms around them.
“I didn’t want him to get into trouble for telling me.” She told him, her voice and face both showing her intense worry.
“I was not happy about it, but he’s not in trouble. I’m sure he had his reasons for telling you, just as I had my reasons for not wanting you to know.” He told her with a shrug of his shoulders.
“I needed to know Dad.” Angelica said in a soft voice. “I just wish I could remember her.”
“Remember who my dear?” Marcus asked with a look of confusion.
“Jerome’s mate, the woman mother killed when she tried to protect me. I don’t remember her at all.” She told him, a tear rolling down her face. She felt so guilty for the woman’s death, even though she’d been so young and unable to prevent it.
“She was a wonderful woman. She didn’t deserve what happened to her.” Marcus said and Angelica picked up on the profound sadness in her father when he thought of Jerome’s mate.
“Why didn’t you stop it from happening?” Angelica asked him in a harsh voice.
“I wasn’t home to stop it. I was at a council meeting, unfortunately. By the time I arrived home, it was too late. All I could do was prevent Jerome from killing your mother for what she had done.” He said, letting tears slide down his face at the memories that were flooding through his mind.
“I’m sorry Dad, I didn’t mean to make you feel bad. I’m sure you would have done everything you could to save her if you’d have been here.” Angelica said and wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug. They sat like that for a few minutes, mourning the loss of a good woman before Marcus pulled back and looked at her.
“So, Jerome also tells me you found the perfect dress for prom.” He said, putting on a large smile for her.
“Yes, I did!” Angelica said with excitement. She was ready to change the subject to something more positive as well.
“Will you show me?” He asked her, hope filling his voice.
“Of course.” She said as she bounced off the bed and ran over to her closet, where the garment bag was hanging. She pulled it out and headed into the bathroom to change. If she was going to show her father, she wanted him to see the dress on her.
When she stepped out of the bathroom, her father’s eyes lit up at the sight of her.
“My dear, beautiful daughter, you look exquisite. You have wonderful taste and Thomas would be a fool if he didn’t want your mating ceremony to happen right then and there with you wearing that dress.” He told her, standing up and walking over to her.
Angelica blushed, an unusual occurrence, and looked down at the floor in embarrassment.
“You’re just saying that because you’re my dad.” She said.
He put his finger under her chin and tilted her face up to his so she’d look at him.
“No, my dear, I am not. You are a vision in this dress. You have excellent taste. I am sure this dance will be a magical night for you and your friends.” He told her with a smile.
“Aw, Dad.” Angelica said, tears filling her eyes at his words.
“Go change out of the dress so it doesn’t get damaged before your big night and then we’ll go down to the kitchen and get you something to eat. It’s not good to skip dinner, although I understand why you did.” Marcus told her, cupping her cheek with his hand. Angelica nodded and went back into the bathroom to change back into her sweats. She carefully hung the dress back up and returned it to the closet in its garment bag, before joining her father in heading down to the kitchen.
*****
The next day, Angelica waited until lunch to fill Thomas in on everything she’d learned from Jerome.
“So, all of this is because of something your mother did?” Thomas asked her as gently as he could.
“Yeah, I knew she was cold, but I never knew she had such evil inside of her. I’ve always known she preferred Anna over me and I never knew why. Although it doesn’t make sense because Anna is a Solarian only, she doesn’t have both sets of powers.” She told him, misery in her voice for all of the pain and suffering her mother had caused over the years.
“Your mother isn’t someone you’ll ever understand unless you’re like her.” Thomas told her as he held her in his arms and wished things could be different for them.
“What if I am like her?” Angelica worried.
“You are nothing like her Angie. Not even a little bit. You are kind, loving, compassionate, thoughtful, and you respect all life, which are all things it’s becoming obvious your mother doesn’t have even the tiniest bit of inside of her. Don’t ever think you’re like her because that is not who you are.” Thomas told her fiercely.
Angelica remained quiet for a few minutes mulling over his words as she cuddled closer to him.
“What does this mean for us though? Will we always have to hide from her after we’re mated? I don’t want to live that way, but I can’t stand the thought of being without you.” She asked him, fear in her voice.
“Don’t worry, we will figure all of it out, together. We won’t let your mother keep us apart. I can’t live without you either.” He said before he leaned down, and kissed her gently for the first time.
Angelica melted at the first touch of his lips to hers and then her heart raced. She felt like she was floating in heaven. He cupped his hand behind her head as he tipped his head to deepen the kiss. She prayed the moment would never end because it was so magical for her.
After a couple of minutes, they broke apart and grinned widely at each other. They looked up in surprise when they heard cheering around their table. Their friends were standing around them grinning and cheering loudly. Angelica dipped her head in embarrassment because their loud cheering was drawing attention from everyone in the cafeteria.
“It’s about time.” Alex said as he clapped Thomas on the back.
“Whatever, man.” Thomas said with a grin on his face.
Their friends joined them at the table and they all chatted happily, finalizing their plans for prom this coming weekend. Angelica was thankful they’d joined them and put an end to the painful discussion she and Thomas had been having. Pushing those thoughts out of her mind, she focused on enjoying the rest of lunch and her wonderful friends.

Chapter Fifteen
Prom finally rolled around and Angelica was a nervous wreck. Tracy and Amy were coming to pick her up in a little while and all she could do was pace her bedroom. She worried Thomas would hate her dress and that the pair of shoes she’d decided on, out of the three she’d bought, were the wrong ones.
Her greatest fear however was her mother figuring out they were all lying to her about who she was going to the prom with. It didn’t matter how much Marcus and Jerome tried to reassure her, nothing helped ease her terror.
Jerome had already moved everything she’d planned on taking to Amy’s house, to get ready for the dance, down into the entry hall so when her friends arrived, it would be quick to load the car up and for the girls to get out of there before Camilla could create a problem.
When Tracy pulled up, Marcus knocked on Angelica’s door to let her know her friends had arrived as Jerome went and loaded her things into the car without hesitation. Giving her father a tight hug, she flew down the stairs and out the front door as fast as she could.
Jumping in the car through the door Jerome held open for her, he closed it behind her with a broad smile. She grinned like a fool back at him as Tracy pulled away from the house. She saw her mother come flying out of the house just as they were reaching the end of the driveway and the look on her face was furious.
Tracy turned out of the drive and it took everything Angelica had to keep herself from shaking with the fear that was coursing its way through her body.
“Relax everything is going to be perfect tonight. Alex told me Thomas bought a tux for tonight. Bought, not rented. His family must be loaded.” Amy gushed, doing her best to distract Angelica from her fears.
Angelica nodded her head and tried to keep up with the conversation her friends were having, but it was no use. Even knowing her mother was confined to the house didn’t stop her from being terrified of what her mother would do if she found out Angelica’s true date to prom was the son of her enemies.
When they got to Amy’s house, the three girls climbed out of the car, got all of Angelica’s things and headed straight up to her friend’s bedroom. Amy’s mother brought in snacks and joined in on the pre-dance preparations.
It took several hours but all three girls were dressed, with their hair and makeup done, and ready to go.
Angelica had opted to have her hair hang long and loose down her back, with curls and crystal beaded accents that caught the glint of the lights and sparkled, running through it. Her makeup was done to perfection and, as she gazed at her image in the mirror, she was in awe of her reflection.
She looked over at how beautiful her two friends were and hoped each girl would find someone who would appreciate each of them for the beautiful hearts they had, not just their physical beauty.
Amy’s mother called up the stairs for them to come down so she could take pictures of them before they left for the dance. All three had butterflies in their stomachs from nerves. It was a huge night for them. As they descended the stairs, they were very careful not to trip on the train to Angelica’s dress. Tracy and Amy had each opted for shorter length dresses so they didn’t have to worry.
They were made to pose for picture after picture by her friend’s mother, and soon got tired of smiling and having a flash go off and blind them.
“Mom, please, that’s enough or we’ll be blind before we get to the dance!” Amy exclaimed, making Angelica and Tracy laugh, even though they agreed.
“Just a few more please?” Her mom pleaded.
“Nope, we’re ready to get going. We’re already late.” She said, walking over and giving her mother a tight hug.
Just then they heard the honk of a horn outside and looked at each other in confusion. The plan had been for Tracy to drive them in her car, yet as they looked out of the front door, there was a huge black limo sitting out in front of Amy’s house, with a chauffeur standing there waiting on them.
“What the…?” All three girls started to ask at the same time.
“Angelica, your father arranged this for all of you. He called me this morning to let me know it would be coming to pick you up so I wouldn’t be upset by it. He told me you should arrive in something worthy of how beautiful you and your friends are on such a beautiful evening. Isn’t he sweet?” Amy’s mother gushed and Angelica’s eyes almost popped out of her head in surprise.
“Your dad is the greatest Angie.” Amy gushed.
“Yeah, he’s pretty great.” Tracy said, a huge smile lighting her face.
“Well, shall we go?” Angelica asked, silently agreeing with her friends about her father. She was definitely going to have to thank him for this later.
The girls exited Amy’s house in a fit of giggles and excitement, ready to have a great time. Even Angelica’s worries had fled her mind.
*****
Thomas was a nervous wreck as he stood, waiting for Angelica to arrive. They were running late and it made him worry she’d changed her mind on meeting him there, thinking it was too dangerous. This was going to be a huge night for them, in more ways than even Angelica knew, unless she decided not to come.
Alex tried several times to reassure him they were girls so of course they were running late, but Thomas could not get rid of the nagging doubt that had him in a tight grip. It didn’t let go until the limo had pulled up and he saw her emerge from it, looking like the most gorgeous woman he’d ever seen in his life.
He froze, admiring her radiance with awe. He couldn’t believe she was destined to be his mate, looking at how beautiful she was in that moment. Alex had to give him a slight shove to get him moving forward to meet her on the sidewalk.
“You are beyond beautiful.” Thomas breathed when he was face to face with her.
“Really? You like it?” Angelica asked and he could hear how nervous she was in her voice.
“How could I not? Your beauty is radiant. I am the luckiest guy alive.” He said as he held up the box that held the corsage he’d bought for her. It was a simple white rose which went beautifully with her champagne pink gown. He was thankful he’d decided to go with a wrist corsage so it didn’t damage her delicate gown if he’d have had to pin it on for her.
Seeing the broad smile on her face, he lifted the corsage out of the box and set the box aside on the roof of the limo, before stretching the elastic band and sliding it over her hand to settle on her slender wrist.
“It’s beautiful.” Angelica said before looking up and meeting his gaze.
“Not as beautiful as you are.” He said, making her smile widen.
“Oh come on before I lose my dinner.” Alex said dramatically.
Laughing happily, Angelica took the arm Thomas offered her and together, the group walked into the prom where they enjoyed their night to the fullest with lots of laughter and dancing. The night was magical all around for all of them and Angelica was so thankful everything had worked out for them.

Chapter Sixteen
Angelica could not believe how smooth everything went and how simply wonderful the evening was. She danced in the arms of her mate and felt like she was dancing on clouds. Everything was perfect. Thomas was the perfect gentleman, getting her glasses of punch whenever she was thirsty, sitting with her and letting her rest when her feet were tired from dancing, and worrying about whether or not she was enjoying herself.
After the prom king and queen were announced, they decided they’d get out of there. There wasn’t much of the dance left and they wanted to spend some time alone together, before she had to be home.
Holding hands, they left the prom and as they exited the building, Angelica was stunned to see who was waiting outside for them.
“What’s going on?” Angelica asked Thomas as she stared at the faces of Jerome, Marcus and Marie who were standing in front of the limo that had brought her and her friends to the dance, with huge smiles on their faces.
“Angelica, I’ve already told you, you’ve had my heart and soul since we first met in that field years ago, as young children. There has not been anyone else for me, ever. I couldn’t even look at another girl without thinking of you. I couldn’t stand to ever be without you in my life. You are the only one for me and it would be my great honor if you would agree to be my mate forever. Will you have me as your mate?” Thomas asked her as he stared deeply into her eyes.
Tears streamed down her face at his beautiful words and at the hope that lit up his face as he watched her closely.
“Thomas, there is no other I would even consider having as my mate. My world revolves around you and I could never imagine my life without you in it. Of course I will have you as my mate.” She said as she smiled through the tears of joy that were making the mascara she was wearing streak down her cheeks.
Marie came over and handed her several tissues before pulling her in for a tight hug.
“It doesn’t matter who your mother is and what she’s done in the past. You are nothing like her and are more than worthy of being my son’s mate. I look forward to having you as a part of our family from here on out.” She told Angelica with a huge smile on her face as Angelica wiped the tears and mascara rivers away.
“Wait, from here on out? What’s going on?” Angelica asked as she caught onto Marie’s words.
“Please, come sit in the limo and you’ll see. We’re going to go for a little ride.” Marcus told her as he placed his hand gently on the small of her back and nudged her toward the vehicle.
“What about Tracy and Amy? How will they get home?” Angelica worried.
“Don’t worry, it’s all been arranged. They will get home safely.” He told her with a reassuring smile. Having all of her arguments refuted, she climbed into the waiting limo and was surprised when Thomas held up a blindfold and tied it around her head, covering her eyes.
“It’s a surprise.” He whispered in her ear, which made her even more nervous as to what they all had planned.
To Angelica, it felt like they drove around forever, when it had actually, only been a few minutes. When the car came to a stop, Thomas helped Angelica out of the vehicle, showing the utmost care, and guided her along a rocky path before they came to a stop and he removed the blindfold.
Opening her eyes, the sight before her made her heart melt. They were at one of her most favorite places in the world, the garden in the park with a large gazebo where she’d come and sit for hours to think things through. Waiting for them were Anna and Patrick, which made her eyes open even wider in surprise.
Hugging her sister tight, she asked, “What are you doing here? What is going on?”
“What do you think sis?” Anna asked her with a wide grin.
Looking around, all Angelica could think of was they were going to perform hers and Thomas’ mating ceremony right there and now, the night of the prom.
“Really?” She breathed when she figured it out.
“Why should we wait?” Thomas asked her, almost afraid of her answer.
“It’s perfect. This night has been the most wonderful night of my life. I can’t think of a better way to end it than this.” She said with a brilliant smile on her face.
“I feel the same way.” He said as he gave her a chaste kiss.
“But, where is your father?” She asked when they pulled away from each other.
“Don’t worry about that now. My mother’s here and that makes it perfect for me. You have your father, who’s mating us to each other, your sister, who you’ve missed more than you’ll even admit to me and Jerome, who’s been a great friend to you your entire life. Who else do we really need?” Thomas asked her with a twinkle in his eye.
“You’re right. Everything is perfect.” She agreed and turned toward her father.
“Then let’s get started.” Marcus said as Marie began moving people into their positions for the ceremony. Angelica could not stop smiling at the unexpected turn of events.
“Before the ceremony begins, I would like to say how happy I am that the two of you have found each other. I hope that you cherish each other forever, through the good times and the bad. Hold tight to each other whenever life gets hard and nothing will ever be able to tear you apart. You are such a beautiful couple and I know you will always do the right thing for each other.” Marie spoke such heartfelt words that tears filled Angelica’s eyes once more. Choked up, she nodded her head at her soon to be mother-in-law, gratitude for the beautiful woman’s blessings making it impossible for her to speak. It seemed to start something in everyone and they all felt the need to wish the couple the best for their future together.
“Thank you Mom. That means the world to us.” Thomas told her and then placed a loving kiss on the woman’s cheek, right before she moved into position next to Marcus.
“I am so happy for you my dear sister. All I wish for you is happiness.” Anna said, stepping forward and gave her sister a quick hug before stepping back into her position.
“I know we don’t know each other well, but I hope you and Thomas are very happy together for the rest of your lives.” Patrick said with a nod in their direction.
“Thank you both, Anna and Patrick. Thank you for the well wishes, but most importantly, thank you for being here with us during this special moment in our lives. You have no idea how much this means to us.” Angelica said from the bottom of her heart.
Both her sister and brother-in-law smiled in response to Angelica’s gratitude, but didn’t say anything else.
Jerome then stepped forward to stand right in front of the couple.
“You are a very special young lady and it has been my privilege to watch you grow from a baby to the wonderful young lady standing here today. Nothing makes me happier than being a part of your joy on this evening. If you ever need anything, do not ever hesitate to call me and I will be there for you, always.” Jerome said and leaned forward placed a soft kiss on her cheek before turning his focus to Thomas.
“I know you are a very special young man because fate has chosen you for this very special young woman, who happens to mean a lot to me, her father and her sister. You take good care of her from here on out. She deserves only the best out of life. You are a very lucky young man, don’t take that for granted. Love, honor and cherish her every day you are blessed to have each other.” Jerome said and it was obvious to Angelica he was thinking of his mate as he spoke.
“I give you my word I will do just that every day of our lives, sir.” He replied and was surprised when Jerome pulled him in and gave him a tight hug, before moving back where Marie had positioned him.
“I cannot tell you what an honor it is to perform this ceremony for the two of you. Angelica, you and Anna are the two greatest accomplishments in my life. I cherish you both with every breath I take. Angelica, you are now and always will be, mated or not, my baby girl. I wish only the best for you both and know that together you will do great things. I trust you both to make each other happy for the rest of your days. Now, before I get all teary-eyed and can’t do this, let us begin.” Marcus said as his eyes filled up with the tears that he was fighting back.
Each person nodded and gave their blessing over the proceedings officially and all Angelica and Thomas could do was smile, with love and gratitude, at each other as everyone gathered around them.
“Thomas, please say your official vows to Angelica.” Marcus said in a choked up voice.
“I am yours forever with no end. You are mine forever with no end. I love you. We are one.” Thomas said, looking Angelica in the eyes and she could see the love shining there for her, and her alone.
“I am yours forever with no end. You are mine forever with no end. I love you. We are one.” Angelica repeated without being prompted by Marcus because all of a sudden, nothing else mattered to her but completing the ceremony and knowing without a doubt, Thomas was hers forever.
“And so let them be mated for all of time to one another. No man or woman shall come between, and only death shall part them. It is done.” Marcus said as everyone around them cheered with loud and wild abandon. Thomas leaned forward and kissed her with a passion he’d never kissed her with before.

Chapter Seventeen
After the ceremony was over, everyone gathered together and chatted for a while. Anna and Patrick headed home because Patrick had to be at work early in the morning. A little while later, Marie left to go home and find out if her mate Jacob was home, so she could tell him how beautiful the ceremony had been for their son and his new mate.
Angelica felt bad because Thomas’ father had been unable to come and share in their happiness, but then wondered if he was as against their mating as her mother was. She decided to ask Thomas about it later because she was too happy to be the one to spoil it.
They talked for a little longer, laughing and enjoying the happiness of the moment. All of a sudden, Jerome’s face became serious and worried as Angelica and Thomas both caught the scent of smoke.
Looking around, the four of them became worried when they saw there was a ring of fire surrounding the gazebo, they were now sitting in. Thomas stood and picked Angelica up in his arms, ready to run for it with Marcus and Jerome when Camilla stepped out of the tree line with an evil look of glee on her face.
“Camilla, what are you doing here? You’re not allowed to leave our home.” Marcus said, obviously upset by her appearance and by the fire that was slowly closing in around them.
“You didn’t honestly think I would sit at home, doing nothing, while you were all out here betraying me did you?” She asked, stepping further into the garden towards them.
“Go home Camilla. This is not about you. This is about our daughter and her happiness, which you care nothing about.” Marcus said, stepping closer to her. He was trying to draw all of her attention toward himself so Jerome, Angelica and Thomas could escape to freedom safely.
“I am not going anywhere until you all pay for this. I am not such a forgiving woman, or have you forgotten so easily Jerome?” Camilla asked him, with a satisfied smile when Jerome roared in fury and heartache at her question. Before anyone could do anything, he took off at a dead run for Camilla.
“Since you broke the terms of your sentencing for the murder of my mate, I have every right to avenge her myself.” He yelled as he ran toward her. Marcus tried grabbing ahold of him as he ran past, but couldn’t catch him.
Jerome crashed into Camilla, knocking her to the ground. He wrapped his hands around her throat and squeezed with everything he had. Being a Solarian, he refused to use his powers to attack her because he was afraid it would add to the fire already surrounding them and harm Marcus, Angelica and Thomas.
“Jerome, stop!” Angelica shouted as she struggled against Thomas’ hold on her body. He wouldn’t let go of her knowing, if he did, she would run toward the fire to try to pull Jerome back from her mother. “Let me go Thomas. We have to stop him.”
“Let your father handle it. I can’t let you go over there and get hurt.” Thomas said, pleading for her understanding with his eyes.
“We can’t just stand here and watch. That fire is getting closer and closer to them. We have to do something.” Angelica pleaded with him, still fighting against his hold on her.
Thomas looked around at the scene playing out before them, like a horrible nightmare, and nodded his head in agreement. He saw Marcus pull Jerome off of Camilla as he set Angelica back on her feet.
“We’re going to work on putting the fire out. Let your father handle your mother and Jerome.” He told her and she nodded at him in agreement. They both turned in unison and focused their powers on the fire. Being Lunarians, they could at least keep it from closing in on them even more.
Angelica did her very best to tune out the struggle going on between her mother, father and close friend. All people who mattered deeply to her.
Out of the corner of her eye, she kept tabs on what was going on with them though. She couldn’t help herself.
“Don’t do me any favors Marcus.” Camilla sneered as her mate struggled with the nearly insane Jerome, to keep him from killing her right there.
“I may not agree with the decisions you make or the things you do, but you are my mate and I love you no matter what. Go home Camilla. We will figure all of this out when I get there.” Marcus told her in such a heartfelt manner it brought tears to Angelica’s eyes. For the first time, she completely understood why Marcus didn’t always stand up to Camilla for her when her mother was going through her many rants. Even now, he was doing everything he could to protect her when he knew she deserved everything Jerome wanted to do to her for killing his mate.
“I am not going anywhere near that place, ever again.” Her mother told her father in a disgusted voice.
“Please, just go. Nobody ever has to know you left the house. I will get him under control and we will work this out.” Marcus pleaded once again.
“You know, I am quite frankly tired of listening to your sniveling drivel.” Camilla said as she unsheathed a long, silver dagger from behind her back and stepped over to where Marcus and Jerome were still struggling. Marcus was barely holding onto his friend and keeping his mate alive. The fire was so close he could feel the blazing heat licking at his skin.
“What are you doing?” Marcus shouted at her, as his shock caused him to lose his grip on Jerome and the man fell to the ground from the unexpected release.
“I am doing what I should have done a long time ago. I am freeing myself of you.” She sneered as she drove the blade deep into Marcus’ heart. Jerome grabbed her from behind, having climbed back on his feet. As he yanked her away from Marcus, she kept her grip on the handle of the dagger and ripped it out of her mate’s chest.
Horror filled Angelica as she watched the scene play out in front of her. “NO!” She screamed and diverted her attack from helping to contain the fire, toward her mother. Thomas grabbed hold of her as she started toward Camilla, anguish fueling her to confront her over the murder of her father.
“It’s too late, you can’t save him. Don’t get yourself killed trying.” Thomas tried reasoning with the distraught Angelica, but she struggled against his hold regardless of everything he said to her. He felt a deep sadness in his heart as he watched his new father-in-law fall bleeding and dead into the fire, now licking at their heels. Thomas grabbed Angelica’s hands and pulled them down to her sides to stop her attack on her mother, before she ended up pushing both Camilla and Jerome into the fire herself.
“What are you doing? Let me go. She has to pay for this.” Angelica screeched out, with tears flowing down her cheeks like waterfalls, washing all of the make-up left on her face away, fighting against Thomas’ hold with everything she had inside of her.
“It’s over Angelica. Don’t turn yourself into what she is because of your pain.” Thomas told her as he held on tight. Angelica went limp in his arms at his words. He knew she was deathly afraid of being like her mother.
“I’ve got her sweet girl. The two of you go. Run, now and save yourselves. The two of you are much more important to the future of our race than either of you know.” Jerome yelled at the couple as he swung Camilla around to face him. “Go.”
Thomas wasted no time in sweeping Angelica up into his arms and running through the flames to get them out of there and to safety. He used every ounce power he had to keep the flames from burning either of them as he quickly ran through them. Once they were clear, he didn’t pause as he went straight for the waiting limo they’d arrived in.
Angelica had stopped fighting as they’d ran through the ring of flames and that worried Thomas more than her need to avenge her father’s death. He didn’t have time to find out why though, they had to get out of there and to safety, before Camilla could catch up to them. He yelled at the chauffer to get in the driver’s seat and start the vehicle as he ran closer and closer.
Seeing the condition of the couple, he didn’t hesitate in following Thomas’ orders as they reached the limo. Thomas threw open the door and placed Angelica’s, now limp body, inside before climbing in behind her. The limo took off without hesitation once he’d closed the door behind him.
“Are you alright?” Thomas asked Angelica, terror pumping through his blood as he checked her for any injuries. “What’s wrong?”
“They’re gone. They’re gone.” Was all she would say, over and over again. Shock was setting in, which worried him even more. He was thankful the driver knew to take them to his family’s estate like they’d planned before the ceremony. His parents would know what to do to help her. He had to have faith they would, because the last thing he could do was lose his mate on the night of their mating ceremony.

Chapter Eighteen
The entire trip to his home, all Angelica could do was repeat, over and over again, “They’re gone.” Thomas was nearly frantic with worry for her. Several times he told the driver to hurry up because the trip felt like it was taking forever. When they finally reached his family’s home, he threw the door open before the limo even came to a complete stop, scooped Angelica up into his arms and climbed out of the vehicle. He ran up the porch stairs.
“Mother, Father!” He yelled as he ran.
The door flew open with a wide-eyed maid standing there staring in shock.
“Move.” Thomas hollered, as he almost barreled through her into the mansion. She moved out of the way just in time.
“Mother, Father.” He yelled again. Thomas didn’t pause for a second as he headed straight for the living room and laid Angelica out on his mother’s favorite couch.
His parents came flying into the room behind him, surprised at the commotion upon their son’s arrival home with his new mate.
“What is going on?” Jacob’s voice boomed.
“Help her, you have to help her.” Thomas pleaded as he hovered over Angelica. He kept smoothing her hair back from her face and trying to dry the tears from her eyes, which seemed like they’d never stop flowing.
She was still repeating “They’re gone.” Over and over again, as if by saying it enough would make it untrue and her world right again.
“Who’s gone my dear? What happened after I left?” Marie asked as she kneeled down next to the couch to examine her new daughter-in-law.
“Camilla showed up. She stabbed Marcus in the heart and he fell into the fire she’d encircled the clearing with, before she made herself known. I don’t know what happened to Jerome, he was dealing with her and told us to run, so I grabbed Angelica and got her out of there and brought her back here to safety, to make a long story short.” Thomas spoke so quickly his parents weren’t sure they’d heard him correctly.
“Camilla isn’t allowed to leave their house son. She couldn’t have shown up.” Jacob argued.
“Well, you might as well charge her with contempt if you can catch her, because not only did she show up in the park, but she murdered her own mate right in front of us.” Thomas argued as he continued to worry over Angelica.
“Jerome is dead, my father is dead and all of it is my fault.” Angelica sobbed out.
“What do you mean my dear?” Marie asked her gently.
“She killed Jerome as we were leaving. He’s gone. She killed my father too. Why?” Angelica asked as her tears began flowing harder again. Her misery was like a heavy cloud hanging in the room with them and Thomas had no clue how to help her feel better.
Jacob burst into action. He tore out of the room as if there were rabid dogs on his heels. He knew he had to get Camilla, before she got away. They’d gone easy on her years ago when she’d murdered Jerome’s mate, but now, if Angelica was to be believed, she’d committed two more murders tonight.
“Go, help your father. I’ll take care of Angelica.” Marie told him in a sad but firm voice.
“But Mom…” Thomas began to object, but she waved him off.
“There’s nothing you can do to ease her grief right now son. You need to go help your father bring her to justice for her crimes. I promise you, once the shock wears off, she’ll be alright. It will just take time for her to mourn. That’s when she’ll need you the most. Right now, you hovering and worrying is only making things worse for her.” Marie told him. “Now go.”
Thomas looked at Angelica with a desperate look on his face, before he turned and hurried out of the room after his father. It broke his heart to see her so grief stricken and he would give anything to take her suffering from her. He wished he could take her pain away and erase the awful events of this night so she could be at peace, but deep down, he knew he couldn’t and the peace he wished for her was a long time in coming.
When Thomas entered his father’s study, his father was on the phone issuing orders to his men. As the leader of their race, it was up to him to protect everyone, their kind and humans alike, from rogues like Camilla, who had no conscience whatsoever.
Slamming down the phone, Jacob turned and headed toward the door where Thomas was standing.
“I’m coming with you.” Thomas stated fiercely when Jacob looked at his son. Jacob did not argue and simply nodded his head.
“I am sorry about all of this. The night of your mating ceremony should not have been darkened by all of this. I promise you Camilla will pay for her crimes.” Jacob told him, placing a hand on Thomas’ shoulder before heading out of the room.
“I can’t believe she killed her own mate. I didn’t think that was possible because the bond is supposed to be too strong for that to happen.” Thomas said his own grief in his voice. He hadn’t known either Marcus or Jerome long, but he liked both men and had looked forward to getting to know each of them better.
“Things like this are not supposed to happen with the mating bond in place. I have never had anything against Marcus, even after everything Camilla has done. He had no choice, because fate brought them together, he had to do his best to protect her. He knew what she’d done was wrong and didn’t condone it. He’s spent all of these years since helping to keep her under control so no one else got hurt.” Jacob informed Thomas as they exited the house.
There was a car waiting out front for them and they climbed in without another word. Thomas was thinking over everything that had happened that night. He knew he had no time to mourn in this moment, mourning was for later, now was for taking care of business.
“I have a question. When Jerome told us to run, he told us we were more important to the future of our race than either of us knew. What did he mean by that?” Thomas asked, the memory nagging at him.
“There are much more important things to worry about at this time son. You will find out when you are meant to and not before. Put it out of your mind now and focus on the mission at hand.” Jacob told him in a commanding voice. Thomas was irritated by the lack of answers, but it seemed to be the normal routine anytime he asked any questions.
Not saying anything else, Thomas sat back against the seat and closed his eyes. He tried using the mating bond to reach Angelica so he could let her know how much he loved her and that they weren’t going to rest until Camilla paid for what she’d done. He knew when the connection was made because her pain ripped through his chest like the blade that had pierced the heart of her father. It was so intense it brought tears to his eyes. He took a moment to let her pain pour over him so he could, hopefully, ease some of her suffering.
“Focus on the mission son. Your mother will take good care of your mate. Together, as a family, we will pull through this, just like we always do.” Jacob said in a stern voice. Nodding his head, Thomas broke the connection with Angelica and wiped the tears from his eyes. He knew his father was right, but he still felt horrible for everything that had occurred.
“Have you heard anything? Do they know where she is?” Thomas asked as he returned his focus to what was ahead of them.
“No. I sent a team out right away, but when they arrived on the scene there were humans everywhere. There was only one male body found at the scene when the fire was contained, but that still doesn’t mean either of them made it out of there alive. I will keep eyes and ears out for word of an injured male, in the hopes one of them survived, but I don’t hold out much hope.” Jacob told his son, showing sadness for the first time since Thomas burst into the house with Angelica in his arms.
Thomas nodded his head and hoped one of them had made it out alive. Knowing that would help Angelica more than anything else in the world would, including him.
“What about Camilla?” Thomas asked, fury in his voice for the woman who’d caused so much pain and anguish.
“There was only the one body found so I’m assuming she escaped from the scene. We have a team intercepting the body so the humans don’t get their hands on it and learn too much. It’s our job to figure out how Camilla got away, where she’s going and catch her before anyone else is harmed.” Jacob informed Thomas.
“I have no problem with that, none at all. She will pay for her crimes if it’s the last thing I do in my life.” Thomas vowed. His father nodded his head in response, pride and respect written all over his face at the man his son was becoming. Thomas just wished the pride and respect he saw in that moment helped him feel better over the events which had taken place, but they did nothing to calm him. Only Angelica’s peace could do that now.

Chapter Nineteen
After Thomas walked out of the room to go help his father in hunting down Camilla, Marie lifted Angelica up, slid her body under and cradled Angelica’s head to her chest. She was pretty sure Angelica had never had anyone comfort her, like a real mother should, and that made her even sadder as she stroked the girl’s beautiful hair back on her head.
“Shhh, I know it hurts and nothing can take away your pain right now, but I promise you, it will get better over time.” Marie crooned in a soft and soothing voice.
“How can it get better? I’ve lost my whole family in one night. Everything I’ve ever known is just gone.” Angelica sobbed, agony, like she’d never felt before, making her feel like she was going to die at any moment.
“You have not lost your whole family. Your sister and her mate are still alive and well and you have us. We’ll always be your family too.” Marie pointed out in her calm voice.
“I don’t even know where Anna lives now. My mother wouldn’t let me have that information.” Angelica told her, as even more sobs wracking her body. “I don’t even know if she knows what happened tonight.”
“We’ll find her and make sure she knows. Jacob has many contacts and will be able to get in touch with her. I am sure of that, so you try to relax now and not worry.” Marie told her with confidence, which helped Angelica feel a little better.
They didn’t talk for a while, but Angelica’s tears still flowed and memories of her father and Jerome flooded her mind, making her grief unbearable. Through it all, Marie held tight to Angelica and let her cry it all out. Angelica was thankful for her new mother-in-law for being there for her and trying her best to help her through this.
Before she knew it though, she’d cried herself to sleep, exhaustion taking over her body. Marie continued to stroke her hair and back in a soothing manner, even after she knew the young girl had crashed hard.
She became a bit worried for the girl in her arms when her body started shaking and shivering. Calling over a passing maid, she ordered for a fire to be built in the enormous fireplace in front of them and a warm quilt be brought to wrap around Angelica. The maid nodded with a sad look on her face, as she hurried off to handle Marie’s wishes.
It was a matter of minutes before the maid returned with the quilt and the butler had a fire started in the fireplace. Even their staff had heard about the tragedy that had happened this evening and were eager to help Angelica, in any way they could. Marie was very grateful to them and vowed to let them know her gratitude at the first chance she got. When the two helping asked if there was anything else she needed, she shook her head and let them get back to their normal duties.
Marie knew when Thomas opened the connection between them and syphoned off some of Angelica’s grief, because that was when the girl in her arms finally settled into a more peaceful, calming sleep. She was thankful for her son’s thoughtfulness, even when he was in the midst of hunting down the murderer who had caused all of this grief. Once Angelica relaxed, her shaking and shivering stopped and after a while, Marie fell asleep too with her still wrapped tightly in her arms.
*****
Thomas and Jacob searched everywhere they could think of for Camilla. They started at the park and worked their way out. Wishing they had one of their kind who was a tracker to help them, they kept searching. The two men weren’t giving up, because they knew it was only a matter of time before Camilla came after Angelica.
“We’ve got to find her Dad.” Thomas said, urgency filling his voice.
“We will son, but Camilla is very good at this. We may not find her until she’s ready to be found.” Jacob warned his son, fury in his voice.
“That’s not good enough. I can’t let her harm Angelica any more than she already has. If she’s out there loose, I’ll never feel like she’s safe.” Thomas told his father with all of the vehemence of a mated man.
“We will never give up searching for her to bring her to justice. I can promise you that son. I will put my best people on it as soon as we return home. We’ve been out here searching all night and we both need rest at this point. You’ll be no good to Angelica if you’re exhausted and ready to drop. She’s going to need you to be strong so you can help her through this.” Jacob pointed out. Thomas simply nodded his head. He couldn’t argue with his father’s logic because, even though he wanted to keep searching, he needed to get back to Angelica more.
“I know we won’t, but I have this sinking feeling she’s going to cause a lot more problems before we get our hands on her. I don’t want to live in fear that she’ll harm Angelica or cause her more pain than she’s already going through. She is the most important person in my life.” Thomas told his father.
“Of course she is son, she is your mate. We will keep her safe. I don’t think it’s wise for the two of you to go back to school though. Camilla will look for you both there, if she’s really out to harm either of you. I will make arrangements for a tutor to keep you both on track with your classes. Also, Angelica will probably not be able to handle the whispers and innuendo that will surround the both of you, especially her, if you went back there.” Jacob said, worried Thomas would be upset by his decision to keep them from the normal routine they were used to.
“As much as I’ll miss my friends, I have to say, her safety and peace of mind are more important to me. There are two of her friends that are human, who she is going to want to spend time with. They’ll help her through this.” Thomas told his father, sad she wouldn’t be able to return to her old life.
“We will find a way for that to happen. She is going to need everyone who loves her to get through this tragedy.” Jacob said sadly.
“Ok, there’s something that’s been bugging me about what happened after the ceremony and I’m hoping you can, and will, answer it for me.” Thomas said, unable to bear the discussion of Angelica’s pain and really wanting the answer to his question.
“If I can answer it, I will do my best.” Jacob responded cautiously.
“Neither Marcus nor Jerome used their powers against Camilla when she attacked, why?” Thomas asked, trying to make sense of it in his mind.
“Camilla has a very unique power. There are very few of us who possess this particular power and it makes her extremely dangerous. We bound her Solarian and Lunarian powers when she was sentenced for murdering Jerome’s mate, but there was nothing we could do to bind this power.” Jacob began and Thomas looked at him with confusion.
“What power is it? I know each of us has an extra power, different for each of us, that emerges with time.” Thomas asked when Jacob paused.
“Yes, we do. Camilla’s extra power happens to be the ability to syphon off the powers from others and use them herself. It’s how she can get around being bound and why we had to imprison her in her home to keep her away from others of our kind. When she syphons them off, the original owner of the powers is unable to use them until they return, which could be a matter of moments or years. Both Marcus and Jerome knew this so they didn’t attack her using them. Their powers would have only made her stronger.” Jacob said and Thomas could sense how distraught his father was over the deaths of two great men.
“Angelica used her powers on Camilla, after her mother stabbed Marcus in the heart with the dagger. I wonder if she syphoned any of her powers.” Thomas said thoughtfully.
“We’ll have to wait and see. I doubt that Angelica even knew her mother had this power and with her grieving, we may not know for a while, if we ever do.” Jacob said just as the car pulled up to the house.
“I’m in no rush to find out just yet. Her mental and emotional health is much more important to me than whether she has her powers or not. We’ve got to get her through this.” Thomas said as they exited the vehicle and headed inside. Jacob nodded his head in agreement, but his son wasn’t paying any attention whatsoever. Thomas was eager to see how Angelica was doing.

Chapter Twenty
Nothing major happened over the following days, weeks, months or years after the night of their mating ceremony and the tragedy that followed. It took a while, but Angelica finally got back to her usual self, only more jaded than she’d been before everything had happened.
True to his word, Jacob hired a tutor, who completed their high school educations with them and they were able to walk across the stage with their old friends at their graduations, with lots of security around in case Camilla decided to make an unexpected appearance.
Their lives fell into a normal routine of Thomas going to work with his father and learning how to lead their race once the time came for Jacob to retire, or when he passed away. The council was dead set on having Thomas replace his father, which Angelica was thrilled with because she felt nobody deserved it more than he did. It was a huge honor to be chosen for such a high position.
Angelica did her very best to not to think too much about what happened after their mating ceremony. It has been two and a half years since her mother murdered her father, but the wounds were still raw for her. The fact she and Thomas would not be able to have children of their own hurt her more than she was willing to admit to anyone, especially Thomas, who seemed to accept it with a sadness he didn’t talk about either.
Helping Marie plan charity events and other things kept Angelica busy most of the time. She truly enjoyed the time she spent with Thomas’ mother and was grateful his parents had accepted her so easily after she and Thomas had been so afraid their mating would be rejected by them, as it had been by her mother. Anna would stop by for a visit from time to time and Angelica loved the time they spent together. Her sister was the only person she had left from her family and she meant the world to her.
She was going about her usual morning routine when her first bout of sickness hit. She ran for the nearest bathroom and barely made it before her breakfast came rushing out.
Angelica didn’t know how long she stayed there on the bathroom floor and had lost track of how many times she’d thrown up when Marie came looking for her and found her there.
“Oh dear, what’s wrong honey?” Marie rushed over, worry written all over her face.
“I don’t know. I’ve been sick for a little while now and I have no idea why. I was feeling fine earlier.” Angelica said as her stomach heaved again.
“Come on, let’s get you to bed. You’re going to rest for today.” Marie said as she helped Angelica to her feet. As much as she wanted to argue with her mother-in-law, she knew she would be of no help today, with as awful as she was feeling.
Marie helped Angelica get back to the room she shared with Thomas, when they stayed with her in-laws, and change into a pair of soft comfy pajamas, before tucking her into the large bed. She called for a maid to bring in some saltine crackers and chicken broth for Angelica, as well as some ginger ale.
“You don’t have to fuss over me.” Angelica told her.
“It’s alright, I want to take care of you dear. You’re my daughter now and it’s what mothers do.” She said as she answered the door when the maid arrived with the food and drink. The maid entered and set the tray carefully across Angelica’s lap.
As Angelica got a whiff of the food, her stomach revolted. The maid saw the look that crossed her face and removed the tray from her lap as Angelica reached over and heaved into the trash can that was placed next to the bed for her. When she was finished, she motioned the maid over to her.
No matter how nauseous the smell of the food made her, she was starving. She picked up the glass of ginger ale and drank it slowly as she picked up a saltine. Nibbling on that, she set the glass down and began on the bowl of chicken broth. The food and drink were gone in no time.
“Let’s see how that sits on your stomach for now.” Marie said as she dismissed the maid with the tray.
“Actually, what sounds wonderful is ice cream, pickles and watermelon.” Angelica said and her stomach rumbled in response. Marie and the maid gave each other a look she didn’t understand before the maid nodded and left the room. “What was that all about?” She asked as Marie came over and sat next to her on the edge of the bed.
“I don’t want to worry you, but I want to have the doctor come over and examine you, before I tell you what I suspect is wrong with you. Will you let me do that?” Marie asked her gently which made Angelica worry even more.
“Why? It’s probably something simple like a cold or the flu going around.” Angelica said, not wanting there to be anything else wrong with her. After everything they’d already endured, a serious illness was not something she could deal with at the moment.
“Please, just trust me okay? May I call the doctor and have him come over?” Marie asked her gently.
“Yeah, I guess so. I wish you’d tell me why though.” Angelica said, as she leaned against the fluffy pillows behind her. She yawned as she did so and her eyes got heavy.
“You take a nap while I go make the call. It might be a little while before he makes it over.” Marie said and then placed a kiss on Angelica’s forehead, before heading out of the room. Angelica’s eyes fluttered closed and she was asleep before she knew it.
A couple of hours later, she awoke to Thomas sitting on the edge of the bed stroking her face, a look of extreme worry on his face.
“Oh, hey honey, are you home early or did I sleep longer than I thought?” Angelica asked as she pushed herself up to more of a sitting position.
“I’ve been here for an hour or so. You’ve been asleep for a couple of hours though. My mom called and told me you were sick, so I finished what I was working on and came home. The doctor’s here to check you out but Mother won’t tell me why. Do you know why he’s here?” Thomas asked her, sounding even more worried than he looked.
“No, she wouldn’t tell me why she wanted him to examine me. Just to make her feel better, I agreed to it. I don’t want any of you worrying about me. I’ll be fine. I’m feeling better already.” She said as she reached up and tried to smooth out the lines of worry that upset her, on his face.
“Are you ready for him to come in and examine you?” Thomas asked her.
“Yeah, might as well get it over with so we can all get back to normal.” Angelica said with a smile on her face. Her smile eased his worry more than her words had. Kissing her briefly, he stood and headed to the door. Opening it, he stuck his head out and called the doctor in. When the doctor stepped into the room, Thomas made the introductions.
“Angelica, this is Dr. Brown. He’s been with our family for a very long time. He’ll take good care of you.” Thomas said as he directed a look of warning at the doctor.
“It is so lovely to meet you Angelica.” Dr. Brown said, stepping toward the bed. “If I have your permission, I’d like to examine you to find out why you were sick this morning.”
“That’ll be fine. It’s nice to meet you as well, although it would have been better under different circumstances.” Angelica said with a warm smile.
“Yes, I have to agree on that. Thomas, I am going to have to ask you to leave the room while I examine her. I will let you know as soon as her examination is finished and you can return.” Dr. Brown said and Thomas got fired up to argue with him.
“Thomas, I’ll be fine. Go and wait with your mom or something. I’m sure it won’t be long.” Angelica said in her most reassuring voice, even though she was shaking inside from fear there was more wrong with her than just a cold or the flu.
“Are you sure?” Thomas asked her and she could hear the overwhelming amount of love, protectiveness and worry he felt for her in the tone of his voice.
“Yes, everything will be fine.” Angelica said and smiled brilliantly at him before he nodded his head and left the room.
As soon as the door clicked shut behind Thomas, Dr. Brown began his examination by asking her a million questions, which only left her more and more confused as she answered him.

Chapter Twenty-One
The waiting was torture for Thomas as he paced back and forth in front of his mother, who tried repeatedly to get him to sit down and relax with her.
“How can I relax?” Thomas asked her in a frustrated voice.
“You’re going to have to. I’m sure she’s going to be fine.” Marie told him in a soothing, motherly voice.
“Then why did you insist on the doctor examining her?” Thomas asked her in a pleading voice.
“You’ll see soon enough, if my suspicions are correct. They should be finishing up anytime now.” She said with a sly smile on her face just a few seconds before the doctor appeared in the doorway.
“Thomas, will you come with me?” Dr. Brown asked him in a voice that gave nothing away. He had a great poker face as well, because Thomas could not get any idea of what was wrong with Angelica from the man. Nodding, he followed the doctor back to the room he shared with his precious Angelica, leaving his mother behind to wait even longer for the answer to her question.
They entered the room and Thomas immediately went to his mate and pulled her into his arms. She smiled brilliantly up at him which made him even more confused.
“What’s going on? Is everything alright? Are you okay?” Thomas asked her as he cupped her cheeks in his hands.
“She will be fine. It’s a good thing your mother suspected what she did and had me come over though. Would you like to tell him or would you like me to tell him?” Dr. Brown asked, looking past Thomas at Angelica.
“I’ll tell him. Please, go tell Marie what is going on and I’ll be fine.” Angelica said with a wide smile. Dr. Brown nodded his head and left the room, leaving Thomas even more confused than he was before.
“Angelica, what is going on?” Thomas asked cautiously.
“I’m pregnant.” She burst out once the door was closed and he could tell she was ecstatic, worried and confused all at the same time.
“You can’t be. Our race doesn’t work that way.” Thomas said with disbelief.
“Well, apparently we’re the exception because I am about three months pregnant. Dr. Brown wants me to come in for a prenatal examination in a couple of weeks and we can determine a more accurate time table, but there’s no doubt about it. I was sick with morning sickness earlier.” She told him with the biggest smile he’d ever seen on her face. It took a little while for it to sink in for him, but when he did, he couldn’t help himself, he pulled the covers off of her, lifted her up and twirled her around the room with the utter joy he was feeling shining from his eyes. He loved how she giggled as they turned around and around.
Marie knocked and entered as they were laughing and celebrating their joy.
“This is wonderful news. I am going to call your father and tell him to come home. We are going to have a feast tonight to celebrate.” She said and the couple agreed she had a wonderful idea. She turned and exited the room with a wide smile on her face as she started planning the elaborate meal she was going to have the staff prepare.
Carefully, Thomas laid Angelica back on the bed and tucked her back in, even though she kept objecting and telling him she felt fine.
After tucking her in, he took his shoes off and climbed into bed with her still fully dressed. All he wanted to do was share this wondrous moment with her and make it last forever.
To Angelica’s great aggravation, everyone around her made her take it easy from that point on. They wouldn’t let her do anything besides sit or walk to the bathroom by herself. Marie insisted on the couple staying with them so Angelica would be cared for at all stages of her pregnancy, she also insisted on taking constant pictures throughout. It was enough to drive her completely batty, but she bit her tongue and only voiced her frustrations to Thomas.
Much to her dismay, he agreed that having his mother and their staff around to help her with everything was the best thing for her.
Then came the day of the ultrasound, Thomas insisted on going with her to the appointment so they could see their child together, for the first time. Over the moon with joy, he wanted to be so involved, Angelica couldn’t argue with him as they walked together across the massive yard to the medical building located on the same property, holding hands.
The nurse ushered them right in and gave her one of those backless medical gowns doctors’ offices and hospitals were so fond of using. Thomas stepped into the hall as Angelica changed and returned when she opened the door to let him know she was done. He was the perfect gentleman, making her so proud to have him as her mate and the father of her child.
Dr. Brown came rushing in with a nurse who set up the machine as he told Angelica what to expect. Angelica nodded her head in understanding and the appointment got under way.
The gel he used was just as cold as he’d warned her about, but the excitement of seeing the child growing inside of her overruled any discomfort it may have otherwise caused her. They watched the screen and, having never seen an ultrasound done before, had no idea what they were looking at so they waited for a minute for the doctor to explain it to them. When he moved the wand around on her stomach several times but didn’t say anything, Angelica became worried and looked at him.
There was an intense look of concentration on Dr. Brown’s face as he studied the screen. Seeming to come to a conclusion, he put the wand aside and looked up at the couple.
“What’s wrong doctor?” Thomas asked before Angelica could open her mouth. She could see the terror written all over his face and feel it coming off of him in waves.
“Relax, there is nothing wrong, but it is an unexpected development. Before I put the wand back and show you what’s going on in there, I thought you both should know you’re having twins.” Dr. Brown said and reserved his reaction until he saw theirs.
At first, all they could react with was shock and then reality set in.
“How is this possible?” Thomas asked him, his face a mask of confusion.
“All I can think of is these are the children of the prophecy.” Dr. Brown said and watched their reactions closely.
Angelica looked as if she wanted to cry, but he couldn’t tell if it was from joy or fear. Thomas just looked stunned.
“Do you want me to give you both a few minutes or would you like to continue?” Dr. Brown asked them cautiously.
“Please, continue. We’d like to know the sex of the child…I’m sorry, children.” Angelica told him, having to correct herself and adjust to the idea of having two babies instead of one, like they’d thought. She wasn’t even going to think of the possibility that they were the children of the prophecy, at least not yet.
Dr. Brown nodded his head as he squirted more gel on her stomach and used the wand to spread it around. He turned the sound up on the machine and they heard both heartbeats fill the room loudly, they couldn’t help but smile.
He moved the wand around and pointed out hands, heads, feet and then finally told them that they were having twin girls.
When the exam was finished, the doctor congratulated them as he and the nurse that had stayed in the room, left. Thomas stepped outside while Angelica changed back into her regular clothes so they could head back up to the house. He was even more worried now than he’d been before. After telling them their children might be the children meant to fulfill the prophecy for their race, he now understood Jerome’s last words to them with a dawning horror. He’d known back then and tried to tell them.
He shook his head to clear it as Angelica exited the exam room, headed over to the nurses’ station to schedule her next appointment and then they walked very quietly back to their room in the house. They were both trying to process the shocking news they’d just received.

Chapter Twenty-Two
Everyone was thrilled with the news of two babies. The preparations began with shopping trips and baby showers. There would be nothing either of these baby girls would want for, if it was up to Marie.
The closer it came to her having the babies, the more nervous Angelica got. She asked Marie over and over again about her experience giving birth, but was constantly told she would forget the pain and hard parts once she held those beautiful babies in her arms. Angelica doubted that, but couldn’t argue since she’d had no previous experience with anything like this.
When her water broke, she was extremely thankful Thomas was home at the time. He scooped her up in his arms and raced from the house down to the medical building, being very careful not to trip, stumble or fall in his haste.
Marie called down to the medical building to let the doctor know they were coming and Angelica’s water broke, before she and Jacob followed them down at a slower pace. They were thrilled at the impending birth of their granddaughters. It was more than they’d dared to hope for when they found out Angelica was a Lunarian, the same as their son.
Angelica was terrified as the nurse helped her change into a hospital gown, then get situated on the bed. The contractions started almost as soon as she was settled and shook her to her core. Never in her wildest dreams had she imagined labor would be this painful. Thomas held her hand through it all and whispered encouraging words in her ear to help her through it.
Her labor went on for what felt like forever. At first the contractions were erratic, easing into an evenly timed pattern, which is what the doctor and nurses were waiting for. Angelica couldn’t wait until it was over. Thomas tried easing her pain through their connection but found it only worked on emotional pain, not physical.
He talked to her, trying to ease her agony with stories from his childhood and ones he’d heard over the years and thought were funny. Nothing helped and she was begging for them to give her pain medication to ease the torment. Thomas didn’t know what to do. He hated seeing her in such agony but at the same time, the doctor had urged against the pain killers because a small dose of it could get into the babies’ blood stream. He and Angelica had agreed not to use the pain killers, but if she was in so much pain she was demanding them, he wondered if he should give in and sign the paperwork for her to get what she needed.
Marie swept into the room with a smile on her face that seemed inappropriate to Thomas because of the pain Angelica was enduring.
“I need painkillers NOW!” Angelica screamed as another contraction hit her hard.
“Thomas, go get the doctor and get her the medicine she needs.” Marie said without pause as she moved over to the bed. “I’ll stay with her.”
“We’d agreed no painkillers Mom, because of their danger to the babies.” Thomas told his mother.
“Yeah well, that was before she knew how painful giving birth really is. Now, go get the doctor like I just told you and I’ll stay here with her.” Marie told him with the look she’d always given him when she meant business. Even though he was an adult now, it still had the power to make him do as he was told, because he didn’t want to find out what would happen if he didn’t. Turning, he rushed out of the room to find the doctor.
When he returned with Dr. Brown, Angelica was screaming with the pain from another contraction and his mother was crooning soothing words to her. His heart warmed to see how his mother had taken his mate under her wing and was helping her through this.
Before the doctor had a chance to give her the medication, she screamed out she needed to push. Moving into position, the doctor did everything he had to for her to be ready. He pushed a button and called in the nurse to help him and she came running without hesitation. Thomas moved over to Angelica’s side and she latched onto his hand with a grip that would bend steel. He had to force himself not to wince from the pain of her grip.
He couldn’t believe how quickly the first of his daughters were born, it was a matter of minutes actually, and he had even more respect for both his mother and his mate, than he’d ever had before. As the doctor lifted his first daughter up for them to see, he fell instantly in love.
“Cora…” Angelica breathed out the name they’d decided on for their first daughter in awe.
“She’s beautiful.” Marie said but all Thomas could do was stare with wide eyes at the perfect little angel he and his mate had created. As Dr. Brown handed Cora off to the nurse, the contractions started up again for Angelica, reminding them they still had another daughter to bring into the world.
Dr. Brown turned back to Angelica and the two of them went back to work bringing his other daughter into the world. As he watched Viola being born, he knew he couldn’t possibly love his mate any more than he did in this very moment.
In a matter of minutes, Viola was born and held up for them to admire with love and adoration. Angelica flopped back onto the bed in exhaustion, but forced away how sleepy she was so she could hold her daughters for the very first time. Pride shone brightly from both of their eyes as the nurse handed first Cora and then Viola to Angelica, swaddled tightly in blankets.
“It’s them.” Thomas heard the nurse whisper into the doctor’s ear.
“It’s who?” Thomas demanded of the nurse.
“They’re the twins of the prophecy.” She said with a conflicted look in her eyes that set him on edge.
“And how exactly do you know that?” He demanded, moving into a protective position between them and his family.
“Do you know what day this is?” She asked him in an impatient voice.
“December 21st.” He said as if he didn’t know what the big deal was.
“Yes, the winter solstice. The prophecy states that twin girls born on the winter solstice to two Lunarian parents from her family line would fulfill it.” The nurse said, her voice becoming more and more fierce with each word she spoke. He didn’t like where she was going with this conversation or the menacing tone with which she spoke.
“I think you need to leave us, now.” Thomas demanded.
The nurse squared her shoulders and stood her ground until the doctor stood and dismissed her. She protested that the babies had to be taken to the nursery for the standard testing, weighing and measuring, but was instructed to send in another nurse to take care of that. The nurse was obviously furious as she stalked out of the room.
As he turned back to his mate and daughters, his eyes met those of his mother’s and he could tell she was just as worried as he was by the nurse’s reaction. Not saying a word about it, Marie pulled out a camera and demanded to document this miraculous moment. Thomas moved behind Angelica and the two smiled for pictures. Marie took so many Thomas had to finally demand for her to stop and go give Jacob the wonderful news.
Unable to wait another minute, Thomas reached out to hold Cora in his arms. He wasn’t comfortable enough around babies to try holding both of them at the same time, so he spent a few minutes holding each of them and marveling at how perfect they were. Tears welled up in his eyes at the overwhelming emotion filling his heart. He knew he would do whatever it took to keep these three safe, because they meant everything to him, they were his life.
A few minutes later, another nurse entered the room and Thomas stood protectively between her and his family. He interrogated her to see what her reaction to the twins of the prophecy was and wouldn’t let her near them until he was satisfied she would not harm his daughters. He watched her like a hawk as she gently took the two girls from Angelica and sung to them in a low voice as she carried them from the room.
Unable to trust her, even after the questioning, he gave Angelica a quick kiss before following the nurse from the room to the nursery. Angelica laid back against the pillow with her eyes closed, exhaustion taking over.

Chapter Twenty-Three
A few days after Cora and Viola were born, Thomas and Angelica moved themselves and their daughters back into their own home. They wanted to get settled into a normal routine and recover as much of the privacy they’d lost when they’d moved into his parents’ home temporarily, as they could.
It took a while to get settled, but eventually, they all got comfortable. Both mother and father were exhausted from the late and middle of the night feedings and diaper changes, but neither would change any of it for the world. They cherished every moment they had with their beautiful girls knowing, because both of their power bases being the same, they shouldn’t be parents at all.
Worry filled every moment of their lives because of the prophecy and what that meant for Cora and Viola’s future. Thomas doubled up the security around their home, expecting an attack at any time, because he could not get that nurse’s reaction out of his head. It haunted his dreams at night, when the girls would let them sleep or it was Angelica’s turn to take care of them.
It was a few months before the first attack happened. They had relaxed a bit, thinking maybe they had been overreacting. For the first time since the girls were born, they were experiencing true joy in their lives together as mates and it was destroyed in the span of one night.
Somehow, the intruders managed to sneak past the guards patrolling the perimeter of the house, as well as every safety precaution Thomas had installed. The only explanation they could come up with was that someone who had helped to either plan it or install it had spilled information about how it was set up and worked, to those wanting to harm their girls.
There were two teams involved in the attack, one picked the lock on the front door at the same time as the second picked the lock on the back door to the house. They entered quickly and dismantled the alarm system before it could go off. Proceeding silently, they found their way to the twins’ room. What they hadn’t expected was for Angelica to be awake and tending to the girls.
At their entry into the room, she looked up from where she was holding Viola in her arms, rocking her as she happily sucked on the bottle Angelica was holding for her. When Angelica saw it wasn’t Thomas or one of the maids that entered the room, she let go of the bottle and threw out an ice attack, stopping the first two intruders in their tracks. They dropped to the floor as Viola started screaming. Viola’s screams scared Cora and together they cried their terror as only babies can.
“Please, we don’t want to hurt you, but we have to stop them. They are too powerful.” A man told Angelica before she threw her second attack, obviously hoping to gain her understanding as to why they were going after two innocent babies. Her maternal instincts kicked in and she threw another attack as she stood from the rocking chair cradling Viola in her arms and moving so she blocked Cora with her body. She yelled for Thomas to come and help as she threw attack after attack, but there were just too many of them for her to fend off on her own.
Thomas came running into the room through their bedroom door adjoining the nursery. Quickly he assessed the situation and took over the attacks while Angelica laid Viola down in the same crib as Cora, so they could protect them better. She also pressed a hidden button to alert the guards that intruders had infiltrated the nursery.
Within thirty seconds of her pressing the button and turning back around to assist Thomas in protecting their daughters, an army of guards came storming in. There was a huge battle with power flying in all directions. Thomas, Angelica and several guards stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the girls, using their bodies to protect them at all costs. In a matter of minutes, they had the situation contained and the surviving intruders apprehended.
Thomas let his first in command handle the intruders as he helped Angelica to calm their terrified, screaming baby girls. As he watched his mate pick Cora up from the crib, and picked Viola up himself, he saw she was shaking with the fear coursing through her body.
They had one of the maids pack up stuff for the girls and another pack up stuff for them and vacated the property within an hour, back to his parents’ house. There would be no way they’d keep their girls somewhere that had already proven to be unsafe for them.
After several weeks, they got themselves settled into a new home. Angelica wasn’t sleeping, because she couldn’t shake the terror when she did sleep, that someone would come in and try to harm their girls again. Thomas was busy trying to find those responsible for leaking the information about their security at the previous house and making sure the house they were currently in was even more secure for their girls.
The stress level they were running on was dangerous and Angelica’s powers weren’t always under her control because of exhaustion and emotional turmoil. Thomas worried about her even more than he usually did.
The second attack came a few weeks after they were in their new home. It was quick and precise but met the same results as the first one. Thomas, Angelica and their guards defeated their attackers and they ended up moving again. No matter what he did, he could not console Angelica’s fears their babies would be killed in one of the attacks. He couldn’t honestly tell her he wasn’t thinking the same thing.
Each time they moved, there was another attack, each one faster and more violent, which was wearing them down further and further. The lack of sleep for Thomas and Angelica was making them jump at shadows. Marie and Jacob tried tirelessly to convince them to move back into their home with the girls.
After the sixth move and attack, they finally relented and moved back into Thomas’ parents’ home. With Jacob being the leader of their race, it had the best security of anywhere in the world, including the humans’ White House.
This time it took a couple of months before anything happened. Angelica had barely started sleeping again and Thomas had begun to relax a bit.
The attack, when it came was even more shocking than the first attack, because it was lead from the inside of Jacob’s home. Members of his staff were working in league with those who wanted to see harm come to Cora and Viola and granted entry to the teams of intruders out to see it done.
Marie was in the nursery watching over the girls when the door burst open and she was surrounded. Hearing the noise, Angelica and Thomas flew out of their bed and rushed into the nursery in time to help Marie defend the girls. Jacob came running down the hall to assist and so did the guards who were loyal to him.
It was war in the house that night. Marie ended up injured and so did Angelica, as well as Thomas, protecting the girls. Although they ended up defeating the intruders, there was a much higher casualty count from this battle than the previous ones.
Searching through the bodies of the fallen, Marie was frantically searching for her mate, screaming his name and sobbing when he didn’t respond to her. She couldn’t feel his presence like mates could do with each other, no matter the distance between them, which terrified her. As Angelica and one of the maids tended to the terrified girls, Thomas helped his mother search for his father.
It was on the first floor of the house they found his badly damaged body. He’d been killed protecting his family during the course of the attack. Marie screamed out her pain and threw her body over his, but it was too late, he’d been dead for too long for her to help him in any way.
Thomas felt a tear slip from his left eye as he knelt next to the man who had been his idol all of his life. Jacob was lying there with his lifeless eyes staring up at the ceiling. Thomas reached out a hand and closed his father’s eyes, as tears really started flowing down his cheeks. He knew then, no matter how much they moved, as long as the twins were living with him and Angelica, they’d never be safe. They had to find a way to send them underground to be raised safely away from them. That realization, added to the pain of the loss of his father, almost broke him as he watched his mother cry and grieve over his father.
Angelica descended the stairs with tears already sliding down her cheeks from the amount of losses. When she reached Thomas’ side and saw Jacob’s body, she broke. Falling to her knees, she wrapped her arms around her mate sobbing loudly.
“We have to find someplace safe to hide them. We can’t keep them with us anymore my love.” Thomas said in a low pain-filled voice. It tore him up inside to say those words to his mate, but he knew they were true and he knew she knew it as well.
“There’s nowhere safe for them.” Angelica sobbed.
“I’ll take them. We’ll bind their powers for now and I’ll take them.” Marie said, looking up at her son and daughter-in-law with red swollen eyes.
Both Thomas and Angelica could see the madness beginning to form in her and didn’t have to discuss it to know neither of them would agree to allow her to raise their daughters, by herself, now that Jacob was gone. She might end up killing them herself in a fit of rage or insanity.
“Mother, you need time to mourn. We can’t and won’t ask this of you.” Thomas said in a voice that wouldn’t allow her to argue with him.
“What about Anna and Patrick? Maybe they could take the girls for us?” Angelica asked in a sudden hopeful voice. She’d trust her sister with her life.
“Call them now. Make sure they know, by doing this, they are leaving behind everything they know and love until the girls are old enough and ready to know their true heritage.” Thomas told her in a grim voice. Angelica nodded as she moved into Jacob’s study and picked up the phone to make the call. Thomas made his way up the stairs to say good bye to his beautiful daughters. His heart was shredded into a million pieces over the choice they’d been forced to make on this night. It felt like it would never be whole again.
He cuddled each girl next to his heart, one by one, telling each of them how much he loved and adored her. He promised they would be back together as a family someday and he would make sure that happened, if it was the last thing he did. He was doing his best to hold it together when Angelica walked into the room and wrapped her arms around their girls and Thomas.
“They will be here in about an hour. They understand what has to be done. I instructed the maids to pack everything of importance to the girls up, while we perform the binding ceremony.” She said in a voice that was almost cold. He knew the events of the past year had driven her to build this wall to protect herself. He vowed he would break it down again, long before it was time for the girls to come home.
Nodding, Angelica carried Cora and Thomas carried Viola down the stairs and out of the house to the amphitheater used for council ceremonies and meetings. They sat the girls down in the section where the sun and moon overlapped each other and both of them stood on the moon. Chanting the words in the moonlight, the girls’ powers were bound with tears of heartache and rage pouring down the cheeks of their parents.
Anna walked into the amphitheater just as they finished the ceremony. Picking up Viola, Angelica rushed over to meet her sister.
“Take good care of them. Don’t let anything happen to them. Make sure they know how much we love and adore them every single day of their lives, even though we can’t be with them. Promise me, Anna.” Angelica said as she cradled Viola to her chest and Thomas joined them with Cora.
“I promise you, your daughters will want for nothing. I will care for them as if they were my own.” Anna promised, as they all walked to her car together.
The last time Angelica and Thomas saw their beautiful blessings for daughters, was just before Patrick pulled the loaded car away from the house, taking their hearts along with them. They knew that their lives would never be whole again until the wonderful day that Cora and Viola were brought home, to once again be a family with them.
Grasping each other’s hands, they gazed into each other’s red, swollen, tear-filled eyes and vowed that they would make their family whole again, no matter what it took for that to happen. If they had seen the evil smile of glee that crossed Anna’s face as the car turned the corner away from their house, both Thomas and Angelica would have immediately realized they’d made the biggest mistake of their daughters’ lives.

Epilogue
Seventeen years later…
“It’s time.” Angelica insisted as she picked at her food.
“I’m not sure they’re ready. I want them home too, but not at the expense of their lives.” Thomas argued with Angelica.
“They’re our daughters!” She yelled, dropping her fork down onto the plate with a loud clatter, as her green eyes blazed. “They belong here with us and they’re more than old enough to handle regaining their powers and fulfilling the prophecy. If you keep being stubborn about this, they won’t be ready in time.”
“Calm down. We will bring them home very soon. I need to make sure everything is in place to keep them safe before we do though. I miss them too.” Thomas said, his voice full of sorrow and longing that made Angelica regret yelling at him as tears filled her eyes.
“It’s been too long, far, far, too long.” Angelica said in a soft voice full of pain.
“We did what we had to do to keep them safe.” He reminded her, although she could hear the doubt in his voice.
“I know we did. My heart has been broken since the day Anna and Patrick drove away with them. It’s past time to bring our baby girls home, where they belong, with us.” She said with a tear streaking down her cheek.
Thomas reached up and brushed the tear away with the pad of his thumb.
“We will when the time is right. I promise you that we will bring them home.” Thomas whispered to her, his voice filled with the same aching pain as his mate’s.
Angelica sighed and gave up arguing with him. He was so stubborn she didn’t know what to do. She didn’t know why she felt so strongly about them needing to come home now, but something in her gut was gnawing at her, telling her they were in danger.
As she scooted her chair back from the table, she wondered if someone had discovered their location and was planning to go after them. She prayed she could break through Thomas’ stubborn wall before something else happened and it was too late. She’d told him about her feelings and how they kept getting stronger by the day. He’d blown it off as her being female and emotional, which irritated her to no end.
Walking out of the room, she headed for their room so she could make some calls and try to get an update on the safety of their daughters. Thomas didn’t know it, but she frequently called Anna and checked up on their girls. It ripped her heart out not having them there, with them, under the same roof.
*****
It took everything Thomas had inside of him to stay seated at the table and not go after Angelica when she’d left the room so upset. He knew she checked on the girls often and that she was probably on her way to do just that right now. He clenched his fists on the table because it broke his heart having to hold off bringing their girls home to them, where they belonged, more than even she knew.
Pushing his own chair back, he stood and went into his study, closing the door behind him. He went over to his desk and opened the top drawer, where the latest report from their mole inside their enemy’s operation had sent with “urgent” written several times over the front and back of the package. It had been delivered to him right before dinner, so he’d placed it in the drawer so he could enjoy the meal with his mate, before handling whatever business had to be attended to.
Sitting down, he opened the padded envelope and slid the stack of papers out. He leaned back in his chair as he read, with growing horror, the events that were planned for the following night, June 21st. He knew Anna hadn’t been the ideal choice for someone to watch over their girls, but he’d hoped that since they were her nieces she would take care of them as if they were her own. It seemed their faith and trust had been badly misplaced.
Picking up the phone, he made a quick call to put immediate plans into motion to get the girls away from Anna and Patrick and bring them home, to the protection of their parents. After a few terse commands on the phone, he replaced the receiver and closed his eyes, waiting for one of his best men to join him in his office.
Less than five minutes later there was a knock on the door to his study.
“Enter.” He called out, the stress obvious in his voice.
“You have an urgent mission for me sir?” Liam said as he entered and closed the door behind himself.
“Yes, I just received intelligence that shows my daughters are in grave danger tomorrow night. I need you to put together a small team, draw up an extraction plan and bring all of it back here to me by morning for approval. All of the information you’ll need is right here in these files.” Thomas told him in a clipped voice.
“Yes sir.” Liam said, nodding and reaching out his hand for the files.
“I am entrusting you with their lives. Make sure nothing happens to them.” Thomas told him and Liam could not miss the veiled threat behind Thomas’ words.
“I will guard them with my life sir. By dinner tomorrow, your daughters will be home with you and Angelica. I give you my word.” Liam swore and Thomas nodded his head. Knowing he’d been dismissed, Liam turned and left the office, mentally preparing himself for a long night and the most important mission of his life the following day.

Where to Find the Author
Cheryl Davis can be found and contacted online at:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/CherylDavisAuthor
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CherylDavis04
Author Website and Blog: http://authorcheryldavis.weebly.com/
Email: cdavis04author@gmail.com

About the Author
Cheryl Davis is a wife and stay at home mother to two sons and two daughters who grew up in Akron, OH and eventually settled down on the Central Coast of California. She’s always had a love of reading and had a creative spark inside of her. She’s very active in arts & crafts. Creating things and stories is a huge part of who she is as a person.
Cheryl’s always had a bug to want to tell the stories of the characters that were always churning around inside of her head but never really thought that she’d be able to get those stories out into the world until she found indie publishing. The more research that she did, the more the idea to actually give her characters their spotlights grew until she just had to write.

Cora’s Kismet
The Twin Destinies Saga Book One
Life was bad enough for twins, Cora and Viola Daniels, when suddenly their world was turned upside down.
When Liam Anderson shows up to save Cora and Viola from their situation, and to bring them back into their true family fold, Cora knows that there’s something special about him.
As she and her twin are being chased down by their, now former, guardians, Cora is finding out more and more about herself that she knew nothing about. Suddenly, they have loving parents, bound powers and a prophecy to fulfill, but first they have to find their soul mates that will help them through it all. All of this has to take place before their 18th birthday, which is only six months away.
Racing against time and deadly enemies, will Cora find her mate in Liam, or will all be lost? Will she be able to find herself in this new world and make it to the ceremony that will restore her powers, or will their enemies win, putting the world’s future at stake?

Viola’s Risk
The Twin Destinies Saga Book Two
Coming February 2014
Viola had no idea that the guy she’d met when she was kidnapped was meant to be her mate when she’d felt the electricity between them. Being back home with her family, she’s torn apart by loyalty to do the right thing and someone who’s allied with their enemies.
Unable to get him out of her mind, she tries to find a way to bring him safely into her world away from their enemies. Feeling like she cannot confide in her sister or parents, Viola feels alone in a way that she’d never felt before until he shows up at her parents’ house and turns everything upside down.
Will she be able to save him from their mutual enemies or will fate tear them apart before they have a chance to complete their mating ceremony and move closer to fulfilling the prophecy they they’re destined for?

Crush

Book 1
The Crush Saga

by Chrissy Peebles
Copyright © 2013 by Chrissy Peebles

Editor: Autumn J. Conley


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in, or introduced into a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

A huge thanks to Autumn Conley, my editor.

Visit the Author’s Blog at: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/

Connect with the Author on Facebook at: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=vb.351121651567296&type=2#!/pages/Chrissy-Peebles/351121651567296








His precious touch could prove deadly…

When Taylor Sparks moves from New York City to Big Bear Lake, California; her life is forever changed when she meets a hot guy with winter-blue eyes named Jesse. Their attraction is instant, the chemistry undeniable. But sadly, things aren't adding up. Taylor wonders what her 'crush' is hiding. When her new friend, Fred tells her his suspicions about Jesse being a paranormal creature, Taylor laughs. But when Fred turns up dead, she believes every warning he ever told her.

Taylor is shocked to learn that Big Bear Lake isn't just glittering lakes, towering pines, and breathtaking mountains...there's more...way more than meets the eye.

Will Taylor dive into a paranormal world she knows nothing about? To be with the one her heart can’t live without?

The Crush Saga Book Trailer: http://youtu.be/4eMF8KXEUc4
Chapter 1
Big Bear Lake, California is located in a lush green valley, surrounded by mountains and the towering pines, sparkling streams, wildlife, and hidden lakes of the San Bernardino National Forest. We’d just moved into a cute, two-story brick house along the south shore of Big Bear Lake, a beautiful, quaint little home left to us by my grandmother when she’d passed away. She’d spent her whole life in the house and had loved it, so my parents thought it would be fantastic to dump our city life and move out to the smog-free middle of nowhere, where we could get lost in the peace and quiet tranquility. It wasn’t the easiest place to get to, and only three roads led in and out of the valley.
My parents loved the solitude because they were writers. My father wrote mystery thrillers, and Mom penned romance novels. They hated the hustle, bustle, and noise of the city and were sure they’d be better able to concentrate out in the peaceful wilderness. “It’ll be a fresh start for all of us,” my mother assured me just after my bad breakup with my boyfriend, “a very healthy experience all around.”
I wasn’t sure, though, if I could so easily adjust to the simple life after living in New York City, but once we got there, I loved the place. It was a far cry different, going from honking taxicabs and towering buildings to honking geese and towering trees, but I knew my mother was right; it would be the perfect spot to forget about my depressing love life.
I had two brothers and one sister, but they had already moved out of the house, so now I was virtually an only child, with the two most wonderful parents. We were a loving, close-knit family, and I couldn’t have been more thankful for that.
It was only June when we moved in, so I had almost the whole summer to get used to California and my new home before school started. I carried in the last heavy box to my cluttered room; everything was a mess. I bit my lip hard as I looked around at all the boxes and bags, knowing there was no way I’d get everything unpacked and put in its place in one night.
My mother pushed through the maze of boxes, toppling them everywhere. “Pizza’s here.”
It was past lunchtime, and my stomach rumbled. My German shepherd pranced around in a circle and barked.
“Mom,” I said, “Max needs to be walked first.”
She brushed her hair behind her ear and smiled. “Go ahead and take him out, then, but don’t wander off too far.”
I kissed her cheek. “Of course not.”
She pointed to my eyes. “What’s with the dark circles?”
“Uh…I’m sure it’s just makeup, or maybe just because I’ve been getting absolutely no sleep?”
“It’s your makeup,” she said, smiling. “You look like a raccoon.”
“See? I’ll fit right in with the wildlife out here.”
My mom laughed. “Well, maybe the raccoons can adopt you. They’re nocturnal too.”
“I just can’t sleep at night. I can’t help it.”
She wrapped her arm around me. “Is this about the breakup with Sean? Honey, it’s been six months. Remember what we talked about? We’re here for a new beginning, a fresh start.”
“I know,” I said, wincing because the whole thing still hurt.
Sean had dumped me out of the blue, and getting dumped sucked, no matter the reason. I had given him my heart, and he had trampled all over it. The breakup absolutely blinded me, and I didn’t see it coming when he called me and said, “Taylor, this just isn’t working for me anymore.”
I knew it was time for me to move on with my life, with whatever grace and dignity I could muster. We’d both made mistakes in the relationship, and neither one of us were perfect by a long run. Still, I refused to let that relationship define who I was. Just because we didn’t work out and clearly weren’t meant for each other, that didn’t mean things wouldn’t work out with someone else in the future. My friends set me up on stupid dates that never worked out, and I wondered if I’d ever find the “spark” again. For the time being, I decided I was done with guys. I was just going to enjoy my fresh start and focus on my passion, painting. The yard was overrun with weeds and vegetation, but my dad had hired someone to fix it up, and when he was finished, it would be the perfect place for me to pursue my art.
I threw my black, curly hair into a messy ponytail, then slid my feet into my white tennis shoes. I wore a white t-shirt and my favorite pair of skinny jeans that hugged my curves so tight they felt like a second skin. I’d washed them so many times that they were faded and super soft, form-fitting in all the right places. The right knee had a large rip in it, but that only gave them originality. Silver and leather bracelets dangled from each of my wrists, and silver rings adorned my fingers. I looked into the mirror and wiped the smeared eyeliner from underneath my brown eyes, then headed outside.
It was so beautiful there. Our yard was surrounded by towering trees that stretched high into the sky. The birds chirped, the sun shone on my face, and a cool breeze ruffled my hair. I loved my back yard woods. Inhaling the clean air, I smiled. I’m really going to enjoy my fresh start here…and so is Max, I thought as the dog explored the back yard, fascinated and intrigued by all the new smells and sounds.
Suddenly, Max’s ears shot back, as if he had noticed an animal in the woods. Peering closer, I glimpsed a whitetail deer sipping from a puddle. My heart melted at the sight of the adorable animal. Max’s bark scared it almost to death, and the poor animal darted off into the vegetation. He wasn’t used to all that natural wildlife, but I knew he was going to love it there as much as I was, if not more. He barked fiercely, then suddenly bolted through the trees, deeper into the woods, and I guessed he was chasing the deer. I decided then and there that I’d have to keep him on a leash.
“Max!” I yelled. “Come back!”
He didn’t listen.
I glanced back at the house, wondering if I should get my parents for help. The woods and its inhabitants scared me, but I debated on what I should do. Finally, I decided to just go a little ways into the woods, but I did—if only for a brief second—wonder what the chances were that I’d run into a bear.
I stepped through the vegetation and took a tentative step. Glancing around, I didn’t see Max, so I called for him a few times, only to get no response. When I heard a bark in the distance, I took off through the woods that surrounded our property. I pushed aside some green vegetation and glanced ahead and could finally see my beloved and ornery pet. “Max!” I shouted. “Come back!”
He gave me the dog version of the I-see-you-but-I-don’t-care look, then started sniffing the ground.
As I walked toward where he was, I seriously considered obedience classes. A thorn grazed my skin, and I bit my lip to stave off the pain. I swore I’d never let that cantankerous canine off the leash again.
I stumbled left and tripped over a pile of termite-ridden, moss-covered, rotting logs, then burst through more towering ferns. Max disappeared into the thick vegetation once again. I couldn’t see him anywhere, but I could still hear him barking. Panting, I spun in a slow circle. I was afraid if I went in any deeper, I’d get lost, but I couldn’t just desert my best friend.
The snap of a twig behind me, followed by the unmistakable crunch of dried leaves, halted me mid step, and I strained to listen. Was that...Max?
The snap of another twig drifted through the forest.
I peered around the trees and high grass. “Max?” I yelled. “C’mere, boy.”
Silence.
I swept an uneasy glance around the trees, my senses on full alert, and I whistled. “Here, Max! C’mon, boy. Let’s go home.”
The singing of crickets and chirping of birds was my only reply.
I jumped, startled, as a sudden flash of tan glinted to my left. I flinched. For a split second, I saw amber-colored eyes in the foliage. Panic struck me; I was sure it was some kind of wild animal. I worried that Max might have been attacked, and I knew one bite to the throat might prove fatal. I grabbed a long, sturdy stick. It wasn’t much of a weapon, but I’d be able to poke those yellow eyes out if their owner came after me.
A menacing growl broke the silence. My heart thudded against my ribcage, and a shiver swept over my skin. Running after Max had been a dumb idea. My dad had warned me about black bears, coyotes, mountain lions, and bobcats. He hadn’t said anything about tigers, but it was still quite the oh-my situation.
Whatever the creature was that I’d seen, it had already seen me, so I knew there was no use hiding. I had to call for Max again, as I couldn’t possibly leave until I knew he was okay. “Max!” I yelled, pointing the stick at the eyes peering out from the vegetation, ready to fight with every ounce of strength I had.
Finally, Max burst through the thick plants, and I clutched my heart and let out a sigh of relief when I saw that he was unharmed. He immediately took a protective stance in front of me and starting growling and barking at whatever was in those ferns. Given the fight-or-flight choice, I was sure the best course of action was to slowly sneak backward and get the heck outta there.
When the ferns parted, I gasped. I was face to face with a mountain lion, and when it let out its bloodcurdling signature roar, my heart began to pound in my chest like a high school marching band.
I turned around quickly, only to bump into a guy who looked to be about my age. He was so scorching hot that if I had wet my finger with my tongue and touched him, his chest would have steamed and sizzled. He instinctively pushed me behind him as if to protect me, then started shouting and throwing sticks at the big cat. I joined in with some noise of my own, and in an instant, the mountain lion fled into the grass.
The beautiful stranger eyed me up and down, warmth and empathy radiating from the depths of his glare. “Are you okay?”
Those gorgeous, winter-blue eyes hypnotized me, and I was pulled into his hold with one look. My breath had never literally been taken away before, but I was absolutely suffocating under the power of his stare, and my knees began to shake. “I-I…” The butterflies that had landed in my stomach in fear of the cat were now turning flirty summersaults. My eyes slid up his towering body, gliding over his high cheekbones and the dark stubble shading his sharp jaw. He was definitely tall, dark, and handsome, and even if it was quite cliché of me to be so taken by him, I felt like I’d been struck by lightning. I’d never been face to face with somebody so beautiful and angelic. He was the kind of guy who I thought only existed in movies, as if a Calvin Klein model had stepped down off of one of those big, delicious billboards for a hike through the woods.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” he said when my stutter never turned into a complete answer. He didn’t fidget or stumble for words like I did whenever I was standing in front of a gorgeous stranger. Rather, his cool confidence spoke volumes to me, as if he was used to girls throwing themselves at him, which I was just about to do.
My breath froze in my throat, and my stomach clenched. I’d never been so drawn to anyone before, never so instantly, so madly attracted. I couldn’t stop staring at his messy tangle of dark hair, that tousled, just-out-of-bed look that I loved and found so sexy. From his piercing blue eyes to his strong, chiseled jaw to his handsome face, he was absolutely godlike, even if he was only dressed in a black t-shirt and blue jeans. I took a deep breath to try to calm down, but it felt as if time had stopped.
When our eyes locked, we seemed lost in each other’s gaze, oblivious to anything else. I was fixated on his piecing stare, and the explosive chemistry between us was absolutely undeniable.
My ex had told me that sexual attraction and chemistry couldn’t possibly be planned, that it was something that would just happen naturally. I knew, standing there looking at this new guy, that he wasn’t lying. I had never felt like that with my old boyfriend. I couldn’t even explain the uncontrollable force that was drawing me to him like a moth to flame. When he looked at me with that sexy smile on his face, I’d never felt so desirable, so wanted, and I wanted to jump into his strong embrace. He was a smoldering hot hunk, and I couldn’t believe I had his attention.
“Is everything okay?” he asked a third time, snapping me back into reality.
My mouth dropped, and it took a minute for my brain to function. “Uh, huh? Oh yeah. I’m, um…I’m fine,” I babbled, as if that big cat had my tongue.
He stepped forward and looked off into the vegetation. “It’s gone for now, but you must be careful of predators out here.” He met my gaze straight on. “Predators are always on the prowl. They’ll stalk their prey until an opportunity arrives to pounce, then go for the neck with a fatal bite.”
“I know. The thought of anything biting me anywhere kind of freaks me out.”
“If you are not all right with fangs piercing your skin, you definitely shouldn’t be out here.”
“You’re right. Let’s get outta here before the big kitty comes back.”
He stared deeply into my eyes. “It won’t.”
Max growled at the handsome stranger, then began to bark.
A bit embarrassed that I didn’t have my dog under better control, I patted the furry beast’s head and said, “Don’t worry. He doesn’t bite.”
“Well, tell him that I do.”
We both burst out in laughter; his ice-breaker had worked.
Nevertheless, even with my soothing tone and gentle touch, Max still continued.
“Max!” I scolded. “Knock it off, boy.”
“Don’t blame Max. It’s not his fault. All dogs hate me. It’s their natural instinct.”
“Nah, he’s just protective and loyal, that’s all. You’re still a stranger to him, and he is trying to look after me.” I glanced around, still rattled by the mountain lion. “We’d better go, just in case that snarling menace comes back looking for dessert.”
“Like I said, it’s not coming back,” he said sternly, then shifted his powerful stance. “It caught a whiff of my scent. It fears me, just like your dog does.”
“You mean it’s afraid of shouting humans?”
“The shouting, yes.”
I laughed. “So you’re telling me that big lion is scared of our little voices?”
He stared at me with those dazzling blue eyes and changed the subject. “Do you always hike unprepared?”
“No. It was an unintended hike. My dog took off,” I said, “and I had to find him.”
“At the very least, you should carry pepper spray to ward off bears.”
“I don’t see you sporting a can,” I said with a chuckle.
He smirked. “I don’t need it. I can fight off a black bear with my bare hands.”
I smiled. “All right, Davy Crockett.”
He grinned right back at me, nearly melting me where I stood. “But all joking aside, you shouldn’t be out here. As I said, these woods are full of hungry predators.”
I shot him a flirty look. “Well, then it’s a good thing I’m safe here with you.”
I didn’t know what had come over me, but something had. Where are these wild emotions even coming from? I’d never been so bold and daring. It wasn’t like me at all, but I couldn’t keep the words and the girly giggles from coming out of my mouth. I couldn’t explain it, but there was some hot, intense, intoxicating connection between us. The attraction was sizzling, but I didn’t have the guts to ask him out or for his phone number. I didn’t even know if I was his type or not, if he even liked brunettes with frizzy, curly hair and chocolate-brown eyes. For all I knew, he was only into boob-job bleach blondes, and that most definitely wasn’t me.
“You don’t know a thing about me,” he said. “What makes you think you’re safe in my hands?”
“Are you saying I should fear you more than that mountain lion?” I asked. “Maybe I should be carrying more than pepper spray, if that’s the case.”
“What I’m saying is that you need to be careful. Seemingly nice guys cannot always be trusted,” he said, glancing down at the growling Max.
I smiled. “Are you a nice guy?”
His face lit up, and he grinned again. “I suppose there’s only one way to find out.”
I took the bait and engaged him. “And, pray tell, how’s that?”
Suddenly, his gorgeous grin faded, and worry flashed across his features. He began to dart his eyes around from tree to tree, shrub to shrub, and he listened so intently that I could have sworn his ears perked up like a dog’s.
Max started to bark and snap at the air, but when I peered into the foliage and thick brush, I couldn’t see a thing.
“They’re back,” he whispered, then pointed to Max. “Please keep him quiet.”
They? I thought, worried that he was talking about more than one mountain lion. As he suggested, I patted Max’s head and tried my best to calm him, but it didn’t help.
Finally, Mr. Mysterious knelt down and petted Max. “Shh, boy.”
Much to my surprise, Max immediately quit barking.
The handsome stranger then placed his hand on my lower back and briskly led me in the direction of our house. He gently tapped Max’s head. “Go home.”
Obediently, Max bolted off.
When the house was in view, I glanced over my shoulder to thank my escort, but he was gone, as quickly and mysteriously as he’d shown up in the first place. I squinted and looked through the dark spaces between the trees, but he was nowhere in sight, as if he’d just vanished into thin air. Who is he? I wondered. Where does he live? Gosh, I’m an idiot. I didn’t even get his name. Shaking my head at my foolishness, I walked to the back door and opened it.
“There you are. What took so long, sweetheart?” my mom asked. “And I know you didn’t stay in the back yard like I told you to.”
I pointed in the direction of where I’d come from. “I saw a mountain lion.”
My dad immediately pulled me into a tight hug, then stepped back from me and began inspecting me from head to toe. “Are you okay?”
I sighed. “I’m fine, Dad. Max ran off, and I just—”
“You weren’t supposed to go in the woods,” he said firmly.
“What was I supposed to do? I had to find Max.”
“You shouldn’t go out there alone. You could have hollered for me, and I would have gone with you.”
“It would’ve only taken a minute to get me or your dad,” my mom said.
“I didn’t know he was gonna go so deep into the woods, or I would have,” I said.
My dad’s brown gaze narrowed. “Are you sure it was a bobcat you saw?”
“Positive. I just took off running and—”
“Taylor,” my father pushed, “if that was a bobcat or mountain lion, its natural instinct would be to chase you. Never run. Just yell, shout, and make yourself look bigger.”
“Yeah, I know, but I panicked, I guess. Still, it didn’t chase me.”
“I don’t want you going out there alone again,” my mom said, as if I was five years old.
Dad handed me a plate with two slices of pizza on it. “Well, you’re safe now, so sit down and eat.”
I tried to calm my breathing. I didn’t have the guts to tell them I’d met a man in the woods and that he had saved me from the mountain lion. My stomach was tangled in knots. “Thanks, Dad, but I’m not really hungry. I think I’ll just go unpack a few boxes.”
“All right. I guess you have had quite a day,” Mom chimed in. “We’ll save your pizza, and you can just microwave it later if you get hungry.”
“Thanks.”
On my way upstairs, I glanced out the window but didn’t see anything unusual.
Later that night, when the moon began to shine and the crickets began to chirp and the wind began to whisper through the treetops, I thought about my mysterious stranger. The entire scene played out in my head over and over again in my dreams, and when I woke up the next morning, his beautiful face was on my mind. I had to find him, to see him again, if only once more, and to put a name to the beautiful face that I knew would linger in my mind for a long, long time.


Chapter 2
“Taylor,” my mother called, “we’re going to the lake to fish and take a paddleboat ride. C’mon, dear!”
“Can I stay and unpack?” I asked.
“No, we’re all going.”
I blew out a breath. “But I don’t want to fish,” I whined, far more interested in reeling in the mysterious hottie from the woods.
“Then you can try to get a tan. It’s supposed to be warm and sunny today.”
I gazed at the leaning tower of boxes that rivaled the one in Pisa. “How am I supposed to find my bathing suit in this mess?”
“I’ve got an extra you can borrow.” She chuckled. “But I must warn you that it has a skirt.”
“Mom!” I laughed and shook my head.
She smiled. “Besides, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
My mouth dropped. “No way. Tell me you’re not trying to set me up, especially not while I’m wearing a swimsuit that makes me look like a nun.”
“Honey, it’s nothing like that. I met a friend, and she has a daughter your age. I was thinking you two could hang out. She’s new in town too.”
“Oh,” I said. “It’d be nice to have a friend around here. But let me look for my own bathing suit. I think I might know what box it’s in, now that I think about it.”
“Great. We’re leaving in a couple hours.”
Knock!
When I answered my door, a guy my age with short brown hair and piercing green eyes looked at me. He shot me a grin, and I smiled back. He wasn’t as built as the guy in the forest, but he was definitely a cutie, dressed like a jock in a t-shirt, shorts, and Nikes. I couldn’t fathom why this guy was standing in my doorway.
“Hi,” I said. “Is there something I can help you with?”
“Your dad hired me to do some yard work.”
I suddenly remembered that my dad had told me that, but I had no idea the landscaper would be so young and attractive; I’d expected a short, balding man in a grubby old flannel shirt and clunky boots. “Oh, okay. Let me get him for you.” I called for him, and he came to the door.
“This is Fred,” Dad introduced. “He’s going to give our back yard a makeover.”
“It can sure use one,” I said, smiling at Fred. “I can give you a hand if—”
“No way,” my father interrupted. “The last time you helped, the yard looked…well, let’s just say that yard work isn’t your forte, honey.”
Just then, my mom opened the door and peeked out. “Fred, would you like to come to the beach with us?”
Not wanting to be rude, my dad just cleared his throat and looked at her in disbelief. He was paying Fred well to do a job, and he didn’t expect it to be put off. “We’ve gotta get this jungle under control, dear,” he said, looking a bit harshly at her. “I think the sooner Fred gets started, the better.”
“One more day isn’t going to hurt anything,” my mother said. “Let him come with us. He can deal with the yard tomorrow.”
“Is it going to really hurt living in the Amazon one more day?” I asked.
Dad wrinkled his brow at me, then at Mom, refusing to relent. “Taylor, you go on and finish getting ready for the beach. Fred, please come with me so I can show you what we need done.”
Fred’s green eyes sparkled like emeralds. “See ya later, Taylor.”
I waved. “Bye. It was nice to meet you.”
I watched intently as my dad talked his ear off with all his big plans for the yard. Fred sneaked a look over his shoulder and smiled. I grinned back, then watched my dad escort him to the other side of the house. Once they were out of sight, I went back upstairs to my room to finish packing for the beach.
* * *
While I stayed on the beach for some sun and fun, Mom and Dad went fishing not too far away. I spread out a colorful towel, applied plenty of Coppertone, and slipped on a pair of sunglasses, then lay down on my back to soak up all the sun I could. My gold bikini left little to the imagination, including more cleavage than my dad was a fan of, but I figured he needed to face the fact I was growing up and was not his little girl anymore. It didn’t really matter anyway, because there were so few people on the beach that one would have thought shark warnings had been posted. I just enjoyed the solitude and the warm rays and listened to the birds and gulls soaring overhead.
“Taylor?” a girl’s voice said.
I sat up and grinned. “Yep, that’s me.”
A tall blonde in a tie-dyed bathing suit, with a large, striped beach bag over her shoulder, was holding her hand out for a shake. “I’m Julie. I’ve been dying to meet you. Mom tells me we’re the same age, in the same grade. I just moved here last week, and I don’t know a soul.”
I shook her hand and smiled. “That makes two of us.”
She smiled, then spread out her own beach towel, adjusted her sunglasses, and politely asked, “If you don’t mind, I’m gonna catch some rays too.”
“Sounds like a plan,” I said. I lay back down and turned my head in her direction. “Where do you live?”
“Not far from you. My parents split, and Mom’s—”
“Divorced?”
“You nailed it. Divorce, the future tense of marriage.”
I had to stifle a laugh, considering that her wounds were probably still fresh, but I appreciated her cynical sense of humor. “I’m sorry,” I said.
“It’s fine, and I’ll be fine too. I always bounce back. It’s like I have nine lives. My dad got remarried and lives in Washington, and Mom got a job as a manager for Sleepy Forest Cottages. Where do your parents work?”
“In their pajamas sometimes,” I said.
“Huh?”
“Heh. They work from home. They’re authors, so for them, this place is like a writers’ retreat, the perfect inspiration.”
“Oh. Well, that’s pretty cool.”
“I guess. They met at a writing conference and have been inseparable ever since. I guess you could call it love at first write,” I said with a smile.
She laughed. “Fairytale perfect, huh?”
“Well…sometimes. But speaking of fairytales,” I said, “I think I met Prince Charming.”
She lifted her glasses up and smiled. “Really? Where? Is he a lifeguard or something?” she asked, looking around.
“Not that I know of—at least not in the traditional sense. Yesterday, my dog Max took off into the woods, and when I ran in there to get him, I bumped into this super hot guy.”
“Whoa!” She lifted a brow. “A hot forest boy, huh?”
Just then, another vision of the Greek god flashed through my head, his black hair wafting in the wind like some majestic stallion’s mane. I grinned as I imagined the intimate touch of his lips on mine.
“Hello? Earth to Taylor,” Julie said, snapping me out of my trance.
“Oh…sorry. I was just thinking about him. He was just so…hot. ”
“Do tell.”
I lifted my sunglasses off my face. “Smokin’…really.”
She furrowed a brow. “As in…sizzling?”
I grinned. “Smoldering.”
“What’s his name?” she asked.
“Um…that’s the thing. I don’t know.”
“What!? You mean to tell me this gorgeous creature was standing right there in front of you, and you didn’t even find out who he is?
“Well, we talked for a few minutes, and I felt this amazing connection. I guess I was so caught up in the moment that I just didn’t think to ask.”
“You know what that was, don’t ya?”
“What?”
“Chemistry.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“So lemme get this straight. You met some hot guy who took your breath away, and you didn’t even get his name? Do you even know where he’s from?”
“You mean besides Heaven?”
She laughed. “Oh my gosh, that’s soooo corny.”
I laughed back at her. “I don’t know.”
She shot me a look like I was crazy. “Why didn’t you ask?”
“Well, there were mountain lions, and—”
“Mountain lions, as in plural?”
“Yeah. Why?”
She lifted a finger. “Clue number one. Mr. Wonderful doesn’t know much about the wildlife around here. I read up on it. Mountain lions travel alone.”
“Hmm. That’s odd. When we were out there, after we scared one lion away, my dog started acting funny, and he said, ‘They’re back’.”
“Only mothers and kittens live in groups, and I doubt a mama bobcat would come back with her babies. What happened after that?”
“He seemed jumpy and rushed me back home, then took off. When I glanced over my shoulder, he was gone.”
“Hmm. He does sound mysterious. I’ll keep out an eye for him. What does he look like?”
“He’s gorgeous.”
“Yeah, you already said that. What else?”
“Well, he has black hair to his shoulders.” I smiled even wider, recalling every detail of his features. “And he’s got these big, bright blue eyes, almost like he was wearing those colored contacts.”
“You mean, like, pastel or a piercing shade of bright blue?”
“I don’t know, exactly. When I was a kid, there was this crayon in my box of Crayolas that was called Periwinkle. It was kind of like that, the rarest eye color I’ve ever seen. It was the lightest blue ever, as blue as the sky. I don’t know who he is, but I’ve gotta find out.”
“So you’re calling dibs on the hottest guy on town already? Gee, I sure hope he has a brother.”
“I’m not even sure if he lives here,” I said.
“What would make you think otherwise?”
“Well, you said yourself that he made a mistake about the mountain lions. It seems like a local would know better. Maybe he was just hiking and is staying in one of the hotels.”
“Was he dressed like a hiker? Did he have a backpack and gear and hiking boots?”
“No, none of that.”
“Hmm. I do love a good mystery. We’ve gotta find your hunky hottie and see if he’s got an equally smoldering brother.”
I laughed. “And how are we supposed to do that? Stalk the resorts, hotels, and cabins?”
“No. I have a better idea. This guy named Jed is throwing a party tonight at his cabin. Lucky for us, I got invited. If this mysterious guy is a local, I’m sure he’ll be there.”
“And if he doesn’t show up?”
“Then we move on to Plan B.”
“Which is?”
“Stalking the resorts, hotels, and cabins.”
“Man, that’s gonna suck.”
She rolled on her stomach to get some sun on her back. “Yep. If he’s a tourist, he’ll most likely be here for no more than a week or two. But even if he leaves, I’m sure there are other cute guys around here somewhere.”
“I don’t want another cute guy. I want him.”
“Picky, picky, picky! When you show up tonight, make sure you look good. Wear something cute. If he happens to be there and he’s single, maybe you’ll snag him. At least you can find out his name this time.”
“Right,” I said and gave my new friend a fist bump.
“I need to meet somebody to forget about my ex,” she said.
“Yeah, I know the feeling. I did meet another guy who’s pretty cute,” I said.
“Wow. What are you, a guy magnet? How’d you meet that one? And don’t blame your dog.”
“He knocked on my door.”
She laughed. “Hey! How come I don’t have that kind of luck?”
“My dad hired him to do some yard work. His name is Fred.”
“So introduce me,” she said.
“I will.”
“Unless you want him.”
“Nah, he’s a cutie all right, but I’m all hung up on Mr. Blue Eyes. Fred’s are jade green, kinda like yours.”
“Well, anything to get my mind off my ex,” Julie said.
“My love life isn’t so great either. I was dumped about six months ago. Sean said we didn’t have the spark he needs.”
“Spark? The guy sounds like a jerk. Trust me, you’re better off with somebody else than a guy who’d ever say something like that to a girl. If he wants a spark, maybe somebody oughtta shove a lighter up his—”
“Hey! Gross!” I squealed, cutting her off before she made me visualize something I didn’t want to see.
She laughed, and I couldn’t help laughing too.
“Anyway, he is a jerk, like you said. He had a girlfriend one day after he dumped me.”
“Idiot!”
I sighed. “Tell me about it.”
She sat up and grinned coyly, as if she was up to something naughty. “So…are you ready to forget about him and have some fun?”
“Definitely.”
“Good. I’ll pick you up tonight. Mom already told me where you live. Is seven okay?”
“I’ll be ready and waiting.”
“Cool. And look, Taylor, if your fiery forest friend isn’t there, don’t worry about it. I’ve got a feeling there won’t be a shortage of hotties around here—or at least I hope there won’t.”
I smirked. “I’ve got a feeling we’re going to be really good friends,” I said, and I knew it was the truth.


Chapter 3
Julie’s bright blonde hair was in long, beautiful waves, and her green eyes really popped, thanks to the brown eyeshadow she’d chosen. She was dressed in tight black pants, and her black, glittery shirt sparkled from a mile away.
“You do know we’re going to a party in the woods, right?” I said.
“Yeah. Why?”
“You look red-carpet ready.”
“Too much?” she asked.
“Maybe a tad,” I said, gesturing with my index finger and thumb.
Her eyes twinkled like green jewels. “When I get the hottest guy in the room, I’ll be sure to give you my Academy Awards speech.”
I smiled. “Love your confidence.”
“Get in.”
I pretended like I was talking into a microphone. “And the Academy Award for best dressed goes to—”
“Julie Winters!” she said with a laugh.
When she pulled into the driveway of our destination, my jaw dropped. For some reason, I had pictured a cottage in the woods, but the place was far from that. Instead, it was a huge, fancy cabin with a spacious deck and bay windows all around.
“Are you ready to find Prince Charming?” she asked with a huge smile.
“You know it,” I said.
She opened her compact and checked her makeup, making sure her smoky eyes were still smoky enough. “Okay. I think we’re good to go.”
Two thin girls with long hair and short skirts walked past us. They were so pretty that I felt intimidated; I was sure I had no shot with my mysterious guy while those two were in the vicinity. Swallowing hard, I pondered. He had so many girls to choose from, and I felt like a beat-up station wagon in a lot full of Benzes and Ferraris. I had never been low on confidence, but I suddenly felt as if I didn’t stand a chance with any guy, let alone the one I wanted.
“Taylor,” my new friend said, “is this the first time you’ve been out in public since your breakup?”
“Yeah, basically.” I slammed the door shut. “But you know what? He’s the last person on my mind.”
“I guarantee by the time we go home, you’ll have forgotten all about the scumbag. He doesn’t deserve to be missed.”
“I don’t think about him,” I lied.
She smirked. “Yes you do.”
“All right,” I said, “maybe just a little, but we dated for a long time, so it’s only natural to—”
She grabbed my arm. “No sad stories tonight. Let’s go.”
Glancing around the yard, I noticed beer bottles strewn everywhere. Clusters of people were sitting around outside, and one couple was making out beside a red sports car. A drunk person stumbled down the steps, and a woman in the shortest skirt and the highest heels I’d ever seen ran over to him, laughing hysterically, probably more drunk than he was.
Somebody whistled as we walked past a group of people, and I heard a man ask, “Hey, do I know you?”
“Jed invited us,” Julie said.
“Welcome to the party then,” he said. “Go on in and help yourselves to some appetizers and drinks, ladies.”
I smiled. “Thanks.”
Inside, the music was blaring, and everyone was laughing and dancing. It was hot and sticky, and the crowd was a little older than I thought; none of them looked like high school students. It reminded me of a college frat party, and I immediately wondered why Julie had even been invited.
Whether we wanted everyone’s attention or not, all eyes were on us, staring at us like we were some kind of two-headed unicorn. I swallowed hard, glancing from one open mouth to the other. Something was wrong, and I could have almost cut the tension with the proverbial knife. I wasn’t sure why they were looking at us like that, so I assumed they just weren’t expecting teenagers to show up at their older-crowd get-together.
When the chatter and laughter resumed, much to my relief, I nudged Julie. “We should leave. I don’t feel comfortable here.”
“Oh, don’t be a party-pooper,” Julie said. “Look at all these hot college guys. Maybe I’ll even snag one.”
“Really, Julie, I think it’s best we leave.”
She put her hand on her hip and turned to face me, then actually stomped her foot like a spoiled toddler. “Seriously? You wanna go back to your boring house? Let’s just have a drink and chat a little. If you still want to leave then, we will.”
I looked around uneasily and swallowed hard. “I already know I want to leave now.”
“Well, you didn’t drive.”
My lips pressed into grim lines. I didn’t like being forced into such a situation, and she knew it.
“Oh, all right. If you wanna leave, we’ll go,” she said over the loud music. “But we got all dressed up, and one drink would be nice.”
She shot me that stupid puppy dog face and stuck her bottom lip out.
Just like that, I caved. “Fine. One drink,” I said, “but then we’re heading back to your house.”
She smiled at the compromise. “I knew you’d see it my way,” she said smugly.
I was sure one drink wouldn’t kill us, but I still couldn’t wait to get out of there. The stench of smoke wafted past me, and I stepped away from the girl who was blowing at me. I jumped when another girl hurled right beside my feet. I frowned when Julie pulled me away and into the crowd.
“You ladies want a drink?” asked a blond guy in his twenties.
Julie grinned. “Sure.” When he walked away, her grin grew even wider. “See?” she said. “We fit right in.”
“I guess it’s better than sitting on the porch and listening to frogs and crickets,” I said with a shrug.
“That’s the spirit!” She suddenly grabbed my arm. “Hear that?”
What? The loud music or the roaring laughter? “Hear what?
“Only my favorite song in the whole wide world!” She started swaying her hips to the beat of the music.
The music pounded louder as the guy finally returned with our drinks.
“Thanks,” I said.
As I opened it, he slammed his bottle against mine in some kind of impromptu and uninvited toast, and beer splattered my face and started to fizz all over the place.
“Ah! What was that for?” I asked, trying to wipe my face.
He winked. “Gotta pay better attention, little girl,” he said, then began to laugh.
I didn’t see what was so funny, and in a rage, I turned to Taylor. “I’ve been here less than five minutes, and I’m already soaked with beer, smelling like a smokestack, and almost got puke on my shoes!”
She pulled me into the crowd. “Don’t pay him any mind. He’s drunk. Your shirt won’t take long to dry, and then no one will even notice. C’mon. Let’s have some fun.”
A tall guy with pretty green eyes reached for Julie, and she giggled flirtatiously as he twirled her around. “I see you love to jam,” he said, eying her up and down. “Wanna dance?”
“I’d love to,” she said. “This is my favorite song.”
“Mine too.”
She glanced at me. “Do you mind?”
I couldn’t possibly refuse to let her go because the invitation to dance with a college guy had her looking like she’d just won the lottery. I didn’t see the harm in letting her bask in the light for one dance or two. “Have fun.”
“You’re the best!” she shouted.
After she shimmied off with the green-eyed goon, I glanced around and swallowed hard again when I realized I didn’t know a soul other than her. Eager to claim my role as an unnoticed, inconspicuous wallflower, I made my way to the corner and waited for the dance to finish. I leaned against the wall, I sipped my drink.
The next song that came on was a slow love song, and I felt uncomfortable all over again, standing there by myself as couples snuggled close all around me. I decided it would be better if I made my way through the crowd and headed out to the deck for some fresh air.
Just as I spun around to leave, a towering figure with brown eyes smiled at me. He looked to be in his early twenties with short cropped hair. “What’s a pretty girl like you doing here without a date?” he asked.
“Like the old song says,” I said with a shy smile, “girls just wanna have fun.”
“Well, dancing is fun. Would you like to?” he asked.
“Sure,” I said with a shrug, as if I wasn’t flattered at all.
We danced through the slow song, which was a bit awkward with a stranger, but when the fast music came on, we danced some more. Julie and I did shots, but all in all, she drank far more than I did. After the drinks loosened me up a little, I danced with a few guys at the party and made lots of small talk as the hours waned on.
After a while, she leaned on my shoulder in a drunken stupor and slurred, “He wants me to go upstairs with him. Should I go? I mean, I’m totally turned on right now, and—”
“You’re drunk,” I said, snatching the drink out of her hand. “Consider yourself cut off,” I scolded, “and you’re definitely not going upstairs with him or anybody else on my watch.”
“What!? Why am I cut off?”
“Because you have to drive us home. I can’t drive a stick.”
“You’re right,” she said. “I’ll start trying to sober up. Besides, the last thing I need is a bad reputation already. I just got here!”
“Exactly.”
When she leaned on me with all her weight, I almost stumbled. “I’m so glad you’re here to watch out for me,” she said. “You’re my new best friend. We girls gotta stick together. And you know what?”
“What?”
“Where’s the guy who promised to bring me coffee? My head feels like there’s a thunderstorm in it.”
“I didn’t know somebody was getting you coffee.”
“Not just somebody. An angel. The caffeine angel.”
I almost laughed at her, but I didn’t feel that would be appropriate. “You’re so wasted.”
“Really, a blue-eyed angel offered to bring me a cuppajo. Blue eyes like Heaven, where he comes from.”
Wait…light blue eyes? Maybe….periwinkle eyes? My heart began to thump in excitement that I hoped wouldn’t be for nothing.
In the next second, she turned to a guy and smiled. “You’re back…and you really did bring me coffee. How sweet. Thank you.”
When I could muster up the courage to glance up at her hero, I found myself staring right into the eyes of my own, the one from the forest. My heart pounded a symphony all its own as I stared into his intense, vivid blue eyes. I couldn’t pull my eyes away from his high cheekbones and that sharply chiseled face. I’d never seen such a beautiful face before, such a masterpiece of strength, contours, and beauty, like something off the cover of a romance novel or some dapper leading man in a classic romance movie. This time, he was wearing a white shirt, dark blue jeans, a well-worn bomber jacket, and I immediately began to envy that cotton, denim, and leather.
He held out his hand and smiled. “Hi. I’m Jesse.”
“Taylor,” I said, unable to put a whole sentence together.
“Nice to officially meet you. Mind if I get your picture?” he asked, holding up a camera.
“Um…sure, okay. But…why?”
“To prove to my friends that angels do exist.”
It was a ridiculous line, like one some cliché some sleaze-bag idiot would say in a bar, but coming from his lips, it seemed sincere. I couldn’t help but smile at his blatant flirtations, and the heat in my blushing cheeks scorched my skin. With him, it wasn’t just a pick-up line. He was trying to break the ice, and it worked; again, I was absolutely melting.
“Well, in that case, I need to take yours too,” I said.
“You’re more than welcome,” a buddy nudged, “but he doesn’t show up on film.”
Jesse nudged him back. “Stop it! You’re talking crazy.”
“Am I?” the guy said walking off.
Jesse looked back at me. “That’s Tom. Once he’s had a few beers, he talks all stupid. So just ignore whatever moronic stuff he comes up with.”
I laughed again.
Another slow song began, and Jesse casually took off his jacket and smiled. The fabric of his long-sleeved shirt clung to his broad shoulders and muscular chest, and the white cotton made his shoulder-length hair stand out even more. “Would you like to dance?” he asked like a gentleman, offering me his hand.
I grinned. “I’d love to.”
He shot me his leading-man smile and wrapped his arms around my waist as I placed my arms on his shoulder. My heart jumped into a new rhythm of excitement, dancing to the music drifting around us as we stared intently into each other’s eyes. I was nervous, but at the same time, I felt comfortable and safe; scared but happy. I’d never felt such a strange mix of emotions before, and I couldn’t stop smiling. There was a thrilling, rushing, euphoric something going on between us, and for that one timeless moment, everything in my life seemed perfect.
We swayed back and forth to the music, slow and close, and I rested my head in the crook of his neck. I never would have imagined myself dancing with someone like Jesse, someone so beautiful. I couldn’t believe he was holding me. I felt I was walking on air. I’d always laughed at that cliché before, but for the first time, I suddenly knew what it meant.
Some of the guys I’d been chitchatting with at the party didn’t seem to be fans of his, and I could feel the tension like daggers in my back as they shot me glares. As much as I wanted to be with Jesse, I didn’t want to cause any trouble, so I thought it was best that we head back to Julie’s house. I had a nice buzz, but I wasn’t trashed like she was. When I glanced over, I noticed that she was drinking a second cup of coffee, so I hoped that would sober her up enough to drive us home in one piece.
“I hope she’s okay to drive,” I said to Jesse.
“If not, I’m sure you’ll get her home safe and sound.”
“Do you live around here?” I asked.
“Yes, here in Big Bear Lake.”
Excitement flooded through me when I discovered he wasn’t merely a tourist who’d be taking off anytime soon. I smiled up at him, then glanced down and noticed a bracelet on his arm, leather woven with silver beads and decorated with weird symbols. “I love that,” I said, nodding toward it, “but what do the symbols mean?”
He shot me the most beautiful grin, a movie star smile. “You’ve gotta get to know me better before I can tell you all my deep, dark secrets,” he said. He smiled when he said it, but I got the feeling he wasn’t joking.
I gave him my best flirty smile. “Is that a promise?”
“You have my word…and my word is my bond.”
I smiled again, then nervously fidgeted with my hands like some silly little middle-schooler. I really had no idea how to keep up the conversation with such a hot guy, and every word was a struggle. “How old are you?” I finally asked, since I couldn’t think of anything else.
“Seventeen.”
“Really!? Me too.”
“So is this a new school year for you?”
“Yeah.”
“Maybe we’ll be in some of the same classes.”
“Nah, I’m homeschooled. Like I was telling you a while ago, my mom is a bona fide control freak, and—”
“Taylor!” Julie called. “I feel sick. I think I’m gonna pass out.”
When I glanced over, she was teetering. I rushed over, but before I could reach her, she swayed to the left and toppled over. She tried to grab a side table on the way down, but it didn’t help; she crashed to the floor, knocking a huge vase over in the process.
“Oh my gosh! Julie!”
The alcohol was one thing, but I couldn’t understand why blood was gushing from her neck, trickling down onto her shirt.


Chapter 4
When I ran over to my friend and looked down at her wounds, I assumed the shattered vase shards must have cut her during her fall. I only hoped she wouldn’t need stitches, because she was bleeding pretty profusely. Someone handed me a kitchen towel, and I applied pressure to the wound. “She needs a hospital or a doctor or maybe some stitches and—”
“No!” said a woman who was suddenly standing over me, looking down at Julie. “It’s a shallow cut, nothing a bandage and some peroxide can’t fix.”
I looked up. “Are you sure? I mean, she’s bleeding really bad, and—”
“Positive,” she said, cutting me off. “I’m a medic. Let me go get my medical kit from the car.”
I squeezed Julie’s hand. “Are you okay?”
Her eyes fluttered open. “I-I think so.”
“Just lie still and hold on. There’s a medic here, and she’s going to help.”
“A medic? Wow. Lucky for me. I drank way too much, huh?”
“Yeah, that’s putting it lightly. Do you remember me cutting you off?”
She offered a half-smile. “Yeah, but I still sneaked drinks behind your back.”
Knowing it was important to keep Julie awake, I engaged her in conversation until the woman came back.
“Can you give me a hand?” the woman said to Jesse.
“Sure,” he said.
She then went to work to cleanse the wound and put a sterile white bandage on it.
Once Julie was all fixed up, Jesse and I helped her back up to her feet.
“See? Good as new,” Julie slurred.
“It’d be best if she gets some rest now,” the medic said.
“But I-I can’t drive,” Julie stuttered. “I’m toasted…and now wounded from a pissed-off vase.”
Jesse pulled me to the side. “Can you get her home?” he whispered.
“This is so embarrassing, but her car’s a stick shift, and I’ve got no idea how to drive one. I probably can’t drive any safer than she can right now.”
“Lucky for you, I can.”
“But then how will you get back?” I asked.
“I can walk.”
“No, it’s way too far, Jesse.”
“I’ll be fine.” He bit his lip and looked down at Julie as if he was worried. “It’s best we sneak out of here.”
I furrowed a brow. “Sneak out? Why?”
“You see that guy she was dancing with?”
“Yeah. She told me his name, but I forget.”
“It’s Jonathon, and he’s an absolute psycho. I’m afraid he might follow her home if he sees her leaving.”
I shook my head in disbelief. “Are you sure? That’s insane.”
“I heard him claim her, and I heard some of the other guys claiming you. They may look like your average drunken frat boys, but they’re beyond dangerous, Taylor. The nice guys are outnumbered here. I’ve got a couple of buddies here, but we’re no match against the others. They’ll jump us, and I’m not sure I can protect you.”
“Wait…claiming people? Just what kind of party did she bring me to?” I muttered to myself.
“A dangerous one,” he retorted, overhearing my conversation with myself. “My buddies will distract them while I sneak you two out the back door.”
“Great idea,” I said. “Maybe they won’t see us leave.”
“That’s the plan.”
Jesse wrapped his arm around Julie and helped her walk out the back door of the cabin. Gripping my purse tightly, I followed. A cool breeze blew through my hair, and I shuddered, wishing I’d worn a coat. I couldn’t believe the extreme temperature change; earlier that day, I’d been sunning on the beach, and now Mother Nature had invited Jack Frost over for a nightcap.
“How much did you have to drink?” Jesse asked Julie.
“She’s had way too much,” I answered for her. “I bet she’ll puke all over the truck.”
“Hey!” Julie said. “I can answer for myself.” Her gaze turned to Jesse. “Mr. Gorgeous, Handsome Prince, I had lots of beers, a Long Island iced tea, beers, and some shots,” she answered. “Oh, and there was this one bubbly purple thing the color of that dinosaur on the kids’ show and—”
“Do you remember where the keys to your truck are?” he said, cutting her off before the confession could continue.
“Hmm. Maybe you’ll have to frisk me, Officer McHottie,” she said in a flirty tone.
I rolled my eyes, mouthed an apology to Jesse, then reached into her pocket and grabbed them. “They’re right here.”
“Hey!” she said. “I didn’t want you to frisk me!”
“This isn’t the time for games, Julie,” I said. “We have to get out of here and back home.”
“I’m freezing!” she retorted. “Who turned on the air?”
I reached in the back seat and handed her a blue sweater. “Wear this.”
She put it on and smiled. “Mmm…so warm. Gosh, I’m so drunk. Thank you though.”
Jesse helped my intoxicated new best friend into her pickup. She sat between us and laid her head on his shoulder, and when he glanced at me questioningly, all I could do was shrug and apologize again on behalf of my drunken friend.
“I guess she had a little too much to drink,” I whispered.
“A little?” He laughed.
Julie tapped him. “Are you Prince Charming?” she asked.
“What?” he asked, turning the key in the ignition. “Because I helped bandage you up?”
“Are you the hot guy from the woods?” she asked. “The hero who saved Little Red Riding Taylor from the big, bad mountain lion?”
My cheeks blushed. “Julie!” I said.
Before he could answer, she continued, “You have black hair and eyes like that crayon. Taylor told me all about you.”
My cheeks grew even hotter with embarrassment, and I suddenly wished with all my heart that my life had a rewind button.
“And Taylor was right,” she continued. “Your eyes are gorgeous, like the sky.”
I cleared my throat and glanced at him awkwardly. “You do have pretty eyes,” I admitted.
He grinned back at me. “And so do you.”
I couldn’t stop grinning from the compliment as we sped along the road, until something jerked us forward.
“What the heck?” Julie said, stunned.
“Feels like we blew a tire,” I said as we came to a jerky stop.
“That sucks,” Julie slurred. “I don’t have a spare.”
“We can just walk,” I said. “I don’t think we’re that far away.”
Jesse shook his head. “Absolutely not. I’ll call somebody.” He flipped his phone open and began talking to one of his buddies.
“Julie,” I said, “how are you feeling? Are you doing okay?”
“I’m fine. I forgot to tell you I drank a Long Island iced tea. Do you know how much liquor they put in those things?”
“Yeah, you told me already. How’s your neck?”
“Fine, but that stupid vase nailed me real good. Wanna know the worst part though?”
“What?”
“I didn’t even get the blond’s phone number. He was so hot.”
Jesse cut in. “Trust me, you don’t want that guy’s number.”
“Yes I do.”
“He’s way too dangerous.”
“A bad boy, huh? I like that.”
“Not a bad boy. He’s a bad man—a real bad man—and like many of the guys back there, he’s nothing but trouble,” Jesse said. “You two had no business being at that party out in the middle of the woods with a bunch of older strangers.”
“Yeah? Well, I guess we were lucky you were looking out for us,” Julie said.
He smiled.
“So what can we do about the tire?” she asked.
“My friend’s coming,” Jesse said. “I’ll wait outside for him. You two stay put.”
“Why not stay in here with us?” I asked.
“Because I have to make sure the big, bad wolf doesn’t come and eat you.”
“Ooh. Lions and tigers and bears, oh my!” Julie slurred.
I laughed as he slammed the door shut.
“He’s cute,” Julie said, “and funny too.”
“Yeah, but if that party was so dangerous, what was he doing there?” I asked.
“Maybe he’s just as dark and dangerous as they are,” she said in a creepy voice. “Boo!” she said as she grabbed my arm.
I jumped and screamed, “Julie! Stop that!”
She began laughing like a crazy person. “Oh, man! You…Taylor, you shoulda seen your face! Priceless.”
“Ha-ha. Very funny.”
“I’m sorry the party didn’t work out, but at least you found Prince Charming. Wasn’t that the important thing?” She shot me a sly smile as she gave me a fist-bump.
Grinning, I bumped her back.
“Look at you, all lust at first sight for our bad boy.”
“There’s definitely a connection, but I don’t think it’s lust…and I don’t think he’s a bad boy.”
“That’s too bad. But anyway, it’s obvious that you’re attracted to him like there’s no tomorrow.”
I smiled and couldn’t possibly deny it.
“You’ve got it for him big time, don’t ya?”
“Yes,” I admitted.
“Then why are you sitting in here talking to me when he’s out there all by himself, glistening in the moonlight?”
“I’m sure girls throw themselves at him all the time. I don’t wanna be like that.”
“Going out there and saying hello would not be throwing yourself at him, unless you intend to take your top off while you do it,” she said, then winked.
“Very funny,” I said, then laughed again. “Okay.”
She grinned as I hopped out of the truck.
Outside, Jesse was sitting in the truck bed, his gorgeous black locks blowing in the wind.
“Hey,” I said.
“Hey.”
“Need some company?” I asked.
His eyes twinkled in the moonlight. “I’d love some.”
I jumped into the cab and sat next to him. “Keeping us safe from all the wild animals out prowling around?”
“Lots of dangerous predators hunt at night.”
“Like the bobcat? I know they’re nocturnal.” I smiled, then gazed into his eyes.
“I almost didn’t come tonight,” he said. “Now I’m glad I did.”
I smiled, nervously tossing my hair to the side. “If you knew it was dangerous, why did you—”
Before I could even get the question out, he turned to the left and glanced into the towering woods. “Taylor, get back in the truck and lock the doors,” he said.
I smiled, thinking he was joking. “Why? Are we being stalked? More mountain lions?”
He didn’t laugh, though, and his face remained stern. “Please get back inside the truck.
Knowing he was dead set on protecting me and realizing how serious he was, I didn’t protest. I opened the door and climbed in.
“What’s going on?” Julie asked.
I tried to get a glimpse of some hungry wildlife, but I saw nothing. “He thinks something’s out there.”
“Like what?”
“Like a wild animal.”
She blew out a breath and glanced out the window. “He needs to get his butt inside too. I don’t wanna watch him get torn to shreds!” She rolled down the window. “Jesse, get your butt in here.”
While we looked out at Jesse, who was pacing the road and staring deep into the dark woods, I began to get really creeped out. Where the heck is this friend of his? I wondered, knowing we needed to get back on the road and get home before Julie’s mom did. She had worked the nightshift at the hotel, but she would be home by eight a.m. at the latest. If we didn’t make it home before she did, my own mother would find out, and I’d be grounded for weeks.
BANG!
Suddenly, something shattered the driver’s-side window of the truck. I ducked as flying glass sprayed everywhere. Disoriented, I glanced up at my friend.
“Now you’re bleeding!” Julie shouted. “Where’s that medic when we need her?”


Chapter 5
I glanced down and realized that some of the glass from the window had cut the top of my hand. “It’s okay,” I said. “I just got cut when the glass shattered.”
Suddenly, rifle shots echoed through the darkness.
I froze, and a cold chill shot down my spine.
“Somebody’s shooting at us!” Julie said, her voice wavering as she stated the obvious. “We’re being robbed or somethin’.”
The words remained frozen in my throat, and I could only shake my head in shared disbelief. I reached for my phone and quickly called 911, but the call wouldn’t go through. “No signal!” I said.
“Same here,” Julie said, trembling with fright.
“Jesse!” I shouted through the broken window. I glanced around for him, but he was nowhere in sight.
BOOM!
More glass shattered like rock candy, spraying us with shards as the windshield was shot out.
“We’ve gotta get outta here!” I said. “Some crazy person is shooting at us, and I’ve kinda got the feeling he’s not gonna stop until we’re dead.”
“No!” Julie said. “I’m not leaving. If we step out of this truck, it’ll be like target practice for our trigger-happy stalker!”
“Julie, if we stay in this truck, we’re as good as dead.”
She met my gaze, her eyes wide with terror. Clearly, she’d been scared sober.
I gripped her hands. “We can hide in the woods.”
“No way! Haven’t you ever seen a horror movie in your life? The hockey mask guy always chases girls into the woods, and I don’t wanna be chopped up with a meat cleaver!”
“That’s just the movies, Julie. I’ve been in those woods already. I know it’s dark, and there are so many trees and shrubs and boulders. He’ll never find us.”
“But what about Jesse?” she whispered.
Droplets of sweat rolled down my face. “I-I don’t know. I don’t see him anywhere.”
“So he just abandoned us? Your knight in shining armor left two damsels in distress?” she snapped. “Humph. Some Prince Charming he turned out to be.”
I tentatively glanced out the window, and another chill shot up my spine when I noticed a puddle on the street, glimmering crimson in the moonlight. “Oh my gosh!”
“What?”
Biting my lip hard, I pointed. “Blood! Jesse’s hurt.”
She cautiously glanced out, peeking through her fingers the way someone would look at a car accident, then let out a trembling breath. “Wh-where did he go?”
A cold feeling washed over me, and I felt as if all the blood had instantly drained from my face. “I dunno.”
BANG!
More glass shattered as a bullet destroyed one of the side windows, garnering another scream from Julie.
I gripped Julie’s hand. “We’ve gotta get out of here. We’re sitting ducks if we stay.”
She nodded, finally realizing I was right.
I opened the glove compartment and fumbled around through all sorts of junk, everything from gum wrappers to a tire gauge to coupons for fast food places. “You got a flashlight in here or under the seat or anything?”
“No,” she said, shaking her head. “I know I should, but I didn’t expect to be…”
As she trailed off, I heard an unmistakable howl echoing in the distance, and the hair on my neck rose.
“Did you hear that?” Julie frantically whispered. “Maybe my Little Red Riding Hood joke wasn’t so far off. There are wolves out there, Taylor! Wolves!”
With that cruel realization, I second-guessed my decision to run into the woods, but staying in the truck and being easy pickings for the deranged Rambo wasn’t an option either.
Swallowing hard, I slipped out of the passenger’s door and stayed low. Adrenaline spiked in my veins, and I had to force myself to take slow breaths. I motioned for Julie to follow me, and we slowly crept into the woods. Eerie shadows stretched and shifted in the trees like ghouls. Darting forward, I jumped over logs and zigzagged through the towering trees, going as fast as the burning muscles in my legs would allow, with dry leaves and twigs crunching beneath my feet. I continued checking over my shoulder and was glad to see that Julie’s drunk had worn off enough that she was having no trouble keeping up; the moonlight glinting here and there off of her sparkly shirt let her know she was right behind me. I spun and found an alternate route, squeezing through the clustered trees in the hopes of escaping our pursuer.
A few feet behind us, within earshot, twigs snapped and ferns rustled, as if someone or something was hot on our trail. I wasn’t sure if it was human, bobcat, or some other variety of predator, but I twisted through the overgrown ferns and foliage, running faster and encouraging Julie to hurry.
“Taylor!” Jesse’s voice said.
I had no idea how he found us with all the turns and twists I’d taken, but it was a relief to know that he was there and hadn’t deserted us after all.
Jesse sucked in a deep breath and held his chest, where blood was dripping from a gaping wound.
I gasped, then took a deep, trembling breath. “Jesse, I saw blood by the truck. Are you okay?”
He struggled to breathe. “I was…he shot me.”
My pulse pounded in my ears. I had no idea what to do for a gunshot wound, and even if I had known, I was too scared to think clearly enough to play nurse.
Julie took off her sweater and applied pressure. “Stay calm…and whatever you do, don’t pass out.”
“We need to keep moving,” I said. “We gotta get back on the road and find help.”
“He’ll have no idea where were coming out,” Julie said as we walked briskly, helping Jesse along.
“I’ll be fine,” he said. “I just need a little while to recuperate.”
“Uh-uh, buddy. Don’t go trying to be Mr. Macho right now. This isn’t like shaking off a twisted ankle,” Julie said. “You were shot, for goodness sake! You need surgery, medical help, and a lot of prayers.”
I pushed branches aside, took another step into the dense vegetation, then straightened to listen. Barking, whining, and haunting howls echoed in the air. It seemed we’d lost the maniac shooter, but now we were wandering around a lonely forest, a dark labyrinth of trees, possibly being stalked by a pack of wolves.
“We gotta keep moving,” Jesse said.
A deeper, more menacing howl made my hands shake. It reminded me of a bloodhound my neighbor had once owned, but when all the wild canines bayed together, it was beyond freaky and downright ominous.
We kept going, climbing over slippery logs and jagged rocks and pushing our way through thick underbrush and tall grass. My foot caught on a broken log and a cluster of rocks, but before I toppled over, I somehow managed to regain my equilibrium. Still, my ankle throbbed, slowing me down.
“They’re too close, Taylor,” Julie said. “We’ll never outrun them.”
“Forget the wolves,” I said. “They just add ambiance to our spooky night hike.”
She shook her head. “How are you so calm?” she said as we stumbled along through the thick terrain. “Jesse’s dying, we’re lost in the woods, a crazy madman might be following us, and now some wolves wanna make a midnight snack out of us. All things considered, maybe the hockey mask guy with the meat cleaver would be better.”
“I’m not dying,” Jesse said, leaning into me as he used us as human crutches.
“Sorry,” Julie said. “I don’t mean to be so negative. I guess I’m still a little drunk and wondering if this is all a dream and I’m really passed out back at that party.”
I stumbled on a log again, then regained my balance; I was dressed for a party and wasn’t exactly wearing hiking boots. “Don’t be scared. Wolves are predators, but they don’t attack humans. After my run-in with the mountain lion, my dad gave me a lecture on all the wildlife around here.”
“You still have a lot to learn about these woods,” Jesse said.
“But wolves naturally fear humans,” I said confidently. “Dad said that, but so did this guy on this Discovery Channel special he made me watch yesterday.”
“These don’t,” Jesse added.
“Wolves have been known to leave a kill when they saw a human coming in their direction,” I argued. “Besides, I’m more scared about the guy who shot at us,” I said. “And we really need to get you to the hospital.”
“Wolves are…predators,” Jesse gasped out between breaths.
I glanced at him skeptically. “My dad said that in the past century, there’ve only been two incidents in North America. He wouldn’t lie to me, not when he wants me to be safe out here.” I glanced over my shoulder and gasped at the canine silhouettes not far behind. “Wait…they are following us! They’re not acting right. Do you think they have rabies or something?”
“Or something,” Jesse said. He suddenly stopped, then pointed. “There’s a cabin up there. Maybe someone’s home who can help us.”
I glanced ahead but didn’t see anything. I wasn’t sure, but I thought he might be hallucinating from blood loss, like a thirsty man seeing an oasis mirage in the desert. As the howls grew louder and began to come from closer, I hoped my imagination was just playing tricks on me too. Nope. Wolves don’t hunt humans, I kept telling myself, but I wasn’t sure if I could believe it, in spite of my dad and Animal Planet.
“There it is!” Julie said. “How’d you see it from that far away?” she asked Jesse, but he just moaned and didn’t answer.
It was still hard to see but I could make out a structure in the moonlight, a cabin looming in the distance. The barking and howling grew louder, and I knew the wolves had captured our scent. I hoped the cabin would offer us safety and a landline; that hope was the only thing that kept me sane and calm.
“Hurry!” Jesse said.
My gaze fixed on my target destination as I put my body into gear. I knew we needed to run, but Jesse was leaning on us for support. Thirty feet? Ugh! Why does it feel like a freaking football field? There was no time to look back, but I had to take a tiny peek over my shoulder to see how close the wolves actually were.
With their curiosity piqued, the snarling, growling, hungry animals were gaining on us.
Twenty-five more feet. Just fifteen more…now ten…five…three. Almost there! Just another foot!
We climbed up the stairs and pounded on the door.
“Help!” I said.
“The pack is coming!” Julie shouted. “Just break a window!”
When I glanced over my shoulder, I gulped as growls and snarls filled the air. I jiggled the doorknob, but it was locked.
“C’mon!” Julie shouted, terrified.
“It’s locked,” I said.
“Let me try!” Jesse said. He threw his shoulder into the door, busting the lock.
I breathed a sigh of relief, but just as I went to rush inside, powerful arms gripped me from behind.


Chapter 6
I gasped when I glanced up and saw one of the guys from the party, the guy Julie had been dancing with, the “psycho” Jesse had warned us about. I flailed as Jonathon attempted to restrain me.
In a flash, Jesse lunged at Jonathon, knocking him to the ground.
When the fiend’s grip loosened, I jumped to my feet.
“Get inside!” Jesse ordered.
I grabbed Julie’s hand and pulled her inside. “Let’s find a weapon to help him,” I said.
“The kitchen!” Julie said.
We bolted inside the cabin.
With my heart racing, I glanced around for the light switch. My fingers skimmed over it, and the lights came on. “Is anybody here?” I screamed.
“Help us!” Julie shouted.
But there was no answer.
The cabin was furnished, so either everyone was asleep or it was a rental and was vacant until the weekend. I walked through the living room and into the kitchen with Julie in tow. We frantically rummaged through the kitchen drawers looking for anything we could use to defend ourselves. My fingers curled around a butcher knife, and Julie held a long, sharp steak knife in her hand.
“Why is Jonathon chasing us?” she asked. “If he wants my number, he just has to ask.”
“What!? The guy’s a psychopath, Julie. Do not give him your number!”
“Maybe if I go out there and talk to him, I can—”
“No! He’s been chasing us. What’s wrong with you?”
“Maybe he just wants something,” she said, still hung up on the guy.
“He’s been shooting at us. I’m pretty sure he wants us dead.”
Her eyes widened as she pondered the situation and reality hit. She grabbed my arm. “I’m so sorry I got you into this.”
“Listen, just stay here, okay? I’ve gotta help Jesse. He’s hurt and can’t fend him off by himself.” I then rushed back to the front door, which was now closed.
Just as I grabbed the doorknob, Julie touched my shoulder, causing me to jump and clutch my chest in an attempt to calm my racing heart. “Don’t go out there,” Julie said.
“I have to help him,” I said. “He needs me.”
“Well, then I’ll help too.” She flicked on the porch light, then peered through the curtains. “I don’t see him.”
I couldn’t breathe.
“I want to help him,” Julie said, “but what if that lunatic is out there waiting for us?”
The knife in my hands shook violently. “How’d a party turn into…this?” I asked. “This night was supposed to be fun, not some kind of life-and-death battle with murderers and wolves.”
“We can’t go out there,” Julie said.
“Stay here. I’ll be right back.”
“No! Don’t you dare!”
“I have to see if Jesse is okay. He’d do the same for me.”
“What if he is gone already and that guy attacks you?”
“It’s a chance I have to take.”
She took a deep breath. “Then I’m coming with you.”
As soon as I opened the creaking door and stepped onto the porch, a snarling, drooling wolf lunged for my ankle. I immediately jumped back inside and slammed the door.
With a shaky finger, Julie locked the door behind me. “What now?” she shouted.
We peered out the window and saw at least a dozen of the animals circling the porch and front yard; there was no sign of any human, Jesse, psychopath, or otherwise. I knew Jesse would never run off and leave us there. I didn’t know him all that well, but I was sure he wasn’t the kind of guy who would do that to us. He had, after all, risked being jumped to sneak us out of the party. My biggest fear was that he had succumbed to the bullet wound, that he’d passed out and the wolves had gotten him, and my heart ached at the thought.
Julie called me from the kitchen. “The back door is locked!”
“Good. Can we possibly get out that way?”
“Nope. Wolf Central out back.”
“We need to see if Jesse is out there,” I said. “He’s hurt, and drastic times call for drastic measures.”
“But we already tried, and that stupid thing almost bit your foot off.”
An idea popped into my head. “Maybe we can distract them with meat.”
“Sure. Let’s just whip up a medium-rare t-bone or two.”
“Seriously, it could work,” I said, ignoring her grim cynicism. “We could distract them, then run for the main road and get some help. Jesse’s hurt, and we need to help him before…” I said, but I couldn’t even finish the thought, because it turned my stomach. We had to act fast, so instead of arguing with Julie about it, I walked to the kitchen and opened the fridge, only to find nothing but a jug of water, a bottle of mustard, and a wrinkly radish in the bottom of the vegetable crisper. “Shoot,” I said. “No doggie treats in here.”
“This blows.”
“We have to think positive, Julie. Maybe Jesse got away. Maybe he’s getting help this very minute.”
“Yeah? Well what if he’s dead? And what if that crazy lunatic comes back for us?”
The wolves howled even louder, and the hair on the back of my neck stood at attention. “At least they can’t break into the cabin,” I said, trying to sound positive. “And if anyone tries to come in here, they’ll be attacked. Jonathon won’t stand a chance.”
“But you said wolves don’t attack humans.”
“I know, but Jesse’s right about these. For whatever reason, they don’t seem scared of us.” I sighed heavily, then whipped out my cell and dialed 911, again without success. “Still no signal,” I said.
Knock-knock!
My heart jumped at the sudden tap on the door. I froze for a moment, then gripped the butcher knife in my hands tightly. Even though chills were running down my spine again, I started to sweat profusely. I was a nervous wreck. What if it’s Jonathon, just playing games with us? What if it’s someone who can help? Should we hide? I knew that might be risky, since our only hope for rescue might be on the other side of that door; then again, I also knew that opening the door might seal our fate for good.
Julie stared at me, her eyes wide. “Don’t answer it,” she whispered.
“I’ll just peek out the window.”
“No!” she whispered back.
I ignored her and crept to the front window, my hands shaking like a jumping bean on a trampoline.
Outside, Jesse was leaning against the door, and the wolves were circling him with exposed teeth, snarling and drooling.
“It’s Jesse!” I shouted back to Julie.
Then, from out of the darkness, a tall shadow emerged. I gasped again when I made out his features.
“Jesse!” I shouted, but it was too late; before I could warn him, Jonathon had already grabbed him from behind.
Somehow, the injured Jesse broke his stronghold and lunged at him. The guy rammed his head and shoulders into him, but with a big push, Jesse threw the guy five feet. In a flash, the man grabbed Jesse, lifted him over his head, and threw him like a ragdoll. Jesse crashed straight into the door so viciously that the door flew off the hinges with a loud bang.
“Jesse!” I screamed. “Get in here!” I shouted.
“Can I come in?” he asked, a strange question that made me wonder if he’d hit his head a little too hard.
“Yes,” I said. “Come in!”
He hobbled in, bleeding profusely. Droplets of blood stained the hard wood floor.
Jesse stood in the doorway, glaring at his attacker, who was seeing red and blind with rage. When Jonathon’s sinister gaze swept over me, my heart began to thunder in my test. I didn’t understand why he was just standing there like that, not trying to attack or push his way in, and there was a moment of silence as Julie and I looked at each other in complete shock.
“Let’s go!” I screamed, pulling his arm.
“We’re safe now,” Jesse said.
“Maybe but for how long?” Julie retorted. She motioned us over, and we worked together to scoot a heavy china cabinet in front of the door. “You hit him, and he’s disoriented, but as soon as he gets his head back in the game, he’ll come in. All he has to do is take one step through the open doorway.”
I snapped the shades shut on all the windows so crazy Jonathon couldn’t see us.
“Trust me, he won’t burst through our barricade,” Jesse said calmly.
“You’re kidding, right?” Julie asked, breathing heavily in quick, shallow heaves. “If we could move that cabinet, he most certainly can. We need to find a landline and call 911.”
I gazed around for a phone but didn’t see one. “While he’s dazed and out of it, let’s grab his gun,” I suggested.
Jesse grabbed my hand. “No, don’t. You step out that door, and you’re dead.”
Pushing the drapes aside, I glanced out the window.
The guy held up a lighter. “Don’t think I can’t burn you out!” he shouted.
I sucked in a deep breath. Please don’t let him do that, I thought.
Then, he suddenly screamed as two of the snarling wolves bit into his flesh. He flailed with all his might, but the wolves just dug in harder.
“A madman is after us, and we’re surrounded by hungry wild animals waiting to tear us to shreds. Can this night get any worse?” Julie said, then ran a hand through her wild blonde hair. “We have to leave. We can’t just stay in here and wait for those things to make Kibbles and Bits outta us.”
“I know,” I said.
She looked out through the curtains. “He’s gone!”
“Did they drag him off?” I asked.
“I don’t know, but wolves are still circling,” Julie said. “I don’t think that he’s our problem anymore.”
“One down, one to go,” I said. “Now all we have to do is get past the pack. If we do, we’re home free.”
A long, plaintive wail echoed through the air, followed by a chorus of defiant howls.
I looked at Jesse, who was bleeding profusely. “Let’s get you to the bathroom and look for medical supplies.”
He leaned against the wall for support and gasped. “I’ll be fine. We have more important things to worry about.”
“Fine my butt. You need a doctor,” I said, my voice wavering.
He winced in pain, and his blue eyes watered. “I promise I’ll see one in the morning.”
Julie looked at him and shook her head. “You mean if you live that long. You’re sweating like a thief in church,” she said, feeling his forehead. “Oh my gosh! You’re burning up.” She gripped my arm. “He has a fever of 110. We can’t stay here. If we do, the news will be reporting a homicide tonight, one hot young guy with a bullet wound to the chest.”
I felt Jesse’s head and realized she was absolutely right. He was on fire. “It’s not safe in here. That man could easily push through our makeshift barrier. We need to get outta here and lose him in the forest, and then we need to take Jesse to the ER.”
“That’s exactly what he wants,” Jesse said. “Our best bet is to stay here until first light.”
Julie peeked out the window. “The place is swarming with wolves. Maybe he’s right. Let’s stay here a few hours and see if the pack leaves.”
I helped Jesse to the recliner.
He glanced up at me and could tell I was concerned. “It’s our best bet. The wolves will move on soon.”
Then a thought occurred to me: We need to secure the upstairs and make sure no one is in the house. We could leave nothing to chance. “Hello?” I called up the stairs.
The stairs creaked as I walked up them. My nerves were on edge as we headed down the lonely hallway amidst the shadows that danced on the wall.
Julie pointed to the first bedroom. Holding my butcher knife, I flicked on the switch but didn’t see anyone, much to my delight. As I continued to move carefully through the bedroom, I suddenly saw a figure. I freaked out and jumped, startled for a split second, until I realized it was my own reflection in the dresser mirror. My nerves were so on edge that every little thing was beyond frightening.
The room was pretty typical, with a bed, dresser, and other furnishings. We searched for weapons but couldn’t find any. We checked the next two bedrooms, and they were also clear.
My labored breathing eased, though my lungs still burned and my head was pounding like a chorus line of stiletto-wearing hippos dancing on it.
Julie motioned me in the master bedroom. “Blue Eyes can rest in there,” she said.
“Jesse, you should lie down,” I said when we walked back downstairs to get him. “There’s a nice bedroom upstairs so you can rest.”
“I’m fine.”
“No,” Julie ordered, “you’re not. You’re gonna go up there and get in bed, and then we’ll barricade the door and stay in there till morning.”
His wound started to bleed again, and I gulped hard. I couldn’t help but notice how pale and weak he looked. Jesse needed medical help, and I couldn’t get it for him quick enough.
“You’re bleeding,” I said, wondering if he would live to see sunlight again.


Chapter 7
I didn’t know what to do. Jesse was dying right before my eyes. I knew we needed to get help, but I didn’t know how to get past the snarling wolves. No one could hear us now because our cell phones had no signal out in the middle of nowhere, and there was no landline in the cabin. I touched Jesse’s arm. “Please lie down.”
“No. I have to keep you safe.”
“You aren’t going to be able to do that if you die on us,” I said. “You just need a little rest.”
When he didn’t move, Julie chimed in, “She’s right, Jesse. We need you to protect us, so how about you lie down for an hour or two and then you’ll be more up to protecting us better. In the meantime, we promise not to get ourselves killed by rabid dogs or gun-wielding strangers. Deal?”
He smiled and nodded. “Can’t argue with that,” he said.
I smiled appreciatively at Julie and her ability to manipulate even the most strong-willed of people.
Jesse grunted as I helped him into bed and covered him with a blanket.
Julie found some towels in the bathroom and applied pressure to his wound. “Never in my wildest dreams did I think I’d be taking care of a gunshot victim,” she said.
His eyes fluttered shut, and I gasped. “He passed out,” I said. “We can’t just sit here and do nothing, no matter what he said,” I said. “He’s really sick and fading fast. If we’re going to save him, we’ve gotta take a chance. You stay here. I’m gonna get us help.”
“How are you going to get past the wolves?”
“I don’t know, but I can’t just stand here and let him die.”
She took a deep breath. “I know.”
I felt his forehead and was glad that his skin was cool and not as sweaty; the fever had subsided. “He feels better,” I said.
“He’s breathing better too,” Julie added. “Maybe we should wait a little longer.”
I nodded and peeked out the bedroom window, only to shudder when I saw the wolves still prowling around. “It’s not like we have much choice.” Feeling defeated, I sat down on the vinyl chair and propped my feet on the stool. I watched vigilantly out the window, waiting for the scraggly dogs to leave.
* * *
A couple of hazy, sleepy, silent hours later, when the first rays of light shone on my face, I looked out the window again. “Julie, they’re gone!” I said.
“I’ll go look out the front,” she said.
I rushed over to Jesse. “Let me have a look at your wound,” I said.
He pushed me away. “I said I’m fine. We don’t have time to waste. Let’s go.”
“Are you sure you feel all right? Can you walk?”
“Yeah, I’ll live to tell the tale,” he said.
I looked at him doubtfully, then helped him up so we could make our way down the stairs.
“It’s all clear,” Julie happily reported, opening the blockade.
Outside, I stared skeptically at the deceivingly calm forest around us. As if mocking our trepidation, the sun was shining brightly, and the birds were chirping happily. When I looked down, though, I saw pawprints everywhere. It was still hard to fathom that we’d been shot at, chased, and practically held prisoner in the cabin by a bunch of wolves.
Pushing some vegetation aside, I stepped into the woods. “C’mon, guys!”
As we hiked through the woods, continuously trying our cell phones, Jesse actually got a signal for about two minutes and managed to get in touch with one of his buddies, who offered to pick us up. Just as we reached the road, a blue car stopped and Jesse introduced us to his friend, Billy.
“We’ve gotta get Jesse to the hospital,” I said. “He’s been shot.”
“What!? They’re joking, right?” Billy said to Jesse.
“No. He really was shot,” Julie said.
“Oh,” Billy said.
I looked at him as if he was one Prozac away from a straightjacket. “Uh…that’s the best place for gunshot victims,” I said. “Now please just drive us there.”
Jesse shot Billy a strange look, and he nodded. “Okay,” he said, “but I’m dropping you two off first.”
“Fine. Then take us to the police station,” I said.
Julie grabbed my arm. “Are you crazy? I don’t wanna get involved with the police. We’re alive and breathing, so why bother?”
“If that guy is out there and survived the wolf attack, he needs to be stopped.”
Billy arched an eyebrow at me as if I was the crazy one. “He’s dangerous and probably whacked outta his mind on drugs and still armed. I wouldn’t suggest you ratting him out. They’ll let him go with a slap on the wrist, and then he’ll come after you with a vengeance.”
“I don’t want to involve the police,” Julie stated again, more sternly this time.
“And neither do I,” Jesse intervened. “I gotta be honest with you, Taylor. Billy’s not takin’ me to the hospital.”
“But you’ve been shot, and—”
“No need for hospitals. My mom is a doctor.”
“But—” Julie tried to argue.
“It’s just a flesh wound,” Jesse said. “I’ll be fine.”
“Jesse,” I said, “please don’t risk your life like this, especially not just to be a tough guy and show off.”
“I’m not showing off. My mom won’t let anything happen to me. I just need you to do me a big favor.”
“I know, I know. Leave the police out of it,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“It’s the best thing, Taylor,” Jesse said.
“I’m great at keeping secrets,” Julie said. “If my mom finds out I sneaked out of the house to go to a college party and almost got myself killed, she’ll freak, and I’ll be the one needing a doctor—especially if the police are involved.”
“I won’t say anything either,” I said reluctantly.
Jesse’s friend pulled into Julie’s driveway at eight a.m., and we knew Julie’s mom would be coming home any minute.
“Don’t worry about your truck,” Jesse said. “One of my friends is a mechanic. He can have it fixed in hours.”
“My mom will ask about it,” Julie said. “Do you promise I’ll get it back today?”
“I promise.”
“Okay, Jesse. I’ll trust you on that, but if you don’t get it back before my mom wakes up, I’ll be grounded for the rest of the summer or, worse, she’ll sequester my truck keys indefinitely.”
“I got this,” he said.
“Jesse,” I said, “I really need to know that you’re okay. I won’t stop worrying until I know your mom has given you the all-clear.”
“Gimme your number,” he said. “I’ll call you with the official report.”
We exchanged numbers, putting them in each other’s phones. As I gazed into his eyes, just about to say something, his friend cut in.
“No time for mushy goodbyes,” Billy said. “I gotta get Jesse home. He’s got an appointment with Dr. Mom.”
Before I could say another word or wave goodbye, the blue car backed up and sped down the street.
As we walked in, I flung my shoes off. My hands were shaky from my ordeal, and nausea flooded my stomach.
When I sat down at the kitchen table, Julie handed me a glass of water. “Are you okay?” she asked.
“Yeah. Just a little freaked.”
“Better freaked than dead,” she said. “My head is pounding, but I think we learned a valuable lesson here.”
“Oh?”
“No more parties with crazy, unstoppable party animals—or wild, furry animals either.”
“Yeah. Tell me about it. And we might want to avoid Barney-colored drinks and Long Island iced teas too,” I said, looking at her.
She ran a hand through her blonde hair. “Do you really think they’ll get my truck back in time?”
“Jesse promised he would, and up to now, he’s been a man of his word.”
“Maybe, but we don’t’ even really know him.”
“He said his friend’s a mechanic. I’m sure it will be fine.”
“I hope so. If not, I’m dead meat.”
“Why was that guy chasing us anyway?” I asked. “What did you say to him?”
She sipped her water. “Nothing out of the ordinary…and he seemed nice at the party. He just went all psycho. Maybe Jesse’s right. Maybe he was high.”
“If he was high on drugs, how the heck was he able to find us in the dark woods?” I asked.
“I dunno. How’d Jesse find us, especially when he was shot and bleeding all over the place?” she retorted.
“Yeah, you’re right. That was weird.”
“I think there’s something Jesse’s not telling us,” Julie said.
“Why were you invited to that party?” I asked.
“I met Jed in town, and he was inviting all the pretty girls. He said I could bring anyone I wanted to bring. But there is something else I’ve been wondering.”
“What?”
“If Jesse’s such a great guy, why would he hang out with guys like them in the first place?”
“I don’t know. And why won’t he go to the hospital like a normal person?” I asked, trying to put two and two together. “Anyone else would insist on going to the ER.”
“He’s either scared to death of needles or he’s hiding something,” Julie said, then ripped the bandage off her neck. “Speaking of hospitals, how does my battle wound look?”
“Not bad at all. There are just a couple deeper spots where the glass must have nailed you.”
“I can’t believe my taste in men,” Julie said. “Out of everyone in the party, I pick the one that oughtta be locked up.”
“It’s okay. You didn’t know.”
“At least one of us lucked out.” She smiled. “You got Jesse’s number, right?”
I smiled and held up my phone proudly. “Yep. Mission accomplished.”
The door creaked open, and Julie’s mom walked in. “Julie, where’s your truck?” she asked.
“I parked it in the garage after Taylor and I washed it.”
“Honey, it’s gonna get dirty again around here, no matter what you do. No sense in trying to keep it spotless,” she said, smiling.
“I know, but I want it to look nice for as long as possible.”
“You girls are up awfully early,” she said.
“We pulled an all-nighter,” I said.
“Sounds like fun. I remember having girls’ nights like that. Did you paint your nails and—”
Julie grinned and nudged her mom playfully. “Mom, I’m not twelve.”
She laughed. “Right. Pardon me for forgetting that my little girl isn’t so little anymore. Anyway, I’m making breakfast. How do pancakes sound?”
“That’s nice of you, Mom, but we’re kinda beat. If you don’t mind, we’d kinda like to sleep for a few hours.”
“Sure, but don’t sleep all day. I’ve got some plans for us. I figured we can go to—”
“Mom,” Julie said, “we’re tired, and you worked all night. Can we talk about the plans later?”
She smiled again. “You’re right. We could all use a little shut-eye. Sweet dreams, you two.”
* * *
A while later, after a nice, long nap, I peeked out the window, only to see Julie’s truck sitting in the driveway, good as new. Even the back window had been replaced. That was so nice of Jesse, I thought.
A few minutes later, a horn beeped, indicating that my mom was there to pick me up.
“Thanks, Julie,” I said. “I gotta go, but it’s been…interesting,” I said, smiling knowingly at her as I grabbed my overnight bag and rushed out the door.
“Right,” she said. “It was a howling good time. We’ll have to give it another shot sometime.”
We both laughed at her punny-ness as I walked out the door.

Chapter 8
A few days passed, and I hadn’t heard from or about Jesse. I was so worried about him that I couldn’t eat or sleep. Not knowing whether he was alive or dead, the anxiety overwhelmed me. I tried calling him a few times, only to get no answer.
When my phone finally rang with a call from his number, I was ecstatic. “I’m recovering nicely,” he assured me. “Don’t worry.”
I thanked him countless times for fixing Julie’s truck, silently thanked God that he was okay, then hung up the phone.
After that, we talked sporadically but texted each other every day. I thought it was best to let him recover at his own speed. I would have paid him a visit, but his mother didn’t want anyone stopping by until he was fully recuperated. “Doctor’s orders,” he joked, though it was technically true.
* * *
Before I knew it, a month had passed by.
Jesse had a job at the zoo, and when he told me they were hiring, I filled out an application, interviewed well, and managed to land a part-time position. If nothing else, I had all my dad’s lectures and all that Discovery Channel and Animal Planet documentary knowledge to go on when it came to dealing with animals—not to mention I’d survived a mountain lion attack and a run-in with a huge pack of human-harassing wolves.
My first day of work at the zoo was also Jesse’s first day to return after his injuries. He’d told everyone that he had a “family emergency” to deal with, and nobody was the wiser.
I smoothed out my brown, short-sleeved, button-down shirt. It was part of my uniform and had the logo name of the zoo and my name embroidered on it, and it looked kind of cute for safari wear.
As I stood there trying to get a grip on my new job responsibilities, Jesse walked into the room with an adorable baby raccoon in his arms and a bottle of milk specially made for the little creature. His shoulder-length hair was tied back, and while I tried not to stare, I couldn’t help it; he was so absolutely gorgeous that I was sure I’d never want to take a sick day off of work. His uniform was the same as mine, but it looked so much sexier on him. The material stretched across his broad chest and across his muscles, not too tight but just perfect, revealing a tribal tattoo around his bicep. I hadn’t seen it at the party under his jacket, but I wanted to know what it meant, if anything. I decided it best to leave that conversation for somewhere outside the workplace.
“This is Herman,” Jesse said.
The little raccoon was furry and had a bushy, ringed tail, as well as the blackest band of fur around his eyes, just like a mask.
“He’s so cute!” I squealed.
“Yeah. We’re trying to rehabilitate the little guy. The zoo receives hundreds of orphaned and injured wild animals every year. We do our best to fix them all up and release them back out into the wild as soon as we can so they don’t become too dependent on humans or lose their natural survival instincts. If you kneel down on the floor, you can feed him,” he invited.
“I don’t know, Jesse. I mean, I’ve never fed a raccoon before. I’ve only fed Max.”
“It’s easy. I’ll start, and then you can jump in.” He set the baby on the floor and held the bottle at a downward angle.
The little raccoon stood on his legs and gripped the bottle with its little paws, perhaps the most adorable thing I’d ever seen—well, besides Jesse’s eyes and Max when he was a puppy.
“Okay. Ready to take over?” he asked.
I gazed up at him and smiled. “Sure.”
He knelt behind me and touched my shoulder as I fed the critter. “You’re doing good.”
The raccoon lapped away at the bottle with its little pink tongue, but it was difficult for me to concentrate on feeding Herman with Jesse’s hot breath raining down on the back of my neck. Still, I tried to tune out the gorgeous creature behind me and pay more attention to the cute one in front of me.
“Tilt it a little higher,” he said, touching my hand.
His hand lingered on mine, and I felt a jolt of electricity. I’d never felt such chemistry with anyone else before. No words could describe it. My heart was racing like a rabbit’s as his hand rested on top of mine.
Finally, he slowly lifted that scorching hand away. “You’re a real pro,” he said, “and Herman likes you.”
I smiled. “So…what else can you tell me about the zoo?”
“Hmm. Well, we have 190 animals representing 80 species here, and there are all kinds of exhibits, special events, and educational programs. If ya want, I’ll give you the grand tour later.”
After we fed the raccoon, Jesse took me to a different room, where five ducklings were frolicking in a shallow, heated pool, playing with a stuffed mama.
“What happened to their real mom?” I whispered, as if the fuzzy yellow things could understand me and might be offended.
“She was hit by a truck. Her four babies were lost and confused, following around humans because they didn’t know what else to do.” He paused to look down at the chirping quintuplets, then continued, “We’re gonna get them big and strong, then release them back into the wild.”
“Gee, Jesse, it’s amazing what you are all doing here.”
Jesse picked a little fluffy chick up. It was so touching to see that big, strong, muscular man holding a defenseless little bird, and it melted my heart all over again. “Shh. Don’t be afraid,” he told the baby. “I’m not gonna hurt you.”
As he gently and sweetly patted the little animal’s head, I saw a softer side to him, a side that showed that he genuinely cared for the animals. I grinned from ear to ear as I watched him place the little one down with its paddling brothers and sisters.
As promised, Jesse did give me a grand tour. He seemed to know everything about the place, and I enjoyed our walk around the place.
At the aviary, an outdoor enclosure filled with birds, he pointed. “One turkey vulture and two bald eagles live here.”
“Ew! Sorry, but the turkey vulture isn’t as pretty as her bald eagle friends,” I said.
His gaze shot up to the repulsive-looking bird. “Maybe not in everyone’s eyes, but I named her Beauty Queen.”
I laughed at the irony as I gazed up at the large, dark brown bird with a red, bald head and neck like a turkey’s. “I’m sure she appreciates you flirting with her,” I joked.
“She came to the zoo as a juvenile with a broken wing,” Jesse said. “There were complications, and the vets here weren’t able to save her wing, so we can’t release her. She’ll be a permanent resident, and I’ve grown quite fond of her. You know what they say.”
“What?”
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder,” he said with a smile. “She’s a sweet bird.”
“I’m gonna love working here,” I said.
“Yeah, I never get tired of it. I love my job. It sure beats flipping burgers.”
“I can tell you’re passionate about it.”
He smiled sheepishly, obviously uncomfortable taking compliments, even though he deserved a million of them.
“These birds are so big,” I said, gazing up at his feathered friends.
“Beauty Queen has a wingspan of about five feet—at least the wing that’s still good.”
“She’s a vulture, right? I bet she’s got bad breath after eating all that dead meat.”
“Maybe, but she can’t help what she was born to eat. It’s just the way nature works. No one can help the card we’re dealt. Just like us, these birds and all the animals in this zoo and in those woods out there have to live and make do with what their bodies want as a food source. Maybe she despises eating carcasses, but she’s stuck with it. It’s eat or die.”
“Yeah, I guess I shouldn’t be so quick to judge,” I said. “She probably thinks we’re gross for eating pizza.”
He laughed. “I’m not that much older than you, but I’ve learned it’s best not to judge anyone until you’ve walked in their shoes—or flown in their feathers, as the case may be.”
“I absolutely believe that. So anyway…what’s next?”
“How about some lions and tigers and bears?” he joked. “And…wolves?”
“Sorry, but I’ll pass on the wolves,” I said, clutching my heart.
“Bad memories, eh?”
I let out a breath. “Yeah.”
“I’m so sorry about all of that.”
I bit my lip. “You know what? Let’s not drudge up old memories. I really don’t wanna talk about it.”
“I agree. Let’s let bygones be bygones and just…start over.”
“I think we deserve a clean slate.”
All of the sudden, the door opened, and in walked a short redhead with her hair tied back in a ponytail. “Hey, Jesse,” she said, “there’s a guided tour waiting for you.”
He looked at me, then back at her. “Taylor, this is Jeanie, my best friend in Big Bear Lake. We’ve been through a lot, and I don’t know what I’d do without her. She’ll show you the ropes while I’m gone. See ya later,” he said and walked out the door.
I grinned. “See ya.” As soon as he stepped out of the door, I turned my attention to Jeanie. She had natural red hair and beautiful blue eyes, though not nearly as beautiful as his, for it would have been impossible for anyone to replicate those gems. I sighed when I realized his best friend in the world also had the perfect figure, with not an ounce of fat on her.
“So…how’s your first day treating you, Taylor?” she asked, making it obvious that someone had already told her my name.
“Great.”
Getting straight to the point, she blurted, “I saw the way your eyes sparkled at Jesse before he left.”
I arched a brow but said nothing.
She continued, “It’s best to stay away from him.”
I couldn’t believe she was marking her territory already. “And why’s that?”
“He’s a player, that’s why. Jesse has dated half the girls in this town.”
“Isn’t that what dating is all about, trying to find the right person? I mean, I’ve dated lots of guys, and—”
She shrugged. “Fine, honey. It’s your heart that’ll get broken, not mine.”
I wasn’t sure what to stay. I wanted to tell her to butt out because it was my chance to take, but instead, I just kept my mouth shut.
She shot me a serious look. “Look, Jesse’s a great friend to have, but if you step out of the friend zone, it will go all to hell. Trust me. I know firsthand.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said, assuming she was just jealous.
At that moment, our almost-heated conversation was stopped when our boss, Ms. Aikers, walked in and met Jeanie’s gaze. “I need you to check all the enclosures and make sure every animal is in its place.”
“What’s up?” Jeanie asked.
“Somebody was attacked and killed by an animal. The sheriff is out front. We have to make sure none of our animals have escaped, especially the bears. This is top priority, and I’m putting every employee on top of it.”
“Oh my gosh! Who was killed?” she asked.
“A tourist, hiking in the woods.”
“That’s gonna be front-page news,” she said. “The media is gonna swarm this place if it’s got anything to do with us.”
“I know,” Ms. Aikers said, looking at both of us with a worried expression on her face. “Let’s just hope none of our animals got out.” With that, she stormed out of the room.
At that very moment, the wolves crossed my mind, and I feared that the same group of brave, possibly rabies-infected canines had devoured someone. “I ran into a pack of wolves in the forest that weren’t acting…natural,” I chimed in.
“Really?” Mr. Aikers said.
“Yes. They stalked me and my friends and—“
Jeanie laughed. “That’s ridiculous,” she said, and before I could say another word, she bolted out the door, with me hot on her heels.
We checked every pen in the zoo and were relieved to find that all of the zoo animals were present and accounted for. Still, it didn’t make me feel much better. Somewhere in those woods, someone had been killed, and I was sure those wolves had something to do with it.


Chapter 9
When Jesse’s number showed up on my caller ID, I quickly answered.
“Taylor?” he said.
His voice sent shivers down my spine; hearing him say my name was an adrenaline rush like none I’d ever felt before.
“Yes, this is me,” I said.
“What are you doing on your day off tomorrow?” he asked.
“I don’t have any big plans. Why?”
“Do you like to rollerblade?”
“Sure.”
“Cool. I was wondering if you’d like to meet at the Alpine Pedal Path. It’s a paved path that runs along the north shore of Big Bear Lake.”
“I’ll be there!”
“Great!”
“Do you mind if I bring Max?”
“Sure. Is two p.m. all right?”
“Perfect,” I said.
“Goodbye, Taylor.”
“Goodbye,” I said, and he hung up the phone.
* * *
I thought Friday would never come, but it finally did. I dug through my boxes but couldn’t find the outfit I wanted. When I finally found my spring pastels, I threw on a white tank-top with a mint trim and a big mint and silver heart, and I had pants to match. I finished the summery look off with a cute white pair of sandals, but then I realized tennis shoes would be better for the occasion, so I slipped my bright white ones on. I took one last glance in the mirror and smoothed out my eye shadow. I wanted my makeup to look natural and not caked on since we’d be outside in daylight.
My heart leapt in my chest when Max and I pulled into the parking lot of the Alpine Pedal Path and I saw Jesse standing there. Again, I took in his chiseled features, and he looked so handsome and cute in his rollerblades and helmet that I simply had to rush out of the car with my dog to greet him. “C’mon, Max,” I said, “and you better be a good boy today.”
Jesse waved me over, and we hurried right up to him. Unfortunately, while I was breathlessly gazing into Jesse’s winter-blue eyes, my dog was not so happy to see him and wouldn’t stop barking.
“It’s okay, Max,” Jesse said.
To my surprise, the dog calmed down immediately and sat down next to me, still as a statue except for his wagging tail.
“Hi, Jesse,” I said, overcome by that feeling in the pit of my stomach, as if I’d swallowed a hornet’s nest. We’d had a few simple conversations on the phone and via text outside of work, but this was our first official date, and I hoped we wouldn’t be encumbered by too many awkward silences and uncomfortable moments.
“You’re early,” he said, smiling.
I held on to the leash in my hands. “I sooner be dead than late,” I said.
He reached for the leash, and I sat on the bench to put my rollerblade equipment on. As I adjusted my red helmet, I smiled. “Okay. I’m ready.”
He grinned. “Great.”
With Max’s leash tightly in my grasp, we started to skate down the mountain trail. It wound through a pine forest and meadows. Birds flitted overhead, and lizards sunned themselves on big granite rocks, absorbing the heat and all that Vitamin D. Max absolutely loved it and couldn’t stop smelling every little thing as we strolled by. It was such a nice change to breathe that fresh, clean mountain air after living in the smoggy city. In fact, it was like being in a completely different world.
“So…on the phone you said you wanted to talk to me about something in person,” Jesse said.
“Yeah. I just need to get something off my chest. I know I told you I don’t want to talk about that night, but I kinda need to.”
“What’s on your mind?” he asked.
“I feel like it was my fault that you got shot,” I said, almost tearing up from the guilt I’d been harboring.
“Why would you even think that?”
“If you hadn’t had to drive us home, it would have never happened.”
“Don’t even say that. You and Julie might have died, because neither one of you was in a position to drive safely.”
“I can’t believe that Jonathon guy was so high on drugs that he actually shot you. It’s just…crazy. How well do you know him?”
“He’s, uh…an acquaintance.”
“Well, I hope he gets his act together before he really hurts or kills somebody.”
“It’ll be taken care of,” he said, sounding like some godfather in a mobster movie. “In the meantime, thanks for keeping quiet.”
“I still don’t get why those wolves acted the way they did. Do you think they’re responsible for the attacks on tourists and hikers?”
“Maybe. A lot of weird things have been happening around here.”
“Yeah. Well, it’s over and done with, like a bad dream, and I just want to forget about it. I should’ve never let Julie take me to that party in the first place. I’ve definitely learned my lesson.”
He smiled as if he was glad to hear it.
“Let’s get off this lame subject about drugged-out crazies and infected wolves.”
“Right,” he agreed. “I’d love to know more about you,” he said. “Do you like to bike or play any sports? Collect stamps? Dance around to seventies disco music singing into a hairbrush when you’re bored?” he said with a grin, as if imagining it.
I laughed, envisioning it too. “I’m not really into philately, but I love to sketch designs. I have hundreds of virtual and hand-drawn designs, and I hope to go into fashion someday—maybe with my own clothing line or label.”
“You’re very creative.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that before, but the truth is, ideas can come at anytime. If I’m sitting at a restaurant and one hits me, I’ll sketch it out on a napkin.”
“I guess it’s best to get your idea down while it’s still fresh in your head.”
“Lots of fashion schools require a portfolio, so I’ve been trying to get one together.”
“Isn’t that hard?”
“Not really. Like I said, I have hundreds of ideas for clothes, accessories, and shoes.”
“Taylor, I know I haven’t known you that long, but I’m pretty sure you can do anything you put your mind to.”
“Thanks. When we moved here, I thought I’d have to give up my future career. I mean, when it comes to fashion, Big Bear Lake’s not exactly the center of fashion. Still, I’m learning to adjust and taking inspiration from the gorgeous natural surroundings and the wonderful people I’ve met here.”
“It must be nice to get away from all those beeping taxis, all the hustle and bustle. It’s so peaceful here. Besides, if you come up with your own label or line, you could just run a business online. We country folk have that there Interwebs too, ya know,” he said, smiling.
I laughed. “Right. Maybe I’ll start a huge Internet empire, a dot.com—or maybe I’ll just become a painter instead.”
“You paint too? Wow. Quite the artist, aren’t you?”
A smile curled up on my lips. “Drawing and painting have been hobbies of mine since I was a little girl. If the fashion thing bombs, I can always turn to one of those. With all the inspiration around here, all these beautiful landscapes and animals, I’m sure I’d have never-ending paintings to sell.”
“Right. You can stay in Big Bear Lake and become an artist.”
“I’d love to. I gotta admit, I’m falling in love with this place more and more every day,” I said, though I knew the guy rollerblading next to me had much to do with that. “It sure is beautiful and peaceful out here.”
“Your dog thinks so too,” he said, nodding toward Max, who looked to be having the time of his life.
I laughed. “He loves it out here. How long have you lived here?” I asked.
“I was born here, and there’s no way my mom would ever leave.”
“And your dad? I mean…if you don’t mind my asking,” I said, realizing it was a touchy subject for some people.
“He left before I was born,” he said.
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
“We’ve all gotten along without him,” he said.
“Is there someone besides you and your mom?”
“Yeah. I’ve got a brother and a sister.”
“Who is the oldest?” I asked.
“No one really.”
“Huh?” I asked, confused.”
He laughed. “We’re triplets, all seventeen. Technically, Sam is the oldest, then Kierra, then me.”
“What’s it like growing up as one-third of a set of triplets?”
“We’re pretty close, and my brother and sister are awesome, even if they can be annoying sometimes. Kierra is really bossy at times, and I swear Sam lives to embarrass me.”
I laughed. “Yeah, siblings can be like that.”
“Oh? I thought you were an only child.”
“No. I have two brothers and one sister, but they’re all grown and are out on their own. I’m the baby, the last one to leave the nest.”
“Another thing we have in common. We’re both the youngest.”
I laughed. “I guess so!”
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m ready to get out there and tackle the world head on. I dream of traveling around the globe. I’ve been stuck here my whole life, and now that I’m almost eighteen, I want to see what lies beyond Big Bear Lake.”
“Any particular places you want to visit?”
“So many!”
“Name one.”
He started gliding, skating backward so he could face me while he talked. “I want to surf in Teahupoo, Tahiti. There are these unbelievable swells that roll over a shallow coral reef. I’ve read and heard that catching a wave is just like flying. Most people who see waves as tall as Mount Everest would run in the other direction but not me. I’d love to ride them.”
“I had no idea you’re so adventurous. What are some other things you’d love to do?”
His eyes lit up, as if he’d been waiting for someone to ask him that for years. “I also want to heli-ski down the Chugach Range in Alaska.”
When Max spent too much time sniffing a flower, I gave him a gentle tug. “Helicopter ski?” I asked.
“Yeah. You ski down this huge mountain, and if you wipe out, you cartwheel. It’s like falling in space, except you reconnect with the snow every fifty feet or so. I also want to paraglide over the Grand Tetons and swim with sharks in Florida, without a cage, of course.”
“Maybe you could wrestle a gator in the Everglades,” I said.
“Yeah! I’ll definitely add that to my list. I’d love to drive crazy speeds across frozen lakes in Arjeplog, Sweden and do a ninety-MPH donut!”
“Wow. Those are some risky goals you’ve got there, but they sound like a blast.”
“There are some places in California I’d like to check out too, like Laguna Beach, for body-surfing, body-boarding, diving, and tide-pooling.”
“A thrill-seeker, huh?”
He grinned. “That I am.”
I pointed to his tattoo, solid black, with curves that ended in points and interlocked in complex patterns and abstract designs. “Tell me more about that. I noticed it the first day at work, but I was too embarrassed to ask.”
He lifted his short sleeve. “Oh. Well, this is the symbol of strength, power and bravery.” He pointed to the swirls in his design. “These represent the past, present, and future.”
I pointed to the ankh in his design. “I recognize this one. I have a cross like it.”
“Cool. I thought long and hard before I settled on this design. It has a lot of symbolism in it. If I was going to have something on my arm forever, I wanted it to mean something.”
“So every single line and shape has meaning?”
“Yes. I wanted something special and unique to me.”
I traced the lines on his arm. “I love it. When did you get it done?”
“Last year.”
“It’s really cool, Jesse.”
“Thanks.”
“Tell me, is Big Bear Lake this pretty in the winter?”
“Believe it or not, it’s even more incredible. The skiing is amazing.”
“I wouldn’t know. I’ve never skied before.”
“You will…and I will teach you. You’ll be off the bunny hill in no time.”
I was taken aback that he was talking as if we might actually have a future as friends or even something more. “Wow. I never thought I’d have such a handsome ski instructor—or any ski instructor, for that matter.”
We gradually picked up the pace, taking long, smooth strides, then cruised effortlessly down the trail. I enjoyed the thrill and speed, and I was glad Max’s four furry legs enabled him to keep up with my eight wheels. I glanced up briefly and caught sight of an eagle flying majestically overhead, only to be followed by a pelican a few minutes later. The lake was amazing, and it looked like an oil painting with the beautiful mountains for a backdrop. Max barked at the wildlife on the lake, and I couldn’t help but smile when I saw a mama duck with all her little chicks paddling along behind her.
When we stopped skating for a moment to take in all the panoramic beauty, I turned to meet Jesse’s gaze. His thumb brushed across my skin, sending ripples of excitement through me where he’d touched. I couldn’t take my eyes off of him, and in that moment, I truly imagined what it would be like to kiss him, to be held lovingly in those strong arms of his. I could tell by the longing in his sky-blue eyes that he was looking for a sign that I wanted more, and that made the moment all the more thrilling. He cradled my hand ever so gently in his as our eyes locked. I was fixated on his piecing stare; even the sky behind him paled in comparison to the glory of his gaze, and the heat from his hand felt like a thousand suns. I could have sworn my heart almost stopped.
His gaze sizzled with challenge, as if he was just daring me to go ahead and kiss him. I desperately wanted to, as red-hot flames of arousal burned through me like a raging forest fire. How can I resist such temptation? How could any girl resist him? I thought. But then I tore my gaze away and stared at the water trying desperately to regain my composure. Everything was silent other than the blood gushing through my temples from the excited and hopeful beat of my heart. I wondered what he would do if I got up and pulled him into my loving arms and engaged him in a deep kiss.
However, it was our first date, and I didn’t want him to think poorly of me in any way. As badly as I wanted to kiss him right then and there, in that place that looked like a postcard, I knew it was better to wait. I wanted to be different than the girls he’d met before, and I wanted him to see that I was.
* * *
Over the next week, I hung out with Jesse every chance I got. When we weren’t together, he still lingered in my head. We went for walks, long hikes, kayaking, and even jet-skiing. We chatted on my porch for hours and talked about everything.
One day, I was painting in our back yard, which was its own little paradise, thanks to Fred’s hard work. The sun was shining high in the sky like a bright yellow beach ball, and the birds were chirping in perfect harmony, with the crickets singing backup. I set up my easel and paints by the pond, where I could see all the ducks and ducklings gliding across the water. I was eager to paint a beautiful natural landscape, and, inspired by the breathtaking view around me, my hand with the paintbrush in it just glided over the paper, pouring all my creative energy into a work of art.
My mom approached from behind. “It’s stunning, Taylor,” she said.
I smiled. “Thanks, Mom, but it’s not done yet.”
“Are you coming inside for lunch?”
“Sure. Just give me ten more minutes.”
“I know very well that your ten minutes is an hour to anyone else,” she said, crossing her arms.
I smiled at the woman who knew me so well. “I know. You’re right. I’ll come now.”
“I haven’t seen you this happy in a long time, Taylor.”
“I just love it out here,” I said. “The sky is a deeper shade of blue, the grass is greener, the sun is brighter, the—”
“And the boys are cuter?” she asked, then winked. A big smile grew across her face.
It was evident all over again that I couldn’t hide anything from my mother, and I blushed. “Mom! I’m seventeen. I don’t meet boys. I meet guys.”
“You don’t have to tell me who he is, but I know you’ve met a nice young man—guy, boy, or otherwise. It’s written all over your face as clearly as that paint on your easel.”
I sighed in defeat. “You’re right. I have met someone, and he has shown me just how beautiful it can be out here. I don’t ever wanna leave.”
“You have no idea how happy I am to hear that. Pulling you out of your old school like that…well, I know it had to be hard to start over in your senior year.”
I grinned. “I don’t mind.”
“You’ve really adjusted well, honey, and I’m sure meeting new friends has helped.”
“Mom, this place is amazing. I love the forest. There’s fresh air to breathe. The birds sing beautiful songs. All this nature…and great people too! Who could ask for more?”
“Good! I wanted a fresh start for us, and I think we’ve found it. Your father and I love this place just as much as you do.”
“I’m finally over Sean. He’s nothing but a figment of my imagination.”
“I think that has to do with a certain boy…er, uh…guy you work with at the zoo.”
“Mom, Jesse is amazing. He loves animals and wants to be a veterinarian when he graduates. He’s so charming and friendly, not to mention so smart. We just have this fantastic connection. We get lost in each other’s eyes. I’ve never met a guy who has made me feel like that.”
“So…are you guys going steady?”
“What?” I shook my head at her. “Gee, Mom, nobody says that anymore.”
She laughed, embarrassed. “I suppose you’re right, but you know what I mean.”
“We’re just friends. I’d like there to be more, for him to be my boyfriend though. He looks like a Gap model, Mom! Can you imagine a guy like that on my arm?”
“I’m sure he’s adorable, dear, but don’t rush into a relationship. For now, just have fun and date.”
“You’re right, and that’s what I plan to do. We’ll take it slow and become good friends, then maybe move it to the next level and—”
“Taylor!”
“Dating, Mom! I mean I want to date him.” I let out a sigh. “I can’t explain it, but I’ve never felt anything like this.”
“I remember how I felt about your father. My head was spinning from all the red roses and heart-shaped boxes of chocolates he sent me. He was so handsome, and I was just smitten.”
“Jesse is too handsome. I think he’s out of my league.”
She shook her head and pushed a strand of hair behind my ear. “Oh, my darling daughter, don’t you even realize how beautiful you are?”
I smiled. “You have to say that. You’re my mom.”
She wrapped her arm around me. “You are a work of art all your own, Taylor—inside and out. I’d say that whether I was your mother or not.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
“I’d love to meet his parents.”
“It’s just him and his mother, his brother, and his sister.”
She furrowed a brow. “Where do they live?”
“Bear Lane.”
My mother’s eyes widened. “Really? Some of the most expensive homes in the area are out there. His mother must be wealthy.”
“I’ve never asked because I don’t care. Rich or poor, I like Jesse for who the amazing person he is.”
“Well, that settles it. You’ve been shot with Cupid’s arrow for sure.”
My face beamed. “Every time he looks at me, I feel this burst of energy.”
“I remember that feeling. Believe it or not, your father still gives it to me sometimes.”
“Gross, Mom,” I said, smiling at her. “Anyway, when I talk to Julie about him, I just babble and babble, go on and on, like I’m on a caffeine rush. I just can’t stop thinking about him.”
“Honey, you’ve got it bad, but remember that these heightened emotions and euphoria will eventually fade.”
“I don’t want them to—not ever. I’ve never felt this wonderful before. I don’t even know how to explain it. I just…I wish we could be together all the time. He makes me feel so calm, so serene, so…safe.”
“I’m sure you’re feeling physical attraction and some infatuation, but love has to be based on more than just that. It evolves in time. You’re in the beginning stages, but it has yet to blossom and grow before it will get stronger and deeper.”
“I’m not saying I love him, Mom. He just…”
“He’s swept you off your feet?”
“Yeah. Definitely that.”
“It sounds like a pretty severe crush to me, but whatever it is that has made you so happy, I’m just glad to see it. Your father and I are just as happy as you. I wasn’t so sure at first, but now I know it was a great idea to move here.”
“Mostly, I can’t believe how well I seem to fit in here, better than I ever did in New York. Maybe I was never a city girl after all.”
My mom motioned toward the house. “Let’s go get lunch.”
I smiled. “Thanks for listening, Mom.”


Chapter 10
It was Monday morning, time to go to work. As I ate pancakes with my parents, my dad smiled.
“What?” I asked.
“I’ve never seen anyone so happy to go to work.”
“I love working with the animals.”
“I’m sure the animals aren’t the only perks,” he said.
“Dad!” I said.
“Don’t embarrass the poor girl,” my mom admonished.
My dad set his newspaper down, folded it up, and looked at me. “She has to have met somebody pretty special, because I haven’t seen her eyes sparkle like this since…”
“Sean,” I finished for him since he didn’t have the nerve to say it.
“I’m glad you’re over him. He wasn’t right for you.”
“Sean’s a jerk,” I said. “I’m so over him.” I quickly guzzled down my orange juice as fast as I could. I didn’t want to talk to him about Jesse or my love life, at least not yet. “I’ve gotta go,” I said.
“You never used to keep secrets from me,” he complained.
“Dad, it’s no big deal. It’s just someone who—”
He smirked. “Is he cute?”
I laughed and rolled my eyes. “I’m gonna be late.” I kissed his cheek, then gave my mom a huge hug and kiss. “See you guys later.”
“Have a great day at work,” Dad said with a grin.
I smiled back at him. “I will.”
“Only one thing could put a look like that on a girl’s face,” I heard my father say as I walked out and shut the door behind me.
Like most seventeen-year-olds, I found my dad so embarrassing. I was almost grown, perfectly capable of handling my relationship without giving him a blow-by-blow description. Shaking my head, I started my car and screeched out of the driveway. I drove a candy metallic blue Ford Focus and loved it. I rolled down the windows and the music blasted.
* * *
Jesse rushed over to greet me when I clocked in at the zoo. “Hey, you!”
“Hi,” I answered, smiling up at him.
He smiled back. “I’ve been dying to see you.”
Before I could respond, Ms. Aikers walked straight toward me. Her hair was pinned up, and she was barely wearing any makeup, if any at all. She always looked nice but in a much more natural way than my New York bosses, who were always elaborately made up, with their hair perfect, wearing only the latest fashions. The people in Big Bear Lake dressed nice but nothing over the top like the people in the Big Apple.
The truth was, my parents had never liked New York. They’d only moved there when their books had taken off, at the demands of their publishers, but they’d never really been happy among all those skyscrapers. Big Bear Lake was different. My parents were more relaxed, happier, and loving it, and I felt the same. Of course it was more relaxing and scenic, but there was also a hot guy with light blue eyes that I just couldn’t stop staring at. Because of Jesse, I wanted to stay there forever.
“Taylor, I’d like you to work with Jesse today to move the ducklings to a larger enclosure,” Ms. Aikers instructed.
I nodded. “Sure. I’ll get right on it.”
She wrote something on her clipboard, then handed Jesse a summary of what we had to do.
At first, we worked together on the items on the list, but then we decided we could get things faster if we did our own thing for a while.
“Where should I set this?” I asked when I dragged the kiddie pool inside.
“In the corner,” Jesse said, “but let me help you.”
“I can handle it. I’m not some dainty daffodil. Besides, it doesn’t weigh much.”
“Wow. I’m impressed. I love a girl who can handle her own.”
I smiled. “You have no idea what I can handle,” I teased.
Jesse picked up the water hose and adjusted it to fill the pool. “These little guys and gals are gonna love their new swimming hole.”
“It’s so much bigger,” I said. “They’ll all have plenty of room now.”
“I know. I love watching the babies grow up, getting bigger and stronger every day.”
“There’s no better feeling than helping them out.”
“Let’s go get ‘em,” Jesse said.
We quickly scurried to the other room and each grabbed a fuzzy duckling. Jesse’s went right into the water, but mine squeezed out of my hands. Jesse and I laughed as we chased the squawking bird. Just as Jesse picked the stubborn little one up, I reached for his hands and suddenly lost my balance when I slipped in a puddle of water on the ground. In reaction, trying to catch me while still holding on to the duckling, his body twisted, and he tumbled backward. We burst out laughing when the duckling looked at us like we were silly and just waddled away.
Heat rushed to my face as I looked over at him. “Sorry,” I said.
“Don’t be,” he answered, pushing a long, curly piece of hair out of my eyes. “You can knock me off my feet anytime.”
When our eyes locked, my smile was automatic.
“You have the most beautiful smile,” he said.
“Thank you.”
He locked his fingers in mine and brushed his thumb over my skin, sending shivers down my spine.
Suddenly, I felt tiny webbed feet walking over my shoe. I gently picked the naughty duckling up and set her in the water. She happily glided through the water, loving her new pool, and the others looked just as happy when Jesse placed them in with her.
“Are you ready to feed them?”
“Minnows?” I guessed.
“Try crickets,” he said as he picked up a Styrofoam cup with hundreds of chirping insects inside. “We need to make sure the ducklings can eat when they’re released. Let’s throw a few in and see if they’ll catch them like they’ll have to in training.”
I picked up a wiggly cricket and smiled. “Here it goes!” I said as I tossed the bug into the water.
Jesse tossed a few in as well, and within minutes, the babies started diving and swallowing them up. It was a good sign that they were learning how to feed themselves, even without their mother around to teach them. It was refreshing to know that in some small way, we were preparing them to survive and live a happy life outside on the lake, where they really belonged.
* * *
When I got home from work, I found a note letting me know that my parents had gone out to dinner and a movie and would be home late. My mom had left me some chicken and mashed potatoes in the microwave, so all I had to do was heat my dinner up. I still had those pesky butterflies dancing around, though, having spent the whole day with Jesse, and that totally killed my appetite.
I watched television until about eight p.m. After flipping through the unopened mail, I jumped into the shower. As the soothing, hot water danced across my skin, many thoughts ran through my head, most of which were about Jesse.
About twenty minutes later, I dried off and slipped into a fluffy pink robe and slippers. When my stomach began to growl, I decided to heat up my dinner while I got dressed for bed. I walked downstairs to the kitchen and threw my food in the microwave.
I jumped when Max started barking. “Max! Be quiet. You scared me to death, boy!”
As I walked over to sit at the kitchen table, I saw why Max was barking: Through the sliding glass doors, I could see a figure moving My heart lurched. It was only for a split second, but I could have sworn it was someone dressed in black from head to toe, including a black ski mask.
Max ran to the window and started growling and barking.
I frantically reached for the landline phone, only to discover that it was dead as a doornail, just as I feared I was about to be. My gaze shot to my purse. “My cell!” I exclaimed. I reached my purse in two strides, but chills flooded through me when I realized my cell phone wasn’t in it. It suddenly dawned on me that someone else had been messing with the phones. I swallowed hard as I spun in a slow circle, my nerves on complete edge. My stomach dropped when I came to the realization that someone was outside, so I couldn’t even run. My biggest worry was that someone was inside as well, because I knew for a fact that I’d left my cell in my purse.
My fingers hurriedly rummaged through the kitchen drawer for a knife. When I found one that I thought sure would do the trick, I clutched it tightly, then glanced out the window. The moon sliced through the darkness, and shadows shifted in the blackness beyond.
I didn’t see anyone, but when the television shut off and complete silence filled the air, I had never felt so utterly alone. “Max!” I said. “Come here.” As the dog sat by my feet, I sucked in a trembling breath.
Next, the power went out, and everything went black. I forced myself to walk to the drawer where I knew I could find a flashlight. My trembling fingers wrapped around the cold metal, and I switched it on. The beam wavered in my shaking hands.
A growl echoed from the living room, one I knew didn’t belong to Max. What the heck was that? The knife in my hands shook. I’d never been so frozen with fear before, not even during the mountain lion attack or when we’d been surrounded by wolves. I was scared to go outside, but I was more terrified of whatever was in the living room. I tried to reason what could be growling. Maybe a stray dog got inside somehow. Maybe my parents adopted another dog and didn’t tell me.
Max kept growling and barking, then shot off into the living room.
“Max!” I cried, but the only answer was silence.

Chapter 11
My loyal and faithful companion had taken off into the dark living room.
With my heart pounding nearly out of my chest, I took a few daring steps forward. “Max?” I whispered. “Max, come back.”
Heavy breathing echoed in the air, and my heart thumped wildly. A few long growls made the hair on my neck stand on end. I gripped the knife tightly. Feeling like I was cornering a wild animal, I took slow, measured steps. A howl pierced my ears, a sound that only a wolf could make. Nearly paralyzed by fear, I somehow managed to carefully back up, abandoning my plan to take a good look.
“No! I have to help Max,” I said to myself, shining my flashlight around the darkness.
At the sound of another howl, I jumped back. My heart had never beaten so fast before, and the floor creaked with every step I took. My flashlight beam swung around, but I didn’t see anything in the dim light. Sweat coated the palms of my hands as I stood there holding my breath, listening for any sounds, trying to hang on to what was left of my sanity.
Then, a ravenous moan echoed from across the room, and a sudden panic flooded through me. I paused, drew a deep breath, and pressed myself against the wall. I could hear something shuffling in the living room. I took a deep, trembling breath, my beam wavering as I whipped my flashlight all around.
A scratching noise made me jump, especially since it was coming from directly behind me. Gasping for breath, I turned around. There was Max, outside and scratching at the glass. I had no clue how he got out, but as I was trying to figure that out, my poor dog let out a long yelp and then started barking.
I bolted into the kitchen and grabbed my purse. Regardless of what was outside, I had to get out of that house, and since Max was already out, I didn’t have to worry about deserting him. I opened the sliding glass door, my heart threatening to explode. I turned on the back porch light. Holding the knife tightly, jutting it out in front of me like some kind of horror movie menace, I glanced around. My legs took off, carrying me like a bat out of hell to the driveway in front of the house. My senses were on high alert, and I glanced over my shoulder to make sure my trusty canine companion was keeping up with me.
Just as I opened my purse and grabbed my keys, a howl came from inside the house. When I glanced up, I saw that the front door was wide open, and I realized that had to be how Max had gotten out and whatever it was had gotten in.
Move! I thought, but I almost couldn’t breathe. Find the right key. I couldn’t hold on to the flashlight, the keys, and the knife, so I slipped the flashlight into my robe pocket. My hands shook as I tried to open the car door. Max was barking, and I knew something was coming. The door opened, Max jumped in, and I started the ignition. Then a thought occurred to me: I’d forgotten to check the back seat. My stomach clenched, and I quickly looked back there. Relieved to see no one and nothing but a few fast food wrappers, I let out a breath and put the car in reverse.
Everything was a blur as I sped down the road. I was still gasping for breath as I pulled into McDonald’s, still dressed in my robe. I contemplated going inside for help, but I knew I would have looked ridiculous in that getup, and I was sure no one would take me seriously.
Max barked, as if asking me what was going on.
I petted his head. “It’s okay, boy,” I said.
As I looked at the passenger’s seat, I noticed that the dog was actually sitting on my long-lost phone. I had no idea how my phone got inside the car, because I was sure I’d put it in my purse, but I picked it up and, without hesitation, dialed Jesse.
“Hello?” he said.
“Jesse! Oh my gosh! You aren’t gonna believe this.”
“What’s wrong?”
“I…we…uh…there was this noise, and then the lights went out and—”
“Are you okay?” he asked, clearly confused and concerned by my panic.
“No, Jesse, I’m not.”
“Where are you?”
“I’m sitting here at McDonald’s in my bathrobe, if that’s any indication how not okay I am! There was something in our house, so I got creeped out and bolted. I’m not sure whether to call my parents or the police.”
“You were home alone?”
“Yeah. Mom and Dad are on a date, at a late movie.”
“Okay. Just sit tight. I’ll be right there.”
“Okay,” I said, then hung up.
It seemed like it took forever, but he finally showed up. When he pulled up next to me, I ran out of the car and into his arms. “Oh, Jesse!”
“Taylor, you’re shaking.”
“I was so scared,” I said, sobbing.
“What happened?” he asked.
I explained the entire story, and he listened intently, never doubting me once. “Do you think somebody tried to rob the house?” I desperately asked. “Maybe the intruder was shocked when he heard me taking a shower. Maybe he wasn’t expecting anyone to be home, so he just ran out and left the door open, and some wild animal came in.”
“Did you notice that the door was open after you took your shower?”
“I came down the back stairs, so I didn’t notice.”
“Maybe you’re right, to some degree. Maybe you did spook a robber, and he left in a hurry without shutting the door behind him and something got in by accident. But what I don’t understand is why he’d come back. If he was scared off, he shoulda been long gone, so why would he come back and look through the sliding glass doors? If he wanted back in, why didn’t he just use the open door?”
I smoothed out my robe. “You must think I’m crazy.”
“No. We’ll figure this thing out. I’m here for you, Taylor.” He gave me a long hug, and I was sure he could feel my entire body trembling.
“I know I look ridiculous, but I was too petrified to put clothes on. I just wanted to get out of there.”
“I know. And you just look…cuddly, if you ask me. Let’s go back and take a look,” he said.
I sucked in a trembling breath. “I don’t want to, Jesse. I’m scared.”
“It’s your house, and I’ll be right there with you. I promise I won’t let anything happen to you, Taylor—not ever.” He paused. “Unless you want to go inside for a shake or a burger or something.”
I laughed. “In this? No way.”
He smiled. “Trust me, I’ve seen worse in McDonald’s after dark. Anyway, if you think you’re up to driving, I’ll follow you back.”
“Okay.”
Back at the house, I didn’t notice anything out of place, and my parents weren’t home from their date yet. I held on to Jesse’s arm as he glanced around, using the bright moonlight to guide our way.
“The door is still wide open,” I observed.
We walked into the living room, and I flicked on the switch.
“Hey, at least the lights work now.” I glanced around but didn’t see anything out of the ordinary, no mud or footprints or overturned furniture or broken glass or anything to prove I wasn’t hearing things or going crazy. There was nothing to support my claim. I shut the door and locked it.
We walked through the downstairs and into the kitchen. Jesse told me to wait at the table while he bravely checked the upstairs. After a minute or two, I heard him yell, “All clear up here.”
“You must think I’m crazy,” I said when he walked back in the kitchen.
“Not at all. Something was here. I can smell it.”
“You think it was a wolf? Because I heard howling, clear as day.”
“Definitely a wolf…but there was something else too.”
“What?” I asked, not sure if I wanted to hear the answer.
“There were two intruders,” he said.
“I thought so. The robber and the wolf who decided to take advantage of an open door.”
“It’s complicated, but I swear I’m gonna find out what happened. You weren’t imagining things, Taylor, and it was smart for you to bolt out of here when you did.”
“What if it was Jonathon?” I asked with a shudder.
“Not possible. He’s…out of town.”
“Maybe he was, but what if he came back?”
“Like I said, not possible,” he said, sounding absolutely sure.
“You’re right. He probably would’ve killed me in the shower, just like Norman Bates.”
A car pulled in the driveway.
When I opened the door and recognized the vehicle, I was relieved. “Thank God. It’s just my parents.” I threw my arms around them as soon as they stepped in the door.
My father looked at me, noticing that I was in a robe and slippers, then looked at Jesse and raised an eyebrow. “What’s going on?” he shouted, absolutely livid. “We leave you alone for one night, and you invite a boy over? Why are you dressed—or rather, undressed—like that?”
“Dad!”
He looked at Jesse again, this time with anger washing over him. “Go home, young man. Get out of my house!”
“Mom,” I said, “please make Dad stop. He doesn’t know the whole story. It’s not what you think.”
“I trusted you, Taylor,” he said, shaking his head.
“Let her explain,” my mom pleaded.
I touched my dad’s arm. “Please, Dad! Jesse just got here. Somebody broke in, so I called him over to help.”
“What?” he asked in disbelief. “Someone broke in? With you here by yourself?”
I explained the entire story to my parents.
My dad’s tone softened. “I’m sorry, Jesse. I shouldn’t have jumped to conclusions. I-I’m sorry I didn’t trust you.” He then turned his gaze to me. “You’ve been through a horrible experience, and I shouldn’t have accused you of anything. I apologize.”
“It’s okay, Dad. I know it didn’t look very good.”
My mom wrapped her arm around me. “Baby, you’ve had a rough evening. Would you like me to make you some hot chocolate?”
“Mom, I’m not ten anymore, but thank you.”
“You stayed up late with Julie last night watching horror movies,” my dad said. “What if you imagined the robber? Are you sure it wasn’t just a shadow?”
“Dad, the door was left open, and the power went out,” I retorted.
“You’re tired from work, hon’. It’s easy for a tired mind to wander and—”
“I would have remembered leaving a door open. I heard a wild animal howling.”
“We live in the woods, dear. If the door was left open, something probably wandered in.”
I swallowed hard. “Dad, I didn’t leave the door open,” I said again. “Like I said, the power even went out. I had to get the flashlight out of the drawer.”
“We’re in a remote area, and the wind really picked up tonight. It could’ve easily knocked the power out temporarily.”
“I’m gonna go, now that you folks are here with her,” Jesse said.
“Goodbye, Jesse,” I said, gazing into his eyes. “Thanks for coming over and checking out things for me.”
“Not a problem.”
“Thanks, Jesse,” my dad said, swallowing his pride and his accusations.
“Yes, thank you, Jesse,” my mom said. “You take care of yourself, now, and have a good evening.”
After Jesse was gone, I turned to my mother. “I was so scared, Mom. My entire body was shaking.”
She looked at me with concern on her face, the way she had when I was little and had a fever. “I’ve never seen you this terrified before, sweetheart.” She turned to my dad. “Something scared her. If she says she saw an intruder, I believe she saw someone. Maybe we should call the police.”
“I’m sure everything is okay now,” my dad said. “Nothing seems to be missing or damaged.” As if he refused to believe the obvious, he turned to me and said, “Honey, maybe you’re just having a hard time adjusting to such an isolated life out here in the woods, or maybe you’re missing Sean. I know how much you cared about him.”
“Dad, I know I cried for over a month when we broke up, but I’m over him. Besides, this has absolutely nothing to do with him. Sean breaking up with me was the best thing that ever happened to me.”
My mom wrapped her arm around me. “How was dinner? I made spicy chicken. Did you like it?”
“I didn’t eat,” I said. “I was warming it up in the microwave when I saw that man through the glass.”
“That’s too bad, darlin’. Let me warm it up for you.”
“I’m really not hungry now, Mom.”
“How about something to drink?”
“I’d love that. Surprise me.”
My mom smiled, and I headed up to my room. I replayed the entire situation in my head. Maybe I did overreact, but I know that growl was real. It was so loud! I was glad I didn’t check it out on my own, or I might not have lived to tell the tale.
With that thought on my mind, I slipped into a nightgown and crawled into bed. I usually kept the door closed when I slept, but this time, I left it open.
A few minutes later, my mom stepped in with a steaming mug of cocoa.
“Hey, Mom,” I said with a smile.
“Hi, honey. Look, I know you’re not a child anymore, but I also know you still love hot chocolate, especially loaded with marshmallows.”
“I have to work early tomorrow, so I hope it won’t keep me up.”
“It shouldn’t. At least have a few sips. Goodnight, honey.”
“Goodnight,” I said. “And, Mom…”
“Yes, honey?”
“Please leave the door open, just this once.”


Chapter 12
When morning dawned, I peeked out the window and into the woods. I didn’t see any intruders lurking around. It was actually beautiful outside, complete with all the shining sun and chirping birds the outdoors had to offer.
In hindsight, I felt silly for asking Jesse to meet me at McDonald’s when I was barely dressed and hysterical. I realized now that I should have called my parents and left him out of it. I was relatively certain he didn’t want to date a stark-raving lunatic, but the damage had already been done.
Realizing I couldn’t turn back time, I took a shower, put my uniform on, and left for work.
* * *
Again when I clocked in for work, Jesse was waiting for me.
He looked so handsome in his uniform and with his hair tied back, and I felt a flutter as he pulled me aside. “How did you sleep?” he asked.
“Look, Jesse, I’m sorry I bugged you last night. I’m so embarrassed. I should have—”
“You have nothing to be embarrassed about,” he cut in, speaking with heartfelt sincerity.
“I beg to differ. I was at McDonald’s in a robe.”
“Technically, you were in the parking lot.”
I smiled at his attempt to make me feel better. “I guess. But anyway, I’ve had enough of the wild animals around here. They’ve gotta do something about their wolf problem.”
He smiled. “I totally agree.”
Ms. Aikers approached us, bid us a quick “Good morning, folks,” then handed us our assignments for the day.
“Looks like my job’s for the birds today,” Jesse said. “I guess that’s all right. I’ve been missing Beauty Queen.”
I glanced down at my assignment sheet. “Mine’s worse. She put me on cage cleanup.”
“I can get my stuff done pretty quick, and then I’ll come over and help you,” he offered, ever the good Samaritan.
“That’s so nice of you. Thank you, Jesse.”
“Not a problem. I’ll see ya later.”
“Okay,” I said with a big smile.
* * *
I was mopping one of the empty cages when screams echoed in the air. I quickly threw down the mop and hurried out to find a crowd of people gathered around the cage across from me, screaming in panic about a five-year-old who had fallen into the mountain lion’s cage. The child was unconsciousness in the enclosure, and the big cat was quickly approaching. Shouts and cries pierced the air, especially from the little one’s mother.
“Can you help?” the kid’s mother yelled at me, noticing that I was wearing a zoo uniform.
“Uh…” Not sure what to do, I began to scream and yell and try to get the animal’s attention. When that didn’t work, I reached down and grabbed several rocks, then started throwing them at the mountain lion. The animal didn’t even flinch, as its attention was completely absorbed by the child.
Suddenly, zoo workers entered the pen and desperately tried to get to the child as the mountain lion snarled at them.
Its menacing growl made me shudder, and when I felt a tap on my shoulder, I jumped like an NBA player.
“What’s happening?” Jesse asked.
“A kid fell in!” I said.
Without waiting for any further explanation, he took off in a flash to help the other workers. On the way over to help, I ran into my boss.
“Taylor, stay back,” she said.
“But I want to help, and—”
“You stay right here,” Ms. Aikers commanded. “We’re getting tranquilizer guns.” The woman looked frazzled, more shaken up than I’d ever seen her before.
My gaze shot to the pen. Just as Jesse hopped in, the mountain lion lunged at one of the zoo workers and sank its teeth into the bald man’s head, causing blood to gush everywhere. Somehow, Jesse managed to pry the animals jaws open and free the man, and the victim gasped for breath and crawled away. That left Jesse face to face and alone with the big, angry cat. The bald man was three times Jesse’s size, so I didn’t know how Jesse could possibly escape the animal.
“Jesse!” Jeanie shouted. “Get out of there!”
I knew it was better if Jesse didn’t run, if he just stayed and confronted it, tried to look big and bad. If Jesse tried to run, the cat would only be instinctively driven to give chase, and Jesse would become helpless prey.
The lion snarled and focused on Jesse, and I wondered why Jesse wasn’t screaming and yelling at it or lifting up and flailing his arms, all the usual tactics for getting away. Instead, he just looked at the animal and calmly spoke to it, boldly staring into its eyes. The mountain lion turned and calmly walked to the back of the enclosure and just waited, and the other workers cautiously rushed in and grabbed the child.
When Jesse came out, I ran into his arms. “I was so worried,” I said. “You’re so brave.”
Jesse was smoking hot, but he was also the most caring, selfless person I’d ever met. He was a hero, with a heart to help others, and I’d already been on the receiving end of that more than once. It was yet another of the amazing qualities that drew me to him like a fly to honey.
He gazed into my eyes. “I didn’t mean to worry you, but I had to help that kid.”
Jeanie rushed over and hugged Jesse long and tight. “Jesse, you scared me half to death,” she said. “But, as always, you’re a hero. As a matter of fact, a news team is waiting at the office to interview you.”
“How did they get here so quick?” I asked.
“They were already here, doing a piece on the grizzlies,” Jeanie said.
“Great,” Jesse said. “Just great.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“I don’t like the spotlight. I didn’t do anything but what had to be done.”
“Are you crazy, Jesse? You saved a little kid and Bob. You deserve your fifteen minutes of fame and then some, so quit being so humble.”
“Jesse,” I said, “she’s right. You did something wonderful here today. You saved two lives. If that’s not newsworthy, I don’t know what is.”
He looked at Jeanie. “How is Bob anyway?”
“The EMTs said he’s fine. He just needs a few stitches.”
“Thank God,” Jesse said. “That thing had hold of his head pretty good.”
“Yeah, and he would be dead if it weren’t for you,” Jeanie said, her red ponytail swishing from side to side as she spoke. “You aren’t going to be able to pull this one off like Batman, lurking around in the shadows and saving people without anyone seeing you. Everybody’s got a digital camera and camera phone these days, and the whole thing’s gonna be on YouTube going viral in the next five minutes.” She smiled. “You’ll probably get Employee of the Month out of it.”
He closed his eyes and exhaled. “I’ve just majorly screwed up. I gotta go.”
“Screwed up?” I asked, confused. “Jesse, what’s wrong?”
His eyebrows furrowed into a deep line. “I’m in a whole lot of trouble, that’s what.”
“With who?”
“I’ve gotta run,” he said, refusing to talk about it.
“Nobody should be mad you jumped in there. I think it’s admirable that you’d even take that kind of a risk,” I said, presuming he was talking about his mother.
“She won’t see it that way,” he said.
“Jesse, if you need anything, I’m here for you.”
“Thanks. That means a lot. I’ll call you later.” He turned and left without another word.
Jesse had a certain sense of mystery and moodiness about him. He wasn’t telling me everything, and I knew he was hiding something, but I didn’t want to press the issue. I was sure that in time, he’d fill me in on everything. For the time being, I just wanted to be as supportive as possible.
Suddenly, Jeanie’s voice jerked me out of my thoughts. “Jesse’s mom hates it when he’s in the limelight. She’s really weird about it, like she wishes he was a hermit. I think she maybe kidnapped him or something.”
I cocked a brow. “What makes you say that?”
“She won’t let him be in the spotlight for any reason. One time, we did this big campaign for the zoo online, and Jesse’s picture was in it, holding one of the bear cubs. She was livid and marched right down here, demanding that Ms. Aikers remove his picture immediately. She caused so much trouble that his picture was taken down twenty-four hours later. Then one other time, after the zoo helped to cure three geese who had been shot with arrows, a local photographer took photos of him during their release. His mother actually paid the guy some outlandish sum of cash for the memory card so he couldn’t publish the pictures.”
“Maybe she’s just a very private person.”
“She goes overboard.”
“What does she look like?”
“She’s pretty—tall and thin, with light blue eyes and dark hair like him,” Jeanie said. “Anyway, we better get back to work. I’m sure Aikers isn’t gonna be in a good mood after all this.”
I nodded. “Yep. Back to mopping floors in stinky cages.”
“No rest for the weary,” she said.
I chuckled. “You got that right!”


Chapter 13
A few weeks passed, and I didn’t see much of Jesse. His mother, furious with him after the incident at the zoo, had grounded him and wouldn’t let him out for any reason. I didn’t get what the big deal was, and I found his mom to be a little odd. Jesse said she didn’t like guests either, so he never invited me over; whenever we got together, it was always at my house or somewhere else. My parents, on the other hand, had met him a few times, and while they thought he was very polite and a nice guy on the surface, there was something about him that they just didn’t trust. My guess was that he didn’t fit up to the preppy image they expected me to date. They hated his shoulder-length hair and labeled him a bad boy just by looking at him.
Meanwhile, the ducklings had grown. They were strong and healthy and ready to be released, and Ms. Aikers had given us permission to set them free. In our zoo uniforms, we stood beside Bear Lake, admiring the scenery and the gun glistening on the water. After a few minutes, Jesse took the animal carrier out of the company Jeep and opened it, and the five little ducks waddled into the water and glided away from us.
Jesse smiled in victory. “We did it,” he said.
“We sure did.” I’d never felt so happy. It was the most rewarding feeling, and I couldn’t stop smiling.
As Jesse and I watched the birds swim around the big lake, I felt his hand slip into mine. All over again, that familiar electricity flowed through me. I couldn’t believe a guy like him was holding the hand of a girl like me.
“I see why you love your job so much,” I said. “They look so happy out there.”
His blue gaze lingered on me as he tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. When he smiled, his white teeth gleamed.
Bzzzz!
When his cell phone rang, he answered it. After a minute, he hung up and looked at me. “We have two pressing cases that need our immediate attention. There’s an orphaned baby squirrel that hasn’t eaten in days, and the bird that was trapped inside a tire in that huge puddle of oil is ready to be washed.”
I smiled and shrugged. “Duty calls.”
We jumped into the Jeep and sped off, heading back to the zoo.
* * *
We went straight to work, tending the hungry squirrel first and then the bird. It had a yellow bill and had a bare yellow skin patch behind its dark eyes. The bird was blanketed in black oil, so it was going to be a messy job. Jesse handed me a pair of long, yellow latex gloves, and I also put a waterproof apron around my neck to prepare for the job.
“This is a yellow-billed magpie,” Jesse said. “What’s unique about these birds is that they don’t leave California. They’re songbirds, part of the crow family. They eat acorns, insects, carrion, fruit, and berries. You can’t tell now because she’s covered in oil, but she’s black and white, one of California’s prettiest birds under all this sludge.” He held up the bird and smiled when it made loud clucking noises. “I think we’ll call her Sally.”
As he talked so enthusiastically about the bird, I couldn’t stop staring into his eyes. I loved his caring nature, his love for animals and his evident need to protect them—just more qualities to admire about Jesse. He was gorgeous, but there was so much more to him than his striking good looks. I could have listened to him every second, every minute of every day, and I never would have grown tired of his voice or of what he had to say. His dedication to this zoo and these animals amazed me. Some of the workers told me he spent countless hours there, even when he wasn’t getting paid. He’d often go in on his day off to feed a baby animal or bird, and he never once complained.
“How do you know it’s a girl?” I asked.
He shrugged. “I’m just guessing. She looks like a Sally to me. The only sure way is a blood test.”
“Then Sally it is,” I said with a grin. “When did she get here?” I asked.
Jesse slipped on his long yellow gloves and apron. “About a week ago.”
“Why’d they wait so long to clean her up?” I asked.
“Sally had to be stabilized first. At first, for almost a week, she was warmed and fed eight times a day. They also gave her a rehydrating solution with a feeding tube to help flush out all that oil she’d accidentally ingested. Now she’s ready to be cleaned. Since birds depend so much on their wings and feathers to function properly, removing this oil is her only chance at survival.”
“I’ve got the warm water,” I said.
“Good. We’ll make her a nice bubble bath with Dawn,” Jesse said. “This is definitely a two-person job, because she might squirm a little. I’ll hold Sally, and you wash her feathers really well.”
I nodded, indicating that I understood.
When Jesse approached with the bird, she squawked and flailed, but he managed to keep a good hold on the animal without hurting her. “Cleaning can be pretty stressful on the bird,” Jesse said.
“I can tell. She’s not used to this, so I can’t blame her.” He looked into the bird’s eyes and told it softly to calm down. Amazingly, Jesse’s soothing voice worked.
I began washing her feathers and wiping off the slick oil. I used a toothbrush and cotton swab to get all that caked oil out of her eyes and off of her little head. As I scrubbed the underside of the bird, I could see her iridescent blue-black color starting to emerge. Her belly, shoulders, and large patches on her wings were bright white. “Ew! The water is getting so black,” I said.
“We move to the next tub, then the third and fourth and so on, until the water is clear.”
Working so close to Jesse made my heart pound, especially when he sneaked me little glances and smiles.
“Jeanie told me about her warning that I’m some big, bad wolf,” he said, “but I’m not.”
“Jesse, it’s okay if you’ve dated other girls. I’ve dated lots of guys myself. There’s nothing wrong with searching for the right person.”
“Maybe, but I think I might be done searching.”
“Huh?” I said, stunned.
“I’ve never felt a spark with others girls like I feel with you, Taylor,” he said with heartfelt sincerity.
“Yeah? Well, I definitely feel a connection between us.”
He shot me his gleaming white smile.
As if she was annoyed that we were ignoring her, Sally flapped her wings, splashing both of us.
I laughed as soapy bubbles flew everywhere. “I’m soaked!” I said, grinning.
Jesse touched my face in a soft caress as he wiped the soap bubbles off my face. His blue eyes locked on me, and I couldn’t tear my gaze away from him. For just a second, it felt like he was looking not just at me but into me.
The door cracked open a minute later, and Jeanie walked in. “I was assigned to help you guys. And judging by how wet you look, you definitely need me. That little bird is kicking both your butts!”
Jesse and I looked at each other, then laughed.
I was off the clock at three p.m., but I stayed until eight, and so did Jesse. I never knew I’d take so much joy in helping animals. I didn’t even care about the money. All I cared about was being with Jesse and doing something I loved.
* * *
Julie and I decided to take Max for a walk in the woods, as her father had told her about a place that was the perfect spot for dogs. Fred had finished working on our back yard for the day, and he’d overheard me talking to Julie on the phone and had given me the look, so I made sure to invite him too. Julie drove us to the destination in her truck, and the three of us and Max jumped out.
I glanced around. “Are you sure we’re in the right spot? I don’t see any trails.”
“Yeah…we look lost,” Fred said.
Julie squinted against the sun. “Well, we’re here now. It can’t hurt to have a look around.”
“Need I remind you of bears, mountain lions, and wolves?” I asked.
Max glanced up at me and barked.
“See? Max wants to go for a walk,” Julie said. “This is all public property.”
“All right,” I said, pushing some large leaves and twigs out of my way. “We’ll go a little ways, then come back.”
“Great.”
I put Max on a leash. He barked, then hurried off into the woods, dragging me along.
Julie chased after me. “How about after this, we grab lunch. I’m craving a big, juicy burger.”
“Mind if Jesse joins us?” I asked.
Fred offered an exaggerated eye-roll.
“That’d be great,” Julie said. “It’d be nice to get to know him while I’m sober.”
I laughed. “Do you remember leaning against him and telling him how pretty his eyes are?”
She cupped her mouth. “No way! Did I really do that?”
I nodded as she looked away in embarrassment.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I know how much you like him. I promise I’ll never do that again.”
I laughed. “It’s okay. You were pretty smashed, and we both knew it.”
She grabbed Fred’s arm. “I was soooo wasted.”
He smirked.
We walked for a little ways and enjoyed the beautiful, serene landscape. Having come from New York City, I knew I’d never take all that natural beauty for granted. Streams of sunshine poured down through the towering trees all around us. Insects hummed, and birds chirped.
Max barked, then pulled so hard that I tripped over a log and let go of the leash.
“Max!” I wailed.
Fred offered his hand. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” I said, jumping to my feet and peering ahead, “but where did Max go?”
He pointed. “That way. I hear him barking.”
I shuddered, recalling the last time Max had gotten away. “I don’t know why he does that,” I complained. “He just takes off.”
“He’s a dog,” Julie said. “He’s just acting like one.”
“Well, I’m sick of it. I need to train him better.”
We stopped at wire fence with a “No Trespassing” sign on it. I yelled for Max to come back, but he refused again, just like the last time. Having no other choice, I slipped my leg over the fence and jumped over it.
“Wait. What are you doing? That’s private property,” Fred scolded, pointing at the sign.
“He’s right,” Julie said.
I shot her a look. “Since when do you care?”
“Since now,” she said, pointing at a long line of skulls dangling from a rope stretched from one tree to the next.
I gasped. “Are those…human?” I asked, completely frazzled.
She walked over to more closely inspect them. “No. Animal.”
I let out a sigh of relief. My gaze shot to a long, horizontal rock, about ten by three feet, carved with weird symbols and ancient writing. I traced the engraved letters with my fingers. “What do you think this means?” I asked.
“I have no idea what the symbols are, but the letters are in Latin,” Julie said, squinting for a better look at them in the bright sunlight.
“Latin?”
“Yeah. Maybe it’s some kind of memorial or something.”
“Think it’s a headstone?” I asked.
“I don’t know, but this whole place is givin’ me the creeps. I’m not going past that rock, dog or no dog.”
I pulled out my phone and snapped a picture. “There. Now we can Google it when we get back.”
Julie shuddered. “I wanna get out of here.”
“Wait here,” I said. “I have to get Max.”
“I’ll come with you,” Fred said, trying to sound brave and chivalrous.
She grabbed my arm, then Fred’s. “Are you two crazy? You guys can’t leave me here in Freddy Krueger’s back yard all by myself!”
I sighed loudly. “Then you’ll have to come with us. I’m not leaving my dog behind.”
“But it’s some kind of creepy cemetery, and—”
“Go or stay. It’s your choice.”
“You expect me to wait here by the skull collection and the hieroglyphic mummy headstone for some chainsaw-wielding maniac to come after me?” she said.
“You’ve watched too many horror flicks,” Fred said, laughing.
“Well, maybe that’s why I’m still alive. Consider it research.”
I sighed. “We’ll be right back. I can’t leave Max.”
“Let’s just wait here for a minute. Surely he’ll come back.”
The place was strange, even more frightening than the mountain lion, and I didn’t like the thought of my dog running around over there. My gaze shot to the animal skulls knocking together in the wind. My stomach was in knots. “Look, Julie, we have no idea who owns this land. They might shoot him on sight. Clearly, they’ve got no problem killing animals.”
“Fine. Let’s go get your dog,” she said, climbing over the fence. “But if I get killed, just know I’ll be back to haunt you.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” I said with a smile.
We walked through the thick woods, calling for Max. I stopped when I heard a twig snap, as if someone was following us. I took a deep breath to settle my overactive imagination, then pushed through some ferns that opened up like a doorway into an Easter-grass green meadow. There, we saw Max, barking at a fire ring made completely out of stones. I cocked a brow, confused. “Max?”
“He must be barking at a little animal,” Julie said, “like a mouse or something. It’s probably hiding behind one of those rocks.”
I gazed at all the rocks in the large ring, guessing someone had once camped there. But then, as I looked closer, I noticed a pile of boulders in the center, with a black tin box sitting on top of them. I swallowed an egg-sized lump in my throat. “Oh my gosh. Do you think this is some kind of…altar?”
Fred glanced around. “Whoa! Do you think they sacrifice animals out here?”
“Or humans,” I whispered.
Julie clutched her chest. “What if it’s some kind of satanic cult?” She picked up the black box and tried to open it, but it was too tightly sealed. “Won’t budge. I wonder what’s inside. Whatever it is, they’re trying to keep it a secret.”
“Dude, you touched it!” Fred said.
“One, I’m not a dude. Two, I’m sure it’s just an empty box,” Julie retorted.
“You don’t know that.”
“It’s light as a feather.”
“Maybe we should just leave it alone,” I said. “If I remember right, Julie, you didn’t even want to come over here.”
“I know,” Julie said with a gleam in her eye, “but aren’t you curious?”
“Maybe curiosity is what killed all those cats hanging on that clothesline back there,” Fred said.
“Yeah, we really shouldn’t be messing with it, Julie. I don’t wanna be cursed or something.”
“Do you really think it’s witchcraft?” Fred asked.
“Maybe it’s just teenagers experimenting,” I said, grabbing the box. “Let’s just put it back where we found it.” But as I held it, curiosity struck me, and I turned the box over in my hands several times, looking at it carefully. When the lid opened, seemingly on its own, I jumped.
“You did it!” she shouted. “What’s in there?”
The box was empty, but I read the words scrolled in dust: “You are the chosen one.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Julie asked. “Chosen for what?”
“How would I know?”
“Maybe you’re the chosen one because you opened up the box,” she said.
“That’s silly.”
“Maybe you’ll get superpowers or something cool like that.”
I playfully slugged her, then set the box down exactly where I found it. Letting out a trembling breath, I secretly recalled that old story of Pandora’s box, and I hoped I hadn’t unleashed some kind of evil on the world, my friends, or myself.
Fred bit his lip and pointed down at the rocks. “Look! The altar is surrounded by circular patches of burnt grass.”
“What burned it?” I asked.
“It looks like they were left by a ring of torches or candles.”
“So it was some kind of occult ritual!” Julie said. “Man, I don’t wanna be a Blair Witch sequel!”
“Enough with the horror movies,” I said, then glanced around and up into the trees, overcome by the eerie feeling that we were being watched. When the breeze stirred, I could have sworn I heard someone whisper my name, and I froze with fear.
“Taylor, what’s wrong?” Julie asked.
“I thought somebody called for me.”
“I didn’t hear anything but the wind,” Fred said, looking around.
I swallowed another lump. “Yeah. I’m sure it was just my imagination.”
All of the sudden, the wind picked up immensely, swirling our hair around our heads and rustling the trees violently, causing them to sway and creak.
Julie’s eyes widened. “What’s happening?”
Next, music began to play, an ancient melody in flutes and bells.
“That’s weird,” Fred said.
“Where’s the music coming from?” Julie asked.
I glanced around, darting my eyes in a slow circle, but I couldn’t tell where the sound was coming from. It was freaky, and a chill ran up my spine. I wanted to bolt, but my feet were suddenly glued to the ground, as if some invisible entity was holding me in place.
“Taylor,” a soft woman’s voice said lightly in my ear. “You’ve been marked. Know that you are in danger from my enemies. But do not fear, for you will have our protection until the full moon, the first day of the new year. Know that it is your destiny to free us from our curse.”
“Taylor!” Julie said, her face pale.
Fred softly gripped my shoulders, and I stared into his green eyes. “What’s wrong?” he said.
“Breathe,” Julie said, “and then tell me what’s happening.”
Beads of sweat rolled down my face as I gasped for air. I couldn’t talk. All I knew was that I needed to get away as fast as possible.
Suddenly, I could move my legs. I bolted toward Max and grabbed his leash. My heart was beating a million times a minute. “Let’s go!” I said between gasps, grabbing Julie’s arm and pulling her along. I gripped Max’s leash tightly with my other hand. We tore through the woods, past the weird rock and animal skulls, then jumped in her truck and breathlessly locked the doors.
“Go, go, go!” I shouted, glancing out the windows.
“What’s going on, Taylor?” she asked.
“Just start driving! I’ll tell you on the way!” I yelled.
“Yeah, let’s just get outta here,” Fred said. “That was freaky how the wind kicked up like that. And what was with that music?”
Julie put the truck in drive, and we sped away. No one said a word until she reached town and pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant.
“Taylor, what happened back there?” Fred asked.
“I-I don’t know. I can’t explain it.”
“Try.”
“You’ll never believe me.”
“Sure I would. I’m very open-minded.”
“And so am I,” Julie chimed in.
I glanced up. “Whoever owns that land is obviously practicing some kind of weird ceremonies out there. Maybe they summon spirits or something, because someone was talking to me in that wind.”
“Was it a really creepy voice?” Julie asked.
“No. It was a woman. She just sounded…ancient.”
“What did she say?” Fred asked.
“She said I’m in danger but that she’ll protect me.”
“Sounds like a guardian angel to me,” Julie said. “What’s so spooky about that?”
“She said she’ll only protect me until the new year.”
“What? So…after the ball drops, you’re on your own?”
“Yeah, I guess it’s temporary protection,” I said.
“What kind of danger are you supposed to be in?” Fred asked.
I pondered for a moment, thinking long and hard and trying to remember every word the wind-whisperer had said. “I have no idea.”
“Why would she want to help you?” Julie asked.
“I have no idea about that either.”
“Why didn’t you ask her?”
“I don’t know, Julie. Maybe because I was a little freaked out!” I said, growing a bit frustrated with the interrogation.
She opened her phone. “We should tell Jesse.”
I grabbed her hand. “Please don’t! As a matter of fact, let’s forget about lunch. I just wanna go home.”
“Sure, Taylor.”
I glanced at Fred. “Not a word to Jesse, Fred,” I said.
He nodded. “Mummy’s the word,” he joked. “What happens in the satanic campground stays in the satanic campground.”
“Thank you,” I said.
* * *
Back at home, I felt bad for canceling our lunch plans with Jesse, but I was too freaked out to see anybody. I just ran up to my room and locked the door. With trembling fingers, I uploaded the picture of the rock to my computer. Even when I zoomed in on the symbols, I couldn’t see them all that clearly, but I scribbled the letters and symbols down on my computer and started searching the Internet for clues.
An hour later, I’d still had no luck. Since Julie had mentioned Latin, I decided to try Google Translate. I carefully entered each letter, then pressed the button, eager to see what the message meant. Instantly, it was right there in front of my eyes in plain English: “Do not tread on this sacred ground. If you dare to walk on the land of our ancestors, you will die.”
I swallowed hard as I tried to process the message. Wait…am I gonna die because I stepped foot on some cursed land? I didn’t really believe in that supernatural hoopla, and I always turned the channel when those stupid ghost-hunting shows came on, but now my mind was running circles over all the possibilities.
* * *
Days passed, and nothing strange happened to any of the three of us or Max, so I decided the whole thing was just a hoax and that there was no reason to get so worked up about it.
When the weed whacker started whirring outside, I jumped up. I peered through the window and saw Fred working in the back yard, so I thought it was the perfect time to tell him my findings and see what he thought.
When Fred noticed me, he turned off the machine. He was covered in dust and dirt, with a pile of decapitated towering weeds lying at his feet.
“How about a drink?” I said, offering him a bottle of water.
He brushed off his clothes and smiled. “Thank you, Taylor.”
“You’re welcome,” I said, staring up into his eyes that were as green as the grass he was trimming.
“I’m just about to take a break. Mind if I spend it with you?” he asked.
“I’d love to. I found out some things, and I’d like to talk to you about them.” Fred was cute and a good friend, so I didn’t see any harm in sitting outside with him for a few minutes. My dad controlled his breaks, but I didn’t see him anywhere around, so I led Fred to the porch swing and sat down with him.
“Taylor,” he said, “you really like Jesse, don’t you?”
I wondered why he cared, and then it dawned on me that he might have a crush on me. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings, but I didn’t want to lie to him either. “I’m not sure where we stand, but yes, I like him very much. Honestly, I have the biggest crush on him.”
“I’ve been watching him…a lot,” he said.
That surprised me. “Do you like him too? If you do, I’d totally understand. I mean, he’s so hot that guys and girls might both be attract—”
“No! I don’t like guys, Taylor!”
“Oh.”
“It’s just that…well, his whole family has these creepy, light blue eyes.”
“Creepy? I think they’re beautiful.”
“Far from it. They’re hiding some deep, dark secret. Something’s just not right with those people. You shouldn’t be alone with any of them.”
“I’ve been alone with Jesse a lot,” I said. “He’s the perfect gentlemen, and he absolutely loves animals. How could you think he’s…”
“Some kind of sicko?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
His eyes widened. “I’ve, uh…well, I’ve seen things.”
Curiosity struck me. “Like what kind of things?”
He cleared his throat, but not another word came out of his mouth.
“Either you’re just jealous of Jesse, Fred, or you know more than you’re letting on,” I said. “If this concerns Jesse, I want to know what you’re talking about.”
“I caught him reading a book.”
I gasped. “Oh my gosh! A book, you say? I definitely need to stay away from him.”
“No, not just any book. It had all these weird symbols and was written in some language I couldn’t understand.”
“What are you saying?”
He let out a long breath. “I think Jesse and his family are witches.”
“Witches?”
“Yes. I catch them in lies, and, like I said, I’ve seen things—lots of things.”
“Care to elaborate?”
His gaze narrowed. “If you talk about these things, you’ll end up missing or dead.”
“You can trust me. I won’t tell a soul.”
He sighed. “Well, for one thing, I heard Jesse’s sister tell a man to do something I know for a fact he wouldn’t normally do.”
“Is Jesse’s sister pretty?”
“Kierra? Yeah. She’s smoking hot.”
I chuckled. “There’s your answer. Men are putty in a pretty girl’s hands.”
“I know that, but there’s more to it than that.”
I touched his hand. “Fred, I think I know where this is all coming from.”
“You do?”
“Yes. That weird altar freaked all of us out. You started thinking about witches when you saw those symbols, and now you’re jumping to conclusions about Jesse’s family.”
“I’m not just jumping to conclusions, Taylor, and I don’t think Jesse’s family are the only ones. I think this town is being run by witches.”
My jaw dropped. “Yes, we found a possible site where ceremonies are held, but that doesn’t mean the entire town is evil. It just means—”
“It means we need to do a whole lot of digging.”
My gaze narrowed. “Do you really think the town is hiding something?”
“Yes, and I’m sure Jesse knows what’s going on. Why don’t you do some prying? Maybe you can get him to talk.”
“I know we’ve been together a lot, but I highly doubt he’s gonna spill all his deep, dark secrets to me. Besides, maybe we’re just getting carried away. I mean, Jesse is a bit mysterious, but—”
“I’m just saying that there’s more than meets the eye around here.”
“Now I’m scared to tell you what I found out.”
“Why?” he asked.
“Because you’ll get carried away even worse.”
“I won’t. Tell me.”
I cleared my throat. “I couldn’t identify the weird symbols, but the words are a warning, in Latin, like Julie said.”
He arched a brow. “Well? What’s it mean?”
“It’s a warning not to tread on sacred ground. It said if we walked on the land of their ancestors, we will die.”
“If it’s just some kind of warning, a threat, why was it written in Latin?” he asked. “How do they expect anyone to obey a warning they can’t read?”
“I think it’s a curse,” I said.
His eyes widened. “Are you saying all three of us are gonna die just because we had to go after your dumb dog?”
“I pray not, and I keep trying to tell myself how crazy it is, but I can’t deny the voice that spoke to me. It felt real.”
“You know what I think?”
“That I hallucinated it?”
“No, not at all. Maybe the witches are putting some kind of spell on us, maybe using their powers to mess with our heads.”
“I don’t know. It sounds so crazy.”
Suddenly, the door swung open, startling us, and my dad came out. “Fred, I’m paying you to work, not flirt with my daughter. Taylor, please go do the dishes,” he said sternly, not one to mince words.
“Nice talking to you, Fred,” I said. “I’ve gotta go, but we’ll talk later.”
“Okay.”
I smiled. Fred was a nice guy, but he had the biggest imagination, and I decided I wasn’t going to let it rub off on me. There was no way Jesse and his family were witches and warlocks, and I wasn’t even sure if I believed in the Latin curse we’d found. It was all so farfetched, and I was sure I’d probably imagined the entire thing—or at least I hoped so.


Chapter 14
I was reading on the porch when a black SUV pulled up. I thought it might be Jesse, but Julie got out of the passenger’s side.
“Taylor!” she said.
“Hey.”
“Put the book down, girl, and let’s go have some real fun.”
I cocked a brow. “What?”
Her eyes lit up, and her face was beaming. “Go put on your bikini. We’re going swimming in Big Bear Lake.”
My gaze shot to the SUV full of girls. All the windows were down, and the music was blaring. “Who are you with?” I asked.
“Just some girls I met in town. You’ll love them. Now go grab a towel and suntan lotion. Hurry!”
“Nah, you go on,” I said. “I’m not really in the mood.”
“Don’t tell me you’re still freaked out by that voice you heard.”
“I can’t help it. I’m trying to decide if I’m crazy enough for a padded cell or doomed enough to be scared about it.”
“So some ghosts talked to you. So what? They were probably screwing with you anyway. After all, we’re all alive and breathing.”
“True. Do you believe in ghosts?” I asked.
“Yes. If I didn’t, I’d be telling you to put on a straightjacket instead of a bikini.”
“Wow. It’s nice to know my new BFF doesn’t think I’m a nut.”
“Just one thing.”
“What?”
“Do you see dead people?”
I laughed. “No. I’m afraid my sixth sense isn’t that well tuned.”
She grinned, glad I’d gotten her movie reference. “You really need to come with us,” she said.
“Why?”
“Because Jesse’s already there, and I promised him we’d swing by and pick you up.”
Suddenly, my interest in the beach was piqued, and my heart jumped with joy. “I’m in! As long as there’s not talk about animal skulls or mysterious voices.”
“Got it. Your secret is safe with me.” She gave me a nudge. “So hurry and get ready. You’ve got five minutes.”
I hurried inside, threw my curly hair into a tight ponytail, put on my bathing suit, then quickly brushed my teeth. I hurried downstairs and jumped into the SUV.
Julie introduced me to the other six girls. They shook my hand and smiled and seemed nice enough.
We drove to our destination and made found a nice spot on the shore. I was surrounded by large granitebouldersand tallpinetrees with a glittering lake before me. Big, fluffy clouds floated lazily by in the giant blue sky. I inhaled deeply to take in the fresh, woodsy scent of the piney air. Everything was so scenic and beautiful.
“I love it here,” Julie said.
I pointed at a tiny island straight ahead. “Is that China Island?”
One of the brunettes nodded; I hadn’t yet remembered all of their names. “Yep. Pretty small, huh?”
“Yeah.”
“See the cluster of boulders over to the left, about thirty feet away from the island?”
I squinted against the sunlight. “Yeah. Where all those guys are jumping off the rocks?”
“That’s where we’re gonna swim. It’s the best spot in Big Bear Lake.”
“Let’s go!” shouted a blonde girl with a pink streak in her hair.
I slipped my shirt and pants off and adjusted my red and purple bikini. I walked over the stony pebbles and jumped into the cold water that felt great on such a hot day. I glided forward, using long, powerful strokes. As I got closer, instant recognition hit: The guy about to jump off one of the tallest boulders was Jesse. An instant later, he splashed in.
When I swam to the rocks, he helped me up. My breath froze as I watched the sun glint off his slicked-back black hair. Water beaded his eyelashes and dripped down his face in glistening rivers. His red swim trunks were adorable, but I was almost disappointed that he’d opted to wear a shirt. “Hey, you,” he said, smiling at me.
I couldn’t stop the smile from curling up on my lips. “Hey.”
“Are you ready for a fun afternoon?” he asked.
“Definitely.”
“Hey, Jesse,” Julie asked, “can I see the scar?” He arched a brow, and she explained, “From the bullet wound.” She inched forward, but he stopped her.
He laughed. “No.”
“I get it,” Julie said. “You’re shy.”
“Far from it,” he said.
“I thought guys loved showing off their scars,” one of the girls said.
“Which boulder do you wanna jump off of? Are you feelin’ like five feet or thirty?” Jesse asked me, changing the subject.
“The highest one,” I answered.
The guys wooted, and Jesse grinned. “Ah. A daredevil after my very own heart,” he said.
I climbed up to the highest point, where there was a perfect view of China Island. Sucking in a deep breath, I braced myself. I made sure there wasn’t another jumper jumping from a lower level, and everything looked clear below.
Jesse walked over and held my hand. “We’ll jump together.”
I smirked. “Let’s do it.”
“Cool. On the count of three. One…two…three!”
We jumped together, holding hands, and landed with a huge splash.
“Woo-hoo!” I screamed. “That was awesome!” I glanced at Jesse, blinking the water out of my eyelashes. There was no way I could avoid drooling over those rippling muscles and glittering eyes. I was mesmerized as I stared at his dazzling, breathtaking male beauty, from his beautiful skin and full lips, to the sculptured lines and angles of his forehead, to his amazing cheekbones and chiseled jaw line, to the droplets of water that clung to his face. I could have easily lost myself with that handsome hunk. Maybe Fred’s right, I mused to myself. Maybe he is dangerous.
All of the sudden, he grabbed me around the waist and threw me in the air.
I landed with a splash, laughing as streams of water poured down my face. “Oh, I’ll get you for that! I’m gonna dunk you!” I threatened and started to swim his way.
“Don’t think so!” he teased.
We screwed off for a while, then swam to shore to rest while the others continued jumping off the rocks. The moisture on my skin gave me a cooling sensation beneath the hot sun. I stood and saw Julie and the others still jumping off the rocks.
When I turned around, Jesse met my gaze. His blue eyes pierced mine, and shimmering remnants of the lake gave his skin a glittery shine. Softly, he cupped my cheek. The heat from his touch surged through my body, and I could have sworn that the whole crazy world had stopped all around me. If someone had asked me my own name in that moment, I wouldn’t have remembered it.
My pulse skipped a beat when he shot me that beautiful grin, all those white, bright teeth, like a gorgeous movie star. Those beautiful baby blues entranced me all over again, staring right into my soul. I cleared my throat and forced my brain into motion. I tried to think of something to say, but nothing came to mind. The light caught in the blue speckles of his eyes and took my breath away. I drew in air, but more blood rushed to my face like a tidal wave. He, on the other hand, was entirely composed and unaffected, and I knew I was making a complete fool out of myself.
His hot breath rippled across my skin in that unforgettable moment, and his strong arms slid around me and wrapped me close. A shudder ran through me, from head to toe. I leaned against him until I could feel the warmth of his skin against my racing heart, and I lifted my arm to touch his flushed cheek.
He didn’t flinch or even react; he just smiled and kissed my fingers where they touched his lips. “I’m crazy about you, Taylor,” he said. “You’re all I think about.”
“I felt the connection the second I met you.”
“Me too.” His eyes fixed on my lips, and he moved closer to lower his mouth on mine.
Our lips connected in a slow, gentle touch. In spite of the smoldering temperature, a shiver ran through me. I closed my eyes, savoring his sweet taste. Goosebumps rippled my skin as his strong hands wandered down my back to my middle. I lifted my arms and guided them around his neck. He drew me unbelievably closer; I was already standing so impossibly close. Tangling his fingers in my hair, he kissed me slowly and passionately on the lips. My heart was drumming so hard within me that I wondered if Jesse could hear it. I wanted him to deepen the kiss. I wanted it to go on forever. When his hot breath touched my skin, I shuddered in excitement. Hot, searing kisses from his open mouth trailed down my neck.
“Taylor! Jesse!” the others called from the boulders.
Suddenly, he broke our embrace and turned in the direction of our friends. “We’re being paged,” he said.
I stared into his eyes, unable to move or even breathe. I was completely mesmerized.
Gripping my hand, he grinned. “Ready?”
I nodded mindlessly, and he led me back into the water. My head was still spinning, my skin still tingling where his lips had left a trail of moisture. Even though the kiss was over, my heart continued to race. I sighed like one of those girly girls and tried to switch on my brain again, but all I felt was a mushy, hazy feeling that reminded me of staying up late to watch those sappy Saturday night romances.
Jesse submerged and then resurfaced a few feet past me. I cut the water with expert precision to catch up with him.
One of Jesse’s friends grabbed his shoulder. “You gotta see Frank dive backward, man.”
I smiled as his friend dragged him off.
“I saw you swim off with Prince Charming,” Julie teased. “What happened?”
I pulled her aside. “He kissed me!”
“I knew it!” she squealed.
“He’s so amazing, Julie.”
“Is he a good kisser?”
“It was wonderful, but there was no, uh…”
“Tongue action?”
I blushed and shook my head. “You guys called us back over here too soon.”
“It wasn’t me,” Julie said.
“There’s always next time.”
“Or maybe even later today.”
I laughed.
“Taylor!” Jesse’s voice called. “I’ve gotta drive Frank and the others back. Wanna meet up later?”
I walked over to him and smiled. “I had a great time, and yes, I’d love to meet you later. Text me, and we’ll think of something.”
He kissed my cheek. “See ya then.”
“Bye.”
He shot me a big smile, then turned to leave. I watched him dive off the boulder and swim off into the distance.
“Why wouldn’t he take off his shirt?” one of the girls asked.
“He’s just shy,” another answered.
“Why on Earth would a guy like that want to hide that perfect bod’? Did you see those muscles?” a strawberry-blonde girl said.
“Taylor,” the brunette said, “you should have just ripped it off of him.”
I smiled. “Maybe I will next time.”
We all laughed, then swam back to shore and sunbathed for a few more hours. As I lay on my blanket, I couldn’t stop thinking about him, recalling how great his lips felt against mine, like soft rose petals. His every touch was special, and he totally captivated me.

Chapter 15
I pulled into Jessie’s driveway in front of his beautiful, contemporary-style home with brick and glass windows, nestled among the towering trees. It was one of the biggest homes in Big Bear Lake, so I was sure his mother was quite wealthy.
After greeting me with a peck on the cheek that almost sent me reeling to the floor in a whoosh of heat, Jesse gave me the grand tour. This house had everything, from a gym to a recreation room to the most amazing home theater room with a mounted television that was the largest I’d ever seen in my life. There was a luxury swimming pool with a beautiful patio and terrace. Every single thing was perfectly arranged, and the décor and immaculate design elements gave the house character; the whole place was sleek and stylish to the core.
“Did your mom hire an interior designer for this? It’s amazing,” I complimented.
“No. She did it on her own.”
“Wow. She has fantastic taste.”
He smiled as he led me to the room with the giant TV. My mouth dropped as I darted my eyes down in every direction, taking it all in. I tried to pretend like the gorgeous estate didn’t faze me, but that was impossible.
Jesse went behind the bar. “What can I get you to drink?”
“A Sprite would be great—or anything lemon-lime.”
He pointed to the corner of the room. “I’ve got Sierra Mist, if that’s okay.”
“Sure. Thanks.”
“Why don’t you start looking through the DVDs? We have a lot to pick from.”
I smiled. “You’re letting me pick the movie?”
“Yep.”
“Hmm. What if I pick some gushy chick flick?”
“As long as I’m watching it with you, I don’t care,” he said with a grin, placing ice into a glass.
I grinned and shook my head, once again amazed by how different he was from Sean, who always used to fight with me over movies. “Thanks for that, Jesse,” I said.
We snuggled on the couch and watched a Julia Roberts classic, Pretty Woman, then wandered out to the terrace to sit and talk. I waited there while Jesse got us some lemonade. As I was staring off into the dark but beautiful forest, he set our glasses down on the deck railing.
“I’m having such a good time,” I said.
“Me too.”
He wrapped his arms around me from behind, lifted the hair off my neck, and softly kissed one of the most sensitive spots on my body. Goosebumps erupted, and I gasped deeply. He lightly stroked and caressed my neck with his fingertips, then slid down my spaghetti strap and kissed my shoulder, as if he knew it was a great turn-on for me, a sexy move that worked every time.
“Jesse,” I said, shivering with pleasure, “what are you doing?”
He moved up and down my neck, tickling me with open-mouthed kisses. “What do you think?” he asked, each word causing a hot breath to blow across my skin, literally driving me crazy.
“Well…it feels so good.”
“Good,” he whispered in my ear as his fingers glided down my bare arm. “I want you to feel good, Taylor—always.”
Shivers shot down my spine as he returned to the sweet spot on my neck. When he kissed me there again, I thought I might actually collapse because my legs turned to rubber. All I have to do is turn around and claim his mouth in a mind-blowing kiss, I thought. It’d be that easy, that simple. My heart pounded even harder when Jesse gave me slow, wet kisses all over my neck, then nibbled my ear with even lighter ones. When he blew hot air on my ear, I could hardly contain myself.
I spun around and turned to face him. He was wearing a sexy, naughty smile and staring hungrily at my lips. I’d never felt so desirable. I softly traced his lips, the mouth I could have spent an eternity kissing without ever tiring of it.
“I’m home!” a woman announced, jolting me from my fantastic thoughts.
I stepped away from Jesse and straightened my shirt.
The woman cleared her throat and looked at us suspiciously. “I hope I didn’t interrupt anything,” she said.
She was beautiful, with her slim figure dressed in a blue pantsuit and her silky black hair twisted into an elaborate bun. In addition to having the same hair, she also had the almost translucent light blue eyes that her son did.
“No, not at all,” I responded.
“I’m Shelia, Jesse’s mom.”
I held out my hand. “It’s so nice to meet you. I’m Taylor.”
She smiled as she shook my hand. “It’s nice to finally meet you too. Jesse has told me all about you, so I’ve been looking forward to making your acquaintance.”
“Well, here she is!” Jesse said.
Shelia sat down on the porch with us, and we all chitchatted for about an hour before I had to get back home. I was sure I’d made a good impression; she seemed to like me and was just as warm as Jesse, not at all the oddball Jeanie had made me think she was. I had hoped to meet his brother and sister, but they weren’t home. In any case, things were going well for me and Jesse, and I’d met his mom, which made me feel even closer to him.
* * *
On Friday night, my mom and dad had left me home alone while they went to an out-of-state book signing for the weekend. I felt a little safer this time, because my dad had installed a security system. When nighttime came, though, I did start to get the creeps, and I obsessively stared out the window to watch for ski-masked or furry would-be intruders.
Feeling lonely and a bit frightened, I texted Jesse, “I can’t stop thinking of you.”
A few minutes later, he texted back, “If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I’d be walking through my beautiful garden forever.”
I gushed. Aw, I thought. He’s just the sweetest.
I texted back, “I love when you text me sweet nothings, so here’s one for you. If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy in my hand.”
He replied, “Love it! If snowflakes were kisses, I’d send you a blizzard.”
A little while later, Max was sitting on the couch with me as I watched television. When I heard knocking coming from upstairs, my body froze, but I was ready to bolt out of the house again if I had to, and this time I was fully dressed. When the knocking finally subsided, I exhaled a long-held breath.
I stood shakily to my feet. “Max, let’s go upstairs and check it out, boy.”
I refused to go unarmed, so I grabbed a butcher knife and let my dog lead the way. Again, I had to wonder if I was losing my mind, considering it wasn’t the first time I’d been creeping around my house, brandishing a sharp kitchen utensil. Still, I needed to confront my fears. Inhaling and exhaling deeply, I took a bold step up the stairs, the wood creaking with every step I took.
When I reached the top of the stairs, I heard the knocking sound again, coming from my room. My heart thundered, and I held the knife in a white-knuckled grasp. I walked to my room, reached around to flick on the switch, and then took a look around. When I realized tree branches were banging against the window, I could finally breathe again, and the staccato rhythm of my heart settled down.
When my cell phone rang, I jumped. I reached into my pocket, grabbed it, and quickly answered, “Yeah?”
“Taylor? What’s wrong?” Jesse asked.
“I’m freaking out again.”
“You shouldn’t be alone.”
“Right. Are you busy?” I asked.
“I’m going night-fishing with my brother and sister on the boat. Wanna come?”
“I’d love to!”
“Okay. I’ll be there soon.”
* * *
I couldn’t wait to meet Sam and Kierra, and I hoped they would accept me as easily as their brother had.
We pulled in and parked.
As we walked to the dock, a thin girl with long, black hair and light blue eyes greeted me with a smile. “I’m Kierra,” she said, “Jesse’s big sister.” She was gorgeous in a red wrap dress that just reached the top of her knees, and the color accentuated her sun-kissed complexion.
“Taylor,” I said, shaking her hand. “It’s so nice to finally meet you.”
“Likewise. I’ve heard many good things about you.” She glanced over her shoulder. “Sam, she’s here!” she yelled, then smiled back at me.
“Coming!” a voice called from the boat.
The guy who emerged was attractive, also with black hair. He looked at Jesse with his pale blue eyes and said, “I thought you wanted to look good for your date.”
“I look fine,” Jesse said.
“Hmm. Looks to me like you stopped at the zoo and stole the gorilla’s face,” Sam teased.
“Ha-ha,” Jesse said, then shot me a look. “See what I have to put up with?”
I couldn’t help but laugh at their brotherly banter.
“Thank God I inherited the intelligent genes,” Kierra said.
Sam spun to face her. “Right. Since you joined the family tree, I’ve been dying to cut it down.”
“Whatever,” she said.
“You’re just trying to embarrass me, Sam,” Jesse said.
“And is it working?” he retorted.
“Yes, so cut the crap. You promised to be on your best behavior.”
Sam playfully slugged Jesse right in the tattoo. “Just kidding, li’l bro’.”
“This is Taylor,” Jesse said.
“She is just as hot as you described her,” Sam said.
Jesse playfully slugged him back, and Sam nudged him in the ribs.
“Nice to meet you, Taylor,” Sam said. “In case you haven’t guessed, I’m Sam, the coolest of our little trifecta.”
I smiled, then looked from Sam to Kierra. “It’s nice to meet you both.”
Sam winked. “The pleasure’s all mine.”
“You all have the same pretty blue eyes.”
“It’s a curse,” Sam said.
I laughed. “A nice one then. I’ve never seen blue eyes that light.”
“It’s not a nice curse at all, but I do enjoy getting the ladies’ attention with my weird peepers,” Sam said. “Can you fish?”
I smiled as a cool breeze blew through my long hair. “I’m gonna bring in the big one.”
“Hmm. Well, that’s going to be hard with me on your boat,” Sam said. “I’m a regular Captain Ahab.”
“Yeah…and with cereal for brains like Captain Crunch,” Jesse teased.
“Just ignore Sam, Taylor,” Kierra said. “He didn’t get enough oxygen during birth.”
“Never a dull moment with my family,” Jesse whispered in my ear. “If he starts repeating everything she says like some cockamamie parrot, we’re outta here.”
I smiled. “We’ll jump ship if we have to.”
We walked down the long dock, and Jesse helped me aboard. Kierra started the boat, and we sped off to the perfect fishing spot. Jesse handed me a fishing pole, then started sorting through the colorful lures in the tackle box. I listened carefully as Sam gave me some fishing tips, even though I didn’t really need them.
The boat stopped and wavered slightly in the water. “We’re here,” Kierra said.
Jesse hooked my lure up for me, and I wasted no time in raising the rod tip. In one swooping motion, I threw out my line.
Jesse stood next to me. “I love to fish at night. It’s nice to get away and just hang out.”
I lifted my head and looked up at the black velvet sky, speckled with twinkling stars. “Yeah, it’s so beautiful out here on Big Bear Lake.”
We all chatted for a while. I could tell they were a close-knit family like my own, and I loved being around them. In spite of Fred’s speculation that they were witches, I felt completely comfortable in their presence.
Suddenly, my pole jerked, and I gave it a quick tug. “I got a bite!” I said. The fishing line screamed out of the aluminum casting reel as a giant fish stole the hook, line, and almost me. Luckily, I caught my balance. I hauled back on my fishing pole, bending it in such a sharp arc that it nearly snapped. I stole a glance at Jesse, shooting him a triumphant smile. “I told you I’d bring in a big one.”
“And you delivered!” he said. “I never doubted you for a minute.”
Sam jumped off the chrome rail. “Are you sure you didn’t snag a submarine?”
“Feels like it.” As I reeled in the line, the crank handle spun and clicked like crazy. The tug-of-war went on for a while, and my muscles began to ache from the strain. “I swear this thing’s fighting harder than Mike Tyson!”
Powerful deck lights mounted high above me illuminated the surface of the water. Big Bear Lake pitched and churned like a pan of boiling water. The fish broke the surface in a clatter of spray, thrashed its head, and danced on its tail.
When I caught sight of its black-striped body, my eyes widened. “Look at that!”
Sam whistled and cheered. “Bravo!”
Kierra clapped. “It’s a largemouth bass,” Kierra said.
“She’s a real beauty,” Jesse said. “I knew coming out here at night would pay off.” He then helped me haul the exhausted, two-foot fish up over the rail of the sailboat.
With a thud, the metallic-scaled bass hit the deck. The fish had a big mouth, and its upper jaw extended past its eyes. The bass was dark green, with greenish-yellow sides and a dark stripe running down the side of its body. Its fins shimmered in the silver moonlight. Applause erupted as everyone hopped and twisted to avoid the thrashing monster.
Kierra sprang from her chair and cheered me on. “The only thing bigger than that fish is the smile on your face—oh, and Sam’s ego.”
I laughed. Night-fishing under a sky full of shining stars would be on my list of favorite things from that day forward. Catching a giant fish was just an added bonus.
The fish wriggled its fins and smacked its body against the deck, and I jumped back as its forked tail slapped across my legs. I wiped the water off my face with my tank-top. “How much do you think it weighs?”
Droplets glimmered in Sam’s black hair. “At least twenty pounds.” His finger touched the slimy fish.
I brushed off my cutoff shorts and straightened my tank-top. I then pulled out my camera and handed it to Kierra. “Can you get a picture of me and Jesse with the fish?”
Kierra laughed. “No way! This is your moment in the limelight. Don’t let Jesse steal your thunder.”
I smiled. Even though I wanted a picture of Jesse and me together, I couldn’t argue with her logic. “All right. Just me then.” I held the fish and felt my lips stretch into a wide grin. I couldn’t wait to send it to everybody across the entire planet by morning. My biggest regret was that Jesse wouldn’t be in it, which would have been a nice touch for the ex.
“Okay. On the count of three. One…two…three!” With that, Kierra snapped the photo.
The bright flash blinded me, and white spots danced in my vision. I sighed and straightened up, then glanced at the LCD screen. “It’s perfect! Thanks.”
“So…do we keep it for dinner or let it go?” Sam asked.
“We should throw it back. I just wanted a picture with it.”
Sam threw the bass back into the water with a loud splash, and I was happy to see it swim off. Jesse, Sam, and Kierra caught lots of fish, but we didn’t keep any of them, and none of them were as big as my first catch of the night.
“Let’s try a different spot, sis,” Sam said.
Kierra started up the boat, and we sped across the lake.
Jesse put an arm around me as the wind blew my hair around over and over again. I looked at him, and he smiled the most delicious movie star smile I’d ever seen. The moonlight made his winter-blue eyes sparkle even more than usual, rivaling the stars above us.
The boat stopped, and Kierra smiled. “This is a great spot. I’ve had lots of luck here.”
This time, Jesse and I didn’t fish. We just gazed into each other’s eyes and talked while Kierra and Sam tried to outdo my catch, to no avail.
When I looked off into the woods, a flash of white caught my attention. I peered closer and saw another flash of white. Something moved in the bushes, and I smiled at the outline of an animal. It took a few more steps out of the greenery and started to sip the water. As my eyes focused, I realized it was a buck, white as snow and stunningly majestic.
“What are you looking at?” Jesse asked.
“Don’t you see it?”
“See what?”
“That deer over there, a white buck sipping water.”
He squinted. “No.”
“Huh? I’m looking right at it.”
“Taylor, I have excellent eyesight, better than most, and I don’t see anything.”
“Look! It lifted its head.”
“Kierra!” Jesse called. “C’mere!”
She rushed to my side. “What’s up?”
“Taylor says there’s a white buck on the shore.”
She looked. “I don’t see it.”
“Me neither,” Sam said, approaching from my right.
Kierra shot Sam and Jesse a look, as if they thought I was some kind of nutcase, and I suddenly wished I’d kept my mouth shut. I had no idea why I was being plagued by hallucinations, but in that moment, I also had to wonder if I’d really heard a wolf in our house the night my parents had gone out and I’d ended up at McDonald’s in my bathrobe. Maybe all this fresh mountain air is making me chronically lightheaded, I thought.
“You know what that means,” Kierra whispered to her brothers.
“Just keep your mouth shut,” Sam said.
“But she has every right to know.”
“Do you want your head on the carving block?” Sam retorted.
“Jesse, she needs to know,” Kierra said. “She’s been marked.”
“What’s going on?” I asked, crossing my arms and looking at them, not at all happy that they were talking about me like I wasn’t there.
Jesse glanced toward the shore. “There’s a legend that those who have been marked as a petal will have a guardian to keep them safe.”
“A petal? And why would I need a guardian?” I asked.
“Because you’ve been chosen.”
“Besides protection, the guardians hand out blessings too,” Sam said. “You caught a twenty-pound bass back there on your first cast. We don’t usually catch any bigger than ten-pounders.”
“What’s a petal?” I asked.
“Six petals form the flower for the ceremony. It’s an ancient tradition, practiced every 500 years.”
“Pssh. That sounds like something off of The X Files or one of those stupid SyFy shows. It’s just a myth, like the bogeyman, Bigfoot, and aliens being kept alive with strawberry ice cream,” I said. “But what’s this so-called ceremony about.”
Jesse handed my fishing pole back to me and rolled his eyes at his brother and sister. “Don’t let my siblings scare you. Let’s leave myths in the books and concentrate on fishing.”
“I didn’t mean to freak you out,” Kierra said. “I just got carried away, that’s all.”
“You had me worried there for a minute. It was only a deer. Maybe my imagination just got carried away again.”
We continued talking and fishing, but the mood had morphed into something depressing and somber, almost as dark as the night itself. Something was wrong, and I wondered what they were hiding. It was either that or they just felt sorry for me, the lunatic who had seen an invisible buck.
Suddenly, a thought occurred to me: What if a curse really was placed on me when I opened the tin box? Am I really marked now? My breath hitched in my throat. What have I done? Have I really unleashed some horrible curse? But the woman said she’d protect me, and even Jesse said the myth speaks of protection. I frowned. But protection from what? I had no idea. The one thing I did know was that my mind couldn’t take much more of the freaky happenings. I wanted so badly to confide in Jesse, but I didn’t want him to think I was crazy. I was sure he had his doubts about me after the McDonald’s bathrobe escapade, and now I was seeing Bambi the friendly ghost. I feared that if I told him about the strange whisperings in the wind, it would be just enough to send him over the edge, and I didn’t want him to kick me to the curb.
I got home around seven a.m., and Jesse searched the house and said it was clear. After telling him goodbye, I turned on the security system, then cranked up the air conditioning. I pulled the drapes and made the room as dark as I could, then jumped into bed. I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
I spent the rest of the weekend looking for that white buck, my potential protector, but I didn’t see anything. I even tried to Google myths, but I saw nothing about mortal sacrifices, petals, and white bucks. I didn’t know what to make of it.
Fortunately, I wasn’t encumbered with no more voices or visions, and everything went smoothly while I waited for my parents to return on Sunday afternoon.


Chapter 16
Fred was working on our back yard, and it was really looking nice. All the towering weeds were gone, and the place looked a whole sharper.
“The place is looking great,” I said.
Fred sipped his water. “Thanks. I’ve been working hard.”
“Take a break. You deserve it.”
“I’ve got a present for you,” he said, then held out a small box.
I swallowed hard. He was cute—not gorgeous like Jesse but definitely cute. Still, I didn’t like him in that way, and I wasn’t sure how to handle the fact that he clearly had a crush on me. I had never been good at trampling other people’s feelings, which was why I’d stayed with that sleaze ball, Sean, as long as I had. Now, I was afraid if I accepted Fred’s gift, it might lead him to believe there was more than friendship between us. But if I refused it, it would hurt his feelings. “I-I can’t accept this, Fred,” I said softly, trying to lessen the blow.
“Because you’re obsessed with Jesse, right?”
“I’m crazy about him, and it wouldn’t be right to lead you on.”
“This isn’t a romantic present.”
“It isn’t?”
“No.”
“My apologies then. I just assumed—”
“It’s just a present from one friend to another, no strings attached.”
“In that case…” I smiled and opened the box. The sun glittered on a silver cross necklace. “Wow, Fred. It’s beautiful. Thank you.”
“Would you like me to help you put it on?”
I lifted up my hair. “I’d love that.”
He clasped the necklace around my neck.
“Thanks again. It’s so pretty,” I said, looking down to admire the dainty pendant around my neck.
His mouth became a long, thin line. “Yeah, but I didn’t get it for looks.”
I arched a brow. “You didn’t?”
“It’s for your protection, Taylor.”
“Protection?”
“Jesse’s not a witch—or maybe he is—but I now know what’s his family is hiding.”
“Really?”
“Yep.”
“I’m glad to hear you’ve dumped the witch theory.”
“Yeah. I was completely off base,” he said, not sounding glad about that at all.
“It was way out there. Just because we found an altar, that’s no reason to jump to crazy theories.”
“Well, I’m not jumping to my new one. This time, I have solid evidence.”
“You’re killing me, Fred. What is it?”
“I’m not killing you, but they might. They’re vampires, Taylor.”
I couldn’t stifle my laugh, because this theory was worse than the last one.
“You shouldn’t laugh. You’re dating a bloodsucker,” he said.
“Excuse me? Are you telling me I’m Jesse’s future ghoulfriend.”
He rolled his eyes. “This is serious, Taylor.”
“It’s not possible, Fred. Vampires turn to ash in sunlight. That’s a simple fact. They always have and always will.”
“Yeah. I haven’t figured out how they bypass that.”
“Simple. They’re not vampires.”
“I know they are.”
“Jesse is outside every day, and the last time I checked, Coppertone doesn’t make 5,000 SPF.”
Fred’s gaze narrowed. “You’re in danger, Taylor. I wish you’d take me seriously.”
“Are you listening to yourself?” I retorted.
“I know it sounds crazy, but it’s true.”
I choked my laughter back. “Is that why you got me this necklace? Because I need a crucifix for protection from vampires?”
“Yes. Where did you meet him anyway?”
“He was hiking…and it was love at first bite,” I joked.
His lips pressed into a grim line. “Taylor, that’s not funny.”
“Sorry,” I said. “Just trying to lighten the mood.”
“Keep your day job. You’re a horrible comedienne.”
My grin widened. “I will. I work with Jesse.”
“You’re really playing with fire,” he said, shaking his head at me. “Even if you did believe me, you’d probably want to stay with him. What’s with chicks and vampires anyway? They’re fiends who feast on blood and kill people, yet women find them completely irresistible.”
“I suppose they’re kind of the in thing right now,” I said. “The ultimate bad boy fantasy.”
“I guess, but I still don’t really understand the whole glorified vampire phenomenon.”
I didn’t really believe Jesse was a vampire, but I decided to roll with it and have some fun. “Don’t you get it? Women want to feel special, cherished, protected, and loved. Shouldn’t every girl have an Edward Cullen?”
“If I was a girl, I’d prefer Lestat de Lioncourt from Interview with a Vampire.”
“I’m more of Team Brad Pitt, so it’d be Louis for me,” I said.
“Nope. Maybe Buffy’s Angel or Bill Compton from that Dracula flick, but not sparkly Edward or whiny, emo Louis. Why are girls so hung up on corpses anyway?”
“They’re the coolest of the paranormal,” I said.
“Oh yeah?”
“Dracsolutely,” I joked. “A werewolf will tear you to shreds. A zombie isn’t fun to hug when his rotting arms fall off. Mummies stink to high heaven, and ghosts are nothing but air. Really, a vampire is the only way to go.”
“Fine, but when they make out with you, they take a little nibble on your jugular. Gimme zombies any day. Vampires just…suck.”
“They’re both vile, evil, and undead, and they both feed on humans. One is just hotter, smarter, and smells a whole lot better. Truthfully, zombies are stupid,” I insisted. “They’ll walk straight toward a barrel of a gun, while vampires trace away in a speeding blur if they don’t kill you in one quick bite.”
“Yeah, but the fighting is the best part.”
“You can fight the fanged ones too,” I said.
“Forget wooden stakes. Chainsaws are better.”
I smiled and shook my head. “You’re sick, you know that?”
“What!? What guy doesn’t want to fight off the walking dead with chainsaws, sledgehammers, and swords? Holding up a crucifix and sprinkling water on a bloodsucker is…well, it’s kind of sissy-ish.”
“Is that even a word?” I chuckled. “So, when it comes to the undead, you’re saying men love zombies and women love vampires?”
“Yeah. Zombies are way more manly, not all pretty and stylish.”
“I hate to burst your bubble and break your stereotype, but you’re wrong. I happen to love both.”
“Hmm. I guess you’ve proven me wrong. But what’s the deal with Jesse? Are you in love with the bloodsucker or what?”
I shot him a look. “No. In lust maybe.”
“Ew! I didn’t ask for those kind of details.”
I smiled. “If you don’t want to hear the answers, don’t ask the questions.”
He glanced down for a minute, then looked back up at me. “I’ve read that vampires can make you fall in love with them.”
I shook my head vehemently. “Jesse hasn’t done that. He wouldn’t have to. Have you seen him? The guy is a forest fire all his own, smoking hot. All he has to do is strut his hot butt into a room and smile, and women will swarm to him like—”
“How can you even identify with a creature who won’t ever die? You can’t. He’s immortal, and you can’t even begin to understand his deep desire for human blood. Your vamp boyfriend—”
“He’s not my boyfriend…yet.”
“You need to break off all communication with him as soon as possible, Taylor.”
I met his gaze straight on. “If what you’re saying is true, maybe I want to tame him.”
“You can’t tame a ravage beast.” Fred stood. “I don’t think I have anything more to say to you.”
“Wait, Fred! Come back!” I yelled as he started to step off the porch in a huff. “You said you have solid proof, evidence. How did you come to this conclusion anyway?”
Ignoring me, he went back to work.
“Thank you for the necklace,” I said. “I won’t take it off. I promise.”
When he continued to ignore me, I just shook my head and headed back into the house, rubbing the cross between my thumb and index finger. Fred was more than a little troubled, but I couldn’t help but be flattered by his urge to protect me.


Chapter 17
A few days later, Amy, one of Julie’s friends, invited Jesse and me on a boat ride. I hadn’t given her an answer yet, so Julie wouldn’t quit calling. When I saw her name on my caller ID again, I moaned. “Hello?” I said, answering my cell.
“Are you coming or not?”
“I went night-fishing with Jesse a few days ago,” I said. “I kinda got freaked out on the boat.” The image of the white buck flashed across my mind.
She blew out a long breath. “How many times do I have to tell you it’s all just some stupid myth? How can you let them scare you like that anyway?”
“I wasn’t scared—just a little freaked out.”
“I talked to Jesse, and he’s coming. I just hope one of those girls doesn’t ask him out.”
“Julie!”
“What? You know they’ll be all over him like ants on a picnic.”
“Fine. I’ll go,” I said.
“I knew you’d see it my way,” she said, wearing a smirk that I could hear through the phone.
“Ha-ha! Can I bring Max?”
“Sure. Be there in an hour.”
“Bye,” she said.
After I hung up the phone, I threw my bathing suit on, then slipped a pair of blue shorts with a cute lace tank-top. I brushed my teeth and left my hair down. I quickly packed some sunscreen, a towel, some bottles of water, and a few other things I thought I might need.
Outside, I opened the car door, put my sunglasses on, and called Max. He hopped into the passenger’s side and barked, and I put the window halfway down for him.
“Ready to have some fun, Max?” I asked.
He barked again, and I laughed at his answer as I pulled out of the driveway.
At the docks, Julie spotted me and squealed my name. “We’re gonna have so much fun,” she said.
“Is Jesse here yet?” I asked.
“Yep.” Julie reached down and petted Max. “Hi, Max.”
He barked and wagged his tail.
I climbed onto the boat and found Jesse sitting on the bow, surrounded by an entourage of bikini-clad, giggling girls. One was showing off her bellybutton ring, and another was asking his opinion of her tramp stamp.
When Jesse met my gaze, he smiled.
Max started barking at Jesse again, and I secretly hoped he’d chase away his fan club.
Jesse left the swarm of girls and walked straight to me. “Hi. You look amazing.”
“Thanks,” I said, almost smiling back at the girls who scowled at me and walked away.
He embraced me in a long hug, then kissed my lips.
“Sadly, ladies,” a brunette said, “it appears Jesse is taken by the new girl.”
“Yep,” another said, shaking her head.
“Not to worry. My fun boat brings all the boys to the yard,” she said with a grin, pointing in the direction of the dock.
I turned and saw a whole herd of guys climbing onboard, some in trunks and others bravely donning Speedos.
Julie smiled. “Whoa. Talk about precious cargo. I got dibs on the blond.”
We all burst out in laughter.
Jesse smiled at me, set me on his lap and wrapped his arms around me. I loved being the object of his affection, and I was beginning to feel very comfortable with him.
“With all those animal attacks happening,” Amy said, “I thought this would be a good idea. What could be safer than hanging out in water in the middle of the lake?”
“It’s brilliant!” Julie squealed. “Most animals can’t swim, and as far as I know, there aren’t any sharks in the lake.”
The sun beat down on my skin, but the last thing I wanted was to look like a lobster in front of Jesse. I drizzled sunscreen from the bottle into my hands, then smeared the coconut-scented cream all over my arms and legs. “I do feel a lot safer here,” I said.
Amy smiled. “Me too.”
Jesse reached for the lotion with a smile. “Need some help?” he offered.
“Sure,” I said, holding my hair up. “You’ve always got my back, huh?” I punned.
“I have spray-on sunblock,” one of the girl’s said.
Julie laughed. “I’m sure Jesse prefers the hands-on method.”
“It works better to really rub it in,” Jesse said.
“Yeah, I bet,” Julie said with a chuckle.
My heart sped up as he rubbed the lotion slowly down my shoulders and across my back.
“I can do your back if you want,” I said. “It’s only fair.”
“Nah, I’m good.”
“What’s the matter, Jesse? You got a gorilla back or something like those apes in the zoo where you work?” Julie asked.
“Ha-ha,” he said.
A popular tune came on the radio, and some of the girls started dancing. Others laughed, talked, and sipped on their drinks they’d taken from the two coolers that were loaded with sandwiches and sodas.
One of them casually said to Amy, “I heard about the breakup. What happened?”
She frowned. “Well, he’s doing drugs and getting all possessive.”
“Wow. It’s good you broke it off now then,” Julie said, “especially if he’s hooked on drugs.”
Amy’s brown eyes sparkled in the sun as her long, reddish-brown hair blew in the wind. “I don’t wanna talk about my pitiful love life. Let’s jump in!” And with that, she did a cannonball into the lake.
Jesse followed her, and I laughed.
“Oh my gosh! It’s freezing in here!” Amy said.
Jesse glanced up at me. “Come on in! And don’t worry. I’ll keep you warm.”
Taking the offer I couldn’t possibly refuse, I dove in, then wiped the hair out of my eyes.
Max barked and was next to jump into the water
“Come on, Max!” I coaxed.
He started dog-paddling toward us.
I then turned to Jesse. “You left your shirt on again.”
“Like Julie said, I’m shy.”
“Liar, liar, trunks on fire,” I said.
He grinned widely.
“I don’t care about your scar, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
“It’s just—”
“You don’t have to explain.”
“Jesse, you need to lose the shirt and put on a Speedo like some of those other guys,” Julie said, right before she jumped in, splashing us. “I think a leopard print would really bring out your eyes.”
The whirring of a boat engine caught my attention as it approached.
“Crap. I was also hoping my nutcase ex-boyfriend wouldn’t find me here,” Amy said.
When the boat got closer, a guy about our age called Amy’s name. “Hey, I just wanna talk.”
Max started barking and causing a ruckus.
The guy shot us a look. “Shut the dog up before I shut him up for you.”
“Max!” I said, petting his head and trying to calm him. “Shh!”
Amy looked at us. “I’ve gotta go talk to him for a minute, or else he’ll never leave.”
“Just be careful,” Julie said.
When I noticed that all the guys were drinking something a bit stronger than Mountain Dew, I realized it might not be a good idea for Amy to be alone on their boat. “You oughtta stay here, Amy,” I said. “They all look wasted. They shouldn’t even be driving a boat.”
She ignored me, swam over, and climbed aboard the boat. It didn’t take long for their calm conversation to turn into a full-blown argument.
“That’s no way to talk to a girl!” Jesse yelled.
“Shut up,” the guy said. “Just mind your own business.”
“Well, it is my business when you pull up next to our boat,” Jesse said.
“Piss off!” the guy replied.
I nudged Jesse. “We need to go get her,” I said, fearing they might try to take off with poor Amy held captive on their boat. “Amy,” I pleaded, “please come back to our boat.”
She looked in my direction, her cheeks red. “You’re right. He’s stubborn and bullheaded, and I don’t want to be anywhere near him.”
I swam closer to the boat as Amy climbed over the rail. Just as she began to jump off, her hotheaded ex-boyfriend grabbed her and pulled her back on deck. She shouted a few curses at the guy, and in the next second, he pulled out a knife and angrily lunged at her.
Next, it was like everything went into slow motion. In a flash, Jesse was on the boat, knocking the knife out of the guy’s hand and throwing him about twenty feet. Amy and Jesse jumped back in the water, and we all climbed back on our boat.
“Are you okay?” I asked Amy.
She let out a trembling breath. “We’re going back to shore. I’m getting a restraining order and having Eddie thrown in jail. He tried to kill me!”
As we headed back to the dock, I tried to figure out what I’d just seen. How the heck did Jesse get on the boat that quickly? He was right beside me one second, then on the boat in the next, like when he disappeared out of my back yard that day I first met him. How could somebody disappear like that? And what’s with him throwing Eddie around like a ragdoll? He was in good shape, of course, but I didn’t understand how he could be so strong. Talk about the power of adrenaline.


Chapter 18
Julie and I went hiking in the woods on one of the local trails along Bear Lake, hoping to burn off some major calories. My shorts were getting a little snug, and I wasn’t too fond of that.
“Let’s grab some tacos for lunch,” Julie said. “I’m starving.”
“Jules!” I said. “What’s the point of hiking if we’re gonna eat junk food? I say we have a grilled chicken salad, with lots of veggies and light dressing.”
“Ew. I hate rabbit food.”
I laughed and shook my head. “What am I gonna do with you?”
“Still thinking about the big kiss yesterday?”
I smiled. “Yeah.”
“Well, you’d better lip-lock the guy with some tongue action next time. If you don’t snag him, I’m next in line.”
“Hey!” I playfully slugged her.
“I want you to hook me up with Jesse’s friend, the blond who drove us home.”
“Wow. You must really have a thing for blonds.”
“Not really. It just so happens that the guy is gorgeous. Hello! Didn’t you notice his gorgeous eyes?”
“Yeah. They’re the same color as Jesse’s. I wonder if they’re related, cousins or something.”
She laughed. “Heh. If we end up with them, we might be in-laws.”
As we turned the bend in the path, I saw two legs sticking out from the bushes. Julie screamed, and I ran to check for a pulse and discovered that the man had short, dark hair. When I rolled him over to feel for a pulse, I saw distinct bite marks on his neck, as if a wild animal had attacked him. His green eyes were glazed over, and I could tell by his pale face that he was dead. “Oh my gosh!”
“Who is it?” Julie desperately asked.
“It’s Fred, that cute guy who did yard work for my dad.”
My shaking fingers reached into my pocket, and I pulled out my cell phone to call 911. I tried to remain calm as I explained the situation, but I’d never been more freaked out in my life and couldn’t speak very coherently. I couldn’t stop gasping for air as I fell to my knees, sobbing.
The police showed up almost immediately, and a female officer pulled me aside to ask me some questions.
“What happened to him?” I asked, closing my eyes and taking a deep breath. “Who would do this?”
“Animal attack,” she said.
“No!” I yelled. “Not Fred.”
“I’m so sorry,” the policewoman said.
“I-I know who…er, what killed him.” Slowly, I opened my eyes. Memories of the wolves stalking me came flooding back. “I was in the woods a while back with my friends, and there was a pack of wolves stalking us, and—”
The officer touched my back, trying to console me. “It wasn’t wolves,” she said. “They don’t bother humans.”
I let out a trembling breath. “No, you don’t understand. These wolves weren’t…they didn’t act like normal wolves.”
“This was a bear attack or maybe mountain lion,” she surmised, sounding confident.
“Taylor!” When I turned around, my mother was standing right there. She embraced me in a tight hug, and worry flooded her features. “I rushed right up here when Julie called me. Sergeant Davidson told me the entire story.”
I was suddenly so nauseated that I feared I might throw up right there in front of everyone. “Oh, Mom, it’s so awful.”
“I’m so sorry about Fred, honey. The officer said I can take you home now.”
My hands still trembled. “But my car’s here.”
“Don’t worry. Your dad and I will come up and get it later. Let’s get you home.”
* * *
At home, I sat on the couch next to my dad. “None of my friends have ever died before. I just feel so helpless, so bad.”
My dad wrapped his arm around me. “I know, sweetheart. It was a horrible accident.”
“I was walking on that trail. What if it had decided to attack Julie or me?”
“I know. From now on, until they capture or shoot whatever animal is responsible for these attacks, I want you to stay off those trails.”
“Dad, how can this be happening?” I yelled.
“There was an attack yesterday too,” my mom said. “A tourist. It’s been all over the news. It might be beautiful here,” she said, “but I’m scared. It’s dangerous out there.”
“It’ll be okay,” Dad said. “When they catch the animal, everything will get back to normal.”
I looked up at my dad. “I think it’s more than one animal, Dad. I think it’s wolves.”
“Honey, remember what I told you about wolves.”
“Yes, you said they rarely attack, but these do.” I stopped and thought for a moment about what Fred had told me. “And Dad…”
“Yes?”
“Fred said…” I stopped to sob as I thought back on our conversation. “He told me he had evidence of, uh…vampires around here,” I said softly. “Do you think they found him?”
“Honey, that’s silly. Trust me, it wasn’t vampires.”
“I’m sure you’re right. I mean, when he told me, I laughed.”
“Poor Fred was just at the wrong place at the wrong time,” my Dad said. “He was such a good kid. I can’t believe this happened to him.”
His voice wavered as he spoke, and I could tell my dad was completely shook up.
“Taylor,” my mom called from the other room, “Julie is on the phone.”
“Can you ask her if she can call my cell? I’m gonna go up to my room and lie down.”
“Okay.”
I hurried upstairs and picked up my ringing cell. “Hello?” I said.
“Taylor, I’m freakin’!”
“Do you think it was the curse or the animals?” I asked.
“I don’t know anymore. Could there really be a curse?”
“I don’t know either, Julie, but Fred is dead. Maybe there’s more to all of this than what we want to believe.”
“Do you think we’re next?”
“Maybe, but what can we do about it?”
“We can start by digging up information, talking to people who have lived here for a long time. Maybe someone will know an urban legend that will help us figure out how to lift the curse.”
“But it could just be the wildlife. There have been other attacks.”
“Yeah. My dad just told me about that woman the other day.”
“Do you think it’s the wolves?”
“I don’t know. What I do know is that we’re lucky your blue-eyed Superman spotted that cabin in the woods.”
“What if it was Jonathon? What if he’s some kind of crazed serial killer?”
“But why would he kill his victims like an animal? I don’t think it’s him.”
“You’re right,” she said. “I bet that pack of wolves demolished him.”
“People can’t keep dying,” I said. “I love this place, but I’m terrified of all the bears, mountain lions, bobcats, and God knows what else. At least in New York City, I could walk outside freely.”
“Right. As long as there were no muggers around and you didn’t wear the wrong gang colors.”
“I guess I’ve still got some things to get used to around here.”
“So what’s going on with you and Jesse?”
“We have a date this Friday. I’m dying to see him, but I’m really shaken up.”
“Just invite him over and watch a movie.”
“Yeah. Well, I’m gonna go now. I want to take a nap, try to calm down.”
“Me too.”
“All right. Talk to you later, Jules.”
“Bye.”
I closed my phone and laid on my bed, then lay back and stared at my ceiling as I tried to straighten out my twisted thoughts. That cabin had been our sanctuary, and I was now sure that if Jesse hadn’t spotted it, we would have been victims as well.
I went to my laptop and looked up everything I could about vampires. One article even said that sprinkling salt in windowsills and doorways would help to ward them off. What if Fred really was killed by vampires? Will they come for me next? The thought had my heart racing and my hands shaking. The whole thing sounded absurd and nutty, and I hoped I was just taking things way out of context. But would it hurt to throw down a little salt? As lame and stupid as it sounded, a few minutes later, I found myself grabbing the shaker from the kitchen. When my parents weren’t looking, I inconspicuously sprinkled the white stuff around, hoping to create some supernatural barrier.
After tying garlic up around my room and around the house, I took a deep breath. I wondered again if I’d lost my mind. I overheard my name being used in conversation, and when I opened the door, I could hear my parents talking about me.
“She’s put salt and garlic everywhere,” my mom said.
“She’s just grieving over Fred, coping with it in her own way. Just let it be.”
“There’s no such thing as vampires!” my mom hissed.
“If it helps her feel safe, who cares? It’s psychological. So our house smells like dinner for a while.”
“Fine. I’ll let it go for now, but if this nonsense goes on, I’m going to have to take her to talk to someone.”
I shut the door. “Even my parents think I’ve lost it,” I whispered to myself as I fingered the silver cross on my neck. “Maybe I have.” With that melancholy thought on my mind, I closed my eyes and fell asleep.


Chapter 19
Fred had died a violent death, and I couldn’t stop thinking about him. Tears ran down my face, and I was constantly tormented by the vision of his dead body, and the words he’d spoken haunted me. I couldn’t eat or sleep. I was a mess.
I also couldn’t stop thinking about Jesse. I had to wonder if his family had anything to do with poor Fred’s demise. As much as I knew about Jesse, and as long as I’d hung around him, he was still a mystery, and I was struggling to put the pieces together. Vampires, wolves, serial killers, and curses? I wondered if I should keep it all to myself. I knew I couldn’t confide in my parents, and Julie was the closest friend I had in Big Bear Lake, other than Jesse himself. Taking a big, deep breath, I gathered the courage to spill out what I was thinking. I only hoped she wouldn’t laugh at me and try to have me committed.
“I’ve been thinking,” I began.
“Does it hurt?” she questioned, trying to cheer me up.
“Very funny. Anyway, I’ve got this crazy hypothesis. Well, it’s not all figured out, but I’m trying to…um, it’s really crazy, so please don’t laugh at me.”
“Nothing shocks me, girl.”
“This might. It’s really out there, but just bear with me.”
“Before Fred was killed, he told me he had solid evidence that Jesse is a vampire and that I should stay away from him. That’s why he gave me this cross,” I admitted, holding the pendant up for her to see.
“Whoa. And then he turns up dead with two bite marks in his neck?”
“Yes.
“Hmm. I don’t believe in vampires, but something’s going on. What if some horrible hex was placed on us when we accidentally treaded on sacred land?”
“I don’t know.”
“I’ve been searching the Internet for info on hexes and curses.”
“We can hope it’s not true, but I’m not sure. Fred mysteriously died days after we entered that forbidden place.”
She swallowed hard. “I know, and that scares me to death. What if I’m next?”
I stared at her hard, and I could tell how worried she was.
Her mouth pressed into a grim line. “I don’t wanna die, especially not like that. Maybe we could make amends and take some flowers back without crossing the line.”
I shook my head. “No way. I don’t ever want to go back there again.”
“But it might be the only way to keep us alive,” she said, her voice trembling.
“Try and keep it together, all right. I have info that’s a lot worse than curses.”
“Yeah right. Back to the vampire thing,” she said. “What else did Fred tell you?”
I sighed. “Not much, and I didn’t believe him at the time. In the end, he got mad and walked away.” I pointed to the silver cross again. “He gave this to me to protect me from the undead.”
She softly fingered the cross. “Hmm. Maybe he was being overly dramatic.”
“I thought so, too, but he really seemed to believe it.”
“You think he saw something?” she asked.
“He said he did. He said he had solid proof, but he stormed off before we could get to that.”
“Maybe he saw one of them murdering someone.”
“Stop being so morbid. I’m sure he saw something, but it couldn’t have been that. If he’d seen something that vile, he would have told me and begged me not to meet up with Jesse. But I’m sure he saw something. I just don’t know what.”
“Somebody had to kill Fred to prevent him from revealing their awful secret.”
I nodded. “Exactly. I hate to say it, but maybe it was a vampire.”
She bit her lip hard and didn’t say anything.
I knew it sounded crazy, so much so that I’d debated telling her about it, but she believed the curse, so I’d presumed vampires wouldn’t be such a far stretch. I placed a stray strand of hair behind my ear. “Do you remember when Jesse was shot?”
She arched a brown. “Yeah. How could I forget?”
“How was he able to throw that bodybuilder around like that?” I asked. “He was weak and losing blood fast. He was burning up with fever, and his face was pale, whiter than a ghost.”
“Have you ever heard of adrenaline? That stuff can make guys strong enough to lift a car.”
“I know, but there’s more to it than that.”
Her gaze narrowed. “Like what?”
“Think about it. How did he find us in the woods in the complete dark? Not even a skilled tracker could’ve done that.”
“Hmm. Now that you mention it, that was weird. Then again, how did that psycho shooter find us in the complete dark too?”
I shook my head, thinking the same thing. “You’re absolutely right. And why didn’t he come in when the door was ripped off its hinges? He just stood there, staring.”
“Maybe he was still dazed from the punch Jesse gave him.”
“Or maybe he wasn’t invited in,” I said in a dramatic tone.
Julie laughed. “Oh please! Are you trying to tell me you think he was a vampire? Next thing I know, you’ll be claiming those wolves were werewolves. And you think I watch too many horror movies!”
I let out a long breath. “I’m just saying…well, maybe there’s something paranormal going on here.”
She shook her head. “I’m not denying that. You heard that voice, and I believe you, but I think this is about ghosts and spirits—hauntings.”
“I don’t think so,” I said.
“Look, vampires are everywhere—in books, movies, magazines, online, and on television. It’s a popular craze that’s not gonna go away anytime soon. Let’s face it. Women want to be bitten and swept away by a sparkling, 100-year-old, handsome vampire. They want a hot bloodsucker in their life, and they don’t care if he’s a walking, murdering corpse. If he’s hot, they’re willing to put aside a little thing called age.”
“This is different from all that pop culture nonsense, Julie—way different. This isn’t Hollywood. It’s the real deal.”
I met her gaze. “Put the pieces together.”
“Are you saying you now believe Jesse is a vampire?”
“He has immortal strength and vision. He saw that cabin in the dark woods long before we did.”
She glanced away, as if in thought. “Sure, but he also walks in the daylight, eats, and feels warm.”
When she said that, my mind flashed back to my interactions with Jesse. In the woods, when we’d first met, he’d gone to great pains to remind me of predators, and he’d actually mentioned them pouncing on their prey with a fatal bite to the neck. He’d told me that Max had a natural instinct to hate him. The mountain lion had been frightened away by him, and he’d told me it was because of his scent. Likewise, the night of the party, he’d mentioned that there were many dangerous predators prowling around, and the party, he’d mentioned the other guys claiming us.
Thoughts of the party suddenly snapped me back to the present. “Julie, do you think you were bitten at the party?”
“No. Why? I just got hurt from the vase, when the glass broke.”
“You assumed that. We all did. Can you remember anything?”
“No. I was too wasted. It’s all a blur.”
“Try to think.”
She suddenly gripped my arm tight. “Are you trying to say we walked into a party of vampires?”
My bottom lip trembled. “Maybe.”
“Then why didn’t they kill us?” she asked, her voice rising an octave.
“One of them obviously fed off you.”
She gasped, then glanced down to think. “Probably the blond chatting me up.”
“Maybe your blood tasted so good that he followed us that night to finish you off.”
She gasped. “That’s a horrible thought, but while we’re talking about it, why didn’t the werewolves kill us? They coulda jumped through the glass and ripped us to shreds.”
“I haven’t figured that part out yet, but I’m starting to put the pieces together.” I swallowed hard. Could my crush be a vampire, or am I just blowing things out of proportion? As I thought about Jesse, something else dawned on me. “What if Jesse won’t take his shirt off at the lake because there’s no scar?”
“There has to be some sort of scar. He was bleeding all over the place,” she said. “I saw the wound. It was real.”
“I know, but he healed.”
“Don’t vampires heal right away?” she asked.
“Maybe he’s different, not like a normal vampire. If he can walk in the light and eat regular food, maybe it also takes him longer to heal.”
Julie slowly touched her chin. “I bet that’s why he didn’t want to go to the hospital or tell the police.”
“When he was shot, he so sure he was gonna be fine. Anyone else would have been worried, thinking they were on their deathbed, but he knew better. He knows he’ll never die.”
She clutched her heart. “This is all so weird. Just listen to us. We sound like lunatics.” She gripped my shoulders. “Give me more. Give me something I can sink my teeth into…uh, no pun intended.”
“Do we really sound like lunatics? I don’t think so. Jesse’s mom tries to keep him isolated for a reason. That’s why he’s homeschooled.”
“Maybe that’s a flat-out lie. If he’s hundreds of years old, he doesn’t have to be schooled at all.”
“That would be beyond weird.”
“What if you’re his bonded mate, like in vampire lure?”
“I don’t believe in that. We just have an awesome connection.” I tapped my chin. “It can’t be forced or contrived. It’s real. I can feel it.”
“Are there any other hints we’ve overlooked?”
“Hmm. Well, he did compel a mountain lion. I watched him do it.”
“You mean when he saved the kid at the zoo?”
“Exactly. Also, there’s an ankh in his tattoo. Do you know what those mean? I know the Egyptians used them a lot, and Jesse said every symbol in his tattoo has a meaning.”
Confusion crossed her features. “I don’t know, but we can Google it.”
Julie jumped on her computer and quickly typed the word in the search engine. I peeked over her shoulder and was stunned when I read the screen.
“Immortality,” she said in a stunned voice.
I swallowed hard. “I need to see him.”
“Are you kidding? What if he compels you to forget everything? He compelled Max and that big cat. What if he’s dangerous, Taylor? You can’t just waltz in there and tell him you know his secrets. What if he kills you?”
“What do you think I should do?”
“Break up with him before he a, sips on your vein for a nice, warm drink, b, makes blood your next drink of choice, and c, just flat out kills you.”
“I can’t give him up like that.”
Her gaze narrowed. “Don’t vampires use telepathy or something to control their victims?”
“I’m not a victim.”
“You’re letting him take drag you down a slippery slope, Taylor.” She gripped my arm. “What if these recent attacks were him and not some wild animal?”
A chill shot down my spine. “I can’t imagine him hurting anybody. You should see him with the animals at the zoo, especially the injured ones and the babies.”
“Does any vampire really want to be the way they are? They’re bloodthirsty and can’t help themselves. We need to go to the sheriff.”
“We can’t.”
“Why? Because you’re trying to protect Sir Sucks-a-Lot?”
“Because they won’t believe us.”
“Still, we gotta try.”
“They’ll laugh at us. All it will do is make us look silly and alert any vampire living here that we know they exist. If we go to the cops, we might be putting ourselves on a hit list—just like Fred was.”
She bit her lip. “Hmm. I didn’t think of that. You’re right. We can’t let anybody know about this, especially when we don’t know who is a vampire and who isn’t.”
“And we don’t know who the werewolves are either.”
“How did we end up in a town like this?” she asked.
“They’re trying to blend in,” I said, “and they’re doing a really good job. The thing is, if there are vampires and werewolves here, there should be many more deaths occurring. They must be controlling the way they eat so they don’t bring suspicion to themselves.”
“So they’re not dangerous because they’re in Bloodaholics Anonymous.”
“Obviously, one fell off the wagon,” I said as I glanced down to see who had left a text on my phone.
“Who is it?” Julie asked.
“It’s Jesse. He’s at my house waiting for me.”
“Your parents are gonna be gone all day. You can’t face him by yourself. It isn’t safe. Let me come with you.”
“No. I need to talk to him privately.”
“Then do it at McDonald’s or something, in a public spot.” When I didn’t answer, she continued, “What if Jesse is the killer?”
“It wasn’t him,” I said.
“You don’t know that,” she retorted.
I reached for my purse. “If he wanted to kill me, he would have done it already. He’s had plenty of opportunities.”
“Don’t confront him like this, Taylor. You were clueless to his lifestyle before, but now you know his dirty little vampy secret. If he’s aware of that, he might take you out with one big, giant bite right there at the house.”
“It’s a risk I have to take.”
“Fine, but at least take some precautions.” She turned and left the room.
“If you’re getting your father’s gun, I don’t want it!” I yelled.
She returned instead with a Bible and a wooden crucifix. “Here. Vampire repellents.”
“Seriously?”
“Honey, this is just the beginning. I’m far from done. The Internet has hundreds of tips.” She ran to the kitchen and came back with cloves of garlic.
“Seriously?” I repeated.
“I don’t have any holy water, but I can get some at church this Sunday.”
I tried to hand all the stuff back to her, but she insisted I take it.
“You know, we shoulda figured this out already. Jesse is too hot to be human. Guys like him shouldn’t exist on this planet, let alone in the middle of the woods in Big Bear Lake. Who knew that vampires could come in fifty shades of sexy?”
“Right,” I said.
“Just don’t be seduced by his hypnotizing eyes. Jesse may be handsome and sexy, but remember that he’s always out for blood. You shouldn’t invite him in when you go home. Your house can be your sanctuary, so just stand in the doorway so he can’t hurt you. Promise?”
“I promise. I guess it’s better to be safe than sorry.”
“Or slurped dry.”
In spite of her warnings, I didn’t think Jesse would hurt me. Then again, I wasn’t sure who he really was or how everything would turn out. All I knew was that I needed to talk to him.
“Taylor, you haven’t even asked what kind of hardware you need to take down that bloodsucker,” Julie said.
“I have everything you gave me.”
“Yeah, but those are just for protection. To destroy him, you’ll need a wooden stake to pierce his heart.”
“What!? I’m not killing anybody. Besides, if I did, his blue-eyed coven would come after me.”
“Right. I didn’t think about that. But if he comes after you, you’ll have no choice but to stake the night-stalker.”
“He walks in daylight, Jules.”
“Oh yeah. But you can’t just let him suck every single red blood cell out of your body,” she retorted. “I bet he gets off on it too, the pervert.”
“That’s it. I’m leaving.”
“That’s it. I’m coming.”
I sighed, knowing I wasn’t going to be able to change her mind again. “All right. I guess in this case, I can use a third wheel.”
“Let’s find some more stuff. If we get the lighter fluid from the basement, we can fry the undead bloodsucker, burning him into a million ashes.”
“I suppose that might work,” I said hesitantly, not wanting to picture it.
I followed Julie to the basement door, and after she stepped in to head down the stairs, I quickly locked it behind her.
She pounded hard with her fists. “Taylor! Let me out.”
“I can’t believe you want to fry my crush!” I said.
“Let me out! You can’t just leave me trapped down here!”
“Your mom will be home in less than an hour. You’ll be okay. I need to do this myself.”
* * *
Halfway home, I pulled off the side of the road. I couldn’t stop gasping for air, and I felt like I was having a panic attack. Since I’d never had one before, I wasn’t sure. I ran a hand through my hair and tried to think clearly, trying to come to terms with the fact that Jesse could be a vampire. Do I just have some sick imagination? Am I a mental case? If he was, in fact, a vampire, I would despise what he was, and I would never be okay with him killing people. But is it my right to judge him? Maybe he just feeds on rodents or shops at a blood bank. Maybe I’m just completely crazy. Or…maybe my heart is just as lonely as his.
I wanted to scream, so as I sat there in my car, that was exactly what I did.


Chapter 20
My chest heaved, and I sucked in giant gulps of air as I pulled into the driveway. “Keep calm,” I told myself.
As I walked up the sidewalk, he smiled.
My heart stopped. “Breathe,” I told myself.
“Hey, you,” he said.
“Hi, Jesse.”
He wrapped his arms around me and lowered his mouth on mine. His warm lips were so enticing, so addictive. His gentle touch was like none I’d ever experienced.
But my feelings about him were all mixed up. I was aware of what he might be, but I didn’t care. I couldn’t stop, couldn’t let go. I wanted to keep moving forward with him. I wanted him more than my next gulp of air. I felt myself sinking away from reality. Any normal girl would have run, but I couldn’t. His lips felt so soft and warm, and I loved the way he tangled his fingers in my long, black curls. The thought of letting him go tore at my heart, and I simply couldn’t. I simply wouldn’t.
Still, I needed answers.
He looked into my eyes, and I was awestruck, my lips still tingling. “I was thinking,” he said. “Why don’t I get us a boat so we can go out on the lake, just the two of us?”
“Sounds nice, a chance to escape all the drama for a little while.”
He threaded his fingers through my long locks, his flirtatious grin fixed on his face. “I’d love to have you all to myself.”
“You know how much I love being with you,” I whispered.
His smile eased into a big grin, and he gently caressed my face and softly kissed me. “How about this weekend?”
I drew in a short breath, but the words remained frozen in my throat. I walk over to the railing and stared into the woods.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
He regarded me intently, his hair swaying in the soft breeze wafting in from the silent woods.
“I’ve got a lot on my mind,” I finally answered.
He came from behind and hugged me. “Like what?”
I spun around, then pushed the black hair from his face, raking my fingers through it. “I’m so thirsty. How about a soda?”
“Sure. I’ll take a Sprite or Pepsi.”
I unlocked the door and stepped inside. “Jesse, we need to have a long talk. Let’s have a bite to eat and chat.” When I glanced over my shoulder, he was still standing at the doorway.
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” he asked.
“No need for that. I mean, after that fantastic kiss on the lips, do we really have to be that formal?”
“I don’t want your parents getting mad that I came in without permission,” he said.
I slowly walked to the doorway and stared into those eyes that still took my breath away; there was nothing dead about them. “Are you able to come in and get it yourself?” I asked.
“I’m not really that thirsty anyway,” he said. “I’d rather hang out here on the porch.”
Our eyes locked. He was so handsome with those strong, chiseled features, eyes as blue as the sky, and lips sculpted perfectly for kissing. I stared at his sensuous mouth, and he looked so cute with that pouty bottom lip of his.
“Are you coming back outside?” he asked.
“Are you coming inside?” I retorted.
We stared into each other’s eyes for a long moment, and it would have taken a knife to cut the tension between us. The challenge had been issued, and we both refused to give in.
“Something’s changed between us,” Jesse said. “I can sense it.”
I shook my head.
“What is it?” he asked.
“I put two and two together.”
“And what did you figure out?”
“I want to know what you’re hiding from me, Jesse,” I finally blurted out. “What’s going on?”
Jesse stared at me in silence as he contemplated what my words implied.
I inched closer to the doorway. “Take off your shirt,” I demanded.
His beautiful eyes shone as he gazed straight into my eyes. “I had no idea you were so bold, so kinky.”
My lips pressed into grim lines. “I need to know if I’m crazy, which is a very serious possibility. Take off your shirt right now please.”
He gazed deeply into my eyes. “No.”
“No?”
He smiled. “No.”
I cleared my throat. “Why not?”
“Why not?” he repeated. “Because I suddenly feel very shy. You’re treating me like a piece of meat.”
“Maybe the real reason you don’t want to remove your shirt is because you don’t have a scar from the bullet wound. I’m sure it healed very fast, and that’s why you didn’t want to go to the hospital,” I said.
He nodded, seemingly impressed with my insights. “Why?”
“Because I think you’re special.” If I was right, he would know what I was talking about. I didn’t want to risk our friendship by flat out calling him a vampire, just in case it wasn’t true.
His voice cut into my thoughts. “Special? I’m glad you think so. I feel the same about you.”
Boldly, I held up the crucifix. “Cut the games, Jesse. I know what you’re hiding. You’re immortal.”
He laughed. “Listen to yourself, Taylor! Do you think a cross can actually stop me?”
“Maybe not, but apparently, you can’t come in without being invited.”
He shook his head.
I continued, “If necessary, I can also kick a leg off one of my mom’s wooden chairs.”
“To stake me?”
“Only as a last resort, if I need to defend myself,” I retorted.
“I’m a little curious about how you came to this interesting conclusion.”
The massive lump of dread thudded down into the pit of my stomach like a lead balloon. “I put the pieces together, and they all fit quite nicely. Why don’t you stop trying to hide from me when I know the truth? You can trust me to keep your secret. My bond is my word.”
“Those were my words.”
“And I mean them.”
He gazed deeply into my eyes, then slid his shirt over his head.
My gaze darted from his powerful shoulders to his rippling abs and perfect chest, sculpted with hard muscles. His hair fell in disheveled waves across his forehead, but I didn’t see any scars on his perfect skin.
“I knew it!” I said, gasping. “It’s gone!”
“Looks like we’ve got a lot to talk about,” he said.
I tried to ignore the dry sensation inside my mouth. “How long did it take you to heal?”
“About twelve hours. It was a deep wound,” he said.
My eyes widened. “What are you?”
“You’ve clearly already decided that. You’re holding a Bible and a crucifix and threatening to stake me.”
“Don’t forget the garlic. My pockets are loaded with it.”
His gaze narrowed. “I love a girl who’s always prepared for battle.”
“Are you going to answer me or not? What are you?”
“I think you already know the answer to that, Taylor.”
I fidgeted and tried to look away. “I don’t.” I gazed up as he loomed over me. Shivering, I was thankful for that invisible barrier that kept me safe.
His blue eyes began to glow, like nothing I’d ever seen before. I watched his teeth turn from normal to pointed fangs, right before my very eyes. My heart lurched, and I suddenly began to gasp for air.
“Yes, Taylor. I am a vampire,” he said.
A cold chill shot down my spine as I stared into those glowing eyes and took in those sharp fangs. I opened my mouth to speak, but no words would come out. Max snarled, then barked fiercely. I glanced up at the blue sky, then down at the lush green grass, then the open patch of woods. They were all real, and so was the creature standing before me.
“Taylor…” he said.
My hand trembled as I rubbed my face, my brain still trying to circle around his shocking admission. I couldn’t believe my suspicions had been so spot on. I just stared at him, my feet frozen in place. Right there before me was a real, live, modern-day vampire, a supernatural, mythological, undead creature of the night—and, in his case, day. He was a dead person who existed by drinking the blood of the living.
I clenched my jaw and grabbed the doorway, trying to swallow the rising panic I felt.
“It must come as quite a shock to see me this way,” he said.
“It’s more like a punch in the gut,” I said. I couldn’t stop staring. Part of me wanted to protect him, but the other part was totally freaked out and wanted to call 911.
“You can control when your eyes and fangs transition?” I asked.
He blinked. “Yes.” He looked scary, almost deadly, and completely unpredictable.
I took a step backward, my heart still racing. “Turn it off then!”
He did, and I was completely baffled as his eyes turned back to light blue and his fangs faded back into normal teeth. I had just eye witnessed a paranormal phenomenon, and I wasn’t even sure how I was supposed to react. It took every effort in me just to breathe.
All of the sudden, my dog decided he could not stay indoors any longer, and he bolted out the door.
“Max!” I screamed.


Chapter 21
Max had run out of the house, and I had no way to protect them. Just like that, Jesse held all the cards, all the power. My breath caught in my throat as Max barked furiously.
Jesse bent down and stared into my dog’s eyes. “Stop barking and stay right here by me.”
Max immediately obeyed and lay down next to Jesse’s feet.
Jesse petted him, then smiled at me.
“Don’t you dare hurt my dog!”
“Why don’t you come out and get him?” he asked calmly.
“Can you promise me you’ll, uh…drink responsibly?”
“I’m not going to hurt you. I’m not even thirsty,” he said.
We stared into each other’s eyes. It was if he was daring me to walk past the barrier that was keeping me safe. But then another thought hit me: Mom and Dad will be home any minute. I didn’t think he’d hurt them either, but part of me just didn’t know for sure. For all I knew, he’d use them to threaten me to come outdoors. I could only pray he wouldn’t resort to such a horrible tactic.
It was clear that he hated losing any confrontation and that he wanted to have control over the situation, but I needed to let him know I wasn’t an easy mark. It was almost as mentally exhausting as a game of chess. We stared at one another, each wondering what the other’s next move would be. It was a stalemate, with both of us refusing to budge. In the end, I was sure there’d be no clear-cut winner.
He motioned for me to come out.
I glared. “You know why I can’t.”
He petted Max behind the ears again, as if taunting me. “You’d risk your dog’s life?”
“You wouldn’t hurt him!” I said. “You love animals.”
“But when he first ran out here, you thought I’d hurt him. You panicked.”
“I-I don’t know. I’m so confused! I can’t think straight. I mean, this is a lot to process.” My hands continued to tremble. “Why aren’t you trying to lie to me and get me off your scent? That’s what you should be doing right now. Instead, you’re showing me tangible proof that I can’t deny.”
“I would try to mislead anyone else, but I can’t lie to you, Taylor—not you.”
“But you…vampires are supposed to be different.”
He cocked his head in confusion. “Different?”
I blinked back tears, trying to calm my racing heart. “You walk around in the sunlight. How is that even possible for your kind?”
“I am a descendant of the Leyna, a rare race. The word itself means ‘bright and shining light’. We sleep, eat, and walk around in the daytime, but we’re still immortal beings. We can heal also, though not as quickly as normal vampires.”
“How old are you…really?”
“Seventeen.”
“Right. And you’ve been saying that for how many years to get teenage girls to fall in love with you?”
“I’m really only seventeen, Taylor. And so is Sam and Kierra. Our immortality has only begun.”
“Why didn’t you tell me all this sooner? I had every right to know.”
“I would have, but I was worried word might get out. I can’t have all those vampire fans at my doorstep, demanding me to give them the dark gift.”
I shook my head, then continued, “So you were you bitten by the Leyna this year?”
His gaze narrowed. “No. I was born a vampire.”
I gasped.
“Our race can bear offspring. There’s not many of us, and we’re very rare, only 100 in the world.”
“Do the other vampires know about you?”
“Yes, but we take great pains to stay hidden.”
“Are all the vampires here Leyna?”
“There’re only a handful of us in this town. The others are regular vampires. The ones you met at the party were from all over the United States, here for a weekend get-together. Most of them are beyond dangerous. You were invited to the party so they could feed on you, but some of them were so drunk that I’m sure they couldn’t have stopped. There were other humans there, too, all of them as clueless as you were about the dangers of a vampire-infested cabin in the woods.”
“And you condone that sort of thing?”
“Not at all,” he retorted, “but we’re sorely outnumbered, and most of them are hundreds of years old.”
“Why didn’t you get us out of the house right away?”
“If I would’ve dragged you out of there, they would’ve attacked me. I had to play it cool and pretend like I was enjoying the party. I was only there to sneak you guys out.”
“Why was that guy chasing us?” I asked.
“He wanted Julie. He had a taste of her blood and wanted more. He tried to fight it off because he didn’t want to worry about any fatalities being reported, but he couldn’t stop himself. I got shot trying to protect you from him and his kind.”
“What about the wolves?”
A serious expression came over his face. “I don’t trust them, but for one reason or another, they were protecting us.”
“When I tried to leave, one lunged at my foot.”
“They were only trying to keep you inside so Jonathon wouldn’t kill you or Julie. They knew he’d have to leave at sunrise.”
“So Jonathon survived the wolf attack?”
“He’s almost 1,000 years old and very experienced. He had no trouble outrunning them.”
Mixed feelings rattled in my chest. “Will he come back?”
“No. He went back to Washington, and he apologized. I’m sure he’s out hunting where he lives though.”
I just stared at him, almost unable to believe it. “I’ve got lots of questions.”
“And I’ve got plenty of answers,” he said.
“Do you sleep in a coffin or change into a bat?”
“No. Those are just myths. Besides, coffins are too industrial these days, not comfortable at all,” he tried to joke, but nothing about the conversation was laughable.
I couldn’t stop staring at him. Even though I’d suspected him for a while, the whole thing was so hard to believe.
Worry lines crossed his features. “Say something, Taylor. Anything.”
“I-I can’t believe I was kissed by a vampire.”
He stared at my lips. “Did you like it?”
“Yes. I’ve never felt anything so…sexy and arousing, and all you did was touch my lips.” I couldn’t even imagine what an open-mouthed kiss would be like. Pushing my fears to the back of my mind, I took a deep breath and tried to focus. “Do you…drink blood?” I finally found the courage to ask.
He inched closer. “Are you asking if I’m dangerous?”
My heart thundered. “Yes. Are you?”
His brow furrowed as he pondered the question. “I could kill you before you knew what happened. Yes, I can be very dangerous.”
“So…what kind of vampire are you?” I asked.
“I’m not sure what that means. I’ve already explained that I’m not a regular one.”
“Are you the sexy, brooding type with a troubled soul, seeking forgiveness for your sins, or are you more of the scary type, the one who rips into flesh without conscience, ready to devour the whole town? Are you a manipulative vampire or the kind that sparkles?”
“I’m just Jesse…and I refused to be labeled.”
“Point taken.” I gripped the doorframe and met his gaze. “Do you have to kill me now that I know your secret?”
“Why don’t you invite me inside and find out?”
My voice went flat. “You haven’t told me what you really eat.”
“Do you really want to know?”
I swallowed hard against my racing pulse and forced myself to stay calm. The realization was that I was completely and utterly attracted to a paranormal creature who could easily rip my neck apart, and that made me shiver. “I do. I want to know. I need to know, Jesse.”
“Come outside, and we’ll talk about it,” he said.
My breath caught in my throat. I wasn’t that dumb. Even though none of it seemed real and I felt like I was living in one of those B-movies I’d downloaded on my iPhone, I wasn’t about to take any chances. “I-I can’t accept this. I’m going through so many emotions right now. Maybe we should take a break for a little while. I just…I’m not sure what’s going on between us, if anything.”
As soon as the words left my mouth, I was stunned. There I was, on my doorstep, dumping the hottest guy I’d ever known. As open-minded as I tried to be, I simply couldn’t handle who he was. I was suffocating, finding it impossible to breathe as he stared at me with those blue eyes of his.
“Taylor…”
I loved the way he said my name, and that made it all the harder. “This isn’t the movies, television, or a novel,” I said. “It’s not just some little road bump. I’ve got a lot to process here. This is huge, and I need some time.”
His gaze softened. “You know what?”
“What?”
“Take all the time you need. I’m not going anywhere. I will wait, and I will only go far as you let me.”
He held his hand up, and my palm touched his right at the imaginary line. I could feel the invisible shield, yet I could feel Jesse’s warm hand. Electricity and warmth sparked through my hand, as if I’d touched a live wire. It was weird, something I couldn’t explain it. It was absolutely, 100 percent paranormal.
“You feel…human,” I said. I worried that I was being slowly sucked in, compelled by the darkness that I was sure lurked inside every single one of us. He possessed a mystery and darkness that drew me in slowly, breath by breath. Though I was weary, I was drawn in by his tall, dark, handsome beauty. But I had to remember one thing, and that was just how dangerous he was.
“We have more human traits than any other vampire. Even still, I drink blood once a week.”
“Does that mean you’ll drink mine?”
He stared down at my neck. “Is that an invitation?”
“I’d rather you just run your tongue and mouth down my neck.”
“You have no idea how badly I want to suck and devour your neck…”
“With your teeth?”
“With my tongue.”
“Will you bite?”
“I’ll lick, suck, and nibble, but I won’t break your skin. You’d enjoy it.”
The way he stared at me tripled the rhythm of my heartbeat. His gaze was so sensual, so sexy that I could feel my body flooding with heat. “I can imagine your mouth against my neck,” I said, meaning every single word.
His eyes flickered with desire. “I need you so bad, Taylor.”
“I need you worse.” More hunger, more need flooded through me, sending goosebumps all over my body.
“Then let me run my lips up and down your neck and whisper your sweet name in your ear.” When the words froze in my throat, he continued. “Let me give you those sparks and that fiery passion your ex could never give you.”
My nerves were electrified, dying for his touch, for his kiss.
“I want to kiss your earlobe, then trail my tongue down your jaw and your neck.” He stared at my mouth. “Just two steps, Taylor. I promise you won’t regret it, but it seems we have a trust issue now that you know my identity.”
I couldn’t move my gaze from his face. “You’re a bad influence on me, Jesse.”
Ever so slowly, he leaned as close as he could to the invisible wall. “I could be the best thing you ever had, but you’ll never know if you don’t give me a fighting chance,” he said with great and convincing determination in his voice.
I couldn’t breathe, and the room seemed to grow hotter and four sizes smaller.


Chapter 22
I stood inside my house with the door open, safe inside my sanctuary. The vampire couldn’t come in because I hadn’t invited him, one part of the lore that was working to my advantage.
Jesse looked into my eyes. “I can hear the loud crash of every single beat of your heart.”
“What!?” I gasped and clutched my chest.
He stared at me intently. “I can hear your heart beating, racing, thundering.”
I inhaled deeply to steady my pulse, but it didn’t seem to help much. “What do you want with a mere mortal?” I asked. “Surely entanglements with us are bound to cause you trouble.”
“Yes, we live by a code that requires our existence to remain secret, and I slipped up by getting shot. But what am I supposed to do? Keep my shirt on for the rest of our relationship? I’ve never desired to tell anyone my secret to before, but I want you to know everything about me. I don’t want to lie to you, to keep secrets from you. You’re special, Taylor, someone who will keep my secrets safe. Why wouldn’t I want to be with a mortal like you? You’re beautiful, funny, caring, intelligent, and…” He smiled. “Do you want me to keep going?”
“Please do. You’re doing such a fine job.”
“You’re amazing. And it’s just not your physical beauty. You have a wonderful personality. I’ve never met anyone like you before in my life.”
Emotion overwhelmed me. “I’m moved. I really am, but what if this isn’t for me? Will you let me go on my merry way? And how can I when I know what’s out there, now that I know humans are at the bottom of the food chain?”
“What if you were destined to be in my world?”
“No. I want to grow old, Jesse, and you’re not gonna want me when I’m eighty. I know I’m taking it to extremes, though, ‘cause we probably wouldn’t even last that long.”
“Who says?”
“Tell me what to expect…and please don’t sugarcoat it. Be upfront.”
He let out a long breath. “You’re walking into a major train wreck,” Jesse said.
“I love your honesty.”
“I’d be lying if I told you everything will be roses and candy. Nothing about our relationship would be typical.”
“You know it will be hell, yet you still want me to walk down the fiery path?”
He towered above me with a desperate look on his face. He peered into my eyes, as if I was his only hope. “It’s your choice, and it won’t be easy, but I can’t stand to be apart from you.”
“Jesse, please tell me you didn’t kill those women I keep hearing about in the news.”
He sucked in a breath, then let it out slowly. “I didn’t.”
“If you say you didn’t, I believe you, but have you ever killed anyone? I have to know.”
“No. I’m not a murderer.”
“That makes me feel better.”
“I’m also not perfect, Taylor. A war rages in me constantly between human compassion and the vampire urges I was born with. I feel like I need to make more changes for you to even consider being with somebody like me.”
“You don’t need to change a thing,” I said. “You’re the most wonderful person I know. When I see how you act with those animals at the zoo, I couldn’t imagine you hurting anybody.”
He lifted his hand to the invisible barrier, his lips settling into a serious line. “I’m broken.”
I touched his hand that was resting on the invisible wall. “Who isn’t?”
He took a deep breath, then continued, “You couldn’t begin to fix me.”
“Who says you need fixing?” I said. “Perfection is overrated anyway. For me, you’re perfect just the way you are. I want you for you, the guy I’m staring at this very second.”
“But I’ve messed up, and—”
“Who doesn’t? Heck, I’ve messed up a million times. When I do, I just get back on my feet and try again.”
“It’s hard to keep moving forward when life has thrown so many disappointments at me. Sometimes I think I’m, uh…”
“Misunderstood?”
His lips pressed into a grim line. “Yes.”
Our eyes connected, and we held the gaze for a long moment.
“I don’t know what I’d do without you. You’re the only one who gets me.”
“You get me too,” I said. “We can’t use our mistakes as an excuse to avoid getting back up. We can’t undo the past, but we can always start over again.”
“Let’s forget all about our pasts.”
“And begin again…together?” I said softly. “Do you believe in fresh starts, in new beginnings?”
“Yes.”
“Just remember, Jesse, that life is what you make it. Even if you’re gonna live for thousands of years, you must make every day count.”
“Do you believe in fate?” he asked.
“I do.”
“You and me are already set in motion, Taylor. We couldn’t stop if we tried.”
I stared into his eyes, and I couldn’t deny the truth of his words. “You’re far more than the charming vampire from Big Bear Lake, California.”
“Do you trust me, Taylor?” he asked.
Emotion flooded his features, and tears welled up in his eyes. I could see how much he cared about me. We were clearly meant to be together. I couldn’t explain it, but I felt it all the way to the core of my being. I knew life would be better with him by my side, in spite of what he was—or maybe because of it.
I stared deeply into his eyes. “Of course I trust you.”
His penetrating gaze pierced my soul, and my knees threatened to buckle.
“Then prove it,” he said.
The intensity between us began to grow. I drew another breath, deeper than before. A thousand flames coursed through me, threatening to consume me; I could actually feel the heat rising. I’m dying for his touch. Even still, I knew if I stepped out that door, I’d have no defenses against him. I had promised Julie, my new best friend, that I wouldn’t risk too much, but the inexplicable connection between us was luring me with fierce temptation. Should I take him up on his dare? Should I take the risk when every logical impulse is screaming for me to run? If I step out that door, am I walking into danger’s arms?
He had a gravitational pull I couldn’t deny, like a tractor beam, pulling me in. I was drawn to him in every way. I had never believed in that kind of attraction; I’d always thought it was exaggerated for books and movies because I’d never experienced it for myself. Now, standing there in front of him, I felt helpless against its pull, against that butterfly-flying-to-the-moon-and-back sensation. Jesse was him, the guy I’d been looking for, the one who ignited a fire inside of me, the person with whom I felt the strongest, most amazing connection I’d ever felt before.
He held out his hand, and I inhaled deeply. I didn’t know if I was going to die or not, but I trusted him with all my heart.
I stared at his beaming smile as I stepped through the doorway, into his strong arms. His twinkling eyes shone as he gazed straight into my brown ones. The chemistry between us was electric and mind-blowing, but our bond was stronger than that and was steadily growing. I could feel his heart, his love, his emotion, and his strong affection.
Our eyes locked, and everything around me disappeared. I breathed in the scent of his skin. In a flash, his strong arms lifted me off the ground, and within milliseconds, my back was pinned against the outer wall of the house. An electric shock shot through me as his lips crashed into mine. His body pressed against mine, and I let out a soft moan. His breath was hot on my skin, and heat rushed to my cheeks. I tugged at his shirt, allowing him to deepen our kiss. My entire body ignited. Hunger roared inside me as I burned with desire. He tasted so good that I couldn’t stop.
Hot tingles flooded through my body like a giant tidal wave. I loved when his mouth crushed mine, when his strong hands cupped the back of my head as his soft tongue swirled around mine in circles. I slid my hands up his back and wrapped them around his strong shoulders. The mesmerizing kiss grew bolder, turning into something so passionate, so intense, so wild and crazy and everything Jesse represented. The Earth stopped, and everything around me faded other than the beating of my racing heart. I felt like I’d been scorched by a bolt of lightning. When we pulled away, I was gasping for air and breathing heavily. It wasn’t every day I’d met a myth, let alone kissed one.
I had never, ever been kissed like that before, not even in my sexiest fantasies. I’d heard people talk about fireworks, symphonies, and electricity when describing kisses, but the sensation of our lips meeting was a million times more amazing than anything I’d ever imagined. My heart continued beating faster than the wings of a humming bird. I had him in my arms, and I was never going to let go.
I tangled my fingers through his thick, soft hair as the kiss deepened into a passionate lip-lock—long, fast, and intense. He poured all of his mind, body, soul, and emotion into the mind-blowing moment, then kissed me again. This time, it was slow, tender, and passionate—so perfect, so right, and so romantic. Sparks flew as I opened and closed my mouth to the rhythm, wanting to devour him.
He rested his forehead against mine as we took long, slow breaths, his intense eyes burning as he gazed into my very core, right into my soul.
“You stole my breath,” I said, “but I should’ve expected that. You’re supposed to give hot, deadly kisses. It’s what your kind are known for.”
He touched his forehead against mine, and every inch of my body tingled, desperately longed for his touch.
“You’re trouble,” I said.
His winter-blue eyes held mine. “Yet you stay.”
I drew another breath. “I should go.”
A grin creased his face. “But you won’t.”
“When I see something I want, I don’t run just because of a few hurdles.”
“Lucky for me.”
I smiled.
“I’ve wanted to kiss you that deeply from the very second I laid eyes on you in the forest,” he said.
“Me too,” I said, caressing his sweet face. “That was amazing. You’re a great kisser, Jesse…for a dead guy.”
He laughed. “I’m not dead. Please don’t mistake me for one of those walking corpses.”
“Sorry.”
He smiled. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
I kissed his lips again as rays of light passed through the clouds and shone on our faces. “It’s been cloudy all day…until now,” I said when I pulled away and looked at his beautiful, angelic face.
“See? Even the universe is starting to take notice,” he said, gently weaving his hands through my hair.
I grinned. “Maybe it’s a great and glorious sign that we’re meant for each other.”
“I don’t need signs. I knew it the moment I saw you.” He kissed my lips ever so softly, mesmerizing me as his warm breath hovered there. “Am I everything you thought a vampire would be?”
“Hmm. You’re missing the white, frilly shirt and billowing, black cape,” I retorted.
He smirked. “My mom told me to stay hip with today’s styles and not to wear the cape, no matter how good it looks on me.”
I laughed. “And you’re also missing the slicked-back hair, fake blood, the white-painted face with dark circles, and, last but not least, the plastic fangs.”
“Plastic fangs would make me talk with a lisp. Mine are all natural.”
I touched his lips. “Wow. I just kissed the most prolific monster in the history of movies and television and lived to tell about it.”
“Hollywood is so confused about us,” he said. “I’m far more layered and complex than they’ll ever know.”
“You don’t have an overwhelming desire to bite me, do you?” I asked with a smile.
“Well…maybe, but not for blood.”
“You can control your bloodlust for me?”
“I’m not saying it’s easy. I feed before work, even though I only need to once a week. My mom has a source who supplies us from a blood bank he works at. Eating every day helps keep me in check. Also, Sam taught me how to keep my urges under control, and Kierra showed me what to do when I feel like I’m going to explode. Mom worked with me a lot to teach me how to be around humans and animals. If I couldn’t keep it under control, I could never work at the zoo.”
“Well, you’re doing a good job fitting in,” I said.
I still didn’t understand how I could crave someone like him, someone who was nothing but trouble. Sure, he was dangerous, wild, and untamed, but I found those qualities intriguing as the unquenchable desire flooding through me whenever I looked at him. My heart beat a million times a minute every time I was around him, but I couldn’t run. Yes, Jesse was a vampire, but I felt safer around him than I’d ever felt with anyone before.
“I didn’t get this way overnight,” he said. “It was…well, a long process.”
I knew he was telling the truth. Life is crazy, I thought, or maybe it’s just fate. All I knew was that I’d been thrown a major curveball, and I had no idea what to expect. Jesse was a puzzle, and I planned to put every piece together until I had the full picture of him. I knew I shouldn’t kiss someone so dangerous, someone with such a dark secret flowing through his veins, but our deliciously wicked kiss played over and over in my head, and I simply couldn’t turn away.
Jesse’s thumb grazed my lips as he stared deeply into my eyes. “There must be something wrong with my eyes,” he softly said.
“What? Why?”
“I-I can’t seem to take them off you.”
I smiled widely. He was my addiction, my drug, and no force on Earth could keep me away. I kissed a vampire…and I liked it, I thought to the tune of that Katy Perry song. A jolt shot down my spine as I gazed into his eyes, still regarding me with that look that told me he couldn’t stop thinking about our kiss either.
The problem was, Jesse was a vampire, while I was a mere human. Not only that, but he wasn’t just a normal vampire, the Dracula sort or one of those baseball-playing, twinkly ones from the movies. No, my vampire was a rare species, a supernatural wonder who could actually walk in the light. When I really thought about that, I was floored.
Will we actually make it? I wondered. Truthfully, I had no idea. I still couldn’t fathom jumping into the world of the paranormal, the darkness of vampire legend. I couldn’t imagine anything more dangerous. Then again, I didn’t care, because I couldn’t imagine anything more intriguing either. I knew the high stakes and the risk, but I wanted him more than I’d ever wanted anything or anyone.
Yes, I knew he was toxic, but sometimes we can’t control what the heart wants—and mine screamed for Jesse with every beat.

Taylor’s story continues with Book 2: Crash, now available (see pic below)

Amazon link to Crash - Book 2: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00HBVTUCK

If you enjoyed this story, please let others know by adding a review. This helps others find new authors that they may have never heard of before, but may enjoy. Thank you, I appreciate it so much. Thank you for your support. Link to Crush: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FBRKH8M

Thank you so much for sharing Taylor’s journey. It was a pleasure having you along. I hope you enjoyed the story just as much as I enjoyed writing it. Connect with me online!

Chrissy’s blog: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/

Facebook Fan Page: (I’d love to hear your comments and thoughts!) https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=vb.351121651567296&type=2#!/pages/Chrissy-Peebles/351121651567296

The Crush Saga Book Trailer: http://youtu.be/4eMF8KXEUc4








Eternal Vows (free read): http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007HPDFBC
Eternal Vows UK link: http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B007HPDFBC







This book (CRUSH) is being featured in an anthology called, DARLINGS OF DARKNESS. There are 9 other vampire stories. This is a FREE read on Amazon US.

Meet THE DARLINGS OF DARKNESS: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/2013/09/meet-queens-of-darnkess.html

DARLINGS OF DARKNESS Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Darlings-of-Darkness-Author-Page/207919009369511
Amazon Link for Darlings of Darkness: http://www.amazon.com/Darlings-Darkness-Vampire-Anthology-ebook/dp/B00FCN82BO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379876020&sr=8-1&keywords=darlings+of+darkness+peebles

Amazon UK Link for Darlings of Darkness: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Darlings-Darkness-Vampire-Anthology-ebook/dp/B00FCN82BO/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379875931&sr=8-1-fkmr0&keywords=darlings+of+darkness+peebels


 Zombie Series

If you like vampires, you might like zombies. If you do, I have a zombie series out in e-book, paperback, and audio. Book 1 is FREE! It’s called, THE ZOMBIE CHRONICLES.

*This is a young adult book series. Each chronicle will feature Dean's struggles as he tries to survive in this new world. And thus the name, The Zombie Chronicles. I hope you enjoy this series, and thank you for giving book one a chance.*

Warning: Mild violence. For mature teens or older.

BOOK TRAILER: http://youtu.be/ociUHiL1g70

Val was bitten by a zombie and now she’s scheduled for lethal injection. Breaking all the rules, eighteen year old, Dean Walters snags an experimental serum. But it can’t be tested until Val turns into a zombie: something authorities won’t allow. Her execution is scheduled to happen before transformation is complete, giving Dean only hours to break her out.

When their helicopter crashes straight into the heart of Zombie Land, his rescue mission becomes a fight for survival…and giving up on Val is NOT an option.
The Zombie Chronicles Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B008R53WBO

The Zombie Chronicles Amazon UK: http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B008R53WBO

The Zombie Chronicles Paperback: http://www.amazon.com/Zombie-Chronicles-Apocalypse-Infection-Unleashed/dp/1484131738/ref=tmm_pap_title_0?ie=UTF8&qid=1379757116&sr=1-1

The Zombie Chronicles Audio: http://www.amazon.com/Zombie-Chronicles-Apocalypse-Infection-Unleashed/dp/B00DP0HVSG/ref=tmm_aud_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&sr=1-1&qid=1379757116



Zombie stories from thirty-two of your favorite female authors in this Bestselling Zombie Anthology

DARLINGS OF DECAY is absolutely FREE! (On Amazon US)


Meet the DARLINGS OF DECAY: http://www.zombiepop.net/the-queens-of-zombie-present-darlings-of-decay/
Darlings of Decay Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/Darlings-Of-Decay-ebook/dp/B00DQ1P3S4

Darlings of Decay Amazon UK link: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Darlings-Of-Decay-ebook/dp/B00DQ1P3S4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379876157&sr=8-1&keywords=darlings+of+decay

 DARLINGS OF DECAY Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Darlings-of-Decay-Author-Page/348258665304670


Featuring stories and excerpts from –

Tamara Rose Blodgett
Vanessa Booke
Chantal Boudreau
Laura Bretz
Tonia Brown
Catt Dahman
Mia Darien
CM Doporto
Jacqueline Druga
Dana Fredsti
Belinda Frisch
April Grey
Michelle Kilmer
Rebecca Hansen
Lori R. Lopez
Suzi M.
Tara Maya
Shannon Mayer
Lyra McKen
Cynthia Melton
Kristen Middleton
Chrissy Peebles
Jeannie Rae
Suzanne Robb
Julianne Snow
Rebecca Snow
Anna Taborska
Ally Thomas
C,A, Verstraete
A.R. Von
Annie Walls
Jen Wilde

With over 325,000 words and featuring some of Amazon's Best Selling Female Authors of Horror, this is certainly not your typical anthology book!

Sit back as your favorite authors of zombie lit take you on a wild, horrifying ride that will leave you breathless. Come and meet the women who love to entertain you with their own unique versions of the zombie apocalypse.











Five Shades of Fantasy Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/Five-Shades-of-Fantasy-ebook/dp/B00EZCKQP8/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1379697595&sr=1-1&keywords=five+shades+of+fantasy

Five Shades of Fantasy Amazon UK link: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Five-Shades-of-Fantasy-ebook/dp/B00EZCKQP8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379876298&sr=8-1&keywords=five+shades+of+fantasy

5 thrilling full length fantasy/romance novels in one volume - 5 sexy heroes 5 strong heroines

5 bestselling novels by 5 bestselling authors with a bonus excerpt bring you Five Shades of Fantasy. This is five complete novels from some of today's most exciting authors. Each shade is a different genre of the fantasy and romance you love the most.

A star-studded anthology of thrilling, action-packed and totally swoon-worthy first books from five different fantasy series by your favorite female authors.

Shade 1 - YA Paranormal Fantasy
Blurb: What if you fall in love with the one person you are destined to kill?
Ignite by bestselling author Kaitlyn Davis.

Shade 2 - YA Paranormal Romance
Blurb: lurks in the dead of night...
Blur by bestselling author Kristen Middleton (who hit #4 as a ranked author in horror).

Shade 3 – YA Fantasy with Paranormal Powers
Blurb: The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case the daughter.
Rae of Hope by bestselling author WJ May

Shade 4 - New Adult Urban Fantasy Romance
Blurb: Fire, Water, Air and Earth. Nothing could stop her from changing.
Element by bestselling author CM Doporto

Shade 5 – Paranormal romance and fantasy adventure.
Blurb: Mistaken identity comes along with dangerous consequences; and slipping on an ancient wedding ring comes along with an even higher price.
Eternal Vows by bestselling author Chrissy Peebles of more than ten novels including the popular series The Zombie Chronicles.

Bonus excerpt
Keeper from Amazon’s award winning quarter semifinalist Tiffany Evans

Meet the women behind Five Shades Of Fantasy: http://chrissypeebles.blogspot.com/2013/09/meet-women-behind-five-shades-of-fantasy_5803.html

Five Shades of Fantasy Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Five-Shades-of-Fantasy-Author-Page/651213318222721

Vampire in Denial
(Book 1 of Family Blood Ties)
Blood doesn't just make her who she is...it also makes her what she is.
Like being a sixteen-year-old vampire isn't hard enough, Tessa's throwback human genes make her an outcast among her relatives. But try as she might, she can't get a handle on the vampire lifestyle and all the...blood.
Turning her back on the vamp world, she embraces the human teenage lifestyle-high school, peer pressure and finding a boyfriend. Jared manages to stir something in her blood. He's smart and fun and oh, so cute. But Tessa's dream of a having the perfect boyfriend turns into a nightmare when vampires attack the movie theatre and kidnap her date.
Once again, Tessa finds herself torn between the human world and the vampire one.
Will blood own out? Can she make peace with who she is as well as what?
Dale Mayer
Valley Publishing
Copyright © 2011
ISBN-13: 978-0-9877411-3-4

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidences either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
DEDICATION
This book is dedicated to my children, especially my daughter Kara, who started me on the road to writing young adult books. Enjoy!

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Preview
About Dale Mayer

CHAPTER ONE
Being part vampire played havoc on her love life.
Tessa didn't need her dates for their blood. In fact, she had this thing against young male blood. Horrible tasting stuff.
Not that she'd tell them that. At least not during the first meeting.
And she rarely got a second. Maybe it was a lack of self-confidence like her girlfriends said. Or maybe she was too shy. It didn't really matter. Her life sucked. She winced. Or maybeshedid.
Tessa checked out her black-tipped nails. Maybe she should change the color. Black did go with everything, just not necessarily with the new look she was trying out. The one that might make Jared notice her. She shrugged. Her venture into red nail polish hadn't worked out so well, either. People had actually cringed when they saw her hands, even with her extendable nails retracted.
She studied the long, sharp points. So maybe the red had made them look like blood dripped from them.
She sighed and slouched lower on her bed, plumping the pillows under her head. She adored red. And black. But those were vampire colors. And she wasn't doing those anymore.
Her world didn't exactly overflow with potential dates. Not with her family hovering protectively behind her. Even worse, her two older brothers insisted on escorting her to various school parties and events. Shudder. Like how humiliating was that? The snide comments whispered during the last party still whirled through her head.
'What's wrong with her?'
'There has to be some loser out there who'd bring her. God, how pathetic.'
'Her brothers? Again?'
The mad titter of gossiping females always followed. Worse were the worried glances and whispered comments from her well-meaning family, particularly her mother, who trotted out one question almost daily.
'Why can't you be happy with who you are?'
It was hard to be happy when you were a genetic oddity. A primitive. A throwback. A weirdo – not fully one ofthem.
Why was she part-vampire in a family of vampires? Theoddone in her ancient lineage, an anomaly in the genes that showed up every few generations. Yay for her.
"Tessa? Come down here, please," her mother called.
Now what? Her mom never called her down to offer a mother-daughter day out or to give Tessa money for clothes. It was more likely that her mom needed a hand, or wanted Tessa to do chores. What was with her parents, anyway?
"Tessa?"
"I'm here," she called as she walked out of her bedroom. Entering the kitchen, her father, both brothers and Cody slouched at the table, sucking back blood smoothies and coffee. She groaned at the collection of strong dominant males that stared at her.
So what else was new?
Tessa cringed. She didn't have the same thirst for blood as the rest of her family. Different from them, and feeling like she didn't belong, Tessa now took every chance she could to be different.
Dead silence greeted her arrival.
"Tessa, what have you done to your hair?" The words exploded from her mother and were echoed by the shocked looks from the rest of her family.
"Oh." Instinctively, Tessa touched the top of her head. "I wanted a change."
"A change? That's not a change, that's…that's…" Her mother couldn't find the right word.
"Bizarre?" Seth suggested.
"Cool."
She smiled at David, the younger of her two brothers. At eighteen, he was only a year and a half older than her. They were close. He understood what she was going through, having struggled with his own issues a few years ago. If anyone could relate to her need to be different from her family, he did.
Her mother stood in front of Tessa, her hand touching Tessa's pure white locks. Horror rippled across her mom's features as tears threatened to fall. "Your beautiful hair."
Tessa watched her warily. She hadn't expected this strong reaction. "The hair is still there, Mom. It's just white instead of black, that's all."
"You're a vampire. One of the ancient ones. We're proud of our family’s dark hair."
"No, you're a vampire. I'm only part vampire." Nobody understood how she felt. "You're proud of your dark hair, and I…well, let's just say I was ready for something different."
Seth, her oldest brother, shot her a warning look. She glared back at him.
Over the years, her parents had always been understanding as the three of them had gone through their teenage years, especially with her brothers. David sported a punk cut, his hair spiked in every direction. The girls loved it. Then again, girls lovedhim.
She just wanted a piece of the action. With the guys, of course.
"I like it," Cody said slowly. "It's really hot."
Tessa beamed. Wow! Cody almost never said anything directly to her. And when he did, it was usually to call her down. As David's best friend, he practically lived here – whether she liked it or not. "Thank you. I'm glad someone does."
"Oh, Tessa honey. I wish you'd relax about not having a boyfriend. Don't try to change yourself into something you're not. You'll find someone soon. Someone who will love you for who you are."
Easy for her to say.Her mom was one of the most beautiful vampires in existence. Her centuries-old features were still young and perfect. Her figure – well, Tessa's couldn't even begin to compare.
Sigh.
Seth might be the quietest in the family, the older, and more studious one, but he nailed the issue on the head. "And that's the problem, Mom. No guy's going to fall in love with her when she isn't happy with herself. Self-confidence is sexy."
Tessa turned her head to hide the rising warmth on her cheeks. Her family never blushed. They probably couldn't – yet another way she was different.
With her hands fisted on her hips, her mom spun around to face Seth. Outrage vibrated through her slim frame. "That's not true. Tessa knows she's beautiful – inside and out. Any boy would be happy to go out with her."
Tessa's dad had stayed suspiciously quiet. She glanced at him warily from the corner of her eye. He rarely spoke, but when he did…
"What's his name?" his deep voice boomed. It was like he shouted it out to the world. How did he know she had a crush on someone?
She gasped, her shoulders hunching protectively. Catcalls and a chorus of teasing bombarded her. Tessa raced out of the room.
Her mother's chastising voice lingered in the space she'd left behind. "Stop it. Don't tease her. You've all been there."
"Yeah, but this is way more fun!"
Tessa ran faster.
She wanted to run from her life.
***
Two hours later, Tessa ventured out of her room a second time and snuck through the house and out the back door. Exiting the yard, she lifted her face to the sunlight and smiled. One huge advantage of her genetics – she could go outside in daylight. David could, but only for a short time. Seth couldn't stand sunlight at all. That's what evolution did to this new generation. Now there were mixed breeds and mixed families, but the purists looked down on all of those.
The treaty that stopped vampires from preying on people helped. Although as her family had never been big on hunting humans to begin with, they'd been happy to move forward peacefully.
Not that Tessa trusted the treaty to control all vampires. She'd heard too many stories.
And, if a full-blooded vampire preyed on her, he'd get a mouthful of something he wasn't expecting.
She snickered. Maybe someone should try. He'd probably poison himself. And if he didn't, he'd have to deal with the rest of her family. She might be different from the other members of her family, but she was theirs. Families. Couldn't live with them, couldn't live without them.
Now that they'd figured out what was bothering her, they'd never stop hassling her. If they found out who she had a crush on, her life would be officially over.
The sun peeped out from behind a cloud. Not hot and not cold, it was a beautiful sunny day. A breeze whistled down the street. She passed several people on the sidewalk. With night and day schools to accommodate the two societies, Tessa was an odd duck in that she often attended both. It depended on what classes were offered.
The back and forth really messed with her sleep patterns.
Being part of two worlds gave her an odd perspective, a unique insight into both – affected by the prejudices of both. Her human friends often criticized the vampires, and there'd been times she'd had to bite her tongue because she wanted to defend her species. She could walk in both worlds – yet didn't feel normal or fully welcome in either.
She attended just enough vampire affairs that most local vampires knew who she was – but maybe notwhat. Not that she knew, either. She didn't have the standard fangs – hers elongated, just not as long as normal vampires’ – yet her wicked retracting fingernails were envied by many. Not even her mother had those. Tessa was tall, but not overly tall compared to her mother. She was skinnier than most vamps her age. And then there were her eyes. Vampires were known for their dark eyes. Only Tessa's were emerald green. She liked them.
"Tessa."
Tessa turned, spotting her friends, Jill and Catherine, on the other side of the street. They studied the traffic, then ran across. Idiots. Both of them. They could die doing that.
She grinned as they surrounded her. Jill was tiny, dark and on the plump side. She stared at Tessa, her mouth hanging open. Catherine, blonder with shoulder length curls, gasped. "Oh my gosh, itisyou!"
"Look at your hair. It's gorgeous." Both girls reached out to touch her waist-length hair.
"Really? You aren't just saying that to be nice?" she asked shyly.
Catherine moaned. "No way. You look great. How did you get it that color? It's so cool. You know what you should do now – get a suntan. A honey-nut tan and wow!"
Tessa beamed. At leasttheyliked her new look. She held out her fingers. "What do you think about my nails?"
"Ohh." The three girls fell into a full-on fashion discussion as they completed the walk to the mall.
"So, did you hear about Dane and Tami?" Catherine always had the latest gossip.
Tessa lit up. Dane and his on-again, off-again girlfriend kept everyone entertained. "No. What?"
"They had a huge fight right at the movie theater. They were actually asked to leave the building."
"That bad? Oh my." She giggled. Tami was a drama queen extraordinaire. Dane, on the other hand, was king of the football field. He liked his girlfriends gorgeous and stupid. They both liked to be the center of attention. It had appeared to be a match made in heaven.
"That's so normal for them. They'll kiss and make up again. They always do." Catherine snickered.
Jill glanced over at the other two girls. Words burst from her mouth in a high squeaky voice. "Kurt called me last night."
"What?" Squeals erupted as the trio stopped in the middle of the length of sidewalk.
"Spill. Every little detail. Now!"
As the story unfolded, Tessa found herself overjoyed that her friend had been asked out – but inside, a small kernel of envy reared its ugly head. She was the only one of the three who couldn't attract any interest from a guy. Was she so ugly? So yucky?
She peered at her reflection in the big window of the clothing store beside them. Her hair helped her stand out, but everything else appeared normal. Too normal. Nothing special or attractive about her. Obviously nothing that attracted human males. She frowned at her reflection.
"Stop doing that." Catherine smacked her lightly on her shoulder. "You look great. What I wouldn't do to have those cheekbones."
"Not to mention those witchy eyes. Your white skin and green eyes… absolute dynamite," Jill added enviously.
"Right," Tessa scoffed. "Then why don't I have any guys hanging around me?"
"You probably intimidate them."
Tessa gave Jill a sidelong look. She was kidding, right? Her?
Five-foot-nine in her stockinged feet and boyishly slim to boot. Intimidate the guys? Not likely. It was more believable that they'd be embarrassed to be seen with her.
"Shh. Look who's coming."
Tessa twisted around.
"Don't look!" Catherine's horror had Tessa turning back again without catching a glimpse of who was approaching.
"What? Who?" Tessa tried to look around surreptitiously. "And where?" she added after a moment.
"Behind you.Shh."
Tessa checked out the reflection in the glass display cases beside her to see who was behind her. She stiffened. Oh, no. Her stomach jumped with nerves.
"Hi, Catherine, Jill."
Tessa stared at Catherine, her eyes widening in panic. She slowly turned. "Hi, Jared."
Jared started, his shock turned to gleaming appreciation as he studied her. He was slightly taller than Tessa and his gorgeous brown curls hung down his forehead. Her heart sighed happily.
"Ohh. Wow. I didn't recognize you there for a second," he said warmly. "Wild hair."
Really?How sweet.
"Doesn't it look awesome on her?" Catherine studied Tessa's white tresses enviously. "I wish I had long hair."
"No, you don't," said Jill. "Your short curls look great." She turned to Jared. "We don't usually see you here."
"Nah. I had to pick up some school supplies. Can you believe we'll be back in classes in only a couple of weeks?"
Everyone groaned.
Jill pounced on him. "Remember that unwritten rule where you're not allowed to mention school when it's summer vacation?"
"Sorry." He grinned that lopsided grin that sent Tessa's heart racing. Damn, he was cute. "I'm going to seeNight Stalkertonight. Any of you girls want to join me? I mean us. Billy and Zack will be going, too."
The three girls exchanged quick glances. Tessa desperately wanted to say yes, but only if one of the other two would go with her. She compromised. "I might be able to go. What about you, Catherine? Jill?"
Jill smiled shyly. "I've got other plans." Right, she had a date with Kurt.
"Catherine?" Tessa sent her a hopeful glance. Maybe she'd go? Please let her say yes.
Catherine glanced at Jared. "I might. I dunno. What time?"
"It starts at 7:30. We're meeting around the corner from here just after 7:00."
Tessa glanced down at her watch. Almost four o'clock now. So in three hours. Catherine opened her mouth. Tessa held her breath. "Oh, what the heck." Catherine rolled her eyes at Tessa. "Sure, why not?"
Tessa could have kissed her. Jumping jacks bounced in her stomach before they raced up and down her nerves.
Jared's smile lit up his face. "Hey, that's great. I'll meet you both in a couple of hours. I'll go finish my shopping for you-know-what now. Talk to you later."
He gave a small wave and walked away. The three girls watched in silence until he disappeared.
"It's okay, Tessa. You can breathe now." Catherine grinned at her.
Tessa's exhale whooshed out in a noisy gust. "I was so afraid you'd say no."
"Oh, I got that message. So now on to something really important. What are we going to wear?" With Catherine's words, the girls got down to the serious business of choosing the right outfit.
***
Tessa panicked as she pawed through her closet. There was no other way to describe it. She couldn't figure out what to wear. Five outfits later, she'd texted Catherine. Catherine had chosen jeans and a T-shirt. Comfortable in her skin, Catherine wasn't even going to dress up.
"Oh, no. Now what do I do?" Tessa looked at her jeans and T-shirts. And hated everything. Okay, this wasn't exactly a date…but her nerves couldn't be convinced otherwise.
So what about herworked? Jared liked her hair. So, white hair and white jeans? Black cami shirt with a little white lace? Or would that be too much black and white?
Once dressed, she realized it was too much white. She quickly switched to a pair of black jeans and a white belt. Groaning, Tessa flopped backwards onto the bed. Using her cell phone, she took a picture and sent it to Catherine.
She'd better say this is fine, because I'm out of time.
Her phone vibrated as a text message came in.
"Perfect." Tessa read out loud. She pumped her fist in the air.
Yeah. Now shoes. It was summer and hot – so sandals? She pulled out three pairs and frowned. Damn it, why couldn't she just get dressed and be done with it? Her phone rang again. Talk about being late. She slipped her feet into the most comfortable pair, grabbed her purse and raced downstairs.
Her family had gathered in the kitchen. David was getting ready to go out and Seth looked like he was sleeping in his chair. Cody had disappeared. Good thing. He made her uncomfortable.
She grinned. She'd be ready for bed in a few hours and they were just getting revved up. She didn't follow a human schedule all the time, yet it was the best way to keep in touch with her friends.
She bent down and dropped a kiss on her mother's cheek. "Going to the movies. Yes, I'll be careful. Yes, I'll be coming straight home." She neatly cut off all the questions bubbling out of her mother's mouth. She continued on her way through the kitchen and out the door. She sped to the movie theater that was attached to the same strip mall she'd been at earlier.
Catherine waited outside with Jared, Billy and Zack.
"Hi, everyone. Sorry I'm late."
"Love your outfit." Linking arms with her, Catherine dragged her to the ticket booth. "You're just in time. We've already bought our tickets. Grab yours so we can go in."
That took only minutes and then they were inside. Tessa sighed at the cool darkness of the theater. The girls chose their seats before the guys took off to buy popcorn and soda.
Tessa sat down beside Catherine and waited nervously to see which seat Jared would take. Next to her? Next to Catherine? Or on the outside away from them both?
She released a shuddering breath and waited. And tried to ignore the smell of stale buttery popcorn that lingered in the room.
"Relax," Catherine leaned over and whispered in her ear, "he likes you. You'll see."
"I hope so," Tessa muttered into the dark room. Switching from her human to vampire vision – another one of those differences between her and her other family members – her sight sharpened to diamond clarity. The guys returned as the music started. Jared sat down next to Tessa. His arm bumped hers on the narrow armrest.
"Sorry."
She tossed him a quick smile and moved her arm slightly to give him more room.
His grin glowed in the dark.
Sighing happily, she snuggled deeper into her chair and settled down to watch the action show.
An hour later, Tessa shifted in the uncomfortable chair and wondered for the hundredth time what would happen when the movie ended.
Jared leaned toward her, a lone curl falling across one eye. "Are you okay?"
She smiled. "Yes. It's just the seat. It’s not exactly comfortable."
Happy and content in her world, Tessa thought nothing of it when something flashed across her vision. Her vampire vision.
When it happened a second time, she tuned in and straightened slowly. What was going on? Had those dark flashes been vampires? In hunting mode? She didn't know of anything else with the ability to move that fast, or move that far without touching the ground. Definitely nothing else could move that silently. Not that it was unusual to see her people in town. It was nighttime, after all. Except, in her experience, vampires did not show up in a human hangout like a movie theater.
And never in hunting mode.
Her attention focused on her inner senses. The movie didn't even register as she expanded her awareness to sort through the conflicting information overwhelming her.
Catherine nudged her shoulder. "Hey, what's up? You aren't even watching the movie."
"Sorry," she whispered back, "just distracted."
Settling back, she couldn't stop the frisson of worry that rippled down her spine. Something was stirring. Something dark, unsettling. The peace treaty between humans and vampires had been in effect for close to half a century, but she’d heard it hadn't happened easily or convinced everyone on both sides that harmony was the best way forward.
Instead, small fringe groups on both sides continued to stir up trouble. She remembered hearing her family discussing various groups' actions. Moltere's exploits were legendary. And they had happened a long time ago. Her father still hated him with a passion. It was one of the few subjects that made her dad slide into vampire mode instantly. He'd let something slip once, something about Moltere farming humans? She shuddered. Good thing he'd been caught and dealt with – whateverthatmeant. She had no idea what kind of punishment had been meted out. She didn't want to know.
Vampires weren't known for their compassion. On the other hand, banishment was a common penalty for doing anything wrong.
The lights in the theater went on, making her rear back in surprise. She’d been so lost in her own thoughts that Tessa hadn't realized the movie had ended.
"Awesome movie! Love that big bloody scene at the end. What a wild finish!" Zack's enthusiasm was contagious and all the guys erupted with comments about their favorite parts of the movie while Tessa struggled to figure out which big bloody scene they were talking about.
She shook her head and joined the line to exit the movie theater. She stumbled as she moved around the last seat in the row…and smiled as Jared reached out to steady her. Tonight would go down asthespecial event in her life.
The crowd milled around in the lobby before making their way slowly outside. Tessa joined in the raucous laughter of her group and savored the experience. The moon hid behind clouds and the sun had long gone, leaving everyone in the twilight zone of half-light.
Vampires loved it. Made for a perfect stalking time. Except they weren't allowed to hunt anymore.
The group meandered outside the theater, talking aimlessly among themselves. Tessa walked at Jared's side, close but not touching. "That was a great movie."
Jared grinned. "Oh, yeah. Great stuff." He glanced at her before adding, "Hey, do you want––?"
Screams split the air.
People scattered. Tessa was shoved to one side as panicked people overran her group.
Chaos ensued. No one knew what had happened or who was after them, so everyone scrambled for cover.
More screams split the air behind them. Streetlights sparked, then went out. Her heart pounding in her chest, Tessa huddled against a huge cement planter full of summer blooms. Jared pressed up beside her. The other three snuggled close behind them. Peering over the top of the planter, Tessa tried to see what the commotion was all about.
They were only fifteen or so feet from the front entrance of the building. The inside lights shone outward, casting an eerie glow on the sidewalk area. People continued to pour out of the movie theater to scatter throughout the several parking lots.
The darkness deepened even as she watched.
What had happened? Oh right. In her panic, she'd shifted to her human eyesight. Now she shifted back. And watched in horror as a wave of blackness raced beside them.Shit.
She ducked.
"What the hell was that?" Jared whispered against Tessa's ear.
"I'm not sure." But a horrible knowing slipped inside her heart. The silent movement, the pervasive fear, the darkness and the little bit she'd seen – it had to be- vampires. She groaned silently.
Did she know them? What and why were they doing this – besides to scare the crap out of everyone? Just for fun? Because they could? Or was their motivation something more sinister?
A penetrating scream was cut off in mid-shriek.
She closed her eyes as she finally understood.
They were hunting. For human prey.
And she was here with four human friends. Crap. "We need to get out of here."
Catherine whispered from behind her. "Do you think it's safe to move?"
"No, but we can't stay here. Everyone, follow me." Tessa took a cautious look around for the best route. Using her vampire vision, she searched for others of her kind. There, off to the left. That meant Tessa needed to go right. Holding her hand up, she counted down with her fingers.Three. Two. One.She bolted in a straight line to the corner she'd picked out. The panicked footsteps of her friends rushed behind her. They continued moving forward until they were buried in the deepening darkness. Her hand to her chest, Tessa gasped for breath until her racing heart calmed down.
The others crowded around her. She cast a quick glance over them. Everyone had made it. Their white faces glowed in the dark. Fear showed in their eyes. "Okay. Now let's head to the back and out onto Sparks Street."
She led the way. At the rear of the building sat the largest of the mall parking lots. Vehicles tore out into the darkness. The night sky was lit with headlights drilling through the dark in every direction. Drivers panicked in their efforts to escape. A slightly more controlled chaos reigned now, but not by much.
Catherine slipped her arm through Tessa's. "I want to go home." She looked around nervously. "Were those vampires?"
Zach spat on the ground, his bravado in full force now that the immediate danger had passed. "Hell, yeah. I saw one of them."
"Did you? I didn't see anything." Not quite the truth, but she hadn't seen anyone closely enough to identify. They just couldn't be anything else. "What did they look like?"
"Black shadows. That's all I could see. Big and black." Zach raised his hand over his head to demonstrate size.
Jared spoke up for the first time. "I saw one of them. I saw his face. God, he looked pretty freaky. He also looked pissed."
"How come you saw him and I didn't? We were together the whole time." Tessa couldn't help feeling disgruntled.
Jared reached out with a gentle hand to stroke her arm. "When we were running out of the theater. I caught a glimpse of his face as he passed us."
"Would you recognize him?" Tessa asked curiously. She hoped not.
"Oh yeah." Jared nodded confidently. "His face would be easy to spot. Wide and heavyset, very Neanderthal looking."
Shit. Her stomach bottomed out. If the vampire in question understood that he could be identified, then Jared wasn't safe. All vampires knew breaking the treaty was bad business. The Vampire Council wouldn't take this lightly. The Council was very aware of their responsibility to look after humans – the weaker species. Considering how much these vampires were risking, she could only imagine what they'd do to keep their identities hidden.
She and her friends had to get away from here. "Come on, let's move to a better lit spot."
Staying under the halo of light from street lamps, they passed phones around as everyone called for rides. Except Tessa. She didn't want to talk to her family.
"Tessa, do you want to use my phone?"
"Don't need to. David should be here soon anyway. I'll just wait." She smiled. "Is your mom on the way?"
"Both my parents are coming," Catherine piped up. "Mom's pretty freaked out. They want me to stay here." She spun around as if hoping they'd arrived in the fifteen seconds since she ended the call. "Tessa, are you sure you don't want a lift? My parents aren't going to be happy to leave you here."
"No. If David can't find me when he gets here, it could set off World War III. Don't worry. He's always on time." Now that the immediate panic had died down, a burning pissed-off sensation filled her. Her perfect evening had ended in a disaster.
She almost wanted the attackers to find her. Wouldn't they get a surprise? Except none of her human friends knew anything about her vampire heritage. If they had, they'd have run screaming long before now.
They waited under the bright lights as parents came to collect their kids. Each left in a flood of tears and excitement as the story was repeated over and over again. Finally, Jared and Tessa stood alone. She glanced around. "It's getting late. Are you sure your parents are coming?"
"No. They aren't," he said. "I was hoping everyone would leave so no one would have to know."
"What's up?"
"My family is a little different. And I don't have any parents. I live with my uncle. He figures if I go out alone, then I should be able to get home alone."
"Then you're walking home?" Tessa grinned. Maybe this wasn't such a bad end to her evening, after all.
"Oh, yeah."
"So am I. I lied. My brother isn't coming to get me. Everyone is out for the evening, so no big deal," she said, glancing down the street in the direction of her home. "I'm heading this way. Where are you going?"
"Down a block, then left for another block. Let's go. I'll walk you home first."
"Such a gentlemen." With the moon shining down on the deserted parking lot, the recent harrowing scene seemed like a nightmare they could now laugh about. She linked her arm through his as they walked and talked, tickled at the unexpected bonus end to her evening.
Halfway home, she heard another sound. Remembered fear slammed back into her mind. She spun around in time to see a wave of blackness cover her. A blow slammed into the side of her head, sending her tumbling to the ground. She cried out. "Jared, behind you!"
Pain exploded at the side of her head for a second time. The world disappeared briefly as blackness surrounded her. Agony clawed through her brain. Groaning, she tried to stand up, hearing the voices around her.
"What the hell! Why doesn't she stay down?"
Another blow slammed into her, this time hitting the arm she'd lifted defensively. Shards of agony reverberated from her wrist to her elbow. She screamed in a blend of pain and fury. Drawing on her primary heritage, she opened her mouth to scream again.
"Shit!"
Just like that, the attackers disappeared. She staggered to her feet, moaning at the sledgehammer pounding inside her head. She stood, closed her eyes briefly against the throbbing and waited for the world to stop spinning.
Where was Jared? She opened her eyes and searched everywhere. Jared was gone.

CHAPTER TWO
Tessa slammed the front door open, her hand to her chest, screaming, "Mom! Dad! Where are you?"
"Honey, what's the matter?" Her mother met her in the hallway, a dishtowel in her hand. A frown marred her perfect forehead.
Her father came running from the direction of the office. "What's wrong?" He took one look at Tessa and raced over, grabbing her arms. "What happened?"
Tessa gasped for air, tugging her injured arm away to hold it protectively against her chest. Her head boomed from the inside. "We were attacked," she gasped, "by vampires."
"What!" Her parents exchanged shocked glances before turning back to stare at her.
"Are you sure?" barked her father.
Tessa gave him a withering look. "Yeah. I think I know what a vampire is, Dad."
"Tessa, watch your mouth," her mom warned, then glared at her husband.
Taking a deep breath, Tessa tried to calm her frustration. What was it about parents that made them ask a million questions instead of taking action? "Sorry."
"Now tell us what happened. From the beginning," her mom said.
Words tumbled over each other as Tessa related the series of events from the time she and her friends had left the movie theater. She'd only half-finished when her brothers walked in and she had to start all over again.
"It happened just a block from here?" Her dad's frown thundered across his face. "Did they know you were a vampire?"
Thinking back, Tessa couldn't remember the details of her actions. She thought she might have bared her fangs, but her attackers might not have noticed. "Maybe." She explained what had happened at the end. Before she finished speaking, her mother had rushed over to check her head injury. She'd forgotten that she'd been hurt. Her brothers' faces darkened with fury.
"Forget about me. I'm not the problem here. They took Jared," Tessa cried out.
"Jared. Who's Jared?" Her mother fussed over Tessa's head as if she'd taken a fatal blow, which being part vampire, obviously wasn't likely. Brushing her mother's hands away, Tessa said, "He's one of the people I went to watch the movie with."
"I thought you went with Catherine?" her father questioned, confusion wrinkling his face.
Frustrated at her family's inability to stay on topic, she snapped, "I did, but Jared was there – and Billy and Zack, too."
"Okay, okay. Your father didn't mean to upset you, dear." Her mother's gentle voice barely penetrated the noise the rest of her family made as they discussed the concept of vampires attacking humans.
"Mom, I'm upset because Jared was kidnapped," she yelled into the melee, finally silencing her father and brothers. "Does no one understand me? My friend's been kidnapped."
"Seth, contact the Council. I need to meet with themnow." Her father spun around to look her in the eye. "Tell me. Did you recognize anyone?"
She shook her head vehemently. "No. It all happened so fast. Once I regained consciousness––"
"What?" he roared. "They knocked you out?" Her father's jaw squared and the look in his eyes promised retribution. Good. Her father was one of the oldest of the vampire clans. He didn't forgive or forget easily.
"Just briefly. When I came to, everyone was gone."
Seth, being the smart-aleck brother he was, asked, "Then how do you know your friend was kidnapped? Maybe he just went home."
Shaking her head, Tessa knew in her heart Jared would never do that. "I'm sure he wouldn't have left me lying on the ground alone like that. He'd have called for help at the very least."
"I'm sure he would have, honey. You've always been a good judge of character," her mother said.
"True. Except humans are afraid of us, and if your friend had never seen one of us in action before…" Seth shrugged. "Just saying."
"Don't bother saying," snapped Tessa. All of a sudden her stomach felt a little queasy. "Ooops." She raced to the bathroom, her mother following behind her. She dropped to her knees and bent her head over the toilet bowl. "I think I'm going to be sick."
And she was. Crap, what a horrible feeling, not to mention embarrassing. Was her mother digging into her hair again? She slapped her hands away. "Mom, I'm fine."
"No, you're not. Head wounds can be tricky. Nausea and throwing up are early signs of a concussion and other dire conditions." Her mother handed her a wet washcloth. "Here. Wipe your face."
Tessa sighed and did as ordered. Once a mom, always a mom. Cool water slipped over her sweaty skin and eased the tension in her taut muscles. Everything ached, and not just from the blow to her head.
"By the way, you should know by now that those head injury symptoms really don't apply to vampires," Tessa said as she grinned at her model-perfect mother. What a trial to grow up under the umbrella of a smart beautiful woman who was also stunningly graceful. "You're a great mom, you know that?"
Her mother's face split into a beautiful smile and her eyes lost their worried look, warming with love. "Thank you. You're a great daughter, too, you know?"
"Even though I'm a throwback?"
Her mother frowned. "Don't you ever say that. For all I know, you could be the wave of the future."
Tessa tossed her a disbelieving look. "Oh sure. Like I'm going to believe that. I'm defective, Mom. Let's be honest here."
Her mom's gasp filled the small room. "That's not true, Tessa." She bent and gave her a quick hug. "You're beautiful and you're unique. You are not alone in this."
"Really. I'm not the same as you, and I'm not the same as my friends. I'm stuck somewhere in the middle and don't fit in either world. Sometimes I feel so alone." Tessa thought it must have been the blows to her head that caused this maudlin fit. It so wasn't normal for her.
"Oh, honey. I had no idea you felt that way."
"How could I not? I don't even live the same part of the day as the rest of you do. David and Seth go to vampire schools at night while I'm asleep and I go to human school when you're all asleep. Mom, do you have any idea how separated I feel?"
"Oh, honey. I'm so sorry. I never knew."
Just as her mother crouched down to give Tessa a big hug, a heavy pounding sounded outside the door. Her father called out for her mother, "Rhia, come on. The Council has called an emergency meeting."
"Can I come?" Tessa hopped to her feet and raced behind her parents, who were already heading for the living room.
"No, you can't," her father yelled over his shoulder. "And you should know better than to ask."
"Serus," her mother chided. "There's no need to speak to her like that."
"She's never yet been allowed, and she certainly can't come tonight. You know as well as I do that she may never be allowed." He cringed at Tessa's shocked gasp. He didn't back down though.
"Sorry, Tessa, but that's the way it is. That's not exactly news; we've discussed this before."
"No," said Tessa, bitterness coloring her voice. "You said when I was older I'd probably be allowed. But what you really meant is when and if I matured to be more like a vampire and less like a human, then I'd be allowed. Right?"
A hunted look came over his face. "I don't make the rules. They've been in effect for hundreds of years. Of course I'd love for you to be included, but with the way things are now with the Council, well, they aren't going to change any time soon."
"So I'm not part of the vampire world at all?" Resentment sharpened her voice more than she'd expected.
Seth placed a warning hand on her shoulder. "This isn't the best time, Tessa."
"Then when is?" she cried. "It's my friend who's been taken."
"And he wouldn't have been if you were a proper vampire," snapped her father.
Dead silence filled the room.
Tessa gasped. Tears filled her eyes as a world of hurt filled her heart. She raced from the room.
Her father's groan of dismay followed her. She no longer cared what he thought. The words had been said. They could never be unsaid, and they would never be forgotten.
Jared's kidnapping was her fault.
***
An hour later, Tessa stared at the mirror, her blow dryer still in her hand. The dye job was crude but effective. Her short-lived white locks, a sign of rebellion, were gone. She couldn't afford to be recognized now. She'd left pure white locks to define her face. Dramatic? Yes. And hopefully effective. To find Jared, she would have to hunt her own kind, blend into the vampire world.
That meant she had to be a vampire – at least as much as she could. She'd accentuate her vampire traits and make herself into something she was not. Vampire females were haughty, sexy with knockout bodies and tight-fitting clothes, and witchy looks.
Her father's words had taken root at the base of her spine. Her determination to find Jared had stiffened it. She might not be the same as the rest of her family. She might never be included in their Vampire Council, but she knew right from wrong, and she knew about friends. That they were human didn't matter. They'd been there for her – even when her family hadn't.
Friends mattered to her. Human friends mattered. Jared mattered.
She wasn't going to stand by and do nothing. If she had to save him from her own people, alone, then she would. She just hadn't figured out how.
She knew where the Council meeting was being held. Hopefully her family wouldn't recognize her until she had the information she needed. She doubted she'd get a chance to speak to a Council member, but maybe she could find out what their decision was tonight and not have to wait until her father decided it was in her best interest to know.
She walked to her closet. What to wear and how to wear it to their best advantage? Vampire women were gorgeous. Tessa was not. Different? Yes. Striking? Maybe. That's what she needed to strengthen. She had skintight black leather pants. They'd been Catherine's until she gave them to Tessa last year. She hoped they still fit. Dragging them out of the back of her closet, Tessa eyed them critically. They looked small. Pulling them on, she found them surprisingly comfortable, if a bit snug. Glancing in the mirror, she let a surprised whistle slip out.
With deadly precision, the pants hugged the curves of her thighs and butt yet flattened her tummy, drawing attention to her tiny waist. She headed back to her closet.
Somewhere in there was a bustier with the laces starting from her belly button and going upward, just barely covering the swell of her breasts. She'd had the thing for years. Struggling into it was no easy feat, and doing up the laces kinda hurt. Looking down, she had to laugh. She resembled those buxom German girls slinging beer – she popped out above the top. Until now, she hadn't realized she had anything there to pop.
She walked to the back of her bedroom and studied the effect in the mirror. She didn't look like herself anymore, yet didn't quite look like someone else either. Heavy makeup might help finish the transition. She headed to her mom's makeup drawer. Tessa emphasized her vampire eyes, extending the eyeliner down and back the way her mom had shown her. But instead of black lipstick, she put on blood red. She didn't need mascara as her lashes were already thick and full. She pondered the effect, then decided it worked. She tried on a silver necklace with a blood opal that had a matching bracelet. Perfect.
Except vampires couldn't wear silver.
She wasn't a true vampire. She left it on.
"And now my boots." She tugged on her black boots with the killer heels and zipped them up her calves. She studied her reflection.I look like a dominatrix. All I need is a whip.As an afterthought, she changed her nail polish to the same blood red she'd removed earlier.
She was out for blood.
She also looked every inch a female vampire – dangerous and deadly.
Perfect.
Now to kick some vampire butt.
***
Slipping into the mansion where the Council meeting would take place was no big deal. Hundreds of people milled about in full vampire black. The odd daring female wore a contrasting color. Other than that, the room swarmed with darkness. Tessa moved through the crowd with purpose. It was the only way to avoid looking insecure – which she wasn't. She was determined. Big difference. Someone should tell that to the butterflies in her stomach!
She counted – as a person, as a vampire. She dared them to prove otherwise. Straightening her shoulders, she sauntered toward the Council room. Several members were gathered outside.
Her outfit attracted attention. Her self-confidence loved the boost. She preened a little. There was something to be said about wearing clothes to show off her figure. She sensed male assessment – and their approval.
She wanted a boyfriend, but not just anyone would do. She wanted Jared. Still, the obviously appreciative male glances were fun.
So this is what being popular and sexy felt like. Who knew? No wonder the girls angled for it. She just might try it out on her human friends after this.
"Hi there."
Tessa turned, startled when a young male grabbed her arm to stop her headlong rush toward the back of the room. She looked at his grip, raised a haughty eyebrow, and stared him down.
He flushed and stepped back, apologizing. "Sorry. Didn't mean to grab you like that. I just wanted to say 'hi' before you raced away."
"I'm looking for someone," she replied coolly. Giving him a small smile, she turned to check out what was happening. Damn. The Council members had entered the Council chambers and the heavy doors were sealed behind them. Two guards held positions on either side of the door.
Moving casually past the guards, she quickly realized the room must be soundproofed because she couldn't hear anything through the doors. Council business was serious stuff. She walked down the hallway, searching for a second door. There wasn't one.
A sense of heavy expectation hung in the air as people gossiped to fill their time until the meeting adjourned. Both her parents were on the Council while her brothers served as apprentices.
So what benefit could she get from being here? Mingling, she listened in as the conversations flowed and ebbed around her, searching for tidbits that would help her find her next direction.
"They took a human, apparently."
"Don't need another uprising like we had before."
"It's been close to fifty years since the last incident."
"Wonder who's involved. Bet it's those Trent boys. Mark my words, those two are trouble."
Trent boys?Tessa remember overhearing David gossiping about the lifestyle the two men preferred. Could they be the ones holding Jared? How could she find them? And where could they have stashed Jared without fear of being found out?
"No, it wouldn't be them. They've gotten married."
Tessa frowned. What did that mean?
"The Trent boys? Now I know you're joking."
"No, honest. They married twin sisters and have settled down. Human sisters."
Raucous laughter broke out.
Tessa winced. As humans were still regarded as only one step above cattle by many of the vampire nation, relationships between the two were often crudely joked about. She could just imagine what both species would say about her and Jared if they knew.
Her parents were more accepting. Sian and Taz were family friends, with Sian being a vampire while Taz was a human doctor. Tessa had gone to him a couple of times, just because he knew her unique physiology. His genetic makeup had to be different too, as he aged more slowly than most humans. Of course he was a teenage girl's dream man. And Sian was his perfect match. They'd been together for decades and had taken a lot of shit from both sides. Their love had survived.
It gave Tessa hope.
A door slammed behind her, followed by raised voices. Two of the Council members exited the bathroom and headed back inside the chambers. She barely heard snippets of the conversation between them.
"We can't just go charging off to save this human. We'd be setting the scene for an even bigger riot. This requires a diplomatic approach."
"It does not. The time for diplomacy has passed. Someone is mocking our authority and our treaty. We can't have that."
Great. That meant the Council members likely couldn't agree on what to do, either. As she sat there mulling over the problem, a shadow crossed the window beside her. Hundreds of vampires milled outside. No big deal. Except…something didn't feel right. She pondered what was bugging her.
She stiffened. That shadow felt familiar.
Her eyes opened wide. That was it. One of the vampires who'd attacked her earlier tonight was outside the house right now. Not giving herself a chance to question her actions, she hurried to the closest exit, ignoring the looks she received from everyone as she bolted through the crowd.
Once outside, she stopped to survey the area. How could she find her attacker in this crowd? She closed her eyes, seeking the same sense of familiarity.There.She tracked it to the back of the house. The area was deserted. What did she expect? They were vampires. They didn't just sit around and wait to be caught. Especially those who'd broken an honored treaty. They'd probably shown up here to see how much the Council knew and where it had gotten its information.
A brush of cloth startled her. She spun around. Cody stood beside her, a questioning smile on his face. Of course he would show up now.
Shit.
"Tessa?" he whispered.
"Sorry, who?" she replied in a haughty, confident manner. Inside her nerves were screaming. She might not be a real vampire, but she'd certainly met many and the women were always something else. So confidant, so beautiful and often so cold. She could emulate the best of them. She raised a snooty eyebrow at him in the eerie darkness.
Confusion settled onto his face and he backed up a step. "Sorry. I mistook you for someone else." He turned to walk away but glanced back once. She saw the frown creasing his forehead.
Her initial elation subsided quickly. He wouldn't be fooled for long, and if he mentioned her to Mom or Dad…or they saw her…they'd recognize her. The darkness was their world. They reveled in it. It was their playground.
She needed to move before Cody returned. And he would – she had no doubt about that.
Circling the large mansion, she searched for the same sensation she'd recognized earlier. Approaching the parking lot, she caught it again. She paused and actually sniffed the air. How very vampire-ish of her. She laughed inwardly. This whole mess would be a great joke – if there were anything to laugh about.
Poor Jared. How was he faring?
***
The drums beat a heavy rhythm inside his skull, reminding Jared he was alive. He didn't remember much of what happened. His attackers had snatched him up then everything had gone black. He'd awakened here. And wished he hadn't. The one image that had burned into his mind was of Tessa, before his capture, crumpled on the ground.
She didn't appear to be here with him. Hopefully, these assholes had left her behind and weren't holding her captive in a different area. He wished he knew for sure.
Jared studied the chains on his ankles, heavy rusted iron that he had no hopes of breaking and an old padlock he swore was created at least a few decades ago. He assumed his captors were vampires. He didn't know for sure since he hadn't seen them – he hadn't been bitten, or seen them feed.
He also wasn't alone. Two other people were stretched out next to him, sporting matching chains. One of them didn't look so good. An older man whose face had bleached of all color struggled to breathe. Sweat poured off his face. He looked bad, like he might be having a heart attack or something. The other guy's chest rose and fell in a steady motion. Thankfully.
Glancing around, he shivered at the old stone-walled cell. He had no idea where he was. This place looked deserted and unloved.
He whispered to the older man. "Hey, are you all right?"
The man shuddered, blinking his eyes several times. His words were slurred when he answered. "Don't feel so good. Need a doctor."
Alarmed, Jared searched the large empty room, hoping for a way out. "You have to stay strong. Someone is going to be looking for us."
"Too late." The man coughed several times, then his head rolled to one side and he went still. A gust of air, like a balloon with a hole, escaped. The man went silent.
Jared strained to hear the man's breathing as he watched in vain for his chest to rise and fall. Nothing. The man was dead.
He shuddered and closed his eyes. His life had gone from bad to seriously freaky. How long had that poor guy been here? Just tonight, or weeks – maybe months?
Fear slithered through Jared. He didn't want to die here. He was young, with his whole lifetime ahead of him. Shifting on the cold stone floor, he inched as far away from the dead man as he could.
Thank God Tessa wasn't lying on the cold stone floor beside him. It burned him that she'd been hurt while she was with him. He'd done a piss poor job of protecting her. Not exactly the manly image he had wanted to project.
He couldn't help worrying that she'd been hurt badly. Head wounds were tricky. That she wasn't beside him could mean several things. He'd stay positive and try to believe these assholes had left her behind.
She had family. She'd said something about a brother before. At least there was someone to keep her safe. Someone who'd grieve if she'd died.
Unlike him. No one would give a damn if he stayed missing. He'd been living with his uncle for as long as he could remember, and he couldn't wait for the day he could leave. Finishing school came first though.
Such was his life.
Even that kind of life was better than dying like this poor guy beside him. He glanced over at the third man who appeared to be out cold or drugged. He was considerably younger than the dead guy. Mid-thirties maybe? And in good shape. Not fat with a beer gut like Jared's uncle. Good thing. When he woke up, this guy could help him get out of here. Although, if their captors were vampires he knew there'd be no fight. They were stronger and meaner…with inherent skills and a strength that humans lacked.
According to what he knew, vampires and humans had co-existed for a long time. That's what he'd been taught in school. Apparently not everyone had been doing that so peacefully.
He'd heard about the rumors, same as everyone. The stories were the stuff of legends. Ancient legends. Some of those older vampires had been set to wipe out humans…or keep them as cattle. He vaguely remembered the name Moltere. He was the badass behind that mess, according to his history teacher.
Vampires didn't age like humans and centuries-old tales were the norm for such long-lived creatures. Animals. That's what they were. This just proved it.
As the night cooled, Jared fell into an uneasy sleep, caught between a captive and a corpse.

CHAPTER THREE
Tessa stepped into the parking lot. Instinct led her between a large black SUV and a fancier white version – an Escalade.
Recognition slammed into her as she studied the two vehicles. That same familiar feeling surrounded one car for sure. The black vehicle – a Nitro, according to the name on the side – had been driven by one of the two men who'd attacked her. She strode to the back of it and committed the license plate to memory. She didn't know what could be done with the information, if anything, but had heard from her friends about running plates and such.
Studying the area around her, she saw small groups of people hashing over the same gossip. Nothing had changed. She tried to peer inside the vehicle on the off chance that Jared might be inside. The heavily tinted windows hid everything. Even her vampire vision only showed the shadowy seats but not the spaces between them. Frustrated, she didn't know what to do.
Surely someone would come back for the vehicles tonight? Then she could follow them home. Jared had to be stashed close by.
Groaning, she sat on a cement block in front of the Nitro and buried her head in her arms. Approaching footsteps had her hunkering lower down.
"Come on. Time to leave." The first voice cut through the night air cleanly.
"I'm ready. Where to first?" The second guttural voice hung heavy and thick around her.
"Check on our guests then off to hunt." The first man's voice made Tessa's skin crawl.
The two men laughed and Tessa knew she'd never forget their voices – ever. She slid lower behind the block, willing herself invisible.
"What about the female? Do you think we should track her down? Take care of her, too?"
"Nah. Chances are good she was too injured to be of any value. Besides, there was something weird about her. Something off. And being female, she's probably ready for Bedlam by now." He laughed. "Even if she did see something, who's going to believe her? Vampire uprising? Really?"
Tessa shuffled further out of sight. Confronting these two bad-asses wasn't part of her plan. Too bad she didn't have someone to go with her when she tracked them. But her friends were limited to a few humans – sonotwhat she needed right now. She had to follow these assholes alone.
The white Escalade fired up, followed by the Nitro. Good to know the men were driving both vehicles. Tessa stayed huddled in a ball below the glare of headlights as first one, then the other reversed and headed out of the lot. She stood up and watched the direction they drove. Left. Away from town.
Shit.
Why hadn't she learned to glide? Oh right, because everyone had laughed at her so hard, she'd sworn never to try again. Damn it. She really wished she'd tried harder. That skill would have come in handy right about now.
Her dad was a master glider. He moved so smoothly he floated through the sky. Cody and his father were fliers. Tessa could only manage a weird half-crab, half-jumping movement. She was gawky, looking like she was all limbs with no coordination. Sometimes she could hardly get off the ground. Still, for all her awkward style, she actually ate up a lot of mileage doing it her way.
Taking a running start, she jumped and landed on a fence pole. Not very high, but she hadn't wiped out or impaled herself on the barbed wire. She made it to the top of a garage next, landing on all fours, as was her habit. She headed down the street behind the cars. The first vehicle turned left.
Keeping it in sight by following the dust cloud behind it, she cut across a field, going from fence pole to telephone pole and the odd rooftop again to gain enough height for viewing vantage. Her knees slammed hard on the next rooftop and she damn near banged her chin on the roof tiles as she fell forward. She'd end up covered in bruises if she didn't get the hang of this quickly.
Taking a breather, she studied the area where the vehicles drove past. It wasn't exactly the ritzy part of town. More like a middle class area. Mostly human residences, not vampire accommodation. Except for one. At the far end.
Frowning, she watched as they drove into the large estate with an oversized mansion surrounded by trees and a black iron fence. The gated entrance closed and locked behind them. The mansion was barely distinguishable among the trees.
With effort, Tessa made it to the top of the neighboring house, groaning at yet another awkward landing. Why had she worn boots with heels? And why the hell hadn't she driven? Oh wait…she didn't have a license yet – that's why.
She studied the layout in front of her. With such a large acreage, she couldn't get close enough to see in without actually going right up to the house. She also wouldn't be able to jump. The distance was too far.
Now what? Switching to her vampire vision, she watched as the men exited their vehicles and headed inside. At the back of the main house were several attached outbuildings and sheds. Jared could be in any one of them. And if he was, how would she get him out? This wasn't a one-person job.
She couldn't fly him out. And what if he was injured? Now she was back to the part where she could use a partner in this venture.
A heavy rustling sound filled the air.
Oh, shit. Tessa cringed, waiting for her father's icy words to ground her for eternity.
"So, itwasyou."
Cody. She turned and glared at him, but his grin melted her anger. "Were you following me?"
"Of course. You fooled me once. Only I couldn't leave it alone. When I came back, you were skulking around the parking lot." His grin disappeared. "What are you playing at, Tessa? You know what your father and your brothers are going to do to you when they find out, don't you?"
She tilted her chin defiantly. "Yes. My father made it clear what he thinks of me, so I'm not going to worry about his opinion now."
"He didn't mean it, Tessa. Your father takes his responsibilities very seriously."
She gasped. "So youwerein the kitchen? I wondered. Not that it matters. He did mean it – and more. He's just kept it hidden all these years. Now, he doesn't have to. There's nothing like having the truth out in the open." For all her bravado, she couldn't quite keep the hurt and bitterness out of her voice.
At his concerned look, she raised her chin. She meant it. "Besides, I'm not doing anything wrong," she said defiantly.
He glanced around. "Whatareyou doing?"
"They drove in there." She motioned toward the mansion with her arm. "Both of the vampires that attacked me went into that house."
Stunned, he could only look from the mansion, to her, and back again. "You found them? And tracked them here? Wait, I thought you didn't recognize them?"
"I didn't think I could, but I 'smelled' them or something. I don't know what it was, but they were familiar. I searched the parking lot and felt that same thing, so I sat down and waited until someone arrived."
"Jesus, Tessa. Alone? Do you have any idea how dangerous this is?"
"Of course I do. I might be different, but I'm not stupid, Cody. They kidnapped my friend. Was I just supposed to sit by while everyone else makes a decision about his fate? And most likely end up withnodecision at all? Like hell."
"Don't let your mom catch you saying that word," he warned jokingly.
His attempt to lighten the mood didn't work. She shot him a withering look.
"After tonight, do you really think swearing is something I need to be worried about?" She couldn't hold back a bitter laugh. "I've broken so many rules, one more won't make a difference."
She felt more than saw the waves of concern flowing off her brother's best friend. That was nice for a change, but it wouldn't help Jared.
"Look. You need to go home. Or something." She waved him off. "I don't know. Go do whatever vampires do at night."
At his incredulous look, she frowned. "What?"
"You can't just send me packing. I'm not going anywhere." His wings were tucked behind his back, falling into place so smoothly they hardly showed. She'd always wanted wings. They either showed up at puberty or they didn't. In her case, they didn't. Her mother didn't have them either, but her grandfather did. Such were the genetics of a vampire – at least vampires as they were today. Only a few carried the pure genes like Cody's family. Everyone else was a blend of dominant vampire strains. Then there was Tessa, the oddity.
"You need to go back, Tessa."
"Too bad. I'm not leaving until I know if Jared is here."
He waved his arm in the direction of the house. "What? Do you think you can just waltz through the place and call out his name? If thesearevampires, they've risked a lot to take your friend. They aren't going to care about a stupid girl who gets in their way." He ran his fingers through his tight jet-black curls. "Look, I know you want to find him. Let's go tell your dad. He'll know what to do."
"No. He won't, because he won't believe me." She held out her hands. "I smelled them…or something. I don't quite understand that myself, but I did it. My father's not going to understand that I know what I'm talking about. Now if it had been you, then he'd marshal an army to support your cause. Not me. Not the damaged one." She smiled, bitterly. "He's more liable to pat me on my head and tell Mom to give me something so I sleep well tonight."
"Which doesn't change the fact that you can't walk into this scenario alone. That's nuts." He fisted his hands on his hips and glared at her.
She gave him a fat smile. "Except…I'm no longer alone."
The alarmed look he gave her made her chuckle. "What's the matter, Cody? Not ready to test your mettle against a full-on adult vampire yet?"
"Oh no you don't. I'm not falling for that ego trick. I don't know who you think you've tracked down in this house, butifthis is an old vampire holding, then chances are you're looking at the home of one of the Council families, and that's suicidal."
She pursed her lips. That would make sense. It also helped explain their brazen behavior. They didn't think they'd be caught, and if they were, they weren't afraid of the consequences. Figures.
And just like that, she'd had enough. "Look. You have a great future ahead of you. Don't mess it up. Go home. Forget you saw me. You won't get into trouble if you don't know anything." She surveyed the yard in front of her. "Me? Well, we know how little my future is going to matter to anyone. Jared, however, he deserves a future. And not as a vampire's pet," she finished bitterly. With that, she jumped.
"Tessa," Cody hissed into the darkness.
Tessa ignored him. She had other things to worry about. Two other things. Both black and male and mean, standing guard and now growling at her.
Shit.
Dogs.
She jumped again and landed on one of the sheds. Out of biting range. The dogs barked and howled. If they brought someone out to check on the noise and found her…well, suffice it to say that wouldn't be pretty. Flexing her nails, she grinned in satisfaction as they grew several inches longer. Gazing at them critically, she realized the red color did look like blood. Good, because right about now she was looking to shed some.
Wings blocked the moon as Cody swooped down to the dogs' level. Within seconds, the dogs lay on the ground. Shit. "What did you do to them?" She jumped down beside him and stared down at the poor things in horror. "Did you kill them?"
"They're just sleeping." He glanced over at the dark house. "I couldn't take the chance they'd alert anyone."
Cody and Tessa waited to see if any lights came on. The place remained in darkness. The assholes had probably gone to feed – hopefully not on Jared. She shivered.
***
Jared jolted awake at the sound of heavy footsteps upstairs. They were back. Expecting to hear their boots on the stairs, he shrank lower against the wall. Cold settled deep in his bones. He'd never felt anything like this. He waited, his empty stomach all but cramping in fear. No one came. He badly needed a drink and to take a leak. The other man slept on. Jared found himself wishing they'd drugged him, too. He didn't want to remember this ordeal.
Another weird sound. Dogs. Great. Even if he could escape his chains, he'd have to deal with the guard dogs. As he leaned his head back against the stone wall, hopelessness washed over him.
Another commotion sounded outside. He sat upright. Was that a voice? It almost sounded like Tessa. Impossible. His hearing was playing tricks on him.
Exhaustion sat at the edge of his mind. He wanted to sleep, to get away from this reality. Only he didn't dare. He might never wake up.
Most of his body had gone numb from sitting on the hard surface, and the rest of him ached. His jeans and T-shirt offered little protection against the cold night air. He glanced at the corpse chained to his other side and shuddered. If he lived through this, he'd have a hell of tale to tell his kids. He thought about that for a moment, then realized that if he lived through this, there was no way he'd ever tell his kids.
They'd never sleep again.

CHAPTER FOUR
Tessa hunkered down on the ground, hidden behind the long line of poplars edging the property as Cody went in for a closer look. She'd protested being left behind until Cody pulled the Mom card on her – that he'd never be able to explain to her mom why he'd let her accompany him. She couldn't argue with that.
The longer she'd studied the house, the stronger her sense of knowing grew. Jared was somewhere on the property. She looked around and decided to check out the sheds and outbuilding while she waited for Cody to return.
She slipped inside the first outbuilding. Empty. She circled it anyway and looked for stairs, hidden doors or rooms. Then she moved on to the next building. This one appeared to be a storage unit. Boxes and containers filled every square inch, or so it appeared. She studied the level of dust and the jammed boxes. Everything appeared deserted. Forgotten. She couldn't sense anything bigger than a mouse.
Back out in the night, the dogs slept on and Cody had yet to return. What if he couldn't?
No, Cody had some serious skills – at least according to David. It would take a lot for someone to get the drop on him.
"Psst."
He just didn't have much class. Sighing humorously, Tessa watched Cody land in front of her. His gracefully controlled landing made her instantly jealous.
"There's no sign of anything unusual going on."
"No, of course not. Why would there be? It's not like they're going to advertise that they've kidnapped humans." She studied the huge stone mansion. "The captives are most likely downstairs," she said slowly, eyeing the foundation, the lowest level.
"Whoa. You're not going into the house. If you're determined to take this further, we go back to our parents and let them go to the Council. The elders will determine the best course of action."
Tessa stared at him in disbelief. Everything about the night had taken on a surreal appearance. She was at the right location where Jared was being held, with someone who could actually help her and he wanted to call their parents? No knight riding to the rescue here.
Then again, he'd been raised on the old belief that vampires don't go against vampires – without just cause. She didn't think she could come up with enough evidence to prove her case.
She snagged his arm, willing him to listen. "At the very least, we have to find out if Jared is here."
"No. No way." He pulled away and turned, prepared to leave.
"Please."
"No, Tessa." He shook his head, his vampire eyes glowing with terrible heat. "That's enough. This isn't a kid's game. This is vampire business."
"And who's going to believe me? No one. I'm not like you. My word doesn't mean anything to the others. If you don't see that Jared's been taken and kept as a captive, you won't be able to convince them either."
He shook his head.
Fine. She'd go in alone. Turning away, she headed to the back of the house. "Go home then. I don't need you."
"What the…?" He raced behind her. "Tessa, stop. You can't go inside. You're not allowed."
"And they're allowed to take humans?" She snorted. "I don't think so." The moon slid out from behind the clouds, highlighting the lower level of the house. Off to the left, a set of stairs cut down below ground level to a narrow wooden door. Probably the cellar entrance. Perfect. She picked up her pace, reaching for the knob within seconds. She bolted though the unlocked door before Cody could drag her back out. Down a narrow hallway, she fled through another door that led to a wide-open space. Empty space. Damn it. Could the prisoners have been moved already?
How? There hadn't been enough time for that.
"There, are you satisfied now?"
She spun around at the sound of Cody's voice. She loved that he hadn't left her alone. "No." She walked the perimeter of the room. This place was huge. At the far end, the room curved down and around. Her nostrils flared. Her weird knowing sense kicked in. Animal. Death. Fear. Pain.
This area had been used as housing for animals during the cold winter months. Horses, most likely. Ancient farm smells permeated the air. Hay. Manure. Blood.
"What's the matter?" Cody whispered.
She looked at him. "Can't you smell it?"
"Smell what?"
"Death. Pain. And overwhelming fear."
"I can't sense any of that. What are you talking about?"
Tessa looked at him strangely. "Not even with your vampire senses?"
He turned and lifted his nose and smelled the air. After a moment, he shook his head and laughed. "You don't have a clue, do you? There's nothing here." He dropped the smile. "The fun's over. Let's go home."
Tessa turned her back on him. Moving closer to one side, Tessa concentrated harder, not really knowing what she was doing, but knowing something was working. There. Jared. Relief washed over her. He was alive. "Jared's in there."
"What?"
But Cody was talking to empty space.
***
Tessa darted ahead of him.
He shook his head.What happened to David's kid sister?David had always been protective of her, and Cody had naturally picked that up. She was different from the rest of them. The oldest brother, Seth, didn't treat her with the same patience. And her dad, well, he didn't know what patience was. If it weren't for her mom, Tessa's life would have been much different – and not in a good way.
On the outside, she looked vampire. Hell, she looked hot. He hadn't believed his eyes when he'd seen her tonight. He knew most of the gorgeous females in their area and he'd never thought of her as one of them. He'd followed her to check her out, initially.
Then he'd caught her scent. A familiar scent. When she'd turned, he'd caught a glimpse of Tessa in that wicked outfit. But she had rebuffed him. Confused, he'd withdrawn but still kept a close watch. When she'd disappeared out back, he followed her. He hadn't believed his eyes when he'd seen her in the moonlight. He still hadn't been sure it was her until she'd jumped.
Jumped.
Vampires did a lot of things, like flying, floating, and even racing, but everything they did, they did with grace.
Not her. Her jumps were awkward, disjointed movements. It was all hard landings and gawky take-offs. Little Tessa had somehow morphed into Hot Tessa – until she traveled.
His curiosity and doubt turned to horror as another realization hit. She'd led a restricted life. She'd only been allowed at vampire meetings with a chaperone, and she sure as hell hadn't ever been out in a come-hither-and-get-laid outfit.
Christ, she'd looked good. And vampire-ish. Good enough to fool everyone there. But if her family found out, that would be the end of life as she knew it. They'd never let her take a step out of the house unchaperoned again.
***
Tessa followed her instincts to the blank wall at the deepest, mustiest section of the cellar. She'd recognized the presence of a human further ahead in front of her. Why couldn't Cody? Frowning, she turned her attention to a more immediate problem.
There was no door.
She ran her hands over the stone wall and couldn't find a crack, a break, or any type of lever or door handle. Jared was behind this wall. And she knew this as clearly as if she could see him in front of her. Somehow, when she'd needed them, her senses had intensified, sharpened. Clarified. Now if only they'd show her a way to bypass this door.
"Tessa?"
"They're on the other side of this wall." She continued to run her hands over the wall.
"Are you sure?"
She shot him a withering look. "Yes, I'm sure."
"Take it easy; I'm just asking."
Tessa backed up slightly. An old door sat off to the left, hidden slightly by a corner. "Here. Give me a hand."
Cody walked over and put his shoulder to the stiff, rusty door. "No one went in this way. This entrance hasn't been used in centuries." Panting, Cody stopped when the door shifted, now open slightly wider than required. "There." He stepped back and stared into the murky depths. Musty air wafted toward them. "That doesn't smell very fresh either."
"I know. Let's go."
He shook his head, refusing to let her pass. "No." He stepped forward instead and led the way.
Choking on the nasty air, Tessa followed silently. Cold brick or stone lined both sides. The passage was long and narrow. It seemed to follow the same curve they'd taken to the wall. It also appeared endless.
Following blindly, she smashed into Cody when he stopped unexpectedly.
"What the––?"
"Shhhh."
"What's the matter?" she hissed. He took up the entire space in front of her. She couldn't see over or around him.
"I hear something up ahead."
"Good. It'll be them. Let's hurry."
"It's a vampire."
Tessa strained her ears, unsure of just what the strange sounds meant. "Can you move closer?"
"No. There's a door. I don't want to alert them to our presence."
"Right. But neither do I want them to kill Jared because we're too late."
"No one takes humans anymore. Stop over-dramatizing."
"Over-dramatizing?" She felt like hitting him. Who was he kidding? Jared had alreadybeentaken. Put rogue vampires and captive humans together and her first instinctive thought was a blood fest. Why couldn't Cody see the danger here?
Through the thick plank door, voices drifted their way.
"Hey, this one's dead."
Tessa gasped. Cody grabbed her, slapped a hand over her mouth and murmured against her ear, "Shhh." The two stood locked together, frozen, as they listened.
"Again? What the shit?"
"Did you hit him?"
"Hell no. And neither did I bite him. I like young blood; you know that. This guy is definitely mature meat. Not my style at all."
Tessa bowed her head against Cody's chest, her shoulders slumping in relief. Mature meat – so not Jared. Cody squeezed her lightly.
"We gotta take him out and dump him. Before he starts to smell."
"Why'd he die, though? Christ, humans are so damn delicate. The potential losses are huge."
"Human blood beats that synthetic crap all to hell though."
"That's why the new method. As long as all those do-gooders don't know about it. If they find out, they'll holler about it being inhumane, a form of cruelty to animals or some such nonsense. Vampires are supposed to rule this species, not 'get along' with them."
"Right. So where do we dump him?"
"Out with the others."
Cody stiffened in front of her. And finally, Tessa felt some kind of reaction from him. There, let him stew on that bit of information. Make fun of her, would he? Not believe her, huh? Now, who wouldn't believe whom? She jabbed him lightly in the stomach to make her point. Cody grabbed her hand and glared narrow-eyed at her.
The voices continued. "What about these two?"
"I think they're fine. We're going to need to feed and water them though."
"Right. The young man looks a little screwy though. Do you think he's okay?"
"He's fine. Just asleep."
"They're so stupid, aren't they? To them we're some kind of predator, yet here he is, throat lying exposed like that. Do they all just lie down and wait to die? No wonder they multiply like animals and go about their days blindly. Fucking beef is all they are."
"Like I said. Time's wasting. Let's get them out of here. You take the older one." A heavy grunting sound could be heard. Tessa strained her ears to hear what was going to happen next. "We'll come back for the dead one later. He won't start smelling too bad at least for an hour or two. Let's go."
Silence.
Tessa sucked in her breath. She nudged Cody. "We have to stop them. We won't know where they’ll take Jared if they leave now."
He reached around and pinched her to shut up.
"What was that?"
Shit.She'd forgotten to keep her voice down. She stared horrified into Cody's grim gaze.
"I didn't hear anything."
"Really? Thought I heard voices."
"In this mausoleum? Don't think so. There's only us here. And the dead guy. Maybe his ghost is talking to you."
"Hey, that's not funny."
But apparently it was, as Tessa and Cody were treated to the sounds of raucous laughter that faded as the men walked away. They both relaxed slightly as they waited to hear if the men would return.
Tessa knew better than to push Cody, but waiting for him to give the all clear had her pressing her nails into her palms as she fisted her hands together.
"Now, quietly." Cody pushed open the door and stepped into the fetid-smelling room.
"Oh, that's gross," she hissed, following him out. She'd thought the air in the tunnel had been bad – this was ten times worse.
"Look." Cody pointed at the floor where a grey-haired male lay crumpled and still.
"Do you recognize him?" she asked, walking closer to the body. She'd never seen a dead person before. She didn't think she'd ever want to see one again, either.
"No."
Gritting her teeth, Tessa bent down over the dead man to look for identification. He had a wallet in his back pocket. Gross. But necessary.
"What are you doing?" Cody hissed.
"Finding out who he is. Remember, humans carry identification with them all the time."
"Yeah, I'’ve heard about that." He shook his head. "I just don't understand why."
"They have to have it for their monetary and legal system. That's part of their system we haven't taken over – unlike their credit cards that we probably couldn't live without."
The wallet was thick and the pocket narrow. She struggled to pull it out without touching the body. With a final tug, it yanked free. Standing up, she walked toward Cody, flicking through it. "His name is Carstairs Wallace."
"Now that you know, what difference does it make?"
"I can let the police know he's dead."
Cody shook his head. "Don't be naive. You can't go to the police. They're going to think you killed him."
True. She glanced down at the dead man. "Maybe, but we have to do something for him."
"It's too late for that."
Cody suddenly shushed her, his head cocked toward the exit.
"Let's go. I hear vehicles."
"Shit." Tessa raced out the same doorway that the men had disappeared through. Cody flew ahead of her, disappearing into an exterior doorway. Tessa burst out in the moonless night seconds later.
The front yard was empty.
The Escalade and the Nitro were gone.
So was Cody. She heard the distant beat of wings as Cody gave chase. She studied the night sky, watching as he swooped overhead, intent on the hunt.
Could she catch up?
She wouldn't know unless she tried. And she hated being left behind. Tucking Carstairs's wallet into her back pocket, she pulled as much energy from her vampire genetics as she could and took off.
Her loping gait and crab jump smoothed out slightly as she slipped back into the movement.
She wished she'd learned how this skill worked a long time ago. Like a lot of things in her vampire life. She took another jump and winced at her heavy landing. If anyone were awake under these rooftops, they were going to wonder what was going on.
She took off again, then again. It did get easier. Flying would be even easier.
Not to mention faster.
Already Cody had vanished from sight. She raced from rooftop to rooftop then hopped to the ground and cut across the back field. She'd seen the vehicle turn off up here. Speeding along on the ground was like running through molasses compared to her weird jumping strategy.
She glanced around. There wasn't much to jump up to or off from here. She ran and took a ballet leap and found that she could easily cover twenty feet. She did it again. Weird.
Maybe there was something out there for her after all. She'd always felt like the defective ugly duckling of the family, so it had never occurred to her that she could be a hybrid with two sets of skills, human and vampire.
She raced forward, more confident in her leaps and she came down more securely during her landings. This was actually cool. If only she could do this with a touch of class.
She took another leap and then another. Before long, she'd reached the point where the vehicle had turned. Staring up in the sky, she searched for Cody. There was no sign of him. He should have gotten to his destination within minutes. She needed to get higher so she could see where to go next. There was only one tree. She winced at the poor landing spot. Taking a deep breath, she jumped.
And hit Cody broadside.
He nearly fell and scrambled to grab onto the trunk to regain his balance. His wings automatically opened and got caught in the branches. Luckily he caught hold and stabilized himself.
"Jesus, watch what you're doing, Tessa."
Tessa was too worried about finding a firm hold on the tree branches to worry about him. Once she caught her balance and her breath, she gasped, "Sorry. Didn't mean to hit you."
"If you'd opened your damn eyes, you'd have seen me."
Thank goodness for the dark of night that hid the heat washing over her face. Tessa groaned silently because of course, he was right. For some reason, she'd switched back to her human vision, which explained why she hadn't seen him in the sky. She was an idiot. Still, she'd found him and she'd made it to the right spot – accidentally or not.
"What did you find out?"
"That you're not a little kid anymore. You pack a hell of a punch and almost knocked me out of the tree."
Exasperated, she scolded him. "Quit your whining. Geez, you're acting like a big baby."
He snorted and hunkered back down on his heels. She envied his natural grace. His sense of humor was pretty good too. Not to mention he was in really good shape. She was still huffing, and damn if she didn't have a stitch in her side.
"They drove into that yard."
"Did they move the humans inside?" She felt his sideways look and sighed. "Humans. That's the correct term. Just because I count several of them as friends doesn't mean I don't understand the problem between the races."
"Oh. I figured you just didn't like vampires."
"Iama vampire, remember?"
"How could I forget, especially with you in that outfit? Even if these last couple of years it seemed like you'd turned your back on us."
Horrified, she could only stare at him in shock. "I have not."
"You have, you know. Everything you did was with humans. Your vampire friends were shoved off to the side."
"No, they weren't," she answered quietly. "They shovedmeoff to the side – because I'm not likethem. That's when I cultivated human friends. Figured if I couldn't get along with one species, maybe I could fit in with the other."
Silence drifted through the night air, broken only by the occasional whisper of tree branches bending in the wind. His heavy sigh hung between them for a moment. "I'm sorry. I didn't know. Did you explain that to your parents?"
She raised one eyebrow. "No. Why would I? They couldn't do anything about it, and besides, I figured it was common knowledge."
"Your family cares about you, Tessa."
"I know." A comfortable silence narrowed the gap between them. "Thanks for that."
"Anytime."
Tessa studied the building. "We have to get in there. If they move Jared again, we may never find him."
Cody considered her words for a moment. "Just the two of us? That is a seriously bad idea."
"I know." Tessa pondered their next move. "Thanks for sticking around to help me."
"I'm sorry I didn't believe you before," he admitted slowly. The energy around them shifted, warmed with his quick grin. "So are you going to sit up here and wait, or are you coming with me?"
Tessa snorted and jumped, only to find Cody already at ground level. "I hate that you can do that."
"What, fly?"
"No, make me look like an idiot."
He laughed. "Let's go."
They raced around to the back of the house and stopped outside the circle of bright lights.
"What's wrong with this picture?" Tessa stood with her hands on her hips, studying the area.
"It looks like they're expecting company."
"That's not good. Anyone connected to this kidnapping is bad news."
Cody's face thinned with distaste. "True. Let's go. As much as it would help to know who's coming, I don't think it's safe to stick around."
A growl erupted behind them. "Too bad, as you're both going to be our guests for a while."
Tessa spun around, ready to bolt.
Pain exploded on the back of her head, and for the second time that night she collapsed on the cold ground, unconscious. The last sound she heard was the beating of heavy wings.

CHAPTER FIVE
Cody knew the power of his wings, even if he had yet to test them in battle. And that was a little hard to do since there hadn't been a battle during his lifetime. Energy rushed through him.
From the corner of his eye he could see Tessa crumpled on the floor, blood seeping from her temple. Anger slammed into him.
Rage drove him forward in a mad rush. Both vampires fought back. Suddenly Cody found himself fighting for his life – and Tessa's. Rearing back to recoup, he rushed them again, raining blows on the two men from above, trying to chase them from Tessa. Teeth bared as long claws slashed. He fought with brutal precision, knowing that to lose was to lose Tessa. He could not lose Tessa.
"Hell. What is he?"
"He's a fucking vampire, you idiot." The older of the two rushed towards him, slashing Cody deeply across the chest.
"So what? I am, too, but I don't fucking fly. Why can he?" The two men circled Cody, trying to stay out of reach of his wings and claws. "What the hell do we do with him?"
"We take him down."
The younger vampire gazed at Cody in astonishment. "And how do you expect to do that? He's like us. Killing him isn't going to be easy until there's sunlight. He's not likely to run away and hide."
Cody grinned. A deep fanged smirk that made the other men back up. "Even then, I won't be going and hiding anywhere." He swooped down and caught the younger one up in a chokehold. "I'm not like you. I'm better." Squeezing tightly, he backed up, struggling with the man's weight. What the hell had this one been eating? Vampires were rarely fat; they couldn't consume enough blood to get that way. This one, though, had some serious poundage on him already. Cody tucked that tidbit away in the back of his mind as he squeezed tighter and moved back another couple steps.
And stumbled on uneven ground.
Cody's arm lock barely loosened, yet it was enough that the vampire broke free and bent forward, gasping for air. "Shit! Get him, Benj."
"Shut up, you fool."
The young pudgy vampire coughed a couple of times before turning back to face Cody. "He's just a fucking kid. We can take him."
"Like you just did?"
Cody came to a graceful landing, one foot on either side of Tessa. "This isn't a game. You attacked this girl."
"Huh. This is my house, and you are trespassing." The older vampire grinned maliciously. "Go ahead and try to explain that one."
Cody tucked back one wing and knelt slowly, one eye on the men. He checked Tessa's pulse. "I won't have to. Did you really think no one saw you snatch the humans?"
Relief poured through him at Tessa’s strong, steady pulse. Though she was a genetic anomaly, nobody wanted to test the theory that she'd live forever. Who could say for sure? What if they were wrong?
He also didn't want these assholes to know who she was. She'd be worth a lot in ransom. Then again, they wouldn't live to enjoy it. There were problems between Tessa and her dad, but no one doubted that he adored her. Old vampires like him also didn't take lightly to young upstarts like these two assholes.
Cody's eyes narrowed. He wasn't exactly sure who or what these guys were, but he had his suspicions. They were ignorant in ways that didn't make sense, like not knowing about flying vampires.
From the kidnapping of humans – a crime considered by some as abuse against animals – to attacking one of the elder's daughters. Yeah, that meant a jump right to a death sentence. She'd been hurt once tonight already. He cast a worried glance down at her crumpled form. Was that wound bleeding faster?
"So what are we going to do about this situation? There are two of us and only one of you. We can take you out. You can't kill both of us." The older vampire grinned at Cody, his yellowed teeth evidence of a long unhealthy life.
"You're not going to walk away from this unharmed. You crossed the line when you attacked her."
"Why? What's she to you? Just another dumb human." The two men looked at each other and grinned before turning back to face him. "You're into humans." They chortled aloud. "Christ, why don't you just do your dog or something else that's much less trouble?"
Icy rage filled his veins. They were going to die. That's all there was to it. That they could look at Tessa and see just an animal was beyond acceptable. It also gave him a small insight into what Tessa went through on a regular basis. Did she have to deal with this kind of talk from her own people? Is that why she'd turned her back on them?
Female vampires weren't known for being homebody 'Martha Stewart' types. They were cold, bitchy toward their own sex, and could strip a male bare with their cutting words – if one crossed them.
Tessa's mother fell into a category all on her own, having borne three children. Most vampires had none – or if they had any, they stopped at one. That added to the conjecture about Tessa. He'd heard others speak about her as if she was retarded. Not like them. Tessa was better than they were any day. She cared. About her friends, her family, even the human race. She hated the mess the world was in, and she never backed down from a fight.
He straightened his shoulders and slowly fanned out his wings. He was from a damn long-lived line of vampires and he could take these assholes. It would take a lot to kill him.
The two men eyed him warily. They backed up at the new look in his eyes. "Now look here. We can't just let you disappear. Who knows what kind of trouble you're likely to pull down on us." They shook their heads. "It ain't happening."
Cody extended his wings, letting his fangs slide down fully. Their eyes widened. Theymightbe vampires. He couldn't be sure. They definitely weren't like him. His lineage went back to the beginning, to one of the ancient ones, the oldest and strongest of the vampire clans. He had inherited skills – some the others could only dream of. That he was young, undeveloped, and untested wasn't an issue. They would pay for what they'd done this night. For what they intended to do…
"Shit. I didn't sign up for this." The chubbier of the two backed up and looked at his partner, who was still trying to hold his ground. Then he glanced behind him at the vehicle beside him. "I ain't going to get into a fight I can't win." He bolted for the driver's door of the black SUV.
"Coward," Cody growled. He never took his eyes off the remaining asshole.
"Whatever. Keep your pet then. But watch your back. You've walked into something bigger than you can imagine. These vampires aren't going to let you get away with interfering in our business. This isn't the end of it." Calmly, he turned and walked over to the other vehicle where he climbed into the driver's side.
Cody waited a few minutes until the two vehicles drove down the driveway, then he knelt at Tessa's side. He had to get her out of here before anyone else arrived.
"Tessa? Come on, wake up." He studied the gray cast to her skin and frowned. Vampires had pure white skin. Tessa's changed daily from pinkish to peach to soft white. He kinda liked that about her. Not this color though. "Please. I really don't want to have to explain this to your dad. He's going to kill me for not protecting you. Tessa, please. Wake up."
Tessa moaned softly. Her head rolled as if she were trying to control an unwieldy ball from the inside.
"Cody," she whispered.
Relief poured through him. 'Thank God. Hang on, kiddo. I'm taking you home."
"Home?"
"Home," he whispered against her hair as he slid his arms underneath her slight frame, scooping her up into his arms. "Hang tight. We'll be there in a couple of minutes."
"Hurts," she moaned.
Shit. He probably shouldn't have moved her. What choice did he have though? He couldn't exactly leave her alone and injured. His instincts screamed to get her the hell away.
He carried her out into the night.
"Cody?"
"Yes, I'm here."
"Thank you."
The moonlight half slipped out from behind the clouds to shine down on her ashen face. She looked more vampire now than she ever had. "You're very welcome." He smiled. Then he bent and dropped a kiss on her lips.
He felt her surprise. He'd surprised himself. A kiss on her cheek, her temple, even her hair – all that would be normal and quite acceptable coming from her brother's best friend. A soft loving kiss on those plump lips – not quite the same.
And if he couldn't explain it to himself, he certainly wouldn't be able to explain it to her father or her brother. He snuck a glance at her out of the corner of his eye. Concerned relief coursed through him when he realized she'd fallen unconscious again.
With any luck, she wouldn't remember the kiss anyway.
***
Tessa opened her eyes briefly. And she shut them again as wind rushed past her cheeks. Lying warm with a steady beat under her ear, she realized she was being carried. She frowned. Comfort and safety enveloped her.
The one who held her did so carefully, almost lovingly. Peeking beneath her lashes, she studied the all black clothing in front of her face. Great. All vampires wore black. She cast her mind back, trying to remember what could have brought her to this point. Her head throbbed on the left side. Was she hurt? That couldn't be good. If her injury didn't do it, her mother would kill her…then it all came rushing back to her.Jared.She struggled upright, only to have bands of steel tighten around her.
"Don't move. It's hard enough to carry you while I'm flying, but landing with you struggling…not good."
Cody.Her eyes widened. He was the one holding her so carefully? Like a delicate package that could break with the slightest mishandling.No, not possible.She couldn't help tucking this memory away for closer examination later.
Cody had always been the too-familiar extra brother and the not-quite-familiar-enough dashing ancient, the most respected lines of vampires. An allure of mystery surrounded his entire family. Even though their fathers were best friends, Tessa had always felt slightly awed around Goran, Cody's father. There was an older son too, only he was almost a century older.
Tessa had met him only once and he seemed as unapproachable as his father. Cody, on the other hand, had always treated her like an annoying younger sister, even going so far as calling her various nicknames, like Tizzy, on occasion.
Now Cody flew like an archangel, strong and sure, confident in his abilities. She relaxed into his arms and enjoyed the novelty of being carried through the night.
"What happened?" she murmured softly. She didn't know if he could hear her with the wind whistling around them. The wind's chill cut through her clothing and attacked her skin. A shiver slid down her spine. A mallet beat on the inside of her skull, increasing its tempo every time she moved. She dared not make a sudden move and send them both crashing to the ground.
"We were attacked back at the house. You were hit on the side of the head – again."
"Don't remember."
She felt his concerned gaze on her.Interesting.Then again, her family was liable to roast him alive when they found out what they'd been doing. She dimly remembered the earlier part of the evening, but the head smacking part didn't ring any bells. Maybe that was just as well. She shivered again, loving the male warmth that wrapped around her as he snuggled her closer in his arms.
"We're almost there. Hang on."
She couldn't actually hang onto anything. Her arms were caught up against her chest and she was tucked up against Cody's heart. All kinds of weird feelings churned around in her stomach, making her wonder if she was going to be sick. She'd never felt this type of connection and warmth before.
Cody had always been there – in the background. Part of the family, but not family. She'd never considered him as anything other than David's irritating best friend. Now all kinds of feelings were washing through her, and heat was just one of them. Was this, as she suspected, all due to her head injury?
Cody descended so quickly, the wind rushed past her face, lifting and tossing her long hair. The moon shone behind him, raising his features in relief. How had she never noticed the clean, chiseled lines of his jaw and high cheekbones? Or the way the breeze picked up those jet-black curls to play in the wind? Good thing her hands were tucked out of the way, or they'd be reaching up to see if those strands were as silky as they looked. Waves of warm delight washed over her, making her tingle. She frowned with confusion.
What was going on here? She'd never considered Cody in this light. She'd been too busy drooling over Jared.
The landing, despite all his efforts at gentleness, jarred her.
"Ohh." She moaned in pain as her head bounced against his shoulder.
"Sorry." He straightened and stared down at her, worry etched into his features. "I tried to be careful."
"It's okay." It wasn't really, because now the hammer inside her head had been replaced by a sledgehammer. As she gasped for breath, she tried to hold back the tears. "It's not your fault."
"I don't think anyone else is going to believe that," he muttered.
She almost didn't catch his tone. And couldn't come up with one good reason why people wouldn't believe him. Cody was one of the good guys. Everyone knew that.
"Oh my God."
Tessa stirred at the voice. "Where are we?"
Cody never broke stride as he walked down the pathway. If anything, his back stiffened as he entered the house to the concerned cries of everyone present.
"We're home."
"Oh no." She so wasn't ready for this. She hid her face against his chest.
He cuddled her closer. "Sorry. Your mom needs to see to that injury. This is the second one tonight. Any more of this and it could be the end of you."
"I'm tougher than I look," she muttered so only he could hear. She refused to open her eyes and face the glaring accusations she knew would surround her.
"What the hell happened?" Her father's roar filled the room, followed by startled silence. "Is that Tessa? Now what did she do to her hair?"
Tessa moaned as her dad's voice turned the sledgehammer in her head into a jackhammer.
"She's been hurt – again. It's her head. She's in a lot of pain. Can I lay her down somewhere?" Cody stood in the middle of the living room, turning around, looking for a place to put her down.
Tessa's mother rushed over to them. Tessa tried to open her eyes but couldn't stand the light from the kitchen. "Light hurts," she mumbled.
"Let's take her to her room." Her mother led the way and Cody followed, still carrying Tessa. In his arms, she didn't feel like she was large or awkward or any of the other million mixed-up feelings she usually had to deal with.
Now there were new ones.
"Here. I'll pull back her covers." Blankets rustled, then Tessa felt the coolness of cotton sheets against her back as the beautiful warmth of Cody's body disappeared. She protested.
"Shhh. You'll be fine now. Let your mother take care of you."
Cold on both sides, Tessa curled into a ball while her mother pulled the blankets over her.
"Cody?"
"I'm here." He reached over to take her hand gently in his.
"Thanks," she whispered as she let the darkness take her away.
***
"Go. I'll look after her. You need to explain what happened to Serus. I don't know what's going on, but this has to stop. She's not like us."
Cody looked over at Tessa's mom in surprise. "Rhia, I think she's more like us than you realize."
Rhia stopped stroking a white streak of Tessa's hair to glance up at him. She looked surprised. "What do you mean?"
"I spent more time alone with her tonight than I think I ever have, and I know she surprised me. Maybe I've been as guilty as everyone else of assuming her genetics made herlessof a vampire." He shook his head. "I have to tell you, I think it's made her a better one." With that cryptic comment, he cast one final look at Tessa and walked out to face the gathering of angry vampires below.
There was only one way to handle this and that was to tell the truth. Tessa wouldn't appreciate it. It could mean she might never be allowed free on her own again, at least for a good long time. That didn't change the fact that something ugly brewed in the vampire world, and everyone needed to know what was going on. Cody, for one, wanted the others to help him find out what that was. The best he could do would be to minimize Tessa's involvement.
Or better yet, accent the strengths she'd showed tonight. Foolish and impulsive actions, maybe…except her heart had been in the right place.
Then again, as he thought about it, he didn't need to embellish anything. Tessa had done just fine tonight – all on her own.

CHAPTER SIX
Tessa woke to a darkened room. She surged upright, wincing at the pounding in her head as memories of last night crowded into her awareness. Her panicked glance showed the same curtains on the window of her childhood room and the cozy blanket David had bought for her birthday last year. Home. Sighing, she relaxed into the pillows.
Not wanting to face the day and not yet truly rested, she pulled the blanket up to her neck and tried to snuggle deeper.
Loud noises from below disturbed her peace. She didn't know what they were arguing about, but it had gone beyond normal family fighting. That's probably what had awakened her. She lifted her hand to her head and gently explored her skull, wincing as her fingers caught on the dried blood matting her hair. A shower would be wonderful. Just the thought of exerting that much effort made the rest of her body scream in protest. The events of last night had sapped her energy.
Images and feelings mixed with odd impressions and partial memories, leaving her unsure of what had actually happened. And then there was Cody. Even as she thought his name, a gentle sense of connection swept through her. She sighed. She needed to get a grip before Cody got wind of that. He'd just laugh at her.
Speaking of Cody. Was that his voice?Shit.She glanced at the clock and groaned. She'd hardly slept. Less than an hour had gone by since her return. As her father's blustery voice whipped through the house, Tessa cringed. Cody had saved her. She'd been the one who hadn't wanted to go back and get help. Please don’t let him get ripped by her father.
Cody had been the hero. She'd been the idiot.
They could blame her if they wanted. They would anyway, to a certain extent. But they shouldn't be treating Cody badly. Knowing she'd never rest if she didn't do her part to right the injustice, she slowly sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed.
The room spun around for a few seconds, then calmed down. Using her night table for support, she stood up and carefully made her way to the doorway. She didn't want to face her father's wrath. In truth, no vampire in the world would. But she couldn't let Cody take the blame for her actions.
Good intentions were fine, in theory. Navigating the stairs to make good on them was a different matter.
She misjudged the distance to the last stair and accidentally stomped down hard. She gasped as spikes drove into her temple. Biting her bottom lip, she forged ahead into the living room. The room swelled with vampires.
Great, there'd be an audience to hear her admit her stupidity. Bitterness washed over her in waves. Surely, for once in her life, some things could be private? Not this, apparently. Then again, of all her actions, this one would have the most widespread repercussions.
"I don't want to hear it," her father snapped at someone, his barely leashed temper adding a cutting edge to his voice.
Tessa couldn't suppress the moan that slipped out. His voice… Could he please remove the spike now deeply embedded in her brain by his raised voice? She massaged her temple and fell back against the doorway.
"Tessa?"
The room erupted into chaos.
Her mother rushed to her side. Cody beat her to it.
"Why the hell aren't you sleeping?" he snapped.
"Uh, gee, maybe because of all the yelling going on," she snapped back. She didn't argue as he slipped a hand under her elbow and led her to the closest chair. Sinking into it, she closed her eyes briefly. And opened them to see her mother glaring at her father.
"I told you to keep your voice down," Rhia said.
His glare swiveled from Rhia to Tessa and back again. "Maybe it's better this way."
Tessa watched her mother draw herself up to her full height, in no way prepared to give an inch. "You will not question her right now. She's injured. Twice, I might add."
"I know that. I'm not going to beat her, for Christ's sake," he muttered. "I just want to ask her some questions. Get some answers we need."
Any other time, Tessa would have grinned at her father backing down in the face of her mother's wrath. Those two had been together for centuries. They knew just what boundaries they could cross and which ones they couldn't. The sooner everyone knew what had happened, the faster they could do something to save Jared. "Mom, it's okay. I'm fine."
Her mother spun on her heels, frustration firing her voice with heat. "No, you are not fine. I want you to march upstairs and get yourself back into bed. And stay there. Do you hear me?"
Tessa heard the words, and when she looked in her mother's eyes she recognized real fear behind the tone. Tessa smiled gently. "I love you too, Mom."
Her mother's eyes filled with tears and she rushed over to hug her only daughter. "Tessa, you could have been killed. Do you understand that?"
"Yes," Tessa whispered against her mother's blue-black locks.
Her mother wiped away her tears and pulled back a little to look down at Tessa. "Please, wait until you're feeling better. I don't know much about the kind of injury you have. Maybe I should call a human doctor…? Taz." She brightened at the idea. "Yes, that's what I'll do. Let's go back upstairs. Taz will be happy to come."
Tessa glanced over at David and Seth, who both rolled their eyes at her. "Mom. I'm not human, remember? And Taz isn't going to want to come into the house with this gathering going on." She motioned to the room full of black-clad vampires. "Though I might get injured a little more than the rest of you, and I might take longer to recuperate, that doesn't mean I don't have any vampire traits."
Cody stepped closer. "And I'd be the first one to say I've seen more than a few of them in action over the last few hours."
Her father glared in Tessa's general direction, effectively including the entire family and Cody.
Tessa glared back, then winced. The tempo in her head clashed with the movement, and a fine tremor went down her spine.
"Tessa?" Her mother crouched down in front of her. "Honey, please go back up and lie down."
But Cody placed a hand on her shoulder. Heat crept up her face. Maybe she hadn't imagined those solicitous touches earlier. Did he really care, or was she just the little sister he didn't have in his life? What a depressing thought.
"She can go back up in a few minutes. She's my daughter, not some weak lily-livered human." Serus's tone brooked no argument.
Straightening her spine, Tessa stared at her father. Showing weakness hadn't gotten her anywhere with him before. Maybe showing some backbone would. "What do you want to know?"
"I want to know what the hell you were doing ignoring my orders."
Her chin jutted out on its own. Any attempt to force some stiffness into her spine was forgotten. It straightened on its own now. She wasn't going to put up with a dressing down for not listening to her father – not in this instance. Jared was in trouble. And if her father still refused to help her – well, she knew where the front door was. She refused to consider that the knock on the head might have had something to do with that answer. "I'm not even going to discuss that with you. Not here and not now." Tessa's words were quiet but clear as she stared her father down.
His jaw dropped.
She'd have laughed if the subject wasn't so important. "I came down here to make sure you weren't taking chunks out of Cody’s hide and to tell you what happened so you could help. But if you're just planning to tell me off, to ground me for doing what I felt was right…" she stood up slowly, her temper putting steel into her rubbery legs, "And to tell me thatyouwouldn't have done the same thing, then I'm leaving."
Silence. Tessa didn't think she'd ever heard such an absolute absence of sound. She refused to tear her gaze away from her father, who looked like he'd been struck by lightning. The rest of the audience held their breaths, waiting for the explosion.
"Tessa, that's hardly fair. You know your father needed to speak with the Council first." Her mothered hovered between them.
"And second? And third?" Tessa scoffed. "While Cody and I tracked Jared's kidnapperandthe men – who attacked me, I might add – to the house where we found a human, chained and dead."
Soft gasps rippled through the house.
"I know perfectly well how incompetent and incapable you believe me to be. I, however, won't let your opinion stop me from helping someone I care about. Whose predicament I feel responsible for."
Dimly, in the back of her mind, she felt Cody's withdrawal. She'd have to reason that out later – right now, in the vampire den, she dared not show weakness. "There are times when you just have to stand up for what's right. This was one of them."
Her piece said, the steel morphed into marshmallows and she collapsed back into her chair.
"You care about this…this human?" The question came from her mother's sister. Aunt Rosha was cold, hard, and a bitch…but all bitches had families and she happened to be part of Tessa's.
Letting her lip curl in disdain, Tessa cut through the implication hanging in the air. "Yes, Aunt Rosha. He's a friend."
"A friend?" she asked delicately. Her tone implied so much more.
And just like that, Tessa had enough of it all. Of Aunt Rosha's innuendos, her criticisms, her belief that Tessa was stupid and naïve – the constant nastiness Tessa had endured from this relative. "Think whatever you want, Rosha. You will anyway."
Her mother's shocked gasp at her side would have made the old Tessa cringe in horror at being so bold. This Tessa, the beaten, chased, and now attacked-on-all-sides Tessa could no longer afford to be anyone's doormat. "He's a friend. That means he's someone I go to school with. Someone I went to the movies with. He's not my lover." More murmurs wafted through the room. "He's a friend."
"Interesting," Rosha murmured, studying her long nails, a sneer on her face.
"Yeah, it's a human thing and a friend thing. Obviously, you wouldn't understand."
David, who came to sit on the armrest of her chair, gently nudged her shoulder. Tessa half leaned into his touch, accepting both the comfort and the warning. At least for the moment.
Her dad knew his sister was being insulted and it was obvious he didn't know what to do about it. "I think it's time Tessa went to lie down."
"No, Dad, it's time for someone to help me find Jared." She took a deep breath. "Before whoever took him kills him, like they did the other man."
"That's human business," murmured someone from the back of the room.
"Who said that?" Tessa snapped, glaring at the blank looks turned her way. "It's not human business. It's vampire business. It was vampires who took him, vampires who killed the other man, and vampires who have Jared right now."
"Of course we only have your word that this other man is dead." Rosha smirked at Tessa.
Tessa turned to look up as Cody stepped forward. His temper showed on his lean, dark face. "Not true. I also saw him."
Then Tessa remembered the evidence she'd gathered. Standing up again, she reached into her back pocket for the man's wallet. "Here. His name was Carstairs Wallace." Her voice gentled as she looked down on the wallet she'd taken. "I hoped we might help him, too. Someone somewhere will want to know what happened to him."
She wanted to give it to her father, but as there was no give in his face, she handed it off to Cody before sitting down again.
As Cody walked forward, an oversized vampire stormed into the room. Goran's temper moved ahead of him, automatically clearing a space. "What the hell is going on here?" He spun around in a circle, his gaze taking in everyone in the room in an instant. When his eyes lit on Cody, some of the anger drained from his face. "There you are. What's this all about?"
"It's a long story, sir."
"Then you'd better get started."
As succinctly as he could, Cody relayed the evening's events for his father. It made interesting listening for Tessa, who could only vaguely remember some of the details and none at all about the fight or that he'd defended her. Her insides turned to mush at the thought. Tidbits of memories flashed through her mind, some of them heating her insides and making her face flush.
"Are you warm, Tessa? Your face is turning pink," David asked in concern. Tessa rolled her eyes. That was yet one more human trait the others couldn't understand. Maybe that was a good thing. Blushing wasn't something she wanted to be advertised.
"I'm fine," she murmured, keeping an eye on the two most powerful men in this part of the world. Her father and Goran had been friends forever. They held the same beliefs, followed the same code…and generally viewed life from the same vantage point. If Cody's father sided with Tessa's father, then Cody and she could both end up in deep shit.
Goran's heavy brows beetled together. His gaze lit on Tessa once before bouncing to Rhia then off to stare at Tessa's father.
"So what are we going to do about this, Serus?"
"Hell if I know. I'm trying to get to the bottom of this mess."
"Pssshaw. You and your talking. This is a time for action. If vampires are breaking the treaty we have to stop them. That's all there is to it. We can't go back to the war zone we once lived in."
Serus shook his head. "No, we can't do that. However, we don't know who took the humans."
Goran turned to study his youngest child. "Cody?"
"I can show you the house and the vehicles. I'd definitely recognize the vampires again..." He hesitated. "One called the other Benj, but I've never seen them before."
"Imported?"
Cody nodded. "I think so."
"What?" roared Serus. "You never mentioned that."
"I didn't get a chance, sir."
Goran stomped his feet, a big grin splitting his face. The bones of the house quaked with the movement. "Well, boy, what else did you not get a chance to tell?"
Cody glanced down at Tessa. She frowned. He was holding back something…but what? That it had to do with her was obvious, but what it was she couldn't imagine.
"What? Just say it," Goran urged.
Cody hesitated. He looked over at his father. "I'm not sure they were normal vampires."
For the second time that night, silence overtook the room.
Serus, his voice tempered steel, asked, "What do you mean by that?"
Everyone in the room leaned forward to hear Cody.
"They didn't know anything about my family line, and they didn't know Tessa."
Serus frowned, not understanding.
Goran whistled. "Now that's interesting."
Seth stepped forward, surprising Tessa. She hadn't seen her oldest brother since she'd made her way downstairs. "Why does that matter? Not everyone knows Tessa. Or your line, Cody."
Frowning, Rhia stood up and walked over to stand in front of Cody. She searched his face carefully. "When you say 'normal', are you suggesting they were 'turned' vampires?"
Tessa sat back, stunned. The practice of turning victims into vampires had been outlawed centuries ago. That was considered an even worse transgression than kidnapping humans, and if the two went together… She whistled softly.
"Exactly, young lady." Goran nodded, despite the serious anger building on his face.
Cody frowned. "I couldn't be sure, but there was something very odd about them."
"In what way?" Rhia stepped closer to Serus, new worry creasing her face. Serus wrapped an arm around her shoulders, hugging her close.
"They looked wrong." Cody shrugged, not knowing how else to say it.
"Come to think of it, they smelled wrong and they did look different." Tessa pondered just what it was about them that made them that way.
Goran pounced on her. "Different?How?"
Closing her eyes, Tessa tried to retrieve the memory of what had bothered her. She'd managed to see the attackers through both kinds of vision. What had been so different? "Their energy trails."
Silence.
Serus reared back, then scoffed at her, "Energy trails. What are you talking about?"
Rhia spun back to Tessa. "You can see energy trails?" Shock and disbelief didn't cover the interest in her voice.
"I think that's what they're called. When I open my vampire vision at the same time as my human vision, I can see the energy coming from everyone."
David interrupted. "Everyone?"
She nodded. "Yes, everyone. At least, I think so. I haven't tried it all that often, but I see both vampire and human energy."
Goran and Serus exchanged glances. Some silent message moved between them.
"Like that," Tessa said, nodding toward them. "I can see the energy move between you two as you communicate."
Rhia spun around to face the two elders. "You were mindspeaking?" she asked incredulously. "I thought you said you couldn't do that."
Both men looked uncomfortable, but they looked down their long noses at Rhia. "We've been able to do it for some time now, but only with each other."
Rhia narrowed her gaze at Serus. "We will speak of this later. But for now…"
All three adults spun around to stare at Tessa. She shrugged and leaned back to close her eyes. Her headache was returning. And so what if she could open both visions at the same time to see energy trails? It's not like it helped her in any way. In fact, it made her even more 'odd.' Great.
"Could you identify the men by their energy?" Rhia stared at Tessa, confusion in her dark eyes.
"I think so, and by their smell." Tessa shrugged. She couldn't explain it.
"You can differentiate the smell of human from vampire and other animals?" Rhia's gaze widened again, making her eyes appear jet black.
"Of course. So can you," Tessa said wearily. "These two smelled more like an unusual animal species. I didn't recognize it, but it wasn't human or vampire. The two men had smells distinct from vampires, but also from each other."
Literally everyone in the room stared at her. She glared back at all of them."What?"
It was David who filled her in. "Vampire sense of smell isn't very acute, if you remember. It's mostly blood that stirs up our olfactory senses. And of course, our senses are strongest when we need to drink."
Tessa stared at him in puzzlement. "So?"
"We can recognize an animal from a vampire, but I highly doubt most of us would be able to tell any individual animals apart within one species. For us," he motioned to those in the room and then at her, "and for you, humans are animals. That you can smell the differences between them is very unusual."
It didn't seem unusual to her. "That would be from my human throwback genes then," she murmured quietly.
"No, I'm not so sure about that." Rhia walked over to stand in front of Tessa. She stood there for a long second, her finger tapping her chin thoughtfully. "How long have you known you could do these things?"
"Mom, I never noticed. They are natural to me. I've always done them."
"Hmmm." She pursed her lips thoughtfully. "Have you tried to fly?"
"Ah, I'm missing something important here, Mom – no wings, remember?" Geez, everyone was looking at her oddly now. Even her father.
"What?" she snapped, hating the attention. "Why are you all staring at me? Don't I get gawked at enough without having to put up with it in my own home?"
"Who gawks at you?" Serus bristled.
"Oh Dad, everyone does. Even you."
Tessa slumped back and stared out the window. What difference did all this make? They'd grab any excuse to stay off topic. Jared might already be dead for all she knew.
Exhaustion settled in on her shoulders. She wanted to weep. How could she be this tired? What good was she to Jared if she didn't have the energy to go out again and rescue him?
"Where's the house, Cody?" Goran asked, all businesslike.
Cody filled them in on the details, adding the warning he'd been given – that this situation was bigger than it appeared and that he wouldn't get away with interfering in their business.
Goran frowned at the threat.
Though the conversation flowed around her, she blanked it all out. It's not like anyone would do anything tonight. Everyone would talk about it and then discuss it some more. How couldshefind those assholes?
They hadn't been able to fly, yet they'd had wheels. She couldn't drive. The rest of her family could though. In the background, she dimly heard Cody ask her mom about the flying stuff. Like what kind of question was that? Cody had wings, thus Cody could fly. Tessa had no wings, thus Tessa couldn't fly.
Easy.
Rhia spoke to her. "My great grandmother on my father's side was a Leant. One of the originals. She couldn't fly, but she jumped like you wouldn't believe."
Jumped?Tessa sat up straighter.
"I never saw her, but apparently she could jump to the tops of trees and rooftops. Something to do with her spine and leg joints. She was hell on wheels, that woman. Serus is classified as a glider, whereas she'd be classified as a jumper – with a style of her own."
"Where is she now?" Vampires were notoriously long-lived, so where was she and why was Tessa just hearing about her now? She desperately wanted to meet this relative.
"She, along with most of her family, was killed during one of the uprisings. The townsfolk administered some kind of sleeping drug during a big celebration, then they went in and sliced off all their heads." Rhia paused, her face drawn with the painful memories. "She was a beautiful woman."
"Tessa jumps." Cody spoke up helpfully.
"What?" Rhia spun around to look down at her. "Do you? Really?"
"No, not really." When her mother's face fell, she couldn't help but modify her statement, unable to let go of that little bit of pride in her mother's face. "At least not that well. According to Cody here, I kind of crab walk through life." She glared at him and his remembered insult.
He grinned back at her. "It's pretty freaky looking. If I hadn't seen that it was Tessa, I'd have thought we had a new breed of vampire out there."
"Maybe it's not a new breed as much as the return of an old breed." Rhia brightened with excitement. "I must speak with someone."
"Mom, wait." But she was already gone.
Tessa watched her scuttle into the next room before turning her frustration on Cody. "Now look at what you've done. She's going to think I have some kind of special talent, and you and I both know how stupid my jumping is. Hardly a talent…more like a handicap."
"Stop knocking yourself. You could have all sorts of talents. You're at the right age for them to show up. Who knows? Maybe being a throwback means you're more like the originals."
"Whatever that means," Tessa muttered. Serus and Goran were arguing. She raised her voice, calling out, "Is anyone going to do anything about Jared? Or do I have to go back out?"
Cody straightened, automatically placing a restraining hand on her shoulder. "Whoa. Hang on there. You're not going anywhere. I didn't bring you home so you could take off again."
"Then you should have left me there. If they'd taken me prisoner, then maybe they'd have kept me with Jared and maybe I could have found a way to get both of us free." She stared down at her long fingernails in disgust. She'd been so concerned earlier about the right color to put on them. That part of her life seemed so long ago. It all seemed so frivolous now, so useless. "I feel like I'm deserting him."
"Don't talk like that," he snapped. "They'll help."
Tessa stared around the room at the small groups of vampires sitting around and talking like this was a social visit. Enough already. She stood up.
"No, they won't. It might put them out somehow. If they don't acknowledge there's a problem, then they don't have to feel guilty about not doing anything about it." She studied the various close and distant family groups. Not one of them was likely to help. She wondered about her human friends. They'd all want to call the police. And what about them? Was that such a bad thing to do? Could they help?
Or would the vampires eat them alive? She wandered in the direction of the kitchen in search of water. That room was full too. Sighing, she stared out the open doors to the large back patio. As expected, the patio was jammed with other people gossiping the time away. No one cared. Jared was only a human, after all.
She poured herself a glass of water and took a long drink. She rinsed the glass and turned to leave––
Dr. Taz stood in her way. Her mother and Sian, Taz's partner, hovered nearby. From everyone's positions, Tessa assumed they thought she'd try to run. Rolling her eyes at the gorgeous hunk of doctor grinning at her, she said, "Honest, I'm fine."
"Then let me check you over and everyone will feel better about it."
Tessa nodded at his words. "Fine. But I'm not going to lie down. You can check my head here in the kitchen." She pulled out a chair and, with a long-suffering sigh, she sat down and accepted his ministrations.
While Taz checked her over, her mind spun off in a dozen different tangents. Her own injury reminded her that Jared could be in worse shape.
How could she find the assholes that had taken him? They had to have some help. Surely that house belonged to someone important. It was a huge estate. How could she find out who owned it or who was living in it? Was there a housing registration office for vampires or some such thing? Did they have to report in as to where they lived? Not likely. Humans did, though. Or at least a certain segment of them did, like criminals or half criminals. She didn't really understand how that worked, but didn't think there was a vampire equivalent.
She hated that the entire subject of Jared had become a non-issue. That just might be one of the biggest downsides to the vampires she knew – their lack of willingness to get involved. All vampires lived in a secular world, one that revolved around them.
She couldn't just sit and do nothing. Jared had to be scared out of his mind.
***
Jared drifted in and out of consciousness. He could no longer tell if it was day or night or how long he'd been there. Time had become meaningless. Had to be from the drugs. He'd thought he'd heard Tessa's voice earlier, and now her voice wove in and out of his consciousness. His life would end soon – he knew that. He hadn't seen anyone else die, but the prisoners here would probably prefer death.
On his way to this holding cell, he'd been led through the warehouse full of hundreds, maybe thousands of suspended humans. They were in some sort of stasis while their bodies pumped out valuable blood.
Reality hadn't been long in coming. That was the fate awaiting him.
How sad. He'd planned on studying engineering after high school. Jared didn't want to spend the rest of his life in this half-alive state like the others.
A few minutes ago, he'd been asked a series of medical questions about his health and that of his father and mother. Some sort of selection process, he presumed, to check on his family history. Hooked up in that warehouse, a young human would easily live fifty, sixty, or maybe…given the lack of wear, a hundred years. Just the thought of his life being lived out in this blood factory made him want to vomit.
He'd rather kill himself first. Only he didn't think he could anymore. He was no longer chained. That was a good thing. Then again, restraints were no longer required. They'd given him drugs, strong ones. Drugs that tugged at him even now, pulling him back under. His last thoughts were of Tessa. Where was she? What was she doing right now?

CHAPTER SEVEN
Cody leaned back against the wall and wondered again how his vampire clan had survived.
He felt they played at the game of living. They had no vengeance left in them, no fight – and for most of them now, no flight. Few chose to have children and of those that were interested, fewer than half were capable. Their ability to reproduce was being bred right out of them. Maybe they were becoming obsolete. But when you could live forever, why would you choose to overcrowd your living conditions by reproducing? There were so few youngsters that they tended to stick together.
He frowned, thinking about what Tessa had said. It couldn't have been easy on her if she'd been shunned by the others. Not with such a small group her age. No wonder she'd turned to humans for companionship.
She had learned compassion and caring at their hands. Vampires were more selfish – hence the lack of action tonight. Unless their vampire way of life was attacked, they'd do nothing. Unlike the old days, when vampires were the aggressors.
Tessa, on the other hand, appeared to have more fight in her than all her vampire family put together.
And where had she gone, anyway? He'd seen Sian and Taz arrive a while ago. Surely checking Tessa's head wouldn't have taken that long… Glancing around, he found both fathers in conference with several other elders. And no sign of Tessa.
David was joking with Jewel, the girl he was sweet on, and Ian, another good friend to both of them. He walked over and spoke to David. "Hey, where's your sister?"
"I thought she was with you?"
"Nope." The two spun around, searching the crowd.
"She might have gone to bed on Taz's orders."
Cody slid him a sidelong look. David shrugged. "Okay, so maybe not. Then where the hell is she?"
"I'm concerned she'll take off again."
David glanced over at him and shook his head. "I doubt it. And what's with that, anyway? I've never known her to be so intense about humans." He looked down at Jewel, who lifted her shoulders in a shrug.
"They accepted her when her vampire peers wouldn't." Cody watched as David internalized that. "She feels responsible for what happened to this one."
David frowned and said. "That's dangerous. We have to have the Council on board to accomplish anything on a large scale. There's little she can do on her own."
Ian had yet to speak, but at David's comment he nodded in agreement.
"She believes the Council won't do anything until it's too late and someone else gets killed." Cody searched the area. He was unable to shake the worry that Tessa could be planning to take off again.
"The problem here isn't that no one will do anything, but that they can't figure outwhatto do. The vehicles have been seen around, although no one seems to know who owns them," David said. "Some people know of the house but said it changed hands a couple of decades ago, and they don't know who owns it now."
Cody grinned as Wendy and Jacob joined them. Wendy was cool. Good in school and didn't have quite as much attitude as many of their peers. She was a glider. Jacob was too. He was okay – a bit arrogant, but then weren't they all.
"Hey, like this is so messed up." Jacob grinned, his excitement lighting up the place. Jacob could always be found in the center of any trouble brewing.
Jewel stepped closer to David. "Cody, did you really see a dead person?"
At Cody's nod, horror filled her gaze, and she slid closer to David. "That's so terrible."
David grinned and winked at Cody.
Cody tried not to smile. David had been panting after Jewel for a long time now. About time he made some headway. Jewel was a decent sort. Not critical and harsh like many of the other women. Cody was happy for his friend. And damn, that brought Tessa right back into his mind.
"What are we going to do about this?" Soberly, Ian jammed his hands deep into his pockets while he waited for an answer.
"That's what we're trying to figure out." Cody turned around, looking for Tessa. "Has anyone seen Tessa lately?"
"Outside," Jewel answered. "I saw her go out a moment ago."
"Shit." Cody bolted out the closest door. "Tessa, where are you?"
David raced out behind him, their friends spilling out the door in their wake.
"Tessa!"
"I'm here. Stop yelling."
As one, the group followed her voice, craning their necks to find her in the trees above the house.
"What are you doing up there?" David snapped.
Goran, Serus, and Rhia raced outside to stand beside the younger group. The adults looked up at her, frowns settling on the men while her mother gasped in shock.
Rhia stepped closer as if to catch Tessa if she did fall. "Tessa, no! Get down here right now before you fall. You've got a head injury, remember?"
"I'm fine, Mom. I just came outside for a little peace and quiet."
David shifted closer. "Huh…Mom, ordering her around isn't likely to get her cooperation."
"Cooperation? She's recovering from two head injuries. She's liable to fall out of that damn tree any minute." Rhia's voice grew until she was practically screaming. "Serus,please, go up and get her."
"I can get down on my own, you know," Tessa called down.
"And you might fall, too, damn it."
"I'll go." Cody didn't wait for anyone's approval or discussion. He understood how Tessa must feel. She'd want to get out of this on her own; however, should anything go wrong… He couldn't let that happen. There appeared to be a slight improvement in the adults' mindset, but a mishap at this point would destroy that.
With a graceful leap, Cody cleared the heads of those standing close to him before spreading his wings. He reached Tessa's side in one full stroke.
"Come to rescue me again, Cody? Or doing their bidding?"
"Neither. I thought I could give you a graceful exit down. Then maybe we could get some help to go find Jared."
Tessa's eyes widened. "Really?" Hope crept into her voice.
It hurt Cody to see Tessa's doubt and lack of faith. Vampires were clannish and generally their decision-making process took time, but once the decision was made they charged forward. "David and some of our friends have gathered together. I'm sure the elders will want to join the fray, if for no other reason than to keep us younglings safe." He couldn't quite keep the derisive sarcasm from his voice.
He needn't have worried. Tessa grinned. "Isn't it great when everyone thinks you're too young to know anything?"
"That's the truth. Come on. Let's get this show on the road." He held out a hand. She took it and the two jumped to the ground in a graceful leap.
***
Tessa landed in front of her family's shocked faces. She laughed as pride and joy rolled through her. "Not quite the klutz you thought I was, huh?"
Rhia grinned, appreciation of her daughter shining on her face. "Honey, I never thought that about you."
"Right." Tessa turned to her father. "I'm going to find Jared. Maybe with other vampires and maybe without, depending on if anyone wants to come." She raised one eyebrow at the bluster starting to build on her father's face. "And don't bother arguing. It's something Ihaveto do."
She glanced at the crowd collecting around her. "Is anyone willing to go with me?" When several people cried out 'yes,' she nodded and held up her hand. "Just to make sure you understand. We're going to rescue a human. Possibly more than one. And we will be going against vampires. I don't know who is behind this or why they've taken humans, but there's a good chance these are vampires we might know. Don't make this decision lightly."
She offered a grim smile as people did a double take. "That's right. There could be some unpleasant surprises at the end of our journey. I'm not afraid of them." Eyes flashed at the mention of any of them being afraid. She smiled inwardly. A vampire's ego was not something to fool around with. "I don't have a choice. I feel responsible for Jared's kidnapping, and I will do everything I can to rescue him. But for the rest of you, it's a choice. Think about it and think about it seriously."
Several people exchanged glances with their neighbors.
Tessa continued her warning. "The other issue is someone has already died. He may have died from natural causes, or he may have had help. The truth is that being kidnapped and chained up like a dog for an unknown number of hours did not help him to survive. I've been attacked twice. For the rest of you, injuries or even death are possibilities. These are vampires who may know just how to do that. You could be giving up your eternal life."
Silence.
She nodded a second time. "Right. This is serious business."
Turning around to face Cody, she asked him, "In or out?"
"In," he snapped. "There's no option for me. I can identify them, and I was there with you when you were attacked. I'm going."
"So am I." David stepped forward, and that started the surge in the crowd.
"Hey, I want to come. At least we'd be doing something vampire-ish. It's like we've lost our souls these days."
Tessa, with a question on her face, turned to face Ian, the speaker.
The tall quiet member of David's group explained. "We're vampires, Tessa. We're born to hunt. Denying our basic instinct is like being one of the living dead."
Laughter greeted his words. Jacob, the oldest and most intimidating to Tessa, nodded. "He's right. We all feel we are a kind of living dead. Truthfully."
"Keep in mind," said Cody. "We'll be trying to save the treaty so that our easy life continues."
Goran stepped up. "That's enough. You younglings can't go alone."
David turned to him, surprising everyone. "Well, she tried to get your support and Dad's. Now she's given up and is going regardless."
Rhia stepped forward. "If you aren't going with them, Serus, then I am. Actually…" She thought about it for a half second. "I'm going, regardless. They don't know all the vampires. I do."
"Hey, that's great." Goran smacked Serus on the back. "We haven't had a good rumble in ages."
"Who said I wanted one now? I'm too old for this shit," grumbled Serus.
"Then stay home and tend the fires, Dad. We'll say hello to Moltere for you," David said.
Shock lined Serus's face. "What does Moltere have to do with this?"
"Moltere?" Sian's shocked voice cut through the noise. Sian was so beautiful, everyone instinctively paid attention when she spoke. "Are you sure it'shim?" Her penetrating gaze locked onto David's face.
"No one is sure of anything yet. But he's certainly the first one that comes to mind," responded David.
Taz slid an arm around Sian’s shoulder then dropped a kiss on her forehead. "It's okay. It's not likely to be the same thing again," he said, lifting his head and explaining to the group watching, "I was kidnapped by Moltere's men a long time ago. Sian here rescued me." He smiled tenderly at his partner.
Goran stepped forward, understanding dawning in his eyes. "On the other hand, Taz, if you're right, he's been quiet for so long he could have built an army in secret. We assumed he died a long time ago."
"Maybe he did. But think about this. Someone old, with a taste for blood, who has money and the power to create new vampires for his own purposes. Someone of the ancient lines, maybe with ancient beliefs." David stared the adults down.
Tessa stepped forward. "Who it is at this point isn't the issue. We can't jump to conclusions or we might miss seeing the truth." Except if David was right, the fight ahead of them was huge. The more she thought about what little she knew about Moltere, she realized the points David had brought up were all true. And no one had said he was dead. Moltere was one of the originals, along with her father and Goran. There were others, but their names rarely came up. In fact, no one discussed anything from that era. Something big had gone down – so big it split their group apart.
She almost missed the horrified looks passing between Sian and her mom. She barely caught Sian's whispered, "Not again."
Rhia reached out to hug her.
Tessa watched, wondering if they'd all get an explanation – but doubting they would. Adult vampires were great at not sharing. There had to be a mess of hidden history. She saw her father look over at Sian and Taz, one eyebrow raised. Taz reached around Sian, one large hand sliding across her belly as if to comfort. Serus’ gaze widened and he grinned. He smacked Taz on the shoulder. "Congratulations! I hope you'll man the house in case of any injuries and also help coordinate with Sian?"
Taz nodded, his brows pulling together. "Of course, anything you need. Let's not have a repeat of what I went through."
Tessa barely tracked the conversation. Confusing, it jumped from some history that her mom knew about, to the possibility that Sian was pregnant – and that was something to ponder seriously as Taz was human – then to a reference about some nasty event from the past…one they wanted to avoid happening again. Why couldn't adults make things clear?
Sian beamed at Serus. "That we can do. And work out a plan to approach the Council."
Tessa shook her head, wishing she understood the undercurrents. Still, David was right. The issue wasn't just about Jared's abduction, although his kidnapping was a problem. The crisis was bigger. Much bigger. If this rogue group were turning humans into vampires, they had to have a reason. The idea that someone was creating an army for their own purposes to be used against the common good of vampire and human alike couldn't be ignored.
That thought spurred her into action. She didn't want to be disrespectful and she loved her father, but he did need prodding occasionally.
"Hey, Dad, you can stay with Sian and Taz if you'd prefer. Afterwards, we'll let you know how it goes." She deliberately turned her back on him, hoping to hide her grin. There's no way her Dad would let her get away with that comment.
He spluttered. She grinned and bowed her head. Cody nudged her gently. She glanced up at him to see the same laughter reflected in his eyes. "Ready?"
"Oh yeah. Let's go." Tessa's shoulder was grabbed before she could take a step.
"No way you're going to treat me like a senior citizen. I'm leading this team, and you're the one staying home," barked her father.
She turned to him. "Oh, I don't think so. You might want to finally step up, but leaving me behind isn't an option."
Frustration lined his face. Opposition he was used to. Just not from his daughter. Tessa stood tall and stared him straight in the eye. She refused to back down. She didn't want to go against him if she didn't have to. She had too much respect and love for him. She'd like to have him at her side. Chances of that happening, however were…
And for the first time that night, her father laughed. Tessa stared at him in disbelief. Was that pride gleaming in his eyes? A warm glow wrapped around her heart.
"I guess that means you're coming." She laughed with him and turned to her mother, one eyebrow raised in question.
"Don't think you're leaving without me." Rhia stepped forward. "But we aren't going to waste the manpower. We'll split into groups. Serus, Goran, and I will take one group each. My group will drive to the house where you found the dead man. David, you are driving with me. Goran will take the fliers to where we last heard Moltere lived. That will let us know if the area has had any recent activity. Serus and his gliders will search from the air, picking up the trail from where Cody and Tessa last saw the vehicles and search the direction they were heading. Keep an eye out for any place large enough to house a blood farm."
"A blood farm?" Tessa's gaze widened. Sian swallowed loudly enough to catch Tessa's attention. Tessa watched as Sian snuggled deeper into Taz's arms. Right. Now the adults' half-filled-in conversations made sense. They'd seen one before. Go, Mom. Still a leap in deduction, but she'd consider it a possibility…for now.
Rhia surveyed the open-mouthed group staring at her and then spoke. "If they took more than one human, they are looking for sources of blood. Moltere went into hiding after the clans found out he was keeping humans alive to produce blood for him and his family line. If – and it's a big if – he's involved, then that's what he's doing. Some of his farms continued to exist long after he'd gone underground. Sian found one not all that long ago."
Goran beamed. "Love, love and love this. Cody will fly with me. Serus, pick your team."
Serus shook his head. "Well, if your son is going with you, you know my daughter is going with me." He reached out a hand. "If she wants to, that is."
Tessa grinned, and it felt like a light beamed from inside of her heart as she grabbed his hand. "I couldn't ask for a better partner." At the look on his face, she burst out laughing. "Okay, team leader."
Everyone cracked up as Goran punched Serus on the shoulder. "She's good stuff, Serus. Take care of her."
"Don't you dare let her get hurt again." Rhia turned to face the large crowd. "We don't have to tell you where you belong. Line up behind the leaders and let's get moving." With a final glance around, she added, "Everyone stay in close contact with each other. No one goes off alone. Serus and Goran, regular check-ins please."
Cody grinned. "Ian and Jewel, are you coming?"
Both nodded.
With that, the four fliers took to the air.
Tessa just wished she knew what they were in for.
***
Jared opened his eyes. The same stone walls stared back at him. Surely this nightmare had to end soon – or at least his awareness of it. He couldn't have said how long it had been now. People had come and gone. The other captive had been taken away. Only Jared remained in the cell.
The door opened. And yet another new person entered. What was out there, a freakin’ vampire city? He didn't think they were looking after his welfare though, or they'd have given him a bed and blankets, maybe some medicine for the headache threatening to split his skull wide open.
"Hello there. It's nice to see you looking more awake." The newcomer pulled a chair over to where Jared slouched, manacled to his chair. "We have the test results back. Interesting reading. You're a very healthy young man, did you know that?" He opened the file he brought with him. "It also appears that you may have some vampire in your blood."
Jared stared at him in shock.
"Oh, not in any recent generation. The line is very diluted with you. And that's a good thing. Because we need youhuman. We've finished our tests now, so we can move you onto the next stage of the program. There's been no decision yet as to which program you're going to go into; however, rest assured that your well-being is most important to us." A swarmy smile formed on his mouth.
"Programs? Do I get a choice?
"So you do speak. Very good. Now I can't tell you about our programs just yet, and as much as I'd like to give you a choice, that is being made for you based on these test results. Not to worry. You're in good hands."
At the nasty smirk on the guy's face, the last bit of hope died. None of the options would be good. He was never going home. He couldn't help wondering at the what-ifs. What if he'd not been kidnapped? What kind of future would he have had? What kind of relationship could he have had with Tessa? Was she even thinking of him?

CHAPTER EIGHT
Apparently a little rebellion was good for a father-daughter relationship. Tessa would never have believed it. Still, she had to admit owning a piece of his admiration had done wonders for her self-confidence. She actually held herself straighter. Like she needed more height. She already towered over her human girlfriends. Although, her companions tonight were vampires and they were all tall. It made her reconsider her notion that she didn't belong with them.
And there was the weird stirring in her belly every time she got close to Cody. Like what was with that? Vampires were notoriously faithful – once they'd found their one true love. Until that point however, it was a well-known fact they liked to do a lot of searching.
Tessa, like every other little girl in the world, often tried to picture her perfect prince. One week he appeared as a tall blond Adonis, the next a dark-haired bad boy. She'd never pictured Cody as 'the one.' Now she had to wonder.
"Tessa. We're heading out. Are you sure you don't want to come with us?" David said as he walked toward her.
Serus spoke from behind her. "I think you should go with them, too, Tessa. You are just learning to jump, whereas Wendy and Jacob are experienced gliders. We can't have you slowing us down. And I don't want you to get separated from us out there and get lost."
Tessa glared at her father. "Then you'd better lead now, before you take this conversation down that road any further. I'm jumping. I may not have much experience, and I know I don't look very pretty doing it…however, I can only get better from here. So let's go."
Her dad's jaw jutted out – he obviously took offence to her tone. She knew she was overstepping, she knew she was pushing the limit, but damn it, Jared needed help and she wanted to participate in his rescue…if that were possible. So when her father opened his mouth, she cut him off.
"Dad, we're past that now. I know you want to put me back into a little-girl box, but it's too late. Besides, I'm just a few years younger than the rest of the group. Let's just do this." She planted her hands on her hips and stared at him. She didn't want to fight him. Her energy would only go so far. "I'll learn from all of you."
"You're too damn young – you don't know what you're getting into."
"And you're too old – you don't believe the young can do anything."
The two of them stood nose to nose glaring at each other.
Then, just as abruptly, they both laughed, understanding the humorous take on their standoff.
Returning to the issue at hand, Serus said, "North. We're going north to the outskirts of Vampire City in the mountains."
A shiver slid down Tessa's back. The mountains had always been out of bounds. For a brief moment, she couldn't help but wonder if her dad might be right about this not being the trip for her. No. She couldn't let him be. Jared and who knew how many captives were more important than her childish fears of going into the mountains.
"Let's go." Serus took one last look at the three young vampires in his group and leapt into the air. Even though Tessa had seen him in action before, the precision of his beautiful movements still moved her. They were full of grace, and his landings…well, she could only hope she didn't have to be as old as he was before she learned to control her jumps half as well.
Jacob and Wendy followed. Both were friends of her brother, David. Tessa took a deep breath and tried to imitate their smoother, more practiced glides, but she ended up feeling even more awkward and inept.
Three jumps later, she reverted to her normal crab style. Hey, it worked.
They didn't stop moving for close to an hour. That's when she really wondered if she'd made a major mistake when she'd insisted on coming. Most of her body ached one way or another. Getting out of bed tomorrow could be fun. Not.
At least her headache had disappeared. Her last jump brought her to within a few yards of her father. She even landed on her feet.
He nodded and turned his attention to the group as a whole.
"We've got a little further to go before we're deep in enemy territory. However, we could be watched even now. Don't do anything stupid. If anyone approaches us, I'll talk to them." He cast a stern warning glance at them all. "This is only a fact-finding mission. We want to know what's here and who's here – that's it. Got it?"
"Got it." Their voices blended into one chorus.
He took off once again. Tessa hated to admit it, but her legs were feeling more like marshmallows than ever before. Still, she pulled on her inner strength and headed out after them.
She'd lost track of time. As soon as the thought crossed her mind, she realized everything that had happened so far had spanned only one evening. From the theater with Jared, to the Council meeting, to taking off and being attacked, and now down to this wild chase in the dark.
Worry immediately set in. The others would need cover soon. But not right away; they were in the mountains, and the morning sun would reach them later than it would have if they were home.
She jumped again and again, going from tree branch to rock to cliff edge. She used muscles she'd never realized she owned, and she completed jumps that she'd never have considered possible.
On the next jump she had a terrible takeoff and nearly fell off the tree. Her arms were almost too tired to grip the trunk. Feeling definitely shaky, she leaned against the trunk to rest her legs.
"Come on Tessa. We're almost there." Her father called out to her.
She groaned. At this point,almostwasn't good enough. Still, she'd insisted on accompanying them and she refused to let her dad be right. She'd damn well finish it. Gathering her energy, she jumped to an adjoining tree and then another and another. If she could avoid jumping down and then up again, it would save her a ton of energy and effort.
Eyeing her next potential landing spot, she tried a more horizontal jump. Happy with that attempt, she chose an even more horizontal line the next time. Picking a path through the trees, she moved faster than the others. Her jumps had to be done carefully to land properly in the tree, but even that seemed to get easier and easier. Pretty soon she was just coasting along. It felt good. It feltright.
"Tessa?" her dad called out to her, an odd note in his voice.
"What?"
"What are you doing?"
"Jumping," she said in exasperation. "What does it look like?"
"Flying."
She landed hard, her surprise making her misjudge her landing. Her knees buckled. Straightening up, she gasped, "What?"
"It looks like you're flying. Or something similar. I can't quite tell. It looks very odd."
"Yeah, so what else is new?"
"No. I mean it's unusual, but you're doing it very well." Her father stood on the ground a little ahead of her. "I just can't see how you're doing it."
"I don't know either. I've been trying to conserve energy." She gave a self-conscious shrug. "This is the solution I came up with. Not having to go up and down all the time saves power and time." She jumped down to land heavily by her father.
He studied her face. "How's the head?"
She shook her head. "Fine. The pain's gone."
"But you're tired."
"Sure. I didn't know I owned half the muscles I'm using." The other two in the group arrived as she spoke. Tessa smiled at them, relieved in a way to see fatigue on their faces as well.
"How’d you do that glide thing?" Wendy asked, a curious look on her face.
Tessa frowned.
"That tree-to-tree thing you did. It looked really cool."
"Oh." Tessa couldn't help but feel flustered at all the attention. She wasn't accustomed to having others admire her skills. "I'm not exactly sure. I just started doing it to conserve energy."
"I wish I could do that. I'm exhausted." Jacob wiped his brow before turning to Serus. "Sir, are we here now?"
"Yes. Stay close. We're close to his lair." Serus led the way again, this time slipping through the trees to the deeper shadowed area of the woods. Within minutes they came to a series of mansions dotting the countryside. All the lights were off and silence permeated the air. Was anyone home? Could they have gone to bed? There was still at least an hour of darkness left.
Serus frowned. "I don't like the look of this."
Tessa slipped to his side and opened both sets of vision. There were no signs anywhere of the weird energy signatures she'd started seeing. Not human or vampire…at least that she could see. "I think the place is deserted. I can't see anything."
"Maybe," he growled. "Or they could be hiding."
"How would they know they needed to hide?"
"I'm not sure that they do."
Tessa continued to move forward, keeping to the shadow of the trees. She circled around the house to the right, looking for vehicles. She found nothing so she did the same on the next two properties and continued searching, followed by her father and the others. The first two had nothing. The third also showed no signs of a vehicle. At the fourth – by far the largest mansion – she got lucky. She motioned to her father and waited for him to join her. "There's an Escalade up there."
"So?"
"I followed an Escalade to the house where Cody and I found the dead man. I can't tell from here if it's the same one, though."
"Will you know if we get closer?"
Tessa considered the problem. "Possibly. I remember part of the license plate number. Also, if they've been driven recently by the one of those two men, then I might recognize remnants of the energy. I just don't know."
"Then let's find out."
Vampires are stealthy to begin with. When they try to hide, they blend into their surroundings, almost disappearing altogether.
Moving quietly, Tessa and her group approached the last house from the back. A few more feet brought her almost close enough to touch the back bumper of the vehicle. The license plate looked right. Opening both types of vision, she studied the interior of the vehicle. There. Wispy vestiges of energy. The same man…no, both men. The energy had blended as it had dispersed.
"This is it. The same two men are here – somewhere."
***
Cody couldn't quite explain the feeling of flying to the rescue at his dad's side. He'd never been bothered by any familial feelings before. He'd been happy and content to live in his father's shadow. Not a big deal. Pride wasn't his thing. His dad, on the other hand, loved the limelight. Cody was good with that. He rarely saw his brother and that was cool, too.
Yet this warmth inside, this new sense of wanting to straighten up and walk tall beside his father, was interesting. He could get used to this partnership.
"Cody, can you tell us the general direction from here?"
Startled, Cody glanced from his father to the roads below. There was the same mansion on his right. "They went down that road there." He pointed to the left. "I saw their dust plumes as I flew home. They appeared to go straight.
"Good enough. I want to go lower so I can see if there are other tracks. We don't want to be following the wrong vehicles. Not that there would have been many here overnight."
Overnight?How had so much happened in such a short time?
If someone had told him yesterday that Tessa would instigate a revolt of vampire against vampire to rescue her human friend, he'd have laughed so hard he probably would have made himself sick.
And what kind of friend was this Jared? What did he mean to her? Cody's stomach clenched. When he heard her snap at her aunt Rosha, he saw another side to Tessa. He had to admit he'd admired her for standing up to her miserable aunt like that. And what the hell was with that?
Cody didn't currently have a girlfriend. And although his friends were always bugging him, he hadn't felt the need to go out and search for one like they all did. Could Tessa have caught his eye earlier? And had he been unwilling to take a closer look because of who she was? If so, was it even okay to covet his best friend's sister?
"These tracks are so clear that I think we can safely assume they were made by the kidnappers. Let's pick up the pace, otherwise we'll be caught outside when dawn breaks." Goran swooped low, keeping to a straight line above the trees.
"Yeah, I think that's why Tessa wanted to get going hours ago," Cody called out as he caught up. Jewel and Ian swooped down to take up positions on either side of Cody.
Goran glanced over at his son. "Smart girl. Her father's old school. Vampires are nothing if not clannish. Takes a lot to get them to go after each other."
"What happened with this Moltere person?"
"He's been a headache for centuries. He goes under for decades and usually comes up to cause a hell of a mess. It's about time for him to surface again. Unfortunately."
"Yeah. Is Rhia correct? Is he into hunting humans?"
"Definitely. He's as old school as Serus. We were all younglings together. I came into the picture a little later, when they were already friends. They were both passionate – but about opposite things."
"So Serus wanted to protect the humans?"
His father nodded. "Moltere wanted to set them up in farms. He's always looked down on them as animals."
"Yet we've seen time and time again that in some areas they really are superior."
"Absolutely. Moltere doesn't want to accept that. He thinks vampires are the rightful rulers and one can't rule if there is nothing to rule over, so he figures that job of being ruled falls to humans. Then there is the blood issue. Sure, we need it to survive. It's just that we don't needhumanblood. Animal or synthetic works just as well. But to Moltere, having synthetic was like having water when wine was available. He wouldn't do it."
The other two vampires flying beside them listened quietly.
"Is a blood farm what we're expecting to find tonight? Really? You mean Rhia wasn't joking?" Jewel asked Goran.
"Rhia is usually serious. And she's right. He could be operating another blood center. We've certainly caught him with them before. He keeps setting them up because there's a huge black market for human blood."
Cody frowned. "That's disgusting to think of humans like Taz being farmed for their blood. He's a great guy." In fact, the thought made his stomach roil.
The wind gusted, sending them down toward the ground in a heavy drop. Cody hovered, letting the wind take him where it wanted.
"Cody, look there." His father pointed to a turn off in the roads below. One set of tracks headed to the right, leading to another large property. A second set of tracks kept straight and headed straight up the mountain.
"Is that Moltere's area in the mountains?" Cody asked.
"It's one of them." Goran pointed to the large property on the right. "We'll go check that out, hopefully find a place to hole up until dark."
He swooped down closer to the old stone mansion, coming to a graceful landing on the roof. Cody followed. He'd never been this far away from home and didn't recognize the area. There were statues or gargoyles on the corners of the roof. The building had to be at least four, maybe five stories high.
It was also dark. No lights of any kind shone out. Looked like a vampire holding to him. He walked on the roof, looking at the outbuildings. Rhia had said to look for any place big enough – like a barn – where a blood bank could be set up. So even the basement of this house might suffice.
"What do you think, Dad?"
Goran studied the layout. "It's definitely vampire. Now is it one of us, an import, or one of Moltere's?"
"How do we find out?" Ian asked.
Goran looked at him in surprise. "We go in, of course."
Of course.Cody grinned.
"Through the front door?" asked Ian. Jewel, the only girl in their group, shot him a withering look. "We should check out the outbuildings first. Just in case we're not welcome inside the main house. We may not get a second chance."
"Good idea." Cody turned to his dad. "Let's split up. Jewel and I'll go check the outbuildings and you and Ian can go inside."
With a sharp look, Goran nodded. "You have half an hour only. We'll all meet at the front door then." He motioned to Ian and they both turned and floated down from the roof.
"Let's go." Jewel and Cody went toward the back of the house where they leapt down to the two outbuildings. One appeared to be a garage and the other…well, it probably served as a storage shed. They walked through the garage first and found nothing. No false floor, no hanging bodies, no large walk-in cooler. Nothing suspicious anywhere.
The second building had no windows to look through, nor did the door yield to their efforts. Cody tried to pick the lock but didn't know how. He could break it down, but didn't want to make any noise that would alert others to their presence.
"We have to get in."
"I know. But how? And without making any noise."
Jewel reached out and struggled with the doorknob for a moment. "The knob is new, but the door is old. Something important is behind here."
They stared at each other in excitement.
Cody pressed his head against the door and listened intently. He backed up several feet and rushed forward, popping the door hard at the knob. It snapped open, sending him rushing headlong into the dark interior. It was darker inside than outside.
Jewel stepped in behind him. They searched the corners and checked the loft. Empty. As they jumped down, Cody noticed a clean spot on the floor. He crouched, his hand tracing the square pattern where something had been. "Something was here."
"Yes, but not anymore." Jewel searched the rest of the room. "Now what?"
"We meet up with the others."

CHAPTER NINE
Tessa couldn't hide her fatigue. Her legs were ready to give out and her stomach had long ago stopped screaming for food. Now her stomach sat like a silent tiger waiting to jump on prey. She could only imagine how the others felt. Of course it was her human genes that made her require food. Her vampire genes could go without for days.
They'd approached the darkened houses one at a time and searched each building. And had found nothing. Now they were in the basement of the third and last house. So far – nothing. Had all this been a waste of precious time?
Tessa allowed herself a moment of weakness. She leaned against the wall, her eyes closed, while she rested and the others searched. Her feet were killing her. Why had she thought heeled, fashionable boots were perfect for this occasion?
Then she sensed it.
Whateveritwas. She opened both types of vision and studied the energy around the basement. Being as tired as she was, she had trouble focusing. That's when she saw them. Energy lines, faded and thin, spread out to the point of no longer being recognizable individually. All she could tell was that someone had been here recently.
Studying the pattern, she slowly recognized where the thickest collection of misty energy sat. Straightening up, she walked into the center of the low lying mist.
The energy disappeared into the floor.
With her finger, she traced each stone, looking for missing mortar, loose rocks or a door. She couldn't find anything.
"What are you looking for, Tess?" The concern in her father's voice made her smile.
"The energy has pooled on the floor slabs. As if someone went below."
The others moved to surround her, cautious excitement permeating the air. Every block was checked, every mark was examined until they finally sat back and looked at each other.
"I don't think there's anything here, Tessa," Wendy said. Jacob nodded in agreement.
"Yes, there is. I just don't know what or where." She looked around. Energy lingered on the walls. She hadn't thought it meaningful before, had thought of it only as a remnant from the people who had traveled this way. Yet it centered on just one wall – not several.
She walked closer. Acting on instinct, she placed her hand into the center of the energy cloud and pressed her palm firmly against the wall.
A groaning creaking sound in front of her mixed with gasps of shock from behind her. She spun around to find a section of the floor sliding down at an angle.
"Oh, well done, Tessa." Her father strode to the opening and bent down, staring into the black abyss. "Stairs. Let's go."
One by one they filed down the spiraling stairs. Tessa had to admit her nerves were getting the best of her. She didn't want the floor to close and lock them in while they were down there. Just the thought of that gave her the heebie jeebies. So did being left behind alone. Bolting down the stairs, she raced to catch up. As she reached them, a horrible grating noise sounded.
Tessa spun around. The floor was rising – effectively sealing them in.
***
Jared let his head fall back. He closed his eyes, relief coursing through him with the easing of his tense muscles. So much pain. He wouldn't have thought it was possible to live through so much and still be alive.
Death had to be better than this.
Nutrients pumped into his body. Blood pulsed out of his body. He was a captive. For the rest of his life. And now the means of doing something about it was beyond him.
Tears collected in his eyes, and he hated that too. Anger stirred – faint at first…then the beginning of resolve bloomed into determination, washing away the moment of weakness. He was Jared Enderby. He refused to let his life end like this.
There had to be something he could do. For the other humans who hung here at his side. For himself. For those that hadn't yet been caught.
He opened his eyes and stared at the rubber piping so close to him. His arms were encased in plastic to stop him from moving around. His legs were similarly suspended. He could bend slightly forward, but that was it.
Why couldn't he be unconscious like everyone else? Through the wave of pain, he vaguely recognized one of the orderlies standing in front of him, a look of concern on his face. The orderly motioned for someone to come over.
Why?
***
Cody stepped inside the mausoleum of a house and listened quietly. His gaze darted from side to side. The time to meet Ian and his father had come and gone. There was no sign of them. The door creaked behind him as Jewel joined him.
"Where are they?" she hissed against his ear.
"I don't know." Leaving the door wide open, Cody crept further into the house. Was anyone living here? And if they were, where were they? He was trespassing. For all he knew, the owners were waiting to smash him over the head.
"How do we find them?" she whispered.
"I have no idea." They hadn't set up a plan B.
Crap.Cody looked around the cavernous room. Sheets covered the furniture…and nothing indicated that vampires lived here. Of course vampires often didn't inhabit the main areas of the house, as they tended to have too many windows that let in natural light.
"I don't want to call out – who knows what we'll wake up." Jewel wandered over to the large fireplace mantle, picking up photos before putting them down again. "Do we just wait here?"
"It's either that or go looking for them."
Jewel cast a long look around the deserted space and shook her head. "Don't like that idea much."
"So how long do we wait? And if they still don't show up, then what?"
Jewel’s lips pursed as she considered it. "Let's give them another fifteen minutes, and then we'll go and look."
"Sounds fair."
Slam.
Cody and Jewel swiveled in shock. The door had closed. Jewel rushed over and tugged on the handle. She spun around in a panic. "It's locked."
Cody refused to believe her. He tugged on the doorknob himself. "Damn it."
They were locked inside.
***
"Tessa, wait!" Her father was behind her as she tried to outrun the floor as it closed. "You can't stop it. You'll just end up getting hurt."
Clank!
The floor settled into place.
Tessa's throat started to close.
"Let's go." Her dad turned and started back toward Wendy and Jacob. "Come on, Tessa. Let's catch up with the others."
She spun around and watched him head back down the passage as if nothing had happened. "Go where? Don't you care that we're locked in?"
"No." His faint voice floated back to her as the others raced behind him. Tessa spun around and realized she was alone in the darkness.
"Wait for me," she yelled, and ran to catch up. Her finger smacked against the first corner. "Shit." Shoving it into her mouth, she switched to her vampire vision. Why didn't she just keep the damn thing on? She was such an idiot.
You'd think she'd have learned by now. Not. She sped through the darkness, barely keeping the others in sight. The stone walls led her deeper underground. Stone floor gave way to hard-packed dirt, then finally to sand. A heavy chill settled in. Ten minutes later, still running, she gasped for air and grabbed her side. The others showed no sign of slowing.
Purebloods. Sometimes she darn well hated them. Still grumbling, she picked up the pace and tried to catch up to her dad. Five minutes later, she smacked into someone.
"Umph."
Tessa sprawled backwards on the floor.
"Damn it, Tess. Watch where you're going." Jacob turned to glower down at her. "And what are you doing on the floor?"
She glared at him as she scrambled to her feet. "Why'd you stop?" She looked around. "Are we here?"
"You tell us."
Tessa shot him a look as she struggled past him to her dad's side. "What's the matter?"
"Look." He pointed to the stone wall in front of them. They'd reached the end of the line. The passage stopped right in front of them. Tessa frowned. She spun around, looking for another way out.
"That doesn't make sense." The energy wisps had disappeared into the air a long time ago. "Maybe we missed the exit."
"And maybe we didn't. Maybe this is a dead end…a trap against intruders," Jacob scoffed at her.
Tessa ignored him. She'd never really liked this friend of David's. Not like she did some of the others. That Jacob had come at all had surprised her. Now his presence just irritated her.
"Dad, there has to be something we've missed."
Jacob turned to stare at her."Then you'd better find it."
"Me?" Her stomach hiccupped. "Why me?"
"Because you got us into this mess," Jacob snapped back.
She glared around at the others. "You could do something to help, too."
"That's enough." Serus turned to the walls. "Everyone look for a way out."
Tessa had already turned away from the others, her vision shifting easily into half-and-half mode. There had to be another door. She walked from side to side, searching for the energy wisps. Nothing.
"Look, she has no idea what the hell she's doing." Jacob's sarcastic voice sliced through the air.
Tessa couldn't stop her shoulders from cringing against the same kind of criticism she'd endured for years. Jacob was just being his usual asshole self.
This wasn't her fault. She crouched down and touched the sand under her feet. It was damp.
She sniffed the air. Musty. "Dad. Where's the closest body of water?"
"There's a small river close by." He knelt and touched the sand. "For all I know, with the heavy snowfall the whole area got flooded."
Going on blind instinct, Tessa placed one hand against the cold rock and walked along several feet. She didn't know what she was looking for, but the water had to have come in from somewhere. And recently.
Her fingers snagged on a crevice, dragging her to a stop. She followed the edge of it up as high as it could go. Then she traced the crack down to the floor. It appeared to completely separate the walls. "There's something here."
She went over it again, looking for some kind of lever or opening mechanism. "Spread out and look for a second split in the wall." Everyone spread out and searched the stones.
"It's here."
Tessa ran over to her father's side. "Is there a way to open it?" She bent down to the bottom. Her fingers caught on something odd. Wiggling them in deeper, she tried to find something to grab onto. As she shifted, her knee smacked against a stone higher up.
Heavy grinding and groaning filled the air as the wall moved upwards.
"Good girl."
The words were barely out of her father's mouth when water rushed in.
***
Cody circled the huge living room in the mausoleum. He had been looking for a way out since the front door had sealed, locking them in. The room opened to other parts of the house, but the windows and doors were all locked. Motioning Jewel to follow, Cody led the way through the den and dining room to the kitchen. There was even less indication there that anyone lived here.
"Dad?" Cody called out. "Are you here?"
Jewel gasped, her eyes wide. "What are you doing?" she whispered. "We don't know who's here."
"Dad's here. Remember? And Ian. Let's keep looking. We need to find them."
"I'd rather go outside and wait for them to come to us." Jewel tried the door leading to the backyard, then the windows one after the other. She turned around to face Cody, the reality of their situation settling into her features. "There's no way out."
"Not that we've seen – yet."
Panic glistened in her eyes. "What do we do?"
"We stay calm." Cody walked to the one door off to the side. "We haven't checked the basement. There could be an exit down there."
"I don't want to go."
Cody knew exactly how she felt. He reached for her hand. "Let's go together."
Jewel gulped and grasped his hand tightly.
"Together."

CHAPTER TEN
Tessa tried to close the wall and stop the water from flowing in, but the mechanism didn’t seem to work in reverse. "I can’t close it," she cried out in panic. Even as she spoke, the gush dissipated to a gentle trickle as the water flow leveled out and started to soak into the sand.
"This is stupid." Jacob waded away from them through the water. "I’m going back up the stairs to look for another way out."
Tessa shrugged, glad to see the back of him. She crouched down to look under the stone wall that had stopped about three feet up from the ground. Light shone down, twinkling on the water at her feet. She bent and slipped out into the early morning air. Freedom. She closed her eyes and opened her arms to the sky in relief, gulping in deep breaths of air.
She’d been right all along. She couldn’t begin to understand how she’d known what to do, but her instincts had led her in the right direction. She took several steps in the soft muddy ground.
"Tessa?" Her father's anxious voice carried outside.
"It's beautiful out here." She bent down and ducked her head under the wall so she could see her father. "Do you want to try to come out?"
"No." Serus gnashed his teeth. "Damn it. It's too bright out there already."
Tessa stopped and looked around at the bright morning sun. "I’ll go look around and come back." She tossed a confident smile back at him. "No worries."
Leaving him spluttering, Tessa circled the outside of the house, searching for a place where the others could hide out. A safe, dark place. They could stay where they were, but it was hardly ideal. What if the owners returned?
She leaned against the wall. She'd been through so much already. She was so tired.Think, damn it, think. There had to be an answer. What about gloves and helmets? That might do it. Where could she find such things? There had to be another option. Steal the vehicle? She headed back to the others to discuss their options.
The wall was closed.
"Crap." With one hand on the wall, she walked the full length, looking for the same crack in the wall. Surely having a mechanism to operate the door from the outside was just a normal safeguard? Her stomach wanted to heave. Tremors wracked her legs. Why hadn't she stayed in there with the others?
The early morning light showed her footprints clearly in the wet ground. She stopped in front of where she'd stepped out from under the wall. That should be about right. Turning around to face the stone, she ran her hands back and forth looking for the edge – and couldn't find it.
She considered her options. She could go back inside and down to the basement where the others were or she could look around and see if she could find a place for everyone to hide. Wanting to make the most of the time she had, she decided to search the outbuildings.
Twenty minutes later, frustration mirrored her fatigue. She'd found nothing. She circled the last outbuilding, some kind of windowless garage or shed. The doorknob turned easily under her hand. This building, like everything else she'd seen so far, was empty. She walked through the interior carefully, searching for some sign. Any sign.
In the far corners, she found several empty water bottles. Signs of humans. Vampires rarely drank water. Generally, if it didn't have blood or caffeine in it, they wouldn't touch it. She crouched down beside the bottles. No sign of blood.
Good. Maybe she was getting somewhere.
The floor was well scuffed. The walls had been scraped up, but she couldn't tell if the marks were old or new. The ring pounded into the wall was definitely new.
Humans had been here. They were gone now.
To where?
And how?
There were two vehicles outside now. But the driveway could hold dozens. The place was so remote no one would know if human trafficking was going on here.
She wrinkled her nose. Could be two or ten or a hundred vampires involved. She walked back out into the morning sun and leaned against the open door. A sound came from the front door.Dad?She raced back toward them. Just as she started around the large SUV, the height of the people standing in the shadows of the front entrance stalled her forward rush.
That wasn't Dad.
It was Jacob standing inside the dark shadows of the porch.
And someone else. No. Two someone elses.
Tessa dropped down behind the vehicle. What was going on? Another male, much bigger and decked out in full motorcycle suit, stood on guard off to one side. From where she stood, Tessa couldn't identify the others. Jacob appeared to know them well though.
He had to be in on this. Maybe he'd been responsible for the floor and the wall closing, locking them in?
Just then, the bigger man motioned around the yard while the others immediately spun around to search.Crap.Her stomach knotted. They were looking for her.
Where were her dad and Wendy?
She reared back, the pieces finally falling into place. Jacob carried gloves and a motorcycle helmet. So this was pre-planned? How? How could anyone have known about their group coming here? Unless Jacob had told them. He could have texted or called anytime. Her group hadn't been secretly tracking each other's movements.
She crouched lower to the ground, wondering where she could hide.
Jacob and the smaller man split up to search the outside grounds. The bigger man loped toward her. Tessa slid under the front bumper, scraping along the ground. She closed her eyes and held her breath.
Black boots thudded past, heading toward the shed she'd just vacated.
She breathed gently and rolled carefully out from under the vehicle in the direction of the house. She sprinted the short distance to the front door and slid inside. She needed to find her father and Wendy. She could only hope that Jacob had just locked them in the basement. She raced down but also checked behind her to make sure she wasn't being followed.
The floor was closed. Placing her sweaty palms on the wall in the right spot, she waited nervously as the floor fell away. She cringed at the noise this time, glancing behind her several times to make sure she hadn't attracted any unwanted attention.
She was still alone. She raced down to her father. "Dad?" She picked up the pace and half ran, half jumped down the long passage. "Are you here?"
"Tessa?"
"Yeah." Tessa ran toward his voice. She found them halfway down the passage, sitting in a heap on the dirt floor. She fell to the floor beside him. "Are you okay?" She ran her hands over his face, then his shoulders. "Are you hurt?"
"I'm fine. Wendy's tired, but she'll do." Serus stood up. "Did you see Jacob? We haven't seen him since he headed back to the stairs around the same time you snuck out."
Tessa sneered. "Yes, he's out front with two other men looking for me."
"What?" Her father stilled. Then he reached out and grabbed her by her shoulders. "But that's good. Why are you acting like this?"
"Not good guys. And he's in cahoots with them. He could have gotten you out anytime."
Serus and Wendy stared at each other. "Surely not." Serus frowned.
"Tell me how he got out." Tessa stepped past Wendy. "Come on. Let's get you two out of here while we talk."
"Why this way?" Wendy followed along obediently.
"Because I don’t trust them," Tessa said flatly.
No one questioned her again. At the door, she switched on the mechanism. When the wall had risen enough, she sneaked under, the others right behind her.
Into the sunlight.
Damn it.
Tessa ripped off her black jacket and threw it over Wendy's head. Her dad had already done the same thing with his coat, leaving his arms still in the sleeves. They hobbled toward the tree line as fast as they could. Once in the bushes, Tessa found a large fir and motioned the other two deep under the boughs. "Dad, will this work? There are a lot of empty outbuildings, but we could be seen."
"If we can get deep enough, we'll be fine for a while."
Tessa worked to lift the lower boughs so they could create a hollow underneath. "After a rest, could you drive out? Wendy, do you drive?"
Wendy, her voice muffled from the coat and branches, said, "I drive but can only tolerate mild sunlight so the windshield would need to be heavily tinted."
Serus coughed slightly, clearing his throat. "I think Jacob could. I recall he's good in partial light, like through a tinted windshield. I've never tried it."
"Figures. So how do you feel about trying it today?" Tessa grinned at the disgruntled look on his face.
"I’d rather you had your learner's license." He rolled deeper under the boughs.
Tessa snorted. "Yeah, right about now, so do I." She crouched down, looking for a corner in their hidey-hole for herself. "We need to call Mom or David. They could come pick us up."
Serus grimaced. "She'd love that."
"That's hardly the issue right now." And it wasn't. Not today, not when they needed help.
"Damn it." Her dad went to reach inside his pocket then stopped. "Except if Jacob is involved, then she’d be driving into a trap." He put the phone away. "We got into this mess, we’ll have to get ourselves out of it."
Tessa groaned and settled down.
It was going to be a long wait.
***
"Jared?"
"Wake up, Jared."
A harsh slap helped pull Jared out of his drug induced dreams. He swam through swaths of cotton batting to the surface way above him. Opening his eyes a few minutes later, he groaned and slammed them shut again. "The light," he gasped. "It hurts."
The lights dimmed.
Jared tried to open his eyes again. "Thanks, that’s better." He studied the face in front of him. "What happened?" Two other people moved around the room, both in white lab coats. "Am I in the hospital?"
"Not really. But you weren't absorbing the drugs as you should have been. We had to bring you down to run some more tests."
A small prick in his arm had him glancing down.
"There. Nothing to worry about. We’ll do the tests in the morning when some of the drugs clear your system. Just try to rest and have a good night’s sleep."
With that, the room emptied. Jared took a quick glance around his half of the room. Empty beds lined both walls. In the windowless room, he struggled to get his bearings. Fluorescent lights flooded the room. It resembled a hospital ward, but not quite. He tried to sit up.
And stopped.
He was strapped down. His hand went to the buckles and tried to loosen them.
"Don’t even bother."
Startled, he turned slightly to face his neighbor. Another young male, strapped into a bed similar to his, stared at him.
"Where are we?" Jared asked.
"In the infirmary – at the blood farm."
***
Tessa woke to heavy snoring.
Yawning, she sat up and groaned softly. Her back protested in outrage. Sleeping under a tree did nothing for her spine. Looking around, she studied the other two sleeping vamps. Hard to imagine anyone would be afraid of her species if they could see these two. Her dad was curled up in a fetal position that hid his large frame and height. On the other side, still curled under Tessa’s jacket, Wendy slumbered like a baby. They were all tired from powering through those miles last night. They had a right to be tired. Tessa herself didn’t feel too lively this afternoon.
She peered through the heavy boughs. They were missing a lot of the basic amenities, like a toilet, but as a hiding place, the dense branches had done a good job.
Both vehicles had left. She never even heard them start up. She’d been so tired it would have taken a bomb going off at her side to wake her up.
With one last look around, she nudged her father’s shoulder. "Dad, wake up. It’s almost evening again."
"Whaaat?" Groggy and rubbing his eyes, Serus sat up and banged his head on the low branches. "Ouch," he bellowed.
"Shh. I think we’re alone, but I wouldn’t want to find out the hard way that we aren’t."
Now that he was finally awake and aware, understanding filtered into his eyes. "Have you seen anyone?"
"No. The vehicles are gone, too."
He shot her a quick look. "You didn’t hear them?"
"No. And no, I don’t know where Jacob is either."
He pursed his lips as he studied the layout of the place. "He’s probably worried he lost us and went for help."
"I highly doubt it," Tessa muttered. She scrambled to her feet and slipped out from under the boughs. Straightening her back, she couldn’t stop moaning. What a relief to be able to stretch all the way up again. They’d only been under there for half a day, yet her spine felt like it had been compressed into a Slinky.
The afternoon heat still lingered, making pine and spruce the flavor of the day. She sniffed appreciatively. It reminded her of her childhood and the one time they’d gone camping. That was during her mom’s attempts to help her get in touch with her human side. Camping was apparently a common activity for humans.
She could see how the fresh air and open skies might make it appealing, but sleeping on the ground sucked. She glanced down at Wendy. "We should wake her up and get moving."
Her dad nodded. "Yeah, I want to go home and fill up on blood."
Tessa frowned. Yet another difference. She was starving too, but she'd eaten before leaving and had a granola bar stuffed in her pocket. They had smoothies last night and could usually last longer than her, but the amount of energy they expended must have drained them quickly.
"I’m fine. Don’t give me that look. I’ve been taking care of myself for a long time now. Don’t need my daughter to fuss over me like I’m in my dotage."
Tessa hid her grin. At least he didn’t sound like he’d pass out on her.
Wendy sat up and yawned. "Is it safe to leave now? I could use a shower."
"I think so." Tessa strode toward the house and tested the front door. "It’s locked."
The two had walked up behind her. Serus said, "Good. Let’s head home."
The return journey was faster than she’d expected, and they were home in just under two hours.
The house was full.
Her mother came running. "There you are."
Serus gave her a warm hug. "Time ran out and we had to hide out."
Rhia cast a long look at Tessa’s face, the worry easing from her features. "That’s what we figured. Goran isn’t back yet either."
"Really?" Tessa frowned. The fliers should have made it home in half the time. "That’s not good. They should have been home a long time ago."
"We were just organizing a search party. We haven’t heard from them since dawn."
Serus straightened. "Let’s go. There’s no time to lose."
She nodded. "Tessa, you need to eat and rest. There’s a whole group of people here who are going to be waiting with you."
"That’s nice. They can wait without me."
"Don’t you start," bellowed Serus. "Haven't you had enough excitement for one night?"
"Absolutely. However, as Jared may not get a second night, I’m not going to bail on him because I might be tired. Cody could also need help. For all we know, the fliers found something. Or worse, someone found them. I’ll grab something to go, thank you very much."
Father and daughter glared at each other.
Rhia stepped between them. "No. You’re not going this time. This could be dangerous."
Tessa snorted. "Like it hasn’t been already? Jacob has likely betrayed us. Or did it escape your notice that he didn’t return with us?"
At the shocked look on her mother’s face, Tessa shrugged. "I saw him standing with several men after Dad and Wendy were locked in a basement. I’d left the three of them together while I scouted the outbuildings in the daylight. When I came back after doing a search, Jacob stood outside with two other men. They searched the outbuildings, presumably for me." She glared at her father. "So I’m coming. Don’t talk to me about danger."
Her mother gasped and turned to Serus. "Is she right?"
"I don’t know. I didn’t see Jacob with anyone. All I know is after he went to look for another way out, we never saw him again. Then Tessa showed up and told me about this." Serus held up his hand to forestall both women from speaking. "We can’t assume anything at this point." He patted Rhia’s shoulder. "Maybe the house belongs to friends of his and he headed them off to protect us."
"Did you consider that he might have been captured? That maybe he’s in danger right now?" Rhia spun around to face the gathered crowd. "What am I going to say to his father?"
"I haven’t seen Bret in weeks – if not months. Matter of fact, Marie hasn’t been around much either."
Her parents' gazes locked.
Tessa hated that. They always seemed in sync. Telepathy wasn’t something vampires were known for, but long-time unions tended to develop the skill over the years. Not only was it freaky to those on the outside, but it made her envious. What she wouldn’t give to have someone who knew her so well that speech wasn’t required.
David walked over to them, studied the intent look on his parents' faces, and sighed. "Whenever you’re done? Hello?"
His mom blinked. "Oh, I’m sorry. We’re just discussing some things."
"Yeah, we know. Can we get this show on the road? Cody is in trouble," David snapped.
"How do you know that?" Tessa grabbed his arm. "Did you hear from him?"
"Just got a text in. He's locked inside some weird mausoleum of a house with self-locking doors up in the hills."
Serus's face darkened. "I might know the place. Let's go." He turned to Rhia. "You and David drive. I don’t want all of us arriving from the same direction. Just in case."
"I'm coming. You can’t go alone. Mom and David can drive. And we’ll probably still beat them. What about Seth? Can he come? He’s a great glider."
"He's been called out on an emergency at work. At the time, there was no reason to keep him home. Tessa, honey, you can't jump again. You have to be exhausted!"
At the reminder, Tessa could feel her muscles screaming, especially her upper thighs. "I'm sore, but I'm not injured." She tapped her foot impatiently. "All right already. Let's go."
She raced inside the house for a quick visit to the bathroom. At the last moment, she folded a swatch of toilet paper and stuffed it in her pocket. Better to be prepared and all that. Exiting via the kitchen, she stuffed her pockets full of granola bars and snatched an apple and a banana from the fruit bowl on the counter. The banana she peeled and scarfed down as she walked back outside. The apple she stuffed into another pocket.
"Your father just suggested that we all drive."
Tessa shook her head. "If we drive, Goran might miss us. He can track us much better if we're airborne."
Serus paused in the act of getting into the front seat of the family Land Cruiser. "Damn. She's right, Rhia. We're going to have to jump to make sure we don't miss them."
"Serus, no. She can't go out again. You know she doesn't have the strength or endurance for this..."
Tessa never heard the rest of the complaint. Instead, she took a running jump and landed on top of the fir tree at the back of the property. "Coming, Dad?"
"Serus?" Rhia wailed.
Tessa watched her father land gracefully a few branches below her. "Think you're so smart, do you? Well, I've still got a few tricks to teach you. Let's go." He hopped to the top of a large telephone pole and gracefully ran across the wires to the next pole. Within seconds he'd reached the middle of the next block.
"Well, are you coming or not? You don't want them to beat us, do you?" he called back softly.
"Hell, no." But Tessa still had her work cut out for her as she watched her father glide ahead. Damn it. How did he do that? By the end of the fourth block, she realized she'd forgotten to switch her vampire vision on. With that open and functioning, her ability to judge the distances smoothed out. She landed easier and could take off faster. A giggle escaped. Two nights ago, she'd have sworn that she'd never be pole hopping with dear old dad. Yet here she was.
Her giggle turned into laughter as she managed the next three horizontal jumps more smoothly. Now she felt like shewasflying.
"Hey, that's not bad. Maybe you just needed to get some practice."
She stopped to catch her breath one pole away from him. "And I needed to switch to vampire vision." Their voices carried easily in the evening air.
"You really have to turn it on and off? Why not just leave it on all the time?"
"Because I can't see in daylight with my vampire vision and human vision gives me a longer viewing distance."
"It's better?" He reared back, obviously shocked at the concept.
"Not better – different." She took a bite of her apple while she thought about that. "The colors are stronger with vampire eyes and I have better peripheral vision with my human sight." She shrugged. "When I open them both at the same time, I see so much more."
"There's your answer then." He floated to the next pole. "Keep them both on all the time."
For the next hour, it took all of Tessa's energy to keep up with her father. He'd picked up the pace as they came to the end of the poles and moved cross country toward the mountains. Treetops to roofs to sheds to high voltage stations. That last one had made her gulp. Still, after watching him barely touch down before floating onward, she decided to not think about it and just followed his lead.
After another ten minutes, she glanced back, surprised to see that not only was the house long gone, but so was the town. They'd covered miles already. The air had chilled, too. Her jumping style had changed as well. Without realizing it, Tessa had started to copy yet another smooth move of her father's. He touched a bough, then slipped off to the next tree, landing without expending the energy needed for a full stop.
She couldn't ignore a sense of pride at his moves – or with her ability to keep up with him. She might not have his skills, gracefulness, or experience, however, she was making up for all three with sheer guts and determination. Her crab walk had developed into something that was similar to her father’s moves but with a style all her own. That had to count for something.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Tessa had to admit that once again she'd misjudged her abilities. Fatigue had made her legs shake and her landings were no longer graceful. More like firewood hitting cement.
"Come on over here. We’ll take a quick break."
She couldn’t hide the relief on her face when she landed beside her dad. "How much further?"
"Not much. The house should be in the next half mile. I just wanted to make sure you understand that things could get dicey, depending on what we find when we get there."
"I didn't choose this, Dad, but once trouble came calling––"
"Don’t think that I don't appreciate the determination and the courage you’ve shown. I just wish the reason was different."
"Me too. Now shouldn't we finish this last half mile?"
He just stared at her and shook his head.
"What? You don't want Mom to beat us, do you?"
"Hell, no. She'd never let me live it down."
Tessa grinned. The competitiveness between her parents had provided many funny moments over the years.
"Then lead on."
He glared at her and took off in a smooth glide.
Alone, she allowed herself a moment of weakness. Just one. Then, digging deep, she followed at a slower pace. They reached their destination a short moment later. She landed on the roof of a huge house that sat in complete darkness, hidden by large trees. Sunlight would have a hard time reaching this place.
What a perfect vampire house. Many of her vampire relatives had similar places on the edge of town, only not as imposing or as large as this one.
"Quite the place." Tessa couldn't help admiring the sheer size of the mansion.
"Yeah. It's been in Moltere's family forever. I can't sense him here at all."
"Did he live alone? Have a family?" Tessa asked.
"He lost his partner over a century ago. To my knowledge, he never did find another one. As for children…there were some. I can't say I remember the details. I suppose I should have kept track. ‘Understand thy enemy’ and all that. We all just tried to forget that he'd even existed."
"Until now." Tessa walked across the large roof looking for vehicles or any sign of occupants. "I'm not sure anyone is here at all. Could Cody be anywhere else?"
"Possibly." Serus walked to the other end and stared off in the distance. "Those headlights should be your mother’s."
"S we did beat them."
"Of course." The two exchanged smirks. Triumphant partners.
Tessa's smirk dropped away. There'd been no triumphs for Jared yet. Or Cody. And Cody was here because he had helped her, believed in her when no one else did. She walked to the edge of the roof and looked down. "So now what? Go in through the front door?"
"How else?"
Tessa pointed. "Through the decks, maybe. An element of surprise, just in case."
He joined her at the edge, glanced at the deck she'd pointed out, and nodded in surprise. "Not bad."
They landed softly and tried the glass knobs on the French doors. Both opened easily.
"Guess no one’s worried about intruders, huh?" Tessa peered inside.
"They’re open because who is there for Moltere to be concerned about? He’s the one that used to cause all the trouble."
Serus had walked through what appeared to be an office and out into the main upstairs hallway while he spoke. Tessa followed, awestruck by the grandest house she’d ever been in. "Wow," she whispered at the size of the oil paintings covering the large walls. The ceilings were vaulted and covered with fancy scrolls.
The upper hallway was edged by a beautiful railing. When she looked over it, she could see all the way down. Magnificent, yet a little cold. The house was so vast it should have been filled with kids and staff. Laughter and conversation should echo throughout – instead, it felt empty. Unloved.
Her father walked through the upstairs hallway and opened four doors, checking for signs of life in each room. Nothing. She waited for him to join her. "Down a level?"
"Yes. I’d like to be on the main floor before the rest of the family gets here."
"Right."
They moved like clockwork, going from floor to floor, checking every room. Nothing. At the main floor there was a huge entranceway. Footprints in the dust shone in the moonlight. Tessa pointed them out. "Cody's energy is on those. So theyarehere somewhere."
"Let’s go." Leading the way into the kitchen, they checked every door and room they passed. Nothing. In the kitchen, there were many confusing footprints. Tessa pointed to one door on the side. "That probably leads to the basement."
"And the last place we have to check."
Tessa moved toward the door. "I don’t think we should both go down. Remember last time?" She turned the knob. "It’s locked."
"That’s likely where they’ll be then."
She tested the knob. "We need to open this. But quietly, in case anyone is here." She turned to face him. "Can I have your credit card? I want to try and use it to unlock the door."
"What? Why?"
The look he shot her would have been priceless under different circumstances. Most vampires had picked up the human monetary system as it was simple and effective. Now that so many vampires had turned to business, it was also convenient. He pulled out his wallet and handed her his gold Visa. She sighed, turning it over in her hand. Too bad they weren’t shopping. She could do some serious damage to this card.
She’d never tried this trick herself, but had overheard David telling Cody how to do it.
Bright lights swept through the living room and hallway.
Tessa froze.
"That’ll be your mom. I’ll go get her. When this is all over, we’re going to have a talk about you and locks, young lady."
"No problem. As long as David is part of the conversation."
Tessa bent over the lock. What had he said? Something about slipping the card between the door and wall, turning the handle ever so slightly and…snick.The door opened.
"Wow, double wow and triple wow," she whispered. Pocketing the precious card, she pulled the door open and flicked the light switch. She stared down at the incredibly long narrow staircase. She could hear her parents talking as they approached.
"Where’s Tessa?" her mom demanded.
"She’s trying to pick the lock on the basement door."
"She’s what?" Tessa cringed at the outrage in her mother’s voice. "How could she possible know how to do such a thing?"
"Oh, we’ll find out; don’t you worry."
"Like I'm going to wait for that," Tessa muttered. As her parents rounded the corner, Tessa stormed down the stairs. The stairs that went on forever.
"Hey, wait up." David raced down behind her. "What’s the rush?"
She didn’t bother turning around. "Them. Always thinking I’m a baby."
"Huh. I think you blew that out of the water a day ago when you insisted on going after your friend."
"What?" Tessa paused at a landing and waited for him to catch up with her. She couldn’t see anything below her but more steps. "They always act like I don’t know anything."
"I’m sure most parents think that their kids don’t know how to pick a lock." He paused to catch his breath. "By the way, how did you learn to do that?"
She smirked. "I overheard you and Cody talking about it." She raced down the stairs. "These steps need to end soon. We have to be hundreds of feet underground by now." She finally came to the last step. "Any news from Cody?"
"No. I haven’t heard back from any texts I sent. Either he can’t or… he can’t."
"If he’s here, we’ll find him. And if he's not here, we'll still find him…just somewhere else."
David jumped the last couple of steps to land beside her. "This place looks empty."
"Empty doesn’t mean empty anymore." She quickly filled him in on the floor from the other house that had dropped away and the stone wall that had lifted and let the water rush in. "I’m certainly learning that vampires are a devious lot."
"How do you think we stayed at the top of the food chain for so long?"
"Great." She grimaced. "Let’s check this level out."
Ten minutes later, they’d circled once, looking for obvious rooms, hallways, or any way forward. Nothing.
"They’re not here."
"Maybe and maybe not." Tessa focused, or maybe defocused was a better way to describe the blending of her two types of visions, to discern the energy patterns on the floor. Five minutes of searching high and low and …nothing. "You're right. There's nothing here."
"Let’s go tell Mom and Dad."
Tessa looked up the long set of stairs and sighed. "I’m going to jump if it’s all right with you."
"Go for it. I’ll run."
Tessa snorted. "Now that sounds like work." She took a jump and then another and another, going up more steps each time. She stopped on the landing where she’d waited for David earlier. She was gathering her energy for the next jump when something caught her eye. She spun around and crouched at the bottom of the back wall.
Energy. Pale, misty energy pooled at the bottom edge. From that position, she searched the stairs in both directions. Cody's energy had gone this far, but no further. "Someone was here."
David raced up to her. "What did you find?"
"Cody stopped here. There's another energy line mixed with his. Probably Jewel's."
"Here? Then where is he?"
Tessa ran her hands over the stone walls, searching for that telltale crevasse. Yes. The door ran the full length of the landing. "There’s a door here."
"What? Where?"
She grabbed David’s hand and showed him the cracks delineating the break in the stone pattern. "Somehow, this must move."
"You think Cody is behind it?"
"Someone is – or was, at least."
"Let’s get it open then."
They bent their heads, searching for any mechanism that could open the door.
"David? Tessa?" her father’s voice drifted down the long stairwell.
Tessa lifted her head. "Dad, we’re down here on the landing. Looks like another hidden door."
"We’re coming down."
"No, don’t do that. If we’re all stuck down here, we won’t be able to get out."
"Your mother is going to stay up here." A heavywhooshand Serus landed beside them. "So what did you find?" he asked.
Tessa frowned. "Not sure. The energy is at the bottom. We found a break in the walls as if there's a door, but again, there's no visible latch to open it."
***
Cody sat with his head bent over his knees. He hated any sensation of weakness – he was male after all. His dad said it was from all the growth spurts and getting his wings. He’d told Cody that his strength would come back bigger, better, and stronger. He hoped so. Felt like he sucked at everything right now.
Jewel lounged beside him. She'd probably dropped off to sleep. He wished he could. Worry wouldn't let him though. He could only hope David had gotten the text message. Otherwise, he had no idea how to get out of here. He closed his eyes and rested. A weird sound caught his attention.
What was that? He bolted to his feet and spun around. The stone room was empty, the same as it had been when they'd first entered. How could they have known that the door would shut behind them like that?
Was he hearing voices?
He nudged Jewel awake. "I think someone's here."
She shuddered. "Good guys or bad guys?"
He grinned at the joke they'd been tossing back and forth to keep themselves entertained. To keep the panic at bay. "No idea. Maybe we should be ready for either."
"Yeah." They stood side by side, both tense and aware of the stakes. With their eyes on the wall, they waited for the door to open.

CHAPTER TWELVE
"Tessa, can't you open this door?" Her father pounded on the stone under his fist.
"I'd love to. But I haven’t found the mechanism yet. It's not the same as the one at the last house, and there's no knob or anything similar." Tessa glared at the wall. Her exhaustion dragged at her – she really wanted to be soaking in a hot bath with bubbles up to her chin.
Pissed, she lashed out and kicked the wall. Hard.
"Shit!" She hopped around on one foot while the two males watched her in amazement. The wall groaned and creaked before swinging open.
"Wow!" David shot her an odd look before racing inside. "Hello? Anyone here?"
"David? Oh thank heavens." Jewel ran up to him, gave him a quick hug, then tugged on his arm to drag him back out of the room.
Cody joined them, pushing everyone out of the room. "We have to get out of here. The door shuts on its own. Thank God you got my message." Cody smacked David's shoulder.
David grinned and flexed his biceps. "Yeah, you're not kidding."
"Hey, Tessa. Didn't think I'd see you here." Jewel smiled tentatively at Tessa.
David laughed and said proudly, "She's the one who figured out how to open the door."
"Yeah," Tessa snorted. "That took brains. I kicked it because I was angry that I couldn’t figure it out."
They all grinned at her.
"Where are Goran and Ian?" Serus looked at the empty room behind them. "Aren't they with you?"
Cody quickly filled them in. He told them the two men had not shown up at the arranged time. He and Jewel had gone into this room off the stairs while searching for his dad, only to have the door close behind them.
Uneasiness crept over Tessa. This place was bad news. And they'd left her mom upstairs. Alone. She turned to the dark stairwell. "Let’s go. Mom's waiting."
She jumped effortlessly, maybe driven by apprehension. Before she'd really understood how, she stood at the top of the stairs. She beamed.So cool.Though she might not have the techniques down pat yet, she would with a little practice. She strode into the kitchen. "Mom…?"
"Where is she?" Serus stepped into the kitchen behind Tessa. "Rhia?"
No answer.
They looked at each other in horror.
"Oh, no!" In unison, they raced to the front door and stopped outside. Her car was there.
"Mom?" Tessa cried out. "Where are you?"
"Rhia?"
David, Cody, and Jewel arrived a few minutes later. Tessa had already searched the area around the front door.
Jewel shook her head. "She could be anywhere inside the house. We shouldn't panic yet."
"Right." David raced back inside.
"Wait. David, don't go alone. We need to stay paired up." Tessa hated the thought of anyone else going missing.
He paused at the entrance, nodded once, then motioned to Cody. "Let's go."
"We'll take the outside." Tessa motioned to Jewel and her dad. "Sorry, I know you're tired, Jewel, but..."
Jewel shook her head, already heading to the outbuildings. "Forget about that. Let’s find your mom."
The other three fanned out across the yard and methodically went through each of the outbuildings. It brought back a horrible reminder of the previous property. "There's no sign of her."
They raced back to the front of the house. At the entrance, Tessa called out at the top of her lungs, "David? Cody?"
David answered. "We're here."
The two teens raced down the wide staircase toward Tessa. "She's not upstairs."
"Let's check out the main floor." As a large group, they swept through the house for a second time. Nothing.
Back at the car, Tessa’s stomach heaved. If there was any food in there, it would have come back out a long time ago. As it was, a sense of hopelessness and loss slammed into her. Where could her mother have gone?
"Her purse is missing and so is her jacket. Whoever took her might have taken those items as well. Or let her grab them?" Serus frowned as he studied the empty car.
"I suppose." David looked doubtful but strode over to the car to look for anything else that might be helpful.
"Dad, they can't be far ahead of us. They haven't had time."
"She's right. We came straight up here. If they've taken Rhia, they could also have Goran and Ian. We were supposed to meet them at the front door, but they never showed up." Jewel wrapped her arms around her chest tightly. "What if the same person or group kidnapped everyone?"
Everyone stopped to stare at her.
"I was just thinking that same thing, only why would they?" Tessa couldn't get that question out of her mind. "It's one thing to kidnap a few hapless humans that people may or may not miss. But to kidnap vampires, particularly high profile ones like mom and Goran? That's suicide."
David butted in. "In fact, this whole mess is starting to look like a bad comedy film. We save someone only to find one of our group taken when we weren't looking. We all came to look for Jared, and now four of our original group are missing."
"Four?" Jewel turned to look at Cody. "Who else is missing?"
"My dad, Rhia, Ian and Jacob."
Tessa frowned. "Except Jacob didn't disappear. He was on the wrong side to begin with."
"Don't jump to conclusions." Her father’s voice was sharp as he walked around her mom's car.
"Then form your own opinions." Quickly, she told the others what she'd seen, gratified to see their faces darken with fury. "Exactly."
"There's no sign another vehicle came through this road." Serus studied the tracks on the ground leading up to the house.
"Then either she's still here – which is very possible given the timeframe – or they are all fliers and took her with them," David suggested logically.
"Except Dad and Ian are fliers themselves and would be hard to take away like that." Cody shook his head at the others.
"They could have forced them to fly on their own. Any kind of leverage – like threatening to harm you – and your dad would have gone easily," David pointed out.
Cody winced.
Tessa nodded. "It's possible, but I don't think that’s what happened. I can't see the energy, which would be floating around here if they had. My guess is everyone is still here somewhere."
"Then find them. Look for the energy. Surely if you can find Cody behind a secret door, you can track your own mother." Serus glared at Tessa.
Tessa's cheeks flushed at his words. "I'm working on it. If they're here, there has to be an energy trail showing what direction they went."
She walked a good thirty feet away from the group that stood watching her. But no pressure, of course. A blanket of midnight covered the stars. There was a refreshing stillness to the air, the coolness easing the mugginess from the day's heat. That might help her get a clearer picture. She turned around to face the others. Switching on both visions, she studied the bright lights of the group. Energy flashed and pulsed in a big ball because they stood so close together.
Because everyone had already wandered across the yard in search of her mother, energy sat low and wide, with new trails layered over older ones. She backed up further, looking for a heavy concentration of energy leading off in one direction. She walked around looking at the various pathways from different angles.
Damn it. They didn't have time for this. Jared had been missing for way too long already. Who knew how much longer he could survive? Had he even survived this long? She couldn’t let herself think about it. And where were Cody's dad and her own mother? Just the thought of them captive somewhere made her stomach heave.
She walked toward the others. The bulk of the glowing mass appeared to be white light. It took precious moments to see the different personalities. She could separate Cody's and Jewel's energy easily, as theirs looked slightly different, darker. Something about being fliers, she supposed, which meant if she saw Goran's energy then she might be able to find out where he'd gone.
Her dad's was heavier, thicker. David's was faster moving and resembled slim ribbon-looking waves. She stopped about ten feet away from them and studied the ground and the energy paths. The last outbuilding in the row had a heavy track of mixed energies. But everyone here had been looking for her mom.
A flierhadgone in there. That energy had a more masculine look. There was also a feminine energy.
Her mother’s.
She crouched lower to the ground and changed the angle so she could see the mist better. And then she knew. She bolted upright and raced to the outbuilding. "She’s gone in here."
Pounding footsteps followed her. She barely heard them over the thudding of her heart. What she hadn’t said was that her mother hadn’t been alone.
Arriving at the entrance first, her father wrenched open the double barn doors. The vacant space appeared larger, still empty like the first time she'd checked it.
Tessa was no longer fooled.
She stood at the entrance and studied the energy patterns as the others searched the area. Her mother had passed this way and stopped. From the look of the energy trail, she’d have to say her mother went down.
Where and how?
"Tessa?" Serus walked up to stand beside her.
"It looks like the floor again."
"Really." Her dad crouched down to stare at the plank floor, as if it would give up its answers that way. "Any idea where?"
Tessa walked forward a few steps. "It's almost like the whole floor moves. I don't get it."
There was energy everywhere. Yet all of it sat just above the planks. She walked back over to the doorway and searched the walls on either side. There had to be a lever or something here. A weird spot glowed on the left side. She placed the palm of her hand flat on the wall like she had the last time. Nothing. She pushed. Still nothing. Moving her hand slowly, her fingers spread apart, she searched the small area, certain there was something there.
"What are you looking for?" David spoke by her ear. She started, surprised to find everyone crowding around her.
"A way to open the floor."
"Open?"
"Raise and lower it then. Somehow, the floor moves."
Cody reached above her and placed his hand flat where hers had been. He pushed hard. Instantly, the sound of gears had them all spinning around. The entire floor descended – with them on it.
David backed up, only there was no place to go. "Okay, this is beyond weird. Shouldn't someone stay above in case we get locked in down here?"
Tessa suggested, "I think this time we should all stay together. Every time we split up, we lose someone."
"Besides," said Cody. "It may take all of us to get everyone out of here safely."
The floor moved at an incredibly slow pace.
"I presume this was used to move heavy equipment. That gear system is seriously engineered." Cody studied the large pulley system as the floor descended. "I mean this thing is old."
"Not that old." Serus crouched down to try to see where they were going. "Makes me realize how damn lucky we've been to not run afoul of more of his inventions." He turned and counted heads, as if reassuring himself that they hadn't lost someone else. "When Moltere was under fire from the rest of the vampire clans, he was rumored to have built a lot of self-defense systems and getaway chambers. I thought the gossip was all rumors."
The floor came to a gentle rest so slowly that it took a moment for everyone to realize they'd stopped moving.
Another empty room.
Tessa headed for the door on the far side, not bothering to explain. She could see the energy wisps, proving she was on the right track. "This way."
A flat steel door with a short handle faced them.
"Damn." Tessa fished in her pocket for her dad's credit card again and slid it down the seam to find the locking mechanism. After a few frustrating minutes, she realized she couldn't open this door. "This isn’t working. I can't get it open."
"Step aside. Maybe I can rip it off its hinges." Her father grasped both sides of the steel door and pulled. The steel didn’t budge. He refused to give up.
Finally, Tessa tapped him on the shoulder. "It’s not doing anything."
He glared at her. "Then what do you suggest?"
"I don't know," she admitted. "It has to open somehow."
David leaned closer. "Sure, with a special key like sound, electricity, pressure...the options are endless." David studied the lever.
"Well, we have to figure it out. Mom's behind this door." Tessa's frustration was mounting. Rescue was so close and yet so far.
"And just how do you suggest we do that?" David’s sarcasm was getting to be a pain in the ass.
She’d had enough. "I don’t know, David. Feel free to step up to the plate anytime."
"That’s enough," Serus snapped at them. "Worse case is we have to wait until someone else comes in or out."
Cody frowned at the steel door in front of them. "Yep, I considered that but was hoping we'd find another way."
Too tired and confused to make any more decisions, Tessa sat down on the floor and waited for the others to decide. She’d gotten them this far. Someone else would have to get them inside.
***
Jared waited until the nurse left before sitting up. A young, incredibly skinny male somewhere around Jared's age slept in the bed beside him. Jared waited until he saw signs of movement from the kid. "Hey, are you awake?"
"Yeah, for a little bit, then the drugs will take over." The male yawned. "I’m Bryce."
"I’m Jared. How long have you been here? Isn’t there any way to get out? Like I don’t want to just be a milking machine for the rest of my life."
"No one’s ever gotten out of here. Except for the last guy."
"Who?" Jared could hardly keep his voice down. "How'd he get out? Do you know if he made it?"
"Nah, he died."
"What the hell?" Anger surged through Jared. "How can you be so complacent? Don’t you want to escape?" He glared at the open door. "This is brutal. I’m too young to end up like this."
"Maybe." Bryce was silent for a long moment. "I bet you don’t have much in the way of family and no one is going to care if you don’t come home." He suddenly looked at Jared in the eye. "Am I wrong?"
Shit.Jared’s uncle would be happy if he never saw him again. He slowly shook his head. "No, you’re probably right. They might wonder when I’ll walk through the door again, but less and less as time goes on."
"Right. Even if they go to the police, chances are good that you’ll be listed as just another runaway, like so many of the others here."
Jared paled at the thought that there were more like him out in that horror factory. "That is so wrong."
"Like they care. Something about being on the top of the food chain." Bryce’s eyes flitted closed.
Jared rushed to ask another question before he lost Bryce to the drugs. "What about you? Why aren’t you out there?"
"I overheard them mention that my blood isn’t flowing like they want it to."
"Oh. How long have you been here?"
"Damned if I know. What day is it?"
Jared had to think about it hard. "I think it’s Sunday night – or maybe Monday?"
"Yeah and what month?"
"August."
"Then I’ve been here since around Valentine’s Day."
Jared fell back on the bed in shock. Dear God, please no.
"Although I don’t know about the year. But don't tell me that. I don’t want to know."
Jared bolted upright. "How can you say that? Surely someone will rescue us."
"Yeah?" Bryce hawked up spit from his throat. "Who?"
"I don’t know. My friends? I was out with them when I was kidnapped. I’m sure they're worried."
"Worried maybe, but enough to go to the police? I doubt it. Even if they did, we’re back to that whole scenario of you being a troubled teen who’d had enough and ran away."
"I can’t believe no one cares."
"That’s why this has worked for so long. Some of these people have been here for years, decades even."
Jared gulped. "Decades?" he whispered.
Bryce looked at him. "Decades," he said. Then he lay back down and pulled the blankets up over his shoulders.
"I don’t get why you’re so calm."
"Must be the drugs. Besides, the alternative is death. I think I’ll stay in suspended animation. I don’t have to worry about meals, where I’m going to sleep, or how I’m going to pay for my drugs. They’re all free here." He chuckled at his own words, and before they’d tapered off he started snoring, leaving Jared shell-shocked.
Could anyone’s life be so bad that this place would be considered an improvement? He pulled back the covers, only to realize that he had a catheter attached to a urine bag and his right arm had an IV connected to a pole. Was it safe to just pull all this stuff out?
The door opened just then.
"Whoa, where are you going?"
Jared pretended to be half asleep. "Water, need water." He pretended to have trouble swallowing.
"We’ll get that for you. You just lie back down again." Two men came in behind the nurse and helped him back under the covers. The nurse adjusted something on his IV. More drugs, he thought bitterly. He lay down as if ready to sleep, hoping they wouldn’t increase his medication.
"Thanks," he whispered after his drink and rolled over.
The nurse covered him up and patted him gently on the back. "Go back to sleep. You’ll feel better in the morning."
He doubted that. What difference would a night make?
Two orderlies moved over to Bryce's bed and wheeled it out of the room. Jared wished he knew why. He watched under his almost closed eyes to make sure everyone left. They left the door open. His heart pounded. Why had they done that? To hear if he moved?
Or had they forgotten about the door because they were moving a captive? The thought of escape tantalized him. Could he get out? He’d rip the damn needles from his body if it meant freedom.
After ten minutes without feeling any sleepier, he figured the nurse hadn’t increased his drugs. No one came in or out. Maybe they didn't need to be in the room to see him. To monitor him.
Why hadn’t he considered cameras before? Is that what had brought the nurses into the room? He rolled over as if still asleep. There was a camera at the far end directed toward his neighbor's side of the room. So that’s what had happened. When his buddy started to move around, they’d came running. Could he be out of camera range? Not with the lousy luck he’d had so far.
Chances were they'd come back and check on him.
Speaking of which, they had yet to give him his test results. They probably wouldn’t.
One didn’t discuss outcomes with lab rats.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
"You okay, Tessa?" Her dad crouched down by her side, concern evident on his face. He reached out to stroke her shoulder gently.
She managed a tiny smile. "I’m fine. Just a little tired and a whole lot worried. I want Mom found safe and sound." She didn’t want to admit the last two days had taken a toll on her. Sitting in the bare room only big enough for the descending floor with only one door in or out hadn't exactly instilled confidence that they'd make it any further.
"Do we know if there’s another way in? Has that been checked out?" Tessa pulled her knees up to her chin and rested her head. Her mind spun with ideas. "What about knocking? Maybe they’re expecting someone?"
"Knock?" David laughed sarcastically. "If they can hear knocking, they'd have heard us already. We haven't exactly been quiet."
Serus stood up and ran his long fingers through his hair, staring down at Tessa.
Tessa closed her eyes, letting the others talk it out. They’d let her in on the final decision.
"Tessa?"
"Yeah, I’m here…just thinking."
"Sleeping is more like it." Cody scoffed.
David plunked down beside her. "I know you’re tired, but we can’t give up now. Mom needs us."
Tessa reared back. "Closing my eyes while you guys think about what to do is not giving up." She hopped to her feet. "Damn it, don’t you think I feel responsible? She’s in trouble because I insisted on searching for Jared."
"Hey," David stood up, wrapping his arm around her shoulders. "I didn't mean to upset you." He squeezed her shoulders. "You're not in any way responsible for what happened to her. Don't you ever think that."
She searched his eyes, wanting to believe him yet having trouble doing so. "We have to get her back. Safe. And now." Tessa strode to the door and pounded hard on the steel surface with her fists.
"Shit. Tessa, what are you doing?" Jewel hissed as she slammed back against the wall and out of sight in case the door swung open. The others rushed to line up beside her.
Serus placed a calming hand on Tessa’s shoulder. "Move, Tessa. Just in case someone does come. They won't question the presence of an adult as much as they will a teenager."
"Well, they’d better come. This is ridiculous. I want mom back." She pounded on the door again. Then kicked it several times, belatedly remembering how the stone wall had opened.
Snick.The door swung open.
Tessa turned to the others triumphantly. "There. Nothing like a good kick to get the job done."
Serus stared in astonishment. "What the…?"
"She did it!" crowed David.
"Shhh.Let's go." Cody jumped through the opening and disappeared from sight.
The others entered single file, with Serus bringing up the rear. Another long passageway, again with stone walls all around. Followed by another long set of stairs. Tessa couldn’t believe it. Who built all of this?
"Unbelievable," she whispered to Jewel as they crept along. "What is this place?"
"I don’t know. But it's beyond creepy."
Tessa ran her hands along the smooth walls. "Makes me wonder how long ago this place was built."
The men stopped in front of them. Tessa tried to see over Cody’s shoulder. Another door.
"Just kick it."
David glanced over his shoulder at her then back at the door. His big boot lashed out and he kicked the door in approximately the same place where she had kicked the last one.
The door opened silently.
They entered the next room to find computer screens along one wall, with rows of sterile office desks and computers filling the rest. No people – no vampires. Nothing on the desks or floor to say anyone worked there. There were no windows either. Artificial lights hung overhead. Darkness and gloom hung over the room. The only sounds were the ones they made.
Tessa strode to the screens on the wall. Each monitor showed a small section of some kind of warehouse. She bent her head closer. Her heart thudded in her chest. Shock and horror slammed into her. "Are those people?"
"Where?" Everyone crowded around her.
"Oh no!" Jewel’s agonized whisper floated in the air around them. "They’re humans."
"What are they doing?"
Serus moved to a different monitor. His face grayed. "They’re not doing anything. They can’t. I think this is another blood farm."
"A blood farm?" David peered closer, confusion twisting his features. "Then these people aren’t alive?"
"Yes, they are. They’re probably in a drug-induced coma."
Tessa studied the people suspended in some weird apparatus. Tubes went into one arm and came out the other. Probably vitamins, nutrients and minerals in; blood out.
David shook his head, his eyes wide with disbelief. "God, I hope these people don’t know what’s going on."
"I hope Jared isn’t one of those," Tessa whispered.
"Most likely he is." Her father’s grim voice sliced through the air. "We need to find your mother before they make a decision as to what to do with their unwanted visitor."
"How will we find herhere? This place is huge." Tessa moved from screen to screen. She couldn’t help feeling overwhelmed at what they faced.
Cody placed a hand on her shoulder. "We'll find her. There can't be too many people working here. Everything is automated. Look at the machines attached to each person. It would take very few people to keep this system running."
"Why aren’t they in beds or something? It looks like they’re covered in saran wrap." A shudder rippled down Tessa's back. These poor people.
"Probably to keep a sterile environment." Cody walked around the room to check the other monitors.
Jewel whispered behind her, "Are they nude?"
Tessa leaned in for a closer look. "Yes, they are. Completely."
"Oh Lord." Jewel gasped and closed her eyes briefly. Looking very pained, she added, "That’s a lot of flesh down there."
"No. It’s a lot of human suffering. That’s all I see." Tessa strode over to the computers. "Are these monitoring the people’s vital signs? Like an alarm system or something?"
"It’s a control center, but I think it’s the backup one. There should be a main system close to the rows of people for medical and security personnel to use." Cody stopped in front of one monitor. "Look, there's someone in a bed."
"Maybe a new arrival?" David suggested.
Tessa raced over to see if it was Jared. "I can't make out his features."
"Could also be someone sleeping after his shift." Jewel shivered and stayed close to David.
"Look!" Tessa pointed at the farthest monitor to the left. "There’s someone walking around down there."
David joined them. He pursed his lips then tapped the screen. "It could be a doctor or a nurse. They appear to be checking on that person. It’s probably like a first aid station or something."
Cody tapped a screen. "Where’s the security?"
"There may not be much." David glanced over at her. "Look around this place." He motioned to the computers and monitors. "It practically runs itself. No army needed here. No need for high security either. No one knows it exists, and even if they did, who could find it?"
"So where are mom and the others?" Tessa asked.
"I’m searching. I can sense her and Goran but can't reach them mentally." Serus studied the last row of monitors. "They could be almost anywhere. I doubt the entire place is under camera scrutiny."
Tessa walked around the room, overwhelmed at the concept and sheer size of the operation. "Is it even safe to unhook all these people? Will they die if we do?"
"I want to know what they are doing with all the blood. I’ve hardly tasted human blood and didn’t like what little I did have – so who is getting all this? And how? Do they have some sort of milk truck or something for storing and moving it all?" David studied the monitors, fascinated.
Cody wandered around. "The logistics required for an operation of this size would be unbelievable. It can’t be just Moltere. There have to be dozens of people and vampires involved, possibly hundreds. What if we’re in the minority? And everyone around us outside is involved?"
"No." Serus’s voice brooked no argument. "The black market is huge, but that doesn’t make those involved the majority. This sophisticated system shows years of planning and execution."
"How could no one miss these humans?" Jewel stared in horrified fascination at the rows and rows of suspended people. "How did all these people disappear and no one cared enough to search for them?"
"They could have been kidnapped anywhere around the world. You hear about human trafficking all the time. There is a huge network of smugglers, then there are thousands of runaways and the masses of homeless on the streets." Tessa pulled her jacket tighter around her belly. "I don’t think there’s any shortage of unloved humans – unfortunately."
"That’s horrible."
Tessa glanced over at Jewel’s face. Tears glimmered on the other girl’s cheeks. She was glad to see such compassion and caring from another vampire. "Yes, it is. Jared might have been targeted for that reason alone. Although he also might have become a target after seeing the vampires' faces at the movie theater."
"Doesn’t he have anyone that cares about him?" Jewel cried out in horror.
"Apparently not." Tessa couldn't remember Jared's exact words, only something about how his uncle wouldn't care if he never showed up again.
"Could the vampires have contacts within the human population? Human contacts giving over their own people?" Jewel’s eyes glistened with fresh tears.
David wrapped her up in a warm hug. "We’re going to help them. Don’t worry. We’ll get to the bottom of this."
Tessa watched the two of them. So that's how it was. She hid her grin. Then she caught Cody’s eye. She smirked at the look on his face. He already knew.
Then Cody winked at her.
Her eyes widened. Oh my goodness. Cody actually winked at her. She could feel the heat suffusing her cheeks again. She bent, hiding her face behind a curtain of her hair.
Her stomach danced with butterflies.
No. She admonished herself for losing focus. Jared first. Then she’d sort out these confusing feelings. A lot of things had changed for her these last few days.
That much?
Maybe. She stole another look in Cody’s direction. He looked at her. Instead of hiding, this time she straightened and smiled at him directly. His eyes widened, then he grinned.
Cool.
First things first. Spinning around, she cornered her dad. "Who can we call for help? The Council? The police? Someone? Anyone? This is a big operation. We need to take down all the tentacles, not just this center."
"I know. But let's get your mother first."
As much as she wanted her mother back safe and sound, she needed to know that this would never happen again. "Why not at the same time?" she countered. "We should call people to come as backup and to help clean up while we go in and save Mom and the others. These people are going to need help."
"They could be past that point, you know."
"I know, but I don’t want to consider that right now. We need humans to help us. This is too much for us to handle on our own."
Her dad frowned. "I don’t think it’s that simple."
"It’s only difficult if we make it difficult. Come on, Dad. This is beyond us."
Cody nodded. "Tessa’s right, sir. Even if we take this place down, the head honchos are just going to set up shop again somewhere else. They aren’t going to give up something this lucrative so easily."
Jewel gasped. Everyone spun around to look at her.
"Please tell me they don't have vampires hanging here?" Her voice rose in horror.
"I doubt it, Jewel. Why would they? Our blood is different." Tessa didn’t want to contemplate vampires feeding off their own.
"Then what about him?" She tapped the screen on the bottom corner. Everyone crowded around her. The camera focused on one single male.
Tessa frowned. "I’ve seen him before."
"Of course you have. That’s Daren. We saw a lot of him before he headed to Europe after his dad passed away a couple of months ago." Jewel’s jaw clenched on the last words. She wrapped her arms tightly around her chest as if warding off a chill.
David stared at the figure in the monitor. "Then why is he hanging beside those humans?"
It was Tessa who voiced the unspoken horror hanging heavily in the air. "Because he wouldn’t be missed."
***
Cody watched David with Jewel. And from the look on Serus's face, it was obvious this development was new to him too.
Now if only Cody knew why the hell he couldn’t take his eyes of Tessa. The kid sister of David – the Tessie thing – had disappeared long ago…somewhere around the time he noticed that Hooters outfit she'd worn at the Council house. Now he had trouble reconciling the two parts of a whole.
She kept surprising him. Like that energy stuff she kept seeing. Damn helpful, yet way weird. And then there was that locked door thing. Kicking it, yes, but in the right spot more than once?
Not a coincidence. At least not to him.
He turned around in the large room, staring and contemplating the planning and organizing that must have gone into it. This was a professional operation – on a massive scale. As a vampire, he could understand the lure of the product. However, as a modern one, raised without having tasted human blood, he abhorred the idea. He didn’t have any close human friends. Still, he knew many. He wouldn’t drink their blood – not if he didn’t have to for survival.
To keep these people suspended, kids like Tessa's friend, was just wrong. How long could they stay like this? Imprisoned until their bodies aged and could no longer pump out blood? He shook his head. This was murder. Long and slow. Plain and simple. And yet it was also so much worse.
"What about you, Cody?"
Cody shook his head, turning around to face the others. "What?"
"Cell phones don’t work down here. We need a flier to go for help."
Cody frowned. He was the strongest flier in the group. "I'm not leaving."
"You have to." Tessa walked over to stand in front of him, her eyes luminous in the dark. "You're the only one who can get there and back in time. If we don't let someone from the outside know about this, then what will happen if we get caught too?"
David held up his camera phone and said, "I've taken a bunch of pictures, but can't get them out of here."
Tessa pointed to the computers around them. "Can you download the pictures and email them to someone?"
"I don't have a cable or memory card with me."
Jewel held up hers. "I have mine."
"Cool." David snatched it out of her hand and went around all the monitors, taking a comprehensive series of shots detailing the images on the screens. Then he backed up to take wider shots of the control room.
"Who do I send them to?"
"Someone who can do something for us. And not just one person."
As the others turned to face her, Tessa explained. "We don't know how high up this goes."
Serus frowned. "Send it to Markus, Tatia and Cleary. Better add Sian to that list. Make sure you send a set home too."
That was good. He’d named three ancient families. Sian and Taz could be a real help here, too. Taz's medical expertise would come in handy with the humans.
"Do you have their email addresses?" David checked the desk computers, looking for a model not used for running the monitoring software. He found one at the back. He booted it up. "This one might have an internet connection, if not..."
"Jewel can try to send the pictures over her phone, but we won't know if they've gone out properly."
"It's no longer a problem," David crowed. "This computer has Internet. Makes sense, they have to connect to the outside world somehow."
He brought up the browser then opened to his email account. Taking the memory card out of Jewel's phone, he quickly downloaded the pictures into a specific folder and then compressed them. Within minutes, he had everything attached to the emails. "Okay, now what do I say?"
Everyone chimed in over and above each other as they brought up points to mention.
He read the draft aloud. "Good?"
"Yes, send them." Tessa couldn't help but glance around, a sense of urgency building inside her. "We’ve taken too long already."
"Done."
"Good. Shut down the machine and let’s go find your mother." Serus strode to the door, then turned back to David and asked, "Can you hide what you just did?"
"To a certain extent. I just cleared the history and the cache and deleted the pictures. I'm shutting it down now. Hopefully, that will fool anyone not specifically looking for trespassers. At least for a little while."
"Let's go then."
Everyone walked to the door. Tessa blurted out, "Do we all go? Shouldn't someone stay behind – just in case?"
"I'm not staying here." Jewel stood as close as she could to David without being on top of him. "I think we're better off sticking together. Safety in numbers and all that."
Serus nodded. "We'll stay together. It might take all of us to save your mother, as it is. If we can find Goran, he’d be a big help. The more on our side – the better the odds."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Tessa hated the thought that everyone might be walking into a trap.
With those pictures and the email cry for help, someone should come to their assistance soon enough. At least she hoped so. Taking a deep breath, she nodded. "Fine. Let's go."
Her dad gave her a long look then nodded, as if satisfied. "Everyone, quiet."
Tessa rolled her eyes.
He rolled his eyes back at her. Then he opened the door. The corridor on the other side appeared to be similar to the stone walls and floor they’d already passed.
They walked forward cautiously. The lack of ventilation or lighting added to the weirdness factor. A series of doors connected shorter hallways. The temperature dropped a bit lower in each one. By the time they'd entered the hallway, the atmosphere had cooled considerably.
The reason behind it was obvious. They stood facing rows and rows of suspended humans contained in some kind of vacuum-sealed bags. Each had tubes running forward and back from various machines. Though the temperature here wasn’t cold, she couldn’t imagine it was comfortable for them. Then again, they didn’t appear to be aware of their surroundings in any way.
"Wouldn’t a warmer temperature keep them alive longer?"
"I think the monsters in charge are more concerned about the product than the source," whispered Cody, pointing upward. Tessa tilted her head back to find large pipes entering some sort of vat with many more pipes exiting. "A blood cleansing process?"
"That is so gross. I didn’t like human blood before, but now I’m never going to drink any."
Jewel’s tone reminded Tessa of her human friend Susan, who’d vowed to be vegetarian after going to an abattoir.
"Where do we go from here?"
Serus had already started to move along the back wall toward a series of large doors ahead of him. The others hurried to keep up. Cody grabbed Tessa by the shoulders. "Remember the monitors in the computer room. That means there are cameras everywhere. Keep your face down in case we're being watched."
"Shit." It was all she could do to not look up and search for the damn things. A frisson of fear slid down her back at the thought of being watched. Up ahead, her dad held out his hand in warning. Then a soft intense look came over his face.
"Oh my God, he’s found Mom. Look, he’s talking to her telepathically," she whispered to Cody.
Thank heavens for that. Serus stayed still for another long moment while the others crouched behind a cart piled high with machine parts. Tessa shivered. The lack of food and sleep was giving her the shakes in this temperature. She huddled up close to the person next to her.
Serus moved back and squatted down beside them. "They’re being held on the far side. Stay down and we’ll sneak along the perimeter."
"Did she mention my father?" Cody's husky voice sounded against Tessa's ear, startling her. She realized that he was the one she’d huddled against.
"They are all being held together in the one room and they’re fine, although the thirst is starting to affect them." Serus stood up cautiously.
Tessa frowned. Being hungry in this place couldn't be easy. Vampires would respond to the metallic smell of blood, regardless of their discerning tastes. Even she would do the same if she went too long without food or wore herself down too much. And she hated the stuff. They needed to get out as soon as possible. Following Serus's lead, everyone stood up beside him. Tessa was thrilled when she realized Cody had left his arm around her shoulder.
"She also saw four guards, one huge male, and two more vampires working with the patients."
David did the math. "Seven against four."
"Not if we rescue our family and friends first."
"I’ll take those odds." Tessa had never fought but figured she could handle herself somewhat. Desperation did that, but with her jumping skills, she was liable to get away easier than the others – except for the fliers of course. "So go rescue Mom and then what? Take down the seven personnelthat we know ofand lock them up while we wait for reinforcements?"
The three males turned to stare at her. "Yeah, something like that. Only it won’t be quite that easy – these are vampires, not people. They are every bit as fast and as strong as we are."
Tessa knew that. She nodded. "Unless they are 'turned' vampires. Then who knows? Let’s go."
Just as they were ready to move, they heard voices.
***
Jared didn’t dare sit up again, not when it was likely to bring the nurses back. His window of opportunity was closing…fast. They could come for him at any moment. He’d already removed the catheter, almost passing out in the process. He could only hope removing the IVs wouldn’t be as bad. Under the cover of the sheets, he removed the tape holding the needles against his wrist, wincing as hairs tore off with it. One of the needles slipped out with the tape. Now for the other one.
Rolling his head into the pillow against the pain, he pressed the backs of his hands against the sheet to stop the bleeding.
Free for the first time, he searched for a weapon. Anything. The IV pole was feeble, but it was all he had available. Sliding out of bed, away from the camera's view, he grabbed a sheet off the bed and wrapped it around him like a toga. It wasn’t much, but maybe his clothes were here somewhere. He ducked down to check under the bed but found nothing. With no cupboards or furniture in the room other than the beds, he figured he’d have to go out Roman style.
He walked over to the open door and peered out.
A flash of movement on the left side had him pulling back. Someone was out there.Shit.He readied the IV pole and waited.
***
Tessa hunched lower, out of the men’s way. Neither she nor Jewel wanted anything to do with the fighting. She'd be happy to leave that part to the men. Between the cold temperature and the sinister location, her shakes hadn't eased. The absence of smells also bothered her. It was probably too cold for any to linger. Fans hummed in the background, an ominous reminder of the industrial level of this place.
She listened as footsteps came closer. Her father's fangs slid out. Tessa winced. He had some seriously long fangs. It came with his age and vampire lineage. She blinked.
And missed it.
It was over so quickly, so quietly, she didn’t understand what had happened until her father dragged the guy around the cart to her side. "Is he dead?" she whispered hoarsely. She winced at her father's glare. She'd take that as a yes. "That’s the short older guy from the house," she whispered. "He was with the really big pudgy guy. The big guy must be here too."
David groaned. "Why do the bad guys always come in extra large sizes?"
Her father bent down. "Come on, stay focused. Your mother says there's one guard in the room with them."
"Can't Goran and the others take him down?" David asked.
"No. They are tied up, I think. She said they were restrained."
Tessa didn’t want the details, she wanted the solution. "Come on. Let’s go."
Her father led the way, with Tessa right behind him. They managed to remain undetected as they traveled along the curved wall. Coming around the corner was a different story.
"Hey. Who are you?" A man in a lab coat walked toward them.
Serus stepped forward with a genial smile to greet him. "Sorry, son. Didn’t mean to scare you. Just came to check out my investment."
"Oh." The man looked around uncertainly. "We weren’t expecting anyone today."
"No, I wasn’t supposed to make it this early. But like most things in life, change happens." Serus smiled and chills ran down Tessa’s back. She’d never seen that look on her father's face.
Her father reached out as if to pat the guy on the back, but his hand clamped around the guy’s throat, pressing hard on the carotid artery. The guy slid toward the floor. Her dad caught him before that happened, then dragged him around a large laundry cart and dumped him behind it, out of sight.
"That’s two," David crowed.
Optimistic, they picked up their pace and made it around the corner to find a series of doors dotting the long wall. Tessa counted six. Two were open. "Can you tell which one Mom is in?"
"No. Just that she’s here somewhere. She's waiting for an opportunity to move on their guard, too."
"Good." David slipped around in front of them and casually opened the first door. He stuck his head in and pulled back. "Empty, except for long rows of beds."
They slipped down to the second door, with David once again opening it. He motioned for someone to go in with him. Cody followed him inside. Tessa and Jewel stared at each other wide-eyed when they heard muffled noises. Then David and Cody came back out. Something had changed. If they were Native Americans, then it would be like they went through a manhood ritual of some kind. There was a thirst in their eyes but they were calm, standing tall and straight. Tessa shook her head and smiled.
"Another one down."
The next door was open. A woman sat at a desk looking over sheets of paper stacked beside her. The men all looked at Tessa. Her eyes widened. "What?"
David answered. "It’s a woman; we don’t want to have to hurt her."
"But I do?" Shaking her head, Tessa dragged Jewel in behind her.
"Hello." The woman jumped up. "What are you doing here? Get out. No one is allowed down here." As Tessa steadily approached, the woman pulled out a phone. "I’m calling security."
"I don’t think so." Jewel hissed, her fangs sliding out as the other woman bared hers.
"You bitch."
Tessa picked up the chair as the woman went for Jewel. She crashed it down on her head.
The nurse crumpled. Tessa bent down, picked up the cell phone, and removed the woman’s set of keys from her pocket. Grinning, the girls made a fast exit and locked the door behind them. They were greeted by looks of respect when they faced the males again.
"Wow."
Tessa held up the keys. "Thought we might need these."
They raced to the next door to find it locked. Tessa tried several keys before finding the right one. She quickly unlocked the door and looked inside.
Her mother lay crumpled on the floor, her legs and arms tied behind her. Tessa ran in. "Mom! Are you okay?"
"Look out!"
Shit. Tessa had forgotten there was a guard. Spinning around, she barely saw Goran launch himself at the guard. Arms tied together, his fingers around the guard's neck. Serus stepped up, blocking Tessa's view. The guard slumped to the ground, unconscious.
Tessa shuddered and raced to her mother's side to make sure she was all right. She wrapped her in a warm hug.
"Honey, I’m so glad to see you."
Serus joined them and quickly undid the bindings to help his wife to her feet. "Take it easy when you stand up. It’s going to be painful as the blood moves through your limbs." He supported her gently, the love for his wife naked on his face. She gasped and leaned into his strength. With his arms around her, they looked so intimate that Tessa turned away to give them some privacy.
Goran wrapped an arm around Cody’s shoulders. His voice shook with emotion as he said, "Thanks, son."
"Hey Dad. I think you missed our meeting?"
They grinned at each other.
Serus looked at him over Rhia’s head. "We’ve taken out three men and one woman. How many more?"
Goran frowned. "Of those we know of, one badass, one unknown, and one of us. I’m going to kick that boy’s arse something fierce when I catch up to him."
"Jacob?" Tessa spun around at his comment.
Almost backing up in surprise, Goran glared at her. "You know about him?"
"I saw him talking to strangers when he shouldn’t have been – at one of the vampire holdings." She glanced toward the open door. "Is he here?"
"I don’t know. Saw him a while ago. Dumb punkass kid."
"If you can travel, we need to get going." Tessa shot Goran a questioning look.
He glared at her. "I amalwaysready to get down to business."
"Easy, Dad, Tessa’s had a hard day."
"Like how," snorted David, easing back to the front door. "My kid sister was kidnapped and when they gave her back to us she had this Wonder Woman thing going on."
Tessa grinned, pride straightening her spine. "Yeah, Wonder Woman. That’s me.Not."
Her mother reached over and gave her a quick hug. "I really want to get away from whatever the hell is going on here. We are not enforcers."
"Enforcers?"David turned back to face her, the question written all over his face. "Weren’t they like a vampire army that kept the peace among the clans?"
"They were. There are only a few of them left. Without the need for their skills any longer, they’ve pretty much disbanded."
"That’s too bad. That’s exactly who we need right now." Cody turned to face his dad. "Do you know any of them we could call for help?"
Goran hesitated. "Maybe, but there’s no guarantee they’d be on our side and not with this lot." He nodded out to the warehouse and its gruesome contents. "They believe human blood makes them fierce hunters." He exchanged grim looks with Serus. "Have you considered them?"
Serus glanced down at Rhia, who was gathered up tight in his arms. "No, I haven’t, and honestly, that thought is enough to make me want to pack up my family and run. That means there’s a war ahead. For all of us – with humans becoming the discarded, undervalued casualties."
"I don’t understand."
Tessa and David stared at each other. "You’re saying these old enforcers could be behind this factory?"
"Or they could be the beneficiaries of the blood."
Tessa’s eyes widened. "But how many are there? Surely they couldn’t consume this quantity?"
"Not unless someone is building an army of them."
***
Jared couldn’t stop his legs from trembling. He wouldn't make it out of the room in this condition. His feet had turned to mini glaciers.
There. Noise sounded next door to him. Footsteps approached.
He waited, his fingers tense on the makeshift weapon.
"The next door is open, I’ll check it out."
"I’m coming, too," a female voice said.
Jared closed his eyes and prayed. He didn’t want to die. But he really didn't want to endure this undead existence.
The footsteps sounded closer. A tall male entered, followed by a shorter one.
Jared swung. Hard.
"Ouch." Both men spun around. The pole bounced harmlessly off the first man's arm. Jared watched in horror as fangs slid down. He kicked out, helpless, as he was picked up and tossed onto his bed. His head bounced twice before he slid to the floor. So great was his disappointment, he barely felt the pain. He'd failed.
Jared lay staring up at the ceiling, defeated. He had no more energy for a second attempt. It was all over.
"Wait."
Jared heard a female voice. Almost recognized it. Then everything started to waver in front of him. The next thing he knew, Tessa was bending over him, a huge smile on her face. "Jared," she cried. "We found you."
He smiled at the vision. She’d dyed her hair again. And, damn, did she look good.
Just like an angel should.
He closed his eyes and let unconsciousness wash over him.
***
"You hurt him," Tessa accused Cody in outrage. "Why did you do that?"
"Because he beaned me with this." Cody held up the IV pole and shook it at her. "Besides, I hardly touched him. I just threw him onto the bed."
Tessa looked from the pole to him and sighed. "Okay, so you were justified in defending yourself. But look at him. He looks terrible."
Then she stopped and took a closer look. "Actually, he doesn’t look all that bad. They must be giving him vitamin injections or something."
Her mother dropped to the floor beside Jared. "This is the boy?" she asked as her hands ran over him quickly, looking for injuries.
"Yes, he’s the one." Tessa chewed on her bottom lip. She wished he’d wake up. They weren’t out of danger yet. She'd like to get a long way away before someone else came along. "Is he going to be okay?"
"I’m sure he will be."
Tessa glanced out the doorway to the macabre laundry line of hanging humans. "They were going to hang Jared up like those other people, weren't they? Put him in a plastic bag and turn him into a milking machine?" Anger burned inside, overwhelming the relief of finding Jared safe. They'd almost been too late. Look at what these animals had put him through. Put her through, for that matter.
Angry tears filled her eyes. She wiped them away.
"It’s all right, honey. We found him in time.Youfound him. You did good."
Tessa sniffled. She was so tired. And it wasn’t over. Not by a long shot. There were still a few assholes here to find and deal with, and all these poor humans to help. "Mom, will taking these people down kill them? Or do you think Taz might be able to save them? At least some of them?"
Rhia glanced at the rows and rows of suspended blood donors, then looked away quickly. A shudder rippled over her. "I don’t know sweetheart. I hope he can."
"If they’ve been up there for a long time, their muscles won’t work anymore, will they?" Tessa's voice thickened at the thought.
"They’d probably have to recover slowly, like a patient waking up after being in a long coma."
Tessa ran her hand over her face. "I guess the professionals will have to make that decision. They can't stay like this. It's obscene. They’re the real living dead."
"You think they'd be better off dead?" Rhia studied Tessa’s face. "I can see how most people would believe that." She glanced back at the men who’d finished checking the other rooms and were slowly returning to the group. Lowering her voice, she added, "This has been a hard couple of days for you, honey. But as tough as it's been, you've grown…matured. You've really come into yourself. And I, for one, am very proud of you."
Tessa's eyes filled with tears again. Her emotions were so close to the surface now. She smiled as she stared down at Jared, still lying on the cold floor. "I couldn't do anything less."
"And that's the change I see. I'm sorry it came through such painful circumstances, but you are better for it."
With a sniffle and a half smile of thanks, Tessa looked around. "He’s really cold. Isn't there anything warm he could wear?"
David piped up. "We found a storeroom with a bunch of clothing. Any idea of his size?"
Tessa shrugged.
But her mother leaned over with an assessing eye and said, "I wouldn’t worry about size too much. Better go with large. Get something warm with long sleeves. Oh, and make sure to look for socks, too." She busied herself with an extra blanket and tucked it around him. Placing the back of her hand against his forehead, she frowned again. "Serus, can you lift this boy back onto the bed? I don’t like his color."
Tessa cried out, "What’s wrong?"
Her mom reached over and pulled her out of the way. "I don’t know what they’ve been giving him, but he could be going through withdrawal from their drugs."
"Oh no." Too upset to say anything else, Tessa watched as her father bent down, scooped up Jared like he was a four-year-old, and carried him across the room to a clean bed.
David arrived with an armload of clothes. Rhia pushed Tessa and David out. "Serus, help me get him dressed, please. This boy is freezing."
Outside, Tessa wandered back and forth, refusing to look at the rows of humans hanging among the crazed network of tubing and piping. A weird pumping suction noise made her bones cold. The sound had something to do with the blood collection system. She so didn't want to know any more about that.
"Are you all right?" David walked up and hooked his arm through hers. "We found Mom and him thanks to you."
A wan smile appeared. "And to all of you. I can’t believe all this." She motioned to the mess around them. "So ugly. Shameful. Ihatethat our people created this."
He raised an eyebrow at her phrasing. "I know. I’m not feeling very proud either. Just remember, it’s notus. There are bad humans and bad vampires."
She closed her eyes and felt herself sway gently.
"Hey. Stay awake. There’s still a lot to be done."
A sudden thought hit her. "We still have to find the other guards too, don't we? Not to mention check on the ones we knocked out earlier. I don't want them to wake up and come after us." She spun around. "What are the chances that pudgy guy has gone for reinforcements?"
"Calm down. There are a lot more of us now. We can do this. Goran has gone with Cody, Jewel, and Ian to look for other vamps and move the ones we've already captured into a locked room. Mom and Jared can’t take much more. Not sure you can either." He studied her face, frowning. "You’re exhausted. But I have to tell you, you’ve done a fine thing these last two days, and I’m really proud of you."
Tessa stared at him. His words slowly penetrated the fog in her brain. She smiled slowly, brilliantly, some of her fatigue melting away at his words. "Thanks. It’s nice to hear."
"You deserve it. I’m not sure how you knew to kick the doors or how you can see this energy stuff… I’m just glad you had the skills to put into use when we needed them." He shook his head as if remembering her actions.
She grinned. "The kicks were easy. I was just mad. The energy stuff is something I’ve always seen. It never occurred to me that I saw things differently from you. My skills, as you call them, never showed up before because there was no need for them. I haven’t been trying to develop my vampire abilities because, well, I didn’t think I had any to develop."
"Jared owes you a lot. I’d never have believed this…" David waved his arm around, adding, "If you’d just told me. I’m glad I’m here to see it for myself."
"And I wish I’d never seen it. Chances are it will remain in my nightmares for decades."
"Mine too, Tessa. Mine too," he added softly. Wrapping his arms around her, he tugged her in for a brotherly hug. "Let’s go check on Jared."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Cody strode down the south side of the warehouse at his father’s side. He couldn’t help but feel a little cocky after rescuing his old man. Kinda made him feel like an equal. Ian strode along on the other side of his father, quiet as always. Jewel was almost running at Cody's other side to keep up. She was one of the rare short vampires. But then Jewel was unique in other ways. Like her coloring. Her hair was more charcoal-colored than jet black.
And Jewel had a big heart. She'd accompanied them on this search to give David's family time together. He could understand that. He wanted to put some distance between him and Tessa, too.
He was still pissed off over getting hit by her friend Jared. At the same time, he had to admire a guy willing to fight when he was so drugged he could hardly stand. Cody frowned. Jared’s health was in question, if he’d read Rhia’s expression correctly. Tessa would be devastated if anything happened to him at this point.
And Cody wasn’t sure how he felt about that. Tessa was only sixteen…okay, almost seventeen. David had mentioned her upcoming birthday was just a couple weeks away. Was she too young for him? At least right now? With vampires living for centuries, age stopped being a factor once they became adults. Still, Tessa was a long way from being an adult. These last few days, he'd had a chance to understand her, gain some insights into her weird I-want-to-be-human thing she'd had going on before. He figured she’d let most of that go now.
In fact, she looked and acted more like a vampire pureblood than most of them did.
She wore it well. And had she suddenlydevelopedovernight? Where had that figure come from? She almost popped out of her shirt or whatever that thing was called. He'd caught himself watching, waiting for just that to happen. He shook his head. Stupid.
"What’s bothering you?" His father nudged his shoulder.
Like he was going to tell the truth. Cody shrugged. "Just this whole mess. We seriously need to find out what’s going on here and who the ringleaders are."
"I know. This has Moltere’s touch. But he can't be working alone. That brings up the possibility of a human accomplice…or many of them. And given the size of the operation, we have to consider that Council members all over the world could also be involved."
"If it’s that high up, we’re going to have a lot of trouble ferreting out who is involved."
"I know."
They arrived at yet another series of doors like the ones where they’d left Tessa’s family. With a grin at the other two, Cody opened the first one with a flourish. And wrinkled his nose. This room resembled a storeroom. Steel drawers and cupboards lined two walls and the temperature was even colder than the rest of the warehouse. Thankfully, there didn’t appear to be any bodies lying around.
Closing it again, he stepped up to the second door.
"My turn." Goran pushed the door open and frowned. There’d been someone here recently, from the looks of things. It appeared to be some kind of staff break room. Furniture, a small kitchenette. Dirty bottles littered the table. Two doors lined the back walls.
Pushing the door wide enough for everyone else to see, he pointed out the two doors down the back. "We need to check out those."
Ian and Cody headed to the left door first. A series of bunk beds suggested the room was designated as a sleeping area. It was empty, but clothes lay strewn across bedding. Again, someone had been here recently. The two turned and followed Goran and Jewel into the next room.
Entering, Cody was barely in time to see his father's face darken as he reached out and bent over the lone sleeper. Cody tried to get closer to see what his father was doing, but before he could shift around his dad’s large frame, Goran straightened, saying, "He’s not going anywhere."
"Did you kill him?" Cody cast a last look at the male in the bed. Not that he really wanted to know.
"No. Used a special hold on him. He'll be out for a good many hours. We'll come back and move him after we do this first sweep."
Smooth. But then again, Cody hadn’t expected anything else from his old man.
"That leaves the brute still missing and possibly more."
Leaving the quarters, they systematically went around the warehouse and checked each room for the missing staff member. An hour later, they ended up back where they started, with David and his family.
Cody gave David a high five when they met up. "There's no sign of the other personnel yet. We need to find them before they can warn the outside world."
"I’d say that’s probably too late. We haven’t exactly been quiet in here."
Looking around the small group, Cody frowned and asked, "Where’s Tessa?"
"She’s with Jared. He's unconscious and Mom’s worried about him." A weird look came over David’s face.
Cody frowned. "What aren’t you telling me?"
With a shrug, David tried to brush him off.
"No. Tell me. Is he going to make it?" Cody asked.
David leaned in. "Tessa says he looks different than a few days ago. Better. As if he’d been given something to improve him."
And how was he supposed to take that? Cody studied David’s eyes. "Improve? How?"
"We don’t know. Mom is wondering if there was something odd in the drugs they were giving him. Like an enhancer of some kind."
"Are you thinking they were doing experiments of some kind? On humans? Oh gross." Not a thought he wanted to dwell on. "Remember when we were in the monitor room and we saw what appeared to be a couple of vampires suspended? Possibly our missing friend Daren? Jewel thought she saw him, remember? That doesn’t make any sense, right? It’s not like our blood is hard to come by or special or what they want to drink, so…?"
"Right. Then why are they up there?" David stared up at the rows of suspended bodies. "I wonder if they're being punished? Maybe they found out about this place and threatened to expose it or had invested initially and then wanted out," he said enthusiastically, warming to his ideas. "This could be a way of keeping them from talking."
Cody studied the rows. "As much as I don't want to, maybe we should walk up and down and see if we know any of them." He almost laughed at the look of revulsion on his friend's face.
"Yeah, I guess," David said.
Turning, Cody looked around to get his bearings. "They should be in the corner, according to the monitors we saw. That would make it…" he spun around slowly, trying to place the scene from the monitor with the right area in the room. "It would make it over there." He pointed to the corner on his left at the far side. "And the more of us that go and look, the better the chance that we might recognize someone."
"I think our fathers should come take a look. Keep the girls out of this step of the process."
"Good idea."
"What’s a good idea?" Serus came up behind them.
Within minutes he was calling Goran over. The four males headed in the direction Cody pointed out. As they walked, Cody tried not to stare. Every person was distorted by the plastic wrapped around them, giving them an unreal, almost un-human aspect. It was more than freaky. It was like a bad science fiction movie.
There had to be dozens of people in every row. His stomach clenched when he did the math. "David, do you realize how many people are hanging here? They couldn’t all have disappeared around the same time."
"I’m sure they’ve been disappearing, a few here and a few there, for a very long time." David glanced up, grimaced, and turned his face forward resolutely.
Serus and Goran spoke quietly ahead of them. Cody couldn’t quite hear what they were talking about. Motioning to David, he picked up the pace so the bits of conversation were understandable.
"Moltere dropped off the grid when?"
"Hell if I know. Forty, maybe fifty years ago. After Taz was rescued. But Moltere wasn't actually seen or recovered during that rescue. He could have disappeared a lot earlier."
Cody frowned. Damn it. His father always did that. Spoke in half sentences, half thoughts. He glanced around. They should be in the area they'd seen on the monitors.
"Hey. Old guys."
Both men stopped and spun.
Cody grinned. "At least I have your attention." At the disgruntled look on their faces, his grin widened. "I think we’re here. You should be looking at these people’s faces to see if you know any of them."
Everyone turned to study the woman hanging beside them. Cody tried to keep his eyes on her face, but it was hard. There was a lot of skin showing wrapped in bubble wrap or something just as gross, with body fluids pooling off on one side. He gave her face the once over and walked to the next one and the next one.
The bubble wrap made it difficult to tell the vampires apart from the humans. He thought these were all humans. But then how could you tell? Vampires were taller, slimmer, and had a few distinct features, like the eyes and fangs. But everyone here had their eyes and mouths closed. None, however, appeared super tall. He kept walking, his eyes going from face to face.
"I don’t think these are the vampires yet."
"Nor do I."
"Then we keep looking." Cody came to the last one in the row. He studied the wall and the layout. It definitely resembled what they’d seen on the monitor. He backed up until he could see the people hanging at the end of the next row. The last body, a male. was tall.
And a vampire.
An old one at that. He frowned. As vampires could live almost forever, to keep them suspended like this was like a permanent living hell for the vampire in question. Studying the tubing connected to this vampire, Cody realized his blood was heading in a different direction altogether. But why? Who would want it? What were they doing with vampires? Were they harvesting vampires on a regular basis, or was it only those who were in their way? And were they here to keep them from talking…or were they running experiments on them?
A chill ran down his back. Shit. This could be David or him. Or worse – Tessa.
"Dad. Do you know this one?" He stepped out of the way. Both elders stepped forward to get a better look. Cody watched his father’s face, saw the color leach from his already-white skin, and saw him spread his legs in a wider stance as if he was trying to recover from a blow.
"Oh no."
"Who is he?" David walked around Cody to take a closer look, then shrugged his shoulders. "I don’t know him."
"It’s Moltere. The man we thought was behind all this."
"What?" Cody and David turned to stare at the plastic-wrapped legend. "Tessa said we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Looks like she was right again. So if he isn’t behind this mess, then who is?"
"That’s what we need to find out."
David said, "Maybe he started it and had a falling out with his partners?"
"If this is what happens to anyone who crosses them, then we’d better not get on their bad side," Serus said, half joking.
There was nothing funny about this, though. Cody frowned, "Too late. We already are."
***
Tessa sat on the side of Jared’s bed. He was pale and lifeless, but it was the sudden lack of vitality that worried her the most. His cheeks sagged like his skin was a size too big for him. He'd looked pretty good when they'd first seen him, but now it was as if the life was slowly dripping out of him. Mom had said something about the nutrients keeping him in good shape, but without them…
Whatever it was, this aged version no longer looked like Jared.
She sniffled again. Then she shook her head. What a maudlin teenager she was turning out to be. She didn’t like that at all. She sniffled harder and wiped her eyes. Straightening her back, she took another quick glance at her mother, whose head was tilted toward her father in deep discussion. Her dad had arrived just a moment ago, a wild look on his face. Her mother had raced over and they’d been there ever since.
As much as she wanted in on it, she wasn't sure she wanted to know more. This had been an unbelievable couple of days.
Her guilt had subsided – but not abated. She hoped Jared made a full recovery. She knew now she wasn’t responsible for his getting kidnapped, and honestly, she didn’t know that anyone could have found him any faster – but still, her peoplehaddone this to him.
Her mother came over. "Tessa, do you want to lie down here for a bit? Help is on the way, but they're going to be a couple of hours yet."
Tessa cringed. "No. I don’t want to sleep in this place. It gives me the creeps." All she saw when she closed her eyes was that damn tubing running through every person, pumping out their life force. She couldn’t imagine a worse type of existence.
"Oh honey. You’re safe now. No one is going to get you here." She brushed Tessa’s long hair off her face. "I love what you did with your hair. Did I tell you that?"
"No. The last time…didn’t you ask what happened to my beautiful hair?" Tessa grinned at the pinched look she got in return.
"Yes, well, I think that’s when I was looking at my daughter’s beautiful black hair bleached white."
"Oh. I thought it was the length."
Her mother looked puzzled for a moment. Then her eyes widened and she came rushing around the end of the bed. "You didn’t cut it, did you?"
"Just kidding, Mom." Tessa laughed out loud. It felt good to find something humorous among the living dead here. "I didn’t cut it. I wouldn’t."
"Damn right." Rhia sniffed and walked back toward Serus, who stood guard at the entrance. "I’m going to discuss strategy with your father. You get some rest. Sleep or not, but at least lie down. There are plenty of beds here; you might as well use them."
Tessa considered the rows of empty beds. She was tired. There wasn’t anything more she could do at this point. And there were plenty of vampires here to watch over Jared. It honestly felt like a major crash-and-burn session had hit her, with the crash part winning.
She studied Jared’s face. He didn’t look like he’d be coming around any time soon. How they were going to move him and all these other people was beyond her.
"Maybe I should. Just for a minute." She walked along the long line of beds, then chose one across from Jared. She didn’t want to be where she could be seen from the warehouse or where she could see who and what hung there. What a horrible last vision to take into her dreams.
She stretched out and closed her eyes.
***
Cody walked over to where the adults were deep in discussion. "How long will it take for the teams to get here?"
"Probably another hour, possibly two. We've connected with Sian and Taz. They’re sending an assessment team in first to determine what needs to be done, followed closely by medical teams and equipment."
"Right. That could take a bit." He turned his back on the macabre scene. He had enough visions to last for a long time. "There isn’t much we can do now, is there?"
"Be careful. Just because we couldn’t find anyone else doesn’t mean there aren't any others – waiting for an opportunity to pick us off one by one. Everyone needs to stay together, at least in pairs."
"Speaking of everyone, where's Tessa?"
"She’s lying down, exactly as I ordered." Rhia frowned. "She’s exhausted."
Serus patted her arm. "She’ll be fine. She comes from good stock."
"That may be, but she’s only a girl. She shouldn’t be exposed to horrors like this at her age." She rubbed her eyes. "I hate what she’s gone through."
"So do I. However, it’s happened, and she’s come out a trooper. She’s really come into herself over this. I wouldn’t want to have cheated her of that." Serus snagged her shoulder in a quick hug.
Rhia looked up at him and smiled slowly. "She did well, didn’t she?"
"Yes, she did." He smiled proudly down at her.
Cody couldn’t help adding. "She’s really grown these last couple of days. It's been amazing to see."
"Thank you, Cody. For helping her and believing in her."
Not used to compliments, Cody felt something uncomfortable crawl across his skin. He turned away mumbling, "No problem."
He headed back to the sick room to check on Tessa and Jared.
***
Tessa couldn’t sleep. She kept thinking about needles and tubing and blood. So much blood. Once, she’d opened her eyes thinking she’d heard Jared and had sat up, but there hadn’t appeared to be any change in him. After a moment, she lay back down. The room was otherwise empty. Her friends and family stood just around the corner. She could hear their voices, a distant murmur, but normal sounding.
Everything was fine.
She yawned. Grabbing the folded blanket off the end of the bed, she threw it across her legs and pulled it up to her shoulders. Her clothing shifted every time she tried to get comfy.
This time when she closed her eyes, she slept.
Once again she dreamed. She dreamed of her blanket being pulled back. Of a needle being slipped into her arm and of a piece of tubing being attached. She stretched out her arm and the tubing dangled down on the bed. Drip, drip, drip went the drugs into her veins. Her dreams took her deeper and deeper.
***
Cody rounded the open doorway and found Jared sleeping, if that’s what you called sleeping – more like being comatose – on the bed on the right. He walked over to him and stared down at the slack face. So this was Tessa’sfriend. His competition.
He straightened and snorted. This sack of meat was no competition for him. Disgusted and more than a little concerned that he’d even had that thought, he turned around to search for Tessa. Only she wasn’t there.
Hadn’t her mom said she came in to lie down? Tessa had already proven she didn’t take orders well. Puzzled, he walked down the center aisle. At the end of the room, he turned around and walked back. As he approached Jared again, he frowned. One bed had a blanket tossed to the floor. A series of indents showed on the sheets of the still-made bed.
Just then, Rhia came in.
"Where did you say Tessa was?" Cody asked her, an inkling of worry attaching itself to his spine.
"In here." She stopped, put her hands on her hips, frowned, and looked around. "She was right there on that bed beside you. I saw her just a moment ago. She didn't go past me. We've been standing here at the doorway the whole time."
Cody pointed to the blanket on the floor. "Was this here before?"
She shook her head slowly. "No." She hurried over. "She was lying here with the blanket pulled up to her shoulders." She walked to the front of the bed. "Where is she?"
Bending down, Cody picked up a plastic tip. Like the kind that protected the end of a needle. Worry turned to fear. "Look what I found."
Rhia stared at it uncomprehendingly. Then her eyes widened, fear turning them to dark obsidian. "Please no."
Cody stared at the piece of plastic, unable to look away. Just the thought of a needle being used on Tessa made his heart pound in fear. Who knew what they'd do to her?
"Dear God, I hope not," he whispered. He spun around. There was a door at the end of the room. They'd checked it earlier. He thought it was just a supply cupboard. But it was the only other way for Tessa to have left this room…willingly or not. He raced toward it, calling over his shoulder, "Go get the others."
"Oh, my God!" Rhia raced out to get help.
***
Tessa opened her eyes. The first thing she saw was the tube in her arm. She frowned, blinked several times to clear her vision, and then reached for the tubing. Her hand touched the needle taped to her wrist – her eyes widened in comprehension. She tried to close her fingers around the needle to pull it free. Her fingers didn't want to work.
Drugs dripped steadily into her arm. Pulling at her, drawing her down, deeper and deeper.
Oh, dear God, no!
She screamed – endlessly – soundlessly – in her mind.

Author's Note
Dear reader,
Thank you for reading Vampire in Denial! If you enjoyed this book, I'd love it if you'd help others enjoy it as well. Reviews make a difference. And, I’d appreciate it if you’d click onthis linkand leave a short review.
I love to hear from readers, and you can contact me at my website:www.dalemayer.comor at myFacebook author page. To be informed of new releases and special offers, sign up forDale Mayer's newsletter. And if you are interested in joining my street team, here is theFacebook sign up page.
The second book in this series isVampire in Distress. If you'd like to read an excerpt, please turn the page.
Cheers,
Dale Mayer
Vampire in Distress
Shit happened. But why did it always happen to her?
Tessa rolled over for the umpteenth time as nausea washed up the back of her throat. Dry heaves wracked her long spine as her body rid itself of the drugs coursing through one arm. She made a feeble attempt to wipe her mouth with the corner of the sheet. All the bedding was going to need to be changed soon. How could anything be left inside?
"Hey, no more of that," snapped the disgusted voice beside her. "What the hell is wrong with her? None of the others ever puked like her. It's gross."
She shuddered at the gravelly voice and hard arms that twisted and yanked her around. Why couldn't they leave her alone and let her sink back into nothingness? Huge hands gripped her shoulders and held her head off the side of the bed as she gagged yet again. Cold, exhaustion and drugs had stolen her voice.
If it weren't for her mixed vampire heritage she'd have been unconscious since the beginning. They obviously didn't know about her and her unique genetics, or they'd have used different drugs. And as much as she'd welcome oblivion, she needed her wits about her.
Her family had to know she was missing by now.
Surely, they'd be here soon.
Whereverherewas…
***
Cody watched, his fists clenched and his spine rigid, as both Tessa's father and his father argued about how to proceed. Time was racing by. Tessa had to have been missing for at least a half hour already. They should be out searching now.
"Hey, will you two stop it?"
Rhia, Tessa's mother placed a calming hand on his forearm. "You know this is how they work best."
"This isn'tworkingat all." Cody shot her a look of outrage. Turning back to the two tall ancient vampires in stark black, he called out, "Hey, elders."
They ignored him.
"Serus and Goran?"
Still he couldn't dent their argument.
With that, his frustration peaked. He screamed, "Hey, old guys!"
Silence. Both elders spun on their heels. Shocked and irate, they glared at Cody. Rhia choked back a snicker. Serus frowned at her before turning his icy stare on Cody. Drawing himself up to his full height, the elder looked down his long nose and opened his mouth to speak.
Cody's father jumped in ahead of him. "Did you just call me old?"
"Hell, yes. Youareold. You're also wasting time. Tessa has been kidnapped from right under our noses, and once again, you two are more concerned with winning an argument than you are about her fate."
Rhia gasped.
Too bad that Cody was long past caring about other peoples' reactions. This war had changed him. It had changed all of them. And it was just gearing up.
Tessa's mother was a good person, but she was all about her Serus. Goran, Cody's own father, was too protective and focused on him.
"That's a terrible thing to say." Rage contorted Serus's face.
"Is it?" Cody asked, his lips curling into a sneer. "I don't mean you don't care, but Tessa was right. You're all talk and no action." Straightening up and putting his hands on his hips, he added, "Now she's the one in trouble, and I can't let you get sidetracked."
The stuffing went out of Serus with a whomp. His shoulders slumped. His skin sagged, and he seemed to age under Cody's reproachful gaze. "The team will be here in twenty minutes. I can't leave the kids here. Goran, please, take the others. Go find my little girl."
Rhia gripped Serus's arm. "I'll stay. You go find our daughter."
"That isn't going to work." He pinched his lips together. "I can't leave you alone in case there are more of these assholes around. I can't leave any of the kids here, either. No. Everyone else go. As much as I wouldn't admit it at any other time, Goran is the best flier, and he'll cover more ground faster."
"Goran," Rhia's bottom lip trembled. "Please find my daughter. I need to stay here for Jared. He's too sick to travel, and I don't dare leave him. Besides, one adult needs to be here for the others."
"All right," With a gentleness Cody had rarely seen before, his father wrapped Rhia in a tight hug. "Cody and I'll fly out and see if they've left any trace. There could be another level to this building, too. Maybe split up the others and send half of them to search for Tessa." He turned as if to leave.
Cody caught him before he'd taken a full step. "There's another place I want to check out. He spun around. "At the time I'd assumed it just led to more storage space, but now..." Glancing back at his father, he added, "Why don't you fly alone and see what you can find? You might see a vehicle. They can't have gone too far. Besides, one flier will attract less attention than a few."
David walked over. "What are you thinking, Cody?"
"I'm thinking she's been stashed somewhere close by. I don't think they could've taken her very far in the time we've missed her. It's possible she's still inside this warehouse… or in the mausoleum above ground."
With a sharp nod, David said, "I agree. Let's break into groups, with one staying here. Another will go up, and the last one will head out to search for lower levels."
"Good plan." Serus stepped in. "David and Jewel, search the house. Cody, you stay here with Rhia and search with Ian. Goran, if you wouldn't mind doing an air search, and everyone should check back within, say..." he checked his watch, "an hour. That should be enough time to figure out which way they might have taken my daughter."
Spinning around, Cody nodded to Ian, and then led the way out of the room. Finally, there was some action. But damn it, why hadn't they done this ten minutes ago? Not wanting to waste any more time, he headed toward the door he vaguely remembered seeing.
"Hey, wait up," Ian called. "Jesus, slow down. Geez, you're as bad as your father. He's always racing around at top speed."
"I can't." Cody slowed down just long enough for Ian to catch up. "Tessa's running out of time."
"I know there were a couple of smaller doors we didn't open, but at the time, we assumed they weren't important." At Cody's hard look, he quickly added, "But we will now."
"Damn straight. Tessa led us here to find Jared. We're not losing her, too." Worry ate at him. Poor Tessa.
They walked hard and fast toward the room where they had last seen Tessa.
By keeping his gaze forward, Cody could almost avoid the sight of the hundreds of bodies hanging in their macabre midair dance. All of the victims were blind and mute in the face of their fate – and yet, still alive. He slowed. He sure hoped they had no idea of their fate.
Ian spoke up, "Funny how this all came about. Look at us. We're fighting a war we didn't even know existed, and all because Tessa went to a friggin' movie where her date got kidnapped."
As much as Cody hated to dwell on Tessa's date with Jared, he couldn't deny the sequence of events that had set off this mess. Tessa had fought her parentsandthe vampire Council, then went and looked for Jared on her own when she couldn't drum up help. In the process, she'd transformed herself from a naive schoolgirl into a classy vamp.
He shook his head, remembering how his blood had fired at the first sight of the mysterious vampire who'd walked so confidently through the vampire Council gathering. Christ, she'd been hot. Every male eye had turned her way. He'd followed her out of the house, questioned her, and then let her go. Only something about her had been hauntingly familiar.
Then he'd seen her signature crab hop up in the trees and had realised the truth. His heart had recognized the true Tessa, but his hormones had been sidelined by her hot new look. His mind hadn't been able to reconcile the two parts. Even now, he was still trying to figure out just who and what she'd become. And he desperately wanted a chance to find out.
He had to find her.

Out Now Vampire in Distress!
Dangerous Designs – book 1 of Design Series
Drawing is her world...but when her new pencil comes alive, it's his world too.
Her... Storey Dalton is seventeen and now boyfriendless after being dumped via Facebook. Drawing is her escape. It's like as soon as she gets down one image, a dozen more are pressing in on her. Then she realizes her pictures are almost drawing themselves...or is it that her new pencil is alive?
Him... Eric Jordan is a new Ranger and the only son of the Councilman to his world. He's crossed the veil between dimensions to retrieve a lost stylus. But Storey is already experimenting with her new pencil and what her drawings can do – like open portals.
It... The stylus is a soul-bound intelligence from Eric's dimension on Earth and uses Storey's unsuspecting mind to seek its way home, giving her an unbelievable power. She unwittingly opens a third dimension, one that held a dangerous predatory species banished from Eric's world centuries ago, releasing these animals into both dimensions.
Them... Once in Eric's homeland, Storey is blamed for the calamity sentenced to death. When she escapes, Eric is ordered to bring her back or face that same death penalty. With nothing to lose, can they work together across dimensions to save both their worlds?

Gem Stone
A juvie kid trying to stay on the right path stumbles into trouble...
Gemma takes her camera everywhere. From juvie hall to a halfway home, the new hobby gives her a focus she'd never had before and...hope in a future. Until she takes pictures of something that could get her killed.
And not just her...after she and another juvie girl are chased by a stranger to the halfway home that same night, the other girl goes missing and Gemma knows she needs help. But who can she trust?
Not the authorities that's for sure. Trusting them is impossible for a girl with her damaged history, and besides, who cares about a troubled kid...especially when trouble just naturally seems to find her.

In Cassie's Corner
Faith and loyalty are tested as a young girl learns what it is to believe – in herself, in her friends, and in life after death.
Cassie's best friend, bad boy Todd, is gone. Gone as in dead. Gone as in ghost. But she doesn't realize that when he wakes her in her bedroom and begs her not to believe what they say about him. It's not until the next day when her parents tell her about the accident that she learns the truth... The police believe Todd was living up to the family name, drinking and driving and coming to a predictable end. It's up to her to find out the truth and clear his name.
Todd is shocked at his sudden change in circumstances...and angry. He struggles with his new ghostly reality, realizing all he's lost as he watches his brother build a relationship with Cassie as the two pair up to find out what really happened to him. The truth isn't always pretty, and Cassie has to be stronger than ever before.

Especially when the whole world seems to be against her.
About the author:
Dale Mayer is a prolific multi-published writer. She's best known for her Psychic Visions series. Besides her romantic suspense/thrillers, Dale also writes paranormal romance and crossover young adult books in several different genres. To go with her fiction, she also writes nonfiction in many different fields with books available on resume writing, companion gardening and the US mortgage system. She has recently published her Career Essentials Series. All her books are available in digital and print formats.
Published Young Adult books include:
Family Blood Ties Series
Vampire in Denial
Vampire in Distress
Vampire in Design
Vampire in Deceit
Vampire in Defiance
Family Blood Ties Trilogy : Books 1-3

Design series
Dangerous Designs
Deadly Designs
Darkest Designs
Design Series Trilogy

Standalone
In Cassie's Corner
Gem Stone

Published Adult Books:
Psychic Vision Series:
Tuesday's Child
Hide'n Go Seek
Maddy's Floor
Garden of Sorrow
Knock, Knock...
Rare Find - Coming Soon!
Psychic Visions Set, Books 1-3

By Death Series
Touched by Death
Haunted By Death

Second Chances...at Love Series
Second Chances

Other Books:
Romance x3: An Anthology
It's a Dog's Life
Sian's Solution - a Family Blood Ties short story
Riana's Revenge - a fantasy short story

The Coin Collector

By



Kristen Middleton


The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
Copyright ©2012 by Kristen Middleton
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author.






“A child should be kept closest to the heart. Do not squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.”

Chapter One

“Did you see that, Trent?” whispered my younger brother, Ben, as we stared into the darkness towards the old house across the street. “The weird light coming from his hands?”
We were kneeling in Brent’s bedroom with the binoculars, trying to get a better glimpse of the short, stocky man who’d just walked out of his garage for the fifth time. Now he was pacing back and forth, talking to himself and looking agitated.
“No,” I sighed. “And frankly, I’m really getting sick of spying on the neighbor, Ben. This is ridiculous.”
His eyes narrowed. “You don’t believe me, do you?”
I snorted. “What? That he’s some kind of goblin or boogieman?”
“Yes! I saw him disappear and then reappear a few minutes later. He had a black pot, too. I swear to God, there was a stack of bright gold coins inside.”
I groaned – nine year old boys and their wild imaginations. “Okay, Ben, that’s enough.” I stood up and walked over to the light switch. “You were obviously dreaming.”
“Wait,” he whispered loudly as he stared through the binoculars again. “Oh, my God, Trent. He did it again!”
I rushed over to the window. “What?”
“He vanished into thin air. He’s gone.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, he’s probably in the garage.”
“Why are the lights off then? Who walks around their garage in total darkness?”
Deciding to humor him, I grabbed the binoculars and waited. Even though I didn’t believe in Leprechauns, I had to admit that the neighbor across the street certainly looked like the kind in picture books, especially with his red beard, bulbous nose, and short, stubby legs. He also wore a lot of green.
“See anything?” asked Ben.
“No.”
“Just keep watching,” he said.
Ten minutes later, out of patience and feeling foolish, I stood back up and stretched my legs. “This is ridiculous. I don’t have time for this. In fact, I have a lot of homework that’s due tomorrow. You’re on your own, bud.”
He turned back towards the window. “Fine, but if something happens and he comes for me…”
“Ben, nobody is coming for you.”
The sound of the bedroom door creaking open made us both jump.
“What’s going on in here?” asked our mother, Mira, flicking on the lights.
Releasing my breath, I pointed to Ben, who looked like he’d just pissed his pants. “He thinks the neighbor across the street is some kind of Leprechaun or something.”
She raised her eyebrows. “A Leprechaun? Mr. O’Darby?”
“Yeah, mom!” he said, rushing to her side. “I saw him disappear into thin air and his hands, they were glowing!”
“Oh, Ben,” she smiled, putting an arm around him. “You’re letting your imagination run wild, again. You know there are no such things as Leprechauns.”
He pushed the dark hair out of his eyes. “But…”
She groaned and shook his shoulders, playfully. “No buts. It’s getting late and,” she wrinkled her nose, “you could use a shower. And there will be no more television before bedtime either, young man. Obviously some of the crap on television is warping your young, impressionable mind.”
“Fine. I’ll take a shower but I still think that guy is hiding something.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. By the way, Trent, we need to talk,” she said, turning to me.
“Why?” I asked, although I already had an idea of what it was. Parent-teacher conferences had been earlier today and I was slipping in both Math and History.
“In your room,” she said, snapping her fingers.
“Okay,” I answered.
She followed me down the hallway to my bedroom and then closed the door behind her. “Listen,” she said, leaning against the door. “We really need to talk.”
I sighed. “I know. School. I’ll try harder.”
She rubbed her forehead with the tips of her fingers and shook her head. “It’s not about school, although I’d appreciate it if you would try harder. I wasn’t very happy today. You’re supposed to be graduating this year, have you forgotten?”
“No. I haven’t, okay?” Why did parents have to be so freaken condescending? “I’ll bust my ass and try to raise my grades. Maybe even do some extra credit.”
She nodded. “Good.”
“So, what did you want to talk about?”
She bit the side of her lip. “I want you to keep an eye on your brother. Especially at night, when I have to work.”
“No problem. I already do that now.”
“Well, keep a closer eye on him.”
“What’s the big deal?” I asked.
“Listen, don’t repeat this to Ben but there were two missing children reported earlier today, in Barnet. A boy and a girl – both only ten years old.”
Our mother works in the local Sherriff’s Department as a dispatcher.
“Who took them?” I asked. Barnet was the next town over, less than five miles away.
She shrugged. “That’s just it. Nobody really knows what happened. Both of them left school, walking their separate ways, and nobody has heard from either of them since.”
“Nobody saw anything?”
She shook her head. “No, unfortunately. Both kids lived within walking distance of the school so they weren’t missed on any bus. The police have been searching the surrounding neighborhoods and wooded areas all evening.”
“What about the parents? Could they have…?”
I’d learned from my mother’s boyfriend, Matt, who’s a cop, that parents were usually the first suspects.
“Don’t know for sure. The parents all had alibis and appeared to be genuinely upset.”
I sat down on my bed. “Wow, that’s freaky.”
“Tell me about it. Anyway, I’m sure it’s all over the news right now.”
I grabbed the remote control for my television.
“Wait, finish your homework first. I’ll keep an eye on the news and let you know what I find out.”
“Okay.”
She picked up my dirty clothes hamper. “Just remember to keep an eye on your brother, okay?”
“I will.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it,” she said, and left the room.

Chapter Two


There hadn’t been any new information regarding the missing kids, and I’d all but forgotten about it until the next morning, when our mom pleaded with me to pick up Ben after school.
“I don’t want him walking home alone,” she said.
“Fine.”
“What’s the big deal?” asked Ben between bites of his Cocoa Pops. “I always walk with Steve and Jacob.” He turned to me. “Can you give them rides, too?”
“Yes, he can,” said mom, wrapping her dark brown hair into a ponytail, which made her look more like a college student than a woman of thirty-eight.
I groaned. “Seriously?”
Ben’s friends were slobs – always farting and picking their noses when they were over. Once I saw Steve eating a booger and almost hurled.
“It’s a good idea,” she said. “Don’t you agree?”
I knew I wasn’t going to win that argument so I just agreed.
“Thank you,” she said, kissing the top of my head. “Now, Ben, are you ready for school?”
“Almost,” he said and then stared at her in horror. “You’re not actually going to drive me to school now, are you?”
“Yes.”
He sighed. “Fine, drop me off in the back, though. I’ll never hear the end of it if one of the guys catches me getting a ride from my mom.”
She pretended to pout. “My little guy doesn’t want to be seen around mommy anymore?”
“I’m going to be ten next week. I’m not a little guy. Sheesh.”
I stood up and grabbed my backpack. “I’m outta here. Wait for me by the parking lot right after school, little guy.”
“Whatever, butt-face.”
Mom shook her head. “Boys.”

***

After school, I dropped off Ben’s friends at their homes as quickly as possible and then we headed to ours.
“Did you ever notice that Mr. O’Darby is never seen in the daylight?” said Ben as we pulled into our driveway.
I glanced into my rearview mirror at O’Darby’s house and gave a sinister laugh. “Maybe he’s actually a vampire.”
“That’s not funny,” he mumbled.
I stared at him. “You’re seriously that freaked out about the guy?”
He shrugged. “He’s strange.”
“Have you actually ever met him?”
“No.”
“Well, I think we should do something about that.”
He looked at me in horror. “No way.”
I opened the door to my ’72 Impala and got out. “Come on, Ben. Let’s go over and properly introduce ourselves to the neighbor.”
He shook his head vehemently. “You can, I’m not.”
I shut my door, walked around to the passenger side, and opened his. “I’m serious. The only way to beat your fears is to face them. We are going across the street to meet the Leprechaun.”
“No.”
I bent down onto my knee. “Tell you what, we’ll go across the street and ask to borrow some sugar. You stand behind me and just watch. You don’t even have to say a word.”
After a few seconds of silence, he nodded. “Fine.”
I smiled. “Good. Let’s go.”
Ben got out of the car and followed me to the edge of our yard. We both stopped at the curb and looked at Mr. O’Darby’s house.
“What a shit-hole,” I said, staring at the dilapidated structure. Most of the homes on our street were old, large, but fairly maintained. This one had paint peeling on all sides, moss growing across fogged glass windows, and pretty much reminded me of the house from the movie “Psycho”, the creepy one behind the “Bates Motel.”
“Maybe we should just forget it. He might not even be home,” said Ben.
I nudged him. “We’ll soon find out. Come on.”
We walked across the street, and this time my pulse began to pick up. Ben’s paranoia was getting contagious.
Little brothers.
Ignoring the knot in my stomach, I stepped onto the rickety old porch and raised my hand to knock, when Ben stopped me.
“Don’t do it,” he pleaded, grabbing my arm. “Please.”
“Would you stop being such a wuss?”
His lip began to tremble. “I can’t help it. I don’t think we should be on his property.”
I sighed. “Ben, it’s fine. You know I would never put you in any kind of danger.”
“Not on purpose, I get that, but this is different,” he said, backing away. “I’m leaving.” Then he ran down the steps and back across the street.
“Can I help you?” asked a soft voice.
I whipped my head around and locked eyes with a girl standing behind the screen door. She was about my age, with long red hair, large almond-shaped eyes, and full lips. She was so hot, I could barely breathe.
I smiled weakly. “Uh…hi.”
She smiled back and my throat went dry. I wouldn’t have thought anyone could have gotten prettier.
Until that smile.
“Sorry,” I said, finding my voice. “My name is Trent and I, uh, live across the street and was wondering if you had any sugar I could borrow?”
She folded her arms under her chest and stared at me with amusement. “Sugar? What do you need sugar for?”
“Cookies?”
She threw her head back and laughed, a sound so nice that it made my heart skip a beat. “I’m sorry,” she said, wiping the tears from her eyes. “I just really wasn’t expecting that.”
Honestly, I thought her comment was borderline strange. Besides Kool-Aid, I didn’t know of many things, besides cookies, that you’d need to borrow sugar for.
She opened the screen door and stepped back. “Come on in. My dad’s not home, so I can loan you as much as you need.”
I stared in awe at the most intense green eyes I’d ever seen. “Thanks,” I said.
She smiled and nodded. “The house is kind of a mess, actually. Why don’t you wait right here. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
She turned and I couldn’t help but stare at the way her butt filled out the jeans she was wearing.
How come I’d never seen her before?
Sighing, I took a few more steps down the hallway and glanced into what appeared to be their living room. Or it would be. The furniture was covered in plastic, stacks of books were piled on top of coffee and end tables, and brown packing boxes took up almost every remaining space.
“We’re still unpacking,” she said, coming up behind me.
I turned around. “Oh, sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean to be nosy.”
She shrugged and handed me a bowl of sugar. “It’s okay.”
“Thanks,” I said.
“I hope it’s enough,” she said. “I forgot to ask you how much you needed.”
I smiled. “This is plenty.”
“I’m Shannon, by the way,” she said, holding out her hand.
I wrapped my hand around hers and shook it. “Nice to meet you.”
“What’s it like?” she asked, pulling her hand back.
I raised an eyebrow. “What’s what like?”
“Going to school?”
“What do you mean? Don’t you go?”
She looked down at her feet and so did I. Her toes were painted pink with green stripes. “No,” she said.
“Are you home-schooled?”
“Yes, I guess you could say that.”
“Oh.”
“I just wish…”
“What?” I asked.
Our eyes met again but this time, hers was filled with fear. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards the door. “Oh, no. You have to leave. He’s coming.”
“Who? Your dad?”
“Quickly,” she said pushing me towards the front door. “He mustn’t see you.”
I opened up the screen door and turned to thank her again, but she’d already closed the inside door.
Strange family.
I shook my head and walked back across the street.

Chapter Three


“Trent met the girl of his dreams today,” said Ben with a smirk when mom stepped into the kitchen later that night.
I scowled at him. “Shut up.”
She set a bag of groceries on the counter and turned to me, her lips curled up in a smile. “Is that so?”
I shrugged. “She’s not the girl of my dreams. She’s O’Darby’s daughter, Shannon.”
Her eyebrows shot up. “He has a daughter?”
“Yeah. Didn’t he mention her when you talked to him?”
“I only spoke to him once,” she said, taking the groceries out of the bag. “When I ‘welcomed’ him to the neighborhood. He really wasn’t much for conversation.”
“He didn’t even mention her?” I asked.
“No, not at all.”
“Trent’s in love,” sang Ben.
I went over and put him in a headlock.
“Mom!” hollered Ben.
“Trent, leave your brother be.”
I released him. “Quit being such a little shit.”
“Language, Trent,” said mom, putting a jar of peanut butter into the cupboard.
“Mom, did you hear about those missing kids?” asked Ben.
She sighed. “Yes, how did you find out?”
“It’s been on the news all night,” I said.
“I figured it would be,” she answered.
Ben started asking more questions about the missing kids and I decided to let her deal with it. He’d already berated me with questions earlier.
“I’ll be upstairs,” I said, leaving the kitchen.
“It’s almost time for bed!” she hollered as I walked away.
I went to my room, shut the door, and grabbed the binoculars. Then I kneeled down next to my window, which also faced O’Darby’s house, and looked through them.
I smiled. “Oh…Shannon. Sweet…”
It was odd that I’d never noticed her before, although I’d also never made it a habit to go spying on anyone, especially with binoculars. Tonight, I had a clear view of what must have been her bedroom and I could see her walking around in a miniscule tank-top and shorts. I watched her dance around for several seconds until she disappeared out of view. Frowning, I waited, wishing I could get just one more glimpse of her hot bod.
Come on, Shannon.
She was so pretty and I hadn’t had a girlfriend for several months. My last one, Mandy, had moved out of town and we still talked on the phone, but it wasn’t the same. I missed everything that went with having a girlfriend, especially the kissing. I wondered if Shannon was a good kisser.
Her bedroom light flickered out and I sighed, that was that.
As I was about to put the binoculars away, a flash of light lit up her room.
“Weird,” I whispered, raising them back up to my eyes.
The frightening image that greeted me stopped my heart cold. An angry face stared back at me from her bedroom window, with eyes glowing a bright orange color, and a mouth that was twisted into an angry scowl.
Mr. O’ Darby?
I dropped the binoculars and backed away from the window, a cold chill running down my spine. I was in trouble – he’d caught me spying on his daughter and was obviously upset. Would he come over and tell my mother? And what the hell was wrong with his eyes?
A soft knock on the door startled me.
“Trent?”
“Yeah.”
“Why is your light off?” she said, flicking it on.
Still shaken, I didn’t quite know what to say.
“Well, guess who just called me,” she said.
“Who?”
Her lips thinned. “Jake.”
Jake was Ben’s father. Our mother had been married twice – my dad had died when I was only five and then she’d met Jake a couple of years later. Thankfully, they weren’t together anymore because he was a real jerk – used to push mom around, couldn’t hold a job, and drank like a fish. I couldn’t stand him.
“What did he want?”
“He wants to take Ben on his birthday next week.”
“Why?”
“Well, now that he’s rich, I guess he thinks he can do whatever he wants.”
Jake had lucked out and inherited an undisclosed amount of money from one of his great-uncles, after divorcing mom. He now owned a mansion bigger than the local grocery store, drove around in a flashy Mercedes, and had remarried a girl young enough to be his daughter.
“You’re not going to let him, are you?” I asked.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. Ben is always asking about his father, and Jake hasn’t ever volunteered to take him.”
“That’s just it,” I said. “Why does he want to do this?”
“Maybe he feels guilty about shutting Ben out of his life.”
“He should,” I said. “Anyway, I thought we were going to take Ben to a movie on his birthday.”
“I know, but we can always do that. I think it might be good for Jake to see his son. Especially now that Jake has actually quit drinking.”
I rolled my eyes. “Whatever. He’s still a jerk. He lives in the same town as us and basically ignores the fact that he has a kid.”
“I know,” she said, “but he’s still Ben’s father and has a right to see his son.”
“So you’re going to let him?”
“More than likely, but I’ll talk to Ben and see what he wants to do.”
Wanting to change the subject, I asked her about work. “So, did you hear anything more about those missing kids?”
“Yeah, actually, I did. Something strange – both kids were taken on their tenth birthday.”
My jaw dropped. “What?”
She nodded. “I know. It’s weird.”
“What if something happens to Ben? He’s turning ten.”
“Listen, kids turn ten every day in Iowa. Ben will be fine.”
“Have they been investigating other cities, to see if there were similar kidnappings?” This was just too creepy, even for me.
“Yes. But I don’t know if they’ve found anything. Matt only gives me bits and pieces of what’s happening. He doesn’t want to get into trouble at the station.”
“That’s understandable.”
“Well, get ready for bed,” she said. “It’s getting late.”
“Like I’m going to be able to sleep.”
“Your grades depend on it.”
“Yeah, yeah.”

***

Ben was ecstatic when he heard the news the next morning at breakfast.
“I wonder what he’ll buy me?” he asked, bubbling with excitement. “Dad’s rich now, isn’t he?”
“Don’t expect a lot,” said mom. “He may be rich, but that doesn’t mean he’s going to shower you with gifts.”
“He should,” I muttered. “He owes him.”
She gave me a warning look.
“I gotta go,” I said, standing up. “Thank God it’s Friday.”
“Don’t forget to pick your brother up from school.”
“Okay. Same place, Ben?”
“Sure,” he answered.

***

Thankfully, Ben’s friends had to stay after school and he was my only passenger.
“Can we stop at McDonald’s?” he asked. “I’m so craving a cheeseburger.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty hungry myself.”
We pulled through the drive-thru and I ordered three for myself and two for him, along with fries.
“Good thing I’m working this weekend,” I said, pulling into our driveway. “I’m almost broke and need to buy your gift.”
“You haven’t bought it yet?”
“Actually, I did. Happy Birthday – enjoy your burgers,” I joked.
“Ha ha…”
I got out of the car and stared across the street. Shannon’s house was quiet, and for some inexplicable reason, I knew she was alone.
“Here,” I said, handing him his burgers and fries. “I’ll be back in a minute.”
“What are you doing?” he asked, watching me as I walked away.
“Don’t worry about it. Go inside and wait for me.”
“Fine.”
I knocked on Shannon’s door, and seconds later, she answered.
“Hi, Trent,” she said, smiling brightly. Today her red hair was pulled back in a green bow and she wore white shorts and a green T-shirt that said “Kiss me, I’m Irish.”
I raised the bag of food. “Hungry?”
Her eyebrows shot up. “What’s in there?”
“McDonald’s.” I looked at her incredulously. “Don’t tell me you’ve never had McDonald’s before?”
“I’ve never had McDonald’s before,” she said, smiling.
“Oh, then you’ve been missing out. Here,” I said, pulling out a cheeseburger. “Try this.”
She unwrapped it and inhaled. “Oh my God, this smells heavenly.”
“Go ahead,” I said.
She opened her mouth and bit into it. “Oh, Trent,” she gushed. “This is…amazing.”
I smiled and watched as she inhaled the burger. “Here,” I said, handing her the French fries, too. “You can have all of them.”
“I couldn’t.”
“Just try one.”
I watched as she slipped one into her mouth and began chewing. “These are so good!” she squealed, grabbing more. “I’ve never had anything so delicious!”
“Seriously?”
She nodded. “No. I do all of the cooking, and believe me, I’ve never had anything so yummy. What was that meat and bread combination called again?”
I stared at her incredulously. “It was a cheeseburger. Haven’t you ever had a cheeseburger before?”
“No. We usually eat stew, potatoes, or ham. I had pizza once,” she closed her eyes and sighed, dreamily. “Man, it was amazing.”
“I love pizza,” I said. “My mom makes an awesome homemade taco pizza.”
She smiled. “Your mother lives with you?”
I nodded. I wanted to ask Shannon about hers but was afraid she’d tell me her mom had passed away or something. So I just changed the subject.
“So, can you come outside?” I asked, looking towards the sky. “It’s a beautiful spring day. Maybe we could go for a walk, or something?”
She looked down. “No. I’m not allowed to leave the house.”
“Seriously?”
When she raised her eyes, there were tears. “Yes. Listen, I have to go. My dad will be home soon.”
“Can I see you tomorrow?” I asked.
She smiled. “Sure. For a little while.”
“Good,” I smiled and backed away. “Same time?”
She nodded. “Yes, but Trent…”
“What?”
Her face became serious. “When my dad is home, please stay away.”
“Okay.”
“And…don’t use the binoculars.”
My face turned red. “Uh…”
She smiled. “It’s okay. I knew you were watching, but… so did he.”
I swallowed hard. “Sorry.”
She stepped forward, and before I knew what was happening, she kissed me lightly on the cheek. “Thanks for everything,” she whispered, pulling away. “Nobody has ever been this nice to me.”
“You’re welcome,” I said, sickened by the fact that I’d only given her food and she was grateful enough to kiss me.
“Tomorrow?” she asked. “My dad will be gone most of the day. I’ll open my bedroom window when it’s safe to come over.”
I smiled. “Okay, tomorrow, then.”


Chapter Four


I was so excited to see Shannon on Saturday, that I had a restless night’s sleep. When the sun began to rise, I gave up on it and went downstairs to eat.
“You’re up early for a Saturday,” said my mom, who’d just gotten home from working a third shift at the station.
“Couldn’t sleep.”
She sat across from me at the table and sighed. “Another child is missing. This time over in Boar Lake.”
My eyes widened. “Seriously? That’s only twenty minutes from here.”
She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “Yep. Another child who’d just turned ten.”
“What?”
She opened her eyes. “Trent, remember to keep an eye on your brother until they catch this person.”
“Of course.”
She yawned and then stood up. “I’m going to bed. I’m exhausted.”

***

I paced through the house most of the day, waiting for Shannon to open her bedroom window. Finally, at one o’clock in the afternoon, she did.
“Don’t leave the house,” I told Ben, combing my dark hair. “I’ll be back later.”
“Why?” he whined. “I told Steve I’d come over later. He has this new video game I’ve been dying to try out.”
“Tough. Wait until mom wakes up so she can drive you.”
His eyes narrowed. “It’s because of those missing kids, isn’t it?”
“Something like that. Just promise me you won’t leave the house?”
“You know, they’re only taking kids on their tenth birthday.” His face paled. “I, um, I’m not turning ten until next Friday.”
“We just don’t want to take any chances.”
He swallowed hard. “You don’t think he’ll come for me, do you?”
“The kidnapper? No, I’m sure you’ll be fine. You’ll be with your dad on your birthday, anyway.”
He smiled. “Yeah and he’s rich, so he can keep me safe.”
“Being rich doesn’t always make you more responsible,” I said. “Not with kids, anyway.”
And especially not that tool. I didn’t care how much money he had, I still remembered the bruises on mom’s face after Jake’s drunken rages. He’d always be a jerk to me, no matter how much he’d supposedly changed.
“My dad will protect me,” he said.
I nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Now, I have to places to be. Stay inside and don’t leave until mom wakes up and you talk to her.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Where are you going?”
“Across the street.”
He smiled. “You’re going to see that girl, aren’t you?”
I shrugged. “Yeah, so?”
“Aren’t you afraid of her dad?”
“No,” I lied. “He doesn’t scare me.”
His face darkened. “You should be.”
I burst out laughing. “God, you’re so dramatic, Ben.”
“No, I’ve been watching him. He’s up to no good. In fact, I think he might be the one taking the kids…”
I rolled my eyes. “You can’t be serious?”
“I saw him carrying a large duffel bag into his house last night. I think there may have been a body in it.”
“That’s insane,” I said. “Shannon’s dad isn’t a murderer.”
He folded his arms across his chest. “How do you know?”
I stared at him for a few seconds and then answered. “Because, she seems too normal to be living with a monster like that.”
He leaned forward. “Maybe she doesn’t know.”
“Quit doing this,” I said. “You’re being overly paranoid and freaking yourself out.”
“Fine, don’t believe me.”
I turned and walked away, wondering if I wasn’t being paranoid enough.

***

“Come in,” said Shannon, holding the door open.
“Okay.”
Today she was dressed in a white T-shirt and green shorts. Her silky red hair hung loosely down her back and I had an incredible urge to run my fingers through it.
“You must be Irish,” I said, staring at her green shorts.
She smiled. “Finally figured it out, huh?”
I rapped myself in the head with my knuckles. “Knock-knock, pudding-head.”
She laughed. “Are you Irish?”
“No, but Ben’s dad is. Full-blooded.”
She didn’t say anything as I followed her into the kitchen, which was surprisingly well-maintained and up-to-date for such an old house. Silver and black appliances, marbled counters, and dark, almond-stained cupboards. It didn’t look at all like I would have pictured.
“Are you hungry? I made some stew,” she said, lifting the cover from a metal pot sitting on the stove.
I inhaled and my stomach came to life. “It smells great. What’s in it?”
She stirred the pot. “Cabbage, ham, potatoes, corn, carrots, and some secret spices. It’s a recipe carried down through the generations in my family.”
“Did your mother teach you how to make this?”
Shannon’s hand froze in the pot. “No. I’ve never met my mother,” she whispered.
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
She turned to me. “It’s okay. Just be grateful for yours.”
“Did… your mother die?”
Her face darkened. “I don’t know.”
“Why?”
She raised two fingers to my lips to silence me. “Please, don’t ask me any more questions about my mother, okay?”
I nodded. “Sorry.”
Shannon walked over to a cupboard and pulled out two bowls. “It’s okay. Let’s eat, shall we?”

***

The stew was the best I’d ever had. While we ate, she asked me dozens of questions about school and McDonald’s.
“You must have heard of McDonald’s on television?”
“What’s that?” she asked.
My eyebrows shot up. “Television? Seriously, you don’t know?”
“I guess not.”
As I described what a television was, I started getting angry. This beautiful girl was sheltered beyond what seemed to be normal. I could understand not having a television or not eating fast food, but the fact that he wouldn’t even let her outside for fresh air and sun was crazy.
“What do you do for fun?” I asked.
“I read.” Her eyes lit up. “We have a wonderful library with thousands of books.”
Now that was intriguing. “Can I see it?” I asked.
She smiled and stood up. “Of course, let’s go.”
I followed her down the hallway through several doorways until we entered a part of the house that literally took my breath away. With the finely carved capitals, cool antiques, and large fireplace, it looked like something out of an architectural magazine.
“How?” I asked, spinning around the dark-cedar library, trying to figure out if I was caught up in some kind of bizarre dream. “This just can’t be real.”
The massive, round room was lit up by skylights, and because of its size, the fact that it was located in this particular house was unexplainable. I mean, it was larger than the one at my high school!
And the books – there had to be tens of thousands. They lined the curved walls, and went up four levels, which you could access by using the winding spiral stairway.
She grabbed my hand. “Come with me.”
I nodded and let her drag me all the way to the very top. When we reached the highest level of the library, she showed me a doorway.
“What’s in there?” I asked.
“My bedroom.”
My heart began to race. She was inviting me into her bedroom. I’d never been in any girl’s bedroom before.
She opened the door and stepped inside.
I licked my lips. “Um.”
She turned back to me and held out her hand. “Come inside.”
“What if your dad finds out?”
“My dad isn’t here.”
“I…”
She smiled. “I just want to show you something. Don’t be nervous.”
“Okay.”
“Did you think I was going to try and seduce you or something?” she asked with a twinkle in her eyes.
I shook my head, vehemently. “No, no…not at all.”
Who was I kidding? Of course I’d hoped she would. From the look on her face, however, it wasn’t going to happen.
I stepped inside of her bedroom and was shocked, once again.
“Do you like it?” she asked, smiling.
I would if I was a five-year-old girl. Her bedroom walls were decorated with pink and green flowers, rainbows, and hearts. At the foot of her bed, which looked like an enormous princess carriage, sat an oversized white toy box with fairies painted along the outside.
“Wow, well, it’s interesting,” I said, staring in wonder at the shelves lined with china dolls, Barbies, and stuffed animals.
She opened up the toy box and pulled out a large ship. “What about this? Do you think boys like to play with things like this?”
I nodded, touching the sails on the toy. “Yeah, it’s pretty cool.”
She nodded. “Good. I want to make sure they’ll like it. It’s new.”
“Who would like it?”
Her hand flew up to her lips as if she’d said something wrong. “I...”
“What?” I asked.
She cleared her throat. “Nothing. Let’s go back to the library.”
“Okay,” I said, liking that idea. Her room was beginning to creep me out.
“I have a book I want you to see,” she said, closing the toy box. “It’s really beautiful.”
“Sure,” I said, turning towards the door. As I was about to walk out, a shiny glint of light caught the corner of my eye. I turned around and stared curiously. “What’s that?” I asked, pointing towards a large, black pot near her bedroom window.
“Oh,” she said, waving her hand. “Just a pot.”
It was then that I heard it.
Whispers.
“Do you hear that noise?” I asked.
Her eyes narrowed. “What?”
I took a step towards the pot and the sounds grew louder.
Shannon grabbed my arm. “Stay away from it,” she said.
The whispers stopped. “Why?”
She bit her lower lip. “You can’t touch them.”
“Touch what?” I asked, wondering why she was suddenly trembling.
She sighed and then released my arm. That’s when the whispers started again.
“Tell me you don’t hear that?”
Shannon’s eyes filled with tears.
I looked down and that’s when I noticed them.
The gold coins.
“Are these real? “ I asked, sticking my hand into the pot. I pulled out a coin and rubbed my finger over it.
“Put that down!” she hollered.
I stared at her incredulously and dropped the coin back into the pot. “Shannon, settle down.”
Her face seemed to crumple before my eyes. “You must never touch, them, Trent,” she said, tears running down her cheeks. “They could get hurt.”
I touched her shoulder. “Shannon, it’s okay. They’re just coins.”
She shook her head. “No, I have to protect them.”
“Is it really gold?” I asked. There had to have been hundreds of coins.
She didn’t answer the question, instead she grabbed my wrist and squeezed. “A child should be kept closest to the heart,” she whispered, her eyes shining brightly. “Do not squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.”
“What?”
She released my arm. “Go, you must go now. I’ve made a horrible mistake.”
“Shannon –”
Pushing me out of her bedroom, she said, “Quickly. We must get you out of here before he returns. If he catches you…”
I stopped in my tracks and turned back to her. “Wait, what are you so afraid of?” I asked. “Does your father hurt you?”
She shook her head. “No, never. But if he catches you here, he’ll kill you.”

Chapter Five



That night I sat in my bedroom and stared out the window towards Shannon’s house. I couldn’t stop thinking about her warning. Was her father dangerous and would he actually kill someone?
“Trent?”
I turned to my mother, who was standing in the doorway. “Yeah.”
“I’m leaving for work.”
I looked at the clock, it was almost ten-thirty at night. “Okay.”
“Could you do me a favor and crush all of those cans in the garage? I forgot that I’d promised to give them to Mr. Schneider and he’s stopping by in the morning to pick them up.”
“Sure.”
“Are you okay?” she asked.
I stretched my legs out and yawned. “I’m fine, why?”
“You’ve been sitting here in the dark for the last couple of hours, staring across the street at the O’Darby house.”
I smiled. “You noticed?”
“Yeah, several times. What’s going on?”
I shook my head. “Nothing. Just have some things on my mind.”
She put a hand on my shoulder. “Honey, if you ever want to talk…”
“I’m fine, mom.”
“But…”
“Seriously,” I said. “I’m fine.”
She sighed. “Okay. I’ll be home in the morning. Keep the doors locked when you’re sleeping, and if you need anything, call me.”
“Yep.”
After she left, I checked on Ben, who was sleeping. I then closed his bedroom door, grabbed my iPod, and headed out towards the garage.
“Crap,” I said, staring at the large box of cans that needed to be crushed. There had to be almost two-hundred. My mom and her diet soda.
I pulled the box closer to the can-crusher on the wall, plugged in my iPod speakers, and began crushing. After the first fifty or so, I started getting thirsty and walked over to the mini-refrigerator in the corner of the garage. As I bent down, the music stopped playing.
I groaned.
Cheap-ass speakers.
I reached for the bottle of water when I heard a loud mewling noise coming from outside. Thinking it was a cat, I walked outside and looked around.
Nothing.
Sighing, I turned to go back into the garage when I heard a choked sob, coming from across the street. I ran back into the garage and grabbed a hammer, then stepped back outside.
Only fools investigate trouble without a weapon. Not me, hell no. I wasn’t going to be a victim.
A flash of light near O’Darby’s garage caught my attention. Seconds later, Mr. O’Darby himself stepped from around the back of the garage and went inside.
My heart started pounding when I thought of the way he’d glared at me the other night, through his daughter’s window. The malevolence in those eerie eyes still gave me the chills. And the way they’d glowed, what was up with that?
I needed to watch this guy. Shannon had basically admitted he was dangerous. Was it possible that he really was responsible for those missing children and that Ben was right? Crap, what if he was right?
Trying to stay calm, I moved towards the shadow of the bushes in our yard, which actually gave me a better view of O’Darby’s garage, and crouched down. After a short time, Mr. O’Darby stepped out of the garage, mumbling to himself, clearly upset.
“Fools,” he growled, pacing back and forth.
Fools?
After walking back and forth several times, he disappeared into his garage once more. This time I noticed flashes of light coming from his garage.
What in the heck was he doing in there?
There were windows on the other side of his garage, away from the door. If I could get to those windows before he stepped back out of the garage, I could see inside.
Before I could work up enough courage, he stepped back outside of the garage, this time struggling with a large army-green duffel bag.
It was bigger than he was and I imagined him to be four-and-a-half feet tall.
After a few more seconds of struggling, he set it down and began dragging it towards the house. When he reached the steps to the porch and began pulling it up, I heard a strangled cry.
Shit, it was coming from the bag!
O’Darby ignored the sound and disappeared into the house with the duffel bag. I stood up and raced into the house to call the police.

***

“We checked the entire house,” said Matt, my mother’s boyfriend. “There was nothing, Trent.”
“Did you find the duffel bag?” I asked, frustrated.
“Yes, he showed it to us. The only thing in the duffel bag was camping gear.”
“I heard someone crying,” I said. “I swear to God, Matt.”
“I don’t know what to tell you,” he said. “We couldn’t find anything at all.”
“Did you check out the library?”
“Of course. We checked the basement cellar, the kitchen, all of the bedrooms. There was absolutely nothing.”
I sat down at the kitchen table and put my head in my hands. “I don’t understand. What about the garage?” I asked, lifting my head.
Matt sat down across from me. “Yes, of course.”
“This is bullshit. He’s hiding something.”
Our phone started ringing and Matt answered it. “Yes, everyone’s fine, Mira,” he said into the phone. “False alarm.”
I frowned. It wasn’t a false alarm. The crazy old man got rid of the body.
Matt smiled and nodded. “It’s okay, babe. The guy was a little weird. Not a child-slayer, obviously, but strange. Okay, love you, too.”
“Is she mad?” I asked, when he hung up.
He shrugged. “A little. She says you and Ben have been a little spooked lately. I don’t blame you, though. Not with those missing kids.”
I sighed.
“Well, I got to go,” he said. “Do me a favor, will you?”
“What?”
“Stay away from O’Darby. He may not be a killer, but he’s pissed off as all hell that you’ve been sniffing around his daughter and spying on him.”
I folded my arms across my chest and sat back. “Is that what he said?”
“Pretty much.”
“He’s crazy,” I said. “He doesn’t let her go anywhere, not even outside.”
Matt raised his eyebrows.
“Seriously,” I said.
He patted my shoulder. “I spoke to her and she seemed pretty well-adjusted. Listen, get some sleep, now. I’ll see you on Sunday. Mira’s invited me for dinner.”
“Okay.”
After he left, I checked all of the locks and went upstairs to get ready for bed. I kept my light out and went to the window, to shut the blinds. As I reached for the cord, my eyes were once again, drawn to O’Darby’s house.
My heart stopped.
Standing on the lawn, in the darkness, stood O’Darby, staring up at me, his eyes glowing brightly and a dark smile spread across his pale face.
“Oh crap,’ I gasped, backing away from the window.
Suddenly, something slammed against the window and I almost expected to see O’Darby hovering in the darkness, trying to break the glass. But instead, there was something that scared the hell out of me. Glowing brightly on the outside of the window was a clear message that chilled me to the bone –

Ben

Gripped with fear, I rushed out of my bedroom and down the hallway to my little brother’s bed, relieved to find him still sleeping soundly. I stared at the way his thick eyelashes fanned across his cheek and clenched my fists. He could not have my brother.
No way.
I grabbed one of his pillows, slid to the floor and stayed awake for the next three hours until exhaustion finally consumed me and I fell asleep.

Chapter Six


“That’s crazy,” said my mother. “In fact, I went over and spoke to Mr. O’Darby myself and apologized profusely for your actions, Trent.”
I’d just relayed the previous night’s activities to my mother the next morning but she refused to believe that he was a murderer and had basically threatened Ben’s life.
“He’s after Ben,” I protested. “You shouldn’t be apologizing to that guy, mom. He’s a lunatic.”
She pointed to me. “You should be the one apologizing to him.”
I stared at her incredulously. “No way. Even Shannon said he was dangerous. I’m not talking to him.”
“That’s another thing,” she said. “Mr. O’Darby asked that you stay away from Shannon.”
“Fine,” I said. “Whatever.”
She sighed. “I know you’re worried about your brother, especially after those children have disappeared, but you can’t start accusing people because they’re a little weird.”
I raised my chin. “That reminds me, have there been any more missing children?”
She stared at me but didn’t say anything.
“There was, wasn’t there?” I said. “Last night.”
“Yes, twenty miles from here.”
“Was it like the other ones?”
She nodded.
“It was him! He did it! Why don’t you believe me?”
“Did what?” asked Ben, walking into the kitchen.
“Don’t worry about it,” said mom, warning me with her eyes.
“Is it about dad?” he asked, frowning. “Did he cancel?”
She smiled. “No, honey. He hasn’t canceled. In fact, I spoke to him again and everything is all set. He’s picking you up right after school and you’re going to spend the entire weekend with him.”
Ben’s eyes lit up. “Really?”
She pulled him into her arms. “Really.”
“Awesome,” he said. “I can’t wait.”
I could though. Something told me that O’Darby wouldn’t care where Ben was. He’d find him and kidnap him on his tenth birthday.
But not if I could help it.

***

Monday after school, I rushed over to O’Darby’s to talk to Shannon.
“You shouldn’t be here,” said Shannon, through the screen door. “It’s too dangerous.”
“Shannon,” I pleaded. “He’s threatening to take my brother. You have to help me stop him.”
“I can’t stop him,” she whispered, tears forming in her eyes. “Nobody can.”
“Is he the one taking all of the kids?” I asked.
She stared at me but didn’t say anything.
“Shannon,” I pleaded. “Tell me, is he stealing the kids?”
She let out a ragged breath and shook her head. “No. He’s not stealing anyone.”
“I don’t understand. He has to be responsible for the missing children. I can just feel it.”
“He’s not stealing the children, but he does take them.”
“I don’t understand.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
“Tell me what’s happening. Please! It’s my little brother. I can’t let him take Ben.”
“They’ve been offered to him.”
My eyes widened. “What?”
“He’s collecting on payments that are due, on the child’s tenth birthday.”
“Are you serious?”
It sounded insane. Who would offer a child for payment? And for what?
Her eyes grew large. “He’s coming, I feel it. You have to go!” she cried, slamming the door in my face.
I backed away and turned around, only to find Mr. O’Darby standing at the bottom of the steps.
A smile spread across his ruddy face. “Foolish boy. You just don’t learn, do you?”
Before I could answer, he raised his hand and a ball of green light began to form. As I stared in horrific wonder, he pulled his hand back and thrust it at me.

***

I shot up in my bed, gasping for breath.
“Trent! Thank God!” cried my brother, throwing his arms around me.
“Wha…what happened?” I asked when he pulled away.
His eyes were red and puffy, as if he’d been crying. “I found you outside, passed out on the front lawn. I shook you until you stood up and then walked inside. I was so freaked out because you wouldn’t talk to me, Trent. You just ignored me.”
“What?”
He nodded. “Yeah, you reminded me of a zombie, except you weren’t bloody or missing body parts.”
My heart began to race as the memories came back. Mr. O’Darby had hit me with some kind of magical light!
But he hadn’t killed me.
Odd.
“Did you see Mr. O’Darby outside?” I asked.
“No, thank God.”
I stood up, moved to the window, and looked outside. It was still daylight. “What time is it?”
“It’s six-fifteen,” he said. “I’m hungry. Can you make me something to eat?”
I stared at Shannon’s house and noticed she had curtains on her window now. “Yeah,” I said, turning back to Ben. “Let’s go downstairs.”

***

“That was really weird,” said Ben, finishing his milk. “The way you passed out.”
I finished chewing the rest of my macaroni-and-cheese. “Don’t worry about it,” I said. “I probably just needed some food.” No way was I going to tell him what really happened.
“Oh.”
“Listen, I want you to do me a favor. When you’re at your dad’s, call me if you need anything. I don’t care what time of the day it is. I mean it.”
“Okay,” he said.
I reached over and ruffled his hair. “You’re a good brother.”
He smiled. “You too.”

Chapter Seven


The rest of the week was pretty uneventful, but I didn’t take my eyes off of Ben when school was out. I even slept on the floor of his bedroom at night.
“Why are you doing that?” he asked after the second night I’d set up camp.
I shrugged. “I just think we should spend more time together. Pretty soon I’ll be going off to college, you know.”
He smiled. “Oh, yeah.”
Mom didn’t notice at all because she was on third shift the entire week.
“I’m going to miss you this weekend,” she said to Ben before leaving for work Thursday night. “I don’t know what I’m going to do without seeing your beautiful blue eyes.”
“It’s only one weekend mom, sheesh.”
She kissed the top of his head. “To me it’s going to feel like a lifetime.”
Those words gave me the chills.
He smiled. “I’ll call you every night.”
“And I’ll call you every day,” she said, hugging him.
After she left for work, I stared out the window, towards the O’Darby’s house, wondering when he’d try taking Ben. I wasn’t sure, but I knew one thing, I wouldn’t be too far.

***

Jake showed up for his son Friday afternoon. It had been almost a year since I’d seen him and he looked very different. Not only was he wearing clean clothes, but his dark red hair was neatly trimmed, his beard was gone, and he looked… sober.
“Hey, Ben,” he said, throwing his arms around him. “I’m so happy to see you!”
“Dad!” cried Ben. “I missed you so much.”
Jake looked at me and smiled. “Hi, Trent.”
I nodded towards the Mercedes. “Nice ride.”
“Thanks,” he said, opening the door for Ben.
“Doing pretty good these days?”
He closed the door and shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.”
“You hear about those missing kids?” I asked.
“Unfortunately.”
Ben rolled down his window. “Goodbye, Trent!”
“See you soon, buddy! Have a great birthday with your dad!”
“Thanks,” he said and then rolled up the window.
“Take care of him,” I said.
“Of course. He’s my son,” said Jake.
We stared at each other for a minute and then he got into the car. I watched as he pulled away and then made my move.

***

“Hi, Shannon,” I said, staring at her through the screen door.
“You’re very persistent,” she said with a bitter smile. “You just won’t give up.”
I grabbed the screen door handle and was relieved to find it unlocked. “No, not when it comes to Ben.”
She stared at me in horror as I swung the door open and grabbed her wrist. “What are you doing?”
“Sorry, but I need you,” I said, pulling her outside onto the porch.
She tried pulling her arm away. “Stop, this, please, Trent!”
“It’s the only way I can think of saving him. I’m sorry,” I said.
“Trent, would you…just…stop!”
I released my grip on her and rubbed my forehead. “Look, I’m sorry, okay? It’s Ben’s birthday. His tenth. Your dad’s going to take him if I don’t do something to stop him.”
She rubbed her wrist. “How is kidnapping me going to help?”
“Negotiation. Ben in return for you.”
“Seriously? That’s all you’ve got?”
I nodded. “Yeah.”
She groaned. “You still don’t get it.”
“What’s there to get? He’s a lunatic and wants my brother.”
“Look, all he has to do is snap his fingers and I’m back home and in my room. You can’t stop him.”
“What about you?”
“What about me?”
“You’re his daughter, don’t you have any powers? Can’t you help me stop him?”
“No, he’s much too powerful.”
I grabbed her wrist, again. “Sorry, Shannon, but I don’t have time for arguing. We’re leaving.”
“Trent…”
“Listen, What if I buy you a cheeseburger along the way? Would you at least consider helping me?”
She sucked in her breath. “From McDonald’s?”
I smiled. “Yes. I’ll even get you a bigger one this time.”
“Why didn’t you just say so?” she said, this time pulling me down the steps.
“Are you going to be okay in the sun?” I asked, looking up in the sky.
“Yes. I’m not a vampire, goofball.”
As far as I was concerned, stopping a vampire would be easier.

Chapter Eight



“This is so good,” she groaned, as we sat outside of Jake’s gated mansion in the darkness. “It’s even better than the last one.”
“It’s a quarter-pounder,” I said, tapping my fingers on the steering wheel.
“Well, thank you for getting it.”
“Does he have a set time when he takes the kids?” I asked, getting more frustrated by the minute. What if he’d already taken Ben?
“Usually at the exact time they were born. But…then again, it’s not always the case. It’s a matter of convenience.”
“So, we have no idea.” The truth was, I didn’t even know what time Ben had been born.
“Don’t worry – I’ll feel his presence when he arrives.”
“Good.”
“Look, I know you don’t understand this, but he only takes children that are given to him.”
“I still don’t understand that,” I said, raising my voice. “Nobody gave Ben to your father.”
She motioned towards the house. “Really?”
I tightened my grip on the steering wheel. “No, Jake wouldn’t give away his son.”
At least I didn’t want to believe it.
“He’s obviously wealthy. Was he always this rich?” she asked, taking another bite of the burger.
“No. He was a drunken loser who used to beat his wife,” I mumbled.
She nodded. “Well, it’s obvious, then. He made a deal with my dad.”
“A deal?”
“Riches for his first-born child.”
“What – is your dad, like, the Devil or something?”
“No, he’s a Leprechaun.”
“I thought they were supposed to be happy little guys who brought luck?”
“Just be lucky he didn’t kill you the other day.”

***

Dreams of four-leaf clovers, rainbows, and evil Leprechauns invaded my sleep. Just when I was about to lose the pot of gold, someone was shaking my shoulder. I opened my eyes and stared into Shannon’s pools of green.
“He’s here,” she whispered.
We quickly got out of the car, walked up to the gate, and stopped.
“If he really gave Ben to your dad, he’s not going to just let us in.”
She sighed. “Give me your hand.”
I did and watched as she closed her eyes.
“Close your eyes,” she said. “Or you’re going to be very dizzy.”
“Okay.”
The next thing I knew, we were inside the large Colonial mansion, in one of the hallways.
“How did you do that?”
She dropped my hand and smoothed down her white and green skirt. “My dad isn’t the only Leprechaun in the family.”
“A Leprechaun?” My eyes traveled down her long legs. “You certainly don’t look like one.”
She shrugged. “My mother was a Tree Nymph.”
“Oh, well obviously.”
“Where’s your brother’s room?” she asked.
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
She closed her eyes and then opened them. “We have to hurry. They’re in the den.”
“Where’s that?” I asked.
She grabbed my hand and told me to close my eyes again.
“What is the meaning of this?” growled the familiar angry voice of O’Darby.
Knowing how powerful he was, I didn’t waste any time. I pulled Shannon in closer to me. “I have your daughter, so don’t you dare touch Ben.”
“Trent!”
I turned towards my brother’s voice and found him cowering behind Jake in the corner of the room.
“Trent, what are you doing here?” asked Jake.
“I’m here to stop you from giving away my little brother, asshole!”
His lips thinned. “No, I’m not letting him take Ben. I’ve already refused.”
O’Darby stepped closer to Jake and pointed his finger at him. “We made a deal. It was non-negotiable.”
Tears filled Jake’s eyes. “I was wrong, he’s my son. You can’t take him away from me!”
O’Darby spread out his hands and grinned. “You gave him up, for all of this. Isn’t this everything you’ve ever wanted?”
“It was, but not anymore. I’m not that same man.”
“Well, that’s too bad for you. You see, once you’ve made a deal, there’s no going back.”
I took a step towards O’Darby. “I won’t let you take him!”
His eyes flew back to me. “You can’t stop me, boy!”
“I’ll trade you, Shannon for Ben,” I said, pushing her behind me.
He stared at me for a minute and then threw his head back and laughed. “Oh, that’s priceless. You’re trying to make a deal with me?”
I nodded. “Yes, leave my brother alone and you can take Shannon back.”
He clutched his stomach and started laughing harder.
“Get out of my house!” growled Jake, who was apparently finding his backbone. “Leave us!”
O’Darby wiped the tears from his eyes. “It’s time to leave. Come here, Ben.”
“No!” he cried. “Please don’t let him take me, daddy!”
“I have another appointment in fifteen minutes,” said O’Darby, looking at his watch. “I don’t have time for this. I’m just going to have to add him to the pot right now, forget about playtime.”
“Pot?” gasped Ben.
“Playtime?” I asked.
“I usually let Shannon play with the children, then rock them to sleep before the transformation. No time tonight.” Then, there was a flash of light and the large pot from Shannon’s bedroom appeared next to O’Darby.
“Did you like my treasures?” he asked, staring directly at me. He dipped his hand into the pot and brought out a handful of coins. “They’re lovely, aren’t they?”
As I stared at the coins, images of young faces began to appear. Frightened faces.
“No!” I gasped, realizing what he’d done with the children.
O’Darby stared at the coins in delight. “Treasures, all of them. I think so, at least. So does Shannon, obviously. She takes care of them even after they’ve transformed.”
“How could you do this?” I asked. “You have a daughter of your own! How could you?”
His eyes regarded me curiously. “You look at me like I’m some kind of monster,” he said. “But their parents, they’re the ones who’ve traded them. They gave them up for riches, fame, and fortune.”
“What they did,” I said, staring at him in horror, “was give up the most precious gifts they’d already owned for things that are worth nothing in comparison.”
O’Darby smiled. “Very good, boy. Very good.”
“And you carry them around in a pot,” I said, glaring at him. “Like that is any better.”
He frowned. “They are my treasures now. I keep them safe.”
“Are you kidding me? They’re prisoners! Look at their faces! They’re miserable!”
He stared at the coins for a few seconds and then shrugged. “It’s the way it is. Always has been that way through the generations. At least we still value them more than their parents.”
“If you value them, then set them free!”
He licked his lips and nodded. “I feel your passion for the children, young man, really I do, but…”
“Do you think you’re any better? They are suffering!” I said, staring at the coins. “Look, they’re crying!”
Sure enough, the faces on the coins were covered in tears and if you listened hard enough, you could hear them sob.
“Wait,” said Shannon, stepping around me. “There is another way.”
His eyebrows shot up. “What say you, daughter?”
“Father, a riddle. Let’s ask him a riddle and if he gets it right, release all of them. Remember the old days?”
O’Darby’s eyes lit up. “Oh, I do love a riddle, yes I do. That’s a splendid idea, my darling.”
“If I answer your riddle,” I said. “You’ll leave them all go?”
“Well…” mumbled the Leprechaun, rubbing his chin. “I’d hate to lose them but then again, I doubt you’ll ever answer my riddle correctly.”
“But if I do, will you let them all go?”
He waved his hand. “Yes, very well.”
I inhaled. “Okay, lay it on me.”
“Wait!” yelled Jake, who’d been listening in stunned silence. “Can I help solve the riddle?”
“No,” said O’Darby. “Only the young man. His heart is pure, unlike yours.”
“But…” argued Jake.
“Why don’t you do the honors,” interrupted O’Darby, turning towards Shannon. “Since it was your idea.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Really?”
“Yes. But don’t you dare give him an easy one, or I will take back my offer.”
“Okay, father.” She turned to me. “Trent, think hard – a mile from end to end, yet as close to you as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all. What am I?”
I closed my eyes and thought about the words. If I got this wrong, it would be the end of Ben.
“Trent?” asked Ben.
I let out a ragged breath and opened my eyes. “Something these coins haven’t felt for a long time. A smile.”
O’Darby stared at me and then smiled. “Very good, unfortunately, that one was a little too easy, I see.”
“But, father!” protested Shannon.
He raised his hand. “Just wait, Shannon.”
“But!”
“Silence!” He then turned to me. “I need one more thing from you, boy. You see, if I release these children, they’ll need homes and I’ll need to know that you’ll find loving ones. Give me a good reason why I should trust you with my treasure?”
I thought back to what Shannon had said to me the other day. It was beautiful and summed up the love that a parent should have for their children. “Because I believe that every child should be kept closest to the heart, and I would never squander what is innocent to gratify that which is wicked.”
His face darkened and he looked at Shannon. “You shared this with him?”
She didn’t say anything.
“You know in your heart,” I said, “If you really have one, that I hold these words just as true as you, Leprechaun.”
He stared at me for a few seconds and then threw his head back and laughed. “Oh,” he said, shaking his finger at me. “You know, I like you, boy. You are quite amusing.”
“Are you going to let them go?” I asked. “You promised!”
He sighed and nodded. “Yes, indeed. Sometimes a pot needs to be emptied.”
“Thank God,” I said, falling to my knees as Ben rushed over to me. I pulled my brother into my arms and held him tight to my chest.
“But,” said O’Darby, grinning darkly, “mark my words, the pot won’t stay empty. There are many people in this world, too willing to refill it.”

***


O’Darby was true to his word and the children were released from the pot. Some of them had been imprisoned for centuries, some for only a week or two. Most, mercifully, couldn’t remember anything, including their parents, who’d given them up.
Fortunately, Shannon volunteered to help care for the children, in an old family castle in Ireland, while we searched for loving homes. Again, without her magic, there is no way we could have succeeded without going to the police and sending some of them back to the people who’d given them up like a pair of shoes.
It took us four years to find homes for three hundred-and-twenty-two children. During that time, Shannon and I fell in love and eventually married. During the ceremony, her father, who I still despised and kept a close eye on, offered us a castle of our own, to live out the rest of our days.
I refused.
“You’ll do,” he said, nodding in approval. “You’ll do.”


***

The End

Kristen Middleton lives in the Midwest with her husband, Dave, and daughters, Cassie and Allie. She spends her days chasing kids, drinking iced-coffee, and obsessing over completing her current book or starting the next one. Besides spending time with her family, she enjoys reading, movies, traveling, cooking, and watching 'The Walking Dead' and 'Shameless' on Sunday Nights. She also LOVES getting emails from her readers, so (unless you're craving brains or blood) don't be afraid to send her a message at: kristenmiddletonauthor@yahoo.com.

Other Books
Zombie Games Series:
Origins (Book One)
Running Wild (Book Two)
Dead Endz (Book Three)
Road Kill (Book Four)
End Zone (Book Five)

Night Roamers Series:
Blur (Book One)
Shiver (Book Two)
Vengeance (Book Three)
Illusions (Book Four - Available April 1st, 2014)

Witches of Bayport Series:
Enchanted Secrets
Enchanted Objects

Author Links
www.kristenmiddleton.com
Facebook Author Page








ELEMENT
Part 1

By
CM Doporto


PUBLISHED BY:
CM Doporto

Element
Copyright © 2012 by CM Doporto

Thank you for downloading this book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. If you enjoyed this book, then please encourage your friends to download their own copy.

Published by: CM Doporto
Cover art by: Amygdala Design
Edited by: Melinda Fulton

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners. Any trademarks used are specifically in a descriptive capacity.

Thank you for your support.

For my husband,
thank you for sharing your dream with me and helping me make my dream come true.
You are the love of my life.

Acknowledgements

First, I would like to thank our Heavenly Father for giving me the opportunity to do what I love, write. You have proven to me over and over that everything is possible through you.
There are so many people that have helped me along this journey and I would be remiss in not mentioning them. My dear friend, Amy, thank you for reading the very first few chapters and encouraging me to continue. Looking back at that first draft, I don’t know what you liked, but I’m happy I took your advice. To my sister, Melissa, thank you so much for reading the first draft, all 140,000 words, and offering your recommendations. I think you should put that talent to good use. Melinda Fulton, my editor, for all your coaching and advice. I appreciate you holding my basket and reassuring me that I was on the right track!
To my author friends, CL Pardington and Chrissy Peebles, I appreciate your guidance on self-publishing. I’m glad I decided to be an Indie author! To all my beta readers, Amber, Amy, Jaime, Jennifer, Johnny, Missy, Sam, Sheri, and especially my husband, Louis, thank you for taking the time to read through the story and provide me valuable feedback. Jenny, Susa, and Kim, my critique partners, I appreciate the advice and honest opinions. Everyone’s feedback and recommendations have helped make Element a stronger story.
I have to give a big shout out to my street team, CM’s Heroes and Heroines. You guys rock and I’m indebted to you! Lastly, I would like to thank all the bloggers and book reviewers for taking the time to read my story and provide an honest review. You all help get the word out about great books and play a huge role with influencing readers to buy them. If I missed anyone at all, I’m sorry, but know that I appreciate your help.




Table of Contents

Chapter 1: New Beginnings
Chapter 2: Undeniable Feelings
Chapter 3: A Leap of Faith
Chapter 4: Feelings Unleashed
Chapter 5: Unexplainable Changes
Chapter 6: There’s No Denying
Chapter 7: The Transformation
Chapter 8: Inevitable
About the Author




Chapter 1: New Beginnings

“Ladies and gentlemen we are approaching a storm and it’s going to be a little rough until we clear it.” The captain announced. “Please stay seated and turn off all electrical devices immediately. Thank you.”
Natalie looked out the small oval window. Raindrops smeared across it, dancing their way to the side. Lightening flashed and she shuddered. She hated flying when there was a storm. For a moment, she wished she would have taken the later flight, but she wanted to get back early since classes resumed tomorrow. She reminded herself that she had a great Spring Break in Chicago with her family and ending it with her cousin’s fairytale wedding made it all worth it.
A sudden jolt called her attention back to the situation at hand. The plane shook and rattled as it flew on the edge of thick, dark clouds. Within seconds, darkness consumed the plane and the day turned into night. Out in the blackness of the sky she saw powerful flashes of light stretching out like tentacles waiting for the plane to enter. She pulled the blanket closer to her, clutching it up against her chest, somehow hoping it would calm the drumming of her heart.
“What the —” she blurted out when the plane hit another patch of rough turbulence. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
A horrible rumble echoed through the plane as it wavered from side to side. Gasps and sighs along with people begging and pleading to God were heard throughout the plane. She swallowed hard, feeling the vitamins she took ten minutes ago ease their way up. Without warning, the plane dropped several feet. Her heart hit the bottom of her stomach. An alarm sounded and emergency instructions echoed through the overhead speakers. Gasping for air, she grabbed the arm rests and her body stiffened. Her eyes stayed fixed on the flashing red and white lights above her head. Please God, don’t let me die! Please.
“Natalie… Natalie, wake up. You’re having another nightmare.” Her college roommate, Lise, shook her several times before she finally awoke.
“What?” She sprung up in her bed. Sweat trickled down the sides of her forehead and she breathed heavily.
“You’re okay. It was just a nightmare.” Lise turned on a bedside lamp and then sat down next to her.
It took her a few seconds to realize that she had been dreaming. She wiped the sweat away and the pounding of her heart turned into a slow thud. She flopped back onto the bed and took a few deep breaths. “I don’t know why I keep having these darn nightmares.”
“I do.” Lise replied.
Natalie looked at her. “You do?”
“Uh, yeah… because you said you nearly died on that plane. You’re probably experiencing post stress or something like that.”
Natalie swallowed hard. She couldn’t be experiencing post-traumatic stress because only soldiers suffer from things like that, right? “No, I don’t think so. I mean, it was horrible and scary but…”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Lise’s green eyes softened.
“What is there to talk about?” Natalie sat up. She hadn’t told anyone the full details about what she experienced on the plane, including her parents. She wasn’t about to tell Lise either.
“Sometimes it’s good to talk about horrible events. It can help you get over them.” Lise played with the edge of her t-shirt, rolling it up.
“Thanks, but I’ll be fine.” She glanced over at the clock on the window ledge. “I guess we should start getting dressed.”
Lise turned and looked at the clock. “Crap, I don’t want to be late.”
Natalie threw back the covers. “Neither do I. First impressions are everything.”

***

Lise kicked Natalie’s foot under the table. “That guy keeps looking over here. He is way too cute.”
Natalie adjusted her glasses and did a quick glance over to where the guy sat. “I think I know him.”
She leaned in closer to Natalie. “You do? From where?”
“I went to high school with him.” Natalie shot another quick glance to make sure.
“You did. How lucky can you be? Did you ever go out with him?” Lise whispered.
Natalie put her hand in front of her mouth, to muffle her words. “No. He had a girlfriend. I don't even think he knows who I am.”
“Well, the guy sitting next to him is cute too.” Lise played with her hair, twirling it around her finger while glancing up occasionally at them.
She nudged Lise’s arm. “Quit staring. They know we're talking about them.”
Lise huffed and rolled her eyes, eventually turning her attention back to the front of the room. Ms. Thompson, the human resource representative for Kronberg Laboratories, spoke in a low monotone voice. After two hours of literally reading Power Point slides, she had half the room yawning, including Natalie.
The door opened and a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair sauntered into the conference room. Everyone sat up straight. It was as though he demanded everyone’s undivided attention without speaking a word.
“Mr. Hayle. I, uhhh, didn’t realize you were stopping by.” Ms. Thompson quickly perked up when she saw the sleek suited man. “Everyone, this is Mr. Russ Hayle, CEO & President of Hayle Industries and Kronberg Laboratories.”
The room erupted into a welcoming cheer. Natalie clapped her hands and stood up, like everyone else but something about him rubbed her the wrong way. Maybe it was the way he flaunted his arrogance like a proud king over his country. Prior to applying for the internship, she had done her research on this business tycoon. Although he impressed her with the empire he had built, Dr. Albin Kronberg, the scientist behind the natural supplement line, had her full attention. She couldn’t wait to meet him. Especially since she had been testing out some of his products and would be interning in his lab.
“Thank you. Thank you.” He held up one hand in the air, in a dictatorial manner. The clapping came to an abrupt stop. “I know everyone is getting great information from Ms. Thompson but I wanted to take the time and welcome each of you. This is the largest summer internship group we have hired since opening our doors.” He surveyed the room, meeting the eyes of several students. “We are expecting wonderful results from each of you in this program. While this is only a summer program, many of you will be offered an opportunity to continue working here while you pursue your college education. The rest of you may not. It all depends on your performance and I expect the best from each and every person whether you are an intern or an executive.”
Mr. Hayle continued with his elaborate and somewhat parental speech. She listened carefully, like a good student should. Even though he was an excellent speaker, he lacked in his ability to be personable and it made her feel distant rather than welcomed. Regardless, this internship was an opportunity of a lifetime. She would learn everything she could while working there.
“As a way to welcome each of you, I am inviting you to the VIP grand opening of The Regal on Sixth Street tonight.” He pulled out a stack of cards and handed them to Ms. Thompson. “I hope to see everyone there. Good luck to each of you.” He gave a quick wave and walked out the door.
“OMG. He is uber cool. I can’t believe I’m actually interning here.” Lise wiggled in her seat, smiling.
“Me either.” Natalie watched Mr. Hayle walk out of the room.
“That should wrap up orientation. Does anyone have any questions?” Ms. Thompson asked, taking her reading glasses off. “No? I guess we are done. If you need anything, my contact information is listed in your folder. I’ll stay around for a while if you have any questions. The passes for the VIP party are here in front.” She laid the cards down on the table in front of her.
Before Natalie could even get out of her seat, Lise had already made her way to the front of the room collecting a few passes. Natalie placed her folder in her backpack and zipped it up and waited for Lise.
“I know where we’re going tonight.” Lise held up the passes in front of her.
Natalie shook her head and put her purse on her shoulder. “Hmmmm, I don't know.”
“Oh, come on. Don't be a party pooper. ” Lise put her hands on her hips and pouted her lower lip.
“Excuse me.”
Natalie and Lise both turned their heads in the direction of the deep, raspy voice. Standing in front of them were the two guys from across the room. Both of them wore button down shirts and slacks that clung to their well-defined bodies. They looked like they had just finished a photo shoot for an ad in a magazine.
“Yes?” Lise smiled, her cheeks turning a slight rosy color.
Natalie tried to speak, but her voice caught low in her throat. Her heart raced and she swore it pumped so loud that everyone could hear it. Say something. Anything.
“Hello, I’m Ryan.” He stuck out his hand but she couldn’t move. Every muscle in her body tensed, including her eyes. They were fixed on him, like he had cast a spell upon her unknowingly.
“I’m Lise Turner.” She reached out her hand, nudging Natalie as she shook his hand.
“Nice to meet you Lise.” He gave her a friendly shake.
Lise turned to the other guy. “And you are?”
“I’m Sal Rodriguez. Nice to meet you.” He had short, dark hair and an olive skin tone that hinted he must be Hispanic. His style was slightly more rugged than his friend’s with a five o’clock shadow.
“Ryan? Ryan Garrett? Go Bullfrogs?” Natalie hesitated, not wanting to be wrong. If her instincts were correct, which they usually were, she knew who he was. He was the high school football star that every girl drooled over, including herself. What was he doing there at UT Austin? Last she had heard he went to TCU.
“Yeah, I thought I knew you from somewhere.” He held up his finger, pointing at her. “I’m sorry, I forgot your name.”
“Natalie. Natalie Vega.” She stuttered the words out, feeling like a complete idiot.
“Nice to meet ya.” His Texas drawl, coupled with his one dimpled smile, made her want to melt into the floor. He held his hand out again in front of her. She reached for his hand and the moment her skin touched his, a surge of energy penetrated her. A wave of dizziness flowed through her body. She stumbled backward trying to keep her balance.
“Hey, are you okay?” Ryan reached forward and caught her in his arms, before she fell back. When she felt the warmth of his embrace, everything went limp and she struggled to gain focus. A flush of heat flowed up her body, numbing her and seizing her breath. He scooped her up with little effort. Her face rested perfectly in the curve of his neck, allowing his manly scent to infiltrate her airways. It stirred up emotions she’d never felt before.
“Nat? Are you alright? Do I need to call 911?” Lise spat off a thousand questions. She tried to speak, but couldn’t get her throat to unclench. She shook her head.
She heard Sal take charge. “Come on everyone, give her some room. Can somebody get some cold water for her, please?”
Ryan lay her down gently on top of one of the tables in the conference room. He released his arms from around her, allowing his hand to slide up her back until he cradled her head in the palm of his hand. “Lay back for a moment. Just relax.”
His voice touched a part of her that made her respond willingly and freely. “Okay.” His light brown eyes caught her gaze and at that moment, something between them exchanged. It was a feeling, a relentless force, somehow bringing their souls close together. She took a few slow breaths, and with every inhalation she swore she could feel him, smell him, and literarily taste him. She wondered if he felt that instant connection. By the look in his eyes, something deep within her told her he did.
“Is she okay?” Ms. Thompson interrupted their moment. When Ryan didn’t respond, she turned to Natalie. “Are you okay?”
Natalie didn’t answer. She couldn’t seem to take her eyes off of him. It seemed like a full minute had passed before Ryan broke his gaze and turned to Ms. Thompson. “I don’t know. I mean, I think she is.”
She blinked a few times and gathered her senses. “Yeah... I’m okay. I got a little dizzy.” She rubbed her forehead with her fingers. Then she realized the small audience gathered around them. She wanted to run out of the room, but knew that wouldn’t be very smart. She struggled to get up. “I can sit up now.”
“Are you sure?” He smoothed a few strands of hair away from her face.
Her heart wanted to say no, but her head told her to say yes. She wanted nothing more than to stay right there next to him. Feel the warmth of his embrace and remain within the security of his hands. Instead she responded, “Yeah.”
He guided her up slowly.
“Do you need some water?” Sal handed her an icy cold water bottle.
“Thank you.” She took the bottle from him, but had trouble opening it. Her hands felt like JELL-O along with everything else.
“Spoiler alert. She’s fine.” Sal turned around and urged the crowd to leave. Relief flowed over her. She didn't like to be the center of attention and by the size of the crowd, she had been.
“Here, allow me.” Ryan took the water bottle from her hands and opened it with little effort. He handed it back to her.
“Thank you.” She sipped the water slowly.
“Are you okay?” Lise took Natalie’s purse off her shoulder. Somehow she managed to keep it hanging to her side.
“I’m fine. I got dizzy for a second, that’s all.” She took another sip of water.
“Do you need us to call a doctor for you?” Ms. Thompson removed her cell phone from her belt clip.
“No. I’m fine… really, I am.” Natalie insisted.
“Okay. Take it easy. We will see you in two weeks. Let me know if anything changes. You have my number and email in your folder.”
“Okay. Thank you.” Natalie smiled at Ms. Thompson, giving her that extra reassurance. She smiled back and then walked away along with everyone else still watching.
Natalie’s heart beat rapidly and her mouth was dry as cotton, despite the cold water she continued to sip. Ryan stood right next to her, which made her feel even more nervous. What had gotten in to her? Why was she feeling this way about him? She took another sip of water and kept her head down. It really sucked feeling this way around guys. For once, she wished she could be more like Lise: outgoing, fun and not afraid to make friends.
“Are you okay now?” Ryan asked hesitantly, patting her shoulder.
“Yes… yes I am.” She nodded and then swiveled around until her legs dangled off the table.
“I hope you are, because I still want to go out tonight.” Lise reached down to pick up the VIP passes she dropped on the floor.
Sal reached down at the same time she did and they bumped heads.
“Owww.” Lise grabbed her head.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t see you reach down.” Sal rubbed the top of his head. His cheeks reddened.
“It’s okay.” Lise shook it off and gave him a big smile.
She turned to Natalie. “Come on. Everyone will be there.” Lise glanced over at Ryan and Sal. “Are you two planning on going?”
Ryan shrugged. “Yeah, I guess. What about y'all?"
Natalie peeked out from behind her glasses, trying to gauge his interest. Gathering her courage, she lifted her head. “Ummm… maybe.”
“Okay. Hopefully we will see ya'll out there tonight.” He said with a smile and a wink.
Her mouth fell open. Did Ryan Garrett just wink at me? She couldn’t say anything, so she nodded.
“See you guys later tonight.” Lise jumped up and down on the balls of her feet. She held onto the passes like they were the winning ticket to the Texas lotto.
“See you later.” Sal shot Lise a half-smile. Lise fluttered her long faux eye lashes at him. She was hooked. Natalie shook her head, wondering why her roommate fell for guys so easily.
The moment the guys left the room Lise screamed, “OMG, how lucky can we get? Those are the two hottest guys I have ever seen. They have to be from that spirit club, what are they called,” Lise motioned with her hands.
“Texas Cowboys?” Natalie stood up slowly; making sure the dizziness had subsided. Still feeling a little woozy, she held onto the table, since her friend was too busy reminiscing about the hotties.
“Yeah, or maybe they’re football players. Did you see the muscles on them?” Lise continued to rattle on about them. “Oh, sorry. Did you need help?” Lise held out her hand.
“No. I’ve got it.”
“What happened?” Lise picked up Natalie's backpack and purse.
“I don’t know. I got dizzy all of a sudden.” Natalie tried to take her purse from Lise but she pushed Natalie’s hand away.
“I got it. Let’s get back to the dorm, grab a bite to eat, and get ready for tonight.” They made their way out of the room.
“Maybe I should stay in and rest.” Natalie walked close to Lise, just in case she got dizzy again.
“What? No. You’re going out. You're not staying home another night.”
Natalie let out a sigh. “Lise I really don't want to talk about this right now. I want to go and lie down for a while.”
Lise's shoulders sank and her backpack along with her and Lise's purse slid off both her arms. “Oh, alright. Let's get you back to the dorm.”

***

Natalie sat up on her elbows when she heard the door open. She shielded her eyes with her hand when the light from the hallway shined onto her face.
“Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you.” Lise shut the door softly.
“That's okay. I need to get up.” Natalie flipped her bedside lamp on. “What time is it anyways?”
“Seven, I think.” Lise flipped on the main light in the dorm room.
“Already?” She threw back the covers and sat on the side of her bed.
“Yeah, already. I did bring you something back from Texadelphia.” She sat down a brown paper bag on Natalie's desk.
“Thanks Lise. Why didn't you wake me up? I would have gone with you.”
“You were sleeping so good, I didn't want to bother you. So I went with Shannon and Macie.” She turned on the TV and then went to her closet and started going through her clothes.
“Oh good, you didn't have to eat alone.”
“So, do you think you feel like going out tonight?” She looked over her shoulder at Natalie, giving her a please say yes look.
“Oh, Lise, I don't think I'm up to it. Ask Shannon and Macie to go with you.”
Lise stomped her feet on the ground. “What? Come on Nat, you know I don't like going out to bars with our suite mates. They are so lame. Besides, you haven't been out since Spring break.”
“I'm sorry. I'm not ready to go out.” Natalie lay back down on her bed. She didn’t want to admit that seeing her old high school crush had definitely stirred up some buried feelings.
“Not ready? What you need to do is forget about Tony and go have some fun for crying out loud. Our freshman year is ending.”
“I don’t care, Lise.” Natalie grabbed her pillow and covered her head. Even though Lise was a great friend, she really didn’t want to listen to her lecture about what she needed to do. She knew how to handle her split with Tony and she didn’t need Lise telling her how to do it. More than anything she was afraid that if she went out she’d run into him or maybe even Ryan.
“Come on, Nat. You can't stop living your life because of him.” She tugged on the pillow, trying to uncover her face.
She shoved the pillow to the side of the bed and sat up. “I am living. He hasn't ruined my life.”
“Well, you haven’t been yourself since you broke up with him. All you do is workout, go to class, study and sleep.” Lise put her hands on her hips.
When Natalie tried to get up, she moved side to side blocking her. She sat on the edge of the bed waiting patiently for her to move. Lise continued to babble words of encouragement but she ignored her. Frustrated, she pushed Lise out of the way and got up from her bed.
“Where are you going?” Lise stumbled to the side.
Natalie didn’t answer. She walked over to her dresser and pulled out some shorts and a tank top. She changed her clothes and put on her running shoes. When she stood up, she caught her reflection in the mirror. Her hair was a stringy mess and she barely had any makeup on. She told herself she didn’t care, but decided to redo her ponytail anyway.
“I’ll be back later. I’m going to workout.” Natalie grabbed her gym bag and headed for the door.
“Wait. I ummmm…wanna go.” Lise stumbled around the room trying to find her running shoes.
She stopped and turned around. “Lise, you hate to workout. Besides, you have a great body.”
“Uhhh, no I don’t. I’ve gained at least ten pounds this semester. So I could really use your help.”
“If you say so.” Natalie raised her brows and shook her head. If only she could be as lucky as her blonde, green-eyed friend. Who happened to be naturally gifted with big boobs, a small waist and a firm butt that any girl would envy, despite her disillusionment of being overweight. The fact that Lise was almost a whole year older than her gave her a glimmer of hope.
Lise looked up from tying her shoe. “I think that class you’re taking is really making a difference. Have you checked out your legs lately?”
Natalie glanced down at her legs, flexing them and turning them from side to side. The definition in her quadriceps and calves had definitely changed. Either the working out or the supplements she had been taking was making a difference. Maybe both.
“Okay, let’s go.” Lise seemed overly enthusiastic.
They left the dorm room and walked down the hall. “I hope you can keep up with me.” Natalie let out a slight smile, looking over her shoulder. Lise trailed behind, dodging a slew of oncoming female students in the long corridor of the dorm.
By the time they made it to the common area, Lise’s enthusiasm had dwindled away and a worried look formed on her face. “I’ve done Zumba before. I think I can keep up.”
“If you say so.” Natalie said holding the door open for her.
The moment they stepped outside, Lise’s attention shifted. “OMG it’s feels hotter out here than it did thirty minutes ago.” She pulled up her hair and clipped it to the side.
Natalie wiped the sweat forming along her hairline on her forehead. “I can't imagine what this summer is going to be like.” She led the way across the campus lawn.
“Brutal. That's what it will feel like. Hey, let’s take the shuttle.” Lise pointed to the bus stop.
“No, it’s a short walk.” Natalie kept going toward the gym.
“What? It’s too hot to walk.” Lise whined. Natalie turned around, grabbed her arm, and pulled her in the opposite direction. Poor Lise, she was always complaining and whining about something. Even though they were in central Texas, it was hard not to complain about the near hundred degree temperatures this late in the afternoon for the middle of May. No doubt, this would be a hot summer.
Lise rushed ahead of Natalie to get inside the gym. “Are you that eager to get started?” Natalie walked in behind her.
“No, I just wanted to feel this cold air.” Lise stood underneath the air vent, spreading her arms out and allowing the cool air to blow down on her face.
“I hope you're not afraid to sweat.” She passed by her.
Lise followed her to the free weights area. “Weights? Seriously?” She threw her hands up in the air.
“You can do whatever you want. Today, I'm lifting weights.” Natalie sat her gym bag down in front of a bench and then picked up a twenty pound dumbbell. She did a few arm curls while Lise watched her.
“My God, look at your arms. What have you been taking?”
Natalie watched the bulge in her bicep enlarge with each rep she took. “Just the supplements and vitamins from Kronberg Labs, that's all.”
“Are you sure there are no steroids in them?” Lise reached over and squeezed her arm.
She let out a slight laugh. “No. They are not drugs. It's only vitamins and protein along with some amino acids. Nothing else. Believe me, I wouldn't be taking them.”
When she finished, Lise motioned for Natalie to give her the dumbbell. “Here, I'll do a few.”
“Okay.” She handed Lise the weight.
“What the—,” Immediately her arm went down, nearly dropping the weight. “This is way too heavy.” She used both her hands to hold on to the weight before setting it down on the floor.
“Sorry, I thought you knew they were twenty pound weights.”
“No, I didn't notice. I need something lighter.” Lise walked over to the rack of weights and tested out a few different weights before selecting the eight pound dumbbells. She began doing arm curls, in the same manner Natalie had done.
Natalie went over to the rack and picked up the fifteen pound weights. She walked over to a bench and kneeled down on one knee to do triceps kick-backs.
Lise did arm curls, right next to her. “You know Nat, you can't keep going on like this…avoiding the pain. It’s not good for you. Besides, it’s been over four months now.”
“What? I’m not avoiding anything.” She did reps with her left arm. The fact was she hadn’t avoided the pain. She had cried and cried, and had even talked to her mom about what happened. Just because she hadn’t cried to Lise didn’t mean she avoided what happened. She didn’t wear her emotions on her sleeve or tell everyone her problems, like Lise did. Natalie preferred to be more private and only tell on a need to know basis.
“Then why don’t you want to go out?” Lise set the dumbbell down.
Natalie switched arms and began lifting the weight with her right arm. “I don’t care to meet any guys or get involved with anyone right now.” She had made a promise to herself not to get hurt again. Never would she let a guy deceive her like Tony did.
Lise turned away and sat down on another bench next to her. “Just because you’re going out doesn’t mean you have to hook up with anyone. Let’s go and have some fun.”
“I’m sorry, but you and I both know those guys will be there and you’re going to drag me with you so you can hang out with them. And I don’t want to.” She put the dumbbells back on the weight rack and walked over to the bench press.
Lise followed right behind her. “Oh come on, Nat. They’re nice guys and you already know Ryan.”
She ignored Lise, not saying a word. Even though Ryan was a nice guy, she couldn’t afford to get involved. She knew that something had sparked between them and if she ran into him at the bar, chances were they would talk. Talking could lead to something more. She wouldn’t get hurt again.
She picked up two twenty-five pound weights and placed one on each side of the bar and lay back on the bench. “Spot me, please?”
Lise moved in position behind her. She leaned over and said in a low voice, “You know, Ryan seems to be so much better than Tony. And definitely hotter than him.”
Natalie's eye narrowed at Lise but she ignored her and kept doing her workout, not giving in to her pleading. She closed her eyes, trying to block out Lise’s hounding voice.
“Oh no, please don’t tell me they know each other.”
She opened her eyes. “No, they don’t. Ryan had already graduated when Tony enrolled our junior year.”
“Okay, good.” Lise didn’t say anything for about half a minute and then started in again. “So let’s go. Think about it. You, me, Ryan and Sal. It will be fun.” Lise sang out.
Natalie pushed the weight up faster and faster until she couldn't handle it any longer. She shoved the bar back on the rack. “Just stop, Lise!” She jumped off the bench and walked off, not caring if she caused a scene. She held her head with her hands, pacing around in a circle.
Lise had no idea what she had gone through because she hadn’t told her much. Only that they broke up and she never wanted to see him again. Little did she know that her high school sweetheart had turned into an arrogant, selfish, money flaunting, chic magnet playboy. The images of him lying in bed with two girls haunted her mind. How had he gone from this quiet, innocent, and charming boy with a swooning Italian accent to this player?
Natalie sat back down on the bench, keeping her face buried in her hands. She could feel the tears coming on and she squeezed her eyes tighter, trying to keep them from seeping out.
“Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…” Lise put her hand on Natalie’s shoulder.
Natalie jerked her body forward, away from her hand. “Don’t. Don’t say anything. I need a minute.”
She couldn’t stop thinking about all she had done for Tony. Helping him fit in at school and learn the American way when he moved from Italy to the US. How they fell in love with one another and how she thought he was the one. Why did she agree to move to Austin and go to college with him? She should have listened to her parents. Just because his father decided to open his winery in Austin didn’t mean she had to follow him. How could she have been such a fool? She was smarter than that.
She wiped the tears from her eyes and looked at Lise. She sat hunched over, staring at the ground. Her puppy dog eyes and pouty lips said it all. “I’m sorry Lise—”
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to keep nagging. I didn’t realize how bad he hurt you. We don’t have to go out if you don’t want to.”
Natalie shook her head. “No, you’re right. I can’t stay a recluse forever. I have to get out and enjoy life.” She wouldn’t let Tony get the best of her. She had a life to live and she couldn’t be scared all her life. There was only one thing she could do and that was to protect her heart.
Lise’s pouty lips turned up in to a full smile. “Seriously?”
Natalie nodded. “Yeah, let’s finish our workout and then get ready to go out.”
Lise clapped her hands like a small child that had been promised a toy. “We’re going to have so much fun tonight.”
Natalie rolled her eyes and let out a small giggle. “You are the bubbliest person I know.”
Lise shrugged her shoulders. “What can I say?”
“Thanks for making me feel better.”
Lise wrapped her arm around Natalie’s shoulders. “Anytime. That’s what friends are for. In fact we’re going to celebrate.”
“Celebrate what?” She retracted her head back.
“New beginnings for you and me.”




Chapter 2: Undeniable Feelings

“Crap.” Natalie struggled to get her jeans up her thighs.
“What’s wrong?” Lise turned around with the curling iron dangling from her hand.
“My skinny jeans…they don’t fit me.” Natalie wiggled her way out of them. “I don’t understand. I’ve been working out like crazy. How could I have gained weight?”
“Nat, you’re not fat. Turn to the side.” She motioned with the curling iron. “You’re just really defined. You look great.”
Natalie’s shoulders slumped and she frowned. “I have nothing to wear. I guess I’m staying in tonight.”
“No you’re not.” Lise ran to her closet and scurried through the tightly packed clothes. “Here, try this on.” Leave it to Lise to find her something to wear. Natalie didn’t know how she managed to pack all the clothes in her hatchback car and drive across four states.
“What? I don’t want to wear a dress unless you are.” She took the sleeveless short red dress from Lise.
“Okay. I’ll wear a dress too. Besides, it’s hotter than hell outside.” Lise pulled out a short, bright blue dress with a big fabric belt hanging from it.
Natalie held the dress up to her. She didn’t have a body to fill it out but decided to try in on anyways.
“Let me see.” Lise stopped applying her makeup and turned around.
“Oh wow, you look hot. You should wear it.”
“Really?” Natalie walked over to the full-length mirror mounted on the door. She turned her body in every direction, not trusting Lise’s opinion.
Lise walked up behind her. “Trust me, you look great. Now, let’s remove these.” She reached over her head and took off her glasses.
“Wait. I ummm…” She tried to stop her from removing them then changed her mind. “I guess I’ll wear my contacts.”
“What if…” Lise grabbed a handful of Natalie’s long dark hair and pulled it to the side. Before Natalie could say no, she sat her down in a chair.
“What are you doing?” She didn’t want Lise to glam her up. She preferred a simple, natural look.
“I’m going to do your hair and makeup.” Lise fumbled through her cosmetic bag.
“What? I already did.”
“Come on. Let me do a few things. Please?” Lise begged.
“Alright, but if I don’t like it, I’m washing it off and brushing out the curls.” Natalie folded her arms across her chest.
“That’s what you say now. Wait until I’m done.” She rubbed a make-up brush in a compact and then stroked it across her cheek.
Thirty minutes later Lise took a step back and smiled. “I’m done.”
Natalie rolled her eyes. “I’m scared to look.”
“Oh come on.” She stepped away from the mirror.
Natalie couldn’t believe her eyes. What had Lise done to her? “Wow. I look so much older and…”
“Say it. It’s okay.” Lise mouthed the words.
“Pr- pretty.”
“Yes, pretty and smokin’ hot.” Lise fanned herself.
“I don’t know Lise. I might send the wrong message to guys.”
Lise furrowed her brow. “You don’t look like a slut, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Are you sure?” She leaned in closer to the mirror, studying her long thick eye lashes. She had no idea mascara could work wonders like this.
“Believe me, you don’t. When we get to the bar, I’ll make sure and point some out to you. Okay?”
Natalie giggled. “Okay. I’ll go out this one time, looking like your Barbie doll.”

***

“Here, memorize the birth year. Everything else is the same.” Lise handed Natalie an identification card.
“What? Lise where did you get this? This is illegal.” She turned on the overhead light in Lise’s car to examine it.
“Relax. Can’t you have fun for one night?” Lise stared into the mirror on her visor, applying more lip gloss.
“Yes, but why do I need this? I can have fun without it.”
“Never mind.” She flipped up her visor. “If you don’t want to use it, don’t. I’m using mine.” She slid her fake ID into her wristlet and zipped it up. She opened the car door and got out, not waiting for Natalie.
“Lise, wait up.” Natalie tried to catch-up but struggled in the stacked heels she wore. She didn’t mean to upset Lise, but she also didn’t want to get in trouble. Carrying a fake ID was illegal and since she didn’t care much for drinking she didn’t see a need for one. Besides, most bars allowed eighteen year olds in.
Lise finally stopped to wait for her. “Sorry. I want us to have fun, that’s all.”
Natalie put her arm around Lise. “We will. I promise.”
“Alright.” Lise’s frown turned to a smile.
They made their way over to the old warehouse. When they approached the building they saw that the line to get in wrapped all the way around it.
Lise sighed. “Darn it. Now we have to wait out here in the heat and humidity. I’m gonna be all sweaty before I even start dancing.”
Natalie nodded. “Yeah… I know. I have an idea. Let’s go up to the front and see if these VIP passes have any pull.”
“That’s a great idea.” Lise led the way.
At the front of the building two large guys in black suits guarded the entrance door. They were checking IDs and letting people in from the long line that wrapped around the building. Natalie saw a few girls walk up and hand one of the security guards a card, like the one they had, and get in.
“Come on.” She pulled Lise by the arm, almost causing her to trip.
“Owww, you don’t have to put the death grip on me.” Lise pried Natalie’s hand off.
Natalie let go. “Sorry.”
“Good evening ladies.” The stoutly security guard greeted them.
“Hi.” Lise gave him a flirtatious smile and flipped her hair back.
Natalie flashed the VIP passes to him. “We have these.”
“Come on in.” He stepped aside.
“Thanks.” Lise winked at him. “Wow, we didn’t even have to use our ID’s.” Lise whispered into Natalie’s ear.
“I know.” She followed Lise into the newly renovated building. The bar had a vintage décor with exposed brick, aged paint, and rustic palm trees. Large canvas paintings hung throughout the bar showing a cultural flair of Little Havana. The rich muted colors gave it a tropical atmosphere that came alive with the beat of the fast Latin dance music.
“This place is different but very cool. Feels like I’m in Miami or somewhere like that.” Lise looked around.
“I know, it does.”
“Come on, let’s get a drink.” Lise pulled Natalie by the arm but she didn’t budge. “Wow, you really need to lighten up on the weights.”
“Hold on. I think that’s my Aunt Sharon with that group of people.” Natalie lifted up on her tiptoes to see over the crowd in front of her. When she heard the distinguishable laugh, she knew that had to be Sharon.
“Yep, that’s her alright. Come on.” They pushed through the crowd making their way over toward her.
Sharon, the complete opposite of Natalie’s mom, displayed a pretentious, outgoing, and an uncontainable zeal for life personality. She loved her aunt but felt sorry for her. After two failed marriages, she resorted to a single life and a devout commitment to her career as part owner of an advertising agency in Austin.
“Having fun?” Natalie asked, hugging her aunt from behind. Sharon had a rule to never call her Aunt in public. She thrived on portraying herself as a younger woman. Even at forty-six years old, she rocked a body of a woman in her late twenties. If there was a procedure for it, she’d either had it done or planned on having it done. Sharon’s view: if it’s loose, tighten it; if it sags, lift it; and even if it’s not broken, you might as well have it fixed the way you want it.
Sharon turned around. “Natalie… wow! Don’t you look gorgeous? Let me guess, did Lise do this to you?”
Natalie nodded. “Of course...you know Lise.”
“Great job, Lise. You need to make her up more often.”
“I know, right? By the way, I love your outfit.” Lise touched the sleeve of her animal print dress.
“Thank you. So what are you gals doing out here tonight?”
“We’re celebrating. We both got internships at Kronberg Laboratories.” Natalie smiled at Lise.
“You did? That’s wonderful. I wish you would’ve told me you applied. You know they’re clients of mine. I work closely with Lynn Pham in Marketing.”
“Seriously? I’m going to be working in Marketing. Isn’t she the head of the department or something?” Lise asked.
“Yes, she’s the director. I’m sure you’ll get to know her. Tell her you know me. I’ll also let her know the next time I see her.”
“Okay. I will. You know it never hurts to network.” Lise winked at Sharon.
“That’s right. You learn quickly. Come on. Let’s get us a drink.” Sharon urged them to follow her to the bar.
“Okay.” Lise immediately followed Sharon and Natalie tagged behind.
Natalie wondered if she should tell her aunt that she had been testing out some of their supplements but decided to keep it to herself for now. It probably wouldn’t make a difference to her anyway.
Sharon turned to Natalie and Lise. “What do you gals want?”
“Nothing, thanks.” Natalie replied.
“What? Oh come on, have a little fun. Besides, drinks are on me tonight.”
Lise chimed in. “Awesome, I’ll take a mojito.”
“Three mojitos please.” Sharon leaned over the bar trying to get the bartender’s attention.
The bartender walked over to them. “Sure. It’s an extra two bucks if you want it made with real limes or regular price for artificial mix.” He reached and took three glasses down from the overhead rack above him. “So what will it be?”
Sharon winced. “We’ll have the real stuff. Why is it extra for real limes?”
The bartender shrugged his shoulders while cleaning the glasses with a towel hanging from his waist. “Oh you know…shortage of crops or something like that.”
“Wow, this global warming is becoming more of a problem.” Natalie told Sharon.
Sharon waved it off like no big deal. She gave the bartender her credit card and kept her eyes fixed on him, watching his every move. “They always need some excuse to make more money.” Sharon slipped a few bucks into the bartender’s tip jar and winked.
The bartender smiled back at Sharon and wiggled his left finger that had a thick silver wedding band around it. “Thanks.”
Sharon pouted her lips. “Oh well.” She then turned to Natalie. “So, have you talked to your parents?”
“Yes, the other day. I told them I got the internship and that I planned on taking a few classes this summer and wouldn’t be coming home.”
“This works out great.” Sharon’s eyes lighted up. “I’m going to Europe for the summer and could use your help. Would you mind checking on my place? You can stay there when you want and so can Lise.”
“Sure. It will be a nice break away from the dorm.” Sharon had a rockin’ condo in downtown Austin that overlooked Lady Bird Lake. Besides the breath taking view, the condo had a modern décor with very high-end furniture, making it a lavish pad. Sharon, being a shopaholic, only bought the very best.
“Great. I appreciate it. You have the code, right?”
“Let me double check.” Natalie took her cell phone out from her wristlet.
“Please take care of it, okay?”
“Of course.” Natalie scrolled through her contacts until she came to her aunt’s number.
“By the way, you’re welcome to stay there tonight. I’ll be heading over to Chad’s place afterwards.” Sharon winked.
“I got it.” Natalie slid her phone back into her wristlet. “Who’s Chad?” She tried to recall the last guy she saw her aunt with. She never kept a guy around long enough for her to remember. Before Sharon answered, a guy with short spikey blond hair approached her from behind.
“Hey there sexy.” He leaned forward and whispered in her ear.
Sharon turned around and embraced the guy. “Hi. Don’t you look hot tonight?” She planted a big kiss on his lips and they exchanged more PDA than Natalie wanted to see. After several awkward seconds of heavy kissing and petting, she pulled away from him. “This is my niece, Natalie and her friend Lise. This is Chad.”
“Hello.” Natalie waved.
“Hi.” He nodded his head at both of them briefly.
Lise stepped forward and shook his hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“Likewise.” Chad smiled, showing his extra bright white teeth that made his green eyes sparkle. His smooth baby face hinted that he was at least fifteen years younger than Sharon. Knowing her taste, he had to be in his late twenties.
“Everyone’s sitting over there. We’re waiting for our drinks. Go ahead. I’ll be there in a minute. Do you want anything?” Sharon fixed his collar on his shirt and then ran her long hot pink fingernails down his chest.
“No, I got a beer.” He held up his bottle. “I’ll be waiting for you.” He arched his brow and winked at Sharon and then slapped her on the butt.
“Ouch.” She reached down and grabbed his rear end with both her hands and gave it a squeeze.
“See you girls later.” He gave a quick wave and then walked off.
Natalie nodded and Lise replied, “See you later.”
Sharon turned to both of them. “I haven’t told him that I’m going to Europe yet. I didn’t want you all to mention it.”
“Oh. No worries. I won’t say anything.” Natalie confirmed.
Lise made a motion across her lips with her fingers like they were zipped shut.
Sharon handed them their drinks and then held up her glass for a toast. “Here’s to a great summer.”
“To a great summer.” Natalie tipped her glass to Sharon’s and then to Lise’s.
She took a sip and when she lowered her glass she saw Ryan walking from the back of the room with Sal. She tried to tell Lise but the words hung in her throat. She managed to motion with her head and then coughed out, “They’re here.”
“OMG! They’re here?” Lise turned around and began checking herself, ensuring everything was in place. “Do I look okay? Do I have enough lip gloss on?” She smacked her lips together.
“Relax darling, you’re hot as they come.” Sharon winked at Lise.
Natalie nodded, not giving Lise much attention to her rambling questions. She knew they were going to run into them. Why did she listen to Lise? She should have stayed home. Then she remembered what Lise said; talking to Ryan didn’t mean she had to hook up with him.
Sharon’s eyes drifted over to where she had motioned to. “Aren’t they cute? Mmmm…check out those muscles.”
Natalie rolled her eyes. Why did Sharon have to hit on every guy she saw? She turned around and sat her drink down on the bar. The last thing she needed to do was to drop it or spill it on herself.
“Sorry. I can’t help myself.” Sharon ran her fingers through her short bleached out blonde hair. “At least they’re better looking than that no good ex-boyfriend of yours.”
That comment stirred something up inside of her. Hearing about Tony was the last thing she wanted, especially tonight. She refused to let her thoughts ruin her night or the rest of her life.
Ryan caught her gaze and he let out a big smile. Surely he wasn’t smiling at her? He kept his eyes fixed on her as he sauntered his way over to them. His cowboy swagger sent her body into full emotion overdrive. A flutter sensation swept across her body flooding her senses. Her heart froze but she managed to smile back.
“Wow, Sal’s smokin’ hot. Isn’t he?” Lise leaned over and whispered in her ear.
“What?” Natalie managed to break away from her daydreaming. That’s when reality hit. Why was she feeling this way? She had no business getting involved with anyone. Not now. She wanted to flee but before she knew it he was right in front of her.
“Glad y’all came. Have you been here long?” Ryan had one hand shoved into the pocket of his jeans. He wore a trendy western shirt with embroidery on the front of it and distressed leather cowboy boots.
She managed to choke out the words. “No, not long.”
“I almost didn’t recognize you without your glasses.”
Natalie felt her cheeks flush with heat. “Oh.” She diverted her attention to the zipper on her wristlet, tugging at it.
“I mean… you look good. Pr- pr- pretty.”
She looked up at him and smiled. She noticed the tips of his ears had turned a bright red. It was good to know she wasn’t the only one nervous. “Thanks. You look nice too.”
“How’s it going?” Sal gave Natalie a smile and then turned his attention to Lise. “Gee, you sure know how to make heads turn.” His gaze slid slowly over her from her head to her toes.
“Thanks. So do you.” Lise flipped her long blonde waves back and then took a sip of her drink. She held on to the tip of her straw with her teeth, biting it. Ryan greeted her but she barely noticed. Sal had her undivided attention.
Natalie took a few silent deep breaths, trying to calm her nerves. Her legs felt weak and she wanted to sit down.
“Hello. I’m Sharon Warren. Nice to meet you.”
“Oh sorry, this is my… Aunt Sharon.” Natalie stated purposefully.
Ryan and Sal shook Sharon’s hand and both said, “Nice to meet you.”
“I gotta go, Chad’s waiting on me. You kids have a good time now.” She winked at the guys.
“See you and thanks for the drink.” Lise held up her glass.
“Oh, don’t forget you can use my place tonight.” Sharon whispered to Natalie but said it loud enough for the guys to hear.
Natalie wanted to bury her face in her hands. She couldn’t believe Sharon said that. She didn’t know what to say so she blurted the first thing that came to mind. “She’s recently divorced.”
“Oh.” Ryan raised his eyebrows.
“Let me guess, she’s a cougar?” Sal asked with a grin.
Natalie busted out laughing and everyone else started laughing too. “Yeah, I guess you can say that.”
“God bless her.” Ryan shook his head then took a drink. He lowered his glass. “I’m sorry. Would you like something to drink?”
Natalie picked up her glass from the bar. “I have one, thanks.”
“How about we grab a seat? That booth’s empty over there.” Sal pointed to an area behind the bar.
“Sure.” Lise lead the way, practically running over to the quaint seating area. Along the back wall were several booth style chairs with overstuffed pillows and curtains draped in front of them. Dim lighting hung above a low table in front of the curved chair, giving it a romantic feel. Natalie knew this wasn’t a good idea, but took a seat next to Lise in the middle of the ‘u’ shaped seat. This allowed Ryan and Sal to sit next to them.
“So, I take it you’re feeling better?” Ryan set his drink down on the table.
“Yes. It was a dizzy spell, that’s all.” Natalie sat perched on the edge of the chair, struggling to keep calm and relaxed. Her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth. She took a sip of her drink and noticed her hand shaking. She put her drink down, hoping she wouldn’t knock it over. She glanced over at Lise and Sal. They chatted back and forth like they had known each other for years. During times like this, she wished she had a little of Lise in her.
“Did you finish your freshman year?” Ryan tried to strike up a conversation with her.
“Yeah.” She nodded. She wanted to get to know him, but she was afraid. She couldn’t get hurt again. For some reason he made her feel nervous, which only made her more introverted. Not to mention, wearing the short dress didn’t help either. His leg practically touched her bare thigh.
Then she remembered something she learned in speech class. She took another sip of her drink and held onto the straw with her teeth. Inconspicuously, she took the straw from her mouth and held it in her hand. She fiddled and twisted the red plastic tube between her fingers, directing all her nervous energy to it. It brought a sense of relief to her, allowing her to relax.
She looked over at him. “What about you?”
“I just finished my second year. I took a year off and then decided to transfer to UT.” He twiddled his thumbs for a moment and then took another drink.
“I should have been a junior by now.” His voice was heavy.
“Oh… well at least you’re still in school.” Natalie wondered what happened. She could tell he wanted to talk more about it but held back. Her nervousness slowly dwindled away and she began to remember things about him from high school.
“I heard you got a scholarship to TCU to play football. I’m guessing that didn’t go well.” She also wanted to ask him about his high school girlfriend, Jennifer, but refrained.
Ryan looked up at her. His eyes drooped down and his bottom lip stuck out over his top lip.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have ­­­—” She wanted to kick herself for asking him that question.
“It’s okay.” He let out a slight smile.
Natalie whispered low under her breath, “I didn’t mean to...”
Ryan leaned forward. “I’m sorry, I can’t hear you. The music’s too loud.”
The straw fell from her hand. He was only inches away from her face. Her heart pounded and she broke out in a sweat. Why did he make her feel this way?
“Oh, nothing,” she muttered.
“What? I still can’t hear you.” He moved closer to her, brushing up against her. His scent engulfed her, hitting her like a tidal wave that she couldn’t stand up against. The smell of sandalwood and ginger filled her airways. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, taking in every ounce of Ryan’s virile smell. A tingle danced up her spine and her head whirled, causing her to lose focus. Something took over her. It was the same sensation she had earlier that day. Her body swayed back and forth causing her head to feel heavy and her body to feel light. She grabbed Ryan’s leg for support.
“Whoa.” She closed her eyes, trying to gain her sense of balance.
“Are you okay?” Ryan asked.
After half a minute or so her equilibrium stabilized and the dizziness went away. When she opened her eyes she saw that Ryan had his arm around her.
“Natalie, are you alright?” She heard the concern deep within his voice.
She nodded. Why did being in his arms make her feel so safe and secure? She noticed she still had her hand on his leg. She needed to let go but couldn’t. Not because she thought she’d fall over but due to the uncontrollable attraction she felt for him.
Lise turned to her. “Nat, are you okay?”
She let go of his thigh, even though she didn’t want to. “Yeah, I’m fine. It’s been a stressful week. You know with finals and…”
“Are you sure you’re okay? This is the second time you’ve done that today, at least in front of me.” Ryan narrowed his eyes at her.
She had no idea why this kept happening to her. He couldn’t be having this type of effect on her. What was wrong with her? She wasn’t that weak. No guy could do this to her. It had to be something else.
“I started taking this new supplement a few weeks ago and I think it’s giving me some weird side effects or something.” Natalie searched her mind, trying to figure out the source of her dizziness.
Ryan didn’t seem convinced. “Maybe you should call your doctor, and maybe you shouldn’t drink.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.” Natalie glanced at her nearly empty glass.
“Just take it easy.” He patted her bare arm and then allowed his fingers to linger on her skin. It sent chills across her body. She didn’t know how to respond to his touch and before she could say or do anything he moved his arm and rested it behind her on top of the seat.
“Are you drunk already?” Lise narrowed her eyes at her. She sounded irritated rather concerned about her well-being.
Natalie gasped. “No Lise. I’m sober. I got dizzy again, like I did earlier today. That’s all.”
Lise lurched back, placing her hand against her chest. “Sorry, my mistake. Do you want to leave or go outside?”
By the sound of Lise’s voice, Natalie knew she didn’t want to do either. “No, I’ll be okay.” Natalie snapped back.
A waitress appeared. “Can I get you guys anything to drink?”
Sal nodded at the waitress. “Yes, a couple of waters, two Cokes and —”
“I’ll have another mojito. And yes, I want the real stuff.” Lise handed the waitress her empty glass.
“Okay. I’ll be back.” The waitress scribbled down their order and walked off.
Lise turned to Sal. “Seriously? That’s what you guys are drinking? Soda?” Her eyes widened.
Sal let out a slight smirk. “Yeah, anything wrong with that?”
Lise sat back. “No.” It took her a few seconds before she turned to Sal and asked, “Is it okay that I ordered a mixed drink?”
Sal shrugged his shoulders. “Suit yourself.”
Natalie glanced over at Ryan’s drink. The entire time she thought he was drinking alcohol with his cola. What college guy doesn’t drink? Boy, did she misjudge him. No alcohol. Impressive.
She saw him glance down at her legs and then back up at her. “So, do you workout?”
Before Natalie could answer Lise jumped into the conversation. “Does she? That’s an understatement. That’s all she does is go to the gym.”
Ryan chuckled. “Well, there’s nothing wrong with that. It’s good to exercise. I can tell by the muscles in your legs that you can probably leg press me.” His eyes traveled up and down her body.
Natalie hesitated. “I don’t know about that but I’ve been working out really hard lately. I guess it’s paying off.”
“Maybe we could workout together. You could train me.”
Natalie snickered. “Are you sure? Me, train a football player?”
“Yeah, why not? I’m thinking you may be able to show me a few things.” Ryan smiled and then winked at her. It caused another surge of adrenaline to hit her blood stream. Why did everything he say or do drive her crazy?
“I’ll warn you now. Be prepared. She’ll kill you, like she did me.” Lise smirked.
“I think I can handle it.” Ryan kept his eyes focused on Natalie.
Natalie ignored Lise’s comment. “Sure, anytime.” She had to look away before her face got any hotter.
The waitress came back with their drinks. “Two waters, two cokes and a mojito.”
Sal handed her a few bills folded up before anyone could offer to pay. “Keep the change.”
“Thanks,” the waitress said and then walked off.
“Thanks, Sal.” Lise took her drink and began slurping it down. Natalie took her ice water and downed it. The coldness numbed her mouth and the heat lifted from her cheeks.
“To answer your question from earlier, I did have an athletic scholarship but I lost it when I got injured.” Ryan rubbed the condensation on his glass with his thumb.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Are you okay?”
Ryan nodded. “Oh yeah, I’m fine now. I had to take a year off from school to have surgery and get my head back together. I decided that I would transfer and start fresh. It’s been the best decision I’ve made so far.”
“That’s good. So, you don’t play anymore?”
“Not too much. It’s not worth the risk. The doc said that I really messed up my ACL and if I hurt myself again I’d be on crutches forever or walking with a cane. That was enough for me to decide to hang up my cleats.”
Natalie felt bad for him. It must have been disappointing to have his dream destroyed. She remembered how happy he looked after winning a big game. “I’m sorry to hear that. I know it must suck.”
“Yeah, it did. I had to learn to move on and trust that there is something bigger in life planned for me.”
“I admire your passion for life. It kind of reminds me of something my grandmother always tells me.”
“What’s that?” Ryan gulped down half his drink.
“To never give up on your dreams or goals. If a door closes, another one always opens.”
“Exactly. But I have to admit it wasn’t easy and it took time and a leap of faith.”
“I can only imagine.” She glanced down at her glass, shaking the ice around.
“So, you still want to be friends with me even though you know I’m not a big football star any longer?”
Natalie winced. Did she seem that shallow? Then again, he really didn’t know her that well. “That doesn’t matter to me. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m sorry that happened to you but I ummm… like talking with you regardless.”
Ryan smiled and leaned in closer to her. “Thanks. I hope you’re being honest.”
For a split second Natalie wondered why he would say something like that to her. His eyes told her why. Fear plagued him, like it did her. She didn’t have to ask what happened to Jennifer. She knew she left him because of the injury.
“I’m not like other girls, Ryan. In fact, I really don’t even date. My last relationship was horrible.” Natalie sighed heavily. She noticed her hands weren’t shaking any longer. Finally, she was beginning to feel somewhat like herself around him.
“I’m sorry to hear that. So, you know what it feels like too.”
“Yes, I do.” Natalie looked back up at Ryan. She felt herself being drawn closer to him. She watched the movement of his lips. They looked so inviting, full and plump. He talked but she didn’t hear anything he said. At that moment, she heard an Italian accented voice speak.
“Is that you, Natalie? What are you doing here dressed like that…and wearing all that makeup?”
Natalie turned to see her worse nightmare, Tony. He stood in front of them with two girls hanging on each of his arms, dressed in his typical metrosexual attire. Looking at his dark brown hair, she knew he spent thirty minutes perfecting it into a perfect mold. A sick feeling formed in the pit of her stomach. She fought the urge to jump up out of her seat and attack him. She was better than that.
“It’s a public place. I can go wherever I choose,” Natalie replied confidently.
“You’re with him?” Tony pointed his index finger at Ryan and let out a smirk.
Natalie turned away to see Lise’s mouth fall open. She looked at Natalie and then back to Ryan.
Ryan took Natalie’s hand. “Yes, as a matter of fact, she is. Excuse us. We were just going to dance.” His stern voice had just enough sarcasm to send Tony the right message. When Ryan stood up, he towered over Tony, not only in height but in physical size. Tony didn’t back down. He laughed under his breath and shook his head.
Natalie didn’t think twice. She immediately got up to follow Ryan. She turned her head in disgust as she passed by Tony. She heard him smirk but didn’t turn around to acknowledge his high school behavior. When they stepped onto the dance floor Ryan swung her around to face him, pulling her body close to his. He held on to her hand while allowing his other hand to drop to her waist. Was he doing this to make Tony jealous or did he really want to dance with her? She suspected both.
“Thanks for saving me. I really appreciate it.” Natalie’s heart raced and she struggled to breathe. Every muscle in her body tensed, not allowing her to move. How come every time he touched her, he had this effect on her? What was it about him?
“Oh, don’t worry about it. I’m guessing that’s your ex.”
Natalie nodded. “He’s a total jerk.”
“You don’t have to tell me that twice.” His eyes fixed on hers and it stirred something deep within her. “Natalie. Natalie.”
“Uh huh,” she muttered, gazing into his eyes. He had her into a total trance.
“Relax. You’re too stiff. Do you know how to salsa dance?” Ryan took a step back.
“Oh, yeah. I’m sorry. I forgot the steps.” She watched how his feet moved back and forth. His hips swayed from side to side and she had to concentrate to keep her focus.
“Just follow my lead.” He pressed his body firmly against hers, directing her movements. It didn’t take long for her to catch the rhythm of the beat. Lights flashed bright colors of red, blue and green all around them, bringing the dance floor to life. Every movement of Ryan’s body against hers overwhelmed her.
“You’re doing great,” he said spinning her around. He held on to her hands and laced his fingers through hers. He lifted their arms, raising them above their heads and then pulled her closer to him. When he leaned over his breath warmed her cheek and she fought the temptation to kiss him. A deep need formed inside of her, striking every part of her body. Even those she didn’t know existed.
She needed to control herself but couldn’t seem to pull away. She had to stop while she was ahead. Something kept drawing her toward him; an uncontrollable and irrepressible force. Forgetting all about the consequences of a broken heart, she ignored her own rules. The sweet sensation made it too good to walk away.
Ryan lowered their hands and guided her body to rock back and forth against his in a perfect medley. Her hair swirled around his face, capturing and locking his body to hers.
“Where’s all that air comin’ from?” Ryan whispered into her ear.
“I don’t know.” Natalie hadn’t noticed how windy it had become until he mentioned it. She didn’t care. She didn’t want this body rocking experience to stop.
“Damn, Natalie you are so…” His breath was ragged and warm against her ear.
It sent a shiver across her body and a strong gust of wind surrounded them. The more she tried to pull away, the stronger the air became. The wind seemed to interweave a blanket around them, binding them closer together. She looked up, trying to find the source of the air.
“Your body feels incredible.” His lips brushed against her earlobe, igniting every nerve ending in her body.
She couldn’t control herself any longer. She allowed her hands to roam across his chest, taking in every part of his muscular contours. “So does yours,” she breathed heavily.
Ryan took her hands in his and put them around his neck. Their eyes locked once again and she felt his heart pumping in tune with hers. Her lip quivered as she drew closer to his mouth. She could taste the salty beads of sweat that outlined his upper lip. She opened her mouth and felt a gust of wind move through her body. The weird sensation trickled down her veins to all her extremities leaving her feeling light and airy.
She ignored the light-as-a feather sensation and followed Ryan’s movements. Their lips locked and her body shivered with excitement. His lips were moist and hot. She kissed him deeply and passionately. In a matter of seconds, her body went limp and desire filled every part of her. She knew where she wanted this to go. Her mind told her to stop. Oh, but everything else told her not to. What am I doing? It took all of her strength to stop kissing him.
She pushed away. “I’m sorry Ryan. I can’t…I just can’t do this right now.”
“What?” He looked at her with confusion.
She covered her mouth and without saying a word she turned and ran off the dance floor.




Chapter 3: A Leap of Faith

Staring into the mirror, Natalie watched the sweat collect on her temples. She closed her eyes and took several deep breaths. Slowly, she reopened them. Her face burned with heat and chill bumps ran down her arms. She braced herself, holding onto the sides of the clear glass basin. When she reached for the faucet, her left hand vanished into thin air. Immediately, she looked at her right hand. She gasped and stumbled a few steps back, pressing up against the bathroom door. She could see through the flesh of her skin.
“What in the—” she held both hands in front of her face. Fear consumed every part of her and the walls seemed to be closing in, trapping her. Gradually, her arms withered away and her flesh evaporated into the air. Her body began to feel lighter and lighter until it completely disappeared. Even though she could not see her body she felt the space she occupied. Panic rose up through her causing her heart to beat rapidly.
“No…no… no! Somebody help me … please!”
Natalie shot straight up from the bed. Her breathing was ragged and her head swayed back and forth. Her clothes clung to her body, drenched in sweat. She held up her hands in front of her. She sighed, “Oh thank God. What a horrible dream.” She examined the rest of her body, making sure everything was visible.
A sense of relief settled in and her heart relaxed. The sunlight shined brightly through the wall of windows in the guest bedroom of her aunt’s condo and she wondered how long she had slept. She rummaged through the Egyptian cotton sheets for her cell phone. Checking her phone, she saw that she had several missed calls and text messages from Lise and another number she didn’t recognize. Before she had a chance to read them her phone rang. Even though she didn’t feel like talking to Lise, she took the call.
“Hello.” Natalie cleared her throat a few times.
“Nat? Thank God you answered. Where are you? I’ve been calling and texting you all night. What happened to you?”
“Lise, calm down. I’m fine.”
“I’m sorry about last night. I don’t know what got into me. I didn’t mean to be so rude.”
“Forget about it.” Natalie shook her head. She had no idea why Lise had acted that way with her in front of Ryan and Sal. It seemed unlike her because she always showed concern for Natalie, eager to help with any problems.
“Where are you?”
“I stayed at Sharon’s last night.” Natalie ran her fingers through her matted hair, wondering how it got so messed up.
“Why did you leave? What happened? Ryan said you got upset and ran off the dance floor. I looked for you for over an hour.” Lise breathed heavily, like she was walking or running.
“I’m sorry, I had to go.” Natalie sighed. She heard Lise still breathing heavily. “What are you doing? Why are you breathing so hard?”
“I’m on the treadmill. Can you believe it?”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah, come to find out Sal likes to exercise too. Enough about me, tell me what happened? Did Tony upset you that bad or did Ryan do something?”
Natalie didn’t feel like talking about what happened between her and Ryan. She needed to think through everything first before saying anything to Lise. “No, I’ll tell you about it later. I’m going to shower and then I’ll be back at the dorm.”
“Do you want me to come and pick you up?” She heard a couple of beeps in the background followed by Lise taking several deep breaths.
Natalie thought about it for a second. Even though she had on a t-shirt and shorts she found in one of Sharon’s dresser drawers, she would rather have her own clothes. “Sure. Can you bring me some clothes too? I really don’t want to go back to the dorm wearing the dress I had on last night. You know how that looks.”
“Yeah, unfortunately I do. I just finished exercising, so I’ll be there shortly. What unit does she live in again?”
“Unit 2405. Hey Lise, thanks.”
“Don’t worry about it. That’s what friends are for, remember?”
Natalie smiled. “I know, see you in a bit.”
She hung up her cell phone and set it down next to her. What happened last night? She had never reacted that way to a guy before, not even with Tony. Especially one she didn’t even know that well. She always thought through her actions before reacting, considering all the consequences. There was something about being with him that made her lose complete control.
She slumped down into the bed and closed her eyes, recalling the feelings that overcame her when they were talking and dancing. She pulled up the covers over her mouth, hiding the smile and giggles she couldn’t keep in. Ryan made her nervous but at the same time she found comfort in his arms. How could that be?
Carefully, she traced back through her mind and tried to remember what had happened. When she licked her dry and cracked lips, she tasted salt; the salt that once outlined Ryan’s full lips. She touched them and recalled the passionate and intense kiss they shared. Shivers ran through her body from head to toe. Despite the incredible kiss they shared, a strike of pain to her heart told her she did the right thing by pulling away and running out the door.
Natalie tried to ignore that voice telling her not to get involved with him. For some reason she couldn’t stop thinking about him. She knew she had to stop this from going any further. Getting hurt again was not an option. Besides, school took priority over everything and falling for Ryan would only mean one thing, disaster. However, she couldn’t deny her feelings and wondered if Ryan felt the same thing too.

***

Natalie packed her clothes into her duffle bag. “Are you sure you don’t want to come home with me?”
Lise shook her head. “No, that’s okay. I’m going to stay here and hang out.”
“I’m sorry you can’t go home.” Natalie continued to gather her things, anxious to get on the road to see her family. She had two weeks off before summer classes and the start of her internship.
“It’s okay. My mom is so busy with her job, traveling and stuff… it wouldn’t be worth the flight or drive home.” Lise, an only child with divorced parents, didn’t have much family. She rarely talked to her father and hadn’t seen him in years. Her mother worked constantly and made her social life a priority, kind of like Natalie’s Aunt Sharon. The fourteen hour drive to Atlanta made going home for the weekend impossible and her mother had never visited Lise since she started college. That made Natalie grateful for her family, even though they sometimes drove her crazy.
“I’ll be back next Wednesday. So you won’t be by yourself too long.”
Lise stood in front of the mirror, fixing her makeup. “Oh, you don’t have to worry about me. I can hang out with Macie, even though I don’t care to. Besides, I’m sure I’ll be hanging out with Sal, since he’s not going home either.”
Natalie looked at Lise through the mirror. “That’s why you don’t want to go home with me. Do yourself a favor and take this slow.”
“I know. Besides, he’s not that type of guy.” Her voice had a hint of disappointment.
Natalie narrowed her eyes. “What do you mean?”
“He actually didn’t want to have sex with me. Can you believe it?” Lise laughed, but Natalie could hear the bitterness and knew that it upset her. Lise tossed a make-up brush in her cosmetic bag and shrugged it off, like it was no big deal.
“That’s good. I mean… take your time, get to know him.” She wanted to tell her to wait because even when you think you know someone really well, you don’t.
“Maybe he’s gay?”
Natalie shook her head. “I don’t think so. I didn’t get that vibe.”
Lise started working on her hair, teasing it and pinning it to the side with bobby clips. “Yeah, me either. However, I never had a guy turn me down.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t try so hard.” Natalie gathered her dirty clothes and stuffed them into her laundry bag.
“What?” Lise’s voice sounded irritated.
“What I’m trying to say is don’t be the aggressor. You’re the girl. Girls shouldn’t be trying to seduce guys for sex.” Natalie turned around, avoiding further eye contact with Lise. Talks likes this made her uncomfortable.
Lise started laughing. “Since when did you become my mother? Or Dr. Phil? Not to be rude or anything, but you’re no expert.”
Luckily, Natalie didn’t take offense to her comment. She preferred not being an expert on this subject. She sat down on the edge of her bed. “Sorry. I’m trying to prevent you from getting hurt, like I did.” She thought Tony was the right guy and hated that she gave herself to him.
“No offense Nat, but I’m tougher than you. Besides, sex is just sex. It’s no big deal. Not to mention, I can’t resist when it comes to Sal. He’s damn hot.” Lise turned back around to examine herself in the mirror. “Do you think he will continue to refuse me?”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know.” They definitely didn’t agree when it came to sex. She hated to think it, but one day Lise would get hurt and maybe then she’d have more respect for herself. Until then she would be Lise, always learning the hard way. “So, are you on your way to hang out with Sal?”
“Yep. We’re going to the movies.” Lise stopped teasing her hair. “Hey, why don’t you and Ryan go to the movies with us? We can go on a double date.”
“No. I told you. I’m not going out with Ryan. I can’t get involved with him.” Natalie gathered her things and doubled-checked to make sure she had everything.
“I don’t know why you keep ignoring his calls and text messages. The guy felt really bad about what happened on the dance floor. Which sounded like nothing, based on what both of you told me.”
Natalie picked up her cell phone. She saw that she had four text messages and two missed phone calls from him. She really wanted to talk to him but refused to give in to her desires. She would only get hurt again.
“He likes you a lot, Nat.”
“How do you know that?” She looked up from her phone.
“Oh, ummm….” Lise stuck her head in her closet.
“Lise, why do you keep interfering after I already told you I don’t want to go out with him? First, you gave him my number without asking me and now you’re trying to plan a double date for us. I still can’t believe you called and told him I was okay without asking me if I wanted him to know.” Natalie took a deep breath and pressed her lips together. She didn’t want to say anything she would later regret.
“I’m sorry. He was really worried about you and when I couldn’t find you or get a hold of you, he asked for your number so I gave it to him. Besides, Sal told me that Ryan said he couldn’t stop thinking about you.” Lise pulled her head out of the closet. “You’re not supposed to know that and neither am I. Ryan apparently told Sal in confidence.”
Natalie’s heart rate automatically doubled. Was he really thinking about her the way she was thinking about him? Surely not. Giddiness swept across her. She fell back on her bed, holding the phone close to her chest. She glanced over at Lise. “Seriously?”
“Yeah. I don’t know why you keep pretending you don’t like him. I can see it all over your face.”
Natalie covered her face with her pillow. A few seconds later she tossed the pillow to the side. “Is it that obvious?”
“Uh, yeah. I know that jerk really hurt you but Ryan seems like a good guy.”
Natalie smirked. “They always do.”
“You need to call him. Besides, he’s freakin’ hot too.”
Natalie narrowed her eyes at Lise. She wouldn’t put it past her to try and hit on Ryan.
“Don’t worry, I already know what you’re thinking and he’s not my type. He’s a little too country for me. Besides, I think fate brought you two together. I mean what a coincidence that you two ran into each other here?”
Natalie thought about what Lise said. Was it fate? Or another heartbreak waiting to happen? The phone rang, interrupting her thoughts. She glanced at the number on the screen. It took her a whole second to realize that number belonged to Ryan. A rush of adrenaline hit and her body tingled with excitement. Without thinking, she hit the answer key.
“Hello?” She quickly searched her mind for something to say. Her body tensed with fear and her head spun.
“eHe..llo, Natalie? It’s me, Ryan. Ryan Garrett.” Instantly, her body wilted at the sound of his rugged voice.
“Hi.”
“Thanks for taking my call. I’m not trying to stalk you or anything. I...ummm…just ummm….wanted to apologize for any inappropriate behavior the other night. I don’t know what got into me.”
“It’s okay. It’s my fault, not yours.” She searched for the right words but her mind was blank.
“No, it’s not all your fault. I’m guilty too.”
“I guess we are both to blame to a certain extent.” Natalie noticed Lise looking at her.
“Who’s that?” Lise whispered.
Natalie ignored her and kept her attention on Ryan.
“I didn’t mean to upset you to the point where you had to run off. I went after you but I couldn’t find you. That’s when I told Lise and Sal, and we all went looking for you. I’m not sure if she told you that. I asked for your number and she gave it to me. I hope you don’t mind.” Ryan cleared his throat.
“Yes, she told me. I’m sorry I ran out on you Ryan­­­—”
“OMG! Are you talking to Ryan?” Lise blurted out.
Natalie covered the phone with her hand and motioned for Lise to go away. Lise held up her hands, waiting for an answer so Natalie nodded, confirming her question. Lise smiled and winked, and then went back to getting dressed.
“Sorry. What I’m trying to say is that I’ve got issues.” Natalie didn’t know how else to put it. He probably thought she was an immature girl that couldn’t even handle being kissed by a guy. She didn’t want to tell him the real reason. She barely knew him and even though he saw how Tony acted, he wouldn’t understand.
“We all do, Natalie. You’re not alone.” His voice, sincere and heavy all at the same time, told her he did understand.
For a moment she sensed a closeness being formed between them. She closed her eyes and kept silent. Her heart kept telling her to not be scared but her mind told her the opposite.
“Despite what happened, I’d like to see you again.”
Her eyes popped opened. Her heart leaped into her throat urging her to say yes. Her head continued to warn her otherwise. She promised herself she would not get involved with another guy for a long time. “I don’t think it’s a good time right now. I’m about to head home for the week.”
Ryan hesitated for a second. “Natalie, I know I will have regrets if I don’t tell you that… I can’t stop thinking about you. I know I felt something between us. Something I have never felt before and I think you felt it too.”
OMG, he felt it too. “I… I don’t know.”
Lise motioned to her with praying hands, mouthing the words, “Please.”
Natalie ignored her.
“Don’t deny what you’re feeling. I know you’re scared of getting hurt again. But you know what…so am I,” Ryan said with vigor.
The more she tried to discount her emotions, the need to be with him intensified. She took a deep breath and held it for a second. She wanted to say yes, but was afraid.
“Please go out with me. We can do something laid-back, like dinner and a movie. I really want to see you again. I… can’t stop thinking about you.”
She couldn’t resist the plea in his voice and all the emotions he stirred up in her. The words slid out of her mouth effortlessly. “Okay. How about when I get back?”
“You will?” His voice raised about five octaves. “Alright.” He chuckled slightly, apparently pleased with his tactics of persuading her.
Natalie smiled. “I’ll give you a call when I get back.”
“Sounds good. Be careful. Talk to ya soon.”
“Bye.” Natalie hung up the phone and let out a long and drawn out sigh. What did she just agree to do? Why wasn’t she following her own rules? She knew she was setting herself up for another broken heart.
“OMG, Nat. You have to be the most difficult date ever. Poor guy. He must really like you if he’s willing to work that hard.”
Natalie rolled her eyes at Lise. “I’m not difficult.”
Lise broke out in laughter and threw her arms up in the air. “Whatever.”
“I don’t like to jump into things without thinking through them first.” Natalie lashed back.
“Ouch.” Lise put her hand over her heart.
“Sorry, but it’s the truth.” Natalie got up and gathered her things.
“I really wish you would stay so we could double date. You can always leave tomorrow. Please?” Lise begged.
“No, I already told my parents I’m coming home today. I need to get going so I can get home by dinner time. I’m dying for a good home cooked meal.”
“You and me both.” Lise pouted and then picked up her laundry bag. “Come on, I’ll help you take your stuff to your car.”

***

“Mom… Dad, I’m home.” Natalie came in through the back door from the garage. She set her bags down and walked into the kitchen area.
Her mom, Gloria, leaned over the stove cooking. “Mija. I’m so glad you’re home. I missed you.” Her mom rushed to her side and hugged her.
“It feels good to be home.” Natalie embraced her mom and returned a kiss on her cheek.
“So you’re doing okay? I’ve been worried about you.” Her mom stroked her hair. “I hate that you’re over there by yourself, trying to get over Tony. Maybe you should come home and go to school here.”
Natalie pulled back from her mom’s thin, bony arms. She didn’t feel like hearing her mom’s persistent nagging. Growing up in a typical middle-class Hispanic home meant close family ties. She loved her family but she also liked not living in the same town. At first, her parents didn’t want her to leave for college. Since her aunt lived in Austin and Tony and his dad were moving there, they agreed to let her leave.
“I’m fine, Mom. Did you highlight your hair?” She wanted to change the subject quickly.
“Yes. Do you like the blonde color they used? Does it make me look younger?” Her mom ran her fingers through her shoulder length hair.
“Now you sound like Aunt Sharon.”
Her mom gave her one of those stares.
“Sorry.” She had to think of how to take back what she said. “It does make you look younger and the blonde makes your brown eyes lighter too.” She knew her mom hated being compared to her sister. Even though her mom was only a few years younger than Sharon, she felt like Sharon was always competing with her.
“How is your Aunt Sharon? I haven’t talked to her in a few weeks.”
“She’s doing fine. In fact, she’s headed to Europe for the summer and asked me to stay at her place when I can.”
“Oh really, that will be good. It gives you a chance to get out of that small dorm room. Do you think she’s staying with one of her boyfriends?”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “When it comes to her, no telling.”
“Please be careful and take care of her place. She has really expensive furniture. So that means no parties!”
“I know, Mom. Besides, when have you known me to throw a party?”
Her mom smiled. “Never.”
“Exactly. So where’s everyone at?”
“Your dad isn’t home from work yet and your grandmother’s taking a nap—”
“Nat, you’re home.” Laura, Natalie’s little sister, came up from behind, hugging her. Natalie turned around and greeted her with open arms.
“Hi Laura. Wow, you’ve really grown.” She placed her hand on top of her sister’s head, measuring her height against her chest.
“Yep, I’m wearing a size eight now.”
“Before long, you’ll be wearing my clothes.” Natalie sang out. “Which reminds me, I’ve got something for you.” She pointed to her bag.
Laura scurried over to one of Natalie’s bags and pulled out a package of gummy bears. “Oh, my favorite. Thanks, Nat.”
“You’re welcome.”
A door slammed shut and a tall and lean guy walked into the kitchen. “Man, I can smell the food all the way outside. I’m starving.”
“Ummm… a hello would be nice.” Natalie watched her brother lean over the stove, stealing a piece of chicken out of the pan.
Gabriel popped the chicken in his mouth and turned around. “Hey sis,” he said with a mouth full, “I didn’t even see you.”
“I see you haven’t forgotten how to ignore me.” Natalie put her hands on her hips.
He walked over to her and picked her up in a tight bear hug. He spun her around a few times.
Natalie squealed. “Put me down.”
“Dang, girl. What are you eating or should I say lifting?” He let her go and she took a step back to gain her balance. She gave him a brotherly punch on the forearm. “I’m not fat.”
He rubbed his arm. “Owww. I don’t mean you’re fat. I’m talkin’ about your muscles. How much are you lifting? You’ve got some power behind that fist of yours.”
Natalie snickered. “I don’t know. Maybe five to ten pounds more than I used to. I think it’s the vitamins and protein I’ve been taking.”
He reached over and squeezed her right bicep. “Just keep it up and you’ll have arms like mine.” He flexed his arms, showing off his lean muscles. “I’ve been working out too, ya know.”
Natalie rolled her eyes and shook her head. Although only fifteen, he was maturing fast and would pass her up before long.
“What vitamins are you taking?” Her mom turned around and looked her up and down thoroughly.
“The ones I volunteered to test out. They are from the pharmaceutical company I’m going to be interning at.”
“Oh. You didn’t tell me you volunteered to test out anything. When did you start taking them?”
“Back in January. I told you and you even asked me when we were in Chicago during spring break for Alicia’s wedding. Remember?”
Her mom’s brow furrowed. “I barely remember. I don’t know if I like you being a test patient for any drugs. There’s always some sort of side effects. You’ve heard the commercials that list all the possible dangers.”
“Mom, I’m not testing out any drugs. It’s only vitamins and protein drinks. You know me… I’m very cautious and I do my homework. I checked them out and they are perfectly safe. Not only do I get them for free but I get paid to take them too, which makes it even better.”
“Oh, all right. Just be careful. And your brother’s right. You will start looking like him if you keep lifting so much weight. Your shoulders are already getting broad. It can ruin your figure and you don’t want to look like those weightlifting women, do you?”
Natalie sighed. “Oh mom, please. Lifting weights is good for the body. You should try it.”
Her mom shook her head. “No thank you. I’ll just stick to power walking.”
“You’re lucky that you’re naturally thin.” Natalie saw her grandmother making her way slowly into the kitchen with her walker. For the past five years, her grandmother had been living with her family. Her father refused to put his mother in a nursing home when her health started to deteriorate and her memory began to fade.
“Abuelita, it’s so good to see you. Como estas?” Natalie spoke in half English and Spanish. Carefully, she embraced her grandmother’s frail body.
Her grandmother’s bony hands embraced Natalie’s face. Her lower lip quivered when she tried to speak. “Bien mija. Saliste de la escuela?”
“Si abuelita. I’m home for a week. I have to go back for summer school and work.”
Her grandmother smiled. “Asi es mi niña. Nunca cese con sus ambiciones.” Her grandmother had been an inspiration and a role model for her since she was little. She taught Natalie to not be satisfied with the ordinary things in life. She encouraged her to reach for the stars and keep on reaching until you were living and watching your dreams unfold right in front of you.
Natalie smiled back. “Don’t worry Grandma, I won’t let you down.”
“Adonde esta su novio, Tony?”
Natalie’s heart dropped to her stomach. Why did she have to bring him up? Didn’t her mother tell her that they broke up? Her head dropped down to her chest. A lump formed in the back of her throat and tears filled her eyes.
Natalie’s mom quickly interjected. “Don’t you remember, Rosa? I told you they weren’t together anymore?”
Her grandmother squinted through her heavy lensed glasses as though trying to remember that conversation. “Ay, si. Lo siento mija.” She leaned forward and kissed the tears rolling down her cheek. “You will find love again. Don’t let your heart go cold.”
Natalie wiped the tears away. “I know Grandma, but it hurts.”
Her grandmother nodded. “Yo sè.” She reached up and tucked the strands of hair that hung in front of Natalie’s face behind her ear. “Have faith. God will send you the right boy.”
Natalie smiled. “I hope so.”

***

Later that week, Natalie sat in her bedroom browsing through all of her high school yearbooks. They brought back so many memories, some good and some bad, thanks to Tony. She opened up her yearbook from her sophomore year and turned to the seniors. Her hand wavered for a second and then she thumbed through the pages until she found Ryan’s picture.
He looked almost the same except his face had matured. When she came across a full length picture of him she saw how his body had definitely filled out even more. She figured he had to be at least twenty or twenty-one; maybe twenty since he wasn’t drinking that night at the bar. However, they didn’t card anyone that night so she couldn’t be certain. She continued to flip through the pages until she came to Jennifer Shaw.
Jen, or that’s what everyone called her, was voted the ‘most’ everything. She was a gorgeous blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl with curves in all the right places. Natalie couldn’t compete with Jen. How was Ryan even interested in her?
Skimming through the book, she saw Ryan and Jen were in most of the pictures. Natalie wondered what she did to him that caused him so much pain. Besides leaving him when he got hurt, there had to be something more to the story. Natalie remembered seeing Jen constantly flirt with all the guys at school so her guess was easy. Jen had cheated on him. Just like Tony had cheated on her. It gave her a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Natalie got up and walked to the mirror hanging on her closet door. She stared at herself, combing through her long dark hair with her fingers. Her straight and limp hair clung to her head. She twirled the ends around her fingers. She liked the way Lise fixed her hair the other day and thought that maybe she should start curling her hair more often.
She removed her glasses and stared at herself. She liked the way she looked without them and Ryan had even made a comment too. Maybe she would wear her contacts instead of her glasses. She leaned forward to study her face. She was grateful she had a good complexion, hence the reason why she never bothered to wear much makeup. She didn’t need to. However, she also liked the way Lise did her makeup. It made her pale blue eyes stand out and it did make her feel pretty.
She straightened out her old UT t-shirt and cotton shorts. She couldn’t remember the last time she bought something new. Maybe she would go shopping and buy some new clothes, a curling iron, and new makeup. She had some money saved up and her mom did ask her earlier if she wanted to go shopping tomorrow. Shopping with her mom would be fun since her mom loved to buy clothes and accessorize. She didn’t take after her mom or her Aunt Sharon and her mom’s opinion would be helpful.
She gathered up her yearbooks and put them back on the bookshelf. Even though it was only 9:00 p.m., she wanted to catch up on her sleep. Going to summer school and working would be tough and she needed to start fresh. She flipped off the bedroom light and the second she crawled into bed, her cell phone chimed. Before she could get to the phone on her dresser, it chimed again. She saw that she had two messages; one from Lise and the other one from Ryan.
Instantly her heart began to race. Why did she get so excited and nervous every time she heard from him? She decided to read Lise’s message first:
Guess what? Ryan went home today. Call him.
Natalie shook her head. Why was Lise so persistent?
She texted back:
I’ll think about it.
She waited for a second and then went to Ryan’s message:
Just wanted to say hi.
She texted back:
Hey, how’s it going?
Immediately he responded:
Good. I’m actually home. I had to come help my brother w/the ranch.
She anxiously typed back:
Really?
He replied:
Yes. Would you like to come over tomorrow?
Her heart beat wildly. She wanted to see him but didn’t want to seem desperate. She hesitated and then texted the following:
I don’t think I can. I’m going shopping tomorrow with my mom.
A minute later he responded:
How about a horse ride on Saturday?
A horse ride? She hadn’t ridden a horse in several years. In middle school, she rode all the time. More than likely, it would be at his ranch which meant his family would be there and that made her feel more relaxed.
She replied:
Let me think about it. Won’t it be hot?
He texted back:
Not if you get here around 10.
He had a point and she wanted to see him. Then her head warned her again. The more she thought about it, she could hear her grandmother’s voice from the other day. “Have faith. God will send the right guy.” What if Ryan was that right guy? She had to take that leap of faith if she was ever going to find love again.
She sighed, praying she was making the right decision. She texted him:
Okay, see you at 10.




Chapter 4: Feelings Unleashed

“Good morning, mija. You’re up early for a Saturday. Are you going somewhere?” Natalie’s dad, Richard, leaned over and kissed her on the forehead.
Natalie swallowed a mouthful of cereal. “Morning dad. Yes, I’m… ummm… going horseback riding.”
“Oh, you are? Where at?” Her dad walked over and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Using her spoon, she pushed the squares of cereal down to the bottom of the bowl. She had nothing to hide from her dad and she respected their request of honoring the rules while being home. However, she didn’t feel like being asked a thousand questions. It wouldn’t help the apprehensiveness lurking in the back of her mind about her decision.
“She’s going to a boy’s house.” Her sister giggled as milk seeped out the sides of her mouth. “Oops.” She grabbed a napkin and cleaned her mouth.
“Thanks, Laura.” She gave her sister a less than friendly smile. “I’m headed over to Ryan Garrett’s house to go horseback riding.”
Natalie’s mom walked into the kitchen, catching the tail end of the conversation. “Garrett. That’s not the Garrett’s on FM 1886 is it?” She wore a robe and her hair wrapped up in a towel. She had that fresh fruity smell of apples and freesia that told Natalie she had just finished her morning beauty routine.
“Yes, Mom, it is.” She prepared herself for the interrogation.
“So how do you know their son? Isn’t he a few years older than you?” Her mother started the slew of questions.
“Yeah, he graduated two years before me.”
Her mom took a coffee cup out of the cabinet and poured herself a cup of the morning brew. “Doesn’t he go to college here? Oh wait a minute, I think I remember one of the neighbors telling me that he got hurt and lost his scholarship.” Her mom stirred her coffee slowly, squinting her eyes, as though trying to recall the gossip she heard.
Natalie waited for her mom to put the pieces together or continue asking her more questions. She looked over at her dad. His eyes narrowed and he rustled the newspaper in his hands. He had no problem tuning his wife out. She didn’t blame him because she wanted to do the same.
He snapped the newspaper closed. “Aside from school, how do you know Ryan?” He sipped on his coffee, blowing the steam away in between swallows. His blue-green eyes stayed fixed on her, waiting for her answer.
“He transferred this past year to UT. We ran into each other at Kronberg Laboratories, where we will both be interning this summer.” For whatever reason, her dad’s method of questioning didn’t bother her, unlike her mom’s. Probably because she thought and acted much like he did.
“Oh. Well, have a good time and be careful. It’s been a while since you have ridden a horse.”
“I know dad, I’ll be—”
“Oh wow. What a coincidence that he ended up down in Austin with you. Maybe you two can ride home together. That would make me feel so much better knowing that you wouldn’t be driving alone. I know you have a cell phone…” Natalie’s mother continued to ramble.
“That’s what Lise said.” Natalie managed to get a few words in.
“That you could ride home together?” Her mom held the coffee cup with both hands.
“No, Mom,” Natalie shook her head, “that it was a coincidence that we ran into each other in Austin.” She bit her lower lip and held back any disrespectful remarks.
“Oh.” It took a few seconds before her mom’s eyes lit up. “So that’s why you wanted to go shopping yesterday.”
Natalie’s dad smiled at her. She wanted to cover her face. Her mom always knew how to embarrass her. The clock in the living room struck 9:30. She sighed in relief. Saved by the bell, thank God.
“I better go. I don’t want to be late.” She shot up, causing the chair to skid across the tile floor. She fumbled to collect her breakfast dishes along with the milk and box of cereal.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll clean up later.” Her mom motioned for her to set them back down.
“Thanks, Mom.” Regardless of her mom’s constant questioning and nagging, she appreciated how considerate and caring she could be.
She kissed her dad bye and walked over to her mom. “Aside from my date today, I really did need some new clothes that fit.”
“And new makeup and curling iron too? By the way, mija, you look beautiful. He’ll be impressed.” Her mom hugged her and fixed her hair, ensuring the waves fell to the front of her face. Natalie smiled and wondered if she did this for herself or to impress him? Maybe it was a little of both.
“And she’s not wearing her glasses.” Laura chimed in.
Her dad spoke up. “I noticed that.”
“I thought it would be wise to wear my contacts instead.” She tried to justify why she didn’t wear them.
“I also took her picture this morning with her phone. Let me show you.” Laura rushed over to her side and tried to grab Natalie’s phone from her hand.
Natalie raised her hand out of Laura’s reach. She shook her head and motioned for her sister to be quiet. She didn’t like to boast or seek attention by taking pictures of herself. In fact, she only allowed her sister to take the pic so she would stop hounding her.
“I’ll let you show them later. I need to leave.” Natalie winked at her sister.
“Promise?”
“Yes. I promise.” She slid her phone into her back pocket and took her keys from the bar. “I’ll be back later.”
“Be careful.” Her dad reminded her, waving from the table.

***

Natalie crossed under the wrought iron metal sign that said ‘Garrett Ranch’ and drove up the gravel road. She had passed his family’s ranch a million times growing up and never once did she ever think she would be asked to visit. Flutters circled around in her stomach and she prayed she wouldn’t later regret eating this morning. She told herself she had nothing to be nervous about but the butterflies didn’t stop.
Hidden behind tall bushes and stout oak and pecan trees was the large white ranch-style house trimmed with evergreen shutters and a large wraparound porch. It overlooked acres of farmland with barns spread out here and there. Red and pink petunias outlined the pavestone walkway leading from the road to the house. She pulled her car up the driveway and parked behind a black pickup truck. Next to it, her Mazda looked like a toy car. The tires were almost the same size as her little silver car.
She walked up the stairs to the front porch and rang the doorbell. She fiddled with her keys, waiting patiently for someone to answer. When no one came to the door, she decided to walk around back. She looked around but didn’t see Ryan or anyone else. She waited awhile and then pulled out her cell phone and dialed his number. It went straight to voice mail.
“Darn,” she muttered under her breath. She hit the end call button and slid the phone back into her pocket. The thought of leaving crossed her mind. When she turned to walk back to her car she saw out of the corner of her eye someone coming out of a nearby barn. She lifted her sunglasses and placed them on top of her head to get a better view of the guy wearing a cowboy hat, plaid button down shirt, and faded blue jeans walking in her direction. A surge of adrenaline hit her veins and immediately she knew it was Ryan.
He glanced up, holding his cell phone in his hand. Natalie pressed her lips firmly together, trying to keep from smiling. Happiness flowed through her, making it difficult. He waved his arms in the air and gave a big Texas smile. She gave a small wave back.
“Good mornin’.” He adjusted his cowboy hat.
“Hi. Thanks for inviting me. I rang the doorbell, but no one answered.” Natalie glanced back at the house, wondering if anyone had come to the door after all.
“Sorry. I forgot to tell ya that my parents and sister are out of town. They went to buy a steer. It’s just me and my brother … and his family. They live in the house out back.” Ryan pointed behind him with his thumb.
“Oh. Okay.” Even though he wore a cowboy hat, she noticed how light his brown eyes looked in the bright sunlight. They had streaks of gold that glistened when the light hit them the right way.
“Let’s go inside for a minute, if ya don’t mind. I wanna grab a few bottles of water before we head out.”
Natalie nodded, trying to keep her focus on the conversation. For some reason, she couldn’t stop checking him out. “Sure.”
She walked by his side, to the house, when a strong breeze swept down and knocked his hat off his head. He tried to catch his hat but ended up stumbling forward. She reached up, catching his hat before it blew away.
“Good catch.”
She handed him his hat, completely surprised that she caught it too. “A lucky catch I guess.”
Another gust of wind blew, surrounding her in a chamber of bergamot and sandalwood. It traveled up her nose and through her body, melting everything along the way. Why did his smell intoxicate her to the point of bringing her down to her knees? Another wave of dizziness hit her like a brick wall. Her head throbbed and pulsated causing an incessant panic to rise in her heart. She stopped and held her hands out to the side of her body. “Whoa… not again.”
“Hey, are you okay?” Ryan put his arm around her.
“Yeah, sorry.” She held a hand up to her head, willing herself to take control of the situation. Within seconds the dizziness faded away.
He removed his arm but stayed close by her. “Have you called your doctor yet?”
She inhaled deeply and let out a long breath. She lowered her hand and glanced at him. “No. To be honest, I forgot about it. I haven’t had any more dizzy spells since last week, so it didn’t cross my mind. I guess I’ll call Monday.”
“Do you think it’s a good idea to go ridin’? I mean, we don’t have to go if you don’t feel well.”
Natalie thought about what he said. Despite the dizzy spell, she wanted to spend time with him and get to know him. “Let’s go inside for a while and see how I feel.”
“Okay.” He led her inside the house.
The old wooden floors creaked, indicating years of passing feet, shuffling in and out of the country-style home. She followed him into an airy and brightly sunlit room, filled with pictures on every wall. They all told a story of how his family had grown over the years. She noticed a few pictures of him and Sal when they were young.
“Are you and Sal related?”
“Yes, we are cousins. Our moms are sisters. I guess I forgot to mention that to you.”
“I actually see a resemblance between you two.” She pointed to one of the pictures on the wall. Then she looked at a family portrait. “Are these your parents?”
“Yes, that’s my mom, dad, my brother Lance and my sister, Ellen.”
“So, are you like half Mexican? I mean, not that it matters.” She hoped the question didn’t sound rude.
“Yeah, I am. My mom’s Mexican and my dad is White.” Ryan removed his hat and set it on a nearby end table. He pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his forehead. That explained his tawny skin tone and sandy brown hair and brown eyes.
“Me too! How wild is that? My mom is White and my dad is Mexican. Vega… obviously.”
“That is wild. I guess you get your blue eyes from your mom?” Ryan walked up behind her. She could still smell his manly scent, swirling around her and latching on to her.
“Actually, I get my eyes and hair from my dad. Spanish blood…descendants or something. My mom has light brown hair and brown eyes, kind of like you.” She had to take a few silent breaths to clear her airway from his intoxicating aroma that filled the room.
“That’s cool.”
Natalie glanced back him. “You look like both your mom and dad. Except you have more of a golden color to you.”
Ryan rubbed his forearm. “That’s from all the sun I get from being outside.”
“I guess I should get more sun.” She held out her arm in front of her, noticing how light she looked compared to him.
“Well, you have a nice olive skin color. But if you want more sun, it’ll be nice and sunny today, so that shouldn’t be a problem.”
A picture of Ryan with some of his friends caught her attention. She walked over to it and picked it up. “Are these your college friends?”
“Yes, from TCU.” He reached forward took the picture from her hand. By the way his eyes narrowed and the twitch in his mouth she knew it stirred up some memories. When he went to set it down a picture fell out from behind, landing on the wooden floor.
Natalie bent down and picked it up. Elegant handwriting embossed the back of it and when she turned it over she saw Jen, posing in a field of bluebonnets. She quickly lowered the picture, pretending not to notice.
“Here, I’ll put that back.” Ryan stuck out his hand, reaching for the picture. She held out the picture and when he saw Jen in the photo, his hand stopped. “What’s that doin’ in here?”
“I don’t know.” She shrugged her shoulders, not knowing how to respond.
His body tensed and his jaw protruded as though he wanted to rip it apart with his teeth. He took the photo from Natalie’s hand. “I thought I burned everything from her. I bet my mom found this and stuck it behind the other picture.”
“My mom always does stuff like that too. She never throws anything away.” Natalie tried to sympathize and put him at ease.
He let out a slight smirk. “That’s my mom too.” He started to rip the picture in half but Natalie placed her hand on top of his, stopping him.
“You don’t have to do that because I’m here.”
He looked up at her, not saying a word. He released his death grip from the picture and she eased the photo from his hand. She turned the picture frame over and put Jen’s photo behind the other one.
“It will be here if you want to tear or burn it after I leave.” Gently she placed the picture frame back on the shelf.
Ryan’s eyes softened and his body relaxed. “You are the most admirable gal I have ever met. Most gals are jealous of the ex.”
Natalie smiled and shook her head. “I’m not like other girls and I’m sure you’ve met others who are more admirable, pretty, and outgoing than I am.”
“No, I haven’t.” Ryan reached down and took her hand in his. Her heart skipped a beat. The warmth of his touch felt good against her skin. She folded her fingers over his firm, thick hands and held on.
“Let’s sit down.” He led her over to the couch and she followed willingly.
He let go of her hand and rested his arms on the top of his legs. He leaned forward and brought his hands together, twiddling his thumbs. She remained silent, allowing him time to gather his thoughts.
He kept his eyes focused on his hands. “Natalie, you are like no one I’ve ever met before. Maybe that’s why I’m so attracted to you.”
Her body flushed with heat. She sat perched on the edge of the couch, unable to relax. The adrenaline pumping through her veins told her to run, to flee and never come back. Her heart told her to stay put. Her hands gripped the edge of the tapestry-covered sofa, holding on for dear life. Did she really want to have this talk with him?
She sensed him looking at her but couldn’t make eye contact. “You are so beautiful but it’s more than your beauty that attracts me. It’s your personality and the way you act. It’s everything that makes you who you are.”
Natalie sat frozen, unable to respond. Every word he spoke was everything she wanted and needed to hear. Her head reminded her that she had heard those words before. All of them had been lies that crushed her into a pit of agony. She would never fall for words like those again. She had to be smarter than that.
She took a deep breath. “Ryan, I’m flattered by your words but....” She turned her body in his direction and looked up at him. “I don’t think I…” Her eyes caught his gaze and her breath caught in her throat. Why did he make her forget about everything she promised not to do? This uncontrollable attraction was more than she could handle. She would not surrender to it. She didn’t want to take the chance of getting hurt again. The battle between her head and heart overwhelmed her. Then she heard that voice; her grandmother’s voice, reminding her to have faith. Isn’t that why she agreed to the date in the first place?
“I’m sorry, did I say something wrong?” His eyes cried out and she knew he searched for the right words he longed to hear from her.
Oh my God, why can’t I resist him? She turned away, trying to fight the feelings taking over her heart. Why was this so hard? No one had ever made her feel this way before. She couldn’t explain the connection or the relentless force that drove her soul straight to his.
She looked back at Ryan. The calling of his lips and the hunger in his eyes made it easy to break her rules. “I guess what I’m trying to say is that… I’m scared. I’m so scared of getting hurt again.”
He leaned in closer to her. “I’m scared too. We’ve both been hurt before and I don’t think either of us can handle going through that again. All I know is that there is somethin’ about you that drives me…” he breathed out slowly through his nose, “crazy.”
Not only could he not resist her either but he had the same fears as she did. One thing was for certain, he would have to earn her trust and that would take time. She would take the time and get to know him. She peered into his eyes. “So, I drive you crazy?”
He cracked a smile. “I don’t mean crazy, like that. I mean that I can’t stop thinkin’ about you and the way you make me feel.”
She pressed her lips together, contemplating if she should open up to him. He had definitely shown his vulnerability. She figured now it was her turn. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I can’t deny that there is something about the way you make me feel too.” Her hand drew to his arm. “It’s like… magnetic.”
His eyes lit up and he took her hands in his. “Then you do feel what I feel?”
A hum of energy encircled them. She looked down and saw how his hands cradled hers in the shape of a heart. His voice touched a part of her that made her want to surrender everything to him. It overwhelmed her and she struggled to contain her emotions.
She stared directly into his eyes. “Yes, I do and it’s amazing. Just please don’t hurt me.”
“I understand, Natalie. The last thing I want is for you to get hurt and I don’t want you to hurt me either.”
“I promise I won’t… but let’s take this slow. Get to know each other, okay?” She surrendered, laying all her emotions on the table.
“Oh. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt you guys.” A pregnant lady walked in holding a small boy’s hand.
Ryan let go of her hands and stood up. “Oh hey Steph, you’re not interrupting. Ummm, let me introduce you to my friend, Natalie Vega.”
Natalie immediately jumped to her feet and met her halfway. “Hi. Nice to meet you.”
“This is my sister-in-law Stephanie and my nephew Colt. Oh and my soon to be born niece, Emma.”
Natalie leaned over and rubbed the boy’s sun bleached hair. “Aren’t you cute?” He hugged his mother’s leg tightly, hiding behind it.
“Lance wanted to let you know that the horses are saddled and ready. He needs to finish mending a fence on the east side of the property so he’s about to drive over there.”
“Okay thanks, Steph. We were getting ready to head out.”
“Did you still want to ride?” Ryan turned to Natalie.
She wanted to ride with him now more than anything. Since there were no signs of dizziness she decided it would be safe. “Yes, I do.”
“I’m going to make some sandwiches for lunch. Nothing big,” Steph said rubbing her stomach. “Would you like to stay?”
Natalie turned to Ryan, waiting for him to ask her.
“Please stay. I’d like for ya to eat with us,” he replied.
She nodded at Steph. “Sure. I’d be happy to.”
“Great. See y’all in a little while.” She turned and walked into the kitchen.
Ryan put his arm around her and she knew without a doubt she had made the right decision to follow her heart. “C’mon let’s go for that ride.” He picked up his hat and led her outside.
“Have you ever ridden before?” Ryan asked as they stepped out the kitchen back door.
“Yes, but it’s been several years. I’m going to need a refresher and probably some guidance.” Natalie put her sunglasses back on, despite the slight haze in the air.
“Okay, no problem.” Ryan put his hat on and adjusted it, bringing it slightly forward where only his dazzling brown eyes showed.
They walked across the yard over to a cowboy holding the reins for two horses. “Natalie, this is my brother Lance. Lance, this is Natalie.”
She extended her hand and said, “Hello.”
He wiped his hand on his dingy jeans and then shook her hand. “Nice to meet ya.” He had a heavier twang than Ryan and they looked very much alike with the exception of Lance being slightly taller and leaner. “So are ya ready to show him how to ride?” He let out a smile and motioned with his head toward Ryan.
She giggled. “I’m sure he’ll be the one showing me.”
She approached the horse slowly and patted him on the nose. “What’s your name?” She stroked the horse’s head, allowing him to get to know her.
“This is Freedom.” Ryan took the reins from Lance. “Freedom, this is your master for today. Treat her well. Ya hear me.” The horse neighed and took a few steps back.
“So, do you remember what to do?” Ryan tugged on the saddle, making sure it was secured on the horse.
“Yeah, I think so. It’s all coming back to me.” Natalie ran her hand down the side of the American Paint horse. “Hi Freedom. You sure are a beautiful horse. I love your markings.” The horse nickered and neighed, giving her the sign to proceed. She prepared to mount the horse when Ryan stopped her.
“Wait a minute. You’re missin’ something.” He held his hand up and then dashed into the barn calling out, “I’ll be right back.”
Natalie checked the saddle but didn’t see anything missing. However, it had been a long time since she’d saddled up a horse.
He returned with a cowgirl hat in his hand. “You’re not complete without this.”
Natalie placed her hand on his, helping him fit the hat on her head. “Whose is this?”
“It’s my sister’s. Do ya mind?”
“No, as long as she doesn’t.” She winked.
“Nah, she won’t mind. Wow, you make a beautiful cowgirl.” Ryan winked backed at her. He knew how to make her smile and she had to admit that she loved being complimented by him. “Can I help you up?”
“Please.” Natalie placed her foot into the stirrup while he held on to the reins, keeping the horse steady.
“Ya good?”
“Yes.” She ensured she had a good grip on the reins and her feet were properly in place.
He walked over to his horse and got on with little effort.
“You guys be careful, ya hear. I’ll be on the east side of the property and will be back in an hour or so.” Lance stepped out of the way.
“Okay. We’ll be back shortly.” Ryan looked over at Natalie. “Let’s start out slow, okay?”
Natalie nodded. “Okay.”
She kept her horse in sync with Ryan’s, walking at a slow pace. The morning sun’s rays peaked over the tall oak trees, preparing to beat the ground with another day of record-breaking heat. They wouldn’t be able to stay out too long so she intended to enjoy every minute of it.
“How large is the ranch? Does it go all the way to the lake?” She raised her sunglasses to get a better view.
“It’s five hundred acres and no, it doesn’t go to the lake. We have a stream that goes through the property, which probably feeds off of the lake.”
“I bet that’s pretty. I’ve always wanted to live by the water. I guess that’s why I like going to my aunt’s condo in Austin. It overlooks Lady Bird Lake. It’s really gorgeous.”
“I bet it is. Have you ever been to Lake Travis?”
“No, I haven’t.” She shifted her weight, trying to get comfortable on the hard leather saddle.
“You’d like it. The water is really clear for a lake.”
“Then we should go sometime,” Natalie responded.
They rode side by side crossing the land, laughing and talking along the way. She found herself opening up more to him because he seemed understanding about many things. Even though she wasn’t ready to share everything, he gave her a sense of security that continued to build on the level of trust she needed from him.
The more they chatted, the more they discovered all the common interests they shared like going to the movies, the beach, swimming, and of course horseback riding. Never in a million years did she ever think he would be attracted to her. For one, she didn’t even seem like his type. He was more of a country guy where she was more of a science nerd. He loved to talk and socialize and she preferred to keep to herself. Regardless, the attraction between them electrified her soul and it made her want to know everything about him and more.
“Gee, everything is so dry.” Natalie observed the sparse layer of green grass they traveled through.
“I know. We need rain badly. My parents said it’s been really dry here. We’ve even lost some cattle. Based on the weather reports, I doubt they’ll be lifting the watering ban anytime soon.”
“That’s horrible. I didn’t realize there were water restrictions in place. I guess I’ve been so busy with school, I haven’t paid much attention to what’s going on up here. Now that you mention it, my parent’s yard isn’t that green either.”
He led the way down a small hill. “This pond used to be bigger. It’s practically dried up now.”
“I guess this global warming is becoming more of a problem.” Natalie noticed the cracked mud where water once reached.
“Yeah, you haven’t seen the reports about it being a worldwide issue?”
“No, I haven’t. I know the news said Austin’s been dryer and hotter than usual and some crops had been affected. I didn’t realize it affected the whole world. Since I’m majoring in biomedical science and not environmental science, I haven’t kept up with the findings. I mean, don’t get me wrong, it concerns me.”
“Oh, I understand. I hope I didn’t insult your knowledge so please—”
“No, it’s okay. You’re just more in tune with it because of the ranch.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right. My parents really wanted me to study agriculture so I could help my brother when they get older.”
“So why don’t you?”
“It’s not what I wanna do. Don’t get me wrong, I love the ranch but I’d rather be with people instead of animals.” He urged his horse to pick up the pace and so did she.
“I understand. So, what’s your major?”
Ryan lifted his cowboy hat and wiped his forehead again with a handkerchief. “I’m a business and marketing major”.
Her horse drifted closer to his, allowing her to watch his every move closely. “That’s cool. What department will you be interning at?”
He glanced over at her and she watched his eyes traveled up and down. He was definitely checking her out. She wondered what he thought about the way she dressed. She hoped the jeans and bedazzled t-shirt her mom picked out for her made her look cute instead of nerdy. As for the boots, her toes hurt and she wondered how much longer she could handle wearing them. She didn’t have enough money to buy new ones, so she wore an old pair that had to be at least a size too small.
“I’ll be working in the sales and marketing division.” He cleared his throat a few times.
“Makes sense, since you like people. I wonder if you and Lise will be working together. She’ll be interning in the marketing department too.”
“Hmmm, I don’t know. I guess I’ll find out week after next. What department will you be interning at?”
“The main lab.”
“That’s awesome. I wonder if you will be working with Dr. Kronberg?”
“I hope so. I can’t wait to meet him.”
Natalie struggled to keep her attention on the path they rode down. Her gaze kept wandering over to him, admiring the way he looked wearing a cowboy hat and fitted shirt which outlined every bulge in his upper body. Not to mention the jeans that hugged his body perfectly. Cowboys never caught her attention in the past but he sure grabbed her’s.
“It feels so free out here. Free from stress, free from the worries of life.” She breathed in the fresh country air, clearing her mind. It felt good to get away and enjoy nature. Something she hadn’t done in a while.
“It is nice out here. That’s why I don’t mind coming home on occasion. I’m glad ya came over.” Ryan reached his hand out and she latched on to it.
“Me too.” They held hands for a short while until the horses drifted further apart and her hand slid from his.
She continued to take in the pure air, allowing it to filter through her airways. She loved the way the air blew through her hair and it made her eager to feel the wind against her entire body. Adrenaline flowed through her veins and she yearned to let Freedom ride freely.
“I’ll race you to the creek!” Natalie leaned forward and gripped the reins tightly and ordered the horse to sprint.
“Natalie….wait! I don’t think —” Ryan yelled out as she darted off.
She ignored his warning and pressed forward. Several yards later she looked over her shoulder and saw Ryan close behind. She laughed and leaned into Freedom, encouraging him to go faster. This was not like her to do something so reckless, but she couldn’t help it. The wind felt liberating as she sped across the open land.
Slowly, she raised her body up and took a deep breath. She felt brave and strong. Without much thought she let go of the reins and raised her hands up high toward the sky. She closed her eyes and imagined herself flying through the air; soaring over the vast open land to the wooded areas and down to the lake. She blocked everything from her mind and concentrated only on the sweet smell of the white jasmine shrubs blooming nearby.
“Natalie. Natalie. Stop! Stop!” Ryan yelled.
Natalie paid no attention to Ryan’s pleas. The feelings going through her body consumed every part of her. Her body was becoming one with nature. The wind seemed to flow through her, lifting her higher and higher. It howled and lashed against her body giving her the sensation of power and strength.
“Natalie….Natalie! Look! Look!” Ryan continued to holler in the distance.
Natalie struggled to separate herself from the wind and break the trance that consumed her. She sensed something was wrong and quickly opened her eyes when she heard Ryan’s frantic cry.
“Natalie. Stop! Stop!”
She grabbed the reins and pulled on them tightly urging Freedom to halt. The horse came to a sudden stop. She looked around trying to figure out why he sounded panicked. He pointed toward the horizon.
“What is that?” Natalie steadied the horse while her eyes took in the implausible sight. “Easy Freedom.” She coaxed the horse but he skittered around nervously.
In the near distance a warm reddish brown haze expanded across the open land. It rolled in, taking the form of a massive cloud, billowing and consuming everything in its path. The haze was headed in their direction.
Breathing heavily, Ryan struggled to speak. “It’s…it’s a dust storm. And it’s moving toward us. We gotta go… now.”
She watched the haze roll in like smoke billowing up from a forest fire. “In North Texas? I thought only West Texas gets dust storms?”
“My family said we’ve been getting them here lately, and they’re violent.” Ryan guided the horses to turn around. “C’mon, let’s go!” Ryan made a tsk tsk noise with his mouth and commanded the horses to move forward. Even though the horses panted heavily, they didn’t hesitate and quickly shifted into a sprint.
“We’ll shoot for the barn... over there. It’s a mile. See it?” The wind made it difficult to hear him, chopping every other word off. She followed his hand in the direction he pointed to and she saw their target destination.
“I can see it. Do you think we’ll make it?” she shouted back.
“I hope so.” Ryan yelled at the top of his lungs.
She glanced over her shoulder. The storm had to be only a few yards away. It didn’t take long for the fresh country air to be replaced by thick, gritty dirt. The horses slowed down as the storm surrounded then. Natalie coughed, inhaling the reddish dust with every breath she took.
Ryan pulled out the handkerchief from his back pocket. He guided his horse closer to Natalie and handed it to her. “Put this on. It’ll help,” he choked out the words, coughing and wheezing.
Natalie nodded and grabbed it from his hand. “What about you?”
Ryan let go of the reigns and took hold of his shirt and ripped it open. “I’ll use this.” He tied it around his face, covering his nose and mouth.
Darkness swiftly filled in between them and she lost sight of him. She reached up and pulled off her sunglasses only to realize that she needed them on. They protected her eyes from the dirt that now stung her eyes and made them water.
“Ryan…Ryan…Where are you?” she called out, her hand wavering back and forth in the dust. The thick and dark air made it impossible for her to find him. Freedom scampered and skittered around nervously in a circle and she struggled to get him under control. Then she heard his horse neighing.
“I’m right here. Where are you? We’ll have to walk the horses.” His voice trailed off, lost in the whirling wind.
She fought to remain calm. “Ooohhh...Ookkaaay,” she muttered under the cloth. Then Freedom came to a complete stop and refused to move.
“Whoa…. Whoa Girl.” Ryan suddenly yelled and she turned, searching in all directions. Then she heard him command the horse. “Stop! Stop!”
“Ryan… Ryan—” Natalie reached out into the darkness, not finding him. “Where are you?” she continued to call out. The dirt burned her eyes and a lump formed in the back of her throat. Flashes of her near death plane ride a few months ago crept into her mind and caused fear to take over. She swallowed back the tears. Now was not the time to give into it.
She got off the horse and pulled his face close to hers. Freedom kept his eyes closed apparently trying to avoid the needle-like pricks of the whipping dirt. She checked his saddle, searching for something to cover up his head. Then she remembered she had on a tank top under her shirt. Thank God. Quickly she took off her shirt and put it around the horse’s face.
“You’re okay boy.” She patted Freedom, reassuring him. She hugged the horse’s neck and spoke into his ear. “Freedom we will make it to the barn. You have to trust me, okay. Let’s go boy.” She pulled on the reins but he hesitated at first. She persuaded him until he followed her lead.
Natalie had no idea if they were headed in the right direction. The thick air caused visibility to be near zero. Completely alone and in the middle of a storm, she feared the worse. She could see it all happening again, just like the storm that hit the plane. Would she make it out alive this time? She fought the feelings of despair and fear, determined to survive.
She closed her eyes and focused on her surroundings. She shuffled her feet along the ground, persevering through the storm. The dirt-filled wind thrashed against her face, stinging her skin like a horrible sunburn after a day at the beach. She itched and burned as the dust entered in through her pores.
She kept her eyes closed, allowing her senses to fully take over. Somehow, the dirt gave her confidence and strength. It allowed her body to connect with the earth until she became one with it. She felt the ground moving and the entire earth rotating along its axis. Guide me mother earth. Guide me. At that moment, something deep within her stirred. All her surroundings aligned perfectly, like a navigational compass, telling her the cardinal directions. It pulled her body and guided her footsteps along the right course.
Natalie opened her eyes. Through the thick brownish-red dust, she saw something. She kept her eyes fixed until the air thinned enough to reveal the green barn straight ahead of them. The sight of it brought instant relief and calmness to her. Step by step she made her way to the barn, pulling Freedom at her side.
“We made it, Freedom. Thank God, we made it.” She reached for the handle on the barn door to open it. At the same time, it slid open and a hand reached for her.
“Natalie, oh thank God, you’re okay.” Ryan pushed the door open further allowing her and Freedom to get in.
“Yes, we made it.” Natalie leaped into his arms.
Ryan embraced her, holding her close. “I was so worried about you.”
She took off her sunglasses and buried her face against his chest. Tears streamed down her face, scalding her eyes. “I was so scared. I thought I might die out there.”
He leaned his head back and cradled her face with both his hands. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t leave you out there on purpose. Please believe me.”
“What happened to you?” Her voice quivered and she swallowed several times, trying to clear her throat from the dust and dirt that scraped her mouth like sand paper.
“My horse took off riding like a bat out of hell. She brought me straight to the barn. I felt horrible leaving you behind. I was waiting for the storm to pass before I went out to look for you. I’m so sorry I left you out there by yourself.” He wiped the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs in soft gliding movements.
Her heart told her he didn’t leave her intentionally. She just happened to get caught in another freak of nature storm. Why did these things keep happening to her? First it was the plane ride and now the dust storm. She had potentially come close to death not once, but twice now.
Natalie sighed heavily, still crying. “Thank God, I made it to the barn alive. Freedom got scared and wouldn’t move. I used my shirt and put it around his head. Oh no, I think I lost your sister’s hat.”
“It’s okay. It’s over.”
“Then….then something overcame me and my body…” she couldn’t stop the sobs.
Ryan placed his index finger over her lips. “Shhhh. You’re gonna be alright. You’re safe now. That’s all that matters.” He pulled her close to him and began to stroke her hair, easing the fear away with the gentle caress of his hand.
Her tears slowly ceased. Being in Ryan’s arms did make her feel safe. Safe from everything. She didn’t want to leave his arms ever. She nestled herself closer to him, allowing her hand and cheek to rest on his chest. The warmth of his skin relaxed her and that’s when she realized she was touching his bare skin. Through all the pandemonium she failed to notice he didn’t have a shirt on. How did she miss that?
She kept her hand steady and allowed her eyes to survey his finely sculpted pecks and abs. What her hands felt that night on the dance floor was real, very real. Ryan’s body was damn hot. A fine layer of dirt covered his bare chest and his hair stuck up in all directions. The scruffy look only made him sexier.
He lifted her chin and stared into her eyes. “You are so beautiful, Natalie.” His hand glided down her hair to her arm sending chills all over her body.
She gazed into his bloodshot red eyes. “Even with all this dirt on me?”
Ryan nodded. “Yes, beautiful. Dirt or no dirt, you’re gorgeous to me no matter what.”
Either he was crazy for thinking she looked good sporting the UT burnt orange dirt all over her body or somehow her beauty blinded him. Regardless, he knew the right words to speak. “Oh Ryan, you are a sweetheart.”
He picked up her hand from his chest and brushed his lips across the top of it. She closed her eyes, savoring the touch of his dry lips against her scorched skin. She wanted to feel his lips against hers. Glide her body against his bare skin. The demand of his touch focused her mind on one mission and one mission only, she wanted him. Then she remembered they both agreed to take it slow and get to know one another. What was wrong with her? She didn’t want to have sex with him. She barely knew him and it went against all her rules. Why couldn’t she control her emotions? She convinced herself that it had to be the near death experience driving them closer together.
Ryan tightened his arm around her waist and pressed his body firmly against hers. He released her hand and then cupped her cheek. The warmth of his breath spread across her face, inviting her lips to meet his. She moved in toward him, moistening her lips with her tongue. Her heart drummed in her ear and her lips quivered waiting to surrender to his call.
A loud thud sounded, calling their attention away from one another. The barn door swung open, allowing a ray of light to shine directly upon them. They pulled away, and used their hands to shield their sensitive eyes from the blinding light.
“Thank God, y’all are safe. That was one heck of a storm.” Lance walked in rambling on and on. They stood looking at him, but neither one spoke a word.
His eyes darted back and forth between them and he cleared his throat. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to… ummm.”
“Yeah, we didn’t think we would make it.” Ryan drew Natalie close to him. “But we are safe.”
She looked up at Ryan, “Yes, I’m safe now, safe in your arms.”




Chapter 5: Unexplainable Changes

“You’re glowing. Don’t deny it. You spent the weekend with Ryan, didn’t you?” Lise glanced up from her text book, eyeing Natalie.
Natalie fumbled to unpack her clothes from her bags, avoiding her friend’s gaze. “What?”
“You can’t play dumb with me. I see it written all over your face.” Lise motioned with her finger and then went back to reading her book.
Natalie finally looked up. She pressed her lips together, trying to conceal her happiness. It was no use. Her lips parted into a wide smile. “Not the entire weekend, only Saturday.”
“I knew it.” Lise shut her textbook and tossed it to the side. “Why didn’t you text me back?” She sprang up off her bed and rushed to Natalie’s side.
“Sorry, I got side tracked.” Natalie shrugged and then walked over to the bathroom to put up her toiletries.
Lise followed her around the room. “Tell me all about it? Did you sleep with him?”
“What? No… of course not.” Natalie continued to put her things away, still avoiding any direct face contact with Lise.
“Oh man.” Lise pouted and sat down on her bed. “Nat, please tell me you at least made out.”
Natalie walked out of the bathroom. “Ummm, no Lise we didn’t.”
“Then why do you keep smiling?” Lise pounded her hands into the mattress.
Natalie turned around, trying to hide her happiness. Nonchalantly, like she didn’t know her friend was dying for information, she dumped a bag of clean clothes on the bed and began to fold them. She knew Lise would hound her until she told her every last detail.
“Nat, tell me.”
Natalie tossed the pair of socks in her hands to the side and fell back on the pile of clothes. “Because I had another near death experience and it was wonderful.” She crossed her hands over her heart and closed her eyes. Thoughts of Ryan flooded her mind. Even though the dust storm scared her to death, she didn’t regret the time they spent together. She could still smell him, taste him, and feel him.
“What? You had…I’m confused. You’re happy because you almost died, again?”
Natalie opened her eyes and focused in on what Lise said. She sat up. “No. I mean, yes. I did have another near death experience but it ended quite well.”
Lise smiled. “I guess so, because you’re still alive and smiling like he rocked your world.”
She giggled. “Let me explain. We went horseback riding on his ranch—”
“He invited you over to his house? His parent’s place?”
Natalie narrowed her eyes at Lise, warning her to stop. “Yes. Can I finish?”
“Sorry.” Lise chewed on her lower lip.
“What? Go ahead, Lise.” Natalie got up and then scooted over the pile of clothes, clearing a spot on the bed to sit down.
“He must really like you. If a guy invites you over to meet his parents—”
“Wait. I didn’t say that. His parents weren’t home. I did meet his brother and his brother’s family.”
“Still. Okay, you met half of his family… which means he must really like you.” Lise’s voice escalated. She did a happy dance staying seated and for a moment she acted like her world had been rocked.
Natalie shook her head, unable to understand how everything excited Lise. “I guess if you say so. Anyhow, we went riding and there was a horrible dust storm. Violent.”
“OMG! Seriously?”
Natalie put her finger to her lips, instructing Lise to stay quiet and let her finish. Lise pretended to zip her mouth close.
“Yes, a horrible storm. I honestly thought that I might die. She shivered, recalling how the thick clouds of dust surrounded her and blinded her sight. We got separated. Eventually we both found our way back to a barn.”
Lise smiled. “Let me guess. I know what happened next.” She grabbed a small bed pillow and held it tightly to her chest.
“Not what you think. It was intense. He held me, caressed me, and told me I was beautiful. I got to bury my face against his bare muscular chest. Boy, does he have muscles. Whoa.” Natalie fanned herself. “Let me think what else.”
Lise practically cried over the story. “You two kissed and it was wonderful.”
Natalie sighed. “Actually, no. We didn’t.”
“No? You didn’t kiss?” Her smile quickly turned into a frown.
“No. We were about to when his brother threw open the barn doors.”
“Oh that sucks. Why didn’t you tell him to take a hike?”
“Lise, his brother needed to know if we were safe.”
“Oh well.” She grabbed her cell phone and started messing with it. “Why didn’t you guys hang out the rest of the weekend?”
 “The storm caused a lot of damage to the ranch. Since his parents were out of town, he and his brother had to fix fences and tend to injured animals. They even lost a baby calf.”
“Gosh.” Lise muttered, not paying much attention to what she said.
“Did you hear me? An animal died, Lise.” Natalie spoke slowly, emphasizing each word.
Lise looked up from her cell phone. “Oh wow, that is bad. I wonder why you keep getting caught up in these weird storms.”
“I don’t know. It is ironic.” Natalie reached over to her pile of laundry and grabbed a shirt. She took her time, folding it nice and neat. “We chatted and texted the rest of the weekend. He was supposed to follow me back today but decided to stay home until Friday.”
“I’m glad things are turning out well for you two.”
Natalie sighed. “I can only hope. So, did you get to hang out with Sal?”
“Yeah, pretty much, until he left to go home on Thursday with Ryan. We got to know each other really well.”
“Lise.” Natalie turned around and narrowed her eyes at her.
“No, I told you, he’s not like that. I mean, we did make out, but all our clothes stayed on.” She rolled her eyes and then drifted back to her phone.
“Good for you! Getting to know each other is important.”
Lise shrugged her shoulders. “Yeah, I guess. I can’t wait for him to come back.”
“And I can’t wait for Ryan to come back either.”

***

“Thanks for the movie and dinner. I’ve wanted to come here, just haven’t made the time.” Natalie looked at Ryan and let out an alluring smile.
“You’re welcome. So what did ya think about the movie?” He dug his hands in his short pockets and bit down on his bottom lip. He felt a little apprehensive about the conversation he needed to have with her.
“I liked it. However, I didn’t expect for it to end that way.”
“Yeah, me either.” He opened the truck door for her. When he walked around to the driver’s side, thousands of thoughts attacked his mind. He balled up his hands into a fist and clenched his teeth. His brother’s voice rang loudly in his head, “Don’t be scared, just tell ’er the truth. If she doesn’t understand then she’s not the girl for ya.”
He took a deep breath, got in his truck and started it. He smiled at her. She had to be the most beautiful girl ever. Her flawless skin shimmered like satin and she wore the right amount of make-up that gave her that sexy sultry look. Her lips glistened with a light shade of gloss, which made them irresistible. He had to force himself to look away; otherwise he knew he would steal a kiss from her.
“It’s only 7:30 p.m. Do you want me to take you back to the dorm or can I show you one of my favorite places?” He held his breath waiting for her response.
She pressed her lips together, not saying a word. After a few seconds, she turned to him and said, “Take me to your favorite place.”
He exhaled. “All right… I will.” He reached up and opened the sunroof to his black Chevrolet Avalanche and drove off. He scanned through the radio searching for the right tune.
“Can you leave it there?” Natalie reached for the radio.
“You like this song?” Ryan shot a quick look at her.
“Yeah, I do.”
“Sweet.” He had no idea that she even liked country music. They had more in common than he thought.
“What else do you listen to?” She asked.
“Oh, everything I guess. Dance music, some rock, Latin ballads which are my mom’s favorite, and some Christian music. I play the guitar at our church whenever I’m home. I guess you can say I’ve learned to appreciate all types of music.”
“That’s cool. I didn’t know you played the guitar.” The wind blew through Natalie’s hair and she struggled to keep it out of her face. He couldn’t help but notice how sexy she looked with windblown hair.
“Yeah, I’ve been playing since I was ten. Do you want me to close the sunroof?” He held his hand up to the button.
“No, that’s okay. The wind feels great. We haven’t had a nice breeze like this in a while.”
“You got that right. It’s been pretty hot and muggy.”
A strong gust of wind wisped through the sunroof and into her hair, filling the truck with a fruity floral smell. He inhaled, taking in her sweet scent. It gave him a shiver. He continued watching her out of the corner of his eye as she pulled her hair to the side. It took everything for him not to reach over and stroke her hair. He longed to run his fingers through her silky dark brown tresses.
He shook his head, trying to clear his mind. “What about you? What else do you listen to?”
“Dance music too, anything top 40, and country. I admit I don’t ever listen to Christian music, not that anything is wrong with it. I do sing along when I go to church.”
“That’s okay. At least we like a lot of the same type of music.” Ryan cleared his throat. “So do you know how to two-step? I know you can salsa dance.”
“Kind of. Okay, don’t make fun of me but my senior year I took a dance class at school. I guess because everyone was into that show, what’s it called…Dancing With The Stars, they decided to offer it. Anyhow, I learned several types of dances. I’m not that good. You’ve seen firsthand.”
He let out a laugh. “Seriously? I wish they would’ve had that class my senior year. I’ve always wanted to take ballroom dancing. In fact, I thought about signing up for it here. Hey, why don’t we take it together, in the fall?”
Natalie’s head turned quickly in his direction. “Seriously?”
“Yeah, c’mon it’ll be fun.”
“I’ll think about it.” She stared out through the window.
“Do you always have to think about everything?” He made his voice light, trying to not sound rude.
Her head spun around. “Yeah, I do. Is that a problem?” He noticed the slight elevation in her voice.
“No. Not all. Just asking.”
Damn! He didn’t mean to offend her and hoped he didn’t make her mad. He felt more comfortable around her but knew he needed to be careful on how he asked questions. He tended to blurt things out without thinking about them first. The last thing he wanted to do was to upset her. For some reason, being around her caused his mind to go a little haywire.
Casually, he reached over and placed his hand on top of hers. He patted it lightly. “That’s why I like you. You’re different from me.” He let his hand remain on top of hers while keeping his eyes on the road. He loved the softness of her skin against his rough hands.
“Really? What else do you like about me?” Her voice sounded alluring rather than inquisitive.
He tapped his finger against the steering wheel. His face felt hot and his mind raced with a million thoughts. “Ummm…let’s see… you’re beautiful, smart, kind, thoughtful, and very analytical.” He glanced over at her, praying he said the right thing.
She leaned her head against her shoulders, acting shy. “Thanks. So you like that I’m a nerdy type of girl?”
“What? I didn’t say you were nerdy.”
“You don’t have to. I know I am.” She picked at the light pink nail polish on her nails.
“Well, I don’t think you are. In fact, I thought you looked cute and sexy… wearing your glasses and your hair up in a ponytail the day I met you.”
He felt her wrap her fingers over his. Judging by her reaction, it told him he said the right things.
She let out a slight laugh. “Sexy? Really? So I shouldn’t wear my hair down and my contacts any longer?”
He looked at her. The wind continued to blow through her hair causing strands to stick to her glossy lips. He kept one eye on the road and the other watching her peel each strand away. Man, she was sexy and far from nerdy in his opinion.
“No… I mean you’re beautiful with your hair down and no glasses.” He searched for the right words, feeling like a nerd himself.
“It’s okay. I know what you’re saying. I guess that’s what I like about you.”
“What, that I’m a rambling idiot?”
“No, you’re not an idiot. I like that you’re funny, considerate, honest, smart, handsome, and…”
“And?” Ryan glided his thumb back and forth against the top of her hand. He could caress her smooth creamy skin all day and night if she let him.
She pushed a part of her hair back behind her ear and held onto it, winding it around her fingers. “You’re sexy.”
He burst out laughing. “Sexy? I don’t think so.”
She let out a giggle. “I do. I think you look sexy in a cowboy hat and jeans.”
“I’ll be sure to wear them next time.” He winked and squeezed her hand. It flattered him to hear compliments from her. He worked hard to stay in shape and he took pride in taking care of his body. More than anything, it was nice to have a girl that didn’t focus on herself constantly. That’s what made Natalie even more attractive to him.
He turned onto a long and winding two-way road. Trees stretched over the road from both sides, as though locking branches with one another. It created a lush canopy of thick foliage that extended for at least a mile. He had been down this road many times, but for the first time, it felt cozy and romantic. Maybe because he had Natalie next to him, changing the mood completely.
“Can I ask where we’re going?” She continued looking around, her eyes darting around from side to side.
He wanted to surprise her but based on her actions he thought it best to tell her.
“When you told me you had never been to Lake Travis, I thought you might like to see it.”
“Oh… the lake.” Natalie’s hand went limp. He noticed her shifting back and forth in her seat.
“Is something wrong?” He wanted to take her to a romantic and memorable place and wondered if he’d made the right decision.
She squeezed her eyes shut before finally speaking. “Yeah, I’m okay,” she mumbled.
“Are you sure? You’re not dizzy again are you?”
Natalie glanced over at him. “No. It’s not that.” She paused for a minute. “The last time I went to a lake it was to clear my head.” She turned away and let out a small sigh.
He heard the pain behind that sigh. Obviously the lake brought back some hurtful memories. He didn’t want to pry and decided he would allow her to open up to him when she was ready. Damn, he couldn’t win for losing.
“I can turn around, if you want.”
She shook her head. “No, I’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I want to see Lake Travis.”
The gravel crackled and popped as he drove up to the area leading to the lake. He pulled up to a boat ramp and stopped. The setting sun painted the sky with streaks of orange and purple. It made the water glisten like gold and out of all the times he had been there, he had never seen such a breath taking site.
He didn’t want to let go of Natalie’s hand but needed to put the truck in park. He gave her hand a deep squeeze and let go. He felt her latch on, apparently not wanting him to let go either. Slowly, she released her hand from his.
“So this is what you wanted to show me?” Natalie took off her seat belt and leaned forward, looking out the front windshield.
“Yeah, it reminds me of summer vacations with my family when I was a kid. I know it’s no beach, but it’s the closest thing we have here in Austin.” He waited to turn off the truck, still not convinced that she wanted to be there.
“It’s beautiful. The water looks so inviting. I may have to jump in.”
He noticed a change in her face. Maybe she would be okay after all. “People come out here to get certified for scuba diving. Do you wanna take a walk?”
Natalie nodded. “Sure, why not.”
He let out a sigh of relief and opened his truck door. He came around and opened the door for her. He stuck out his hand, helping her get out of the truck. When she didn’t let go of his hand, Ryan didn’t hesitate to interlock his fingers with hers. They walked down to the water, holding hands. It felt good to be next to her; natural and right, in so many ways.
“Wow, there’s sand.” Natalie dug her shoes into the brown, sand-like dirt.
“I know. That’s why I like coming out here so much. Feels like I’m at the beach.”
“Just a minute, I don’t want to get my shoes wet.” She bent over and removed her sandals before the water reached them. She held on to them by the straps, allowing them to dangle from her fingers. “What about you?”
He glanced down at his boat shoes. “Nah, I get these wet all the time.”
Something caught his eye as the water splashed over Natalie’s feet. He had to take another look. For a split second, he thought he saw her legs and feet liquefy into water. The structure of them remained solid but they were clear, like the lake. He shut his eyes tightly and shook his head.
“I can’t believe the water is so clear, almost like the ocean. Hey, are you okay?” Natalie pulled at his arm. Her grip tightened and she shook him a couple times. “Ryan.”
“Yeah?” He opened his eyes and blinked a few times. He looked back down and saw they were normal. His eyes had to be playing tricks on him. He figured the anxiety building up inside of him caused it, since he still needed to have that talk with her.
“Is everything okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I was just thinking that we should come out here during the day. Ya know, go swimming or rent a boat.”
“Yeah, that sounds like fun.” Natalie smiled at him but he could see the doubt in her eyes.
“C’mon, let’s walk down this way.” He motioned with his head.
He led her down the sandy shoreline holding her hand. A cool breeze blew off the calm water, not at all typical for an evening in May. Out in the distance, he spotted a few boats and saw a couple of people dotted along the beach area on the other side of the lake. He figured there would be more people at the lake because of the nice weather but they were practically alone.
Natalie gazed out into the horizon. “It’s a beautiful sunset. I’m glad you brought me here.”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Her lightly tanned skin shimmered in the setting sun’s rays and her hair flowed freely in the breeze. She looked radiant, almost Goddess like in her white dress. Then again, Natalie looked good in anything she wore.
Even though she excited him, she also calmed him. She put him at ease and he felt his heart surrendering to her. Never did he imagine falling for the quiet sophomore he knew back in high school. Her beauty mesmerized him and he nearly forgot that he needed to have that heart to heart honest conversation with her. There were so many ways to do this wrong. He had to do it right. He had to be completely honest and open with her.
With his shoe, he smoothed out the sand, thinking of the right words to say. “Natalie… I don’t want to step out of line again, but the feelings I have for you are beyond controllable.” He held his breath waiting for her response.
She turned toward him, gazing deeply into his eyes. She reached up and touched his cheek with her hand. “My feelings for you are uncontrollable too.”
His heart skipped a beat. So she had the same overwhelming feelings he had about her. He took her in his arms. “You don’t know how good it feels to hear you say that.”
“I’m scared though,” she mumbled.
He cradled her face in his hands and stared into her pale blue eyes. “Don’t be.” He glided his finger over her lips. They parted and he heard her let out a soft sigh. The plumpness and fullness of her lips were inviting, making him want to take them captive.
She glided her hand down behind his neck and leaned into him. Cautiously he brought his lips to hers, afraid that she might run off again. When she closed her eyes, he kissed her deeply and tenderly. It released every ounce of fear that consumed him, allowing him to show everything he felt for her. It had to be the most passionate and intense kiss he had ever experienced.
She responded willingly and didn’t pull away this time. He pulled her body closer to his, holding on to her tightly. Her hot breath against his mouth made him dizzy with desire and need. They continued kissing, not even stopping for a breath of air. His feet sunk deeper into the sand burying him up to his ankles. She wavered back and forth in his arms, and he struggled to keep them both upright. She pressed her body against his and his head swirled. For a moment, he lost all sense of direction and he felt his body lifting. He swayed back and then forward before finally losing his balance.
He held on to her with one arm, protecting her as best as he could. He used his other arm to break their fall. She cried out when they fell back on to the sand.
“Are you okay?” He lifted himself up off of her. “Did I hurt you?”
She shook her head. “No, I’m fine.” She glided her fingers up and down his arms, awakening every nerve ending in his body. “Kiss me again.”
He leaned over her, caressing her neck and trailing kisses up to her luscious lips. She responded back with soft and light kisses. Her lips tasted so good, he didn’t want to part from them. He closed his eyes, taking in each kiss fully. She moaned low in her throat and it tormented him to the very core. He wanted her badly. Never had he felt this way before about a girl. Desire flooded his senses. He was losing control.
He pulled away. “I’m sorry.”
Natalie opened her eyes. “What? Is something wrong?”
He knelt down on the sand and shoveled his fingers through his hair. Why couldn’t he control himself around her? She was so irresistible but that was no excuse. He had to bridle the passion and feelings he had for her. This couldn’t go any further. He got up and walked off.
“Ryan. Ryan, what’s wrong? Did I do something?” Natalie chased after him but stopped when he held out his hand.
He ignored her pleading for a second, gathering his thoughts. He took a deep breath and let out a long and drawn out sigh. “No, ya didn’t do anything wrong. It’s me.” He held on to his head with both hands, pacing back and forth along the sand.
Natalie stared at him, looking confused. Who could blame her? He gave her all the right signals to only push her away. He had to be honest with her, otherwise how would he know if she was the right gal for him.
He walked up to her and took her hand. “I’m sorry. I really need to finish my talk with you.”
“Okay.” Her eyes sank and the glow from her face faded in to a look of worry.
He led her back down by the water and sat down. She knelt down next to him, keeping some distance between them.
“Natalie, there’s something I need to tell you.” He grabbed a fist full of sand and sifted it through his hand.
She placed her hand on his arm. “If it’s—”
“It’s not what you think. I need to be honest with you.”
She pulled her hand back. “Oh…okay.”
He hesitated for a moment and then looked over at her. His mind reviewed the words carefully before he spoke. “When I’m around you, I find it really hard to control myself. Like I said earlier, my feelings for you are beyond controllable.”
She nodded and barely mumbled, “Uh-huh.”
He cleared his throat several times. “Every time I’m with you, I want to lose myself with you. But I can’t. I made a promise and I’m sticking to it. I just don’t know if you are willing to accept that and if you’re not then…” the words hung in his throat before he managed to spit them out, “I’ll have to end our relationship.”
She winced and had a puzzled look on her face. “What? I have no idea what you’re talking about. I don’t understand.”
“What I’m trying to say is that… I’m a virgin.” He felt a flash of heat hit his cheeks.
She let out a small sigh. “That’s what this is all about?”
He dug the heels of his shoe into the wet sand. He took a deep breath and let it out quickly. “Yes. I’m twenty-one and still a virgin. If you can’t accept that, I understand. I made a promise to not have sex until marriage and I intend on keeping it.”
She laid her hand on top of his. “That is the most admirable thing I’ve ever heard from a guy. I only wish I could say the same.”
Ryan felt everything drain from him. His shoulders sank and his head dropped down. He felt his body sinking deeper into the sand. “I understand. It’s not easy to make this type of commitment.” He stared into her eyes. “I wish you could walk down that same path with me, because there is nothing more I want than to spend each and every day with you.”
Tears filled her eyes and she shook her head. “I… I don’t think I made myself clear. I meant that I wish I could say that I was a virgin, but I’m not. I don’t intend on having sex again until I marry. I only did it because I really thought Tony and I would marry. I’ve been beating myself up over making such a dumb mistake.”
“So you’re okay with me being a virgin and not having sex until marriage?”
She smiled, wiping the tears that trickled down her face. “Yes. I’m perfectly fine with that. I really value sex like you do.”
He reached forward and took her in his arms. Her eyes met his and deep inside, he knew Natalie was the gal for him. “Then you’re willing to have a relationship with me and fight off the urge not to give into our sexual needs? No matter how strong they are?”
“Yes, I am. I have to admit that I’ve never had a problem controlling myself but for some reason I have trouble with you.”
“Then we will have to work extra hard. It won’t be easy but I’m willing to give it everything if you are.”
“I am.”
He leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. Everything about her felt so right. She leaned her head against his chest and he held her close. He could see himself spending the rest of his life with her. He didn’t want this day to end. They sat there; his arms wrapped around her, watching the sun vanish along the horizon.
“Are you ready to go? It’s getting dark.” He whispered in her ear.
“If it’s okay with you, I’d like to stay out here a little longer. It’s therapeutic for me. If you know what I mean.”
Ryan kissed her cheek. “I know exactly what you mean. Why don’t we go over there?” He pointed to a pile of wood down the shore.
She followed his finger. “To that pile of ashes?”
“Yeah. How about I start us a fire? I think I may have a few pieces of wood in the bed of my truck and a lighter somewhere.”
“Sure. Too bad you don’t have a blanket and your guitar.”
“Oh, I think I may have those too.”
She put her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed. “Did you plan this, Ryan Garrett?”
For a moment, he thought he did something wrong. Then he saw her lips curl up into a full smile. He winked. “Yes, right down to the fire.”

Chapter 6: There’s No Denying

Natalie felt the vibration of her phone against her leg. Her heart skipped a beat, hoping it was Ryan sending her a text. She pulled the phone out of her lab coat and kept it under the table. She looked around for the professor and spotted him helping several other students a few tables in front of hers. She saw that Ryan sent her a message.
Wish me luck. I’m headed to Kronberg for day one of my internship.
She texted back:
Good luck. I know you’ll do a great job and impress them.
She waited a few minutes and received his next text:
Hope so. I’ll call you when I get off. Maybe we can grab a bite to eat. I miss seeing your smile and looking into your beautiful blue eyes ;)
She couldn’t help but smile. He made her feel so giddy inside. She texted:
I miss you too. I can’t wait to see you.
“Natalie. Natalie. Which one do you want?” Sean nudged her while waving a piece of paper in front of her face.
“Huh?” Natalie shoved her phone back into the pocket of her lab coat. She took the paper from his hand.
“Which project do you want us to work on? We need to make a decision quickly before the good ones are gone.” His arm fidgeted against the lab table and his hand inched upward, ready to rise the moment they decided.
“Oh, ummm… let me see.” She felt completely lost. She hadn’t heard a word the professor said.
“I think we should go with—”
“How about the aptamers one? Sounds interesting.” She pointed to one of the selections.
He adjusted his thick black frame glasses. “I guess.”
“You don’t like that one?”
“Honestly, I thought the one with biofuels because of the global warming sounded more interesting. It says more than one team can choose that one.” He showed her where it said that on the paper.
Global warming. It caught her attention and she thought about Ryan’s ranch and the problems with produce around the state. “Yes, let’s do that one.”
“Great.” Sean took the paper from her and raised his hand. He waved it in the air until the professor acknowledged him. Even though Sean seemed a little persistent, she knew choosing him as her lab partner made sense. She met him during the spring semester in a biology class they both took. When it came to schoolwork, he proved to be reliable and dedicated to his studies.
He nudged her arm. “Are you coming or what?”
Natalie rubbed her forehead and brushed her hair back away from her face. Why did she feel completely distracted today? “Yeah. Sorry.” She took off her lab coat and shoved it into her backpack along with her textbook.
“Are you okay? You seem a little out of it.”
“I’m fine. I guess I’m feeling a little overwhelmed.”
He held the door open for her. “How many classes are you taking this summer?”
“Just two and the lab class.” She adjusted her backpack on her shoulders.
“That’s a full load for summer. Plus the internship, right?” He reached over and zipped up her backpack. Apparently, she had forgotten to zip it closed.
She shook her head. “Thanks. Yeah, I’ll be working on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays in the afternoon. By the way, thank you for putting in a good word for me. I know they typically want juniors.”
“No problem. Besides, your grades spoke for themselves. You’re going to really like working at Kronberg. It’s cool and Dr. Kronberg takes the time to work with us and answer questions.”
“That’s so awesome. I can’t wait for tomorrow. What days do you work?”
Sean held up his hand, shielding his eyes from the sun. It shined brightly but for some reason it didn’t bother her, even though the rays peered right into her eyes. “The same as you. I’ll be there to show you around tomorrow. I need to warn you about Franz. He’s a little, eccentric.”
“I’ve met him. He interviewed me for the job. Red frizzy hair, brown eyes and freckles all over his face?”
Sean nodded. “That’s him alright.”
“He’s kind of freaky and weird.” She shuddered. Thinking about him gave her the hebegeebees.
He arched his eyebrow and gave her one of those looks. “That’s an understatement. He’s a freakin’ schitzo if you ask me. Most people call him the ‘Mad Scientist’ behind his back. I think he likes it. Don’t worry, he keeps to himself most of the time. Even though he’s supposed to supervise us, he doesn’t.”
“So, who does?”
“You’re talking to him. Since I’ve been there for a year, they offered me a part-time job as a lab assistant. I work closely with all the interns, so you have nothing to worry about.”
“Wow! You didn’t tell me that.” Natalie gave him a friendly slap on his forearm.
“Owww.” He rubbed his arm. “What do you have in that hand of yours? Lead?”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you so hard.” She felt bad, wondering if she had actually hurt him. Poor Sean, he was so tall and skinny. He didn’t have an ounce of fat on his body or much muscle either. Why didn’t he take the workout supplements from Kronberg Laboratories? She refrained from asking or suggesting it to him, even though she wanted to.
“It’s okay, it doesn’t hurt.” He shook his arm, like he was trying to ease the pain. When he noticed Natalie staring at his arm, he quickly ran his fingers through his dark black wavy hair. “I didn’t tell you because I just got the job two weeks ago.”
“Good for you.” She tried to keep her eyes off the blaring red handprint she left behind on his fair skin.
“Yeah, thanks. Do you want to go get something to eat? We can get started on our project afterwards, if you like.”
She checked the time. It was ten minutes after two o’clock and her stomach grumbled with hunger. Since Ryan and Lise were both at their internships she agreed. “Sure, that’s fine. We both have to work tomorrow and the project’s due in a few weeks. Do you want to eat at the union?”
“Yeah, there’s plenty to select from there.” Sean said.
They walked down the stairs and crossed the street to the main campus area. The union buzzed with chatter and Natalie had to dodge the steady stream of students passing in and out of the building.
“I’m thinking we should make this a set time. You know, work on our projects after lab class. What do you think?” Sean pushed his way through the crowd.
“Sure. I’d like to find a quiet place if we can.” Natalie said, making her way to one of the restaurants.
“Leave it to me. I’ll find us something.” Sean smiled and gave her a quick wink.

***

Natalie lay back on her bed and closed her eyes. With her finger she traced her lower lip. She recalled the way Ryan had kissed her deeply and passionately that night at the lake. Chills ran up and down her arms. She’d loved the way his body felt against hers and how he’d held on to her. The same way he did when she’d nearly fainted during orientation. She longed to see him tonight but her inner voice reminded her to take things slow.
Her phone chimed. She opened her eyes and picked it up. Ryan’s text message flashed across her screen:
Can’t meet up tonight. Kronberg’s having a big shindig next Friday night and we’re busy helping out. Not sure what time I’ll leave.
She sighed and her heart ached. Regardless of what that inner voice told her, she wouldn’t be able to see him after all.
She texted him:
No problem. Maybe we can meet up tomorrow. Did you see Lise?
He texted back:
Yeah, we’re working together. She told me to tell you she’ll be at the dorm later tonight. I’ll give you a call when I get to my apartment. Gotta go. Bye beautiful ;)
Natalie’s heart soared. Beautiful. Beautiful. She held the cell phone to her chest. Ryan always knew the right thing to say, every time. If only she was as gifted with communicating her emotions to him.
She searched her phone for the right emoticon. She found a smiley face blowing a kiss in the shape of a heart. Perfect. She pushed the send button. Ryan flooded her mind. Everything about him felt so right, so natural. She’d never felt this way about a guy before. Not even with Tony. She winced at the thought of Tony and her kissing. Why did she make such a stupid mistake and have sex with him? Why didn’t she save herself?
If only she’d gone out with Ryan first, she would still be a virgin. She shook her head in disgust. Despite her mistake, she couldn’t believe that Ryan wanted to go out with her. It was unbelievable that he valued sex the way she did. Never in a million years did she peg him to be that type of guy; saving himself until marriage. That was practically unheard of when it came to a guy. Only girls did that sort of thing.
Giggles and smiles poured out. She was actually going out with Ryan Garrett! What would her old high school friends think? They wouldn’t believe her. One thing for certain, he was with her because he truly liked her and not because he wanted to get in her pants. She refused to mess things up with him regardless of how uncontrollable her desires were. She’d respect his promise.
Her phone rang and she quickly picked it up. Her Aunt Sharon’s picture showed up on the screen instead of Ryan’s.
“Hi, Aunt Sharon.” Natalie sat up in her bed.
“Hey darling. How’s school going? Have you started your internship yet?” Sharon sounded a little winded.
“I started summer classes today and tomorrow will be my first day at Kronberg. Are you okay? It sounds like you’ve been running.”
She sighed heavily. “Yeah, I’m scurrying around the condo, trying to pack. I’m headed to Europe and wanted to remind you to stop by this week if you can.”
“Sure. No problem. I’ll stop by Wednesday.”
“Oh that will be great. Like I said, if you want to spend the night here you are more than welcome. I won’t be back until the end of July so I need for you to check on the place each week.”
“Okay, no problem.”
“Well, gotta go. I’m staying at Chad’s tonight so he can take me to the airport in the morning. Tell your mom I said hi. Luv ya.”
“I will. Be careful and have a good time. Bye.” Natalie hung up the phone. She got up and went over to her dresser and changed her clothes. Since Ryan had to work late, she decided to workout and grab a bite to eat afterwards. Besides, the workout would help her get a good night’s sleep and be ready for her first day at Kronberg.

***

Natalie headed up I-35 to Round Rock, a small suburb outside of Austin, to Kronberg Laboratories. She glanced at the thermostat in her car; one-hundred and three degrees. Summer had arrived. She fidgeted in her chair, peeling her skirt off her legs. Between the Texas heat and the adrenaline pumping through her veins, she felt like she’d just finished a boot camp class. She reached over and turned up the air conditioner. She couldn’t go in looking all sweaty, especially on her first day.
She parked in the garage and then walked into the ten-story, silver and black building. A part of her couldn’t believe she’d actually gotten an internship in the laboratory. They only hired a few interns every semester for the lab operations. Even though they had over thirty interns this summer, all of them, including Ryan, Lise, and Sal, worked on the business operations side of the company. All the hard work and determination would hopefully allow her to reach her dream one day as head research scientist. Kronberg made that dream seem so much closer.
“May I help you?” A lady wearing a gray uniform sat at the front desk. Several armed security guards stood nearby.
“Yes, I’m Natalie Vega and I’m interning in the lab.”
The lady gave her a flat smile. “Welcome to Kronberg Laboratories.” She turned to her computer and typed in some information. “Yes, here you are. You’re working in the main lab area, reporting to Franz Rousseau. Let me get your badge.”
Natalie waited while the lady searched through a stack of ID badges. “Here is your badge. You will need to wear it at all times.”
“Yes ma’am.” Natalie took the badge. She studied the photo on the front of it. It was only two weeks ago that she took the picture but she sure did look different with her straight hair and eye glasses. She clipped the badge to her shirt.
“Please have a seat over there.” The lady pointed to an area filled with several young people who appeared to be interns too. “Someone will come and get you.”
“Okay. Thank you.” Natalie walked across the gray slate floor to a sitting area of sleek leather chairs and sofas. The modern décor and color pallet of white, gray, and silver gave the building a futuristic feeling. She recognized many of the faces from orientation, even though she didn’t know them personally. Before she sat down, she heard someone call her name.
“Natalie. Ready to go?” Sean waved and smiled, walking in her direction. He wore a long white lab coat that made him look pencil thin.
“Hi, Sean. Am I the only one?” She glanced back at the group of students behind her.
“Yes. The other two interns started yesterday.”
“There are only three interns working in the lab?”
“No. There’s a total of five. Two stayed on from last semester. Come on, I’ll show you how to get into this place.” He motioned for her to follow him.
They walked up to a large turnstile, located next to the side of the front desk. “You scan your badge and then press your thumb up to the scanner.” Sean showed her by doing his first.
She followed his instructions. A green light illuminated on the display. “You can walk through now.” A guard standing to the side informed her.
“Thanks.” She gave the guard a friendly smile and walked through. He didn’t smile back. She hoped her coworkers would be friendlier. Everyone seemed so tightlipped and serious. “That was easy,” she said to Sean, while straightening out her badge on the lapel of her shirt.
“Yeah, nothing to it.” He led her through the main common area. “Did you get a tour of the facility?”
“Yes, during orientation. This place is amazing. It feels like I’m walking through a scene from Star Wars or something.” She gawked at all the transparent computer screens displaying information and videos along the walls.
“Yeah, it kind of feels like that or a scene from Iron Man.” Sean led her down a long corridor and then made a right turn. A set of clear glass double doors marked with the words ‘Clearance Required’ greeted them. She watched Sean scan his badge and the glass doors slide open.
“All you need is to dress the guards like Imperial Stormtroopers.”
Sean broke out in laughter. “Now that would be cool. Speaking of dressing up, next Friday is Kronberg’s big annual masquerade party. Everyone’s invited. You don’t want to miss it.”
She followed him down another hallway to the main laboratory area. “My roommate, Lise, is working in Marketing. She told me all about it last night. Sounds like it will be epic.”
“Man, you have no idea. They go all out. It’s like a Vegas show on steroids. I’m sure Lise’s head is spinning trying to get everything prepared for next week.”
“That’s an understatement. She’s already stressed out, worrying how they will get everything done in time.”
“Sounds like you have the scoop on it. So are you going?” Sean scanned his badge again which opened a set of opaque glass doors. They slid open diagonally, disappearing into the wall.
Natalie followed Sean in to the lab. Her jaw dropped. “Wow, this is impressive.” She stumbled around in a circle. High tech gadgets surrounded her, lighting up in neon colors. Transparent computer screens hung along the walls, scrolling data and showing different video clips.
“You’ll get used to it. Come on, I’ll take you to your workstation. Franz left early and asked me to show you around.”
“Okay.” She followed him slowly, trying to assimilate everything around her.
“Let me introduce you to Dr. Kronberg.” Sean ushered Natalie over to a short older man standing in front of a computer screen.
“Excuse me, Dr. Kronberg.”
The white headed man turned around. “Yes, Sean.” He spoke with a heavy Swedish accent and it was exactly how she imagined him sounding.
“I’d like for you to meet Natalie Vega, one of the new interns.”
Dr. Kronberg’s thin lips parted into a flat smile. He stuck out his hand. “Hello, Natalie. It’s nice to meet you.”
She shook the ingenious scientist’s age worn hand. “Hello, Dr. Kronberg. It’s an honor to meet you.”
“Thank you. We are glad you are here. This will be a great learning opportunity for you. If you need anything at all, I’m here. Please don’t hesitate to ask me any questions. Remember, there is no such thing as a dumb question, only those not asked remain unknown and a mystery to all.”
Natalie smiled. Not only was he intelligent, but kind too. “Thank you. I’m looking forward to learning everything I can while I’m here. This is a dream come true.” The doctor pulled his hand back and she realized she hadn’t stopped shaking it. She retrieved her hand, feeling like a complete rambling fool.
The doctor adjusted his thin metal frame glasses. “I’m glad to hear that. We’ll talk later.” He gave a slight nod to both of them and turned back to his work.
She followed Sean to the back of the lab. “He is so cool.”
“I told you. Over here is your locker to store your things. You’ll need to make sure you put on your lab coat before going to your workstation. There are some areas that are designated as clean room only. I’ll show them to you later. What you do is swipe your badge in the slot right in front of the lock and it will open.”
“Thanks, Sean. I appreciate everything. Really, I do.” She scanned her badge and waited for the locker to open.
“No problem. You’re going to do great here. I know it. By the way, you didn’t answer my question.”
“I’m sorry, what question?” She put her purse in the locker and took the white lab coat off the hook. She struggled to get her arm through the sleeve.
Sean helped her. “The masquerade party, do you think you will go?”
“Thanks.” She fixed her collar and stopped when a weird vibe struck her, making her feel uncomfortable. Why was Sean always helping her out? Oh no. Did she give him the wrong impression and now he liked her? She closed the locker door. More than anything, she wanted to crawl inside and tell him to go away. She couldn’t coward down. She turned and faced him. “Probably. Lise won’t let me back out of this one. That’s for sure.”
“If she doesn’t go or she’s too busy you can go with me and some friends.”
She smiled, not wanting to be rude. “Thanks, but I’m sure I’ll go with Lise and …” What was Ryan? Her boyfriend? They were going out so he must be her boyfriend, right? “My friend Ryan, who’s also interning in marketing.”
“That’s cool. We can get a table so we can all sit together.” He shoved his hands in the pockets of his lab coat and rocked on the back of his heels.
“Okay. That sounds like a good idea,” she agreed, unsure of his motives and slightly confused. But she’d worry about it later.
“Ready to get started?”
Natalie nodded. “I sure am.”

***

Natalie motioned for Lise to stop. “That’s good. It looks great.” She pulled away, not allowing Lise to curl any more of her hair.
“I know. I just want Ryan’s mouth to drop when he sees you. By the way, I noticed you haven’t been wearing your glasses.” She twirled a few more strands of Natalie’s hair around her finger, spraying it with more hair spray.
“Yeah, I’ve been wearing my contacts. By the way, thanks for helping me. I know you’re tired from working all week.” Natalie got up and stepped into the bathroom to change her clothes.
“No problem. I think it’s sweet that you’re inviting him over for dinner. Besides, I didn’t mind cooking in your aunt’s gourmet kitchen.”
“It’s awesome, isn’t?”
“It’s a chef’s dream come true.” She yawned. “I think I’ll sleep in tomorrow. Wow, this bed feels great.”
Natalie peeked out the door to see Lise lying back on the big overstuffed bed. “You’re not going out with Sal tonight?”
Lise let out a long drawn out sigh. “Tomorrow. I’m way too tired tonight. Don’t get me wrong, I love my new internship but this event planning is so much work. I can’t believe I put in thirty hours this week. I’m not supposed to work more than twenty hours. Besides, I have homework and reading to catch up on, that’s if I can stay awake to do it.”
Natalie checked herself in the mirror, making sure the underlining of her dress was not stuck in the back of her panties. She didn’t need that embarrassment. “Ryan told me he worked about thirty hours too. I hope they don’t expect you all to continue working that much.”
“I hope not either. After all, school comes first. All I can say is this is going to be one epic party. Kronberg is going all out for this event. We should go shopping Sunday for our costumes.”
“That works for me.” Natalie’s cell phone chimed. She stepped out of the bathroom to get her phone. Lise was still lying on the bed with her eyes closed. She checked the message. “That’s Ryan, he’s on his way.”
Lise opened her eyes and sat up. “Wow! That strapless dress looks great on you. The fire orange color makes you look hotter than hell.” She motioned for Natalie to turn around. “Let me fix your sash.”
“Thanks. Aunt Sharon bought this for me, along with a few other outfits. I guess her way of saying thanks for keeping an eye on her place.”
“What? You didn’t show me what she bought you.”
Natalie shrugged her shoulders. “Sorry, I forgot. They’re in the closet.”
Lise got up to take a peek. “Nat, you are so lucky. You know that?” She stepped out holding a denim romper up to her. “I may have to borrow this.”
“Sure.” Natalie put on her matching earrings and bracelet, also from her aunt. “Hey Lise, Ryan’s on his way.”
“Okay, I’m leaving.” Lise grabbed her purse. “Have fun and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Lise winked and let out a huge smile.
“Lise, you know me better than that.” Natalie shook her head and walked her to the door.
“See you tomorrow.” Lise waved bye as she walked out the door.
Natalie shut the door behind her and dashed into the kitchen. She checked the food, making sure it was still warm. She lit a few candles and turned on some music from her MP3 player. It sounded awesome on her aunt’s state of the art sound system. She did a quick scan, making sure everything looked just right. It didn’t take much in Sharon’s lush condo; from the sleek leather couch to the chic platinum upholstered arm chairs and the glass accent tables decorated to match the Pottery Barn catalog. She rearranged a few of the cushions on the couch and stopped when she heard the doorbell ring.
Her heart raced and she had to slow her steps as she walked to the door. It had been almost a week since she saw him, thanks to the demands of his new internship and summer school. She literally couldn’t wait any longer. She did one last check in the mirror and fixed a stray strand of hair. Lise had her more self-conscious now and she caught herself paying more attention to how she looked. Before opening the door, she checked the small surveillance screen. Leave it to her aunt to have high tech gadgets. Ryan waited outside the door with his hands behind his back, wearing a pressed button down shirt, faded jeans and cowboy boots. So he did remember to wear his jeans and boots.
She opened the door and leaned against it. “Hi handsome.”
“Hi there beautiful.” He pulled out a dozen red roses wrapped in soft pink tissue from behind his back.
“Thank you, they are gorgeous.” She took the bouquet from his hands and raised them to her nose. “They smell wonderful too.”
“You’re welcome,” he said, stepping inside.
She bit down on her lower lip, trying to keep herself under control. It was pointless. She threw her arms around his neck. He embraced her, picking her up off the floor and swinging her around. She clung to him as the room spun around them. Her forehead touched his and their eyes locked. Like magnets, their lips drew together. They shared a deep long kiss that made her heart soar and her body swirl with butterflies.
He stopped spinning her around. Slowly his lips pulled away from hers. “I’ve missed seein’ you.”
She kept her fingers buried in the back of his hair. “You have no idea how much I’ve missed you.”
He lowered her to the ground. The second her feet touched the floor a wave of dizziness hit. She buried her head against his chest and closed her eyes. This habitual nuisance would not ruin her evening with him. She took a silent deep breath and shook it off.
He glided his hands down her bare shoulders, sending chills all over her body. “Are you okay?” He eased back, trying to see her face.
She hugged him tighter. “Yes. I missed being in your arms, that’s all.” She looked up at him, hoping she sounded believable this time.
Ryan’s eyes narrowed and he forced a smile. “Alright, if you say so.”
She shut the door and he followed her into the condo. “Gee, you did all this yourself?” He checked out the place and stopped in front of the table set for two. “I’ve never had anyone do this for me.”
“I did have a little help from Lise.”
“That was nice of her to help you. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. I’ll just put these in some water.” She walked into the kitchen and pulled out a tall chrome vase. She filled it up and arranged the roses.
She placed them on the dark walnut canaletto dining room table. The silver accents along the top drew her eyes to the center of the shiny vase. “Now the table’s perfect.”
“You weren’t kiddin’ when you said the view was awesome. Your aunt’s place is kickin’.” Ryan walked over to the tall pane windows in the living room.
She walked up behind him. “I told you.” The setting sun reflected a warm glow off of Lady Bird Lake into the condo. It set the mood perfectly for a romantic evening.
“So what’s for dinner? It smells wonderful.”
“Pasta. Ravioli, filled with chicken, spinach and feta cheese. Which I need to check on,” she said walking back into the kitchen.
“Sounds delicious.” He followed her and then stopped and picked up her MP3 player. She heard him change the music to a romantic country ballad. He had to be the most romantic guy ever. He walked over to the kitchen and leaned against the black granite bar, right behind her. “Thanks for cooking. I really appreciate it.”
“Sure, no problem.” She stirred the pasta sauce and turned off the heat. She dipped her finger into the sauce.
“Hey, be careful, that looks hot,” he said as she tasted the sauce. He took her hand and examined her finger. “You didn’t burn yourself or your tongue?”
She shook her head. “No.” Then realized what she did wasn’t very smart. Steam swirled up from the pot and the spoon she held in her other hand. She could have burned herself. But she didn’t. Why did her mind turn to mush when she was around Ryan?
“Is it ready?” He placed her finger in his mouth, sucking off the rest of the sauce.
Her body clammed up and the spoon slid out of her hand back in the pot. “Ummm…” The slickness of his tongue and the grip of his lips around her finger made her body quiver and shake.
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” He winked and then kissed the top of her hand.
She smiled, still unable to speak. Why did he insist on teasing her like this?
He kept her hand in his and placed her other hand around his neck. He swung her around and gazed into her eyes. “May I have this dance?”
“Ummm… sure.” Natalie nodded, completely awestruck by the way he was sweeping her off her feet. “I hope I remember how to two-step.” Her feet stumbled as she tried to recall the steps. She had only danced with him that one time at the bar, but it didn’t take long for her to follow his lead. Their bodies synced perfectly together, sliding across the tile floor.
“Well Miss Vega, you do know how to two-step.” He danced with her, around the kitchen island, holding her body close to his.
She followed his every movement, not missing a step. “I guess.” She tilted her head to the side. Her heart beat wildly as they danced around the kitchen and into the dining room. He drove her absolutely crazy.
He spun her around and then dipped her. He held onto her and sang along with the song, “All I can think about is gettin’ you home.” His deep raspy voice sent a tingling sensation that flowed down to her toes. Not only was he a great dancer but a great singer too.
Her body cried out for him and she struggled to fight off the forbidden thoughts and temptations. The emotions from her heart took over and she sang back. “Honey, there sure ain’t nothing like you loving me all night long.”
Ryan’s eyes gleamed in pleasure. “Tonight’s all about giving you what you want.”
She whimpered low in her throat. “You’re killing me.”
“And you’re torturing me.” He pulled her up and swept the strands of hair away from her face. She couldn’t stand the tension any longer and apparently, neither could he. Their lips crashed together. His lips devoured hers and she responded feverishly, swirling her tongue with his. He made her hot and filled her body with fire. Never had she felt like this before. There was something different this time, a desire, an attraction, and a need beyond control.
“Oh my God… your body feels incredible.­­­­­­­­” She glided her hands over every inch of his well-defined body. She couldn’t get enough of him. He trailed sensual kisses from her neck down to her bare shoulders, giving her tingles from head to toe. She buried her face in the nape of his neck. The sweet and spicy smell of his cologne intoxicated her. She wanted him, despite what they vowed not to do.
Ryan slid his hands down her back as he continued to caress her shoulders and her neck with his lips. He gave her butt a gentle squeeze and then spread his hands over the sides of her thighs, running his hands up and down. He whispered in her ear, “Your body’s amazing,” and then trailed his tongue down to her collarbone.
“Oh Ryan…” She whimpered out, running her hands up and down his chest, eager to touch his skin. With one quick sweep she ripped open the pearl snaps from his shirt. She dragged her palms across his hard pecs and up his chest. His skin felt tight and smooth and she wanted to run her tongue up and down him. With little effort he lifted her off the ground, allowing her to wrap her legs around his waist.
They kissed, tongues fused together until they panted for air. He stumbled around the kitchen and dining area, fighting to keep upright with her clinging to his waist. He pinned her against the wall, pressing his body firmly against hers. His kisses scorched her skin and she moaned in pleasure. He took her hands and braced them up above her head. She throbbed from head to toe and could barely breathe. The sensations were amazing and she thought she might explode at any moment.
“You are so hot, baby.” He panted, continuing to dominate her with the flicks of his tongue.
“You have me so…” She nipped at his lip, ready to devour him. Fighting her inner desires was harder than she thought.
“No. I mean, your body is really burning hot. Are you sure you don’t have a fever?” Ryan pulled back slightly, giving her a quick look over.
“What? No. I just want you so bad.” Sweat trickled down the sides of her forehead. She was hot, burning hot. Her insides felt like they were on fire. She ignored the heat, eager to show him how much she wanted him.
“I want you too, baby.” His voice was hot and heavy.
He released her from the wall and held on to her tightly. She cupped her hands around his face and traced her tongue along his luscious lips. He sealed his mouth to hers, kissing her with intense passion. Her fingers ravaged through his hair, unable to get enough of him. He began making his way to the couch with her in his arms when her foot hit the wine decanter. The bottle hit the floor, splashing red wine all over the mahogany wood floor.
“Oh crap.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry.” He relaxed his arms and she lowered to her feet.
“Forget about it.” She guided his mouth back to hers. Never had she been the aggressive one but for some reason she couldn’t control herself. She had to have him.
He kissed her and then pulled back. “I’m sorry, Natalie. I didn’t mean for us to get this far…. I better go.” He straightened his shirt and started to button it.
“No. Please don’t go.” She reached her hand out but he didn’t respond. She covered her face with her hands. She felt terrible for leading him on. The attraction she had for him was beyond containable. Why couldn’t she control herself? She lowered her hands. “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault.”
“No, it’s my fault. I started it. I should have never licked your finger. I… I can’t control myself when I’m around you.” He ran his fingers through his matted hair and paced back and forth.
Her heart ached. Why did wanting him hurt so bad? “I can’t help myself either Ryan. I have no self-control when I’m around you. I can’t wait to talk to you, to see you. I long for you to kiss me, touch me. I’m… ” She swallowed hard. Was this what she thought it was?
He stopped and looked at her. “I know. I feel it too.” He pulled her into his arms and held her close. So close that she felt his heart beating against her chest.
He stared deep in to her eyes. So deep that she swore his soul touched hers. “I’m falling in love with you, Natalie Vega.”
She smiled, tears rolling down her cheeks. “So am I, Ryan Garrett.”

Chapter 7: The Transformation

Ryan heard pounding in the faint distance and pulled a pillow over his head. When he heard the knock again he opened his eyes. He jumped up out of bed when he realized the knock came from his front door.
“Okay, I’m comin’,” he shouted, pulling a shirt over his head and tripping over the covers hanging off the edge of his bed.
He looked out the peep hole and saw Sal, standing outside. He opened the door. “Hey man, what’s up?” He ran his hands through his matted hair.
“Hey dude, I’ve been texting and calling you since last night. I wanted to make sure you were alright.”
“Sorry, I guess my phone died.”
“Can I come in?” Sal took a step forward.
“Yeah.” Ryan opened the door further. “What time is it?” He walked to the kitchen, squinting to see the clock on the microwave.
“It’s noon. Were you still asleep?” Sal shut the door behind him.
Ryan picked up his phone from the bar and plugged it in to the charger. He yawned and shook his head. “Yeah. I guess my body needed sleep from the busy week.”
“Are you sure it wasn’t from last night with Natalie?” Sal took a seat on the couch and leaned forward with his arms hanging over his knees.
“What?” Ryan winced and rubbed his eyes with his hands.
Sal let out a slight smirk and shook his head. “Oh come on, man. You don’t have to lie to me. You didn’t answer your phone all night and you’re just waking up. So much for keeping to your word.”
Ryan walked to the living room and leaned over on the back of a chair. How could he convince Sal that he spoke the truth? “Man, I’m not lying. My phone died. I got home around eleven last night. And yes, I kept my promise.”
“So, if I go and check your room, I won’t find her in there?” Sal narrowed his eyes at him.
Ryan stood up, surprised that Sal didn’t believe him. “No man. Natalie didn’t come home with me.” He pointed toward his bedroom. “Go and check if you like.”
“So, you didn’t spend the night with her and she didn’t come home with you. Nothing happened.” Sal furrowed his brow, apparently not convinced.
“Well, I wouldn’t say nothing happened. In fact, things got really heated and… I almost gave in. This is harder than I thought dude. I don’t know how my parents or your parents did it.”
“I know, it’s not easy.” Sal shook his head.
“I can’t explain it. When it comes to Natalie, I can’t seem to control myself.” Ryan leaned back over the chair and buried his fingers in his hair. Why was this so difficult? He held out this long and never did it with Jen. Why was it harder when it came to Natalie?
“It’s hard with any girl. You know that, but I’m proud of you. You kept to your word and walked away.”
He did feel proud about keeping to his word, but every encounter with Natalie proved to be harder. His attraction for her pulled from deep inside of him. It stirred every emotion and ignited a need that teetered on the edge of uncontrollable recklessness. His love for her spread like a wildfire, consuming him entirely.
Ryan lowered his hands from his face and looked up at Sal. “Thanks for being my accountability partner.”
Sal got up and patted him on the shoulder. “That’s what cousins are for.”
Ryan let out a slight smile, thankful for having Sal not only as his cousin but as a great friend too. They grew up together and were practically brothers. They were there for each other, through good times and bad. Sal supported him when he had his football injury, encouraging him not to give up. He also helped him move on with his life after Jen broke up with him. When Ryan decided he needed a fresh start, Sal urged him to transfer to UT with him. If not for Sal, Ryan didn’t know where he would be today.
For a second, Ryan felt bad that he hadn’t been supporting his cousin in return. Back in high school, they both pledged to wait until marriage to have sex, following in the footsteps of both their parents. Ryan kept to his promise but Sal slipped when he became serious with his high school girlfriend. After they broke up, Sal decided he would refrain until he married. He wanted to try again and do what was right.
“What about you and Lise? She seems a little wild and adventurous if you ask me.”
Sal rolled his eyes. “That’s an understatement. She’s a wild one alright. It’s been a struggle for me too. Since I already know what it feels like, it makes me want to do it again. She’s no virgin either and turning her down is harder for me than it probably is for you turning down Natalie.”
“I don’t know man, it’s been unbearable. I’ve never struggled like this before. Not even with Jen. There is something about Natalie and it’s not all about the sex. It’s the way she smiles, her wittiness, her scent, her baby blue eyes and the way she hides behind her glasses when she’s nervous. I can’t stop thinking about her. ”
“Oh no.” Sal’s head dropped down toward the floor.
“What?” Ryan arched his neck back.
Sal shook his head. “Dude, listen to yourself. It’s all over for you, man.”
Ryan knew exactly what he meant. Although he didn’t mind admitting this to his cousin, he didn’t want his vulnerability to show. When it came to Sal, he usually figured things out on his own before Ryan told him. He was very intuitive and thought things through, kind of like Natalie.
“Don’t worry dude. She’s good for you.” Sal took a handful of shelled peanuts from a bowl on the bar. He cracked one of them and dusted off the fragments from the nut between his thumb and index finger. He popped it in his mouth.
It made Ryan happy to know Sal approved of Natalie. Sal always warned him about Jen, but he never took his advice seriously. “I tell you, she’s like nobody I ever met before. She might be the one. But time will tell.”
Sal cracked another peanut. “I can only hope that I’ll be as lucky as you.”
“So Lise’s isn’t the one?”
“I don’t know. If I can tame the wildness in her, she might be. I really like being with her. She’s so full of life, funny and outgoing, the complete opposite of me.”
Ryan walked over to Sal and put his hand on his shoulder. “Then you have a job to do because it sounds like you really like her. When you’re with her, I see a part of you that I’ve never seen before.”
Sal shrugged his shoulders. “I guess. Yeah, she does make me feel alive. Speaking of, I’m on my way to pick her up. Do you and Natalie want to hang out with us?” He tossed the last peanut in his mouth.
Ryan gave Sal one more pat and lowered his hand. “I can’t. I have a ton of homework to get caught up on. Besides, I told my boss I would go in this afternoon if she needed my help. I need to check my messages and take a shower.”
“I’m sure glad I’m in technology and not in marketing. Kronberg is working you guys too much, especially for an internship.” Sal walked into the kitchen and dusted his hands off over the trashcan.
“Tell me about it. It’s fun and I like it though.”
“Better you than me. I guess I better go. Lise is waiting on me.”
“Alright, give me a ring later.”
Sal opened the door. “I will. See ya.”
Ryan closed the door behind his cousin and then went over to his phone and turned it on. Sure enough, he had a text from his boss asking him to come and work for a few hours. He also had a text from Natalie, asking him to go to lunch and hang out with her, Lise and Sal.
He texted his boss and told her that he would be in by two and then dialed Natalie’s number.
“Hi, I’ve been thinking about you all morning.” Natalie’s voice sounded soothing.
“Hello, beautiful. Sorry, I slept in. I must have been tired.”
“That’s okay. I didn’t get up until ten. I must have been tired too.”
“So are you still at the condo or back at the dorm?”
“I’m back at the dorm, here with Lise. Do you want to hang out today?”
Ryan’s shoulders sank and his energy drained from him. He wanted to be with her more than anything but he had to be responsible and do what he needed to do. “I can’t. My boss asked me to come in for a few hours and I also have a ton of homework and reading to catch up on.”
Natalie let out a sigh. “It’s okay. I understand. I have homework to catch up on too. Maybe we can hang out tomorrow.”
“Yeah, of course. I’m dying to see ya. In fact, I’m imagining holding you in my arms and kissing your tender lips.”
“Ryan, Lise is right here,” Natalie whispered.
“Okay, I know you can’t say anything back.”
“Oh, I almost forgot. Tomorrow, Lise and I are going shopping for our costumes. Do you want to come with us? Sal’s supposed to come too.”
“Yeah, that’s fine. I’ll give you a call later when I get back from work.”
“Okay. Talk to you later.”
“Hey Natalie.”
“Yeah?”
“I love you.”
“I love you too, Ryan.”

***

“Lise, come on. You look great. The limo is probably outside waiting for us.” Natalie turned off the light in the room.
“Hey, turn that back on.”
Natalie flipped the switch back on. “I don’t want to be late.”
“Alright, I’m done.” Lise blinked a few times in the mirror. She walked up to Natalie and fluttered her eyes at her. “What do you think?”
The tiny rhinestone crystals sparkled against her eyelids and the smoky eye shadow. “They are hideous.”
“Ugh. Thanks.” Lise put her hands on her hips.
“I’m kidding. They are really cool. Your eyes are going to really pop from behind that mask.”
Lise held up her feathered gold and black mask to her face and glanced in the mirror. “I think you’re right.”
She lowered the mask and turned around, making sure the fringe on her black see-through hoop swung freely.
“Let me help you with that.” Natalie reached forward and fixed it. “I have to admit, you have an eye for bold fashion.”
She winced slightly. “Do you think it’s too much?” She twirled, allowing Natalie to get the full picture of her short black and gold corset style body suit.
“No. As long as your boss is okay with it.”
“My boss totally loved it. She’s so cool. She may work us like dogs but she sure knows how to reward us. Can you believe she bought this for me?”
“That was nice of her, not to mention the limo ride. Did you know she also paid for Ryan’s tux rental? Which reminds me; I better let him know we are about to leave.” She typed him a text.
“No, I didn’t know that. Too bad the company didn’t offer to pay for all the interns’ outfits for the party. I guess those of us in marketing were lucky.”
“Yes, but you all deserve it. I can’t believe how many hours you and Ryan put in this week.”
“Tell me about it.” Lise rolled her eyes.
Natalie fluffed out her petticoat from underneath the heavy tapestry dress. “I don’t know about this outfit.”
“What? I love the gold ribbon that outlines the emerald green paisleys. I’ve always wanted to wear a full corset dress. I love the nineteenth century era. Can you imagine the balls they use to attend wearing dresses like that?”
“I don’t know if I could get used to all of this. It’s a little much for me. I can barely breathe in this thing.” Natalie took a deep breath and adjusted the restrictive bodice.
“I think you look gorgeous in it. It totally accentuates your boobs. Ryan is going to drool when he sees you.”
Natalie pulled up on the dress, trying to cover her breasts.
“Don’t. Flaunt what God has given you.” Lise pushed Natalie’s hands down.
Natalie stopped fidgeting and exhaled. “Can you hurry? I haven’t seen him all week and he’s waiting for me.”
“Yes ma’am.” Lise saluted her. Lise’s cell phone rang. “That must be the driver.” She turned around to get her phone. “Hello? Yes...okay, we’ll be right down.” Lise hung up the phone. “The limo’s here. Let’s go.”
Natalie and Lise checked themselves in the mirror one last time, grabbed their purses and headed out the door.

***

The sleek black Mercedes pulled up to the nineteenth century grand mansion located a few blocks from the university.
“You know, we could have walked. Then again, I’d be all sweaty by the time we got here wearing this thing.” Natalie pushed down on the skirt of her dress that nearly covered her face.
“We’d be all sweaty even if we had on shorts. It’s still a hundred degrees outside and it’s seven-thirty in the evening for crying out loud. You have to admit, arriving by limo makes you feel important.” Lise checked her lips one more time with her compact mirror.
“I guess.” Natalie peered out of the dark tinted window. “Wow Lise, I’m impressed. Feels like we are in LA for an awards night.”
“Now you know why I’ve been so stressed out. My boss relied on all the interns to pull this off.”
“You guys did an awesome job.”
The passenger side door opened and Natalie and Lise stepped out onto a red carpet that stretched to the curbside. Large LED spotlights crossed each other leading up to the entrance of the mansion. They walked down the plush strip while staged paparazzi snapped shots of them.
“Doesn’t this make you feel like a movie star?” Lise urged Natalie to stop and pose for a picture.
“Kind of.” Unlike Lise, Natalie didn’t care for pictures and showing off. Nevertheless she smiled for the camera.
“We might as well enjoy it. I mean, how many times do you get to dress up like this and look gorgeous?” Lise continued to pose by herself for some additional pictures.
She politely waved off a few guys asking to take her picture while she waited for Lise.
“Are those ice or glass?” Natalie stopped to examine the tall DNA double helix structures located on each side of the walk, right before the grand doors.
“Glass, I believe. If you think the entrance is stunning, wait until you see the ballroom.” Lise pulled Natalie through the double doors.
They walked through the stately entrance past the dining room and library to the grand ballroom. Muscular men painted from head to toe in an antique gold color, posed at the entrance holding candelabrums in their hands.
“Are those guys real?” Natalie whispered.
“Yes, can you believe it? Aren’t their bodies to die for?”
Natalie tried not to stare at their bulging muscles and rippled stomachs. It didn’t take long for her attention to be diverted once she stepped inside the ballroom. The massive room was decorated to replicate the Masquerade Ball from Phantom of the Opera. Fabric in gold lamè and maroon hung throughout the room, giving it a dark mysterious appearance.
“My gosh. Whose idea was it for all of this?” Natalie did a three-sixty, taking in all of her surroundings.
Lise raised her brows. “Our boss, Lynn. Isn’t she creative?”
“I’m speechless.”
“Wait until you see the food. Come on.”
Natalie followed Lise over to the lavish buffet tables that featured a DNA double helix ice sculpture with a huge waterfall behind it.
“This food looks divine.”
“Lise?”
They both turned around at the same time to see a small-framed Asian lady holding her mask to the side of her face.
“Hi Lynn. Everything looks great. Do you need help with anything?”
“Yes, I do. Meet me by the stage in fifteen minutes.” Lynn checked her cell phone and huffed.
“Okay. I’d like to introduce you to my roommate and Ryan’s girlfriend, Natalie.”
“Hi, nice to meet you. You have magnificent creativity.” Natalie shook Lynn’s hand.
“Oh thanks. I really enjoy this part of my job.” Lynn squeezed her hand and smiled.
“I think you might know my aunt, Sharon Warren?”
“Yes, as of matter of fact I do. Too bad she couldn’t make it.” Lynn checked her cell phone again.
“I know. She doesn’t like to miss a good party. I’ll have to tell her about it.”
Lynn made eye contact with her for a brief minute. “Yes, you will. Have fun tonight.” She turned to Lise. “See you in fifteen.” Lynn made it obvious that she didn’t have time to chit-chat with her.
“Thanks, I will.” Natalie smiled and watched as Lynn frantically ran across the room over to the stage.
Natalie looked around for Ryan, but didn’t see him. The room quickly filled with employees all dressed up and showing off their elaborate feathered masks. She took out her phone and decided to text Ryan. She stopped when she heard a familiar voice behind her.
“I’m looking for a beautiful young lady by the name of Miss Natalie Vega. Have you seen her by chance?”
Chills ran up her spine. “That depends.” Natalie turned around, holding her mask up to her face, trying to downplay her excitement.
“Depends on what?”
“If you are the right guy behind that mask.”
He reached up and slowly lifted his gold and green mask. “Heelllooo beautiful.”
She moved her mask to the side. “Hi. I’ve missed you.”
He took her in his arms. “I’ve missed you too.” He drew his lips to hers and the second their lips touched, another wave of dizziness hit her. She squeezed her eyes shut and willed it to go away. Within a few seconds, it subsided.
“You two need to get a room.” Lise scolded.
Natalie quickly pulled back, feeling a flush of heat across her face.
“Hey, don’t encourage them.” Sal walked up and gave Lise a kiss on the cheek. “You look, amazing.” He took a step back, taking in her full outfit.
Lise did a quick pose and held her mask up to her face. “Thanks. So do you. Put your mask on. I want to see what you look like.” She pointed to the mask that hung around his neck.
“Oh come on. I don’t want to put on this stupid mask.” He rolled his eyes.
“Please, for me?” Lise fluttered her eyelashes at him. Her eyes sparkled and Sal’s eyes twinkled with delight. He held the black mask up to his face. It was obvious that Lise had him wrapped around her little finger.
“Are you happy now?” He let out a charming smile.
“Damn, you’re hot.” Lise snapped her teeth at him, then growled and winked.
“Okay, now you two need to get a room.” Natalie turned to Ryan and shook her head. “Hey, there’s Dr. Kronberg and Franz. Do you all want to meet them?” She glanced back at her friends who all nodded.
She led them to the other side of the ballroom. “Excuse me, Dr. Kronberg… Franz.”
The doctor turned around. “Yes. Oh, hello Natalie. You look stunning tonight.”
“Thank you and you look handsome yourself.” Dr. Kronberg wore a traditional tuxedo but no mask. Even if he had worn one, it would have been easy to spot the white haired scientist.
“Thank you dear.”
Franz turned around, chewing on his nails. He gave Natalie a flat smile and barely let out a, “Hello.”
“Hi Franz,” Natalie replied with a cordial smile.
Franz had on a blue velvet tuxedo coat and shiny black pants that looked like something from the 70’s. Springs of red curls stuck out in every direction, covering his blue and black sequined mask on top of his head. His eyes surveyed Natalie and her friends, growing big until the darkness covered the white of his eyes.
“I’d like to introduce both of you to a few of my friends who are also interning at the company. This is Ryan and Lise.” They shook the doctor’s hand. Franz nodded and waved instead of offering to shake their hands. “They are both in the marketing department and this is Sal. He’s interning in the technology department.”
“It’s a real pleasure to meet you both.” Lise gave the doctor a friendly shake and then smiled at Franz.
Sal extended his hand forward. “Nice to meet you, Dr. Kronberg.” He then turned to Franz, “You too.”
“It’s nice to meet all of you. I take it you all are enjoying your internship and learning?” The doctor took his time, making eye contact with each of her friends.
“Excuse me. It was nice to meet all of you, but I have something I need to do.” Franz walked off, not waiting for anyone to respond.
The doctor turned and said, “Okay, see you later Franz.”
Everyone looked at each other, probably thinking the same thing. Franz was a complete freak-a-zoid.
Sal didn’t hesitate to speak up. “Yes. The company has a very impressive technology department. It’s great to be able to work here.”
“I’m glad you like it.” The doctor replied.
Ryan held up his hand and did a quick sweep of the room. “The marketing department spares no expense when it comes to celebrating. It’s amazing what we have been able to do here.”
The doctor nodded and smiled. “Lynn does like to go all out.”
A distinguished man wearing a black and silver mask that perfectly matched his salt and pepper hair strode up to them. “Good evening. Is everyone ready to have a good time tonight?”
Natalie immediately recognized the voice that edged on arrogance. It had to be none other than, Russ Hayle, CEO and President of Kronberg Laboratories. He let out a sneering smile and his blue eyes pierced through his mask and landed directly on her.
“Hello Russ. Yes, I think these interns are ready, to get the party started, shall we say?” The doctor’s eyes darted back and forth between them and Russ.
They all smiled at him and let out a laugh or two. The doctor adjusted his metal frame glasses and cleared his throat a few times. “I’d like for you to meet my newest intern, Natalie Vega.”
Natalie extended her hand confidently and waited for Mr. Hayle to shake hers.
“Nice to meet you Natalie.” He reached out and took her hand in his and shook it.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Hayle.”
“Please, call me Russ.” He placed his other hand on top of her hand. He squeezed with both of his hands, giving her a more than friendly handshake.
“Sure… R--u--ss.” She stumbled on the words, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the way he held on to her hands. When she tried to pull her hand back he only held on to it tighter, not letting go.
“I’ve heard wonderful things about you.” His eyes widened and traveled up and down her body. His gaze lingered on her exposed breasts, sending an eerie chill down her arms, causing every hair to stand on end.
She yanked her hand away. “That’s good to know. I guess I have Dr. Kronberg to thank.” She turned to the doctor, eager to break away from Russ’ unsettling stare.
“Yes. I’ve told him what a great scientist you will be one day. I know a superstar when I see one.”
“Thank you.” She held up her mask in front of her chest, trying to cover it.
“Hi, I’m Ryan, Natalie’s boyfriend and this is Sal and Lise.” He stuck out his hand and gave Russ a manly shake. “We all intern here and were talking about how impressed we are with all the company does to celebrate.”
Natalie breathed a sigh of relief. Ryan had come to her rescue.
“That is good to know.” Russ shook their hands but didn’t show much interest in meeting them.
The lights dimmed and a band started off with a top-forty song. “It looks like the party is underway. Have fun tonight.” He turned to Dr. Kronberg and patted him on the back. “We’ll talk later.”
“You kids have a good time. Natalie, see you Tuesday.” Dr. Kronberg gave a small wave bye.
“See you on Tuesday,” Natalie replied.
“Sorry guys, I’ve got work to do.” Lise turned to Sal. “I’ll be back shortly.”
“That’s why I volunteered to help earlier.” Ryan put his arm around Natalie. “I wanted to be able to enjoy the party.”
“I should have done the same. Oh well.” Lise shrugged her shoulders.
“Hopefully you won’t have to do too much. See you in a bit.” Sal replied watching Lise walk off.
“I got us a table.” Ryan pointed to a table with a reserved sign that faced the dance floor.
“Cool. I’m going to get a drink. Want anything?” Sal took a step in the opposite direction.
“Sure, I’ll take a Coke Zero.” Natalie replied.
Ryan placed his mask inside his coat jacket. “I’ll have the same. Thanks, man.”
“Alright.” Sal trailed off, making his way through the crowded ballroom.
They walked over towards the table when Ryan stopped and motioned with his head. “Look up.”
“Wow! How are they doing that?” Images of fire danced across the ceiling bringing it to life with the beat of the music.
“It’s a laser projecting the images. Cool, right?” His eyes followed the flames, watching it stretch across the ceiling.
“It’s awesome.”
“I suggested it to Lynn.” He smiled and tugged on the lapel of his tuxedo coat.
She held on to his arm, watching the flames dance. “Really? I’m glad she took your suggestion.”
“Me too. Come on, let’s go dance.” Ryan put his arm around her and led her to the dance floor.

***

The fast music turned into a slow ballad and the dance floor thinned out. “I need a break.” Natalie took a few deep breaths, wiping the sweat trickling down her forehead with her hand.
“One more dance?” He pulled her in his arms.
She sighed. “I’m all sweaty.”
“Please?” His stare was imploring and she couldn’t refuse.
“Alright, since it’s a slow dance.” She took another deep breath, trying to slow her heart rate.
He held her close and whispered in her ear. “Thank you.”
His hot breath left goose bumps all long her neckline. She squirmed, adjusting her corset. “I can’t breathe in this dress.”
“Do you need mouth to mouth resuscitation? I can do that ya know.”
She stared into his golden brown eyes. “I don’t know about resuscitation, but I’d love for you to undo this darn corset.”
His eyes widened with delight. “I can definitely do that.” He reached up and brushed her lower lip with his thumb.
She puckered and kissed his thumb slowly and sensuously, forgetting about her struggle to breathe.
He growled low in his throat. “I’m dying to kiss every part of your sexy and voluptuous body.”
“Mmmm, will you please?”
He leaned into her ear and whispered, “I’ll do whatever you want baby.”
His sexy voice awoke every nerve ending. She imagined him kissing every part of her. The thought sent shivers through her entire body. The word control crept into her mind. Before she could push back, Ryan trailed soft, sensuous kisses right below her ear down the nape of her neck. His other hand glided down her back, leaving a stream of sparks that caused her body to pulse with desire. The intensity of the sensation traveled up and down her body creating a hum of energy that buzzed between them. His scent filled the air and she closed her eyes, relishing his alluring aroma of sandalwood and bergamot.
When she opened her eyes her head throbbed and she swayed back. “Oh no, not again.” She held onto Ryan tightly, trying to steady her balance. This time it was more intense. Her head wobbled around like a bobble head doll and the floor moved fast under her feet.
“Are you okay? What’s wrong?” He held onto her, making sure she didn’t fall back.
“Ummm, I don’t know.” A surge of heat rushed to her cheeks and her body turned hot with fever. “I need to sit down.”
He guided her to the table. “Do you want some water?”
“Yeah.” Natalie nodded.
“Is everything okay?” Sean asked when Natalie sat down.
“She got dizzy. Is there any water?” Ryan looked around the table.
“Paul went to the bar to get some for us. Here he comes now, with a waitress right behind him. I’ll find an empty glass.” Sean got up.
“Here’s one.” Katie, one of the interns from the lab, handed Sean a glass. “She doesn’t look so good. Maybe you should take her outside or something.”
Natalie turned to Katie. “I’ll be fine. I think I got overheated wearing this heavy dress.” She picked up a napkin and wiped the sweat from her forehead.
“I need water please.” Sean gave the glass to the waitress, urging her to fill it.
Paul, who also interned in Marketing with Lise and Ryan, looked at them with confusion. “What’s going on? What’s wrong?”
Sean handed the water to Ryan and then turned to Paul. “She got overheated or something.”
“Sip it slowly.” Ryan handed her the glass of ice water.
She took a sip and then held onto the cold glass of water. The coldness felt good against her hot, sweaty hand.
Paul took a seat next to her. “My mom’s a nurse, may I?” He held up his hand.
She nodded. “I think it’s this darn corset. I can’t breathe.”
He placed his hand on her forehead. “My God child, you are burning up. You’re definitely overheated.” Paul sighed, fanning himself. “You’re making me hot just sitting next to you. And I don’t mean hot like that.” He rolled his eyes and loosened the bow tie around his neck.
“I hope not.” Sean narrowed his eyes at Paul.
Natalie wanted to laugh but didn’t have the breath to. It was all crystal clear to her now. Paul and Sean had a thing for one another. How did she miss that? She felt like a complete fool for thinking Sean liked her. At least she didn’t have to worry about that any more.
Ryan pressed his lips together and his eyes narrowed. He leaned closer to her. “You’ve been having these dizzy spells off and on since we met. Have you gone to the doctor?”
“No.” Natalie’s head dropped. This was not like her to avoid a potential serious problem.
He took a deep breath and sighed heavily. “Why not?” Ryan had never gotten mad at her but she knew he wasn’t happy with her.
“I don’t know. Maybe because it hasn’t been consistent. It’s only happened a few times.” Natalie picked up a program lying on the table and fanned herself.
“I think you need to go see your doctor first thing Monday or go to the university health center.” He brushed her hair back away from her face and his voice softened. “Natalie, please don’t ignore your health. What if this is something serious?”
“I know. I promise I’ll call first thing Monday. She closed her eyes and swallowed hard. “Oh no, I feel sick,” she muttered under her breath.
“What’s wrong?” Ryan leaned his ear closer to her.
“I have to go to the bathroom. I think I’m going to throw up.” She eased her way up and grabbed her purse.
“I hope you feel better,” Sean said.
“Let us know if you need anything, Ryan,” Paul added.
“Thanks guys.” Ryan guided Natalie through the crowd to the nearest bathroom. Luckily, a waitress directed them to a single bathroom where she could have some privacy.
He tried to follow her into the bathroom but she turned and said, “Please, I need to be by myself.”
He stepped back hesitantly. “Okay. I’ll be right outside if ya need me.”
She nodded and shut the door. Immediately, she fell down to her knees, shaking and sweating profusely. She burned with fever and couldn’t seem to catch her breath. She wanted to rip the tapestry dress off of her body. She reached up behind her and managed to loosen up the lacing. She took a deep breath and lay face down on the cold marble floor, praying for the nausea to stop.
“Oh my God,” she shrieked when a piercing pain struck her entire body. She curled up into a fetal position. Every part of her hurt and ached to the point it felt like she was dying. She moaned and cried out in desperation for the pain to stop.
“Natalie, are you okay?” Ryan asked through the heavy wood door.
She managed to speak. “Yeah, I’ll be okay. I need to lie here for a while. Please… go away.”
“Are you sure?”
“Go away,” she moaned.
“I’m going to stay right here, in case you need me.”
“No, I’ll be okay.” She cried out, unable to hide the tears of pain.
“Alright, I’ll be back to check on you.”
The pain, like nothing she had ever felt before, penetrated through every muscle and joint in her body. She bit down on her lip to keep from moaning out loud, but the intense pain made it impossible to keep silent.
Heat rose from her feet and traveled up her body to her lungs. Thick and hot, it extinguished all her air until she gasped for her breath. Her body jerked and shook, convulsing out of control. Sweat poured out of her pores in puddles and her eyes burned with fever.
Slowly, she raised her hand up to wipe the mascara and sweat burning her eyes. She blinked a few times, struggling to focus on her hand quivering in front of her face. It glowed red and orange with fire.
“Natalie, are you okay?” Lise tapped on the door.
It took a second for Natalie to comprehend what her eyes were seeing.
“Natalie?” Lise continued to call for her.
“Natalie, can Lise come in and check on you?” Ryan spoke through the door.
She tried to talk but nothing came out. She tried again. “I’m okay,” she croaked.
That was far from the truth. She wasn’t okay. Something was definitely wrong with her.
“Are you sure? Can I come in?” Lise tried to open the door.
When Natalie heard the doorknob turn, she rushed to the door. She couldn’t remember if she locked it. She turned the knob slowly and sighed when it refused to move.
“Damn, that’s hot!” Lise shrieked.
“What? What’s wrong?” Natalie could hear Ryan asking Lise.
Immediately, Natalie let go of the doorknob. She turned and rotated her hand, studying both sides. Had she caused the knob to turn hot? She looked into the mirror. Flames spread underneath her transparent skin, igniting her entire body into a burning inferno.
On my God, I’m on fire! My body’s on freakin’ fire! Her eyes gravitated down, checking out the rest of her body. Her clothes had disappeared along with her shoes. Where had they gone? She ran her hands up and down her body. It felt like her body except her skin had turned into an energy field with a fiery blaze brewing underneath. Her female anatomy resembled that of a Barbie doll; curves and mounds with no other distinct physical features. Even the hair on her head had turned a deep bright red, billowing all around her.
“Natalie, open up,” Ryan demanded, pounding on the door.
The beating grabbed her attention. “Ummmm…everything’s fine.” She tried to clear her throat but her voice crackled like burning embers. She looked back at the heavy brass doorknob, now a few shades lighter orange than before. Her instincts told her to cool it down before Ryan tried to open it. She didn’t want him to burn his hand too.
Grabbing the doorknob with both hands, she watched in awe as water flowed from her hands and surrounded the knob. The original worn dark color resurfaced, telling her the knob had cooled down.
“Oh my God, how did I do that?” she whispered under her breath. She had the ability to contain water within the palms of her hands. How was that possible? Before she could come to terms with what she had done, her entire body transformed into a body of water.
“Natalie, are you sure you’re okay?” Lise sounded worried and scared. “Why won’t she open the door?” She heard Lise ask Ryan.
“I don’t know, but I’m about to break down this damn door.” Ryan jiggled the doorknob.
She didn’t know what to do. Her heart drummed in her ears and it felt like the walls were closing in around her. She turned around in a circle, searching for an escape. There was no window or second door. They couldn’t see her this way. They’d freak out. She had to convince them she was okay so they would leave her alone.
“I’m okay. I just need to be alone. Ryan, I’ll uhhmmm… text you when I’m ready to leave,” she stammered out.
The doorknob stopped turning. “Okay sorry, we’ll leave you alone. I’ll be waiting at the table and take you home whenever you’re ready.”
“You poor thing. Let us know if we can help you,” Lise said.
“Okay, thanks.” Natalie sighed in relief as she heard them leave. She turned back to the mirror, stunned at her pristine blue transformation. Waves of water flowed freely all over her body. She touched her brilliant blue hair. It looked exactly like ocean water from the Caribbean. How was this possible?
Then reality hit and she went into complete hysteria. “Oh my God! Oh my God! What is wrong with me?” She backed away from the mirror until she hit the wall. She slumped down to the floor. What was she going to do?
Her mind lingered on the edge of a full panic attack. I will be okay. Just stay calm. She hugged herself, rocking back and forth trying to soothe the fear within her. Her mind raced with a million thoughts. She closed her eyes and buried her head against her knees. Maybe she was dreaming and this really wasn’t happening. She rocked herself for several minutes, willing the ordeal to end.
She lifted her head and opened her eyes, praying she would wake up in her bed. When she opened her eyes, nothing had changed. She was still a small body of flowing water sitting on the floor in the bathroom at the mansion. Why was this happening? When she raised her hands to cover her face she noticed her composition changing once again.
She watched her arms, legs, and feet turn darker, transforming into a vibrant evergreen color. Her hands shook and her entire body shuttered. How was this possible? She rose to her feet and paced back and forth, telling herself it was her imagination. She held her hands up in front of her, completely awestruck at what she had become. Why was she green? She looked like a toxic waste dump. What was she going to do? How would she get home?
She continued pacing around the bathroom, trying to figure out what to do. She clinched her fist and gritted her teeth. She would get out of there. It took a few seconds for her to calm down. She focused on her breathing, concentrating on the wheezing and rattling sound of the air as it entered her nose and filled her lungs. Inch by inch, the air consumed her to the point it rose up through her throat and moved over her face. Her body became lighter and lighter until she lifted up off the floor.
“What in the world? Help! Somebody help me!” She moved her arms and legs as though struggling to stay afloat in water. After a few seconds she stopped moving, realizing her body hovered just beneath the ceiling. She glanced over at the mirror. She was as clear as the air she breathed. Her nearly invisible body floated effortlessly. How had she turned into a body of air?
This by far had to be the most insane, delirious, and freakish thing she had ever experienced. One thing was for certain, she had to get out of there. She thought hard, analyzing every possible solution. She had to escape without being seen. A thought emerged and she imagined herself flying through the air and out of the mansion. It was possible, right? She repeated the words over and over in her head. I can fly. To her disappointment, it didn’t work. She hadn’t moved an inch.
She sighed; feeling frustrated but determined to get out. The small bathroom made it nearly impossible to move. Once more, she closed her eyes and focused on making her body fly. She felt her body gradually drifting through the air.
Her eyes popped open when she touched the mirror. “Yes! I can do this!”
She reached down and picked up her purse off the counter and inched her way to the door. Before she opened it, she listened carefully, making sure she didn’t hear anyone coming.
Slowly, she cracked the door open and peeked outside. Her eyes narrowed and she took a deep breath, concentrating on what she wanted her body to do. All of sudden something deep inside of her emerged; a forceful, yet instinctive power coming from the pit of her stomach. She darted forward, gliding down the long dark hallway. She had done it. She was flying!
She stopped before the common area, hovering behind a pillar, determining which way to go. The main area and front doors were too risky. Her eyes scoped out a path right next to the library leading out to the veranda. Even though people filled the room, this was her only hope of escaping.
She waited for the right moment and sprang forward, zipping through the room and out a set of double doors into the night. She had escaped and now she was flying! She couldn’t believe she was actually flying like a bird. It had to be the most exhilarating thing she had ever felt before in her life. It was mind-blowing and scary at the same time. She soared through the hot, muggy air and past the Austin skyline. She knew she was born to fly.




Chapter 8: Inevitable

In the faint distance, Natalie heard people chattering. The indistinct voices told her it had to be the television or the radio. She woke gradually, the black behind her eyes lids turning lighter, to the point that she had to squint from the sun’s bright rays.
“Is she okay?” a male voice asked.
“I don’t know. I think she’s breathing,” a female voice replied.
“Hey, wake up.” Natalie felt a nudge on her arm. When she moved, every muscle and joint ached. Sleep and tiredness weighed her down. It felt like her eyes were coated with lead.
“Maybe we should get a cop. She probably partied too hard last night. I mean look at the way she’s dressed,” the female commented.
Partied too hard…what?
“Yeah, you’re probably right. Are you okay?”
Natalie felt someone touch her face and shake her head. Her eyes popped open and instinctively she grabbed the hand in front of her face and twisted it, pulling it away.
“Hey, let go,” the guy yelled. A dog next to her barked several times and he ordered it to stop.
She released the guy’s hand and jumped to her feet. “Leave me alone. What do you want?” Her vision blurred and her eyes burned from the light.
The dog barked a few more times and then sniffed her, licking her foot. The wet, sandpaper stroke from the dog’s tongue caught her attention. Why did she only have one shoe on?
“Hey, take it easy.” The guy backed up, pulling his dog with him.
“Yeah, we’re trying to help you.” The woman got up quickly and took a few steps back.
Natalie looked around for a moment, blinking her eyes rapidly. Where in the world was she?
“Do you need us to call someone for you?” The woman pulled out her cell phone from the band around her arm.
She stared at her for a second. Did she know her? The woman had to be a few years older than her, say early-twenties. She wore a tank top, shorts, and running shoes. Maybe she knew her from the gym.
Natalie took a deep breath and ran her hand across her forehead. She had the most excruciating headache ever. Once her vision stabilized she recognized her surroundings. She was on The Drag, the main strip along the edge of the UT campus, in front of an empty building. How did she end up here?
“Do you need our help or not?” the guy probed one more time.
“Oh, ummm…. I think I’m fine. I fell asleep, that’s all.” She brushed the hair away from her face and noticed her wristlet, dangling from her hand. “I’ve got my phone.” She opened her purse and took it out.
The woman and guy looked at each other. Natalie knew what they were thinking. They probably thought she got drunk at a party and passed out. How embarrassing.
“Okay.” The woman shot her a sardonic look and then slid her phone back into her arm band.
The guy shrugged his shoulders and yanked on the dog’s leash, instructing him to follow. The dog sniffed her foot one more time and then turned to follow his owner and the lady.
“Thanks.” Natalie blurted out, feeling bad for the way she acted. They didn’t bother to acknowledge her gratitude and kept walking down the street.
She checked her phone wondering what time it was. It showed 8:42 a.m. Saturday morning. A list of several missed calls flashed on her screen, all from Ryan and Lise. What would she tell them? She started to dial Ryan’s number, but stopped. She had to figure out what happened before she called him. However, the throbbing in her head made it nearly impossible to think.
A horn sounded and startled her. “Hey there baby? How much?”
She looked up and saw a car passing by with a guy hanging out the window yelling. She turned around, wondering who he was screaming at when she realized it was her. She wanted to run and hide. To make matters worse, a few people walked by her, staring at her and making sly comments under their breath. She had to get off The Drag and out of this dress.
She knew she couldn’t go back to the dorm. Lise would have too many questions for her. The safest place was the condo.
She limped her way down the sidewalk, stopping midway to remove the one shoe she had on. Going barefoot would be easier and her feet ached from wearing the stacked heels. She flagged the next taxi cab passing by and got into the car.
“Where to ma’am?” the driver asked.
“Ummm, 300 Bowie Street.” It took her a minute to remember her aunt’s address. Everything seemed so foggy and faint in her mind. She leaned her head back against the headrest and closed her eyes. Images flashed through her mind, recalling how she changed and transformed. She opened her eyes and looked at her hands. Did all that really happen?
“Rough night? Frat party?” the cab driver asked, looking at her through his rear view mirror.
Natalie crinkled her nose. She didn’t owe him an explanation, but she didn’t want to be rude. “Yeah, I guess you can say that.” She didn’t like to lie or make up stories, even if she didn’t want to tell others her business. In reality she didn’t lie to him. She had a rough night and she did go to a party. Maybe not a frat party but a party nonetheless. How would she explain this to Ryan?
It didn’t take long for her mind to drift back off, recollecting the events that took place inside the bathroom of the mansion. A shudder quickened through her body, recalling the excruciating pain her body went through. It made her feel sick and weary. She didn’t want to think about that right now. She had to figure out how she blacked out and ended up on The Drag.
She smiled when she remembered how exhilarating it felt flying through the air. Flying had to be one of the best things she had ever experienced. Nothing compared to it.
When they passed through downtown Austin, she recalled soaring around the buildings, and zipping by the bright neon lights glowing against the dark night sky. Being nearly invisible had to have been the best part of all. It had allowed her to fly without being seen by anyone.
“We’re here. Spring Condos, right?” The cab driver interrupted her thoughts.
“Oh. Yes, thanks.” Natalie sat up quickly. She looked at the meter and then paid the cab driver.
She walked into the four-hundred and fifty-five feet tower, sliding past the front desk security guard. The newspaper kept his undivided attention, preventing any further embarrassment. Luckily, the lobby was empty and the elevator opened immediately when she hit the button.
She went straight to the guest bedroom and fell back on to the bed. This did happen, I’m not going crazy, or am I? She ran her hand over the intricate ribbon design on her dress. It did happen, otherwise why did she wake up on The Drag, still wearing her clothes from the night before? She would have awakened in her pajamas at the dorm or the condo if nothing had happened.
Her cell phone rang and she flinched. Ryan’s name flashed across the screen. She let out a huge sigh. What would she tell him? She couldn’t avoid him any longer.
She answered the phone. “Hello?”
“Natalie. Thank God you finally answered. What happened? Where are you?”
“I ummm… took a cab to my aunt’s condo.” She picked at the nail polish on her thumb, thinking of the right thing to say.
“I was so worried about you. Why didn’t you let me take you home?”
“I don’t know,” she muttered. She got up and started pacing back and forth, trying to figure out what to tell him. Should she say that she had turned into some type of freak-a-zoid and flew home instead? No, she definitely couldn’t tell him that.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I was leaving. I didn’t want to bother you.”
“Natalie, c’mon. You were sick. Besides, you could have at least told me you were at the condo. I worried about you all night. I didn’t know if something bad happened to you.”
“I know. I’m sorry I didn’t text or call you. When I got to the condo I ran to the bathroom and couldn’t leave. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up next to the toilet.” Natalie pressed her lips together. She couldn’t believe that she lied to him. What choice did she have? He would never believe her.
“You poor thing. I wish you would have let me drive you home. I would’ve taken care of you.” Ryan’s voice turned from upset to soothing and caring.
Natalie sat back down on the bed. “Thanks. I didn’t know if I caught a bug or if being overheated caused me to get so sick. I’m still not feeling that well.” She hated this continual lying but didn’t know what else to say.
“I’m sorry, beautiful. Do you want me to come over and take care of you?”
“No!” She stopped and changed the tone of her voice. “I mean, thanks. I think I’ll sleep the rest of the day.” She swallowed hard and tried to fight off the tears. It broke her heart. She needed Ryan more than anything and wanted to see him. However, she knew seeing him would be dangerous. She couldn’t risk changing in front of him. She had to wait until she knew exactly what had happened to her.
“Okay. Is there anything I can do for ya?”
“Yes, can you let Lise know I’m okay? She’s been texting and calling me too.”
“Of course I will.”
“Thanks. I’ll call you later this evening,” Natalie said in a low voice. It killed her inside to lie and pretend that she didn’t want him to come over.
“Okay. Call me if you need anything.”
“Alright, I will.”
“Promise?”
“Yes, I promise. Ryan…” her lip quivered and the tears welled up in her eyes.
“Yes, beautiful?”
“I love you. I love you more than anything.” Tears streamed down her face and her breaths shortened.
“I love you too, Natalie.”
She hung up the phone, not wanting Ryan to hear her tears turn to sobbing. Her heart ached. This is not what she wanted. She wanted to be with Ryan, her love. Staying in a relationship seemed to be impossible for her. Why was it every time she fell in love with a guy something bad happened? Maybe she wasn’t meant to love anyone. She turned and buried her head into the pillow, weeping and crying, wishing she could wake from this horrible nightmare.

***

A few hours later Natalie woke up, tangled in the sheets and covers. She threw them back, checking herself to make sure she hadn’t changed. She sighed in relief when she saw that she was still normal. However, it didn’t explain what happened to her last night. She had to figure this out. She closed her eyes, thinking back on what happened. She couldn’t concentrate. Fogginess clouded her thoughts, blocking all her memory. Her stomach growled and she realized she needed to eat.
She dragged herself out of bed and went to the kitchen. She opened the fridge and poked around. There wasn’t much food since Sharon had been traveling and she hadn’t bothered to go to the grocery store. Checking the freezer she found a few frozen dinners. She popped a lasagna in the microwave.
She sat down at the bar, waiting for her food to cook, thinking about the night before. Vivid images of what she turned in to flashed through her mind. Not only were they in her mind but also etched deep in to every muscle fiber of her body. She ran her hand up and down her arm, recalling the sensations she felt when her body changed and morphed. Her muscles were sore and her body hurt. It felt like she had worked out for hours.
She clearly recalled turning into a burning inferno with glowing crimson and orange flames. No human could have tolerated the intensity of the heat that had flowed from her head to her toes. How could she?
It shocked her, how she had gone from burning red hot to a cool body of water within seconds. She took a deep breath, filling her lungs with air, remembering how she had become as thin as the air she’d breathed. She shook her head in disbelief. Her ability to fly had been the most amazing thing ever.
She took her food out of the microwave and waited a minute to eat it, allowing it to cool off. She filled a glass with ice cold water and took a few sips. She continued to analyze each and every phase she had transformed into; the heat, the water, the air. They were all clear to her now. However, the vibrant green glowing thing had her stumped.
She ate her food, allowing her mind to recharge. When she finished, she twiddled the fork in her hand, continuing to think. She tapped the fork a few times against the granite countertop and that’s when the idea hit her. Fire, water, air, and earth. The elements of the earth, of course. The green thing she turned into had to be earth. She had changed into the four elements of the earth. Why? How come? She needed to know what caused this and why it happened. Most importantly, would it happen again? She shook her head in dismay when she thought about Ryan. What am I going to do? I can’t tell him about this.
She needed to get out and clear her mind. She thought of the one place that helped her relax and figure things out, the lake. Sure, it’d be risky but the sun would be setting soon. The darkness would prevent her from being seen if she changed. She grabbed Sharon’s car keys and headed out the door.

***

Before she got out of the car she sent Ryan a text message.
I’m feeling better so I went out to get some fresh air.
A few seconds later he responded:
Is everything okay?
She texted back:
Yes. I need to clear my head. I’ll call you when I get back to the condo.
He replied:
Okay
She got out of the car and followed the same path that she and Ryan walked a few weeks back. How she longed for him to be next to her, holding her hand and talking with her. Things had changed so quickly. They had just confessed their love for one another and were barely spending time together to only have this freaky thing happen to her. Would they ever be able to be together again?
She kicked off her shoes and sat down on the shore, gazing out into the blue water. Purple and pink rays stretched across the sky and over the lake, creating a peaceful and heavenly sun set. She closed her eyes and focused in on everything around her. The gentle breeze blew through her hair and the warmth from the setting sun made her body feel cozy against the sand. She listened to the sound of the water, splashing against the rocky shore inviting her in for a swim. For some reason, she couldn’t completely relax or clear her head.
Thoughts of what her grandmother told her kept circling through her mind. That God would send the right guy. She knew Ryan was the right guy for her, perfect in every way. She could taste his lips on hers and smell his scent. His love intoxicated her and she couldn’t imagine not being with him. She had to slow things down until she figured everything out. She wouldn’t take the risk of changing in front of him. If he knew what she had become he may stop loving her. Her heart told her it would be difficult, if not impossible to stop seeing him.
If only this hadn’t happened to her. What if she never changed again? She wouldn’t have to stop seeing Ryan. Slowing things down between them wouldn’t be necessary. However, she knew that was wishful thinking. Her body had changed into something out of this world and it was only a matter of time before it happened again. What if she changed into one of the elements and never changed back to her normal human form? She shuddered at the thought.
She looked up at the sky, watching the colorful hues fade in to the darkness. Why did everything in life have to be so difficult? How would she explain to Ryan that they needed to slow things down and not see each other for a while? She sucked at lying and it went against all her principles. She loved him and didn’t want to hurt him. She refused to break his heart but didn’t know any other way to protect him.
She hugged her legs tightly, wishing this was all a dream. Coming to the lake usually helped. This time she felt more confused than ever. Nothing seemed to help. Sitting on the shoreline, she had the weirdest sensation that Ryan was nearby. His scent filled the air and her body quivered with each breath she took. A nudge deep inside her told her to turn around. She looked behind her and saw Ryan walking toward her.
She smiled. Seeing him brought so much joy. A part of her was also scared and nervous; worried she might change in front of him. Could she hurt him? She had no idea what she was capable of doing. She wanted to run to him and throw herself in his arms. Instead, she waited for him to come to her and she prayed nothing would happen.
“Hello beautiful. I wanted to check on you.” Ryan knelt down at her side.
“I’m okay. I needed to get away, clear my head. How did you know I would be here?”
Ryan winked. “Intuition. When you texted me and said you were going to get some fresh air, I had a feeling you would come here. It’s kind of weird because the closer I got to the water, the more I felt your presence. Like something pulled or guided me over toward you.”
“That is weird.”
“I know, I’m a freak.”
“No, you’re not.” She wanted to tell him that she was the freak and that she smelled his scent and sensed his presence too. She held back. He would probably think she was crazy. For a moment, she contemplated if she should tell him the truth about what happened.
“Honestly Natalie, I missed you so much. I couldn’t wait to see you. You’re not mad at me for coming out here, are ya?” Ryan stroked her arm with his fingers, sending chills all over her body, despite the warm humid air that surrounded her.
“No, I’m not mad at you. I missed you too.” Natalie rose to her knees and glided her hands up and down his arms, forgetting all about the dangers she possessed or the need to take it slow.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there to take care of you last night. It won’t happen again. I promise.” He took her hands and raised them to his lips, kissing her palms.
Her heart sank with every word he spoke. The warmth of his touch comforted her and soothed her aching soul. “Why are you apologizing? I’m the one who left without you.”
“I don’t know. I guess I feel guilty for not taking care of you.”
“Don’t. What’s important is that you are here with me now.” It didn’t take long for the distressing thoughts to return. She didn’t know what to do. Tell him or don’t tell him? She couldn’t stand to be without him. She needed him and had to be with him always. She didn’t want to put him in any danger. She loved him too much.
Ryan pulled her up in his arms and kissed her. His kiss grew more intense, creating a need within her that increased with every stroke of his tongue. He pulled away from her lips and stared into her eyes. “I love you more than you’ll ever know.” His lips lingered on hers and she yearned for more.
“No, I love you more.”
Once again, he took her lips captive and she lost herself in his heady kisses. She ran her hands up and down his back, feeling the contour of his muscles underneath his shirt.
Ryan moaned low in his throat.
With every caress, something overcame her. She felt herself losing control. She paused for a breath. “There’s something about your touch, your smell, the way you make me feel. I don’t know what it is. I get these sensations and feelings all over my body that I can’t explain.” Natalie panted.
“I feel them too beautiful. Something takes a hold of me. It feels so right. I can’t describe how it makes me want you.” His hands glided down her back and over her thighs.
Ryan seized her lips again. This time, causing something deep inside of her to move and turn. This was more than a sexual awakening. All the feelings he stirred up had her so deeply entrenched with his love. She completely forgot about telling him what happened and she ignored the sensations going through her body.
“You are so beautiful, you know that?” He brushed her hair to the side.
She tilted her head and stared deeply into his eyes. “And you are so handsome.”
He laid her back on the soft sand and pressed up against her. The sheer weight of his body felt good and she held on to him tightly. All her emotions collided inside of her; the passion, the romance, and most of all the love. She didn’t want him to stop kissing her.
Ryan pulled back suddenly. “Whhhhaaatttt…what in the world?” His voice quivered and rattled with fear. His hands dropped from her face and he moved away from her.
Natalie opened her eyes. “Ryan, what’s wrong?” She reached out for his hand but he jerked it away.
He stumbled to his feet and then fell back on to the sand. He crawled his way backward, getting as far away from her as possible. “You…ummm…y--our f--ace. Something’s wrong with your face. And y--our ar--ms.” He pointed at her, his hand trembling.
She held up her arms and watched her body materialize into a vibrant green color. “Oh no, it’s happening again!”
The color drained from his face and he gasped for air. “Wh--at? What do you mean it’s happening again?”
“I….ummmm...well, it’s like….” She didn’t know what to say.
He stared at her in disbelief. “What’s happening to you?”


To Be Continued In
Element
Part II


About the Author

CM Doporto

Born and raised in the United States of America in the great state of Texas, CM resides there with her husband and son enjoying life with their extensive family along with their Chihuahua, Mexican Redhead Parrot and several fish.
She is a member of Romance Writers of America, and is associated with the Fantasy, Futuristic and Paranormal Chapter and the Young Adult Special Interest Chapter.
To learn more about her upcoming books, visit www.cmdoporto.com. You can also like CM’s fan page on Facebook and follow her on Twitter and Pinterest.



Kindred

Erica Stevens



Copyright 2012 Erica Stevens
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy.
Ebook Formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


Also from the author
The Captive Series
Captured (Book 1)
Renegade (Book2)
Refugee (Book 3)
Salvation (Book 4)
The Kindred Series
Kindred (Book 1)
Ashes (Book 2)
Kindled (Book 3)
Inferno (Book 4)
Phoenix Rising (Book 5)
The Ravening Series
Ravenous (Book 1)
Taken Over (Book 2)
Reclamation (Book 3)
The Survivor Chronicles
Book 1: The Upheaval
Book 2: The Divide

Dedication
Special thanks to my husband for his endless patience and support,
my parents for raising some amazing children,
my siblings for being those children,
and Leslie Mitchell at G2 Freelance Editing for all her hard work and encouragement.

Table of Contents
Also by the author
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Where to find the author
About the author


PROLOGUE
16 years earlier
"Take them! Mary take them! You have to go!"
Mary stared at the two blond headed children that had just been thrust into her arms. Her son was staring at her with sapphire eyes that were startlingly wise, and more than a little unnerving for a one year old. His small hands curled around his blanket as he watched his mother. The other baby was just as quiet, her eyes a startling violet blue that also appeared excessively knowing for her age. Though Mary had never said anything, the age within the children's eyes had always slightly unnerved her.
Now it terrified her.
"Mary!!" She blinked in startled surprise at the man before her, the man that had just handed her the children, John. He was her husband, but she now realized that she didn't know him at all. That she had never known him. The thought sent a fresh wave of cold dread down her spine. Goose pimples broke out on her flesh; she could barely breathe through the anxiety clutching at her chest.
"Mary, you must get them to safety."
She began to shake as she clung to the children who had yet to make a sound. "Take them?! Take them where?" She had to battle against the tears that were quickly filling her eyes and clogging her throat.
Jessie, the girl's mother, nudged John out of the way as she stepped forward. Her dark blue, almost violet eyes were turbulent, and her unruly golden hair tumbled around her face. "To my mother in Florida, she'll know what to do. She'll keep you safe."
"Safe from what?" Mary hated the hysterical note in her voice, but her body hummed with panic.
"She'll fill you in when you get there," Derek, Jessie's husband, informed her. "You must go Mary." Unlike Jessie and John, Derek was relatively calm. Exceptionally calm considering the fact that he was telling her to take his daughter and flee to Florida. Flee from what, Mary didn't know, but they seemed adamant that she go. "If you stay, you will die. They will die. Now go!"
Mary gaped at him as her heart hammered. "I don't understand," she cried. "I don't understand any of this!"
"I'm sorry for that honey, but you must listen to us. You must get yourself, and the children, to safety," John insisted.
"What about you? Why don't you come with me?" she demanded. She wanted to grab hold of his arm and shake some answers out of him, but the children within her grasp stopped her from doing so.
"We can't, they'll only follow us. We'll meet you later," Jessie informed her, though Mary realized with heart wrenching certainty that Jessie was lying. They would not be meeting her later. In fact, Mary was beginning to realize that she would never see any of them again.
"The police, we must go to the police," she whispered.
"They're useless," Brent said harshly. Mary's gaze shot to the man that had been mute until that moment. Mary didn't know Brent well and he had never seemed to approve of her much for some reason. However, he had been friends with Jessie, Derek, and John for years even though he was a good twenty years older than them. Mary had never understood their strange relationship, but they were extremely close, and often kept her in the dark as they whispered with each other. She had always resented their relationship, and her exclusion from it, but she had kept her bitterness hidden, unwilling to upset or annoy her husband. "If you involve them you will only get them hurt, and yourself killed."
"They're coming." John's body tensed as his lip curled into a sneer. "Go!" He dropped a kiss quickly on her head before shoving her toward the door. "Go now, before it's too late!"
Mary stumbled as he shoved her out the back door to the waiting car. A car that she hadn't started, but was already idling at the ready, and appeared to have bags shoved into the back. "Wait!" Mary froze as Jessie snagged hold of her arm; tears shimmered in her eyes. "Take care of my daughter. Please Mary, I am begging you to keep Cassie alive!"
Mary stared back at the frantic woman she had considered her best friend. She'd never been more wrong about someone; Jessie was alien to her now. Mary managed a small nod but her mouth was dry and her throat clogged. "I will," she vowed.
Jessie released her and took a step back as tears rolled down her cheeks. Mary had no idea what was happening, but their distress spurred her into action. Fleeing down the back stairs, she hastily strapped the children into their car seats and jumped behind the wheel. Her hands were shaking as she shifted the car into reverse and pulled out of the drive as calmly as her thumping heart would allow.
She glanced back at the home she had shared with her husband and his friends. People she now realized she knew nothing about. Nor, she realized with bone shaking certainty, did she know her own son. She glanced at the eerily soundless children in the rearview mirror. The girl was usually fussy in the car seat; she was immobile now and didn't fight against the straps. Her son was usually fast asleep the minute he hit the car, but he was staring at her. With their blond hair, and wide unblinking eyes, Mary was suddenly reminded of the Children of The Corn. A chill ran down her back as she choked on the tears that burned her eyes.
Shrill screams pierced the night. Mary jumped in surprise, her eyes flew back to the house as the sound of splintering wood shattered the air. For a moment she couldn't move as more shouts, and the sounds of an ensuing battle, rent the silent night.
Then, her survival instincts kicked into gear. Shifting into drive, she stomped on the gas. The tires spun on the asphalt and squealed loudly before finally grabbing hold. The smell of burning rubber followed her as she sped down the road toward Florida. It was almost a ten hour drive, but she had a feeling she would make it there in record time.
She never looked back; she knew there was nothing but death behind her. In fact, she was certain that whatever had killed them would be coming for her next. The fact that she had lost her loved ones wasn't nearly as unnerving as the fact that though she squealed through turns, raced through red lights, and people blared their horns at her, the children remained hushed, and knowing.
***
Twelve years later
Sorting through the change in her hand, Cassie hastily picked out the nickels and dimes, and absently shoved aside the pennies. She glanced at the unattainable soda machine before digging into the pocket of her cutoffs once more. All she wanted was a cold drink, was that too much to ask? Apparently it was, as all she pulled out were a few pieces of lint, a gum wrapper, and dirt.
Cassie fought the urge to kick the machine in frustration; it wasn't its fault that the price of soda had gone up fifteen cents. It was the stupid, greedy, owner of the store. Glancing past the machine, she peered into the dingy windows of the Five and Dime. Mr. Lester was watching to make sure she didn't do exactly that. She fought the urge to stick her tongue out at the man, but then she would be banned from the store, and he did have the best selection of baseball cards, candy, and comic books in town.
Glancing regretfully back at the bright red machine, Cassie shoved her change back into her pocket and turned away. She would just have to drink from the water fountain during baseball practice. She scrunched her nose, already dreading the taste of the metallic water fountain.
Grabbing her mitt from the store windowsill, she turned back to the main thoroughfare. She didn't make it one step before she was brought to an abrupt halt by a tall, thin man, with a hawkish nose, and pale gray eyes that studied her. Cassie's hand clenched on her glove as she took a small, instinctive step back. She was not some five year-old who would wander away with a stranger, but she didn't know what the odd man's intentions were.
Glancing briefly over her shoulder she was relieved to find Mr. Lester still watching. Though he liked to squeeze as much money as possible out of the kids, he wouldn't allow anything bad to happen to her. She turned back to the strange man. His eyes were still fixed upon her, but she saw no ill will in his steady gaze. Instead, there was an odd sense of relief in his eyes.
A slender girl stepped beside him and slipped her hand into his. Cassie's tension eased at the sight of the black haired girl who was so trusting of the strange man. The girl studied Cassie from exotically slanted eyes that were as dark and shiny as a gleaming onyx. Those eyes pierced Cassie, pinning her to the spot as they seemed to see straight into Cassie's soul.
A little unnerved by the girl's intense gaze and scrutiny, Cassie turned her attention back to the man. Though he seemed to be in his late thirties, maybe forties, and was old enough to be the girl's father, they looked nothing alike. His hair was a light brown that was going gray at the temples. His eyes were far from dark in color, and unlike the girls smooth olive complexion, he was very fair.
"Are you Cassandra Fairmont?" he inquired, the faint hint of an accent in his tone.
Cassie didn't understand how this man knew who she was, let alone her full name. Her stance shifted as she prepared to bolt into the Five and Dime. "Do I know you?" She was proud of the fact that her voice didn't waver.
"No, but I may have known your parents."
Cassie's heart leapt into her throat, her arm dropped limply to her side. Her fingers eased their grip on her glove to the point that she nearly dropped it. Other than her grandmother, and Chris's mother, Cassie knew no one that had ever met her parents. Though Cassie often asked questions about her parents, her grandmother rarely spoke of them. Once in awhile, she would share stories of Cassie's mother when she was a little girl, and her father, as her grandmother had also known him as a child.
However, Chris's mother never spoke of them; she hated any mention of Cassie's parents, or Chris's father. She used the mere mention of them as an excuse to retreat deeper into her drunken stupor, or to hit the bars in search of a new conquest. It was a fact that had once bothered Chris, but lately he had taken to ignoring his mother as easily as she ignored him.
Now, this strange man was standing before her telling her that he may have known her parents, and quite possibly, Chris's father. It was a lifeline, a level of hope that she had never experienced before. This man, this stranger, could be their one chance to get to know their parents better.
"My parents?" she managed to choke out.
The man's eyes were gentle as he nodded. "Yes, if they were Derek and Jessie Fairmont?"
The man blurred as Cassie's eyes filled with tears. She rarely heard their names spoken, rarely had the chance to acknowledge that they had ever even lived. It was as if everything about them had ceased to exist when they were killed in the car accident. Not just their bodies, but their memories, history, their entire lives had been buried forever.
Now, they were being openly acknowledged, openly conversed about, and it was by someone she didn't even know. Cassie glanced at the slender girl, surprised by the wealth of caring and understanding in her warm onyx eyes. Swallowing heavily, Cassie rapidly blinked back her tears as she tried not to completely fall apart in front of the strange pair.
Taking a deep breath to steady her pounding heart, and raw nerves, she turned back to the man. "Yes," she answered. "Those were my parents."
Relief filled him; his shoulders slumped as he broke into a brilliant grin. The girl squeezed his hand as she did an odd little jump step and beamed happily. "I told you," she said excitedly.
The man shook his head at her, but there was no censure in the gesture as he continued to smile. He thrust his hand out to Cassie. "My name is Luther Long; I've been looking for you for a long time Cassandra."
Cassie stared at his extended hand as confusion swirled through her. Though she sensed no ill will from them, they still scared her a little. Then again, the strange man did claim to know her parents, and best of all, he actually spoke about them. The temptation was more than she could withstand.
Thrusting her hand out, she grasped hold of Luther's warm, well calloused one. His grin broadened as he shook her hand briskly.
In that moment, when their hands joined, her life was irrevocably changed. The course of her destiny forever altered. Over the years that followed, Cassie often wondered if she would have run screaming from him, and the changes that he would bring to her life if she had known.
Though, she eventually came to realize that there was no outrunning destiny. It was very much like the Reaper in that way, and like The Reaper, destiny could be cruel and indiscriminate. Though these were things that Cassie later learned, she was still ill prepared for her life to be forever changed, her innocence to be shattered that day.
Nor was she prepared for the day when he walked into her life four years later, forever altering it, and her, once again.


CHAPTER 1
Cassie ducked low and spun as she threw a rapid roundhouse kick. Her foot connected solidly with the twisted creature, catching it beneath its chin and knocking it back a good five feet. The creature's startled grunt of surprise and pain was music to her ears. The man/monster got caught up on a headstone and flipped backward over top of it. The monster sprawled out on its back in the thick grass with its legs momentarily caught up over top of the headstone. Cassie sprang gracefully to her feet and slipped the stake easily from her belt loop. The creature's eyes turned crimson as his face twisted into an animalistic snarl of fury.
The rage that blasted from him pounded against her but didn't slow Cassie down. She had grown accustomed to the hatred over the past few years. However, she didn't know if she would ever become accustomed to the bloodlust that poured from the monsters in nearly suffocating waves. It was daunting to know that something yearned to rip out her throat and drain the blood, and life, from her.
Though the thought was a little overwhelming, it didn't make her hesitate. There was no room for hesitation here. The smallest distraction could get her, and her friends, killed. No, her entire focus had to be on destroying the creature. She couldn't allow human emotions to slip in here. Here, there could only be the fight.
And the imminent death of someone or something, preferably not her.
Though she had the creature down, she was not fooled into thinking that she had him beat. Bracing herself, she leaned back on her left foot as he threw his hands behind his head and thrust himself elegantly to his feet. Cassie eyed him with amusement; he was so predictable.
With a ferocious growl, he raced across the ground with the grace inherent to his kind. Cassie didn't kick out at him again or throw another punch. She simply ducked low and spun around as he raced past her. Thrusting the stake out, his forward momentum was enough to drive it deep into his chest cavity and pierce his deadened heart. His face contorted as she twisted and pushed the stake deeper.
He fell back, his body convulsing as he clawed at the stake. Though he tried to rip it free, it was more than obvious that the damage had already been done. There was no reversing this death. Cassie waited until he stopped struggling, and his eyes clouded over, before she ripped the stake free. In life, he had only been a year or two older than her, barely a man yet. Though Cassie felt a twinge of regret about killing him, she quickly buried it.
There could be no regret in her life. It would only eat her alive, and she hadn't been the one to originally end his life. She couldn't question the where's and why's of her life. It was simply her duty, her birthright. Though she didn't always enjoy it, and often resented it, she was good at killing, and she helped to keep people safe and protected by doing it. Even if people didn't know that she was helping them.
She turned her attention back to Chris and Melissa. Chris was struggling back to his feet after he had been knocked flat. The vampire they were fighting rushed past Chris, focusing on what he apparently (and wrongly) thought was the weaker female. Melissa grinned back at the creature in amusement, her stance widened as she braced herself for his attack. Her dark eyes twinkled merrily in the moonlight.
In their lives it was just another night in paradise, Cassie thought.
Shaking her head, Cassie moved toward them. Unlike herself, Chris and Melissa relished in the fight, the hunt, and the kill. They both loved what they were, and eagerly embraced their heritage. Then again, Melissa had been raised with the knowledge of what she was and Chris was a teenage boy; anything he could beat up, punch, kick, and maim was fun for him. However, Cassie had been oblivious to what she was until Luther and Melissa had walked into her life at the age of thirteen. She had never learned to relish in the fighting, or the killing.
Well, that was not entirely true. There were times when she loved the thrill of the fight, times when she loved the fact that she was making the world safer one murderous vampire at a time. She did not like the fact that this life had been forced upon her by birth, or that her life expectancy had been drastically lowered by a flip of the cosmic switch. She chafed against the bonds that had confined her to a life she'd never even imagined could exist.
However, she had no choice. She couldn't turn her back on what she was. Innocent people would die if she did. She may hate her role in life, but she couldn't live with herself if people were killed because she wasn't there to protect them. She couldn't live with the fact that Chris or Melissa might be injured, or killed, because she was too selfish and scared to accept her birth right, her destiny.
Destiny, she had learned, was a cold bedfellow. One that left her chilled to the bone, and hollow inside. Destiny had left her vulnerable to the more brutal side of life, and it would likely destroy her before she ever saw her twenty-fifth birthday.
A loud grunt shifted her attention back to the battle Melissa was still waging. Chris had regained his feet, but Melissa was wearing the trademark grin she displayed when she already knew the outcome of a fight. Cassie wiped her hands on her jeans as she joined Chris.
"I don't see how it can be any fun when you already know what's going to happen," he complained.
"Just think about how much fun it will be if she ever foresees a battle she loses," Cassie retorted dryly.
Chris shrugged, shoved a strand of sandy blond hair off his forehead, and shoved his hands in his pockets. "Yeah, that would suck."
Melissa lunged suddenly and shoved the stake forward in a killing blow. With a satisfied grin she ripped her stake free, flipped it in the air, and caught it easily before shoving it into her belt. "I'm never going to lose!" she announced proudly.
Cassie bit back her retort. There was no reason to remind them that that was probably what every Hunter had believed, until the Grim Reaper had called for them far too early.
Cassie wrapped her arms around herself, not understanding the strange melancholy that lately seemed to stick to her like a second skin. She couldn't seem to shake the ominous feelings, and she knew that her funk wasn't a good place to be; becoming worn down by her life would only get her killed sooner.
"Of course not," Chris agreed.
"Yeah," Cassie mumbled absently.
Melissa's onyx eyes focused on Cassie, her pretty face scrunched as she studied her. Cassie prickled under the scrutiny, but she had grown accustomed to Melissa's fixed stares. It was a look Melissa often wore when she was trying to decipher the future paths a person might take. Cassie never asked about her future, she didn't want to know, but she was certain that Melissa had already glimpsed some of it. Although, Melissa never let onto whether it was good or bad, and that was the way Cassie liked it.
Cassie became a little unnerved, as Melissa's gaze lasted longer than normal, and broke the stare first. Shaking her head, Melissa broke into a beautiful grin that showed off her perfect white teeth. "Let's dispose of these guys."
Between the three of them it didn't take much time to drag the bodies into the woods and hide them within the shadowed interior. Cassie didn't worry that the bodies would be discovered. Once dawn broke the bodies would burn away, all evidence of their existence would disappear into a pile of ash. The animals wouldn't come for these bodies either, there was nothing but evil for them here.
"I'm hungry," Melissa announced as she wiped the dirt from her hands.
"Yeah, me too," Chris agreed as he rubbed his flat stomach.
"What else is new?" Cassie inquired.
His handsome face lit up as he threw his arms casually around both their shoulders. "B's and S's," he suggested.
"Ugh you're going to become a giant puddle of grease if you keep eating at that place," Melissa groaned.
Chris shrugged as they began to make their way through the darkened cemetery. "What can I say? I love my grease." He smiled as he pulled them against his side. "I'm a growing boy."
"You're arteries are growing closed!" Melissa retorted.
Chris rolled his eyes and leaned closer to Cassie. "Please rescue me from the vegetarian nazi."
Cassie chuckled and shook her head at him. "You're on your own with this one."
Cassie tried to keep her gaze focused straight ahead, but despite her intention not to, she glanced back to the edge of the dark cemetery and thick woods. Though the forest was calm now, it was from there that the two vampires had emerged tonight. She didn't know why, but for some reason vampires were attracted to the cemetery. She thought it might be because they had never had a proper burial of their own, but she had no way to know what the monsters thought, or why they acted like they did.
She spent far too many of her nights with Chris and Melissa staking out the cemetery, and waiting to see what might pop out of the woods. She also spent far too many nights hanging out around restaurants, and busy places, trying to keep people safe from the monsters that lurked in the night. By reading the papers, and keeping an eye on the news, they were usually able to discern when a vampire was hunting in the area.
When reports of strange disappearances, or wild animal attacks started to surface, they all knew they were going to be in for long nights and weeks, until the things causing all the problems were caught and destroyed. "Wild animal" was often the term used to describe anything that the authorities couldn't fully explain, or understand, in the area. To the three of them, it usually meant vampire, as there were few dangerous feral animals on Cape Cod. Cassie didn't know what the authorities told themselves in order to sleep at night after these attacks, nor did she particularly care.
She sometimes envied them their blissful, deep rooted denial though. She would never experience it again.
A momentary flash of guilt shot through her, shaking her with its ferocity. She was not the one that had killed these monsters first, she reminded herself forcefully. That had been some other monster, not her. The lives of the vampires they hunted had been forfeit long before she and her two partners ever put an actual end to them. If the monsters they had killed tonight hadn't been stopped, they would have caused even more death and destruction. More innocent lives would have been lost; they had done the right thing here. Though she kept telling herself that, it didn't ease the knot of guilt .
Cassie's gaze flitted over the darkened headstones. The night was undisturbed, but she couldn't stop the chill that crept down her spine. No matter how much time she spent in this cemetery, she never grew accustomed to the coldness that enveloped it. Loss and anguish permeated the air; they were lingering remnants from the living that had been left behind to mourn their lost loved ones.
Making their way out of the wrought iron gate, Cassie allowed them to lead her down the street toward B's and S's. The sidewalk was dark; streetlights hadn't been placed this far from the center of town. Cassie glanced toward the woods surrounding them, her eyes narrowed as she studied its darkened recesses. The leaves of the trees were a dazzling green against the dark night. Nothing stirred, not even a field mouse emerged. It seemed that even the animals sensed the gloom in the air.
Arriving at the end of the road, they made a right toward the large rotary marking the center of town. From the giant rotary five roads branched off, leading toward backstreets and residential areas. The first fifty to a hundred feet of each road was packed with stores, restaurants, and bars.
They finally reached the streetlights that lit the sidewalks and roads. A few cars were driving around the rotary, their headlights bounced across the pavement, and music filtered from their open windows. People strolled along the streets, enjoying the places still open at this time of night.
Though it was almost nine, there was still a large crowd gathered around B's and S's. The front of the burger place was vivid against the dark night. An old wooden sign hung from the side of the building, the name Burger's and Shake's was spelled out in bright red lettering. Burger's and Shake's wasn't a very original name, but it was the two things the restaurant did best. It was also the two things that most people stuck to, as the rest of the menu was a little iffy at times. That was the main reason why B's and S's had been designated the teen hang out for the past twenty years, as people over the age of twenty one rarely ate there again.
"What do you guys want?" Chris removed his arms from their shoulders as he eagerly eyed the open order window.
"Strawberry shake and fries," Cassie answered.
"Garden salad, but make sure that it is freshly washed, and no dressing," Melissa told him.
Chris was shaking his head as he wound his way through the crowd gathered around the outdoor picnic tables. It wouldn't be long before the tables were taken in and the outdoor area was closed for the winter. Until then, everyone was enjoying the last bit of good weather that September had to offer.
Cassie and Melissa made their way to one of the few empty tables in the back. Eager greetings followed their every step as people turned toward them. They returned them politely, but neither of them stopped to talk. Cassie barely got her butt on the seat before Marcy Hodgins, the class president, was standing beside her.
"Hey Cassie, I was wondering if you had started planning for the homecoming dance?"
Cassie fought the urge to groan and roll her eyes. She had been on the dance committee since freshman year, but every year it became increasingly difficult to find the time to dedicate to planning the dances. This year she simply didn't feel like doing it at all. She hadn't planned on running for the dance committee again, but earlier this year she had been automatically voted in and appointed the head.
"Homecoming isn't for another two months Marcy," she gently reminded the girl.
Marcy's hands clasped and unclasped before her as Cassie's answer obviously irked her. "Yes, but it will require a theme, decorations, fliers."
Cassie sighed heavily. "Maybe you should just find someone else this year…"
"But you're the best!" Marcy interrupted loudly. "You did a great job last year, and now that we're seniors don't you think we deserve the best memories possible!"
Cassie shot Melissa, 'a just shoot me now,' look. Melissa smiled sweetly in return. "Of course I do Marcy, but I'm really busy this year…"
"I'll get you more help!"
Cassie didn't know if she wanted to scream in frustration, rip her hair out, or throttle the obtuse girl. Instead, she shoved all of her irritation aside, and forced a smile. "I'll work on it Marcy."
"Let me know if you need anything, anything at all."
"I will."
"Also, I do have a few ideas for themes that I would love to run by you. Maybe we can get together after school tomorrow to discuss them."
Cassie's hands clenched as she tried to keep a hold on her patience. Marcy meant well, but sometimes her OCD was enough to drive a saint to murder, and she was far from a saint. She glanced at Melissa again, silently pleading for some sort of reprieve, but it came in the form of Chris as he dumped their food on the table.
"Hey Marcy," he muttered absently, his mind on the food he was rapidly dolling out.
Marcy's pretty face flooded with color as she ducked her head shyly. Cassie lifted an eyebrow as she turned to Melissa who winked back at her. "Well… I uh… I have to go, but I'll talk to you tomorrow, ok Cass?" Marcy stammered out.
"Of course," Cassie replied happily, glad to be free of the girl and amused by her obvious crush on Chris.
Marcy made a hasty retreat back to the table of girls she had been sitting with. Cassie eagerly turned back to Chris who looked as if he was trying to solve the problems of the world as his eyebrows knitted together in concentration. His attention was focused on the shakes as he lifted the lid on one before plopping it down in front of her.
"I think someone has a crush on you," she teased.
"Huh, what?" He glanced up, a handful of fries, her fries, already halfway to his mouth. Before he could eat them all, Cassie surreptitiously slid her plate away while he scanned the dwindling crowd. "Who?"
"Marcy." Chris's frown deepened as he looked toward the girl who was determinedly not looking their way again. "Short, brunette, just speaking to me," Cassie reminded him.
Chris broke out of his food trance as he grinned down at her. "No way, Marcy's to prim and proper, likes the more refined guys."
"Well you are definitely not refined, but she does have a crush on you," Melissa insisted.
"Why, did you see something in my future?" he asked eagerly.
Melissa rolled her eyes as she shook her head. "I'm not your crystal ball Chris."
Striking a pose, he propped his leg on the bench and rested his arm on his knee as he gazed at Marcy. "Very sexy with the mouthful of fries," Cassie teased.
"You know it." He flashed a striking grin as he popped more fries in his mouth and sucked noisily on his shake.
"Don't you think she's a little much?"
His blue eyes twinkled merrily as he shook back his disheveled hair. "I'm a teenage boy Cassandra, there is no such thing as a little much to me. All girls are acceptable."
"Ugh!" Melissa groaned and Cassie threw a fry at him.
He dodged it easily, catching it before it hit the ground and popping it into his mouth. "You're gross," she told him with a laugh.
"But you love me."
She couldn't argue with that. Turning away from him, she focused her attention on her greasy fries, and delicious shake. Cassie glanced across the table; Melissa had a distant look on her face as she poked absently at a cucumber. To any passersby it simply appeared as if Melissa wasn't hungry, but Cassie knew that Melissa's concentration was actually fixed upon something that no one else could see.
This was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either, but one of the premonitions that took Melissa over, and held her hostage until it was done. A chill ran down Cassie's spine, she hated these moments. They always left Melissa drained, and with an old, knowing look in her eyes that went well beyond her seventeen years.
Chris's handful of french-fries was forgotten as he worriedly studied Melissa. Melissa shook her head as she broke free of the claws the premonition hooked into her. Her onyx eyes snapped into focus again. She didn't seem as beat down by this vision as she was by many of the others, but a secretive look remained in her dark eyes.
"Did you see my death?" Chris always asked this when one of these premonitions seized hold of Melissa in his presence.
She smiled at him, and shook back her black hair as she popped a cucumber in her mouth. "Not this time."
Chris shrugged as he ran a hand through his shaggy hair. "Just remember, if you ever do see it, you had better tell me."
"You wouldn't want to know," Cassie and Melissa replied simultaneously.
They grinned at each other across the table. "You owe me a soda," Melissa quipped.
"You don't drink soda."
"You owe me something then."
Melissa chewed on her cucumber before grabbing a tomato. Cassie studied her questioningly, wondering what it was Melissa had seen. The thought of knowing scared her though. Besides, Melissa wouldn't tell them, not unless their lives were on the line. Even then, Cassie wouldn't like to know what Melissa saw, not unless there was a way to stop it.
And most of the time, there wasn't.
It was very rare that Melissa ever saw anything she wanted to, but she had no choice as her "gift" overtook her whenever it wanted.
Although, to be fair, Cassie had to admit she was a little disappointed she hadn't inherited a "gift" like Chris and Melissa had. Apparently, most all members of The Hunter line were gifted in one way or another, but for some reason Cassie had come up short. She definitely wouldn't like the ability to see the future, like Melissa, she wasn't sure she could handle bearing that cross. She wouldn't have minded Chris's talent of being able to read people though, to know what they were feeling, and to know who and what they were, good or bad, upon meeting them. And unlike Melissa, Chris was able to control his ability and keep people blocked out.
However, she supposed any ability would have been better than the nothing she had been given. Well, unless she counted her ability to fight as a gift. She excelled at fighting, was even better than Chris and Melissa, but to her that wasn't a true gift. She didn't care if the people she killed weren't human. It bothered her to kill at all, and it bothered her even more that she was so good at it.
It was a fact that wore at her every day and gradually ate at her spirit. She sometimes thought that was where the growing hole inside of her had come from, and that was the reason she had been feeling less and less like herself lately. Maybe all of the death and murder had started to take away bits of her soul. Whatever it was that was missing, or off in her, she desperately needed to find it, and fix it.
She couldn't keep living like this. She couldn't keep going on without knowing why she was so lost, and why she couldn't shake her gloom. She had to drown out the feverish need for something more that had encompassed her. She'd been living with the emptiness for the last few months, but over the past two weeks it had gotten worse. The hole had become a chasm within her soul, ripping her open, leaving her raw and exposed.
She was greatly afraid that if she didn't mend it soon, it would swallow her whole.
Cassie shoved aside her morose thoughts, sick of them. Sick of herself even. Wallowing in her misery and loneliness wasn't going to ease it.
"Are you going to tell us what you saw?" Chris inquired.
Melissa shook her head as she sat back in her seat and shoved the remains of her salad aside. "Nope, it doesn't involve you so there's no reason for you to know about it."
Chris groaned in disappointment, but his frustration didn't affect his appetite as he took a big bite of his bacon cheeseburger. Grease dropped onto his paper plate but he paid it little mind as his attention focused on Marcy again. "She is cute."
Cassie glanced over at Marcy and tilted her head as she studied the petite brunette. Despite her over exuberance, she was a pretty girl. "Does it matter?"
Chris grinned down at her as he shook back his mop of blond hair. "Not at all."
Cassie couldn't help but laugh at him. She loved the sparkle in his sapphire eyes, and the cocky grin that flashed across his handsome face. She leaned against his leg, relishing in the easy comfort, strength, and reassurance he gave her. He'd been her best friend, her rock, since she was born. Though many people thought they were a couple, or soon would be, there had never been anything other than sibling-like feelings between them.
Chris touched her shoulder briefly before turning his attention back to his cheeseburger, and Marcy. The hair on the back of Cassie's neck suddenly stood up, and a tingle swept down her spine that was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. With sudden certainty she knew that someone was staring at her, watching her. Straightening away from Chris, she frowned as she rapidly scanned the forest, but she saw nothing, and no one, within its dark recesses.
Turning slowly, Cassie was surprised to realize that her throat had gone dry, and her heart was trip hammering with excitement. She didn't know what was causing the strange reaction inside her body, but she couldn't stop it either. She was certain that there was something out there, and that it was waiting for her.
She froze as her gaze latched onto a man standing at the edge of the building closest to the road. He was illuminated by the splash of light pouring out of B's and S's, his features were indiscernible in the shadows that played over him. He stood completely still, his hands shoved into the pockets of his leather jacket. Even though the shadows kept him half hidden, she could see the startling, brilliant, emerald green of his eyes. They seemed to glow in the dark surrounding him.
To Cassie's utter amazement, the world around her suddenly ground to an abrupt halt. Everything around her fell away, the crowd disappeared; Chris and Melissa no longer existed as he became the central point of her world. He was inside of her, flowing through her veins, burning into her extremities, filling her. Though it made no sense to her, and she certainly couldn't explain it, he somehow helped to heal everything that had been hurting, and broken, and wrong within her.
Unknowingly, tears sprang to her eyes. She would be ok; everything would be ok now that he was here. The thought blazed into her mind, seared through her heart, and though it seemed crazy she knew that it was completely right. She didn't understand how he made everything right, but he did. She needed him, the realization slammed into her with the force of a sledge hammer. It was a terrifying thought, confusing and unsettling. However, she knew it was completely true. She knew it with the same certainty that she knew she required air to breathe.
"It's about time," Melissa muttered.
With those three words the world lurched back into frightening focus. The force of it left Cassie stunned and breathless. Her hand trembled as she wiped away the single tear that had unknowingly slid down her cheek. She was completely shaken by the bizarre encounter, unnerved, and yet exhilarated. She tried, but she couldn't break eye contact with the stranger.
Though she had no special gifts, no abilities like Chris and Melissa, she knew instantly that her life would never be the same again. She knew that the presence of this strange man marked a significant change in her life.
Acute panic tore through her.


CHAPTER 2
"Bout time for what?" Chris sucked at his chocolate shake as he lifted a dark blond eyebrow quizzically at Melissa.
"Oh, uh, it's about time to go," Melissa answered absently. She neatly wiped her hands before tossing her napkin aside.
Cassie spun in her seat. She had to get as far away from here, and him, as possible. "Yes it is," she eagerly agreed.
Leaping to her feet, she ignored the surprised looks that both Melissa and Chris shot her. She hastily grabbed her tray and tossed the plates haphazardly onto it. "Hey!" Chris cried as she grabbed his few remaining fries and threw them onto the heap.
"It's late, we have to go." Her voice trembled and to her utter surprise, and horror, so did her hands.
What was the matter with her? She didn't know this man; she didn't know that he meant anything to her. She simply knew that he affected her on a physical level, so why was she acting like a loon? Why was she so certain that he was going to drastically change her life?
She had no way of knowing for sure, but something inside of her, something instinctual and primal was screaming at her that he would, and that was something she wasn't about to allow to happen.
Her life had already been turned upside down once; she couldn't go through it again, she didn't think she was strong enough to survive it a second time. Just four short years ago she had been a perfectly happy thirteen year old girl. Now she was a Hunter, spending far too much time in cemeteries, and killing vampires. Vampires for crying out loud! They were something she had once thought of as a myth, something made up for movies and books in order to entertain people, or scare them.
No, she absolutely did not want her life to change again. She had just gotten it straightened out, just gotten it to the point where she could accept her heritage, even if she didn't like it. She had craved a change, something different, but not this, not this big, and not him.
"Cassie…"
"I'm tired," she interrupted Melissa sharply. "I want to go home."
Melissa's questioning onyx eyes gleamed, but she bit into her lower lip as she refrained from saying anything more. Cassie's heart beat a staccato as she hurried to the trashcan. "My fries," Chris mourned morosely.
"I'll buy you two orders next time!" she shouted, immediately feeling guilty for her cross retort. Chris's eyes widened but he didn't say anything more. Apparently he'd decided that sacrificing his fries was far better than arguing with her further. It was a good decision as she felt half crazed at the moment.
Though Cassie tried to ignore it, she could feel the stranger's eyes burning into her with every step she took. Her hands were shaking; her heart pounded loudly in her ears, and her throat was so dry that she could barely swallow.
She couldn't deal with this, not right now. The strange sensations pounding through her were causing her composure to unravel. Something was going to happen, and he was going to be the cause of it. She didn't know if that something was going to be good or bad though, she couldn't sort through her thoughts, not with all these different emotions rioting through her.
"What put you in a pissy mood all of a sudden?" Chris mumbled.
Cassie shot him a dark look as she started to push him in the opposite direction of the man. She didn't trust herself to look back and see if he was still standing there or not. She was fearful that she would stand, frozen like a deer in the headlights, if she looked at him again. "I just want to go home."
"Well, you're going in the wrong direction!" Chris protested as he tried to twist away from her shoving hands.
Cassie looked helplessly at Melissa, hoping for some assistance, but Melissa wasn't looking at her. In fact, her attention was riveted upon the spot where Cassie had last seen the man. Melissa glanced back at Cassie, her eyes narrowed as she took in Cassie's frantic expression.
Chris was shaking his head in disgust when he pulled away from her. "Women," he muttered. "I'll never understand them."
Cassie helplessly stared after him as he stalked a few feet away, heading in the direction of the man still half hidden in the shadows of the building. Chris turned back to them and tapped his foot impatiently as he folded his arms over his broad chest. "Are you coming or not?" he demanded irritably, obviously still aggravated with her for being so snippy and throwing away his fries.
Cassie glanced pleadingly at Melissa but her attention was still focused on the strange man. Cassie wanted to hide behind her, but she found herself unable to move. She could still feel his heavy gaze, pinning her to the spot where she stood, burning into her soul. Melissa turned back to her; a half smile curved her full mouth.
"Come on Cassie, it's getting late," she said, her voice irritatingly cheerful.
Cassie stared helplessly at her. She desperately wished she could go back in time and insist they'd never come to B's and S's tonight. She wished for many, many things, but none of them were going to come true within the next minute. Even if they did come true, she had the unsettling feeling that he still would have found her. That he still would have walked into her life.
That realization did nothing to ease the knot of anxiety crushing her chest.
No matter how much she didn't care to, she had to face this. Whatever this was. She had never run from anything before and she wasn't about to start now. No, she was not a coward, but she was shaking like a leaf.
Taking a deep breath, she straightened her shoulders, and faked a bravery she didn't feel as she fell into step beside Melissa. Melissa's gaze was steady upon her, but she didn't ask any questions. Chris moved beside them, a dark look in his eyes as he continued to shoot Cassie disgruntled looks. For someone that was so good at reading people, he was being frustratingly insensitive to her emotions right now. Clenching her hands into fists, her nails dug into her palms as they moved toward the corner of the building.
Though she tried to fight it, her gaze was drawn to him like a magnet to metal. He reminded her of a black panther, hiding in the shadows, stalking her as his prey. Like a black hole, she couldn't help but be pulled into his stare, trapped by his gaze. Slowly, just as before, she could feel the hollowness inside her begin to fill and become whole again.
Suddenly she couldn't remember why she'd fought so hard against this unbelievable need she felt to be near him. For some strange reason she was certain he wouldn't deny her, that in fact, he would eagerly accept her into his arms.
There was just enough light coming from the restaurant to silhouette his striking features. He was magnificent, his face all hard lines and sharp angles. His strong jaw and firm mouth were clenched together, a muscle twitched in his cheek as his emerald eyes blazed into hers. His wavy black hair was wind tossed and disheveled as it fell around his chiseled face. The boyishness of his tussled hair added an almost vulnerable air to him. His muscles flexed beneath his jacket and the body hugging t-shirt he wore.
"Hey," Chris greeted the outsider with a nod, his head slightly tilting to the side as he studied the man curiously, apparently trying to get a read on him.
The man nodded back at Chris, but his gaze never left hers. Cassie had to force herself not to reach out and touch him, or run her fingers through his thick hair. Her body was alive with electricity; the urge to touch this man was almost overwhelming.
For a moment she thought he was going to touch her as he shifted again and moved his body within centimeters of hers. Though the two of them didn't make physical contact, she could still feel the warmth of his skin against hers. Instinctively, she knew that to touch him would be the most exquisite thing she would ever experience.
She had never imagined that she would ever feel like this about someone. She had never thought it was possible to be this lost, and found, all at once. He had found her, and he wasn't going to let her go. The certainties of her thoughts were frightening.
"Cassie! Cassie!"
The call of her name was like a bucket of ice water thrown onto her as the strange spell shattered around her. Snapping her head around, her gaze focused on Marcy. For the first time, Cassie was actually thankful for Marcy's obsessive, overeager ways. She needed a reprieve from the stranger in order to gather her wits again, and calm the turbulent beat of her heart.
Marcy thrust a piece of paper at her as she came to an abrupt halt in front of Cassie. Her leaf green eyes were enthusiastic as she grinned, her pretty face aglow in the light coming from the restaurant. "My cell number, call me later so that we can go over some ideas."
Cassie stared at the paper, unable to fully form a coherent response. She managed a brief nod as she shoved it into her pocket. "Hey Marcy," Chris greeted.
Marcy turned five shades of red, a bashful smile spread across her lips as she ducked her head. Chris's grin grew as he folded his arms over his chest and rocked back on his heels. Melissa rolled her eyes as she lightly shoved him sideways. "You can flirt some other time," she muttered so that Marcy couldn't hear.
"Tomorrow," Marcy said before hurrying away.
Cassie glanced briefly back at the man, not surprised to find his gaze still focused on her. She thought she should be unnerved, or even a little frightened by his intense scrutiny but she wasn't. She found herself unable to move for a moment, but Chris tugged her forward, his displeasure with her still apparent. The man quirked a dark eyebrow at her, but other than that he remained completely still.
She allowed herself to be pulled away, not because she wished to leave, or flee from this outsider anymore. No, she allowed herself to be pulled forward simply because she didn't know what else to do. She couldn't stand there gaping at the man like a complete idiot all night.
She shot a quick glance back at him, not surprised to find that he had turned to watch them leave. There was a hungry gleam in his emerald eyes that sent a shiver down her spine. He looked like he would like to devour her, and she would willingly be his next meal.
That fact just confused and flustered her even more. She shouldn't yearn for this, but she did.
***
Cassie slid the window open and leaned on the sill as she met Chris's twinkling gaze. "Why don't you just use the door?"
He shrugged as he heaved himself through the window. As big and muscular as he was, he was surprisingly agile and graceful. It was why he was the star of the football team. Well that, and his enhanced speed and strength gave him an advantage. "The window's more fun."
Cassie shook her head as she closed the window again, leaving it cracked to let the cool September air flow through. Chris moved across the room, plopped down on her bed, and crossed his long legs before him. Resting his elbow on his knee, he snatched the remote up and turned on the TV. Though he flipped idly through the channels, his easy demeanor was belied by the tension she sensed running through him.
She walked over to sit beside him. She didn't have to ask what was wrong; she knew it was his mother again. If he decided to talk about it, he would. If not, they would sit quietly until he was ready to go to sleep on the air mattress tucked under the bed just for him.
"Is your grandma home?" he inquired.
His gaze was focused on the TV, but most of his attention was on her. "No, she went to the church social tonight. There's left over lasagna in the fridge for you if you would like some."
He shrugged and set the remote down when he found the Red Sox game. "Someone took my fries," he muttered.
Cassie couldn't help but grin as she shoved playfully at his arm. "There were only a few left."
"The last ones are always the best."
Laughing, she pushed him again. "Do you want me to heat some lasagna for you?" Though she knew that was exactly what he was trying to guilt her into doing.
"I think you owe me."
Cassie climbed to her feet and shook her head at him. "You're lucky I love you."
He flashed his cocky grin with the easy charm that most girls couldn't resist. "You'd better!"
Cassie was still shaking her head as she made her way downstairs. She may have been born an only child, but she still had an annoying, two week older brother. Finding her way easily through the darkened halls she entered the kitchen. She didn't bother with the switch, she could see almost as well with the lights off as she could with them on. She pulled the door of the fridge open and removed the hefty piece of lasagna her grandmother had set aside for Chris. Un-wrapping it, she tossed it into the microwave and hit the buttons.
Leaning against the sink, she stared out at the dark night, her mind not on the street before her, but on the strange man from earlier. She had done nothing but think about him since arriving home. He preoccupied her every thought and she couldn't rid her skin of the strange electricity he had created in her.
Instinctively she knew that if she could just see him again, just touch him, than things would be better. The thought filled her with excitement, but also with a level of apprehension that she couldn't shake. It made no sense to feel this intense of a connection with someone she didn't even know.
She hated to see Chris so lost, and angry with his mother, but she was secretly grateful for the, distraction his company offered her from her strange thoughts and emotions. Now that she was alone again though, the stranger was back on her mind. She was truly afraid that she would never feel normal again until she touched him.
If she saw him again. The thought of never seeing him again sent her heart racing in fear.
Cassie shook her head as she tried to rid herself of her irrational thoughts. She was acting crazy, she was feeling crazy. Maybe everything that had happened to her over the past four years had finally caused her to lose her mind. 'How many people could actually know of the existence of vampire's, and fight them, and not go a little crazy?' she wondered absently.
Not many.
Movement in the shadows outside the kitchen windows caught her attention, drawing her gaze back to the street. The shadows shifted again before settling down once more. Cassie turned her attention to the copse of trees at the edge of the yard. The sudden beep of the microwave caused her to jump and spun her toward the machine. She shook her head, aggravated with herself for allowing someone to affect her this much. She didn't know him, what she felt for him couldn't be real, and he shouldn't be affecting her this way. Hell, she didn't even know his name.
Grabbing the lasagna from the microwave, she cast another glance out the window. Nothing moved amongst the shadows, but Chris's mom had come onto her porch. She held a beer bottle in one hand, a cigarette in the other, as she stared into space. A man emerged behind her and wrapped his arm around her waist. Cassie had never seen him before, but then, she rarely saw any of Mary's men twice in a row.
The man's presence explained why Chris was here tonight.
Shaking her head, she hurried back upstairs, eager to get the food to Chris. She swung into her room, not at all surprised to find the air mattress already set up. "Thanks," he muttered as he took the plate from her.
Cassie nodded and plopped herself onto the bed beside him. This was going to be one of the nights that Chris didn't like to speak; one of the nights when he had no words to convey his unhappiness. That was just fine by her, she wasn't much in the mood for talking either, but there was one thing that she had to know.
"Chris?"
"Hmm," he murmured around a mouthful of lasagna.
Swallowing nervously, Cassie's hands knotted in her lap. "Do you remember that man from earlier?" When he shot her a confused look, she elaborated. "The one standing next to B's and S's?"
He nodded as he took another large bite of lasagna. "What about him?" he inquired when he swallowed.
"Did you um, well did you feel anything from him?" she hedged.
Chris's eyes narrowed on her. She never asked questions about what he or Melissa knew, but this time she couldn't stop herself from asking. She had to know why she couldn't get the strange guy out of her thoughts, and Chris might be able to help her with that. "No, not really," he answered haltingly. "Why?"
She turned her attention back to the game, hoping that Chris wouldn't notice or pick up on the anxiety and excitement wracking her. "I was just wondering, haven't seen him around before."
It was not a lie, she tried to reassure herself, but she didn't think Chris bought it. Fortunately, he knew her well enough to know not to push her. Without Chris in her life, she had no idea what would have become of her. He kept her sane in a world of madness and confusion.
She dropped her head comfortingly on his shoulder. For the first time all night, she finally began to feel normal again.


CHAPTER 3
Cassie slid her sunglasses onto the top of her head; she surveyed the crowded school parking lot as she stepped away from Chris's beat up Mustang. Though the car looked like junk now, Chris planned to restore it to its former nineteen sixty four glory. Cassie had no doubt that he could do it, the only thing she doubted was that he would ever have the time to devote to it. Just as he hadn't had time for his real job once school started again. Not with hunting vampires, thrown in with school work and football practice.
Melissa slid out of the car beside her; her black hair was pulled into a sleek French braid that hung almost to her waist. "Freaking death trap," she muttered.
"I heard that!" Chris shouted from inside the car as he fiddled with his updated stereo system. Disturbed blasted loudly from the large speakers stuffed in the trunk moments before Chris popped his head above the roof. "I'll have you know that this car is a classic."
"More like an antique," Melissa informed him.
He dropped his hands on the roof as he leaned forward. "And one day it's going to be awesome."
"Well, until that day, it is a death trap," Melissa retorted.
Chris made a face at her before ducking back inside the car and turning the music up louder. Cassie grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder. Cars were lined up and down the senior parking lot, music blaring from most of them as the students each tried to outdo the stereo of the others around them.
Students milled about everywhere, calling greetings to their friends as they moved through the cramped spaces. Some juniors had strolled over from the lot below, but most stayed by their own cars. Cassie usually enjoyed the noise and confusion of the mornings, it helped to wake her up but today she found herself wishing that everyone would keep their music at a normal level, and their voices pitched below screaming. She'd gotten little sleep, and the dull throbbing in her temples was a constant reminder of that fact.
"I'm going in," she muttered to Melissa.
Melissa frowned at her. "Are you ok?"
Cassie frowned as she nodded and pulled her glasses back over her tired, aching eyes. "I didn't sleep well, and that sun is awfully bright."
"It tends to be."
Cassie didn't have the energy to come up with a witty reply as she tightened her grip on the straps of her bag and made her way into the crowd. People called out loud greetings to her that she returned with a forced smile and a cheery demeanor she didn't really feel. Her skin was still oddly electrified to the point that she wanted to rip it off, her mind still focused upon one ever present thought. Him.
Swiftly climbing the steps, she was grateful when she stepped into the cool interior of the dimly lit foyer. The shade was a relief to her skin and eyes after the hot sun. On days when she was run down, the sun was oddly draining to her. It stung her eyes more, and made her skin itch. It was easier to just avoid sunlight when she was overtired.
A sophomore boy held the door open for her, and made a grand, sweeping gesture that brought the first true smile to her lips. With few students in the halls, it was far easier to move as she gathered her things from her locker and strolled to homeroom.
***
Devon stood within the shadows, leaning against the cool wall as he watched her move down the hall. Her head was bent forward; her golden hair cascaded in thick waves to the small of her back. Though he couldn't see her face, the utter perfection of her beautiful, delicate features had been burned into his memory last night. Cassie, he recalled the small girl from last night calling her by that name.
He stepped away from the wall as she disappeared into one of the near empty classrooms. He didn't know what he was doing here, he had never stepped foot into a high school before, nor had he ever planned to do so, until today. For some reason though, he found himself standing amongst the stark, foreign halls.
Well, he knew the reason, and it was her.
Ever since he had first laid eyes on her, first smelled her, he had been inexplicably drawn to her. He'd just been passing through town, heading for the woods in search of food, when he'd caught her scent. The blood flowing through her veins was strong, its fragrance deliciously alluring. It had reeled him in like a fish on a hook, snagging hold of him and refusing to let go.
Though he hadn't fed off a human in over a hundred years, he'd been unable to resist her interesting appeal. He was so intrigued by her that he hadn't been able to roam far from her since he'd first seen her. Somehow, strangely, she was a shining light against the darkness residing in him, and he had to get closer to her. Though he hadn't intended to follow her to school, he had to see her again in order to try and figure out this strange hold she had over him.
There was a wealth of sadness in her, an aura of innocence and integrity that called out to him. It touched something in him, sparked to life something that he'd thought cold and dead centuries ago. She touched something that he hadn't even known he possessed anymore. It had taken him awhile to name the strange emotion building inside him. It shook him when he finally recognized it as hope.
He hadn't felt like this since Annabelle. Had not felt this pull and… obsession? Yes, it was definitely obsession he felt for this girl, but it was different from what he'd felt for Annabelle. This felt good, it felt right. This girl affected him in such a different way than Annabelle had. At one time, long ago, he simply had to have Annabelle, had to possess her, had to break her, but this girl…
For reasons he couldn't explain, he felt the need to protect Cassie. Seeing her made him feel alive again, almost like a normal human being. He didn't understand her hold over him, but he couldn't fight the sensations pulling at him. No, this girl was completely different than Annabelle. With Annabelle it had been a game, one that had changed him forever.
Last night, when this girl had turned to look at him, his heart had leapt in his chest, or at least it had felt like it for a moment. He hadn't thought of his beating heart or the lack thereof in centuries. However, he swore he could hear it beating now, could almost feel it pulsing blood through his deadened veins once more.
This girl was beautiful, spectacular, perfect, but it wasn't her looks that captivated him. It was the splendor of her wounded but still vibrant spirit. Though she radiated loss and loneliness, he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her. He knew with absolute certainty that she could ease the aching loneliness that had eaten at his soul for centuries. That had nearly destroyed him time and time again. After all of his time on earth, he had never expected to be shocked or thrown off balance again.
He'd been wrong.
He was completely thrown off balance now. He was unsettled and enchanted by this girl, a teenage girl no less.
He watched as the halls began to fill up, and the chatter and laughter grew louder as students milled about. Lockers opened and slammed as they prepared for the day. He found himself oddly captivated by the simplicity of their lives, amazed by the easy flow of their days. It was something that he'd never witnessed as he tended to stay away from humans, and the allure of their warm blood, and pumping hearts.
Though he had control over his baser, more murderous instincts, he felt it best to avoid temptation as much as possible. Even after all of these years, he could still clearly recall the taste of their warm blood, the thrill of the hunt, and the surge of power that their deaths had brought him. However, no matter how much of a temptation their blood was, he'd been drawn here by her, and he was loath to leave her now.
Slipping from the shadows, he ignored the startled looks his sudden emergence caused the students closest to him. He sensed the surprise, curiosity, and lust that followed his movements. He was focused upon his goal as he made his way toward the offices he'd seen at the front of the building.
If he was going to stay close to her, and get to know her better, than there was only one thing he could do. He struggled to tune out the fluttering beat of the hearts surrounding him as he took in the people that he would be spending the rest of the day with.


CHAPTER 4
Cassie idly played with the pages of her notebook as the principal droned on with the daily announcements. She honestly didn't know if she was going to make it through this day. She was wound tight as a spring and about ready to break. Closing her eyes, she folded her arms and dropped her head on the desk as she stifled a yawn. Chris shot her a questioning look, but she ignored it as she allowed her eyes to drift shut.
The morning announcements finally came to an end and attendance began. Cassie shot her hand up, not bothering to lift her head when her name was called. Chatter started up the minute that attendance was over. Homework was discussed; plans for the weekend were made in the few minutes left before the day started.
"You ok?"
Cassie opened her eyes, her lids felt like lead as she met Chris's worried gaze. "Just a little tired," she assured him.
The class suddenly became still as a strange hush settled over everyone. Cassie frowned at the startled look that came over Chris's face. He froze where he was, his hand upon her desk and his eyes riveted on something at the front of the class.
A feeling of foreboding stole through her. The strange tingling sensation once again raced down her spine. Her already frayed nerve endings leapt to blazing life, as they seemed to sizzle and crack with electricity. She remained frozen, unable to lift her head to see what had everyone so riveted; she was certain she already knew, she just wasn't certain how she was going to deal with it.
Swallowing heavily, she fought to rid herself of the gigantic lump in her throat. Taking a deep breath, she gathered all of her courage, and whatever strength she had left and slowly lifted her head, her eyes immediately making contact with his. Her heart fluttered like a bird trapped in a cage, his powerful body seemed so out of place in the classroom.
Her classroom!
It took her a moment to truly comprehend that he was really there, that she hadn't fallen asleep and was dreaming about him. She had to be awake though, for she could never dream anything so amazing, or so frightening. She also never would have dreamed that he was a high school student. He seemed far older than her, or any of her other classmates. He exuded a raw power and confidence that none of them possessed. Yet he was standing there as if he truly belonged; standing there as if he didn't look as out of place as a platypus would.
Even Mrs. Mann looked slightly flabbergasted as he spoke quietly with her, then handed her a slip of paper allowing him to join the class. Cassie stared at the slip of paper as she wrestled to get her mind focused on something other than her crazy physical reaction to his presence, in her otherwise calm and normal day.
He turned away from Mrs. Mann, and his intense emerald eyes instantly latched onto hers. Cassie inhaled sharply, tears once again flooded her eyes as a sense of peace and rightness stole through her. His gaze never left hers as Mrs. Mann cleared her throat to get everyone's attention. Everyone's interest was already focused upon the outsider in their midst though. Few new students ever moved to their small town, let alone one that was as fascinating, and magnificent, as he was. He would be the center of attention for the rest of the year.
"Class, I would like to introduce you to Devon Knight."
Something flickered in his eyes; a small smile curved his full mouth as he finally turned his gaze to the rest of the students. With the connection broken, a crushing sense of being trapped descended upon her. She couldn't be stuck here with him; she couldn't be forced into a destiny that she didn't want. Not again.
And she did not want this, whatever this was, she told herself fiercely. Even though she secretly suspected that she did.
"You are lucky Devon; we have plenty of people in this class who would be more than happy to show you around." Cassie slid further down in her desk as Mrs. Mann's gaze scanned the classroom. "Melissa, would you be willing to show Devon around?"
Relief and disappointment crashed through Cassie in turbulent waves that left her shaken and unsettled. Melissa stiffened in front of Cassie. "Of course," she replied pleasantly.
The bell rang, but nobody leapt to their feet as they all remained focused on the new guy. "Have a good day everyone," Mrs. Mann announced loudly.
The trance seemed to shatter as everyone moved into action. Melissa turned to Cassie, a strange gleam in her onyx eyes. "Would you like to join us?"
Cassie opened her mouth to answer, but no words would come out. She shook her head, and knocked back her chair as she lurched to her feet. Both Chris and Melissa studied her in surprise as she scooped up her bag, and flung it over her shoulder. "Cassie…"
"I have to go, I'll see you later," she interrupted abruptly.
Her gaze darted back to the front of the class, where he was standing patiently, his eyes still focused on her. Cassie bent her head, scared to look at him in case she got sucked in by him again. If she did, she knew she would never escape. Keeping her head down, she joined the crush of students pushing into the crowded hallway.
She barely acknowledged the greetings she received as she hurried down the hall. Pushing her way into the bathroom she ignored the girls huddled by the window smoking cigarettes. They didn't acknowledge her presence either. Turning the faucet on, Cassie eagerly splashed her face with cold water.
She would not cry, she could not cry. If she did she knew she would never stop. Turning the water off, she placed her hands on the edge of the sink and gasped in air as she struggled to keep control of her wildly swaying emotions. She wanted to sob over the events that kept throwing her life into a tailspin and for the joy and electricity that still sizzled through her. She wanted it to end and for him to go away so that she could feel normal again.
"Are you ok?"
She glanced up at one of the girls who'd been smoking, but was now hovering by her elbow. Worry marred the girl's delicate forehead, her hazel eyes were flecked with streaks of gold as well as concern for someone she didn't know. "I'm fine," Cassie answered shakily.
The girl gave her a worried frown as she handed her a wad of paper towels. "Are you sure?"
Cassie's hands shook as she took the towels and voiced her thanks. She was ashamed to realize that she didn't know her name. "Yes. I'm Cassie."
"I know." The girl's short brown hair, streaked with shades of green, bobbed around her shoulders as she smiled. "Danielle, but my friends call me Dani."
Smiling tremulously, Cassie's hands clenched briefly around the crumpled towels. "Pleasure to meet you Dani, thank you."
A small smile flitted across the girl's pretty face before she retreated back to her hazy corner. Drying her face, Cassie glanced only briefly at her reflection. She already knew that she was a mess, but her frantic, bloodshot eyes were a bit of a surprise. She looked half crazed, and it was not a good look on her. There was nothing she could do about her eyes though, she had no eye drops, and she wasn't even sure they would help right now. At this point, she didn't think anything could help.
Taking a deep breath, she retrieved the backpack she had hastily dumped on the floor. The hall was almost deserted when she poked her head out of the bathroom. She was still shaky and distraught, but at least she didn't feel like she was on the brink of a meltdown anymore. Making her way down the hall, she slipped into her history class. People shot her questioning looks as she made her way to her desk, but thankfully no one stopped her.
Sitting at her desk, Cassie dropped her head in her hands. She forced herself to remain seated and not get up and leave class, and school. Though it was a tempting thought, she knew she couldn't run forever, apparently he was going to be in her life from now on or at least in her school. She would have to find another way to deal with the situation other than running.
She felt that avoidance would be best.
***
Devon searched the cafeteria as he made his way through the thick crowd with Melissa leading the way. "No matter what, bring your own lunch on Thursdays, the spaghetti is awful," she told him in between the vast amount of "hello's" she received, and returned.
He turned his attention back to her as she stopped before him and her dark eyes searched his face. She was a nice enough girl, but the intense way she studied him was more than a little unsettling. He had the strange feeling that she saw more of him than he would like her to. Her head tilted, her exotically slanted eyes narrowed as a small smile flitted over her full mouth.
"Thanks for the warning."
She grinned as she shrugged a dainty shoulder, and made her way back through the crowd. "The seniors sit in the back of the cafeteria when it's too crappy to sit outside."
Devon barely paid attention to her as his eyes returned to the mob of students. He could sense her somewhere amongst the crowd; he could smell her marvelous aroma. He hadn't seen Cassie since this morning, when she had fled the classroom in an obvious panic. It wasn't the reaction he'd hoped for from her, but at least he knew that she was feeling something too. He just wasn't sure what.
The crowd suddenly opened to reveal her. She was sitting at a table, an apple held casually in her hand as she stared up at the boy standing at her side. The boy was tall and muscular, his brown hair curled at the collar of his shirt, he leaned forward to rest his hands on the table. She shook her head at him and placed the apple down. Devon didn't like the aggravation that he sensed from her; it was more than apparent that she was annoyed by the boy.
"Who is that with your friend?" Devon inquired, trying to sound as casual as possible.
Melissa glanced toward the table. "Mark Young. He's been chasing Cassie since middle school; unfortunately he doesn't take a hint."
Devon folded his arms over his chest as Cassie shook her head at Mark. He already had enough competition in the form of Cassie's boyfriend for her attention; he didn't require anymore. "And her boyfriend doesn't do anything about it?" Though he tried, he was unable to keep the aggravation from his voice.
Melissa frowned at him as her dark eyebrows drew together over her petite nose. "Cassie doesn't have a boyfriend."
Devon's gaze returned to the table as the tall blond he'd seen her with last night appeared. He nodded briefly to Mark before sliding into the seat next to Cassie. Leaning toward her, he grabbed a handful of fries from her plate. Devon would have sworn the two of them were together. Hell, the boy had crawled through her bedroom window last night, and he hadn't come back out.
A surprising jolt of anger and jealousy twisted his gut. He had never experienced jealousy before. It was an emotion that until now, had been utterly foreign to him. For most of his existence he'd always taken whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it. He didn't like the feeling of helplessness that filled him, and anger was an emotion that he couldn't allow himself to experience. Anger made him unstable, and for him, instability could be lethal for those around him.
Devon took a deep breath as he tried to steady the pendulum of emotions that swung through him. He was beginning to realize that this was a giant mistake. He never should have come here; he shouldn't have placed himself in closer proximity to her. She helped to fill the void in his soul, but she also served to unhinge all of the grueling work he'd done to keep himself under firm restraint.
He couldn't allow that to happen, he couldn't risk losing control of himself and hurting someone, possibly even her. He would rather destroy himself than see her harmed in anyway, least of all by his own hand.
Though he knew that he should leave, he couldn't bring himself to move. He was completely captivated by her as a cheeky grin spread over her full lips and she shoved playfully against the blond sitting beside her. Their ease and obvious affection for each other made it difficult to believe they weren't together.
"Then who is that boy beside her?" His voice was tense as he grated the words through clenched teeth.
Melissa glanced toward the table; a lively smile lit her exotic face. "Oh, that's just Chris." He glanced at her in confusion. "They've been friends since they were born, more like siblings actually."
A startling sense of relief flooded him as he glanced back at the table. Their blond heads were bent close together as they talked. Mark, completely forgotten, shook his head and turned away. "Come on, let's get you some lunch."
He glanced back at Melissa, not surprised to see her shrewd eyes on him. He shook his head, not at all interested in the mounds of human food. There was only thing he hungered to taste in this cafeteria. "I'm not hungry."
She nodded and led him over to the table. Chris looked up at him first, his sapphire colored eyes widened as he stopped speaking. Cassie's shoulders stiffened, her back straightened as she seemed to brace herself. Very deliberately, she turned toward him and her eyes clashed with his.
The full force of her gaze rattled him, shaking him to the very marrow of his bones as he once again felt an odd little skip in the deadened area of his heart. She had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen. They were a pristine azure blue with flecks of pure, deep purple speckled throughout. In all of his many years, he'd never seen eyes like hers.
"Cassie, Chris, this is Devon."
"We were in homeroom too Melissa," Chris reminded her. "Nice to meet you."
Devon had to force himself to tear his gaze away from Cassie as Chris thrust his hand out. He took hold of it, noting the thick calluses on Chris's palm as they shook firmly. Chris's eyes darkened subtly, his hand tightened around Devon's as his gaze became piercing. His face hardened and the smile slipped away. Melissa took a small step forward as she grasped Chris's shoulder.
Chris shook his head; his eyes flitted away from Devon to Melissa. Pulling his hand away from Devon's, Chris turned toward Cassie with a slight crease between his brows. Devon stared at them in bewildered confusion, unable to understand what had just happened. For a moment, he could have sworn that Chris had looked inside him, seen something there, and apparently didn't like what he saw.
Chris slid back in his seat, still frowning as he stared at his tray of food. Devon shook his crazy thoughts off, he didn't care what Chris thought of him. She was the only one that mattered. Cassie was still staring at him, her head tilted to the side as she watched him with wary eyes. She didn't extend a hand, didn't move as he slid into the seat across from her.
Well, he thought wryly, at least she wasn't bolting like a rabbit again. Melissa dropped her lunch on the table; she dug into her cotton bag as she hummed cheerfully to herself. She seemed happily oblivious to the tension thrumming through them all.
"Are you going to eat that?"
Cassie blinked in surprise, looking away from Devon as Chris leaned over her to point at her brownie. She shook her head, her gaze focused on the table as she pushed her tray toward him. Devon watched her for a few moments more, oddly fascinated by the way the light played over her delicate features.
She was stunningly beautiful, but it was not lust that drew him to her like a moth to a flame. He wanted even more to be near her, and make sure that she was safe. These protective, tender emotions were new to him, and a little disconcerting, but he found that he enjoyed them just the same.
More students rambled over to them and dropped their trays down. "Man did you see the Sox game last night?" one of the newer arrivals asked Chris.
"Yeah," Chris mumbled. "Jason, this is Devon."
Jason was well built; his letterman's jacket was stretched taut over his broad shoulders. Hazel eyes glanced inquisitively at Devon as he gave a brief nod. "Hey," he greeted absently.
"Hi."
"And this is Kara, Susan, Billy, and David," Melissa continued, pointing out the four other new people that had joined them.
The boys nodded to him, the girls stared with open admiration. He could hear the increase of the girl's heartbeats; sense their excitement as their blood pulsed more rapidly through their veins. His hunger perked, but drawing on his rigid self control, he was able to bury it once more. Though he wasn't sure how much longer he would be able to keep doing that. Eventually the thirst would take over, and it would be necessary for him to feed. He hoped he would be able to make it through the rest of this strenuous day first.
"Where are you from?" Susan crossed her hands before her as she leaned forward.
Devon lifted an eyebrow as he fought a smile. He was from everywhere, but he was sure that they wouldn't appreciate that answer. "New York," he lied easily.
"Oh really, you don't have an accent. You must hate having to move to this small, nowhere town after such a big place!"
Melissa and Cassie both sighed heavily, briefly drawing his attention back to them. Cassie's gaze was still focused on her tray, but he could sense her disquiet. "I'm from upstate New York, a town smaller than this one, so it's actually an improvement."
"Why did you move here?"
Devon shrugged, he didn't like to lie, but most of his existence was based on one giant lie. "Change of scenery."
"I hope you're not a Yankee's fan," Jason muttered.
"I don't really follow sports."
Cassie's eyes twinkled with amusement as she glanced up at him. "That's great. Maybe I could show you around tonight or something. You know, show you where all the hotspots are," Susan continued eagerly.
"What hotspots?" Billy retorted irritably.
Susan glared at him. "There are a few."
"B's and S's?"
"The Lookout and Standish beach," she retorted impatiently.
"Whoopee."
Susan glared at Billy briefly before focusing her attention back on Devon. "Anyway, if you would like, I'll take you around and show you everything."
Billy and David shook their heads in disgust; they turned their attention away from Susan as they started talking about football. "Thank you, but I think I'm all set."
Susan's pretty face fell in disappointment. "Well, if you change your mind let me know."
He gave her a brisk nod before focusing on Cassie once more. She was watching him silently, her eyes steady and calm as he met her gaze. His heart seemed to lurch again, for a moment he felt it beating forcefully in his chest, and then it was dead once more. Whatever the strange connection between him and this girl was, he didn't think he would ever understand it, much less get used to it.
He couldn't take his eyes away from her as she lowered her gaze, once again focusing on the table as she dropped her half eaten apple on the tray. The loud ringing of the bell caused everyone to lurch to their feet like Pavlov's dogs. Devon raised an eyebrow at the sign of automatic obedience, but he found himself following suit.
Her eyes met his again, her hands clenching her tray. There was a sad acceptance in her gaze that he didn't understand, a look of resignation that touched something deep inside him. He longed to ease the aching loneliness he sensed in her.
Melissa was before him again, amusement radiating from her as she glanced knowingly at Cassie. "What's your next class?" He tore his attention away from Cassie, slipping the well worn schedule from his pocket as he handed it to Melissa. "Oh good, Cassie and I have American history now too."
Cassie paled visibly as her eyes shot away from them. For a moment it seemed she was going to bolt from the room again. Then, her focus came back to him and a steely resolve descended over her as she nodded briskly. Turning abruptly, she hurried to the nearest trash can and dumped her mostly untouched lunch.


CHAPTER 5
Cassie shifted uncomfortably, her entire body felt like a giant walking bruise. She had taken quite the pounding in training today, pushing herself extra hard in the hopes that the exertion would help to bury all thoughts of Devon. It hadn't worked.
Cassie rolled her shoulders, trying to work out the lingering tension. The hot water of her shower had helped her to relax some, but not completely. While she dressed then brushed out the tangles in her hair, she listened to the sound of the TV coming from her room.
Limping a little, she pulled the door open. Chris was sitting Indian style on her bed, his hands folded before him as he leaned toward the TV. The Red Sox were in the race for the playoffs and he was riveted. Cassie shook her head as he groaned loudly and pounded his fist onto the bed. "These guys are killing me!"
Cassie chuckled as she settled onto the bed beside him. "Is it over?"
"Might as well be," he muttered.
Cassie pat his knee reassuringly. "Are you going to stay here tonight?"
Chris shook his head before rising to his feet. "No, it's pretty peaceful over there and I suppose I should go home once in awhile."
"I guess," she muttered.
"Are you going to miss me?" he asked teasingly.
"Always." Though it was true, Cassie didn't tell him that she didn't want to be alone tonight. If she was alone then she would think, and if she thought, she knew that her thoughts would be centered upon him.
Cassie shuddered and wrapped her arms around herself. She didn't want to think about Devon, she wanted to forget his existence entirely, but she knew that was going to be impossible, especially if Chris went home. Unfortunately she couldn't bring herself to ask Chris to stay. He would know something was wrong if she did.
Swallowing her anxiety, she drew on her pride as Chris swung a leg out her window to take his normal exit from her house. "I'll see you in the morning."
Cassie nodded as he leapt onto the tree branch and hung for a brief moment before scurrying down the limb hand over hand. His legs wrapped around the trunk as he used the other branches to climb to the ground. She watched as he loped across the street and disappeared through his front door.
Cassie closed the window most of the way. Hitting the switch, she slipped into bed, knowing that she wouldn't be able to sleep. Staring blankly at the flickering TV she tried to shut her mind down and not think of Devon, but the harder she tried the more she found herself fixated on him.
Tossing and turning, Cassie finally managed to slip into a restless sleep at almost two in the morning. The moment that she slept, she dreamed of him.
***
Cassie squinted against the daylight and longed for stronger sunglasses. Her eyes were killing her; she was exhausted, twitchy, and extremely agitated. Her skin felt two sizes too small, and the sun was making it prickle like she'd just brushed against a stinging nettle.
It was going to be a miserable day and she hadn't even made it into the school yet. Rubbing the back of her neck, she eased further into the shadows of the giant oak overhanging Chris's Mustang. "Are you ok?" She glanced over at Melissa and nodded as she hugged her books to her chest. "Cassie…"
Melissa's voice trailed off as a hush settled over the student body. The tingling sensation of her skin increased tenfold, the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. She turned and her eyes instantly latched onto the sleek black Challenger that moved past. Her heart turned over and her mouth went dry. She knew instantly who was behind the wheel, even though the tinted windows were too dark to get a glimpse of the driver.
"Wow." Chris's eyes were so large that Cassie was certain they were about to pop out of his head.
Cassie pressed her back against the oak tree, trying to make herself invisible. Memories of her dreams from last night suddenly assaulted her, flooding her body with heat and made her skin crawl even more. Though the dreams had just been bits and pieces of him standing by B's and S's watching her, they had left her aching for more.
She watched breathlessly, her heart hammering loudly in her chest as the car slid into a parking spot and Devon climbed out. Though he wore dark sunglasses, she knew the moment when his gaze locked onto hers. Her legs went weak and her body turned to rubber as she felt his gaze burning into her. Cassie was unable to move as she stared back at him. She felt like a fool for being caught staring, no gaping at him, but she couldn't bring herself to care.
His gaze was torn from her as Marcy and Susan eagerly hurried over to him. Cassie slumped against the tree as she fought to catch her breath and ease the pounding of her heart. She was shaking, trembling like a leaf as the affects of his gaze took its toll. Chris was staring at her questioningly, an eyebrow lifted in surprise.
"What's wrong with you?"
Cassie shook her head as she tried not to completely fall apart. "Nothing."
He continued to stare at her, but thankfully Jason and Kara picked that moment to arrive and distract him from her present state. The game was discussed, plans were made, but Cassie barely heard any of it. Unwillingly, her gaze returned to Devon. He was still standing by the car, but he now had a large group of female admirers surrounding him.
Cassie's heart lurched as jealousy filled her. There was some strange connection between them (or at least she believed so), but it was more than apparent that he could have his choice of any of the girls, and that none of them were avoiding him as much as Cassie was. Her annoyance mounted as Marcy touched his arm, grinning cheerfully as her hand lingered far longer than Cassie liked. All she craved was to know what he felt like, and now Marcy did.
"He is wicked hot," Kara gushed from beside her.
Cassie started in surprise; she had been so focused on Devon that she hadn't realized Kara had moved to stand beside her. "Who?" she managed to croak out, knowing full well who Kara was talking about.
Kara grinned at her. "The new guy, the one you're staring at."
Cassie shifted uncomfortably. She hadn't realized that she had been so overt in her ogling. "Um yeah, he's ok," she hedged.
Kara laughed as she flung her backpack higher on her shoulder and Melissa moved over to join them. "Would you like to go over there with me?" Kara inquired.
Cassie fervently shook her head. "No."
Kara shrugged. "Suit yourself."
Kara slipped away to join the growing group of eager girls throwing themselves at Devon. "You ok?" Melissa asked softly.
Cassie nodded, though she knew it was a lie. "I'm going to head inside."
"I'll go with you."
Cassie moved away from the tree and winced as she stepped into the harsh rays of the sun. She could almost feel her skin burning, her eyes watered as she squinted against the bright light. She gave Devon a wide berth, but she could feel his eyes following her as she hurried toward the shelter of the school.
It was going to be another tiresome day and she wasn't at all prepared for it.


CHAPTER 6
Though he sat at her lunch table again, Cassie didn't return to it. In fact, she didn't even come into the cafeteria, for three days in a row. He was growing impatient and aggravated with her. While every other girl in the school was throwing themselves at him, she was doing her best to avoid him at every turn.
Now, finally, she was back in the cafeteria. He watched as she walked through the crowd with an ease and grace that was both captivating and amazing. She was unable to move fast as it seemed like everyone wanted her attention. Though she spoke with everyone, and smiled kindly, he could sense her impatience. He was just as impatient as she was. He wanted her over here, with him, where he could finally try and talk to her again.
He slid into the chair that had become his, and tapped his finger impatiently on the table as he waited for Cassie to reappear. People slid in around him, and though they talked to him, he barely acknowledged them as his gaze remained focused on the wall she had disappeared behind. He still didn't understand why he was so enthralled with this girl, but he was. He dreamed of her every night, haunting dreams that left him shaken and unfulfilled in the morning. He longed to know what she would really feel like in his arms, not just what her ghostly dream image felt like.
"Hello," he glanced over at Marcy, giving her a brief nod as she slid into the seat next to him and leaned in annoyingly close.
Devon knew he had a large group of admirers now; there was nothing he could do about that, but Marcy was by far the most persistent and overt. She moved closer to him, and her small hand dropped onto his arm. Cocking an eyebrow pointedly at her hand, he grappled not to lose his patience with the clingy girl.
She chose to completely ignore the impatience rolling off of him in waves. "Are you going to come to B's and S's tonight?"
Devon glanced back at where Cassie had disappeared. He hadn't been back to the restaurant since he'd first seen her. She hadn't returned there either in the past three nights, choosing instead to go to Melissa's house with Chris. He found himself more than a little pathetic for knowing that fact, but for some reason he was determined to make sure that she was safe.
He tried to convince himself that his behavior was reasonable, but he knew in his heart that he was bordering on becoming an obsessive stalker. He barely recognized himself anymore and it was a brutal realization to know that one girl could make him become something he never thought he could be. Then again, it had been another girl that had completely changed him in a way he'd never expected before also.
However Cassie was an exceptional girl, she was a unicorn, he realized with a start as she reemerged from the lunch line. She was a rare, never imagined find, but one that he was never going to release again.
Her smile was easy and cheerful as she conversed with the girls by her side. He'd only known her for a few days, but he'd come to realize that she was never alone. There was always someone by her side, demanding her attention. It was an annoying fact, especially when she was so giving of her time with them, while she ignored and avoided the hell out of him.
Mark honed in on her like a missile on its target. Devon's senses went on high alert as he felt an undercurrent of annoyed impatience running through the boy. Mark arrived at Cassie's side and touched her elbow to gain her attention.
She took a small step back as she turned toward him. Anger rolled through Devon as Mark moved closer to her. Using his height as an intimidation factor, he bent over her. Cassie's eyes narrowed sternly, her shoulders straightened as she tilted her chin up proudly. Though Devon was impressed by her show of strength and defiance, he also wished that she would simply back away. He sensed an instability within Mark that worried him, he knew that the boy would crack if pushed, and Cassie seemed determined to push him away.
Devon rose to his feet, with every intention of intervening. Her safety was his number one concern, and around Mark, he knew that she was not safe.
Chris appeared at her side suddenly and used his shoulder to push past Mark. Chris smiled at Mark, but there was coiled tension in his solid frame, and no sparkle in his sapphire eyes. He spoke briefly to Mark while nudging Cassie further back. Cassie didn't look pleased to be pushed out of the way as she glared at Chris's back.
Chris finally managed to disentangle the two of them from Mark, though Mark stared after them as Chris continued to steer Cassie toward the glass doors at the back of the cafeteria. Devon suddenly recalled Melissa's words on his first day. The senior's sat outside when the weather permitted. Until now, he hadn't noticed that a fair amount of seniors was missing as his table was packed with girls, who wouldn't leave his side if he remained inside.
If he moved outside now, they would only follow. The last thing he needed was a gaggle of giggling teens following him around while he tried to talk with Cassie. He watched her as she moved woodenly toward the doors, her tray clenched in her hands, her head held immobile, and her neck straight.
He felt the breaking point when she lost the battle and her head turned toward him. The impact of her gaze was like a lightning bolt as it struck him. It sizzled through his dried veins and caused his deadened heart to vibrate with pulsing electricity.
She hesitated briefly, her eyes warmed as a wave of heat flooded her porcelain cheeks. Her thick dark lashes swept down to shadow her eyes as she bowed her head. Her golden hair fell forward, hiding her face as she hurried on. She dropped her sunglasses back into place before following Chris outside.
Disappointment filled him as he turned away from her, his irritation mounted as he spotted Mark. He was still staring after Cassie with a thunderous expression on his face. Mark hesitated for a moment longer before turning and slinking over to a table packed with boys just as large and muscular as he was. They were all wearing black and gold jackets with a white horse on the back.
Devon had no idea why they were all wearing the same coats, but they seemed to think they were special as none of the boys were taking them off, even though it was hot in the cafeteria. Devon shook his head; he didn't understand human customs at all, least of all teenage ones. Staying here for much longer was going to drive him crazy, but he wasn't leaving here without finding out exactly why he was so drawn to Cassie.
And that meant finally getting closer to her.
He turned back to Marcy, deciding to use her clinginess to his advantage for a change. "What do you know about Cassie?"
Marcy was taken aback as she leaned away from him. He should have taken a different approach, he realized belatedly. "Why?"
Devon shrugged negligently. Leaning closer to Marcy, he placed his hand briefly upon her arm as he sought to soothe her. "I'm simply curious; Mark seems to truly like her."
She relaxed, but her eyes still radiated distrust. "He's liked her for awhile, but she just strings him along like she strings Chris, and everyone else along."
Devon quirked an eyebrow, he wondered if it had been Mark, or Chris, that Marcy liked before he had walked into this school and she'd become fixated on him. "I thought she and Chris were just friends."
Marcy shrugged, her eyes darkened as her nose scrunched. "That's what they say, but I doubt it. There is something strange about that relationship, neither one of them really date anyone else." Her bitter tone confirmed the fact that it had been Chris she liked.
"Come on Marcy, you know they're just friends," Kara interjected as she leaned forward and rested her chin on her hands.
"He sleeps in her room Kara," Marcy retorted. "You can't tell me that nothing has ever happened between them!"
Kara shook her head as she rolled her eyes. She turned toward Devon, her pretty face softening from irritation to kindness. "They've been friends since they were little. Cassie's parents, and Chris's dad, were killed in the same car accident when they were only a year old." Devon kept his surprise over this revelation hidden as Kara turned toward Marcy. "So yes, I believe that nothing has happened between them."
Marcy rolled her eyes but tried to keep her irritation hidden from Devon. She failed miserably. "Cassie's parents are dead?"
Kara nodded as sadness crept over her delicate features. "Yes, and so are Melissa's."
Devon started in surprise. It was a strange coincidence, but it also explained the strong bond that they seemed to share. Though they were all popular, and always surrounded by people, they still remained aloof and mostly separated from everyone but each other. When they were together they were like one unit. A unit that was able to communicate without saying a word.
He'd been amazed, impressed, and a little confused by the closeness of their bond. However, the fact that they had all experienced the loss of a parent definitely explained the bond they shared. Unwillingly his gaze went to the windows, but he couldn't see Cassie amongst the crush of students that had finished eating and moved outside. A whiffle ball and bat had been brought out and a pickup game was starting.
"That's awful," he muttered.
Though he couldn't understand, or relate to her sorrow, he was beginning to get a better understanding of her life and what made her tick. She was so proud and strong but at the same time, lonely and hurt. He found himself even more determined than before to get close enough to ease her unsettled mind.
He rose suddenly, ignoring the startled looks that Marcy and Kara shot him. "Excuse me," he mumbled before swiftly moving through the crowd toward the glass double doors.
The excited sound of laughter and chatter suffused him as he stepped outside. He scanned the crowd, but didn't spot Cassie amongst the mass. He did spot Melissa though. Winding his way through the students, he steadily made his way toward her. Melissa turned toward him, a dark eyebrow lifted as her mouth quirked in a small smile.
"Hey stranger," she greeted warmly. He hesitated for a moment, briefly puzzled by the startling amount of knowledge within the dark eyes that studied him. He was certain that she knew exactly why he was here, and she was happy about it. "How is everything going?"
"Fine." His gaze darted over the crowd as he searched for Cassie, but he didn't see her, nor could he smell her delicious scent.
"You seem to be making a lot of friends."
"I suppose."
Her smile widened, her smooth dark olive complexion shone in the sun. She knew why he was here, and she was enjoying every moment of torment she was handing to him. He didn't know if that fact pissed him off, or if he wanted to join in with her obvious amusement.
"Not interested in friends?"
Only one, he almost told her, but he bit back the words. "Of course." Though Melissa was enjoying this conversation, he was tired of being toyed with. "Where is your friend Cassie?"
Melissa quirked her head to the side, her exotic eyes slanted as her hair fell forward. "Having most of the female population chasing you around isn't enough for you?"
Though he knew she was trying to be playful, Devon's patience was at a snapping point. Melissa sensed this as her smile slipped away and a strange sadness crept over her. That dark look passed over her eyes again as they seemed to pierce straight into his soul.
"No," he said simply.
She snorted in surprise as her eyes sparked with amusement once more. "Good," she said flatly. "Cassie went home."
He frowned in surprise as he shoved his hands into his pockets. "Why?"
"Not feeling well."
"She ok?" he demanded, surprised by the wealth of worry and concern that filled him.
"She's fine, just hasn't been sleeping well."
Devon frowned as he recalled the strange dreams plaguing him that Cassie was always a part of, and that haunted him throughout the day. Dreams that he didn't want to have, but looked forward to every night just the same.
He hated what Cassie was doing to him, knew that he should leave this town, but he also knew that he couldn't leave without knowing her. Not yet anyway.
***
"Cassie come on! Pay attention!"
Cassie tossed aside the stake she'd been holding and stormed over to the bench. Grabbing a water bottle she squirted it into her parched mouth. She was exhausted, she could barely function and had been completely blowing off her training for the past week. She was doing awful, and Luther wasn't about to let her forget it.
"You are so very lucky that things have been quiet this past week!" he barked at her. "You wouldn't survive five seconds in the field!" Cassie was struggling to control her temper, he was right after all, but she was just as frustrated as he was with her inability to do anything right. "What is wrong with you?"
Cassie shuddered as she thought of the many things that were wrong with her lately, and they were all centered on one very disturbing, frightening man. "I'm tired." Although it was the truth, it was also a very poor excuse.
"Tired! Tired!?" he demanded harshly.
Cassie hung her head and peeked up at him from under lowered lashes. She deserved whatever she got, but it was still killing her to keep from defending herself. Luther pulled off his Lennon style glasses and cleaned them briskly on his shirt. He was relatively calmer when he slipped them back on.
"Alright." He tugged on his graying brown hair as he paced briefly away before turning sharply on his heel and coming back. "Maybe I am being too tough on you. Maybe you should have a break, you all should. We'll take the rest of tonight off."
Taking time off wouldn't help her. She knew that. Just as she knew that none of them could afford to lose time practicing their fighting skills. "Luther…"
"No, no." His muddled English/Egyptian accent became slightly heavier the more discombobulated he became. "A night off will do us all some good, you'll come back refreshed and recharged. You are the best fighter we have; if you don't get your act together we're all at risk."
Cassie bit on her bottom lip as she struggled to keep hold of the resentment and shame that threatened to consume her. She had to get her act together, and she had to do it soon. She was overtired right now, that was her whole problem. She just needed some sleep.
Fighting to keep hold of her uncontrollably swaying emotions, she glanced around the converted garage. It was packed full of weapons, punching bags, and exercise equipment. Luther had added onto the two car garage a couple years ago, making it twice as big as its original size. She'd spent a lot of time in this room, poured a lot of sweat, and shed more than a few tears and blood.
She hated everything that this room represented and the change it had brought to her life. Turning away from the metal swords and crossbows strapped to the wall, she focused her attention on Luther, Melissa, and Chris. "It's time to go home," she said.
"Yes, yes," Luther agreed. "Rest for the next night and then we'll hit it hard again tomorrow."
Cassie nodded, though the last thing she wanted was to come back here. However, she didn't have an option. She would come back over and over again until they left town, or she died. Both options sucked.
"Will you be ok after tonight?" She nodded in response to Luther's question. His aggravation had been replaced with a deep concern that rattled her. He was the closest thing to a father she had, and right now he looked completely worried about her. She didn't like it one bit. "Are you sure?"
"Cassie." She turned toward Melissa, hating the knowledge in her onyx eyes. Though Cassie hadn't mentioned her dreams to anyone, or her bizarre attraction to Devon, Melissa saw far more than most people. She always did. "Maybe a sleeping pill would help you."
Cassie hid her surprise, and nodded briskly as she turned toward Chris. He offered her a wan smile as he held his arm out to her. Though she loved them both dearly, there were times when she wished they didn't know her so well, or possess such probing gifts. Hiding her irritation, she slipped her arm into Chris's and squeezed it briefly as she leaned against his side.
She'd always hated taking any medicine, but maybe she should take a pill tonight, she was so damn tired she could barely see straight anymore. And if she didn't get some sleep soon, she was scared that she would break completely.


CHAPTER 7
"Is this a dream?"
Cassie's golden hair tumbled in a riotous mass about her bared, creamy shoulders as she stood across from him in the clearing. The white dress she wore billowed gently about her bare feet. She was astonishing, breathtaking, and he knew that if his heart could still beat it would have stopped at the sight of her. The breeze pushed strands of hair around her delicate features. She reached up and pulled it back as it drifted across one of her eyes.
Her eyes drifted away, a small smile played over her mouth as she stared at the pristine lake in the middle of the field. Her toes curled into the thick grass beneath her bare feet as her smile became wistful. "Beautiful," she breathed.
He completely agreed, but his gaze didn't stray from her. She turned back to him, her head tilted to the side as she studied him questioningly. "You're everywhere," she whispered.
"Am I?" He started as his hands fisted at his sides. His entire body ached to touch her, to hold her, to pull her close to him. His own bare feet curled into the springy grass he stood upon. The blades tickled a little, but he ignored them as he took a step toward her.
"Yes." Though she looked like she was going to bolt, she didn't move. "You're in my school and my thoughts, and you haunt my dreams. But this one is so very real." The words were a bare whisper as she turned back to the lake. "So real. It must be that pill I took."
He stopped moving for a moment. "Pill?" he inquired.
She turned back to him, her eyes somber and distant. "Yes. I had to sleep before I dropped." The fierce shake of her head caused her hair to cascade around her. "But you make it so very difficult for me to function at all, never mind sleep. I hate taking medication though, and apparently these pills cause some intense dreams. I can feel the grass, actually feel it beneath my feet. That is so odd!"
"Yes," he agreed, because he could find no other words for her. He made it difficult for her to function! If she only knew what she did to him on a daily, hourly, second by second basis. Yet he couldn't stop the elation that filled him, this may only be a dream, but there was also something different about it, something very real and solid. Something that made him believe that she was actually standing there with him, that she was actually expressing her true emotions.
"Cassie," he breathed, suddenly having to touch her with a desperation that bordered on insanity.
Though he half expected her to flee, she didn't move as he stepped closer to her. Instead, resignation seemed to settle over her as desire blazed to life. "I don't want to fight my dreams anymore," she murmured.
A tear trickled down her cheek as he stopped before her. He could almost feel the beat of his pulse pounding through his veins as he wiped the single, shimmering tear from her face. Her eyes were filled with awe as she watched him. Her cheek was silken beneath his thumb as he caressed her.
This was the strangest dream he'd ever had, but he didn't give a damn. It was also the best one he'd ever had. "Cassie," he whispered again as he leaned closer to her. All he wanted to know was what her mouth would feel like, what her luscious lips would be like against his and how she would taste.
"Devon." Her hand, delicate and small, came up to his. Her fingers wrapped around his, her breath caught in her throat as her eyelids drifted down to shadow her eyes. "I've wanted this for so long," she breathed. "I think I wanted this even before I met you. I think I knew you were out there somehow. It makes no sense." She shook her head in confusion. "I'm so glad this is only a dream. I sound like an idiot."
"Never," he whispered fervently, relishing in every one of her baffled thoughts. He was so very glad to hear that she felt as confused and desperate as he did. "I understand exactly what you mean." Though the feelings made no sense, and he didn't understand how they could be so strong when he barely knew her, they were real.
Her eyes sparkled with amusement; the amethyst flecks in them sparkled in the midmorning sun. She was the most achingly innocent, beautiful woman he had ever met, and she was far too good for him. He should stay away from her; he should flee while he still could. It would be far safer for her if he walked out of her life, he would only bring her heartache and unhappiness.
However, he couldn't bring himself to move. Even though this was only a dream, he knew that whatever happened within this world would change their waking world also. He longed for their waking world to change. He craved to be able to touch her, and feel her, and speak with her for real. His hand trembled on her cheek for a moment.
"Tell me no," he whispered.
"I don't want to."
His deadened heart seemed to kick start again at her words. He smoothly pulled her toward him and tilted her head up. Her eyes drifted closed, her lips parted on a sigh. Her sweet breath washed over him as he brought his mouth to hers.
Electricity surged through him, for the first time in so many centuries he felt alive again, and so completely whole. She eased the aching loneliness inside of him, made him forget his entire, awful existence. She was everything good and right in the world, she was everything that he had been searching for, and she was completely his.
His other hand wrapped around her waist and pulled her firmly against him. He could feel the riotous beat of her heart as her chest pressed against his. Her pulse pounded through her veins, but thirst for her blood didn't seize hold of him. With her, he had complete control of himself and the bloodlust didn't take over. Maybe, because this was a dream he could keep control of himself, but he felt that even awake he would be able to do anything for her. Even control the monster that always lurked just beneath the surface of his existence.
A gasp of pleasure escaped her as her hands encircled his shoulders, and her fingers dug into him. A groan escaped him as her mouth parted beneath his demanding quest. His hands drifted over her bare shoulders, the feel of her silken skin left him shaken as he moved closer to the collar of the dress she wore. He caught hold of her as her knees went limp and she slumped against him.
His composure rapidly unraveling, he seized hold of her dress with the intent of ripping it free of her. This was his dream after all, and he could do whatever he desired in it, and he desired her.
The scent of her tears stopped his rushing, heedless movements. He pulled back from her, horrified that he had frightened her in his urgency. Even if it was just a dream he couldn't bring himself to upset her in anyway. He didn't know the extent of her experience with men, but he sensed that there hadn't been much. There was no way that she had ever been pawed and molested by a nearly crazed vampire before.
It made no sense though, if this was his dream she shouldn't be crying, she should be throwing herself at him with reckless abandon. If this was his dream, he shouldn't be feeling like he was actually experiencing her emotions. Something niggled at the back of his mind, but he wasn't in the mood to deal with his doubts and questions right now.
"Cassie what's wrong? Did I hurt you? Please," he whispered. "Please tell me that I didn't hurt you."
She shook her head forcefully. He smoothly pushed back the strands of hair that fell across her damp cheeks. Cupping her chin, he lifted her face to his. Tears slid down her cheeks, her eyes were bright and alive with sparkling moisture. Though he'd been frightened that he'd hurt her, there was happiness and joy radiating from her.
"Cassie?"
"I'm fine," she breathed as she cupped his hand in hers and leaned into his touch. "I'm just so happy here. This is the most fantastic thing that I've ever experienced. I can say that here because it isn't real." Her eyes flitted away from his for a moment. "But out there…"
She shook her head, closing her eyes as she nestled closer. "Out there what?" he prodded, knowing that she was talking about the world that existed outside of this dream.
"Out there everything is difficult. Out there, this cannot be."
Confusion filled him as he studied her. She kept her gaze focused on the lake as more tears filled her eyes. He sensed these were tears of grief and loss, not of joy. He didn't understand what she was talking about, but it was more than apparent that she was greatly upset about something.
"Cassie, look at me." She slowly turned her eyes to his, her forehead furrowed. "Why is it difficult? Why can't this be?"
Though she smiled wanly, the depth of her sorrow was nearly palpable. "Even if I could tell you, you wouldn't believe me anyway."
"I would believe anything you told me."
Her eyes warmed and melted. "I've never felt like this with anyone before, never even knew it could be possible to feel like this. Even though it's a dream, I feel like you would be like this in the real world, that you would make me feel this good."
"I would," he promised, surprised by the strange turn of events this dream was taking. It was his dream after all, she should still be happy and in his arms. She should not look lost and wounded or talking in riddles that he couldn't unravel. She should tell him what was bothering her, not keep it hidden from him.
What kind of crazy dream was this?
Though she kept her face pressed into the palm of his hand she turned her attention back to the lake. "I used to love coming here," she whispered.
Devon started in surprise as he turned toward the pristine lake. The field surrounding it was covered with blue, yellow, and white wild flowers that flowed toward the edge of a thick forest. The blades of grass, and wild flowers, swayed beneath the flowing breeze that trickled over them. A dock stretched toward the middle of the lake and a single tree was off to the side with a rope swing tied to a branch over the water. He could almost hear children laughing as they swung out over the water and released the rope.
Though it could have been one of a hundred lakes in the world, it was not one that he'd seen before. "You know this place?" he inquired.
She turned back to him, the unhappiness momentarily slipping from her as she grinned. "Very well, it's Lake Waldorph. Chris and I used to spend three weeks here every summer at the camp just beyond those woods. They were fun, carefree summers."
Devon focused on the lake again; horror filled him as he turned from its smooth surface back to her. This was not only his dream, he realized with a start, but also hers. Though he was the one that had brought her into the dream, it was her mind that had created the setting. It was why she wasn't telling him the things he wanted to hear from her, and why her distress and reluctance were real. It was why things weren't going the way he wanted them to.
His body began to go numb with shock and disbelief. He knew how their minds had connected, knew he had been the one to do it, but he'd never planned to let such a thing happen. While asleep, his subconscious must have sought out hers. It had taken hold of her mind, and drawn it in.
Devon bit back a curse, unwilling to frighten or upset her even more. There was no reason for her to know what had happened, how this had occurred, or the reason that it felt so real was because both their minds were creating it. It was better for her to continue to consider this just a strange, oddly real, dream. She could never know what he was, what he was capable of, what he could do to her. She would run screaming if she knew the truth, and he wouldn't blame her in the least.
The only problem was that no matter what she said, or what she wanted, he was afraid that this dream might mean she wouldn't have an option, and that neither did he. They barely knew each other, but his ability had somehow taken them both over, and brought them both here. He'd never had such a thing happen before, had never lost control in such a way. Even when he had been a novice, floundering and uncertain of his powers, he'd never lost control of them.
He had a bad feeling that he finally knew what all of this meant. He just wasn't willing to recognize the truth of it. He still didn't even have a place to stay in town, and hadn't intended to stay. Now he was fearful that he may not have a choice about staying, or going.
Wrapping his fingers through hers, he shut his thoughts off. He didn't intend to deal with them right now. He knew that it would only result in a tangled mess of confusion that he wasn't in the mood to sort through. For now, all he wanted was to hold her, talk to her, and make both of their dreams come true.
"Would you like to sit by the lake?"
Her face lit with pleasure, her eyes sparked merrily. He knew in that moment that he would do everything he could to make her smile like that as often as possible. "I would love to."
He leisurely led her down to the water and stopped at the edge of the lake. The water lapped gently against his feet. "Just as warm as I remember," Cassie whispered.
"Why did you stop coming here?"
She shrugged as a tremor of tension raced through her. "There wasn't any time for camp once Luther and Melissa arrived."
His eyebrows knitted together as he thought over her strange words. "Who is Luther?"
"Melissa's father, adoptive father," she amended.
Devon shook his head in confusion. "I don't understand. What does he have to do with the fact that you no longer went to camp?"
She held her hair back as the breeze briefly picked up again. For a moment grief enveloped her and that lost look filled her eyes again. Then her gaze cleared, and she smiled cheerfully at him. She squeezed his hand before standing on tiptoe to kiss him briefly. Devon started in surprise, but he enjoyed her sudden, playful demeanor. He was certain it wasn't an attitude she had very often.
"This is a dreary topic for such an amazing dream, and one that I don't want to think about right now. I think about it too often during the day."
Devon was once again confused as to what she was talking about. What did Melissa's adopted father have to do with anything major in her life, other than taking care of her friend, and maybe driving them to the movies or dances once in awhile? Those things were certainly not something that would occupy her thoughts often during the day, at least not as often as she had just suggested.
Before he could question her further, she tilted her head to the side and gave him an impish grin. "I would much rather go swimming."
With that she released his hand and plunged into the water. Her beautiful laughter trailed off as she dove beneath the surface. Devon stood for an astonished moment before shrugging negligently. It had been a long time since he'd gone swimming, and he couldn't think of anyone he would rather do it with.
Cassie burst back to the surface and inhaled deeply. Her skin glimmered in the sun, her dress pressed against her and drops of water clung to her as she smiled beckoningly at him. Excitement spurted through him. She was tantalizing, irresistible, and completely delicious looking. He couldn't refuse her as he began to wade into the warm water.
He was only feet from her when her head tilted to the side and annoyance flitted over her delicate features. "What is that noise?" she mumbled.
"What noise?"
He could hear nothing except for the subtle lapping of the waves against their skin. "Alarm," she whispered.
Then she was gone. Dismay filled Devon as he frantically looked around for her. It took him a few moments to realize that she had simply awakened. She hadn't disappeared for good but he couldn't stifle the suffocating disappointment he felt.
Retreating from the lake he returned to the shore, he ignored the feel of the grass now. It didn't matter as much without her here to enjoy it with him. He slid to the ground and draped his arms over his knees as he stared at the serene lake that Cassie had placed here. He wanted to know more about her days at camp, her childhood, and life experiences both happy and sad. He would like to know everything there was to know about her, and he was tired of being dodged all the time.
He didn't care about his own feelings of confusion and doubt; didn't care about their strange conversation, or the fact that he had lost control of his ability. There was only one thing that he cared about now. It didn't matter if Cassie fought him every step of the way, he was going to get closer to her in real life. He was going to make their dream come true.


CHAPTER 8
Cassie was humming cheerfully under her breath as she breezed into the kitchen and grabbed an apple from a bowl on the center island. Her grandmother froze in the act of beating some scrambled eggs. Her delicate eyebrows drew together as her azure eyes tracked Cassie's every movement. Reaching over, her grandma turned down the country song drifting from the radio.
"You seem much happier today," her grandmother said.
Cassie stopped to drop a kiss on her grandmother's smooth cheek. Though she was in her late fifties, she barely looked a day over thirty. Only soft laugh lines marred the corners of her eyes and mouth. Her shoulder length, strawberry blond hair, was pulled into a lose ponytail that bounced against her neck.
"A little," Cassie agreed.
"Did you finally get some sleep?"
Cassie nodded, a sly smile flitted over her mouth as she recalled the night of sleep she'd had. Though she knew that it had only been a dream, and could only ever be a dream, it had still left her feeling warm, alive and strangely loved this morning. Her gaze shot to the window where she could see Chris just walking out of his house.
"Yes," Cassie answered absently.
Though she had woken up strangely revived and optimistic, the sight of Chris's slumped shoulders reminded her that this wasn't some strangely realistic dream. This was her life, and in her life, there was no room for hope and optimism. There was no room to have feelings for someone, because in the end she would have to give them up. Though she reminded herself of these things, she couldn't stop the excitement that filled her at the thought of seeing Devon today. She was playing with fire, and bound to get burned, but at this moment she couldn't put the matches down.
"Luther is working you all too hard," her grandmother muttered before returning to her eggs.
"We're fine, grandma."
She glanced sharply back up at Cassie. "You haven't been fine for the past week."
Cassie shrugged as she shoved the apple into her bag. She couldn't meet her grandmother's eyes; she knew how observant she was. "I was just a little stressed over school."
"Hmm," she grunted. "You're too young for such responsibilities."
Cassie heaved her backpack onto her shoulder. Chris was already parked on the street, waiting for her. He usually came inside in the morning, either to say hi to her grandma, or to steal some food. The fact that he wasn't coming in led Cassie to believe that he'd had a rough night.
"You were younger than me when you learned what you were," Cassie reminded her. "And you had the same responsibilities."
Her grandmother turned toward her. "I always knew what I was Cassie. It wasn't staggering to me, and at the time we never could have imagined that such a thing as The Slaughter would occur. You shouldn't have had to know either."
"Grandma…"
She waved her hand impatiently. "I know Luther had to find you. It was part of your destiny after all. It just would have been nice to have been able to keep you sheltered from it."
Cassie hurried to her side and hugged her tenderly. "I know grandma, but there are things in life that we can't predict, or avoid."
Cassie thought over her words and was startled to realize that they could apply to her situation with Devon. She couldn't have predicted his arrival, and she was beginning to feel that it would be easier to stop a locomotive than to continue to fight her strong attraction to him. She trembled with anticipation at the same time her mouth went dry with dread. If she did this, there would be no turning back, and she found she almost welcomed the change.
"When did you get so smart dear?"
Cassie blinked as she was brought back to the present. "A wise person raised me."
Her grandmother's face lit up with her smile. "And don't you forget it. Now hurry up, get going, Chris had a rough night."
"Yeah he did."
Cassie kissed her cheek again, squeezed her hand, and hurried out of the house. The day was bright and warm, the chill of fall hadn't settled in completely, but the leaves were beginning to change. Cassie glanced up at the clear sky and eagerly inhaled the fresh air as she tried to steady her tingling nerves and pounding heart. She had a feeling that after today there would be no turning back.
***
Cassie's shoulders throbbed from the ramrod position she was maintaining. It was impossible to relax though, not with him only mere feet away. In fact, as long as he was near, she was pretty sure that she was never going to relax again. Not after that dream. Unwillingly, she pressed her fingers to her mouth. She could still recall the heat of his lips against hers, the unyielding stroke of his tongue, and the press of his solid arms encircling her. He'd made her feel so safe and protected, and whole. It had been the strangest most realistic dream ever, and she was desperate to know what the real life experience would be like.
She had to force herself not to look at him, not to cast surreptitious glances his way and relive every moment of pleasure he'd given to her last night. It was impossible. She clenched her hands. Her nails dug into her palms, her knuckles ached from the force of it. Her pen was clasped so tight that she feared it would crack. Her pulse pounded in her ears, as her heart beat rapidly.
She hadn't heard a word Mr. Maddox had said since class started. Unwillingly, her gaze drifted over to Devon. He was sitting casually in his desk, his legs stretched before him as he stared straight ahead. Those hands that had touched her so reverently last night were splayed before him; the long fingers were flat upon the desk. Though his posture was relaxed, she sensed a current of tension and power just beneath his smooth surface. The power that ran through him seemed completely out of place for a normal teenage boy in history class.
Seeming to sense her focus, he slowly turned toward her. She knew that she should look away, that she should be embarrassed to have been caught staring, but she couldn't. It took everything she had not to stretch across the space between them as her fingers twitched with the urge to touch him.
He didn't look away from her as he leaned forward and shifted with an easy grace. His emerald eyes burned with intensity, and a passion that left her breathless. The ripple of his muscles made her mouth go dry as her body erupted with tingles of electricity. She felt like a volcano bubbling beneath the surface, ready to explode in a torrent of molten lava that would certainly destroy her. She was certain that she would enjoy being buried beneath the heat.
Somehow, she didn't know how, but her pen was no longer in her hand, her hand wasn't clenched, and it wasn't on her desk. Her hand was now in the middle of the aisle, reaching toward him.
She blinked, snapping out of the brief trance. Her face flamed red, heat burned down the back of her neck as the realization of what she had been doing crashed over her. He didn't look at all appalled by her strange behavior as he leaned even closer.
She was tempted to reach toward him again, but she couldn't bring herself to make such a forward gesture once more. She couldn't believe she'd done it in the first place. It wasn't within her to make the first move, especially not with someone that she didn't know, and who now probably thought that she was crazy. The few boys she had dated had always approached her first.
The loud ringing of the bell caused her to jump in surprise and she knocked her forgotten pen to the ground. Cassie groaned, disgusted with herself, and the entire situation. She had to get her act together before she completely lost it. She couldn't continue to let some guy wreak havoc on her life in such a way.
She shoved her book into her bag and bent over to retrieve her lost pen. But it wasn't where it had fallen on the ground. Instead, it was held in a long fingered, strong hand that she recognized instantly. Her gaze traveled deliberately from the hand, to the man now kneeling before her. His clear eyes clashed with hers and caused her toes to curl. There would be no going back after this. If she took that pen from him, if she touched him, she knew that nothing would ever be the same again.
A small smile curved the corner of his firm mouth as his eyes seemed to taunt her. Annoyance filled her in the face of his unspoken challenge, he was daring her to take the pen back. She had never backed down from someone before. Taking a deep breath, Cassie steeled herself. She was probably overreacting anyway, nothing was going to happen.
Though she knew she was lying to herself, she also knew that she couldn't simply leave this room, and him, with her pen.
Her heart hammered as her fingers curled around the top of the pen, mere centimeters from where his fingers stopped. Though they were not touching, a current shot through her and left her breathless and shaken. Vivid images of the dream sizzled through her. He didn't move as the smile slipped from his face and his eyes burned with the consuming need she had seen in him before.
Then he moved.
His fingers slid up the pen to breach the small gap between them. Cassie inhaled loudly, something inside of her locked into place, it froze her muscles and kept her immobile. The world disappeared as everything in it became him, became them. They were joining, their molecules blending and twining together in a sensuous dance that was soothing and beautiful. Everything suddenly made sense; everything became right as his touch became the balm that soothed her soul.
The dream last night had been very realistic, but the true reality was far better than anything she could have imagined. In that moment, she knew she had found her home in him. This was where she belonged, where she would always belong. Her life would never be the same, but she wasn't frightened by the realization anymore, but rather, exhilarated by it. Everything would be ok now that he was a part of her.
His eyes darkened as a tremor shook his powerful frame, a tremor that melted her heart, and made her ache to touch his cheek. It didn't make her feel better that he seemed just as mystified as she was by all of this. No, it only made her yearn to get closer to him, to ease the torment she sensed deep inside him.
She didn't know where his torment came from, but she suspected it ran even deeper than her own. Somehow she knew that she could help him with his pain, just as he helped with hers. She could feel the strength running through him, the control he exerted over himself.
His sudden release left her feeling lost once more, but the feelings of hurt and confusion weren't as consuming or as unbearable as before. He had healed something inside her; somehow his touch had put back some pieces of her broken soul.
For a moment something dark shifted behind his intense gaze. He rose with a grace that was breathtaking and staggering. Staring down at her, he was unable to suppress the small tremor racing through him, a tremor that warmed her heart. It was apparent that she affected him just as much as he affected her, and he hadn't even had the same dream that she'd experienced last night. He stretched his hand with a hopeful expression on his face that tugged at her heart.
She took note of the perfection of his fine boned, strong fingers. Heaving her bag onto her shoulder, she took a deep breath as she decided to throw her life over to fate. There was no stopping it after all. Sliding her hand into his, she clasped hold of it, surprised to note his slightly cooler skin.
Devon would keep her safe, keep her protected from the darkness of the world; she knew that with every fiber of her being. However, given that she wasn't entirely human, she was probably stronger and far more capable of protecting him. Though, with him, she felt entirely human and completely feminine. It was such a welcome change from all the confusion her life brought with it.
"Where to?" His deep voice sent a shiver of delight down her spine and caused goose bumps to break out on her suddenly oversensitive skin.
The last thing she wanted to do was go to another class, but she couldn't just walk out of school with him. Noise finally broke through her turbulent and uncertain thoughts. She was surprised to find that the next class was already filtering into the classroom. Students glanced questioningly at the two of them as they took their seats. It was past time for them to get to their next classes. "I have Anatomy and Physiology now."
"Lead the way."
Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to start moving. "What class do you have now?"
He frowned as he dug into the pocket of his jeans and pulled out his rumpled schedule. Though he'd been in school for nearly a week, he apparently hadn't learned it yet. "Study hall."
He almost looked confused as his forehead creased and he frowned at the paper. For a moment it appeared as if he didn't know what study hall was, but that was impossible, every student knew what study hall was. Didn't they? "That's probably in the library, but some are held in classrooms," she told him.
"Library."
"Would you like me to take you there?" she asked, certain that his confused expression was because he didn't know where to go.
A cute smile curved his full mouth that melted her heart. He appeared so much younger and more approachable when he smiled like that. She'd thought that he was gorgeous before, but when he smiled, he was magnificent. It took all she had not to stroke his face, not to bury herself against him, hold him close and shut out the rest of the world.
"Trying to get rid of me already?" he teased.
Cassie couldn't stop herself from grinning back at him. "No," she answered honestly. "I just don't want you to get lost."
He shoved the schedule back in his pocket. "I've found you, how could I be lost?"
Cassie blinked in surprise. If anyone else had said that to her, she probably would have laughed in their face and blown them off as corny. Coming from him, it was the sweetest thing she'd ever heard, and though it sounded like a pickup line, his tone rang with sincerity. She realized that if she had been the one to say it to him, she would have meant it too. His presence alone had helped to fill the holes inside her, and his physical touch was like aloe on sunburn. She had never believed in love at first sight, never believed in soul mates, but maybe, somehow, her body and her spirit had known that he was out there and had been waiting for him.
He was staring down at her, his emerald eyes stormy and intense. He was waiting for her to say something, waiting for her reaction. Cassie couldn't find the right words though; she could only manage a reassuring smile.
The tension eased from him. His eyes crinkled with the smile that lit his striking features. Cassie couldn't stop herself from grinning back at him. "I'll be fine; the library was one of the first things Melissa showed me the other day." He easily replied, as if what he had just said to her hadn't left her as shaken as a baby's rattle.
Swallowing heavily, Cassie tried to calm the turmoil racing through her. If it had been just a pick up line, she didn't want him to know that he'd just caught her hook, line, and sinker. "Of course it was."
They arrived at her class much faster than she would have liked. "I'll see you soon." He seemed to try and memorize every detail of her as he scanned her face.
Cassie didn't fully trust herself to speak. Part of her felt like crying, which was completely crazy, she would see him again soon. She hoped. He took a step closer, and for a moment she was certain that he was going to kiss her. She held her breath in anticipation, her entire body clamored for the feel of his lips against hers.
Instead, he squeezed her hand briefly and released it quickly. Cassie felt the loss of his touch as acutely as a knife to her heart. She couldn't move as he slipped away and disappeared into the crowd.


CHAPTER 9
Devon folded his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall as he waited impatiently for the bell to ring. He'd tried to sit through the whole study hall thing, but he didn't understand what he was supposed to be doing, or why he even had the class. Then again, he didn't understand any of this high school stuff. They were like rats in a maze, going through the same thing day after day.
He supposed education was a good thing; he simply had no use for it. Maybe if he was a human in this day and age he might find it useful, but he wasn't. When he'd been human, he'd had schooling because he'd been a member of the aristocracy, and it was expected of him. Even before he died, he'd seen no reason to continue with his education as he'd discovered better ways to spend his time with gambling and women. What he didn't have he simply took with no regard for the person he took it from. Death hadn't lessened that trait but only made it far worse. It was not a fact he was proud of, it was just a fact that he had to live with, and try to atone for every day of his lonely existence.
Just as he'd already suspected, his dreams had been nothing compared to the reality of her. Her skin was even softer and warmer, her hand even more delicate and supple. Though he knew where his intense urge to possess her might be coming from, he was still unwilling to explore that possibility yet. There was still a chance that he could walk away from her. Her safety was number one as far as he was concerned, and she could never be truly safe with him in her life. It was essential he be able to walk away, but if what he suspected was true, there was a good possibility that he may not be able to.
He'd meant what he'd said to her earlier, he was not lost when she was near. When he was around her, he didn't feel adrift in a world where he wasn't welcome among humans or vampires. If staying here, and torturing himself in high school was the only way to be close to her, then he was going to suffer through the classes like everyone else.
He shifted as the discomfort in his veins increased. He should have fed before he came here today, but he hadn't realized how arduous it would be to keep control around her outside of their dream. The burning in his veins had kicked into hyper drive the minute his skin brushed against hers. The sweet scent of her blood had slammed into him, causing his mouth to water and his body to burn with hunger. It had taken every bit of self restraint he had not to pull her against him, sink his teeth into her delicate white throat, and drain the delicious blood that flowed through her veins.
He hadn't touched a drop of human blood in a hundred and thirty seven years, and until that moment he'd never felt the craving so acutely. He'd never had his control nearly shattered, never nearly cracked and drained a person simply from touching them. However, as much as she rattled his firm restraint, she also had an odd calming effect on him. His baser instincts were held at bay when her delicate fingers curled around his. Touching her had locked the demon inside him back in its cage; it had calmed his raging urge to drain the blood from her even more than it had enticed it. Whatever spell she had cast over him had him completely ensnared.
The annoying bell rang suddenly, its sound was exceptionally piercing to his sensitive ears, but it was a welcome distraction from his disconcerting thoughts. Stepping away from the wall, his arms fell back to his sides as he eagerly waited for her to emerge from the class. Doors were flung open around him, chatter spilled into the halls as students emerged. He was barely aware of the humans as they filtered around him, the boys instinctively left a larger gap then they would with anyone else. The girls drifted closer, "accidentally" bumping into him, and giggling flirtatiously.
He ignored them as his attention fixed on the people filing out of Cassie's class. He could smell her and feel the beat of her delicate heart. She appeared in the doorway, her mouth parted, and her step faltered as she spotted him. The small redhead that had been speaking to her broke off abruptly and her brown eyes widened in surprise.
He didn't think about what he was doing as he instinctively held out his hand, relief filled him as her fine boned fingers slid into his. The beast inside of him stilled instantly. The burning in his veins lessened as her presence calmed his edgy instincts. He couldn't separate from her again. If he did, he wouldn't make it through the rest of this day.
"Um yeah, I'll talk to you later Cass."
Cassie glanced at the redhead and gave her a brief nod before turning her full attention back to him. "You got here quick."
He shrugged. "I don't really see the point of study hall."
The sound of her laugh was beautiful and sweet, like the gentle ring of wind chimes. At that moment, he knew that he would do everything in his power to make her laugh as often as possible. Her eyes twinkled merrily as her laughter broke off, but she continued to smile at him as they made their way down the hall.
"Most people look forward to study hall; it's their favorite time of day, other than lunch of course," she informed him.
"I don't see why, there's nothing to do."
"That's exactly why."
Devon shook his head as he realized that he would never understand teenage humans. There was no pleasure in doing nothing, it drove him crazy. "I see," he said, even though he didn't.
Her smile slid away as she looked at him questioningly. "Didn't they have study hall at your old school?"
"Of course," he lied smoothly, sensing that to do anything else would seem odd. "I didn't see the point of it then either."
She smiled again, and shook back a strand of golden hair that slid into one of her eyes. Without thinking, he brushed the hair aside. She froze, her breath caught in her chest, as his fingers lingered on her skin. He found he couldn't take his hand away as he caressed the delicate contours of her face. He recalled touching her like this last night but it was nothing, nothing compared to this. She didn't move, didn't even breathe as she watched him in fascinated awe. In her gaze he could see her own recollection of the dream. Her heartbeat kicked up, her pulse pounded loudly through her veins..
"Cassie!"
His hand fell away as Chris's prickly voice broke the odd spell holding them both hostage. He took a step closer to her, a wave of possessiveness tore through him as Chris appeared at her side. Chris's blue eyes narrowed as he met Devon's gaze and his shoulders stiffened. "Hi Chris," she greeted.
"Did you do the homework?"
Cassie rolled her eyes. "Yes, but there's not enough time for you to copy it."
"I was just checking to make sure you had done it."
Cassie's forehead furrowed in confusion as she frowned at Chris. Devon was nowhere near as confused as Chris shot him a dark look. Though Melissa felt that they were more like siblings, Devon was beginning to believe that Chris's feelings were not so platonic, and Chris didn't like the competition that Devon threw into the mix.
Devon didn't particularly care what Chris thought. Cassie was going to be his no matter what. His shoulder brushed against hers as he took another step closer. "Are you going to English now?" he asked harshly.
"Of course, I'll see you there." Though it had been a clear dismissal, Chris hung around for a few seconds more. He glanced briefly at Cassie before turning on his heel and disappearing into the thick throng of students. She turned back to Devon, confusion still evident in her features. "Ready for class?"
He fought back a groan, he wasn't ready at all. He wanted to stay here, with her, but he was in her world now, and unfortunately he had to obey the rules that came with it. Even if the rules sucked. The only good thing was they had the same class now.
He followed her down the hall, taking note of the people surrounding him for the first time, or at least taking note of the boys. Many of them didn't acknowledge his presence as they watched her go by. His temper bristled at the obvious lust behind their stares. They didn't care about his presence, every one of them would easily ignore him if they thought they had a chance to talk to her.
It was a fact he didn't like, but would remedy very shortly. Following her into a classroom, he reluctantly released her hand when he slid into the desk next to her. He'd been assigned a seat a few desks away from her, but he wasn't going to sit there today. Though he couldn't touch her, he wasn't moving any further away from her than this.
Chris and Melissa entered the room with their heads bent close together as they talked quietly. Chris grew quiet as his eyes darted toward him and Cassie. Melissa quirked a dark eyebrow, a smile flitted across her mouth. She gave Devon a brief nod before sliding into the seat in front of Cassie. Chris sat next to Melissa. The boy who had been assigned Devon's seat hesitated for a moment, and looked as if he was going to argue with the new arrangement. Instead, he wisely closed his mouth and resigned himself to Devon's abandoned seat.
Cassie ducked her head and chuckled faintly. Unable to resist her anymore, he leaned across the aisle and took her hand. He was acutely aware of the fact that she had stopped breathing and was watching him in wide eyed wonder. She clung to him with a desperation that he recognized instantly, as it resided inside of him also.
The teacher breezed into the classroom, dropped her books on her desk, and turned toward the chalkboard. Though she hadn't noticed them yet, it was only a matter of time before she did. He reluctantly released Cassie's hand.
Though they were separated, he kept his hearing attuned to every beat of Cassie's heart. He was well aware of the delicious scent that wafted from her skin and hair. His mouth started to water as the burning in his veins intensified. For a moment it took all he had not to grab hold of her and taste her. The temptation was almost more than he could handle. Clenching his teeth, and fists, he forced himself to stay calm.
He was beside her again the moment the bell rang. Her touch relieved the aching tension coiled within him as her smile warmed him. "Would you like to show me all of the town hotspots tonight?" he teased, unable to stop himself from grinning at her like a fool as they made their way outside.
Her laugh was enchanting. "Well you've already seen the number one spot, B's and S's."
"Yes, and it was amazing."
"Well, their shakes definitely are. I'd be happy to show you around town though."
"That sounds great."
Her long lashes lowered shyly over her eyes, a dull flush stained her cheeks. "Great, I'll uh… oh crap." The smile slid from her face as her forehead creased. "I forgot, I can't tonight, there's something that I have to do."
He tried to contain his disappointment as she stopped walking and turned to face him. Students milled past them, eager to get to their cars and escape the crowded parking lot. "Tomorrow night then?"
Her smile returned, but her eyes remained oddly troubled and distant. "I would like that."
Though she said yes, he sensed something behind the words, disappointment maybe? Anguish?
"Cassie come on, let's go!"
She glanced over her shoulder to where Chris was leaning out of his car with his arm resting on the driver's door. Melissa was by the passenger door, her dark eyes narrowed as she studied them. "I have to go."
"I'll see you tomorrow then," he said though he knew he would see her before then.
He didn't understand what was going on with her, but she seemed to be releasing him for good. He was not going to let her go. Not now, not after he'd finally broken through some of her barriers.
"Yes, you will."
She gave him a wan smile before turning and hurrying away. Briefly glancing back she hesitated for a moment, seemingly torn, before joining her friends and slipping into the beat up Mustang. Melissa and Chris watched him for a moment more, their eyes intense and a little unnerving. There was something strange about those two, something that he couldn't quite put his finger on.
He wracked his brain for what it was about Chris and Melissa that plagued him as they pulled out of the parking lot. Deciding to put it aside for now, he headed to where he had parked his car. A group of students had gathered around it, most of them were female. He nodded and briefly returned their greetings, but barely paid them any attention as he hit the unlock button on his remote. The car beeped in response and the locks popped open.
"Devon! Devon!"
He turned as Marcy hurried up to him, smiling cheerfully as she adjusted her books in her arms. "Marcy," he greeted tonelessly.
She chose to ignore his cool greeting as she touched his arm lightly. He moved away from her grasp. "I was hoping you would give me a ride home."
He frowned at her, his eyes shot back toward the Mustang that was stuck in traffic at the entranceway of the school. He knew Marcy was angling to be seen pulling out of this parking lot with him. Though he was new to high school, he had quickly learned how fast rumors spread through the small social network. He wasn't going to have those rumors circulating about him. Not now that Cassie was finally acknowledging his existence.
"What's the matter with your car?"
She frowned at him as her eyes darkened. It was apparent she hadn't expected any kind of hesitance on his part. "Well I usually ride with Kara, but her car isn't starting."
Devon moved even further away from her. He knew his affect on women, but there were some that were drawn to him even more than others. Marcy appeared to be one of those girls. It wouldn't end well if he let her pursuit of him continue.
"I'm sorry Marcy, but there's something I must do. I'm sure one of your other friends could give you a ride." It wasn't a lie; he still had to find a place to stay. He was tired of hotel rooms and floating about. He hadn't had any intention of remaining when he first arrived in this town, now he had no intention of leaving.
Marcy turned briefly, and glanced at the Mustang now at the front of the line. "I saw you speaking with Cassie."
Devon's hand slid away from the door handle. Even if he'd been human, he never could have missed the hostility in her tone, or her gaze. "So?"
She chose to ignore the warning in his tone as her gaze slid back to him. "It would probably be best if you stayed away from her."
"And why is that?" he grated through clenched teeth.
Marcy shrugged as she plastered a falsely sweet smile on her face. "You could do better."
"Like you?"
"Well, you never know." She lowered her eyelashes flirtatiously. "If you play your cards right."
Devon stepped closer to her and bent down to make sure that his words weren't overheard by the group surrounding them. "That is never going to happen Marcy. I'm sorry, but I have no interest in you."
She gazed up at him, her eyes wide with surprise before they sparked with fury. He decided that was his cue to leave, before she lost her composure completely. Swinging his car door open, he swiftly slipped inside and cranked the engine to leave.


CHAPTER 10
Cassie's feet dragged across the sidewalk as she walked beside Chris. It used to be after a night of training that she would feel invigorated and pumped. Tonight, she felt bone weary and beaten. Though the night off had been helpful, she was still unable to concentrate on any moves, could not throw a stake, or even defend the blows that Chris and Melissa swung at her. She'd been the best of the three of them in training and fighting, but now she looked like a floundering newbie. She was just grateful it hadn't been a real fight, or she would be dead right now.
Luther was still frustrated with her lack of concentration, and ability, but his irritation was nothing compared to hers. Her entire body ached, but not from the beating she had taken tonight. She ached for Devon. It was a physical pain that had gone deeper than her skin; it had imbedded itself into the marrow of her bones and taken hold of her soul.
She was certain she would never be free of him again.
Confusion and fear tore through her at the thought. Since the day she met Luther and her life changed forever, she'd tried to focus on four simple things: family, school, training, and hunting. It was her focus on those things that kept her sane and didn't give her time to dwell on things that would never be. She had no dreams of college, and she had stopped daydreaming years ago of anything that remotely resembled marriage or a family.
Now she couldn't stop thinking about the future she would never have. Before Devon, she'd never given much thought to tomorrow. She simply lived day to day, moment to moment; she never knew when any given moment might be her last. He'd made her forget all of that, and it had shaken her entire world. Hope could be dangerous, it only led to disappointment and hurt. She was so tired of being hurt; it was much easier to build walls and mentally hide herself from the rest of the world.
Somehow he had managed to tear those walls down, and she knew that she couldn't keep him out. She couldn't allow herself to look too far into the future, not past tomorrow at least. It would be too painful when she lost him, and she would lose him, just as she had lost so many things that mattered to her.
There were already plans for them to leave after graduation. Though Cape Cod received its fair share of vampires, thanks to the tourist season, there were other places that had a much higher concentration. On average they only killed ten vampires a year, mostly in the summer months. Though last year it had been fifteen, and this year they were on track to beat that record.
Luther believed that after graduation they would be trained well enough to go where they were needed more, to offer their help and protection somewhere else. Cassie didn't think much about it, she would like to graduate, but she didn't plan for it. Neither did she panic at the thought of leaving the only town she'd spent most of her time in and had come to think of as home. She would worry about it when the day came, not a minute sooner.
Shuddering deeper into her windbreaker, she wrapped her arms around herself. Though it wasn't a cold night, there was a chill deep in her bones. The clicking of the tree branches and the low rustle of the leaves did nothing to help relieve her melancholy mood. "Are you ok?" Chris asked.
Cassie glanced up at him, surprised by the apprehension she saw in his eyes. "I'm fine, why?"
He shook his hair back. "You've been out of it for awhile Cass, ungraceful, ill coordinated…"
"Thanks for the vote of confidence," she muttered.
"I'm just saying." He shrugged his shoulders and shoved his hands into his pockets. "You've been off, which is very unusual."
"I've got a lot on my mind."
"Hmm." They briefly stepped into the spill of streetlights as they crossed the street. The rustle of a coyote in the woods caught Cassie's attention. It slunk through the shadows, staying low to the ground as it hunted a small rabbit. Cassie shuddered, an ominous feeling descended upon her. She knew how the rabbit felt because she also felt trapped with no way out. "Is this because of Devon?"
Cassie jerked herself out of her own thoughts as she turned her head and met Chris's shrewd gaze. She should have known he would notice her strange reaction to Devon. Even if he wasn't using his ability, he didn't miss much. Guilt tugged at her, she'd never kept anything from Chris before, but she didn't want to talk about this now. These feelings were new to her, private and fragile, and confusing.
Shrugging absently, Cassie brushed back a straggling piece of hair. "I do have other things on my mind, besides a boy."
"Usually yes, lately no. You really like him?"
Cassie was silent, her eyes focused on her sneakers as they moved along. She wasn't sure how to answer that question just yet. Yes, she really liked Devon, but it was more than just like. She had never felt this drawn to someone before. It was something almost instinctive. She couldn't say that it was love because she hardly knew him, but he touched something deep within her that she even never knew existed until he came along.
"Yes," she finally admitted. "I suppose you could say that I like him."
Chris was thoughtful for a few moments before he heaved a sigh. "I can sense that he likes you too."
Cassie perked up. "Really?"
He nudged her shoulder with his. "Of course, who wouldn't?" he teased.
"Chris," she groaned.
His kidding demeanor vanished. "He definitely feels something for you."
"Do you sense something wrong with him?" she asked tremulously.
He glanced at her in surprise. "Are you actually asking about what I sense from someone, again?"
A dull blush stained her cheeks as she glanced away quickly. She wouldn't want other people knowing about her life if they had access to two such gifted people, she felt they deserved the same right. If Chris sensed any menace in a person he would share it with them.
Her shoulders drooped as she shook her head. She couldn't invade Devon's privacy in such a way. Chris casually draped an arm around her shoulders. "I didn't sense anything bad in him, just something different."
Cassie's curiosity was peaked as she glanced up at him. "Different how?"
"I don't know." He frowned as he thought carefully before answering. "There's a strange sort of darkness inside him."
Cassie's hands clenched on her arms, she pondered Chris's odd choice of words. "What kind of darkness?"
"I don't know, not an evil one, maybe its loneliness or grief. There's no ill will in him toward you, of that I'm sure."
Cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip. "But toward others?"
"No, I don't think so. Why don't you ask Melissa if she has seen anything?" Cassie shook her head. Inquiring into what Melissa may know was a perilous path to tread. "You never ask her about anything she sees. Why is that?" She shrugged, unwilling to get into it with him. "Is it because you don't believe you have a future?"
Cassie shot him a sharp glance. "Did you read me?" she demanded.
Chris recoiled as he shook his head. "Of course not Cass, I wouldn't do that to you. Besides, you know that it doesn't work like that. I can't tell what people are thinking, just what they feel, and who they are. I don't have to read you to know that you've shut down since we found out what we are."
"I have not, I…"
Chris held up a silencing hand. "You go through the motions of living, but you don't truly live anymore. We've always been together Cass, I know the girl you used to be, and you locked that girl away the day that Luther and Melissa walked into our lives."
Cassie looked over the shadowed streets. She saw nothing out there; no distraction from Chris's probing questions and keen insight. She thought she'd hidden herself well behind her wall. Apparently she hadn't. "Do you think you have a future?" she inquired.
He looked sad and lost as he studied her face. "It may not be as long as I'd once hoped, but yes, I think I have a future. I often think about marriage and kids, and maybe one day I might retire and spend my days fishing."
Cassie huffed as she smiled at him. "You hate fishing."
"Not the point."
"I know," she relented.
"But you don't think of those things, do you?"
"No," she admitted reluctantly. "I don't."
"You should. Look at your grandmother, she's a Hunter and she's still alive."
"She's the only one that has lived past fifty. Most of us don't make it to twenty, and those that do usually die before they're thirty. I know some of our history too Chris, my grandmother is an oddity."
"There's the optimistic Cassie I love," he teased. She was a little wounded by his comment, but she knew he was right. She was far too pessimistic most of the time. "But seriously, Luther thinks you're one of the best Hunters ever. I'm sure that will extend your lifespan."
"Yeah, you're probably right," she agreed just to get him to stop talking about it, but she was not fooled into thinking he believed her.
His arm remained around her shoulders as they walked on. "Just be careful ok." At her questioning glance he expanded further. "I don't want you to get hurt by him."
She bristled over the fact that he didn't think she could take care of herself. "I won't get hurt."
Chris shook back his shaggy hair. "You don't have much experience with guys so just take it slow."
She shot him a haughty look. "I have dated before Chris."
He annoyingly grinned down at her, his arm slid forward to drop around her neck as he hugged her against his chest for a brief moment. "Yeah, but you've never really noticed guys before…"
"Of course I have," she interrupted.
"Not like this. You've paid attention to them before, the same attention you would give a puppy, but you've never really noticed them."
Cassie's nose wrinkled at his analogy. She didn't treat boys like puppies, and of course she had noticed them before, she just hadn't felt anything for them. Not like she felt for Devon, nothing even close to that.
"Not like you notice him," Chris continued.
Cassie was pulled back as Chris stopped walking. His arm fell from around her as his intense sapphire eyes burned into hers. Cassie shifted uncomfortably, she and Chris shared everything, but this was a topic that had never come up before, and she'd never seen him this concerned. "Chris…"
He held up a hand to fend off her words. "I have to pull the older brother caring bit, even if I'm not your brother." Though he smiled, it didn't reach his eyes. "I would expect you to do the same."
She playfully punched him in the shoulder. "But you notice all the girls," she reminded him.
Chuckling softly, he draped his arm back around her shoulders and pulled her forward. "That I do, that I do. You are going to have to pay more attention in training, and especially in the field."
"I will. I won't ever let anything happen to you or Melissa."
He grinned at her. "Of course you won't, but you better not let anything happen to you either."
"I won't," she told him, knowing that it was a promise she couldn't keep. Anything could happen to them.
They walked the rest of the way without speaking. Music drifted from Chris's house, the sound was muffled by the loud laughter coming from inside. Chris groaned in disgust as his arm fell away from her shoulders. "I'll have grandma make you a plate," Cassie told him.
He gave her a tired nod before making his way toward his front door. Cassie was dismayed by the sad, weary slump of his shoulders. No matter what life threw at him, Chris retained hope. She wished that she could be the same way, and that she could have the inner strength Chris and Melissa possessed. She may be the strongest fighter, but she was by far the emotionally weakest of the three of them.
Shrill yells rang from Chris's house as his mother started screaming at him for some unknown offense. Cassie winced as the shouts propelled her faster toward her house. She wanted to get his plate ready, the mattress out, and the baseball game on before he arrived. It would be another wordless night, but she felt they both needed one after today.
Running up her steps, she froze at the edge of the stoop as the hairs on the nape of her neck stood up. Her hand on the knob, Cassie turned to survey the darkened night. She could see a hawk in its nest, and a fox at the edge of the woods, but she saw nothing abnormal amongst the tree cover. Yet she couldn't shake the unsettling feeling that something or someone was watching her. It was the exact same feeling she had the other night.
Though she sensed no hostility from the presence out there, she still hurried into the house. She was eager to escape the eyes she couldn't see, but knew were there.
***
Cassie's pulse rate picked up as she watched the Challenger drive by. She waited breathlessly, her hands on the hood of Chris's mustang as the Challenger pulled into a spot three cars away.
The door opened and Devon gracefully slid from behind the wheel. Though his eyes were covered by dark sunglasses, she knew the moment that they locked with hers. The constriction in her lungs eased and she was finally able to draw her first easy breath since they had parted ways yesterday. Closing the car door, he ignored the curious glances of the other students as he began to make his way toward her.
She was almost overwhelmed with the strange urge to cry tears of joy and relief. Everything was better now; the hope was back, the world was finally right again. There was no hesitancy as he took hold of her hand and covered it with both of his. The smile that lit his face revealed his perfect white teeth, and two small dimples she hadn't noticed before. Her heart lurched as she took an instinctive step closer to him. Chris studied them with a worried frown; his eyes were focused on Devon. Melissa stood beside him, a small, knowing smile on her face.
That smile caused Cassie's heart to plummet. The sudden, awful realization that Melissa had received a premonition about Devon sent a chill racing through her blood. She didn't want to be the object of Melissa's prophecies, nor did she want Devon to be a part of them.
The last thing that she wanted was for him to be injured because he had become a part of her life. Her selfishness not only put the three of them at risk, but could also get him killed. Her life was hazardous; no ordinary human could survive it. The chill inside her grew; her body became hollow as the hope inside her curdled like three month old milk. She couldn't risk dragging him into this world with her, it wasn't fair to him.
Melissa turned toward her with a curious look. Though she didn't possess Chris's ability, Melissa's insight into a person was uncanny and she didn't miss a thing. Cassie hadn't realized she'd been holding her breath and inhaled loudly as she drew air into her denied, burning lungs. Her clenched fingers began to throb, and she realized that she was holding Devon's hand so firmly that her nails had dug into his palm.
She eased her grip, but she wasn't ready to let go of him. She could feel his curious gaze upon her, but she couldn't look in the eyes. She was scared she would start to cry and never stop if she did.
Feeling like a wooden marionette, she followed as they filtered into the school.


CHAPTER 11
Cassie escaped from the school the first chance she got. Bursting free of the large brick building, she sprinted across the baseball field and into the woods. Her lungs began to burn, but she kept going, leaping over fallen logs, dodging branches, and other hazards with the easy grace that those of her kind possessed.
Her kind, she thought bitterly. Being one of her kind had been anything but kind to her It had robbed her and Melissa of their parents, taken Chris's father from him and destroyed his mother.
When Luther had found them, the revelation of how their parents had died had been a shattering blow to both her and Chris. It was disheartening to learn that it hadn't been an accident that had taken their families from them, but a calculated mission to destroy their loved ones. A slew of vampires had banded together to seek out the Hunter line and viciously slaughter as many of them as they could find.
What was she thinking to expose Devon to such a life? Though it had been awhile, they were all still fearful that the vampires would discover them and finish what they started sixteen years ago with The Slaughter. She had no right to risk Devon's life; no right to inadvertently put him in danger. Though she barely knew him, she knew that it would destroy her to lose him because of her selfishness.
Cassie dashed past some briar patches, not even noticing when she scratched her arm and began to bleed. Though it was impossible, she continued to try and outrun everything that she was, and everything that she had become. She didn't recognize the person she was now, as it was far different then the hopeful, innocent girl she'd been just four short years ago. That girl had dreamed big and loved every moment of her easy going, fun filled life. The person she was now wore her skin, but it wasn't her.
Pushing herself harder, she attempted to outrun the twisting sorrow that wrenched at her heart, and shredded her insides. Stumbling out of the woods, her feet hit sand as she arrived at the beach. Her lungs burned and her legs were beginning to tremble, but she kept going, too frightened to stop. If she stopped she would have to think, and if she thought, she didn't know if she could survive it.
Her feet slipped out from under her. With a low cry, her knees hit the sand, her fingers slipped into its grainy depths and dug beneath the surface. It was cool to the touch, wet from the incoming tide as it lapped against the shore. Her shoulders trembled as she labored for air. Tears finally slipped free and spilled onto the beach as sobs shook her body and soul.
She couldn't move, she could barely breathe as agony twisted through her gut. She sobbed for all of the unfairness in the world, and all the loss and pain she'd experienced. She sobbed for the parents she couldn't remember, and had never cried for before. She sobbed for Devon, who had come to mean so much to her in such a short amount of time, and whom she feared she would have to let go of. Once her tears began to flow, she couldn't stop.
Memories rolled forth, old wounds were sliced open. She recalled her early years, years spent on the run and moving constantly. Though she and Chris had been too young to understand the reason behind the constant moving, it had been stressful and lonely for them. Chris's mother had fled with them to Cassie's grandmother in Florida, and from there they had moved to Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma, Vermont, Pennsylvania, New York, Maine, and had finally settled on the Cape after six years of constant moving.
She and Chris had never known that they were moving to avoid being hunted by the same monsters that had murdered their parents, until Luther arrived. Up until that point, they'd had six blessed years of peace, and had actually been able to make friends outside of each other. Though she hated the fate that Luther had handed them, she did take some joy in avenging her parent's deaths by ridding the world of the monsters that walked on it.
Cassie rested her hands on her knees as her tears gradually subsided and the ebb and flow of the sea drew her attention. A soothing calm settled over her and the ocean breeze dried her tears. She was surprised at how much better she felt after allowing herself a good cry. She hated the path that fate had laid out for her, but there were many people who had it far worse than she did.
She had been given the ability to destroy some of the evil in the world, given the ability to help people; she should start to consider it a gift, not a punishment. Though she'd lost a lot because of what she was, to continue to fight against her destiny would only destroy her. She had to make a choice, either accept her fate, or continue to live in misery for whatever short time she had left.
Staring mutely at the ocean, the strength within her began to grow. It slipped out to her limbs and dried the remaining tears on her face. Her parents had died to keep her safe, had died to protect her, and the world. She couldn't continue to fight against the legacy they had left her. It was a disgrace to everything they had tried to accomplish.
For the first time in four years there was serenity inside her, a sense of true tranquility. By finally beginning to accept what she was, her path seemed to swiftly unfold and wasn't as broken and fractured as she'd previously believed.
A car door slammed, Chris and Melissa appeared at the top of a sand dune. Chris's face was strained and pale; Melissa appeared aggravated as she placed her hands on her hips. Cassie turned her attention back to the deep blue sea. Dark clouds loomed on the horizon, but it would be awhile before the storm hit.
"What are you doing?" Melissa demanded as her black flip flops appeared next to Cassie.
Cassie didn't look up at her as she pat the sand at her side for Melissa to sit. "Thinking."
"Thinking will get you in trouble," Chris remarked, trying to sound cheerful, but the tension in his voice betrayed him.
"Are you ok?" Melissa inquired.
Cassie glanced at Melissa as she settled beside her and pulled her legs up Indian style. "Yes, better actually."
"You've been crying."
"I have."
"I've never seen you cry." Chris knelt beside her, his eyes troubled as he scanned her face. "Never."
Cassie gave him a reassuring smile and gently squeezed his hand. "Once I started I couldn't stop," she admitted. "But I feel better now, different somehow, stronger and more at peace. It's weird, but it's ok."
He nodded, but his eyes were still troubled as he searched her face. "Tears can be soothing." Melissa rested her hand on Cassie's arm. "Are you sure that you're alright?"
"Yes. You've had a premonition about Devon?" It was a question but came out more as a statement.
Melissa blinked in surprise, the pupils of her dark eyes dilated subtly. "Do you really want to know?" When Cassie nodded, she continued on. "Yes, I had a vision about him arriving here; I knew he would touch something within you. I just didn't know when, or how deeply, he would touch you."
Cassie focused on the ocean as the tide rolled steadily in. Her mind clicked along, recalling the night when she'd first seen Devon at B's and S's. "When you said that it was "about time" that first night he arrived, you weren't talking about time to leave were you?"
Melissa gave her a small smile as she shook her head. "I've been waiting over a year for him to arrive."
Cassie and Chris both frowned at her. "Why were you waiting for him to arrive?" Cassie demanded.
"To wake you up of course." She grinned at Cassie as she leaned against her side. "I knew that he would shake you up and make you come alive again."
Cassie stared at her in surprise as confusion flowed through her. "Well, that he did," Cassie whispered. "I think I have to give him up."
"Cassie…"
She shook her head sternly. "It's too risky for all of us, for him. I can't bring him into this life, can't put him, or us, into that situation. I've been distracted but luckily it has only been in training. If I'm distracted in the field I could get us all killed. This is our fate, our heritage; he can't be a part of it."
"There was a reason that I saw him coming Cassie, and I think that it was more than just to wake you up," Melissa said.
Cassie turned toward her as she fought back the tears that threatened to fall again. "What then?" she whispered.
Melissa's black eyebrows drew together. "Unfortunately I only catch glimpses of the future, not the whole plan Cass. I don't know why it's important for him to be here, but it is. I believe that it is very important for him to be in your life."
Cassie squelched the hope that had momentarily bloomed in her chest. "So you think that I shouldn't push him away?"
Melissa's face was composed in thought. "He's only been in your life for a week and already you're happier than I've seen you in years. You need that, we want that for you. We'll find a way to keep him safe Cass. The three of us can do anything together. Give it some time; you don't have to have all the answers right now. You should just focus on being happy."
"And if something does happen to him?"
"We won't let it," Chris vowed.
Cassie fought back the tears of gratitude and love that filled her eyes. She was so very lucky to have the two of them in her life. "Should I tell him what we are? Shouldn't I give him the choice to walk away?" she whispered.
Chris stiffened as her question touched a very sore spot in him. His mother had never known about his father. She'd been human, and Chris's father had thought it best not to tell her what he was, and the threat that he faced every day. Mary had simply thought that Chris's father was working a second job at night in order to support his wife, and young son.
The harsh truth hadn't been revealed to Mary until the night she'd fled with Chris and Cassie. Over the years, whether due to the fact that she'd lost her husband and worried about losing her son, or to the fact that she couldn't handle the reality of everything she knew, Mary had retreated further and further into an alcohol induced stupor. She'd also retreated further and further away from Chris.
"You know my feelings on that," Chris told her.
Yes, she knew that Chris would never keep such a secret from someone he loved. Chris felt that Mary's resentment at being lied to, and cheated of the dreams she'd possessed, were what had made her the cruel drunk she was now. He was probably right, but Cassie wasn't in love, she couldn't be in such a short amount of time.
"I think that you should tell him one day, but maybe you should get to know him a little better first." Melissa released her grip on Cassie's arm to clamp back her hair that was beginning to whip in the wind.
"But I do know him," Cassie murmured. "I know that sounds crazy, and if it were one of you telling me this, I would be suspicious too. I know him in a way that I never thought I could know anyone. It's so strange, so different…"
Cassie broke off, unable to put into words exactly what it was she felt for him. It was impossible to explain it to them, when she couldn't even explain it to herself. "I understand that Cass, but I think it's too soon. I think that you should wait a little bit."
"Or until you find out how the hell he can afford such a kick ass car," Chris muttered.
Cassie rolled her eyes, but she had to admit she had wondered the same thing. As much as she felt she knew Devon, there was still a lot that she didn't know. Nodding agreement, she took hold of both of their hands. "When you guys are ready for me to tell him, I will."
Their tension eased as their hands relaxed in hers. She understood their concerns about telling Devon, they didn't know him, or how deeply she felt about him. It was their secret, and their lives too, and it would also have to be their choice.
Cassie turned back to the ocean, her questions and doubts still twisted in her stomach, but she doubted that all of the answers would come to her at that moment. They sat together wordlessly until the tide washed in on their feet, and the sky started to rumble. Cassie was too comfortable to move as she found solace in their presence.
"It's going to pour," Chris said. "We should go."
Cassie didn't relish the idea of moving, but she knew they had to. The sky was about ready to split open and release a torrent of rain on them. She climbed to her feet and wiped the sand off her legs and butt. She followed behind as they made their way over the dunes to the parking lot.
"How did you know I was here?" she asked.
"I had a glimpse," Melissa answered.
'Of course she did,' Cassie thought as she tried not to roll her eyes. She may have discovered a new inner strength and tranquility, but she still didn't like the idea of Melissa knowing her future, or her whereabouts.
Cassie arrived at the car as the wind picked up. She tried to keep her hair out of her face as she grasped the handle on the passenger side door. The hair suddenly stood up on the nape of her neck, the blood in her veins turned to ice as a chill swept down her spine.
Lifting her gaze, she scanned the empty parking lot. Sand and scraps of garbage blew across the numerous parking spaces. Past the parking lot, scraggly trees, Rosa rugosa, beach grass, and sand dunes spotted with scraggly bayberry rolled forth. Though there were few places to hide, she knew that there was someone out there, something watching them. However, this feeling of being watched wasn't like the one she'd had last night. This feeling was something evil, something wrong.
Cassie glanced at Chris and Melissa. They were both frozen with their gazes locked on the area she had been searching. "You feel that?" She had to pitch her voice above the rising crescendo of the wind.
They both nodded. "There is something out there," Melissa answered as her nostrils flared.
"And it's not good," Chris agreed.
"Should we go look?" Cassie inquired.
They briefly glanced at her. Thunder shook the sky and rumbled the earth. Lightning blazed across the dark sky as it sizzled to the ground with a loud pop that caused goose bumps to break out on her skin. The air was heavy with the scent of ozone as the sky split open and a deluge of rain fell upon them.
Cassie ducked into the car, already soaked as she slid into the backseat. Her gaze remained riveted to the scraggly woods, but nothing fled from the rain as it pounded loudly on the roof of the car. Chris and Melissa slammed their doors shut, but Chris didn't start the engine. They sat in silence, waiting for whatever it was to reveal itself.
It didn't.
***
The ringing of the doorbell was diminished by the unrelenting rain hitting the windows. Cassie frowned at Chris and Melissa as she uncurled herself from her bed. Chris didn't look up from the rerun of The Deadliest Catch he was engrossed by. "Awesome," he muttered.
Cassie shook her head at him as Melissa rolled her eyes. "Be right back."
Cassie was curious as to who could be at the door as she hurried from her room. Though she was popular at school, it had been a few years since she'd invited anyone over. Plus the school day was still in progress, even if the three of them had opted not to return. Flinging the door open, she froze; her mouth went dry as her heart fluttered in her chest. Devon stood on her doorstep, his wet hair tussled and windblown. He looked heartbreakingly beautiful as drops of rain trailed over the contours of his face. His emerald eyes met hers and a cute smile curved his full mouth.
"Devon." She was surprised that her voice actually worked.
His smile spread enough to reveal his perfect teeth. "Melissa said you went home sick, I thought I'd see how you were feeling."
She swallowed heavily as she tried to regain control of herself, but failed miserably. "I feel a lot better now." It wasn't entirely a lie; she did feel better than she had this morning. "Thank you."
He rested his hand on the doorjamb as he leaned forward. His delicious smell made her weak. "You look well."
Her face blazed with heat as he perused her with a look that caused her toes to curl. "Who is it?" Melissa called as she pounded down the steps. She froze at the bottom of the stairs. "Devon, how are you?" She inquired as she walked over to stand beside Cassie.
"Fine. I just came to make sure Cassie was feeling better."
"Oh, that's really nice of you. Why don't you come in out of the rain?"
Cassie cast a quick, panicked look at Melissa that she chose to ignore. "Cassie?"
She turned back to Devon, knowing that her distress was written all over her face, but she was unable to keep her expression neutral. He was staring at her expectantly. She knew that she looked like an idiot, and a cold hearted jerk for not inviting him in, but she couldn't form a coherent sentence in her shaken brain..
"Yes, of course, come in," she managed in a choked voice as she somehow made her feet move out of his way.
Her heart hammered as he moved with an easy grace into the house, his shoulder brushed hers as he moved past. Her body thrummed like the strings on a plucked guitar. His powerful frame seemed to take up the entire foyer, and her entire world. Fascination seized her as he ran a hand through his damp hair and shook the rain from it. Melissa nudged her, and nodded toward the kitchen in an attempt to make Cassie at least act somewhat normal.
"Would you like something to eat, or drink?" Cassie asked quickly, a little too quickly as she realized she sounded like a complete moron. His close proximity was rattling her to the core.
"No, thank you."
Her gaze flitted to Melissa. She didn't know what to say or do. "Hey, grab me a drink!" Chris shouted down the steps.
"Please!" Melissa yelled back.
"Please!"
"I'll get it." Melissa headed for the kitchen, leaving the two of them alone.
Cassie shifted uncomfortably and nervously fidgeted with the edge of her shirt. "You won't get in trouble for leaving school will you?"
He shrugged absently. "It's worth it to make sure that you're ok."
Cassie hated the heat that flooded her face. "We were uh… just watching TV and hanging out," she managed to stammer out. "Do you want to join us?"
His dimples flashed as his head cocked to the side. "Sure."
His gaze roamed over the house as she led him up the stairs. Her heart pounded loudly in her ears, her throat was dry as excitement and anticipation tore through her in equal waves.
Chris didn't look up as she pushed the door open, his attention was still riveted to the TV. "Who was it?" he muttered as he shoved a handful of chips into his mouth.
Cassie shook her head at him in disbelief. He was like a zombie when TV and food were involved. He didn't even sense a new presence in the room. "It's Devon."
He turned slowly toward them with a potato chip frozen halfway to his mouth. "Hey," he greeted dully.
Devon nodded to him as his gaze ran over Cassie's room. She glanced at her mahogany dresser with its assortment of jewelry boxes, knickknacks, and hair care products. The only thing decorating her cream colored walls was a picture of her parents. It hung above an overstuffed armchair next to the window that Chris often climbed through. On the other side of the window were two large bookcases stuffed full of books neatly organized alphabetically. The nightstand, beside her queen sized sleigh bed, held only an alarm clock.
For the first time she noticed how sparse it was, how much it didn't look like a normal teen's room with all the clutter, posters, and chaos that were usually present. Then again, she was anything but a normal teen. She looked back at him, not at all surprised to find his steady gaze focused on her once more. She couldn't stop the blush burning into the roots of her hair.
"Here you go." Melissa breezed into the room and tossed a can of soda to Chris, who was still staring at Devon in disbelief.
Melissa plopped onto the bed and drew her legs up beneath her. "Do you want to sit?" Cassie asked Devon.
Melissa scooted over on the bed, making room for him as he sat on the edge of it. Cassie's heart fluttered, a strange sensation took over. She'd never had a boy in her room before, unless she counted Chris, which she didn't. Devon was most certainly not a boy, or at least he wasn't like any boy she'd ever known.
"You like this show?" Chris asked Devon.
Devon turned away from her, his forehead furrowed as he watched the ship battling the ferocious weather and sea. "Never seen it."
"Oh man, this show is the best!" Chris said eagerly and thrust the bag of chips at Devon, which he politely waved away. Apparently watching TV was Chris's favorite way to bond.
"Looks interesting," Devon replied. "Are you going to sit?"
She glanced at Melissa, but she was watching the TV with an annoyingly bright smile on her face. Moving stiffly, she perched gingerly on the corner of the bed beside him. She was unable to fully relax with him only a few tantalizing inches from her.
Her hands clenched on her legs, her fingers dug into her jeans. She could feel the strength of his aura. Unknowingly she leaned closer to him, a current shot through her as they briefly touched. His fingers intertwined with hers as he pulled her hand into his lap. Her mouth parted as she found his emerald eyes on her. She knew that she should slow her involvement with him, but she couldn't bring herself to put any distance between them again. She was mesmerized by him, enchanted like a cobra under the snake charmer's spell.
Resting her head on his shoulder, she fully resigned herself to the fact that she wasn't going to be able to stay away from him. She couldn't stand to part with him for more than a few hours, never mind the rest of her short life. She would just have to make sure that she kept him safe. She didn't kid herself into thinking it would be easy.

CHAPTER 12
Cassie sucked on the end of her straw and pulled the thick shake through it as she studied the group gathered around the picnic tables. The crowded area was loud as kids shouted, laughed, and threw things at one another. The football team had won their game tonight and it seemed that the entire school had turned out to celebrate.
Chris shifted uncomfortably; his large body was crammed into the tiny corner they had managed to snag. "Freaking mad house," he muttered.
"It's because you guys are so great, you should be happy," Melissa told him.
He tried to appear nonchalant, but his eyes gleamed with pride. Though he tried to play it off like it was no big deal, he loved being the star of the team. Cassie scanned the crowd as she waited impatiently for Devon to arrive. He hadn't been able to make it to the football game, but he'd said he would be here.
It was amazing how attached she'd become to him over this past week. She still didn't understand the strange power he had over her, but she'd accepted the fact that she had no control over it. He'd inserted himself into her life, creating chaos where there had been none. It was a chaos that she relished in though. She would be completely lost without his strong presence, and the hope that he had brought into her life.
Her phone went off; the faint beep was barely audible above the din surrounding her. Digging it out of her pocket, she was relieved to see the text from Devon saying that he was on his way. She was unable to stop the smile that flitted across her mouth as she slipped the phone back into her pocket.
"Devon on his way?" Chris inquired.
"Yeah."
He nodded as he scanned the crowd. Though he still wasn't completely relaxed around Devon, they seemed to have forged a strange friendship. They watched TV together every night when Devon came over to see her. They commented on this and that, laughing or groaning depending on what was on. They were both obsessed with The Deadliest Catch and Cassie found it highly amusing to watch and listen to them. She'd grown accustomed to Devon's visits after school, looked forward to the time they spent together before she had to go back to the grind of her nightlife.
A loud shout drew her attention to Jack Wells. The quarterback was standing on one of the picnic tables, throwing French fries at anyone unfortunate enough to be close to him. Cassie rolled her eyes as Melissa heaved a large sigh. "What an idiot," Chris muttered.
"Boys will be boys," Cassie said.
"Shoot me if I ever act like that."
"Oh, it's a guarantee, and don't forget I know how to use a crossbow."
He grinned at her. "Yeah you do."
Cassie scanned the crowd; she was impatient to see Devon. Since she'd made the decision not to fight her feelings, things had leveled out inside her and become more peaceful. She could concentrate on her training again; she was more settled and more alive than she had been in years. She was still a tumult of feeling and sensation when it came to him, and she was beginning to believe that would never change.
There was a ripple in the crowd, a subtle shifting amongst the students. She knew instantly that Devon had arrived as his presence always caused a stir. The boys were still wary of him, and the girl's eagerly followed his every move. The girl's had also started to give her angry, hate filled looks that she wasn't used to receiving, and was perplexed by. She'd done nothing to them and until now had considered most of them friends. She knew it was jealousy over her relationship with Devon that fueled their anger, but that fact didn't make the resentment from them any easier to accept.
He gracefully walked through the crowd, not acknowledging the strange or lustful stares that followed him. Jack stopped tossing french-fries as Devon moved past, not even he was crazy enough to throw a fry at Devon. Though, Cassie thought it might be entertaining to see. Devon didn't even acknowledge the winning quarterback's presence. Until Devon had arrived, Jack had been the most sought after boy in school. Now Jack's All American good looks couldn't hold a candle to Devon's dark splendor.
Cassie bristled as Marcy stepped in front of Devon, halting his progress. It wasn't jealousy that broke through her; he didn't look at other girls that way. In fact, Cassie knew that she was the only person he saw. He conveyed that to her with every one of his searing looks and tender touches. No, this wasn't jealousy, this was aggravation that Marcy had stopped him from coming straight to her.
He spoke with Marcy for a few moments, but his gaze remained firmly on her, his eyes warm and caring. Some of the anxiety eased from her, a smile curved her mouth as she watched him. The bond between them was virulent, and they still hadn't even kissed yet. In fact, they had done nothing more than hold hands and sit with each other over the week. She didn't know what would happen when he finally did kiss her. His touch was enough to drive her crazy; she couldn't imagine what his kiss would do to her.
Yet, she didn't rush it, didn't try and make the first move. She knew it would happen eventually, and for now it was simply enough to be with him every day.
He nodded to Marcy before casually stepping around her. Excitement tingled through Cassie; her body instinctively leaning closer to him as his hand slid into hers. Devon's chest pressed against her shoulder as he stood beside her. The hand not holding hers wrapped around her waist, and possessively rested on her hip. His scent reminded her of fresh air with a hint of rich spices.
His hand stroked her hip, his fingers set up a firestorm within her that only he could start, and put out. "You look beautiful tonight."
His soft words blew against her hair, ruffling it slightly. She shivered as his lips brushed over her skin and briefly stroked the nape of her neck. For a moment Cassie thought that her knees would buckle as her legs began to tremble.
He chuckled as his hand tightened on her waist. Pulling her closer against him, he supported her weight on her shaky legs. "Oh!" A loud shout reverberated beneath the metal overhang of B's and S's.
Cassie looked up as Jack did a back flip off the table and landed perfectly on his feet. "What an idiot." Chris rolled his eyes as he tossed his empty shake into the trashcan.
"He throws you the ball," Melissa reminded him.
"Yeah, but that doesn't mean he has any brain cells. The guy relishes in being the stereotypical jock, one of these days I'm going to punch him."
Cassie grinned as she shook her head. "You'd be kicked off the team."
"Would be worth it."
Chants began as Mike Daniels jumped onto the table and prepared to do his own dismount. "This isn't going to end well," Cassie muttered.
Melissa was already grinning, and there was a knowing twinkle in her dark eyes. Mike jumped off the table and flipped head over heels through the air. His feet hit the ground, the left one skidded out from under him as he slipped on one of Jack's discarded fries. Landing hard on his butt, a loud whoomph issued from him as his breath rushed out.
Laughter filled the air; Cassie nearly choked on her shake as a satisfied gleam lit Melissa's eyes. Then Melissa glanced past Cassie and her forehead furrowed. Cassie turned to follow Melissa's gaze and surprise riveted her to the spot.
Luther stood on the other side of B's and S's, his lip curled disdainfully as he watched Jason climb onto the table. His glasses slid down to the edge of his nose to perch precariously upon the tip. The loose fitting jacket he wore hung off of his slender shoulders, making him appear even thinner than he was.
"What is he doing here?" Chris asked.
"I'll go find out." Melissa slipped past them, skirting the group gathered around the picnic tables.
"Who is that?" Devon inquired.
Cassie shifted uncomfortably, not at all sure how to answer that question. "It's Melissa's dad," Chris told him.
"I thought Melissa's parents were dead," Devon said.
"Adopted father," Chris amended. "But he's raised her since she was a baby, so it's her dad."
"I see." Devon studied Luther for a moment more before turning his attention back to Cassie.
Cassie swallowed heavily, it wasn't entirely a lie. She shouldn't feel bad, but she did. Tearing her gaze away from his, she struggled to keep her breathing, and heart rate, under control. "Were Melissa's parents with yours in the car accident?"
Cassie's mind fumbled with an answer for that, she knew what she was supposed to say, what they had been told to say, but her tongue couldn't get the lies out. "No, Melissa's family was in Egypt at the time. Her mother died in childbirth, and her father was killed in the line of duty." Again, it wasn't entirely a lie, but it was Chris who answered the question for her.
"Line of duty?"
"Yeah." Chris's gaze was steady and unflinching as he focused on Devon. "He was in the British armed forces, stationed in Egypt, that's where he met Melissa's mom. Luther and he were good friends, so Luther adopted Melissa when she was orphaned, as there was no other family."
"I see. How sad for all of you to have lost your parents."
"My mother is still alive," Chris was unable to keep the bitterness from his voice.
"Chris…"
Cassie broke off as Chris's anguished eyes swung toward her. She knew Chris loved his mother, but there was so much between them that she feared their relationship could never be repaired. Though he was grateful that his mother had been spared from the massacre of that awful night, she knew he would give anything to be free of her. He was eager to leave town as soon as they graduated.
A breeze tickled the hairs at the nape of her neck and blew strands of it across her face. Devon's hand stilled on her waist as he turned toward the woods behind them. Nostrils flaring, his eyes narrowed as he studied the shadowed forest. His jaw clenched, a muscle jumped in his cheek. The hand upon her waist constricted as he moved protectively closer to her. His eyes had turned a dark green color, and the clench of his jaw looked almost painful. Confusion swirled through Cassie as she turned to search the darkened interior of the woods for some hint of what had caught his attention.
Cassie's attention was torn from him as Melissa came back toward them. A frown marred her pretty features as she gracefully weaved through the crowd. Melissa's dark eyes briefly met hers, and a chill of foreboding traveled down Cassie's spine. "Is everything ok?" Chris asked.
Melissa shook her head, her attention briefly turned to Devon. He'd turned away from the woods, but he was still wound tight like a guitar string. "No, Luther just received some bad news. I have to go."
Cassie caressed Devon's back in the hopes of easing some of his rigidity, but he didn't relax. He was so tense that he wasn't even breathing, she realized with a start. "Do you need us to come with you?" Chris asked.
"Yeah, that would be nice of you." Melissa glanced at Devon. "You know he considers you to be family."
Cassie's blood turned to ice in her veins. Swallowing heavily, she managed a small nod. "Of course." She fought to keep her face impassive as she met Devon's darkened gaze. "I have to go."
He nodded, but she could tell that his thoughts were elsewhere, and that he was still unsettled. Though he'd started to breathe again, he remained as solid and unbending as a rock. His hand moved over her back and lightly clenched against her. "I will see you later."
Cassie blinked in surprise; the words had come out almost as a growl. The fierceness in his gaze, and the intensity of his words caused goose bumps to break out on her skin. She didn't know what was going on tonight with Luther, or with Devon, but her sense of foreboding kicked up another notch.
"Yes." She agreed simply because she didn't know what else to say. For a moment he seemed to have no intention of letting her go, and then his hands slid away.
"Be safe."
She frowned in confusion, puzzled as to why he would say that. "Of course."
The intensity of his gaze didn't lessen as she took a small step away. She thought he was going to grab her again as he made a slight motion toward her, but then he stopped. The quiet desperation in him kept her riveted. "Come on Cassie, we have to go," Chris urged.
She swallowed heavily as she turned away from Devon. She could feel his gaze boring into her back as they moved through the crowd. Another breeze wafted over them, but this one carried the strange sense of wrongness that had been present at the beach the other day. Cassie turned as evil washed over her, and rooted her feet in place.
Melissa and Chris stopped beside her, their gazes fixed on the woods behind Devon. Nothing stirred amongst the darkness, but she knew that something was out there; she could feel it watching her.
"We have to go." Melissa's normally strong voice wavered.
Cassie tore her attention from the woods as her gaze instinctively fell upon Devon again. His attention was riveted on the woods, his body taut once more. Shock tore through Cassie as she realized that somehow, he felt the evil too.


CHAPTER 13
"I believe that an Elder is here."
Cassie's legs ceased their swinging motion on the island she was sitting on as Luther slapped the paper down in front of them. The large headline blazed up at her in ominous big black lettering. ANOTHER WOMAN KILLED BY WILD ANIMAL. Though she tried, she couldn't tear her gaze away from those words. The paper had been on her counter this morning, but she'd thought nothing of it as she breezed by to grab a box of cereal. Then again, she hadn't thought about much other than Devon since he had entered her life.
At Luther's declaration her body broke out in a cold sweat and her temples pulsed with the beats of her heart. "An Elder?" Chris asked in a choked voice.
Luther nodded vigorously and shoved his glasses back up with his index finger. "Yes, murders are up, and animal attacks have doubled over the past couple of weeks. You know what that means. Now, it could be a young vampire, but I don't believe so."
"But you don't know for sure?" Cassie asked her voice higher pitched than she would have liked.
His gray eyes were grave as they met hers. "I'm fairly positive Cass. This thing has been stalking people for a little while now. It's covering its tracks well, something that younger vampires are not so discreet about, and tend not to do. I never would have noticed the trend if I didn't follow the newspapers so carefully. I firmly believe that this thing is older, more powerful, and it is hunting here."
The knot in her stomach clenched further as it seemed to twist her intestines. An Elder. They'd never dealt with an Elder before, never even been close to one. And she had never wanted to be.
It had been The Elders that had grouped together to destroy The Hunter line, determined to take them all out in one fell swoop. Though they hadn't completely succeeded, they had managed to slaughter hundreds of men, women, and children, including their parents. The Hunter line had been left straggling, broken, and scattered across the globe. The survivors moved about continuously in order to stay hidden and alive.
Before the carnage there had been almost six hundred Hunters. After, there were only thirty two known ones left. That number included Cassie, Melissa, and Chris who hadn't been old enough to walk, let alone fight for their lives when The Slaughter occurred.
Chris had been telling the truth when he'd said that Luther knew Melissa's parents. Luther had been their Guardian; one of the people entrusted to train and protect The Hunter line. His duties as a Guardian consisted of schooling them in the old ways, navigating them through vampire and Hunter lore, and teaching them how to fight. When The Slaughter occurred Luther had fled with Melissa to Germany, then Japan, and finally to the U.S. where they'd bounced around in search of survivors. During the carnage, Guardian's had also been slaughtered and there were only twenty one accounted for now. Her parent's own Guardian, Brent, had been murdered with them when The Slaughter occurred.
All the Guardians had known where The Hunters were located before The Slaughter, but in the aftermath, many had been lost, probably forever. Luther continued to search for more survivors, but his journeys always came up empty handed.
With the small number of survivors, it was possible that The Hunter line would eventually die out. Cassie certainly didn't plan on having children. There was no way that she would leave them orphaned and alone after saddling them to this life. If the others didn't survive to have children, or if some of the survivors didn't know their heritage, it was only a matter of time before there was no one left. It was Luther's biggest fear; after their deaths, of course.
Cassie tried to swallow the lump that had imbedded itself in her throat, but it was choking her, cutting off her air as it remained lodged in her windpipe. Tears burned the backs of her eyes, it seemed that their time had come, much sooner than she'd expected.
She was infuriated with fate, and this monster that had come into their lives. It wasn't fair that she'd finally found something good in her life, and now she was going to lose it. She glanced around the room, her heart breaking for the only family she'd ever known. Chris looked shell shocked, Melissa's gaze was distant and unfocused; Luther was pacing restlessly.
"What do we do?" Chris asked.
The normally soft lines in Luther's face were starkly visible. "We run."
There was a moment of stunned, breathless silence, before Cassie and Chris exploded at the same time. "What!?"
Luther clasped his hands behind his back as he paced the confines of his kitchen. "None of you are ready to face an Elder. You haven't had enough training; you don't know the full scope of this creature's abilities. No one fully knows what an Elder is capable of. You cannot go up against that."
"The three of us…"
"Are not enough," he interrupted Chris harshly. "Your powers and abilities are nothing compared to what this creature may be able to do."
The room lurched sickeningly, she was half surprised she hadn't slid off the kitchen island and become a limp pool of body parts on the floor. "How can you be so sure that this is even an Elder?" Chris inquired.
Luther threw up his hands as he continued his relentless pacing. "I can't. The biggest clue I have is the lack of evidence that the police have. This monster is killing for the pleasure and power of it. He isn't turning them; he's leaving their bodies behind with no blood, when he leaves them behind, but he also leaves no hint of his mark upon them, which is something that new vamps tend not to do. The lack of blood at the crime scene is stumping police, but they aren't digging into it too deeply. Also, most new vampires don't survive their first month."
"What? Why not?" Cassie gasped as she was rattled out of her paralysis.
Luther rolled his eyes as he shook his head. "You never listen to me," he muttered. "Most new vampires are killed in their first month."
"Why? How?" Chris demanded.
Luther shot him a stern, disapproving look. "Either by Hunters, especially when there were more of you, or by other vampire's." Cassie stared at him in bewilderment as her mind spun from the revelation. Luther shoved his glasses back up on his nose and returned to pacing. "Older vampires don't care to have a lot of newbie's around. They don't want the human population to know that vampires are real, and young vampires tend to be careless about the conditions they leave their victims in, and the amount of bodies they leave behind. Also, hunting and killing another vampire shows more power than hunting a human, it's more thrilling for them. I imagine that they thoroughly enjoy it."
Cassie found the brutal picture he was painting extremely disturbing. They fought amongst themselves in search of a more thrilling kill, and more power? She knew that they were monsters, awful, horrendous, and despicable, but this was far beyond her scope of disgust and hatred for them. Nausea twisted in her already sour stomach.
"How come we didn't hear about this fact before now?" Chris demanded.
Luther folded his arms firmly over his chest as he glared at him. "Because you and Cassie didn't want to learn about the lore, and the behavior of vampires."
Cassie had the grace to look embarrassed, Chris did not. Having grown up in this life, and been taught everything as a child, Melissa remained mute. She firmly believed that if she was going to know the future, then she had to have a firm grip on the past. However, Cassie had resented her heritage as it was, and she didn't feel like learning more about it. And Chris, well if it didn't involve food, girls and action, then he wanted nothing to do with it.
"Well it's all boring crap," Chris muttered defensively.
"Well you just learned something new, and important, from that boring crap!" Luther snapped. Chris finally had the grace to look discomfited as he ducked his head. "So that is why I believe that we are dealing with an Elder now."
"The thing in the woods." Cassie looked crazily at Melissa and Chris as realization lit up like a light bulb inside her. "That's what was out there tonight, and at the beach the other day."
"How could it have been at the beach? It was daylight," Chris argued.
Cassie hopped off the counter and began to pace rapidly. "It was overcast though, probably cloudy enough for them to come out at that point of the day."
"What are you talking about?" Luther demanded. Melissa quickly filled him in on what had happened the other day, and the strange feeling they'd all experienced again tonight. Luther's face was grave and thoughtful as he studied the far wall. "We may never know exactly what an Elder is capable of. The scope of their powers may be far beyond anything we can even imagine."
Cassie's stomach rolled over again, she was worried she was going to throw up her strawberry shake before this night was over. "If it's watching you, then it's likely that this creature knows what you truly are. It's also likely that the three of you may have drawn it here. It may have sensed your powers, and abilities, and it also may have noticed the deaths of its brethren due to you. That's why we must leave. It will hunt you until it destroys you."
Cassie nearly tripped over her own feet as she abruptly stopped pacing and turned to stare at him in disbelief. Melissa slid off the island; she rested her hand against it as her legs buckled. Chris took a step forward, his eyes turbulent, yet blazing with a fiery determination.
"No." Cassie swallowed heavily as she tried to wet her parched throat. "No, I am not leaving," she managed more firmly.
Luther blinked rapidly as he stared at her in surprise from behind his Lennon style glasses. "What do you mean no? You don't understand Cassie…"
"I understand that you think this thing will kill us, and you may be right. I also understand that we may have led this thing here; I will not abandon the town, and the people I have known since childhood, to this monster. It may kill us, but we are also the only defense that they have against it. I won't leave them to be slaughtered because of us."
"Neither will I," Chris said firmly.
Melissa straightened her slender shoulders. "We can't Luther. Cassie's right, this thing may be far more powerful than us, but we're the only defense here. We can't abandon them; it would be like leading the lambs to the slaughter."
Luther stood for a moment as disbelief, and something akin to grief, churned in his eyes. "I understand your inclination to stay, and I commend it, but I cannot allow that to happen. There aren't enough Hunter's left to risk your lives. I must keep you safe. You cannot stay here."
"I will not allow innocent people to die because of us!" Cassie retorted.
"They die every day. Your lives are more valuable, you do far more good alive than you do dead." Cassie felt as if she'd been slapped as she gaped at him. She couldn't believe he'd just said that. "I'm sorry to sound cruel, but it's true. If you're killed, then even more innocent people will die, you must weigh everything before coming to this decision. Sometimes we have to do things that we don't want to in life."
Cassie's hands fisted as she took a step toward him. "I'm already doing something that I don't want to do every single day! I didn't ask for this, but I will not run from it! Not now. I'm staying, if you intend to run, go ahead, but I won't!"
Luther's gray eyes burn as hot as coals. "It is the best for you! My only charge in life is to see that you are prepared to fight, and to keep you safe."
Cassie's anger melted in the face of his distress. "You can't keep us safe forever, it's not possible. You have done your best to train us Luther; you have to have faith in that."
He glanced at their determined faces. His eyes were troubled behind his glasses as his set shoulders slumped in defeat. "Fine, but you cannot go hunting alone anymore. The three of you must stick together, and you will wait for me to go with you. No more running off on your own and I want to know every time you have the same feeling that you had tonight." His turbulent gaze swung to Melissa. "Have you had any premonitions about this?"
Her dark eyes were sad and distant as she shook her head. "No."
"Have you had any premonitions at all lately?"
She shook her head. "Nothing to do with vampires. I knew we would win the game tonight, and I know that tomorrow, at lunch, Marcy is going to announce the nominee's for homecoming queen. Congratulations by the way," she added with a wary smile at Cassie.
Cassie lifted a shoulder, but refrained from commenting. The last thing she cared about was homecoming, or being queen. Maybe at one time she would have, but not anymore. Her entire life had become focused on her friends, her survival, and Devon. Her heart gave a mighty thump as her attention returned to him once more. They had left him at the side of the woods, within close proximity of that thing!
She whipped out her cell phone and frantically dialed his number. She turned her back on them, rapidly walking away as she listened to the endless ringing. It clicked over to his voicemail but she didn't leave a message. Taking a deep breath she tried to calm herself as she quickly texted him, asking him to call her as soon as possible.
She knew she was unable to keep the horror from her face as she looked back at her friends. "What is it?" Melissa asked.
"We left Devon standing there, and he's not answering his phone," she answered tremulously.
Apprehension flitted over their faces as they quickly exchanged looks. "He's fine," Melissa assured her. "I'm sure of it."
"How can you be so sure?" Cassie demanded. She was finding it difficult to breathe through the constriction in her chest as she strained to remain somewhat calm. "If that thing is stalking us, wouldn't it go after Devon if it saw us together?"
"It's ok Cassie." Chris grasped her arm but his touch only slightly soothed her tumultuous emotions.
She turned from him, feeling like a caged animal as she paced back and forth with her fingers still clenched around her phone. She'd left him there, she'd involved him in this, and she'd left him there. She'd been too selfish to set him free, and now she may have cost him his life.
She didn't think she could survive without him. In such a short time he'd become a part of her, she needed him even more than she needed her own extremities. She would hunt that thing down and destroy it if it harmed him, even if it meant destroying herself in the process.
The ringing of her phone caused her to jump in surprise. Relief flowed through her at the sight of his name and number. Opening her phone, she quickly walked away from them. "Is everything ok?" he demanded immediately.
Cassie took a deep breath as she fought the tears that burned her eyes. "Yes, yes I… uh I just thought I'd say hi," she lied badly, feeling like a complete idiot as her face flamed red.
He didn't speak for a moment, and she could hear the wind rushing past his car as he drove. "Are you sure?" The tension in his voice was unmistakable.
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Are you still with Melissa and her father?"
"Yes."
"How are you getting home?"
"Chris will take me."
"I could pick you up."
Cassie glanced at the others, but they were engrossed in conversation. She wanted to see him again, to make sure that he was safe and that he stayed that way, but this was going to be a long night, and it would be better if he went home where he would be safe.
"No, that's ok; we're going to be here awhile," she told him.
There was another stretch of silence. "Ok, let me know when you get home safely."
She frowned at the command, surprised to hear him so worried about her again. She recalled his strange reaction earlier, the tension in his body as he'd turned toward the woods. He'd still been watching the forest after they'd walked away. Then she recalled her earlier realization that he'd sensed whatever evil presence was lurking about town too.
Her hand clenched around the phone. She knew that there were humans with their own special gifts. There were those with ESP, telekinesis, telepathy, and many other strange abilities that manifested within them. She suspected that perhaps Devon was somehow gifted. She didn't know exactly what his ability was, but it seemed to resemble Chris's talent.
What surprised her most was the fact that Chris hadn't picked up on it. She thought that Chris would have recognized it immediately, especially if Devon's gift was similar to his own. Instead, he'd felt nothing except for a strange darkness. Maybe that darkness was Devon's gift. Maybe because their abilities were so similar that Devon's acted as a block against Chris's own power.
Cassie closed her eyes and rubbed her temple's. This was one more thing that she simply couldn't deal with at the moment. There was already too much on her plate to even attempt to put the pieces of this puzzle together right now.
Pushing aside all questions and doubts, she focused upon their conversation again. "I will," she promised.
He was quiet for a moment more, and she could almost feel the tension radiating from him through the phone. "Good night Cassandra."
She shivered in delight and closed her eyes as she savored in the sound of his voice. "Goodnight Devon."
She reluctantly hung up, hating the loss of connection between them. Slipping her phone into her pocket, she turned back to the others. She wasn't going to tell them what she'd just discovered about Devon. They had more than enough to deal with right now. Besides, she wasn't one hundred percent certain that she was right, and she didn't intend to divulge something about him that he might prefer to keep private. Maybe he wasn't even sure that he had such a gift.
"He's fine."
"Good," Chris said briskly. "Now, do you think we should tell your grandma and my mother about this?"
Cassie sighed heavily as she was drug back into the harsh reality of her world.


CHAPTER 14
Devon stepped around the back of the tree and folded his arms over his chest as he watched Cassie safely disappear inside her house. The door closed behind her, the click of the lock drifted to him even at his distance of two hundred feet. Crossing his legs, he leaned against the tree, prepared to stay there for the entire night.
He wasn't going to leave her unprotected until he knew who it was that had been in the woods tonight. He knew what it was, as he had recognized one of his kind immediately. He also knew that they were hungry, powerful, and bloodthirsty. He'd felt the intense desire the creature had directed at Cassie which led him to believe that it was a male.
Anger bristled through him as he shifted uncomfortably. He didn't care for anyone else looking at her, or desiring her in such a way, let alone someone that wanted to destroy her. As soon as he found who was out there, he was going to destroy them. They couldn't be allowed to roam free, not in this town, and not with Cassie present. They would go for her, and he could not have that. No one was going to touch her, and absolutely no one was going to taste her blood, or turn her.
She was his, and as long as he was alive he would keep her safe from any harm. Including himself.
His canines pricked, they felt heavy and razor-sharp as his thoughts turned to feeding. He'd had no time to hunt tonight, not food anyway, as he'd been too busy trying to find the creature stalking the town. Now, with thoughts of Cassie on his mind, the hunger sparked to life with a vengeance. He ran his tongue over his teeth, surprised to find that they had lengthened on their own. He usually had control over such a thing, unless he was extremely hungry, or primed for the kill.
He ran his hand absently through his hair and tugged at the ends of it. It was going to be a tiring night, as he didn't intend to leave in order to satiate his thirst. The light in her room flicked on. Anticipation clutched at him as she moved in front of the window, and her lithe body was outlined by the curtains. She leaned into the open window and rested her arms on the window as she peered outside. Though he knew that she couldn't see him, he slid into the shadows behind the large oak once more.
When he came back around, she'd disappeared from view. He leaned against the tree, trying not to think about the fact that this was what he was doing at the moment. In all his seven hundred and fifty two years, he'd never thought that he would be standing outside of a girl's room, watching her, keeping her safe. Humans were only good to feed off of, to hunt, to stalk, and he hadn't done that in over a hundred years so he'd simply taken to avoiding temptation.
His gaze drifted back to the window. She wasn't in view anymore, but the knowledge that she was there was enough. His thoughts wandered to Luther as he tried to find a comfortable position. It was the first time he'd seen the strange man that Cassie had spoken of in her dream. Confusion twisted through him as he recalled the peculiar, thin man, standing in the shadows of the restaurant. Why did Luther have such influence over her, such an effect on her, on all of them?
Devon's hands clenched on his arms as he recalled the confusion and disquiet that had eclipsed her in their dream, recalled the hesitance that had filled her when she'd spoken of Melissa's father. Tonight, the minute the man had appeared they'd all followed him back to his house. A house they spent a fair amount of time at, a strange amount of time at.
What the hell was going on with them?
He dropped his head into his hand and rubbed the bridge of his nose as he thought over all of the odd things that seemed to circle around the three, no four, of them. A strange niggling began to take hold of him. It was all irritatingly confusing. Frustration filled him; he was so close to putting a finger on it, yet the answer continued to elude him.
Lifting his head, he frowned as the light in her room went out, though the flicker of the TV could still be seen. Glancing over at Chris's house, he was surprised to find that he appeared to be staying home tonight. After a few minutes the light in his room went out also.
Devon shoved aside all his doubts and questions as he slid from the shadows of the trees and moved amongst the shadows across her open yard. Not fully understanding what drove him, and unwilling to think about how she would react, he grasped hold of the tree he'd watched Chris climb before. He made his way quickly up the branches with the agility and grace that only one of his kind could possess. He paused outside her window, unsure of what he'd been thinking, or what to do. He just knew that he had to see her again.
There was something out there that thirsted for her. Something that desired to take her away from him, and he couldn't have that. That knowledge spurred him into action; he couldn't be separated from her any longer. Not pausing to think about it, he rapped on the window.
His breath caught when she appeared before him, a golden angel silhouetted against the dark night. Her hair tumbled around her shoulders in thick waves that framed her exquisite face. The blue t-shirt she wore fell to mid thigh, and bared the creamy skin of her legs. His baser instincts leapt to life, his mouth watered as his hands clenched the tree branch. This was quite possibly the biggest mistake he'd ever made, but he couldn't bring himself to care. Not when he got to look at her like this.
Her astonishing eyes widened on him, her rosebud mouth parted as she stared at him. Then she was unlocking the window and sliding it up as she leaned toward him. Her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him, the beat of her heart pounded in his ears, instantly arousing the hunger that was ever present whenever she was near.
"Devon." Her husky voice caused a small shiver to run down his spine.
He'd felt her desire for him before, but it was stronger tonight, deeper and more urgent. He didn't know where it had come from, what had caused it, but he wasn't sure he could resist it. His hand clenched around the branch, he had to stop himself from tearing it from the tree as he fought the urge to seize hold of her and ease the burning hunger raging through him.
This had been a mistake; he never should have come here, not as tumultuous and unsettled as he was. He could hurt her; he would hurt her if he lost control. Though he knew that he should go, he didn't move. He couldn't leave her.
She took a small step back and turned to allow him access to her room. He hesitated, knowing that if he went through that window there would be no turning back. If he entered that room, he knew he would never be able to separate from her again. And he didn't care. He didn't care about anything but being with her.
He moved swiftly through the window and rose slowly to his full height before her. The glow from the television played over her perfect features, robbing him of all reason as he simply gazed at her, unable to move. He sensed a strange vulnerability about her tonight, a wealth of sadness that he'd never felt before. He didn't know what had happened with Luther, but it was obvious that it had troubled her greatly.
"What are you doing here?" she asked, slightly breathless.
He didn't know what he was doing here; he just knew that this was where he was supposed to be. Where he was always supposed to be. "I had to see you," he said honestly.
He smoothly wrapped his hand around the back of her head. The feel of her instantly pacified the raging beast clamoring loudly inside him. Relief filled him as he pulled her against him and her body melded against his, fitting perfectly, completing him.
Relief filled him as his fingers slid through her silken hair and he caressed the back of her head. He had to remember to be careful around her, remember to pretend to breathe, and to keep her away from his nonexistent heartbeat. He had to remember to be gentle, to keep his strength restrained so as not to harm her. But he found it difficult to concentrate on such things whenever he was around her.
"Cassie." He dropped his head into her hair and nuzzled her.
A fiery ache for her spread through his whole body. His grip on her tightened as his body hardened against hers. Her arms wrapped around him, clinging to him as her fingers dug into his back. He didn't know how long he held her, simply taking pleasure in the feel of her. The rightness of her body against his robbed him of all sense and reason. Time had no meaning in heaven, and he knew that this was as close to heaven as he was ever going to get in his world of death and destruction.
The flow of the moonbeam drew his attention to the fact that it was getting late. He didn't wish to leave her, but he couldn't keep her up all night. She needed her rest, needed her sleep. She was far more fragile than he was. She was a breakable, mortal human. The thought seized hold of him and sent a bolt of bloodlust surging through him.
His fangs sprang free. Shaking, unnerved, he struggled to keep the demon inside of him caged. It was bursting to sink its teeth into her, to drain the sweet blood that pounded deliciously through her veins. It clamored to deplete her, to make her immortal and strong, his forever.
A tremor wracked through him. "Devon," she murmured.
He realized that his hold upon her had become painful. She didn't strain against him though, and didn't complain. He fought to regain control and not to think about the appealing blood he could hear pumping through her veins. He knew she would be astonishing, a powerful rush unlike any he'd ever known.
The temptation was so overwhelming that he dropped his head to the side of her neck. The enchanting smell of her blood assailed him. The bloodlust shook him, the beast screamed to be appeased by her. His lips pulled back. His teeth were throbbing with their compulsion to pierce her.
"Devon?"
A tremor tore through him again, shaking him. He could not be denied, he would not be denied, and then she caressed him. Her delicate fingers stroked over his back as they calmed the beast inside of him. He shuddered and buried his head in the side of her neck as he grappled to regain control of himself. Reason began to return as her soothing touch gradually returned the monster to its cage.
What had he been thinking? He'd been about to condemn her to his world. He'd been about to take the radiance from her, rob her of her purity and goodness. He had to get away from her and stay away from her. She rocked his self restraint, his control, and in his world those were two things that he had to keep under wraps, or he would kill someone.
Shuddering, he slid his fingers through her hair once more. He would watch over her until the threat was gone, but he couldn't be near her anymore, couldn't hold her again. The thought tore through him with a burning rage that seared the inside of him, and left ashes in its wake. He felt the loss acutely, even though he still held her against him.
She tilted her head up, her beautiful face shook him completely and left him lost to her forever. In that moment he knew he could leave her, that he could go to the opposite side of the world, but she would be with him for eternity. She would remain burned into his heart, his thoughts, and every fiber of his being.
"I should go." His voice was strained, but he'd regained most of his control.
The longing in her eyes was almost more than he could stand. "Don't."
He blinked in surprise, not sure what to say, or do. Her dark lashes lowered over her eyes as heat flared through her creamy cheeks. A low groan issued from him. Her eyes were hesitant and shy as they came back to his. Her sweet simplicity was heart wrenching. She was far too good for him and everything that he was.
When he didn't speak, her face flushed even redder, and fire climbed high into her cheekbones. "I uh… I didn't mean…"
Her voice trailed off, she ducked her face, hiding it from him. Brushing back her silken hair, he felt the heat of her skin against his palms as he cupped her face tenderly. Her eyes flitted up to his. "I know," he said, hoping to ease some of her embarrassment. "I know what you meant."
He traced his thumb over her lip, relishing in the supple fullness of it. He could stay with her, lie beside her, and keep her safe as he held her through the night. He could control himself for that. He could give himself this, and then he would leave tomorrow. Even as he thought it, he knew he was lying to himself.
He was not going to leave her. It would never happen. His feelings for her were too strong, too powerful, and he was acutely aware of the fact that he knew what that meant. That he knew what she was to him now, what she would always be, and how this would all end. He just didn't like to think about it, because the ending was something that he didn't want for her. The ending was something that she wouldn't want for herself, and he hated the fact that he may end up forcing his life upon her. For now, he simply needed to hold her and protect her and keep her safe.
He would just have to learn to control himself around her, and he would have to make sure that he was well sated whenever she was near. But he couldn't leave her; he didn't think he could survive if he was unable to touch her, to know that she was safe, and that she was with him.
"Beautiful," he whispered. Her lashes swept the delicate curve of her cheek as she ducked her face once more. He nudged her chin up again. When her eyes met his, he bent slowly in order to give her time to come to her senses and flee while she still could.
She didn't move, didn't even breathe as his lips brushed over hers in a butterfly caress that nearly shattered him. The touch of her lips healed every broken bit of him. It soothed the loneliness of his life and helped him to forget the ruin his existence had created. Though she didn't make right the many deaths that stained his soul, she greatly eased the suffering that resided permanently inside him.
He deepened the kiss, needing more of her as warmth suffused him. Whiteness embraced his essence, pushing out the black as his tongue explored the heady recesses of her mouth. He was trying not to rush, trying not to scare her, but he hungered for more. He hungered for all of her.
Pulling away, he fought to regain control as he met her bewildered gaze. She lifted her fingers to her mouth and touched them to her lips in awe. "Are you ok?" he asked worriedly, frightened that he had gone to fast and scared her.
She smiled tremulously. "Yes."
He clutched her to him again as he struggled to maintain restraint. "It's late, you should lie down," he ground out. She gave a small nod, but didn't look at him again. "Come on."
He led her over to the bed. The blankets were pulled back from where she had laid before he arrived. He fought the urge to crawl into the bed beside her and hold her close. Sliding her legs onto the bed, the t-shirt she wore pulled back to reveal a mouth watering view of her creamy thigh. Devon stiffened as more than just bloodlust tore through him. Then she looked at him again, her face was beet red, and her innocence was almost intolerable.
Lifting her hand to him, she moved over. "Lie with me for a little bit."
For a moment he could almost feel his heart trip hammering, almost feel it turning over in his chest with a violent slam that shook the place where it had once beat. She was testing the very limits of his control, nearly destroying the small thread he still had upon his self restraint. Then her gaze darted to the window, and her forehead creased as she gazed at the dark night.
He searched for any hint of a threat with his far superior eyes, and with every ounce of his vast power. Though he knew that the monster was still out there, he couldn't sense it now. It was either far away, or it was strong enough to mask itself at a distance. His stomach turned. Though he was more powerful than most vampires in existence, Cassie was not. The thought of something that strong out there pursuing her, made the decision for him.
Turning from the window, he kicked his sneakers off. She slipped further over as he climbed onto the bed beside her. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her down. She curled up like a sweet kitten against his side, nuzzling him as her hand rested upon his chest. He grasped hold of her hand, keeping it away from the empty hollowness of where his heart should beat and pressed it against his abdomen.
Devon was unable to relax due to the fire burning through him. He stared unseeingly at the pictures flickering across the TV, soon her breathing evened out, and her hand relaxed against his. Her trust in him was absolute as she gave herself over to him in her most vulnerable stage. He didn't deserve her trust, if she knew what she was curled up beside she would probably run screaming into the night.
It was something he would have to make sure never happened. He couldn't lose her, nor could he shatter her innocence by being the one to tell her that the world was truly cold, heartless, and filled with real monsters.
Maybe he could just tell her…
He instantly squashed the thought. How could he shatter her innocence? He couldn't, and even if he did, what guarantee did he have that she would stay with him? He was a monster. Why would anyone stay with a monster?
He wasn't strong enough to leave her, and he was too much of a coward to risk losing her. He had done many awful things in his life, but this was by far the worst.


CHAPTER 15
Cassie was still groggy from the deep, dreamless sleep that had claimed her as she gradually woke the next morning. Memories of the night assailed her as she realized that Devon was still beside her, his arm draped over her waist, and his body melded against her back. Her toes curled against his jeans as she took pleasure in the feel of his body pressed so close to hers.
His kiss had been everything she'd known it would be. It had filled her entire being, warming and melting places she'd thought frozen and dead. He was everything that she needed, and she would willingly die to keep him safe from the evil within their town. His hand clenched upon her waist as she nestled closer to him. "Don't move."
The words were groaned through his teeth against her ear. She held her breath as he became rigid against her. She didn't know what was wrong with him, but it had almost sounded as if he were in pain. He moved so suddenly, and quickly, that she didn't even have time to blink before he'd rolled away from her, and was on his feet.
Cassie pulled the blankets against her chest as she sat up. He was standing by the window, his gaze focused on the rising sun. His hands were clenched at his sides, the muscles of his forearms bulged with the tension that coursed through him.
"Are you ok?" she asked.
He turned his head toward her; his emerald eyes were dark in the early morning light. His hair was tussled from sleep, giving him a boyish appeal that melted her heart. "Fine."
Some of the stress seemed to be easing out of him as he offered her a small smile. Music suddenly blasted into the room, Cassie jumped in surprise, and her heart leapt in her chest. It took her a few seconds to pinpoint the source of the racket. Turning over, she hit the off button on her alarm clock. Dismay filled her as she realized that the world was intruding upon the blissful peace she'd found in his arms throughout the night.
"I have to go." She turned back to him. His stance wasn't as rigid and his hands had unclenched at his sides. "I'll see you at school."
She nodded, not knowing what to say. He took a deep breath, seeming to brace himself before striding back over to her. Bending down, he dropped a tender kiss upon the tip of her nose that caused her to smile. The corded muscles of his arm flexed beneath her hand. She marveled at the feel of his skin and the dark hair sprinkled over it. She could have stayed in bed, touching and feeling him all day.
He hesitated for a moment, and then pulled quickly away. Slipping his sneakers back on, he moved with startling grace and speed to the window. Casting a quick glance over his shoulder, he smiled at her before disappearing outside. Cassie gaped for a moment before tossing her blankets aside and springing to her feet. She hurried to the window, surprised to find that he had already disappeared from view.
Frowning, Cassie realized that she hadn't heard his car start. Had he walked over here last night? The sudden realization hit her that she didn't even know where he lived. It was more than a little disturbing. She was falling helplessly in love with him, seemingly bound to him in a way that she'd never wanted to be bound to anyone, and had never thought possible. Yet, she knew nothing about him. Leaning her head against the window, Cassie took a deep breath in order to try and calm the disquieting thoughts racing through her.
Sliding the window shut, she threw the lock and hurried to the bathroom to get ready for the day. She tried not to dwell on her upsetting realization about Devon as she went through her morning ritual. But try as she might, she couldn't keep the endless questions from running through her mind.
Hurrying downstairs, she braced herself for the conversation she was going to have to have now. Her grandmother was already at the stove, humming as she danced around the kitchen to Toby Keith singing about America. Her strawberry blonde hair had been pulled into a ponytail that bounced against her shoulders. She was a small woman, barely five feet, but she was slender with an athletic, fluid grace Cassie associated with a ballet dancer.
She turned to Cassie, her beautiful face lit up as her sky blue eyes landed on her. The lines around her eyes crinkled merrily as she slid a bowl of oatmeal to Cassie. "Brown sugar and cream, the way you like it."
"Thanks grandma." Cassie took the bowl, but couldn't bring herself to start eating. This was a conversation she was certain would turn into a battle, but it was inevitable. Her grandmother returned to her humming as Montgomery Gentry came over the radio. "Grandma, we have to talk."
The merry smile slipped from her face as she turned back to Cassie. Her eyebrows drew together over the bridge of her delicate nose. Her eyes darkened, going from sky blue to deep brown in an instant. Cassie wasn't unnerved by the sudden change. Though some people thought it was a genetic flaw, it was actually what happened when her grandmother began to commune with her spirit friends.
Cassie plopped onto the stool. Sometimes her grandma would talk to the spirits for extended periods of time, regardless if others were present or not. Though the three spirits that visited her grandma had become her grandma's friends over the years, she hadn't known them in life. Sometimes through her three "friends", her grandma was able to communicate with other people's loved ones, but never her own.
Cassie found it a cruel twist of fate for her grandmother to have her husband, and her daughter ripped away from her, but never be able to speak with them again using her special gift. Grandma did not agree with Cassie's opinion on that particular matter. She'd once told Cassie that it would have been far more painful for her if she'd been able to speak with her loved ones after they'd passed on.
"Something evil has come to town," she said.
Cassie dropped her spoon as she focused on her grandma's once more blue eyes. This time however there was no humor in them, but rather a grave sadness. Though she spoke often with her "friends" they were never able to tell her anything specific that might impact the course of her or Cassie's fate. Telling her grandmother that something had come to town was their roundabout way of trying to warn her of the very real danger now lurking nearby.
"Yes." Cassie slid off her stool and rested her hand on the countertop. "Luther believes there's an Elder here."
Terror flashed across her grandmother's delicate features. She took a small step forward before leaning back against the counter. Cassie grabbed for her, afraid that she was going to collapse. Then, she straightened her delicate shoulders and stepped away from the counter. "Does it know that you are here?"
"We don't know anything for certain, but it looks that way," Cassie answered honestly.
"You cannot stay here. You must leave. All three of you have to get somewhere safe."
Cassie had been dreading this, but she hadn't changed her mind. In fact, after last night, she was more convinced than ever that she couldn't leave. She wouldn't leave the town unprotected, and she could never leave Devon to fend for himself. Taking a deep breath, Cassie braced herself for battle.
"No grandma, we aren't going anywhere."
Her grandmother's mouth dropped open. "What do you mean you aren't going anywhere?" she demanded.
"We can't abandon this town, we can't leave everyone to face this thing alone and unprotected. The Hunter's exist to protect innocent people; it's what we were created for. We can't run because this may be a difficult time."
"May be difficult? May be difficult?" Cassie winced at the raw panic in her grandmother's voice. "Cassie, if this thing finds you, if it figures out what you are, it will kill you!"
"Grandma…"
"Don't you grandma me. You get up those stairs and get your bags packed, now! I have lost my husband, my daughter, and my son-in-law to these monsters! I will not lose my granddaughter!"
Cassie's heart ached for her and the losses that she'd experienced, but she couldn't back down. "You wouldn't leave if it were you grandma. Think of all of the innocent people that will lose their lives if we do."
Her grandmother's eyes flashed brown for a brief moment before she focused her full attention on Cassie again. "I left with you. I left innocent's behind then."
A knife twisted in Cassie's chest. She couldn't argue with that. She had given up everything for Cassie, and now, when her grandmother desperately wanted her to, Cassie wouldn't return the favor.
"I'm only telling you about this so that you're aware of the danger, and you can stay safe."
"Cassandra…"
Before she could finish the sentence, Cassie stepped forward and embraced her. Tears slid down her face as she clung to her grandmother's slender frame. "I'm sorry grandma, you know I would do anything for you, but I can't do this. You know that this is the right thing to do; you know that we can't just leave them. I know that you're scared for me, I'm scared for myself, but we have to stay."
Her grandmother shuddered as her head dropped to Cassie's shoulder. "You will be more aware out there."
"Always," Cassie vowed.
Her grandmother squeezed her then pulled away. Her vivid eyes shimmered with tears as she met Cassie's gaze again. "My brave girl, just like your mom."
A cold chill slid down her spine. She'd been told she was just like her mother her entire life. She looked like her mother, she moved like her mother, and she acted like her mother. The only difference was that Cassie wasn't gifted and her mother had possessed the powerful ability to move objects with her mind. She didn't mind the comparisons, but she didn't want to die young like her mother had.
Yet her life seemed to be traveling that same path. Only she would be seven years younger than her mother's twenty four years when she died.
Cassie fought the bone wracking shudder that tore though her, she desperately craved those seven years. They may not seem like much, but they would be precious, and she had a bad feeling she was going to be cheated of them. "There are times I wish that Luther had never found you."
Cassie tried to push aside the cold dread that was firmly embedded in her belly. "There are times I wish that too," she admitted.
Chris's mother, and her grandmother, had decided to keep the truth hidden from them and raise them as normally as possible. Until Luther arrived, Chris's power had been passed off as a psychic ability that some normal people may have possessed. At the time, Cassie's grandmother believed that they were the last of The Hunter line, and no one would come looking for them.
She'd been wrong.
"You will be safe, right?" Cassie asked worriedly.
Her grandmother smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. "Don't fret about me dear, don't you ever fret about me. You don't get to be my ripe old age without knowing how to take care of yourself."
Cassie nodded, but she wasn't completely convinced. She knew her grandmother; she wasn't one to sit idly by, especially if she thought she would be keeping Cassie safe. She could only hope that she didn't do something crazy.
"Eat your breakfast dear, Chris is on his way over."
Cassie glanced back at her bowl of oatmeal, but she had no appetite anymore. "I'll see you tonight grandma, I love you."
She dropped a quick kiss on her cheek as she grabbed hold of her bag and slung it over her shoulder. "Love you too dear. Have a good day."
Cassie glanced back at her, but she was still staring out the window with a distant look on her pretty features. A chill of apprehension slid down Cassie's spine.


CHAPTER 16
Cassie played with the applesauce on her plate, absentmindedly swirling it with the end of her spoon. She couldn't get the lonely image of her grandmother out of her head, or shake her overwhelming sense of foreboding. Devon took hold of her hand, his touch soothing some of her tension.
Looking up at him, she managed a wan smile as she met his troubled gaze. "What's wrong?"
She frowned as she ran her finger over his skin, savoring in the feel of him. His circulation had to be poor for him to be this chilled. Shrugging it off, she managed a quick smile for him. "Nothing, just not that hungry."
He didn't seem to buy it as he stared at her. "Are you sure?"
"Yes." She studied him carefully for a moment as the questions from earlier returned to her. "Where do you live?"
Quirking an eyebrow, a small smile flitted across his full lips. "Is that what has you so distracted?"
Cassie shrugged absently. "I just realized that I don't know much about you."
Something flickered in his eyes. She couldn't be sure what it had been, but for a moment she thought it was fear. But why would her question cause him fear? "Well, we will have to remedy that," he told her. "My place is in Oyster Hills."
Cassie blinked in surprise; she didn't know much about Oyster Hills, except for the fact that it was highly upscale. "Wow. What do your parents do?"
His jaw clenched as a muscle jumped in his cheek. "They're dead."
Cassie gasped with dismay. "I'm so sorry; I know how awful that is."
He shrugged absently as his finger stroked her hand. "It was a long time ago."
"But the hole never heals," she whispered.
His distant gaze was tender as it came back to hers. "I suppose not."
"Do you mind me asking what happened?" she inquired.
He hesitated for a moment before shrugging. "They were killed."
Though she was curious, she decided against pressing further. She knew how much it could upset someone; how the wound never completely healed. No matter how much time passed. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry."
He smiled as he kissed her hand. "Anything you want to know, just ask."
Leaning closer to him, she was surprised to realize that she'd completely forgotten about the noise and confusion of the cafeteria. He had a way about him that made it easy to shut out the rest of the world. He made it impossible to focus on anything, except him. She rested her head on his shoulder and savored in his scent.
Closing her eyes, she allowed herself to drift into him. "Would you like to see my place today?"
She glanced up at him, grinning cheerfully as she nodded. "I would."
His eyes twinkled merrily as he dropped a chaste kiss upon her forehead. The memory of the passionate kiss they'd shared last night came rushing back. What would happen if they went to his place alone? Though the thought did cause some fear, she couldn't stop her pulse from racing with excitement.
A commotion drew her eyes to the center of the cafeteria. Marcy had grabbed a chair and was pulling it into the middle of the room. Mrs. Kindel shook her head, but didn't stop her as Marcy brought forth a microphone from somewhere and climbed onto the chair.
"Hello, testing." Everyone in the room winced as the microphone squealed loudly. "Ok, I have some announcements to make," Marcy continued when the noise died down.
Cassie glanced at Melissa, who smiled back at her with a superior grin and a quick wink. Groaning inwardly, she slid down in her chair in the hope that she could somehow be overlooked. Devon studied Marcy like she was some sort of strange bug.
"What's this about?" he asked.
"Homecoming nominations."
Uncertainty swirled in his eyes. Cassie stared questioningly at him, but he didn't say anything more. For a moment, she could have sworn that he hadn't known what she was talking about. But that couldn't be possible, no matter how small a school he had come from, they would still have homecoming, wouldn't they?
He leaned back as a mask of indifference slipped over his face. Cassie's heartbeat picked up as their eyes locked forcefully. All of her doubts vanished as his thumb stroking over her skin caused her body to heat everywhere. She could not wait to be alone with him later.
"Now, when I call your name please come up here. Thanks. Nominees for homecoming king are Mark Young, Hector Rodriguez, Jack Wells, Chris Tempen…."
Cassie clapped loudly as Marcy called off Chris's name. Chris's fair skin turned red as he stood to a raucous chorus of cheers and whistles. He bowed and waved as if he were royalty as he made his way to the other guys. Marcy frowned disapprovingly and her voice broke off as the cheers continued.
"Ok, settle down!" Marcy called into the microphone. She waited impatiently, her foot tapping, and her arms folded across her chest as the applause died down. Marcy rolled her eyes but as she glanced down at the piece of paper in her hand, a sly smile played across her lips. "The final nominee is Devon Knight."
Cassie's mouth dropped as mostly female cries of delight, and loud clapping, sounded throughout the room. Devon remained in his chair, a blank expression on his face, but a hard gleam in his eyes. This was not his thing, not at all, and it was more than obvious that he didn't like it. She wasn't entirely sure he even knew what it meant.
Then he pushed the chair back, slid elegantly from it and rose gracefully. He glanced down at Cassie, warmth momentarily melting the ice in his eyes. The cheers grew louder, the higher pitch of the girl's voices reverberated in the large cafeteria as he moved to join Chris and the others. Though some of the boys clapped, including Chris, most didn't.
This time, Marcy didn't urge everyone to settle down as she smiled brilliantly. Resentment filled Cassie as she took note of all the girls ravenously staring at Devon. Marcy was the worst offender, as her crush on Chris had switched to Devon. Though Cassie knew that Devon didn't desire any of them, she still didn't like the fact that they all wanted him. Not one of them gave a damn that he was already with her.
"It's ok," Melissa said as she leaned forward to be heard over the commotion.
"I know."
"Then why are you glaring at every girl in this room like you're going to hit them?" she inquired.
"Maybe not every girl."
"Just Marcy?" Cassie couldn't stop the laugh that escaped her as she shook her head at Melissa's teasing.
She tried to catch Devon's eye, but he didn't look at her again as he studied the other boys. Jack and Hector were playfully pushing each other; Mark was wearing a goofy grin and flexing his muscles. Chris was standing quietly, his arms folded over his chest, but he was beaming from ear to ear as he winked at the girls closest to him. Even though he looked only seventeen or eighteen, Devon seemed vastly older and out of place amongst them.
"Now the nominees for homecoming queen," Marcy continued when the noise finally died down. "They are Amanda Jenkins, Sharon Crosby, Kelly Standish, Cassandra Fairmont…" Loud cheers and whistles erupted around the room as she rose, but unlike Devon, her appreciative audience was mostly male.
Cassie's cheeks erupted with a hot flush as she slipped from the table. She tried to keep her shoulders straight as she hurried to stand beside Kelly. The dark, angry looks from most of the girls, and the leering stares from the boys, followed her across the room. She could feel the mixed emotions coming from the kids around her and it made her skin crawl. Trying to keep as collected as she could, she kept her face expressionless, but inwardly she was a seething mass of turmoil.
Marcy tapped impatiently at the microphone to get everyone's attention as the caterwauling died down to only a few whistles and shouts. Devon's jaw clenched as he briefly met Cassie's gaze. "And finally," Marcy continued. "Myself."
There was more applause, but it was not as enthusiastic, and Marcy was unable to hide her annoyance. "Here are your nominees for king and queen, voting will begin in two weeks. Everyone, consider your candidates carefully and vote on the people you think deserve it most. Thank you all."
Marcy dismounted from her chair, eagerly accepting the congratulations she received as she made her way through the crowd. Cassie wished she could be as thrilled as Marcy, but she'd never wanted popularity and the attention that came with it. Unfortunately she'd been launched into the role during her freshman year, when puberty set in.
It had taken her awhile to learn how to deal with the sudden influx of interest. Over the years she'd gotten better with it, but she still didn't like being in the spotlight. She most certainly didn't want to be swamped by a bunch of people trying to congratulate her. She wasn't surprised that most of them were boys.
Devon was also surrounded by a group of people, most of them girls, but a few of the guys shook his hand. He looked highly uncomfortable as Ariel Drake grasped hold of his hand and nearly fell over him as she leaned close. Cassie fought back a smile of amusement as he gave Ariel a wan smile while discreetly trying to free his hand from her death grip. He finally succeeded, but Janet and Jenna Howe immediately pounced on him. Cassie would have to rescue him if he was ever going to get free from the swarm of girls. By the look on his face, he was in desperate need of rescuing.
Mark Johnson stepped in front of her and blocked her attempt at getting to Devon. Fighting back the urge to groan and roll her eyes, Cassie met his dark, stormy gaze. "Hello Cassandra, I've been trying to get you alone for the past few days, but you're always busy."
Cassie glanced back at Devon, but now he was encircled by Linda Drake, Helen Potts, and Marcy had reappeared. "I'm sorry Mark…"
She tried to move around him, but he sidestepped to block her path. She frowned up at him, aggravated by the interruption. "I just wanted to congratulate you Cassandra." Mark always called her by her full name; she suspected it was because he thought it would separate him from everyone else in her life. It didn't. His eyes sparked as his gaze ran over her appreciatively. Unable to stop herself, she took an involuntary step back. She hated the way his leering always made her feel as if he could see right through her clothes. "Maybe you'll be my queen."
As much as the idea made her stomach turn, Cassie managed a brief nod. "Maybe."
She tried to sidestep him again, but once more he blocked her path. Aggravation level quickly rising, Cassie folded her arms firmly over her chest as she glared at him. "I was thinking that maybe we could go to B's and S's tonight." Cassie was already shaking her head, but he continued on. "Maybe catch a movie."
"No Mark, I'm sorry."
He continued to block her path when she tried to escape him. This time however, there was no amusement, or appreciation for her, in his eyes. Cassie was stunned by the hostility she saw looking back at her. "Is this because you've become the new guy's toy?"
"I'm nobody's toy Mark!" she retorted.
"Slut then?"
Cassie recoiled as if she'd been slapped. She'd never been verbally attacked like this before, nor had she ever been called that horrible word. She took a step back, but he followed her. His eyes burned as he bore down on her, his mouth pursed, and his large shoulders set rigidly. She wasn't worried about her physical safety, she didn't think he would do anything here and she was stronger than he was. If she could fight off a vampire, she could fight off an incensed teenage boy, but it was the last thing she wanted to do in a crowded cafeteria.
"You know what you are Cassandra, you're just a tease. You're a twisted bitch that loves to play with people's emotions and wrap them around your little finger."
Cassie's mind searched for words that momentarily failed her. Swallowing heavily, she tried to think of something that would somehow ease the tension of the situation. "I have never led you on Mark."
"You strut around here like you're better than all of us!" he barked.
Bile rose in Cassie's throat, her stomach turned and knotted. The words stung like a whip, but it was cold fury that made her nauseous. She didn't know what was wrong with Mark, but she sensed that he was rapidly losing control. She searched for some kind of help, but everyone was busy congratulating the nominees, or escaping for their next class. She couldn't even see Devon anymore, Mark completely blocked him out.
She was on her own.
"Mark, I'm sorry, I…"
"You're a whore!"
Cassie's jaw dropped, her arms encircled her stomach as she worked to keep her lunch down. "Mark…"
"A no good whore," he growled. Cassie just barely dodged his beefy hand as he reached out to grab her. He was completely enraged; she had never seen someone get so angry so quickly and for the first time she was actually afraid of him. "Whore! Giving it away to everyone…"
Mark's feet came off the floor as he was yanked back and away from her. For a confounding moment she didn't know what had happened, and then she saw Devon as he shoved Mark against the wall and wrapped his hand around Mark's throat. His green eyes were dark and dangerous, his lithe body taut with anger.
"Don't you ever talk to her like that again!" he snarled. Mark coughed as his eyes bulged and he began to thrash in Devon's grasp. "Do you understand me?"
Mark nodded enthusiastically, coughing again as he labored to breathe. His fingers clawed at the hold Devon had on him, but Devon's grip didn't lessen. Though Devon was a little shorter than and not as broad as Mark, it was more than obvious that he was quite capable of beating Mark in a fight. In fact, Cassie was fairly certain that Mark wouldn't stand a chance.
"If you ever even talk to her again," Devon's voice was pitched so low that even Cassie had to strain to hear him. "I will make you pay for it, and this will look like it was a good time."
A chill swept down her spine at the threat, a threat she was certain he would make good on. Mark managed another brief nod, his eyes rolled as he glanced at Cassie. Devon shoved him back again and released him at the same time. Slumping forward, Mark rested his hands on his knees as he gasped for air. Devon took a step toward her, effectively putting his body between the two of them.
Cassie peered around Devon's back, too flabbergasted to fully comprehend everything that had just happened. Mark's face was beet red from lack of oxygen. His shoulders were rigid, but he didn't look at either of them as he stormed into the crowd. Cassie's heart sunk as she took in the students still present to witness what had just happened. Though the cafeteria had emptied a lot, there were at least twenty of them still gathered about. It would only be a matter of time before this incident was all over the school. Oh well, she thought, she wouldn't have had the time to campaign for homecoming queen anyway.
Devon turned toward her, his eyes intense and dark as his jaw clenched. "Are you ok?" Cassie blinked at him in surprise, unable to get her malfunctioning brain to work correctly as she tried to focus her full attention on him. "Cassie, are you ok?"
He reached for her and pulled her a step closer to him. The touch she'd always found so soothing, now only served to confuse her further. What she had just seen, it couldn't have been possible, could it? She studied him as her mind spun. Could a human be that strong?
But what else could he be, but human?
"Who are you?" The words popped out in a choked whisper before she could stop them.
The hands on her arms tightened as his body stiffened. A look of resignation filled his eyes, Cassie had the sinking feeling that she'd somehow managed to push him away from her with her question. "Did he hurt you?" he demanded.
Cassie shook her head as she tried to clear her foggy mind. "No," she managed to whisper.
His cold and distant gaze ran over her. "Let's get you to class."
This was not the Devon she knew. He was not the man that gazed at her warmly, and touched her reverently. This Devon was cold and distant, and she was the one that had caused this change in him. He'd been trying to protect her, and in her confusion she'd pushed him away. She may not know as much about him as she would like, but part of the fun in a relationship was supposed to be getting to know the other person. Wasn't it?
She glanced at where he'd pinned Mark against the wall and lifted him as if he weighed no more than a feather. The strength it had taken was amazing, startling. It was a strength she'd never seen in a human being before. She turned back to study him as her doubts began to snowball into full fledged panic.
Who was he? What was he?
He gently took hold of her arm, but she could feel the cold detachment in his touch. She turned to Melissa and Chris for help. Melissa's head was tilted curiously to the side. Chris gave Devon a brief nod of approval, one that Cassie instantly recognized as a "guy" thing. Chris didn't see anything wrong with what had just happened.
Cassie rolled her eyes at Chris. She would never understand men, and their vast amounts of testosterone. "Come on Cassie," Devon urged, though his tone was soothing she could still hear the tension in it.
She followed him out of the cafeteria, so lost in her own thoughts that at first she didn't notice the whispers and glances coming from those around them. Gradually, they penetrated her haze. Pride reared up to shove aside her confusion as she straightened her shoulders and tried to ignore the rapidly spreading gossip.


CHAPTER 17
Cassie played idly with a blade of grass she pulled from the ground. She was tired, achy, and more than a little chilled. The sudden drop in temperature that had started earlier in the week, had made the night far cooler than she was prepared for with her flimsy windbreaker. She huddled deeper into her jacket; she knew it wasn't only the night that chilled her, but also the events of the day.
She'd seen Devon only briefly at the end of the school day. He'd still seemed detached, and not completely himself. He hadn't mentioned going over to his place again and she hadn't brought it up either. She'd needed to get away from him for a little bit, to clear her mind, but it wasn't working out as well as she'd hoped.
She tried not to think about his seeming detachment or the doubts that continuously plagued her mind. She tried to keep herself focused on the here and now, but her mind wouldn't cooperate. She shuddered as she flipped her collar up.
"It's not that cold out," Chris muttered as he scanned the cemetery.
Cassie shrugged absently before she returned to picking at the grass. She just wanted to go home as soon as possible; she hoped that Devon would come to her room again tonight. Her heart lurched in her chest and her pulse pounded in her ears. It was unreasonable, unnatural the way she felt. Her concerns about him should slow her down, should make her more wary of him, but they didn't. She cared more about seeing him than she did about the possibility that there might be something truly off about him.
Melissa threw aside the English essay she had been working on. For a moment Cassie thought that something was about to happen. That a fight was finally about to ensue, and Cassie was spoiling for a fight. Then, Melissa pinned her with her intense, steady gaze. "Ok, what's up?"
"Nothing," she answered automatically.
Melissa gave her the 'I'm not an idiot look,' and lifted her dark eyebrows almost to her hairline. "Come on Cassie, we know you better than that. Something's on your mind and it has you pretty upset. Now spill."
Chris and Luther gazed at her inquisitively. Cassie tossed away the blades of grass and climbed to her feet. Though she felt as if she might be betraying Devon by talking with them, she knew Melissa and Chris were the two people that would have the most insight into him.
She paced back and forth, not sure how to begin. Finally, she just decided to jump in. "What exactly have you seen about Devon?"
Melissa's dark eyes becoming turbulent and distant before she shook back her black braid and focused on Cassie once more. "Aside from his arrival, I've seen nothing else about him."
"What did you see about his arrival?" Cassie demanded..
Melissa tilted her head curiously. "Not much Cass, I just saw him coming, and I saw brief glimpses of the two of you together. I knew that he was coming for you."
Those last three words caused a chill to run down Cassie's spine. Coming for her, he was coming for her. But why? Cassie felt like a turtle as she tried to pull all of her exposed skin into her jacket. "You saw nothing wrong with him though?" she asked.
The three of them exchanged surprised, wary looks, before focusing their attention on her once more. "No Cassie, not at all. I would have warned you if I had. Why are you asking this?"
Cassie chose to ignore the question as she turned to Chris. "And what did you feel from him?"
Chris looked briefly confused before shaking his head. "Not much," he admitted. "I told you I can't really read him."
"Why is that?" The chill in her became an ice storm that seemed to freeze the blood in her veins.
"I don't know Cassie, I really don't. For the most part there is an impenetrable wall around him that I can't break through, and believe me I've tried. That guy is a challenge that I would love to master, but I can't."
She swallowed heavily, trying to huddle deeper into her jacket, but there was nowhere for her to go. There was nowhere for her to hide anymore. How did a human keep Chris at bay? Unless, of course, he really did possess the same ability as Chris, and somehow that kept Chris blocked out.
Then, she caught something he'd said. "For the most part?"
He folded his arms over his chest as he leaned back against a white oak tree. "There is one thing that he can't keep blocked out."
"What's that?" Melissa asked eagerly when Chris didn't continue.
Chris's gaze pierced Cassie. "His feelings for you. He can't keep those hidden, they radiate from him like a lighthouse beacon calling home the ships. It's why I kinda like the guy."
She felt warm and giddy all the way to her frozen toes. "Really?" she croaked.
"Yes."
Tears burned the backs of her eyes, but she wouldn't let herself shed them. Not here, not in front of them. "Why are you asking this Cassie?" Luther inquired.
"I was just wondering," she tried to bluff.
It was more than obvious that he didn't believe her. "You never just wonder, now what is going on?"
She restlessly paced back and forth, unsure of how much she should say. "Didn't you find the incident in the cafeteria today odd?"
Chris's face darkened like thunderclouds, Melissa nodded eagerly. "I can't believe Mark said those things to you! I was going to punch that guy myself if Devon hadn't got there first!" Chris spat.
"He was wicked quick to defend you," Melissa added.
Cassie sighed as Melissa's eyes took on a dreamy look; apparently she'd decided to jump on the "I love Devon" bandwagon also. Was she the only one that had noticed something off about what had happened today? And just how quick had Devon been to get there? The last time Cassie had seen Devon, he'd been across the cafeteria, and then suddenly he was tossing Mark around like a rag doll.
"Another reason I like the guy," Chris muttered.
Luther studied them all carefully before piercing her once again with his intense gray eyes. "There's more, isn't there?"
"Yes." Taking a deep breath, Cassie decided to just plunge in. She had to unload some of her confusion and doubts on someone. "I've come to care for him, a lot." That was the understatement of the year, but she intended to keep some things to herself. "And I realize that I know nothing about him."
"Well, he's new," Melissa defended. "It takes time to get to know someone."
"I know that, I understand that. What I don't understand is how he sensed that evil presence the other day…"
"What?" Melissa interrupted brusquely.
"He knew that it was there, even before we did. I felt it in him, felt the tension that took hold of him moments before we even felt it. He knew it was there…"
"There are humans with special abilities," Chris interjected.
"Yes, I know that, but this was different Chris. I don't know how to explain it, but it was. Then today, in the cafeteria, the strength he displayed. What human could do that?"
They exchanged quick glances. "Some humans are very strong."
"That strong Melissa?" Cassie demanded harshly. "He lifted Mark with one hand, and Mark isn't exactly a lightweight. One hand!" Cassie realized her voice had taken on a slightly hysterical pitch, but she couldn't help it.
"What are you trying to say Cassie?" Luther prodded. "Do you think he might be a Hunter also?"
"I don't know. That's why I'm talking to you guys about this. Wouldn't you know if he was?"
Luther frowned as he absently shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. I would like to think so, but things are so different now. I can look for Hunter's, but there is no guarantee that I'll know them when I find them. Melissa had a premonition about yours and Chris's location. You were easy enough to find as I'd met your mother once, and you look a lot like her. I don't know if I would recognize him if he is one."
Cassie slowly digested this, she supposed that would make sense, but it still didn't ease her anxiety. "He said that his parents had been killed, but he didn't say how, maybe they were actually killed during The Slaughter. But if he does have Chris's ability, wouldn't he be able to sense us? Wouldn't he come to us instead of being on his own?"
"He may not know what we are," Melissa said. "If he is keeping Chris blocked, then Chris may be doing the same thing to him."
"Maybe," Cassie muttered, still not completely convinced.
"I don't understand where you're going with this," Melissa told her. "What do you think he is?"
Cassie threw her hands up impatiently as she resumed pacing. "I don't know!"
"You don't think there is something wrong with him, do you?"
Cassie frowned as she bit her bottom lip. "I… no… I don't know," she finished lamely.
They inhaled loudly as their foreheads furrowed with doubt and confusion. "No Cassie, I would have seen that," Melissa said, though her voice was hesitant and not quite as confident as normal.
"And the way that he feels about you." Chris shook his head as he stepped away from the tree. "No. No one can feel that strongly about someone if there's something wrong with them. What he feels is very pure and it's… well I have never felt anything like it before. I know that I've never felt that way about anyone. It's amazing Cassie, that's the only way I can describe it, and it's the only thing that gets through."
Tears burned her eyes again. "Really?" she breathed.
He gave her a lopsided grin as his shaggy hair fell into one of his sapphire eyes. "Would I lie to you?"
She managed a wan smile. Though they'd managed to ease some of her concerns, she couldn't quite shake all of her doubts. There were just so many things that she didn't know. She desperately hoped he would come to her room again tonight. Maybe if she talked to him she would feel better about this whole situation.
A flash of movement amongst the trees caught her attention. Her head shot to the left as she searched the shadowed woods. Though Luther hadn't thought it was a good idea to come out here tonight, they'd insisted upon it. Some of the stories in the paper had led Luther to believe that there was also a young vampire on the Cape again. Two bodies had been found, mauled with little or no blood left in their system. It had taken a lot of persuasion, but Luther had finally conceded to let them come to the cemetery in the hopes that it would roam this way.
"It's out there," she whispered.
"Is it The Elder?" Luther demanded.
Cassie shook her head as Chris answered him. "No."
Another flash turned Cassie to the left. She braced her legs and set her shoulders as she prepared for the imminent attack. It didn't matter that they outnumbered the creature; it would still come for them thinking they were a buffet of easy targets.
Leaves from the wood line exploded outward and scattered across the grass of the cemetery. The creature rushed them in a blur of motion that would have been imperceptible to the human eye, but Cassie picked up on it instantly. She braced herself, twisting her stake within her grasp as she bounced on her heels in preparation.
Though her thoughts had been focused on Devon during training, years of training took over as adrenaline and anticipation coursed through her veins. The monster ran in a heedless charge for Chris first. Chris turned and dodged the creature at the last second. Swinging out, Chris caught hold of him as he slammed a fist into the creature's shoulder. The young vampire, a man, grunted loudly as he staggered forward beneath the force of Chris's blow. Though he was off balance and caught by surprise, he was still hungry and volatile.
His reddened eyes latched on Cassie, his lips pulled back in a sneer as he caught scent of what he thought would be the easier prey. Cassie grinned invitingly and waved her fingers at him. She welcomed the fight, she needed to rid herself of her pent up, frustrated energy. The creature snarled as it lunged at her with its hands curled into claws as it aimed for her neck. A small chuckle escaped her; the young vamp was stupid that was for sure. It didn't stop to think that it might be outnumbered and that a retreat should be considered. Instead, all it could think about was blood and feeding, and destroying life.
It launched itself at her with its hands outstretched as it looked to devour her. Thrusting her hand up, she used the palm of her hand to smash upward. His head cracked back, his blood red eyes rolled back in his head as his teeth bit into his chin. Blood spilled down his chin, but it didn't slow him down. Seizing hold of her, his hands painfully dug into her upper arms as he dragged her forward.
She didn't panic, didn't even feel a spurt of apprehension as his lips pulled back. His fetid breath washed over her, causing her gag reflex to react instantly. Lifting her leg, she slammed her knee into his groin. He howled as he bent over and grabbed the now offended center of his manhood. Fisting her hands, she drove them into his back knocking him to his knees.
The attack was so fast that Chris, Melissa, and Luther hadn't had a chance to react. Now they moved swiftly, converging on the creature that was trying to get up. He stumbled to his feet, but Chris got to him first. Driving the stake deep into its back, the creature grunted in surprise as Chris twisted it in.
Cassie tried to turn off her guilt as the creature mewled. It's now brown eyes pleaded for mercy as they met hers, but it was already too late, and no mercy could be given in this situation. Remorse filled her as the young man released another low moan before collapsing before them. She shouldn't feel sorry; he would have killed her if he'd had the chance. It was survival of the fittest after all, and luckily this time they'd been the fittest.
But as they moved the body into the woods she couldn't stop herself from thinking that before he'd become a monster, he'd been someone's son, maybe even someone's brother or husband. She couldn't stand to think about the suffering that his family had gone through. Couldn't stand to think about what the man had probably suffered before he'd been killed the first time.
Cassie inhaled a shaky breath as she tried to rid herself of the lingering thoughts of his pleading gaze. She could never allow herself to glimpse the man behind the monster again. She couldn't do this anymore if she was unable to separate the two. She needed to see Devon, even if he couldn't know about this aspect of her life he could help to ease the choking loneliness and guilt she constantly dealt with.
A chill shot down her spine, the hair on the nape of her neck and arms stood on end. Alarm and disbelief crossed Chris and Melissa's faces as they turned toward the area where the evil suddenly seeped from. "It's out there," Chris whispered.
"Yes," Luther agreed as he stepped closer to them. "Let's go. We have to get you out of here. Now!" he barked, when none of them moved right away.
"Why doesn't it just come after us?" Cassie pondered.
"I don't know, but let's not tempt it. Come on, we have to leave now," Luther urged as he nudged Chris and Melissa forward.
Cassie studied the shadowy interior of the woods. She could make out the different elms, oaks, tupelos, and locusts, but she couldn't see anything else amongst the trees. Not even an animal stirred, apparently even they had been scared away by the evil in their midst. "Do you see anything?" Chris inquired.
Cassie shook her head as she fisted her hands. "We have to go!" Luther hissed.
Though Cassie didn't want to turn tail and run from the monster in the woods, she found herself hurrying toward Luther's Toyota Camry. She slid into the backseat, and her gaze instantly turned back to the window. She half expected to see it standing at the window, its face twisted into a hideous scowl, ready and eager to slaughter them all.
But there was nothing there.
"It's playing with us," Chris said quietly.
Cassie was taken aback by how pale and hollow his features had suddenly become. "Chris?" she inquired worriedly.
His hand trembled as he lifted it toward her. He desperately needed to touch her, to connect with something other than the evil overwhelming his ability. He was shaking when he clasped hold of her hand and his fingers dug into hers. He looked sickly in the glow of the dashboard as he inhaled a harsh breath.
"Chris, what's wrong?" she demanded.
"Drive," he ordered in a gruff voice.
Luther jolted a little, shifted the car into drive, and slammed on the gas. Cassie was thrown against the seat, but she didn't lose her grip on Chris's quivering hand. Luther peeled down the road, kicking up a spray of dirt and rocks that rattled off the undercarriage of the car as they fishtailed. Cassie had a glimpse of headstones only inches from the car before the back wheels finally caught on the road once more.
Luther sped down the loosely graveled road at speeds far beyond what was safe, but nowhere near fast enough for Cassie. He barely hesitated before he shot onto the main road. Chris shuddered again, but his eyes cleared, and his face regained some color.
"Are you ok?" she asked.
He nodded, inhaled a shaky breath and nodded again. "Yes, yes, I'm fine."
He sounded as if he were trying to reassure himself as much as her. "What happened?"
Another tremor wracked through him and his hand tightened on hers. "It let me inside for a moment, I think, on purpose. I wasn't trying to probe it when suddenly I found myself sucked in. The pure evil…"
He broke off as his gaze flew toward the window. "It was just awful. Whatever that thing is, it's enjoying toying with us, playing with us, batting us around until it's ready to pounce." He shuddered again. "We can't abandon anyone," he whispered.
"And we're not going to," Cassie assured him as she tried to ignore the pain his grip was causing her.
"It's playing with us for now, but when it's ready, it is going to kill us. Before then though, it's going to wreak a lot of havoc on this town." He turned toward her, his eyes bright in the dim interior of the car. "It is going to destroy us."
Though Cassie couldn't get words past the lump in her throat, she knew that Chris was right.


CHAPTER 18
"Looks like you have company."
Cassie's mouth parted at the spectacle of the sleek Challenger sitting in her driveway. Sighing in relief, she realized she'd truly feared she wouldn't see Devon tonight. But there was his car, sitting in her driveway, and he was inside doing God only knew what with her grandma. "Well, I'll be," she murmured.
Chris managed to give her a shaky smile, but it was nowhere near the normal, self assured, cocky grin that she loved. His eyes looked older, more worn and tired than she'd ever seen them. His confident aura had been replaced by one that seemed beaten. For the first time Cassie was truly grateful that she hadn't received any of the "gifts" that had been bestowed upon Chris and Melissa. "Chris…"
"I had better get going," he interrupted as he turned away from her and shut off the car.
"Are you going to come over tonight?"
He sat for a moment before shaking his head. "No, I had better stay with my mom. She may need my protection."
Cassie glanced at his house. All the lights were on, music and loud laughter poured from the open windows. There were five cars in the drive that Cassie didn't recognize. These were the nights that Chris always fled to her room.
"Did you tell her what was going on?"
He shrugged absently. "Yes, but you know her, there isn't anything she can't drink away."
"Chris…"
"Go on Cassie, I'll be fine. You have company."
"After he leaves…"
The haunted look in his eyes robbed her of her breath. "I'll be ok."
Before she could say anything more, he flung the door open and climbed from the car. Cassie waited for a moment before she threw her door open and joined him in the brisk fall night. She inhaled greedy gulps of air. She couldn't rid herself of the worry that she was losing Chris.
"Chris…"
"I'll see you in the morning."
He didn't look at her as he shoved his hands in his pockets and hurried forward. Her heart broke for him as she watched him disappear into the house. Tears slid down her cheeks as she made her way to her door. She paused before going in to wipe away her tears as she valiantly tried to regain control of herself. It took her a few minutes, but eventually the tears dried up and she felt stable enough to enter.
The warm aura of the room seemed out of place with her dark mood. The wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air and Cassie's eager stomach rumbled. She was far more ravenous to see him then she was for food though. Moving through the kitchen, she eagerly followed the drifting voices coming from the dining room.
Stepping across the threshold, she was surprised to find her grandmother and Devon sitting at the dining room table. A plate of banana bread, and a deck of cards, sat between them. A lively smile lit her grandmother's pretty face as her eyes gleamed with amusement.
"Cassandra, you're home!" The vast relief in her voice caused Cassie a twinge of guilt. "Your friend stopped by."
Cassie braced herself before turning her full attention to Devon. Her heart knocked against her ribs and her breath froze as his emerald eyes seared into her. He was sitting casually in the chair with his cards held loosely in his fine boned hand, and his legs stretched before him. Though his posture was one of relaxation she could still feel the tension between them.
"Cassie." She loved the sound of his voice, the melodic flow of it. It didn't wipe away the awful events of the night, but it helped to alleviate some of the raw guilt that had taken up residence in her soul.
"I told you she'd be home before ten, that's when the library closes." Her grandma threw a card onto the table and moved some pegs on the cribbage board. "Your dinner is still warming in the oven dear, why don't you grab it while I finish beating your friend in cribbage."
He was playing her grandma in cribbage? She stared at him in disbelief as he grinned back at her. "She thinks she's going to beat me, but she's wrong."
"Oh, but I will."
Cassie shook her head and turned away. The whole night had been surreal, but this part of it seemed absolutely ludicrous. The object of her obsession was sitting at her dining room table playing cribbage with her grandmother for crying out loud! She wondered if she'd fallen asleep in the cemetery, she felt that would make more sense than this.
Though she wasn't hungry anymore, she robotically gathered the warm plate of chicken from the oven. The extra plate still sitting there, waiting for Chris, tugged at her heart. Her gaze slid to the window, but nothing had changed across the street. Turning away, she gathered silverware and napkins. She was stretching for a glass when she felt him against her. She started slightly, he'd been as soundless as a ghost, but the feel of him was instantly soothing to her raw nerves. His chest pressed against her shoulder as he stretched around her to grab two glasses from the cabinet.
Cassie instinctively melted against him as she sought his strength to wash away the ragged memories of the night. Seeming to sense her need, he brushed her hair back. His fingers caressed her neck as he kissed her temple. "How did studying go?"
She'd been so lost in his touch that the question took her by surprise. "Huh? Oh ah, fine, it was fine."
"That's good. Your grandmother would like a ginger ale."
Cassie took the glasses from him. Turning she met his heated gaze. It took all she had not to throw her arms around him, bury herself in his embrace and forget all the worries of the world. But she couldn't do it. Not with her grandmother in the next room, not with Chris across the street wounded and broken, and not with some monster hunting the innocent people of their town.
"Ok." She reluctantly moved away from him. Opening the fridge she removed the ginger ale and root beer. "Have you been here awhile?"
"Not long. I wanted to check on you after today, maybe take you for a walk."
Cassie shuddered at the thought of being outside again, exposed to that evil, vulnerable to it. "That would have been nice, little late now," she mumbled in response.
"Hm." He was studying her intently when she turned back around. Before she knew what he was doing, he plucked a blade of grass from the arm of the jacket she'd forgotten to take off and held it up before her.
"Gym," she lied poorly.
She had the feeling that he didn't believe her for a second. "Didn't realize it was that cold out today," he remarked.
"I chill easily."
His smile widened as he took the glasses from her. "I'll have to keep you warm then." Cassie's mouth went dry, her toes curled at the promise in his husky words. "Come watch me whip your grandmother in cribbage."
Cassie swallowed heavily and managed a small nod. Settling down at the dining room table, her nose involuntarily wrinkled at the sight of the board. Try as she might, she'd never caught onto cribbage. It was a fact that her grandma found very disappointing, as she loved the game. "Thank you Devon, very kind of you."
There was a suggestive tilt to her grandmother's eyebrows as she took her glass from him. Cassie fought against the blush creeping up her cheeks. Focusing on her plate, she picked absently at the pieces of chicken and mashed potatoes. She watched as they continued the game, trading quips and laughing as their pieces progressed around the board. Cassie didn't have the foggiest idea who was winning, but from the smile on her grandma's face she assumed it was her.
With a cry of joy, her grandma moved her peg again and leaned victoriously back in her chair. "I believe that is game."
Devon grinned back at her grandmother, Cassie's fingers itched to brush back the hair that fell boyishly across his forehead. "And a very good one, I wouldn't mind a rematch some time."
"My cribbage team only plays every two weeks, and I wouldn't mind a few practice games in between myself."
Devon turned his charming grin on Cassie. "Don't you play?"
Cassie shook her head as she pushed her plate away. "Cassie has never liked cribbage," her grandma explained.
"Truly? It is a very interesting game, when played right."
Cassie wondered over his words, they sounded so grown up, so outdated. Who said truly anymore? Her fingers clenched around her glass as she tried to think of something other than the nagging suspicions lurking in her mind.
"I never really grasped it," she admitted as she searched his gaze for the answers she sought.
"Then I'll have to teach you one day. You'll enjoy it once you learn."
"I've tried, but it's not my game."
"But if you want a rousing hand of rummy, poker, or spades, Cassie is your girl," her grandma chimed in, apparently unaware of the sudden tension in the room.
"Interesting." Devon's gaze never left Cassie's. "Spades and Faro are two of my favorite games."
Her grandma perked up. "You know how to play Faro?"
Devon finally broke the stare. Cassie hadn't realized that she'd stopped breathing until her lungs greedily gulped down air. "Yes, my grandfather taught me."
"How fascinating, I love Faro! Though, I know almost no one that can play it."
"I have the same problem, it's a lost game."
Cassie couldn't stop herself from speculating just how lost it was. She'd never even heard of the game before. Her gaze darted to her grandma, fear turned her stomach as she realized that she may have also put her grandma's life in peril by allowing this stranger into their lives.
The thought was absolutely ludicrous, he'd never harmed her before, and he'd had plenty of opportunities to do so. In fact, he'd put himself in between her and Mark's crazed advance's today. He'd risked his own safety in order to keep her protected.
"But a very interesting, entertaining game!" her grandma said happily. "We must play sometime, I'm sure Cassie would love it. She enjoys all of the gambling games, and she's very good at them."
"I would like that. A card shark huh?" His intense, penetrating gaze swung back to Cassie. "Wonders never cease."
"Just lucky," she mumbled.
"Exceptionally lucky. If she ever hits Vegas, she'll break the place."
"Let's test that luck." Devon shuffled so swiftly through the deck that Cassie barely saw the cards flashing by. "What would you like to play? Three hand spades? Seven card? Dealer's choice?"
"Dealer's choice," her grandma piped up. "I'll get the pennies."
Her grandma leapt to her feet and headed into the kitchen where she kept the jar of pennies they used for when they played cards. There had been many nights when Chris would join them, and almost as many, when Luther and Melissa would come over. Those nights had become less and less over the past year, a fact that Cassie hadn't realized until now.
A stab of guilt hit her as she realized just how distant she'd grown from her grandma over the past year. She turned toward Devon, thankful for giving her this opportunity to spend time with her grandmother again, especially now, with the circumstances being what they were. There may not be many of these nights left to share with each other.
She met his gaze, her doubts slipping away as she found herself charmed by the smile he gave her. "Are you feeling lucky tonight?" he taunted.
Her toes curled and her face flamed. She hadn't been feeling lucky at all, not until now. "Maybe," she responded with a teasing grin.
His eyes twinkled merrily. "I hope so."
Her mouth went dry, her fingers clenched at the innuendo beneath his smooth tone. "Here we are."
Her grandma happily slapped the jar of pennies down in front of Cassie. "Count them out dear, a dollar each." Cassie dove at the pennies, grateful for the distraction they offered from the man sitting beside her. "Maybe Chris would like to play with us."
Cassie shook her head; she paused counting at twenty three to look at her grandma. "He's staying home tonight, he's tired."
A knowing, sad gleam came into her grandmother's eyes as she leaned back in her chair. "I see."
Cassie couldn't stop herself from glancing back at Devon. He was smiling at her, a promising gleam in his eyes as he leaned forward. "Get those pennies counted."
Her heart hammered with the knowledge that he would return to her room tonight. She thought her head would explode from the blood rapidly pounding through it. Anticipation caused her fingers to shake as she returned to counting the copper mound before her. She had to recount them three times as she kept losing her concentration, but she was finally able to get one dollar together.
Devon took mercy on her and counted out the remaining two dollars. When he was done, he leaned back in his chair and dealt the cards out to them. "Five card stud, penny ante."
Cassie took hold of her cards, but her thoughts were not on the suits before her. She didn't think she would ever be able to concentrate on anything when he was near. After a little while Cassie found herself relaxing as she laughed and joked with them both. The horrifying events from the night weren't forgotten, but they didn't weigh as heavily on her as they had earlier in the evening. She hadn't realized how badly she needed a relaxing, easy night, until now.
They played for almost two hours, until somehow Cassie managed to win all of the pennies. Tossing in the last hand, Devon leaned forward as Cassie happily scooped up her winnings, which would be returned to the jar. "I guess you are lucky," he remarked with an impish smile.
Cassie grinned back at him. "I suppose so."
"Well kids, it is getting late, don't forget that you have school tomorrow," her grandma said pointedly.
Cassie shook her head. "Subtle grandma."
"I try dear," she replied cheerfully. "Devon it was a pleasure to meet you." She extended her hand to him and grasped hold of his. "You must come by more often. We will get everyone together to play next time. Perhaps we'll even teach them Faro, maybe it will be the one game that Cassie can't win."
"I doubt it." He flashed the beautiful smile that Cassie was sure had melted many female hearts before, and her grandmother appeared to be no exception. "But it will be fun to see if we could beat her."
"Yes, yes it would. Goodnight kids."
Her grandma kissed her on the cheek before slipping from the room. "I suppose I should be leaving."
Cassie nodded as she licked her lips nervously. "Ok."
She followed him to the back door and anxiously stood by as he opened it. Bending low, he wrapped his hand tenderly around her neck and pressed his lips to her ear. "It will be easier if you just leave your window open for me tonight."
Cassie froze, trapped like a dear in the headlights as his words seared into her. There was no describing the feeling of longing that slammed through her. In that moment she knew that no matter how many doubts she had about him, her feelings for him would always win out.
She could only manage a small nod as his fingers stroked over her cheek. "See you soon." He brushed a kiss on the bridge of her nose.
He reluctantly pulled away and headed out the door. She watched him until she was sure that he made it safely to his car. She wished she could go with him to make sure he arrived safely at home, or wherever he was going until he came back, but she wouldn't be able to follow him in his car. Her heart pounded, and it took all she had not to flee to her room to eagerly await his return.
Her grandmother was leaning against the doorway of the dining room with a knowing smile when Cassie came back through. "He seems like a very charming and pleasant young man."
Cassie tried to keep her face as impassive as possible while her heart pounded like a jack hammer. "Yes, he is."
There was a knowing gleam in her grandmother's bright eyes. "You seem to like him very much."
"I do," Cassie admitted.
She stepped away from the doorway, moving with brisk agility as she came forward to clasp hold of Cassie's hands. "I'm glad for you dear, but you must be careful."
"I know grandma, I am being careful, I promise."
"I'm not talking about out there dear." She nodded toward the windows. Slipping her hands free she pointed to Cassie's chest. "I'm talking about in here."
Cassie swallowed heavily, knowing that it was already too late to be careful with her heart. It was no longer hers to be careful with. "I will," she said hesitatingly.
Dropping a kiss on her grandmother's cheek, she forced herself not to run as she quickly left the room. Her heart pounded with every step. Arriving at her doorway, she froze, and her legs locked in place. Devon was already standing by her window, with his arms folded over his chest as he casually leaned against the sill. He studied her with a predatory gleam in his eyes that caused her throat to go dry and butterflies to flutter through her stomach.
She didn't know how he'd gotten there so fast, nor did she care. She was just glad he was there. His muscles rippled mouthwateringly as he dropped his arms and stepped away from the window. Her heart pounded as she closed the door and made her way to him.
His arms enveloped her as he pulled her against him. She clung to him as hands entwined in her hair and he cradled her head against his shoulder. "Cassandra." He sounded like a starving man who had just been given a meal. She was more than willing to be that meal.


CHAPTER 19
Devon was standing by the window when she woke early the next morning. The sky was still dark, but the stars had blinked out and the moon had disappeared. Though she didn't make a sound upon waking, he turned toward her. A smile played over his full mouth, but his eyes remained distant.
Frowning, Cassie tossed back her blankets and climbed to her feet. She was surprised to realize that she'd fallen asleep with her clothes on. The hardwood was cool against her bare feet as she silently padded over to him. His arm wrapped around her waist, as he pulled her against his side.
"Anything out there?" She tried to sound carefree but failed miserably.
"Just a few early birds." He briefly nuzzled her hair before kissing her temple and straightened from her.
Cassie studied the early morning as it lightened to pink, and a few birds began to chirp. She could see nothing wrong with the morning, or sense any evil out there. His muscles rippled beneath her touch as her fingers entangled in the soft cotton of his shirt.
They watched as the sun rose over the horizon and the sky flamed with a brilliant array of colors. It was one of the most serene moments of her life. The glow played over his magnificent face, highlighting the rugged planes of it, and illuminating his stunning eyes.
His lips brushed briefly over hers. A firestorm of emotion crashed over her like waves on the sand before he pulled away. "I'll see you at school."
Cassie managed a quick nod, as he briefly kissed her again and reluctantly released her. With startling grace he grasped hold of the tree limb and rapidly swung himself down. Cassie watched in awe as he leapt from the tree, still ten feet from the ground, and landed on the ground effortlessly.
***
Devon put his car into park, and studied the students gathered by what had become his parking spot. They were mostly female, but there were a few boys that had followed the girls. Devon ignored them as he threw the door open and climbed out. He found Cassie instantly among the crowd; her aura was like a homing beacon that he couldn't ignore. She radiated a life force that lit her from the inside out, caused her fair skin to glow, and her exquisite eyes to gleam in the morning sun.
The tightness constricting his chest since he'd left her, relaxed. In all of his many years, he'd never felt this way about someone before. He understood Annabelle's unwavering devotion better now, understood that he never could have been what she'd desired. Understood what it was to need someone as badly as Annabelle had needed Liam and it terrified him.
"Devon, I'm so glad that you're here! I wanted to talk to you about your nomination." Marcy's pretty face lit with an eager smile as she stepped in front of him. Though she was as annoying as a gnat, he managed to offer her a smile in return. "I think you're going to win, and since there's a good possibility that I will be queen, I think we should coordinate our outfits, or maybe even go together."
He wasn't at all surprised by her brazenness, or the fact that she wouldn't accept his refusal of her. He'd come across more than a few women like her in his long lifetime. "I don't think so Marcy." He moved to walk around her, but she sidestepped quickly.
"Well why not?" She planted her hands on her hips as her delicate brow furrowed angrily.
"Because I will be taking Cassie to the dance."
"After what happened yesterday?"
His brows knit together as he frowned at her. "What happened yesterday?"
"With Mark Young," she reminded him impatiently. "That was awful. I can't believe she led him on so badly. I always liked Cassandra, but I never realized what an awful person she is. I mean…"
"Enough!" he cut in harshly as he looked toward Cassie. Though she was well out of hearing range, she was frowning and her forehead was creased. He turned his attention back to Marcy as he struggled to control his annoyance at the girl. "Yesterday was not her fault, and I don't want to hear one bad word you have to say about her. Ever!"
He quickly moved around her. Cassie watched him warily as he approached, her smile had vanished. "What was that about?" Melissa nodded toward where Marcy still stood with her mouth agape.
"Nothing."
The last thing he wanted was for Cassie to know anything that Marcy had said. Though Melissa didn't look appeased, she didn't press him farther. There was a bruised look in Cassie's eyes as she gazed at him. He glanced back at where Marcy stood, about fifty feet away. A group of girls had gathered around to console her. Though he could hear what they were saying, and didn't like it, there was no way that Cassie could hear them above the noise of the other students or the radios. No human could.
She must have assumed that they were talking about her. That had to be it, he decided. Otherwise, if she could hear them, then that would make her something… Well, it would make her something other than human.
Devon studied her carefully, trying to decipher the mystery that she suddenly offered. She was most certainly not a vampire, he would have known that instantly, and she wouldn't be here. Not in broad daylight, and not with a bunch of high school students. He was the exception to the rule, on both counts, for the most part. He also would have smelled it on her, would have sensed it in her blood.
No, she was definitely not one of his kind. But then, what was she? She couldn't be a Hunter, he'd heard they'd all been killed off, and he suspected that he would have sensed that in her too. But if she'd heard his conversation…
The thought trailed off in the face of her distress. He pulled her close in an attempt to ease her sorrow. She had to be human, that was all she could be. He was making far more of it then he should.
Glancing around the car, he was surprised to realize that it was only Chris and Melissa standing with her. Usually there was a crowd gathered around, mostly males, causing a raucous as they humiliated themselves while vying for her attention. Today, there was an exaggerated berth around them as glances and whispers were cast Cassie's way. Even with him over here, the girls didn't approach.
"I have become a pariah," she said as she gave him a wan smile.
He glanced back at the crowds gathered together; he tried hard, but was unable to ignore the whispers directed her way. Somehow, what happened in the cafeteria yesterday had been twisted, and turned against her. He didn't know how it had happened, he wasn't entirely sure how the minds of teenagers worked, but somehow they had cast her into the role of villain, and they were keeping her there. He thought it was partly due to jealousy on behalf of the girls, and resentment on behalf of the boys, but he also knew that he played a large role in it.
Due to what he was, he was like a Venus flytrap enticing its prey, moments before snagging it and draining the life from it. Though he didn't kill anymore, the powerful lure was unable to be turned off. His inherent magnetism had pulled in a good amount of the female population in town and caused resentment toward Cassie to fester.
The boys didn't like the fact that she'd rebuked them all, disdaining their advances over and over, and then accepting his. Their pride had been bruised, their ego's bashed, and they were not happy about it. Though many of them had never liked him, they'd also turned on her now. He didn't care what they thought of him, but she didn't deserve their disdain and spite.
He fought the urge to take her from here and shelter her from the inane cruelty of the foolish human race but he knew he couldn't do that. His life wasn't tied up in these people, and this school, but hers was. She had to live out this part of her life, had to fulfill her dreams and her hopes, and her future.
"Ridiculous," Chris muttered.
Devon glanced over at Chris as he pulled Cassie a step closer to his side. Chris's eyes seemed far older than they had yesterday as he met Devon's gaze over top of the car. He didn't know what had happened to Chris between yesterday and today to cause such a change, but he was certain that it was far worse than what was going on with the student body surrounding them now.
Cassie shrugged, her fingers curled into his back. "It's alright. Let them believe what they will."
Melissa bent into the car to grab her backpack. "They're a bunch of jealous idiots Cass."
Cassie bit into her bottom lip as she managed a brief nod. "Well, I didn't aspire to be homecoming queen anyway."
"We know."
Cassie and Melissa exchanged a small smile before Cassie turned to look up at him, with a teasing gleam in her eyes. "I won't make you coordinate, but you probably will win king."
Devon started in surprise and his hands tightened around her. He glanced back to where Marcy still stood and tuned his ears in order to hear what they were saying. He had to sort through all of the background noise before pinpointing the exact conversation. It took him only a second to do this, but no human ever could.
She could not have heard that conversation, it was impossible; it was only a coincidence that she'd mocked Marcy's statement.
"Marcy always did want it though," Melissa said.
"Yeah," Chris agreed.
"Now she has it. Good for her, she'll do better with it than I would." Cassie uncurled her hand from his waistband as the bell echoed throughout the parking lot. "Time for school."
He gathered her books from the roof of the car and tucked them under his arm as he led her into the large brick building. Students stopped to watch and whisper as they passed. Melissa's shoulders were thrown back proudly as her dark eyes raked over the worst offenders. Many of them shrank from her scathing glare.
Cassie kept her chin thrust forward in defiance. She stared straight ahead, not bothering to look at anyone else. If it weren't for her death grip on his hand, he would have thought that none of this affected her at all. But her constricting hold, and the small tremor he felt, told him that she was upset by the cold hostility of her classmates.
It took all he had not to destroy every one of them.
***
Cassie walked woodenly through the cafeteria. She tried to ignore the whispers and comments that followed her, but most people weren't discreet. In fact, she knew that every one of them intended for her to hear what they had to say, and none of it was good.
She'd been called every name in the book today, a few of which she'd never even heard of before. Titters and whispers preceded, and followed, everywhere she went. Though she tried to play it off as if it didn't bother her, inside she was a mass of raw nerve endings. She'd never been hated before and had never expected to be hated. Disliked, maybe, but not hated.
And she was hated. It beat against her in waves that made her stomach turn, and her body ache. She hadn't thought that people could turn against someone so quickly. She didn't even know what she'd done wrong, Mark had attacked her. She'd done nothing to merit this treatment, and because of that fact she was swinging between turbulent bouts of anger, and trying not to cry as she worked hard to keep up a nonchalant appearance.
Her hands trembled and she had to take a calming breath in order to steady her tray. She was greatly relieved that Chris was already at their table, which not surprisingly, was empty. Dropping her tray on the table, she slid into the seat beside him. His tray was loaded with mounds of food that he hadn't touched yet, which was highly unusual for him.
"You look exhausted," he remarked.
"Rough day," she muttered as she shoved the tray away from her. She wasn't in the least bit hungry; other than habit she didn't even know why she'd bothered to stand in line.
"And these are the people that you want to stay and protect."
Her eyes widened at the cynicism in his voice. "Chris." The bleak look in his eyes was almost more than she could bear. "They need us," she finished lamely.
"And they're showing you that now."
"Chris, you wanted to stay too."
"That was before."
"Before what?"
"Before I saw into what is out there, before I saw into a soul of pure malice and deviance. Before all these people turned against you like a pack of hungry hyenas."
She was stunned breathless for a moment, and she found herself unable to move. "You think we should leave?" she managed to choke out.
His relentless gaze scanned the cafeteria one more time. Finally, his shoulders slumped as he shook his head. "No. I don't understand what is going on with everyone, but we have to protect them. I know that, I'm just aggravated with these idiots." He turned back to her and clasped her hand. His action caused the buzz in the cafeteria to increase to a dull roar that was impossible to ignore. "I also caught a glimpse of what that monster is out there Cass, and all it wants is to play with us, torture us, and then kill us. There is no stopping that kind of determination."
She could feel the fear that ran through him. What he'd seen last night had permeated his bones and seeped into his soul. She held his hand firmly as she tried to give him strength to ease the anguish he radiated.
"We can," she said more firmly than she actually felt. "Together, we can do anything Chris. We've survived so much, we can, we will, survive this."
"When did you become the optimistic one?" His smile was weak, but she saw an easing in his eyes that relaxed her.
"How many men is she going to have?"
Cassie turned at the nasty hiss and her gaze locked with Marcy's. Deliberately, defiantly, she lifted Chris's hand and squeezed it harder. She tried to control the anger humming through her body as she focused on Chris again.
"Sure you want to stick around?" Chris's eyebrows were raised inquisitively, and a teasing gleam reappeared in his sapphire eyes. No matter how awful this day had been for her, that gleam in his eyes made it all worth it.
"I'm sure," Cassie replied.
"Jerks," Melissa muttered as she slammed her tray on the table. "Bunch of idiotic, useless, jerks!"
Cassie and Chris grinned at each other before turning toward Melissa. Her jaw was clenched and her eyes spit black fire as she glared around the cafeteria. "Tell us how you really feel," Chris said and issued the first laugh Cassie had heard from him all day.
Cassie chuckled along with him and squeezed his hand. He was going to be alright, she was certain of that now. Whatever he'd experienced last night had rattled him greatly, but his spirit was too strong to be beaten down for long. Devon appeared behind her and rested his hands on her shoulders. She turned toward him as he bent over her and brushed a quick kiss against her cheek.
His eyes darted to the hand entwined with Chris's on top of the table. Cassie wasn't sure how Devon would handle her connection with Chris. He knew that they were friends, but he probably didn't realize just how good of friends they were, or how strong the bond between them was. It was something he would have to get used to though if he was going to be a part of her life.
"Trying to steal my girl?" His tone was far more jovial than Cassie had expected from him.
Chris grinned back at him as he shook back his shaggy blond hair. "No worries there, she's too much of a pain in the ass for my liking."
Cassie shot him a look as he released her hand. He grinned back at her before eagerly pulling his tray over to attack his tuna fish sandwich. Devon chuckled as he slid into the seat beside her and turned sideways to face her. A dull flush of excitement crept through her as he leaned toward her and his closeness caused her body to heat.
"How are you doing?" he asked as he massaged the back of her neck.
It took her a few moments to answer as the thump of her heart made speaking difficult. "Fine," she murmured.
She was surprised to realize that with Chris's smile, Melissa's unwavering loyalty, and his solid presence, she was fine. Nothing else mattered, not the cruel whispers, not the hatred, not even the monster that lurked within their town. As long as she had these three standing beside her, she could survive anything.
She hoped.


CHAPTER 20
Cassie's stomach curdled as if she'd eaten something rotten. A ball of nausea had wedged itself into her throat and was now choking her. She leaned over the counter, breathing heavily, as her gaze remained riveted upon the large headline before her.
THIRTEENTH PERSON REPORTED MISSING FROM HYANNIS.
Her blood pumped heavily in her veins as she read the article. The woman had gone missing from a bar on Main Street; no one had seen her since. And they probably wouldn't again, Cassie realized with a sinking sensation in her stomach.
It was smart, whatever was out there, was definitely covering its tracks. And it was their fault that it was still out there killing, destroying innocent people, and their families. It was her, Chris, and Melissa's responsibility as Hunter's to protect the innocent, and they were failing. Thirteen was far too many people, and these were only the ones that had been reported, dead or alive. There were probably many others that had gone unreported, that had no one out there to love and miss them.
Her hands trembled as she closed the paper and stared out the window. The sunlight was completely out of place with the emotions rolling through her. It should be dark out, cold, foreboding. It should match the hollow chill she felt from head to toe.
Taking a step away from the counter, she started to leave the room when something about the article clicked into her mind. Slowly turning back, her throat went dry and her heart seemed to stop beating as her legs suddenly became weak. She grasped hold of the counter before she fell to the ground.
She inhaled great, heaping gulps of air in an attempt to ease the shaking that wracked her bones. She was trembling so hard that her teeth rattled in her head. Taking another deep breath, she used the counter to support her as she sluggishly moved back to the island where she'd left the paper.
Releasing the counter, she stumbled to the island. She was nearly hyperventilating as she grasped hold of the paper and pulled it close. She was shaking so badly that she could barely get the pages open. Her gaze rested on the date of the first disappearance. September fifteenth, Megan Keller, twenty-two, had vanished from a park in Sandwich.
Cassie slid to the floor with the paper pressed to her chest. The wrinkled pages crinkled loudly as her fingers curled into it. Devon had arrived on the thirteenth. He had strolled into her life two days before the disappearances started.
Her mind began tripping over everything that she'd been trying to deny. Little pieces of the puzzle she'd always had, but hadn't been willing to assemble, began to rapidly fall into place. Devon's speed and agility, the strength he exhibited when he lifted Mark easily, effortlessly, off the ground. She thought over the way he spoke, it was so old and elegant, so outdated. He knew the card game faro, a game no one knew anymore.
Though the puzzle horrified her, once the pieces began slipping together, she couldn't stop them from assembling the picture. Melissa had seen nothing about Devon, other than his arrival, and Chris couldn't read him. Both of which could be explained by the power that radiated from him, far more power than a human would possess, she was beginning to believe it was even more power than she possessed.
Closing her eyes she tried to stop the images tumbling together, but they were relentless. He was always somewhat colder than normal, a fact that could be explained by the weather, or bad circulation, but neither of those explanations seemed right to her now.
She had been irresistibly attracted to him, pulled to him like a magnet to metal from the very beginning. All of the girls were drawn to him, so much so that they'd turned against her in the hopes that they would get him. She'd known all along that her attraction to him was something that most people didn't experience, but she'd chosen to ignore that fact in order to be with him.
As the last pieces of the puzzle slid into place, Cassie's breath locked in her chest. Every single one of those pieces, every single one of those oddities, was traits of a vampire. Now that the puzzle was in place, she fully realized that it was a jigsaw straight from hell.
He'd sensed the evil in the woods, but what if he was that evil? What if he'd let his guard down and allowed the evil inside him to slip free and permeate the air? 'It's playing with us,' Chris had said. 'Playing games with us, before killing us.' What better way to play games with her than to make her fall in love with him, before he tried to kill her?
Tears streamed down Cassie's face as she tried to inhale heaping gulps of air. She focused on the window, and the daylight beyond. Her forehead furrowed in confusion as she considered one piece of the puzzle that didn't quite fit. Devon walked about in the day, unaffected by the sun. She'd never known a vampire to do that before, it was impossible.
The day was for humans, their time to be safe, and not to have to worry about the monsters lurking in the shadows.
Hope briefly ballooned inside her, and then promptly deflated as she recalled Luther's words. 'We do not know what an Elder could be capable of. The powers that they might possess.'
One of those powers could actually be the ability to stroll about in broad daylight, a monster among humans. If Devon was an Elder, than he was more than just a normal vampire, he was one of the most powerful creatures on Earth. He also would have been one of the ones to help mastermind the destruction of her parents, one of the ones that had helped to eradicate her race.
Her heart was shattering into a million pieces as her world crumbled around her. He breathed, she thought desperately. She had felt him breathe, but what if he only pretended to breathe in her presence? She tried to recall if she had felt the beat of his heart, but try as she might she couldn't remember ever feeling the reassuring beat of life within his chest.
She tried to convince herself that she was wrong, but though she tried to hide behind a wall of denial, she couldn't. Not anymore. Her mind, her soul, knew that she was right.
He was not a Hunter. He was not even a human with special abilities.
He was the monster. He was the one hunting them, stalking them, playing and toying with them, and he'd been very good at it. She'd allowed him into her soul, and the entire time he'd been playing with her, plotting her death, and the murder of the ones she loved.
The past two nights, when he'd held her tenderly and made her feel safe had all been a part of his game. He was good at it, excellent even; she had to give him that much, as he'd succeeded in crushing her. She was an empty shell of the person she'd been before he came along.
And yet, she was somehow stronger. She wouldn't let him win. He may have broken her heart, but he wouldn't harm anyone else. He would not take her loved ones from her.
Wiping the tears from her eyes, Cassie placed her hands on the floor and shoved herself up. She couldn't sit here and cry. She didn't have time for that. She stood for a moment feeling numb as she tried to get her bearings. Then, like a phoenix rising from the ashes blazing fury burned away the last of the devastating hurt. He may have destroyed her, but she was also going to destroy him.
She forcefully strode from the kitchen and pounded up the stairs to gather her weapons. She was tired of running, tired of hiding, and very tired of being frightened. It was time to take a stand. It was time to do some hunting, instead of being the hunted for a change.
***
Devon was completely motionless on the tree branch as he tuned all of his senses to the night. It was the exact same thing he'd been doing every night for the past week while Cassie was occupied with studying, or at Melissa's. Probing with his mind, he sorted through the few brain waves close enough for him to pick up in the area. It was one of his talents, the ability to sift through people's minds in order to pinpoint the one he sought. He could then latch onto them and track them down.
He could pick up Cassie's mind from miles away; it was as brilliant and as welcoming as the sun to him. Whenever he came out here, he had to shut his mind off of Cassie; otherwise he would be distracted from his pursuit.
Tuning his senses to the night, he strained to feel anything out there, to find anything out there. Then, for the first time, he picked up on a small flicker of distant power in the night. A power that he recognized as belonging to the one he sought.
Slipping from the tree, he moved through the woods far faster than any cheetah would have. Leaping over fallen logs, and effortlessly dodging branches, he whizzed through the trees as he hunted his adversary.
Devon broke out of the woods, and into the cemetery. He jumped stones and tombs with smooth, easy leaps. Whatever he was pursuing wasn't as fast as he was, not as fleet in its retreat. He poured on the speed, becoming nearly a blur as he reentered the woods in pursuit of his prey. Excitement and bloodlust pounded through him. It had been so long since he'd pursued any real challenge or kill. Animals didn't amount to the same thrill as a human, or another vampire.
A girl's scream pierced the night and echoed loudly through the tress. Devon realized too late that the creature hadn't been fleeing from him, but had been hunting its own prey.
***
Cassie had just stepped out of Luther's car when the terrified scream reverberated off of the headstones. Chris and Melissa froze in mid-step as their mouths parted in surprise. "It's out there," Chris said as the scream faded away.
"Let's go."
Cassie took a step forward, but Luther halted her by grabbing hold of her arm. "Wait."
Her hands fisted as she spun on him. "We have to stop him!"
Luther's eyes narrowed on her. "Him?"
She instantly realized her mistake, they had always referred to the monster as it. Cassie glared at him fiercely, she didn't have time to explain her newfound knowledge, and she didn't want them to try and dissuade her from what she knew. She was right, she had no doubt that Devon was in those woods. Just as she had no doubt that she would be the one to take him out. She would do anything to keep the people surrounding her safe.
Cassie ripped her arm away from Luther as she spun toward the woods. Her blood was boiling from the fury pulsating through her, she knew that she was reckless right now, but she couldn't bring herself to care. Her gaze rapidly scanned the forest as she tried to pinpoint where the scream had come from. Another bloodcurdling scream shot through the air. Her heart leapt wildly in her chest; she'd never heard anyone make a sound like that before.
And it was entirely her fault.
Her love for Devon had completely blinded her to the fact that he was a monster. Her stupidity and ignorance had allowed him to continue to kill. "Come on," she said briskly.
"Wait!" Luther commanded as he seized her once more. "Melissa."
Melissa had gone completely still, her eyes were distant and her face had gone slack and pale. Cassie sighed impatiently; it was a hell of a time to receive a premonition, especially one of the ones that took her over completely. Melissa suddenly gasped, she grasped hold of her stomach as she bent over. Chris seized Melissa's heaving shoulders as she choked and panted for air.
Another scream echoed throughout, but this one was far weaker than before. Whoever was out there was dying, and Cassie wasn't about to let that happen. Tearing her arm away from Luther again, she spun on her heel and sprinted forward. It didn't matter that Chris and Melissa weren't with her, she would put a stop to this on her own.
Cassie's long legs rapidly carried her across the ground. She didn't bother dodging the headstones but vaulted over them. Reaching the woods, she used her hands to deflect the branches and twigs that slapped at her as she raced forward.
"Cassie noooo!" Melissa's shrill scream followed her into the forest, but didn't slow her down.


CHAPTER 21
Devon burst into the clearing. His heightened senses, and the adrenaline pounding through him, allowed him to take in all of the details at once. The first thing he recognized was the young woman in the arms of the monster.
The second was the monster itself.
Dirt and leaves kicked up beneath him as he skidded to a halt. Shock slammed into him as he gazed into the familiar red eyes of his prey, but shock quickly gave way to intense anger. This was a fight he was more than prepared for, and one that was well over a hundred years in the making. "Let her go!" he snarled.
Julian had lifted his head from Marcy's neck when Devon appeared, but he hadn't released her. A merciless smile curved his blood stained lips as a dark eyebrow quirked with amusement. "Well, if it isn't the prodigal sire," he purred. "I was hoping we would finally run into each other again."
Tension thrummed through him as he took a step closer. "I didn't create you Julian," he growled.
"You may not have created me, but you helped to mold me into the best vampire that I could possibly be. You taught me the thrill of the hunt, the pleasure of the kill."
Devon's teeth ground together as he glared at the man across from him. Julian was a monster that wreaked havoc upon unsuspecting innocents with the same joy and pleasure that Devon had once taken in it. Though the two of them had been good friends, and nearly inseparable for over three hundred years, Julian was now one of his greatest enemies. "What are you doing here Julian?" Devon spat.
Julian leisurely licked the blood from his lips; a low groan of pleasure escaped him as he savored in the taste of it. Devon's eyes latched onto the blood, and for a moment he could clearly recall how fulfilling and thrilling human blood was. He could almost taste it upon his lips, almost feel it sliding down his throat, and the ecstatic rush of its power as it filled his cells.
He struggled to retain control of his thirst; the blood was a distraction that would get him killed. Devon would be a fine trophy to add to Julian's collection of victims. Not to mention the fact that most of the vampire race considered Devon a traitor, and would far prefer him dead.
Julian's eyes gradually turned back to their original shade of ice blue. Around the black pupils of his eyes was a strange band of vivid, almost white blue color. "Same thing as you I assume, I was drawn by the power. Except, unlike you, I will make use of that power, take advantage of it; savor it."
Devon scowled at him as they began to circle one another. Marcy was still held loosely in Julian's arms as he negligently dragged her body along with him. Devon could just barely make out the faint beat of her fluttering heart. "There is no power here."
Julian's fangs gleamed in the dim radiance of the moon as he grinned at him. "Oh you silly silly fool. Are you really that blind?"
Devon didn't like being toyed with, especially not by Julian. He was the one that had taught Julian, the one that had molded him; he wasn't going to be taunted by him. "Don't mess with me Julian," he snarled.
Julian quirked a black eyebrow. "I would never," he replied, his voice cheerful and lilting as they continued to circle. "I am simply pointing out what you have missed."
"And what would that be?"
Julian's eyes momentarily flashed red. "Three little treats just so plump and ripe for the taking. Especially the blond, that sweet, delicious blond that you've been cozying up to at night. I give you credit, to be that close to such a temptation, and not taste it. I could never be so restrained."
For a brief moment a red haze clouded his vision, as his protective urges drowned out the rest of Julian's words. He didn't understand what the hell Julian was talking about, but he didn't want him anywhere near Cassie, or even remotely thinking about her.
"You stay away from her, or I'll rip your damn throat out!" His fangs elongated at the mere thought of Julian getting close to her.
Julian's white blond hair fell into one of his ice cold eyes as he tilted his head. "Temper temper," he taunted. "We've shared before, we can share again."
"I'll kill you first!"
Julian's lip curled in a contemptuous sneer as his ice eyes raked over Devon. "You truly have changed Devon; you're such a disappointment, turning against your nature, your own kind!"
Devon was trying hard to keep himself under control. He couldn't let Julian bait him into losing his temper. "You will die before you ever touch her."
"And if she kills you first?" Devon blinked in surprise, unsure what Julian meant by that statement. "You truly don't get it, you stupid fool! Could it be that Devon, the master of death, destruction, and torture has been blinded by love?"
"I haven't been any of those things in a very long time Julian!" Devon hissed. "It's time for you to leave, you're not welcome here."
Julian laughed coldly and shook back his tussled hair. "I'm not leaving until I get a taste of that treat Devon," he purred. "Maybe I'll even keep her for myself, she is a beauty."
The very thought of anyone touching Cassie, of turning her, of taking her for themselves was enough to bring the bloodlust back to life. Julian tossed Marcy aside as Devon sprang forward. They collided with the force of two Mac trucks. The sound of their attack rumbled through the forest and their growls echoed through the air. Devon slammed his fist into the underside of Julian's jaw, and snapped his head back forcefully. Julian spat with fury as his claws raked across Devon's chest. He didn't feel the pain as Julian flayed his shirt and skin open. Seizing hold of Julian's shoulders, Devon picked him easily off the ground. Spinning around, he used his full strength to heave Julian into the air.
Julian flew backward, his face mutated and furious as he sailed across the clearing. Slamming into the top of an ancient oak, the force of his impact shattered the top of the tree. Julian fell over the back of the tree and disappeared into the darkness of the woods. Satisfaction spurted through Devon as he braced himself for Julian to renew his attack.
His satisfaction was quickly doused as a cold chill crept down his back and his eyes landed upon Cassie. She was standing at the edge of the clearing, her hands fisted at her sides, and her shoulders thrust back proudly. Her hair was a golden beacon against the dark night as it cascaded around her.
Confusion tore through him as he met her ferocious gaze. He knew what he looked like now, knew that he was ugly and twisted into something she would barely recognize. At the sight of the monster inside him she should have been fleeing like any sane person would do. Instead, she stood there unflinchingly.
His gaze darted to her fisted hands and the stake clenched in her right hand. He stood for a moment, trying to deny what was before him, trying not to recognize the truth that was slapping him in the face, but it was impossible. He was rocked with the awful realization of what Julian had been taunting him about, and what had drawn Julian here. What had more than likely drawn him here, though he'd been too blinded by his feelings for her to realize the truth.
Now everything made sense. Now he knew why her and her friends had seemed so odd and different to him. He knew exactly who and what she was now.
His enemy.
***
Cassie ducked and covered her head as shards of bark and branches rained down around her. It seemed like forever, but was probably only moments before the debris stopped falling. She slowly uncurled and rose to her full height. Betrayal twisted through her as her gaze found Devon across the clearing. His teeth were so long and sharp that they cut into his full bottom lip. The same lip that had kissed her so reverently now had blood seeping from it. The magnificent face she'd come to love so dearly was now twisted into that of a monster. Twisted into the face of the one thing she hated most and was been born to destroy.
Though she had already expected this betrayal, had already known what she would find here, to see it so closely was like a knife to the chest. The red in his eyes vanished as the beautiful green of them blazed to life once more. She saw the confusion in his gaze, but also the realization, the dawning comprehension of what she'd come here to do.
"Cassie."
He breathed her name. He sounded so surprised; he looked so surprised. If he'd known who she was all along, and had been toying with them, then shouldn't he be expecting her to show up to stop him eventually? She was completely confused, for a moment she was disarmed by the speculation in his eyes.
Then her gaze flickered to the body just feet away from him. Marcy lay curled on her side, her coffee colored hair gleamed in the moonlight. Her eyes flew back to his. "You bastard!" she spat. "You murdering bastard!"
She took a step toward him, determined to ignore the guilt and agony slithering through her like a poisonous snake. It was a snake that would only hinder her movements if she acknowledged it for too long. The negligent look he gave Marcy only served to infuriate her more.
"I can explain this. Look out!" he shouted at her.
The terror in his voice rattled and unsettled her. She caught a brief glimpse of Devon lurching forward as she swung toward where he was looking. Her heart lurched as someone, no something, swiftly moved from behind the splintered tree. She'd been so upset and infuriated with Devon, that she hadn't taken the time to think about what had caused the shattering of the giant oak. It was now coming at her like a bat out of hell. She had only a brief glimpse of ice cold eyes and white blond hair before it was upon her.
"Delectable."
The word was hissed at her, the malevolence behind it caused nausea to twist in her stomach. She was overcome by the same evil she'd felt at the beach, B's and S's, and then the cemetery. With an awful, crushing sensation descending upon her, she realized only too late that she'd been completely wrong. Devon may be a vampire, but this was the real monster.
This was the creature that was determined to destroy her and her loved ones.
Instinct took over, all of her training blazed to life as his face twisted into a vicious snarl. His teeth tore into his bottom lip as they lengthened to deadly, sharp points. She turned at the last second and ducked as he lashed out at her. A shrill cry escaped as his fingers snagged hold of her hair and he pulled her back. Cassie flung herself at him and forcefully threw her head back. She was rewarded with the satisfying crunch of his nose from the force of being hit by her skull.
Stars momentarily swam before her eyes, and her vision blurred, but his grip loosened. Relief filled her as she fell away from him and tumbled toward the ground in what felt like slow motion. She had a brief glimpse of Devon, charging across the clearing with a look of fury on his face that caused her blood to run cold..
It seemed as if she were tumbling into an abyss that didn't seem to have a bottom. She was just inches from the ground, inches from safety, when she felt it.
Horror boiled through her as her heart skipped a beat. Her entire body stiffened against the agony that exploded through her. The monster had grabbed for her again, but this time he missed her hair and his fingers swung further down. His nails tore into her, spilling her blood as they sliced deep into her neck.
She landed painfully upon her hip as she rolled away. Disbelief and panic filled her as she fumbled at the vicious gash in her throat. Blood pooled over her fingers, coursed down her arm, and dripped soundlessly to the ground. Devon skidded to a halt near her; astonishment filled his eyes as they met hers.
And then the beautiful emerald of his eyes became a violent shade of red as his hunger began to cloud his sanity.


CHAPTER 22
Devon froze as Cassie fell to the ground in a tumbled heap. Her hand shot up in a vain attempt to staunch the flow of blood that poured freely from the horrendous wound in her neck. It was a mortal cut, he knew that at once.
Then, the scent of her blood hit him with the force of a wrecking ball. It pushed aside his ability to reason, shoved aside all concern for her safety. The scent of her blood in the open air was the most enticing thing he'd ever encountered. He could almost taste the power oozing from her as her blood spilled uselessly onto the forest floor.
Saliva rushed into his mouth, his fangs grew heavier as the driving urge to drain all of that potent blood seized hold of him. The bloodlust became a clamoring frenzy inside him as he took a step toward her. He knew exactly what she was now, knew the pleasure that her blood would give him, knew the strength that she would give to him. There was nothing more delectable than a Hunter.
He didn't pause to think about the fact that the Hunter line was supposed to be extinct. Nor did he pause to speculate how he hadn't picked up on what she was before. All he could think about was easing the firestorm of thirst that burned through his veins.
Her eyes widened and she recoiled as he took another step toward her. He could feel the weakening of her body overtaking her; feel the life force draining from her. There was no way that he could allow such a waste of power to occur.
"Devon," she moaned as anguish and a sad acceptance filled her gaze. She closed her eyes, her hand pressed tighter to the gash as she desperately tried to stop the mortality pouring from her open vein.
"Scrumptious," Julian whispered.
Devon turned as Julian rushed past Devon, the frenzying scent of her blood had taken control of him. Reality crashed back over him. This was Cassie, his Cassie. He'd sworn to protect her from this evil, sworn to keep her safe no matter what the cost, and he'd been about to rip her life away from her.
Bursting back into motion, he grasped hold of Julian's shirt and ripped him backward. Julian's bellow reverberated through the trees as he was flung across the clearing. The thick canopy of a tree shook as Julian bounced off of it. He rebounded quickly as he launched back to his feet with a ferocious snarl.
Julian tore back across the clearing, heedless of the fact that he would have to go through Devon to get at her. Julian crashed into him and threw them both back a good ten feet. The small pine they hit broke in half, the jagged piece of it scraped down Devon's back and ripped into his skin.
Julian beat and tore at him until Devon seized hold of his throat. He held Julian away from him as he squeezed. Julian was lost to the throes of bloodlust, animalistic, feral and savage. His eyes were as red as laser beams as his face twisted into a murderous scowl. It was a state that a seasoned vampire rarely let take them over, as it meant giving up all control. The human population was more likely to become aware of the demons lurking amongst them when control was lost.
A vampire could lose themselves to the bloodlust for good if they weren't strong enough to pull out of it. At one point in time such a vampire would have been destroyed by The Elder's, but except for Devon and Julian, The Elder's had little to do with the rest of the world now, choosing to remain locked away. But the powerful allure of Cassie's blood had been too much for Julian to handle. Hell, it had almost been too much for him to handle.
They rolled over the ground, pummeling each other as Julian tried to get back to Cassie. Devon was determined to keep her safe, determined that she would survive this night. With every cell in his body he knew that he wouldn't survive her death, just as he knew that he would destroy everything, and everyone that ever tried to harm her.
Julian drew his legs up under him and somehow managed to wedge them between their bodies. Using all of his vast strength, he shoved Devon into the center of the clearing. Cassie's frightened cry echoed in his over sensitized ears as he bounced across the ground.
Ignoring all his pains, he launched himself back to his feet as Julian reached her. Cassie swung at him, but Devon could sense the life draining from her. Terror and rage tore through him as Julian seized hold of her arm and ripped her toward him.
Devon seized hold of Julian and pulled him away from her seconds before his teeth sank into her delicate neck. Turning in midair, he twisted their bodies away from her as he tried to keep her safe from the impact of their weight. They bounced across the ground mere inches from her. Julian wrapped his hand around Devon's neck. Using the palm of his hand, Devon slammed it into the bottom of Julian's already broken nose. Fresh blood spilled forth as Julian howled and fell back.
Devon grabbed Julian by the shirt and lifting him like a rag doll he shook him viciously. "Stay away from her!" he roared.
Julian's fist connected with his cheek and staggered him back a few feet. Determined to destroy the monster he'd helped to create, Devon slammed his fist into Julian's cheek. The sickening crunch of his cheekbone echoed loudly in the clearing. Julian's half collapsed face twisted with fury and agony as his eyes burned with red fire.
He lashed out, his panic and suffering made him reckless and volatile. His claws connected with Devon's chin, the force of the blow staggered him as blood spilled free. Grabbing hold of Julian, he picked him up and heaved him across the clearing once more. The large maple Julian collided with shook from the force of the blow and a large crack lanced up its thick trunk.
Julian landed head first on the ground with his legs above his head against the tree. He lay for a moment before falling away from the trunk. Staggering to his feet, he shook his head in disorientation. Shifting his stance, Devon kept his body protectively in front of Cassie as he waited for another charge.
Battered and beaten, Julian took another step forward. He focused on Cassie, hunger burned within the ruby depths of his eyes but he didn't come any closer. Though Julian still thirsted for her, the beating seemed to have shaken him free of the bloodlust.
Weighing the odds, Julian stood for a moment as his gaze flitted between them. This fight would go to the death, and Julian wouldn't win. They both knew that. Julian wanted Cassie fiercely, but he wanted to live even more. His own life and his love of himself were his two biggest motivators. Devon was relieved to see that some things hadn't changed.
"Until next time."
Julian became a blur as he disappeared within the shadows of the trees. Not trusting Julian to stay away, Devon kept all of his senses honed for Julian's presence as he turned back to Cassie. Taking a deep breath, Devon braced himself to withstand the tantalizing lure of her blood. He approached her cautiously as he fought to control the hungry monster inside of him. She was scared enough without seeing him turn back into the demon that he was.
Her eyes were filled with trepidation, but to his surprise she didn't shrink from him. She didn't try to scramble away as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run. She simply stared up at him with a sad acceptance in her mesmerizing eyes.
Blood stuck to her fingers, coated her arm, and clung to her shirt and jeans. A puddle had formed beneath her and the beat of her heart had become sluggish. Forgetting his decision to be cautious, he hurried to her side as he dropped beside her. It was astonishing to realize that his concern for her life momentarily outweighed his lust for her blood. He didn't know how long that would last, but for now all that mattered was her safety.
Gently, he eased her slender body into his arms. She moaned softly, her head dropped against his chest as he lifted her. She felt as wispy as a feather in his arms, and just as weak.
The fragileness of her life hit him forcefully as he held her against him. He'd forgotten how weak and frightening it was to be human, how vulnerable and tenuous. Even if she wasn't entirely human, she still faced the harsh reality of death. Her life consisted of even more death than most humans, and was normally far shorter.
Though the bloodlust had been crushed beneath his fear, he felt a different kind of urge overtaking him now, one that he had never experienced before. He was suddenly swamped with the desire to keep her safe from her own mortality, to keep her safe from the fragility of her life.
He had changed people before, but he'd never been consumed with the need to do so. Never felt the ardent craving to make sure that she never had to face her own mortality again. He closed his eyes as he began to shake with the urge to change her. He could take her away from here, keep her safe, sheltered, and loved. She would never have to worry about the brutality of her life again, and he knew that her life was brutal. He had known some Hunter's during his long lifetime, seen what they'd gone through, and even killed a few of them.
"Devon." He shook his head as he tried to clear his urges. The knowledge of death within her stare rattled him completely. The spark of life that radiated from her was already beginning to flicker. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I… I…"
"Shh Cassie, it'll be ok. Don't leave me, just hold on. Don't you leave me," he pleaded fervently.
Tears slid down her face. Resting his hand over top of hers, he pushed against the gash in an attempt to help stem the life pouring from her. There was one way that he knew he could stop the bleeding. He was just afraid that it would take more self control than he possessed at the moment.
Her heart fluttered slightly. It was a flutter he knew well, he had caused it in many heartbeats moments before he'd taken someone's life from them. It was the sound of that flutter that drove him into action. Bending over her, he pressed her close to him and nuzzled her as he inhaled her wonderfully delicious scent. She didn't stiffen against him, didn't try to push him away. She didn't even remotely flinch as her warm breath caressed his cheek.
He wished that he could believe it was because she longed for him to change her, but he knew that she simply didn't possess the strength to turn away from him. She wouldn't want to belong to the darkness that was part of his world, and he was crazy for even thinking about condemning her to such a life. She deserved far better than anything he had to offer her.
Bracing himself, he pulled her hand away from the large wound. Blood pulsed out of the jagged cuts with every beat of her heart. His chest clenched at the sight of that blood, his teeth elongated instantly. It took a few seconds to gather himself enough not to sink deep into her throat and taste the delicious blood pouring from her.
When he was in control enough, he bent his mouth to her neck. Her heartbeat picked up, but he sensed no apprehension in her, only an excitement that confused him. Fighting against every one of his murderous instincts, he deliberately licked the three brutal gashes in her delicate neck, sealing them with the healing agent in his saliva.
The taste of her blood slammed into him. It was the sweetest nectar he'd ever tasted, so full of strength and vigor. His teeth throbbed for the ultimate pleasure her blood would bring him. Never had he tasted anything so tempting and delicious. Never had he experienced so much power within one person. He'd tasted his fair share of Hunters before, but their blood had been as powerful as a goldfish's compared to this. Her blood was ambrosia and he craved more than just a little taste.
Then, her hand stroked over his face, the touch as delicate as a butterflies wings as it helped to soothe the thirsty beast trapped inside of him. Using every ounce of self restraint and control he had, he pulled back; his eyes clashed with her curious ones. She smoothed her hand over his cheek and cradled him in her grasp. Devon couldn't move; he was pinned within her gaze, as guilt and horror tore through him.
She was comforting him, and he was thinking about draining every last drop of life from her. Struggling to regain control, he unfolded himself from above her. Though the cuts were sealed, she was still a long way from safe. A fair amount of her precious life had been spilled.
"Hold on Cassie," he pleaded fervently. "Don't leave me."
Her tears left a trail in the dirt and blood that marred her delicate features. He longed to brush them away and kiss away her pain, but he was frightened to get that close to her again. He didn't know how much torture and temptation he could take before breaking.
He quaked with the reserve it took not to finish it, not to turn her. He couldn't take her youth, her innocence, and her life from her. She deserved far better than that. Far better than him. Gradually, he was able to regain enough control to think straight once more. If he didn't get her help, human help, she was going to die.
A branch cracked loudly. Devon curled her protectively against him as he spun to face the new threat. He shouldn't have let his guard down, shouldn't have let his attention stray from Julian, but she had that affect upon him. He lost all sanity, and all sense of reason, when she was around.
Now, Julian was back. Devon should have known that Julian wouldn't quit, not when he had smelled her blood also. Devon used all of his powers and senses to hunt him down, but he couldn't find him within the woods. He did, however, pick up on three new minds within the forest.
He tensed in preparation as Chris, Melissa, and Luther burst out of the woods and skidded to a halt on the other side of the clearing. Their jaws dropped as they took in the limp, bloody form of Cassie in his arms. He knew what the three of them were, but he had no concern for his own safety around them. They were no threat to his survival.
"Cassie!" Melissa cried as she rushed toward them.
Luther lurched forward and grabbed hold of her arm. He pulled her back as an involuntary snarl tore from Devon. He didn't know what had possessed him, he knew they wouldn't harm her, but the idea of them even touching her made him want to destroy them all.
"No!" Melissa's hand flew to her mouth; revulsion filled her black eyes as she took in Devon's twisted features, and deadly teeth.
Devon turned away from the condemnation he saw in their eyes. He didn't know them well, but he'd grown to like them over the past few weeks, and he hated the revulsion in their eyes. Holding Cassie protectively against him, he turned away from their disgust and disappeared into the woods in a blur of motion. Feeling outrageously unstable again, he plunged into the forest, uncertain of where he was going.
Moving faster than he'd ever moved in his long existence, Devon kept Cassie shielded from the branches and limbs as he raced through the woods. He knew that concern for her life was a big motivator for his faster than average speed, but it was also more than that.
The few drops of blood he'd tasted had already begun to change him. They'd already made him stronger, far more powerful and faster. He didn't know how it was possible that she possessed so much power and he hadn't picked up on it. He didn't know how she could even possess so much power. The amount of it was far from normal, even for a Hunter.
He didn't know the answers to any of the questions swirling through his mind, and he didn't really care. The only thing he cared about right now was saving her life.
He could only hope that she didn't hate him for what he was. He couldn't stop to think about that, if he did he would lose it. Cassie curled against him, her head rested trustingly in the hollow curve of his neck. He didn't understand her trust in him, not after everything she'd discovered tonight, but it was a trust that he was going to try and live up to. He could only hope that he didn't shatter it by snapping and changing her before he finally reached to his destination.


Where to find the author
Website: https://ericastevensauthor.com/home.html
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ - !/ericastevens679
Blog: http://ericasteven.blogspot.com/
Twitter: @EricaStevensCGP
Mailing list: ericastevensgcp@gmail.com


About the author
Though my name is not really Erica Stevens, it is a pen name that I chose in memory of two amazing friends lost too soon, I do however live in Mass with my wonderful husband and our Klinger, and crazy puppy Loki. I have a large and crazy family that I fit in well with. I am thankful every day for the love and laughter they have brought to my life. I have always loved to write and am an avid reader.

Radium Halos

(Senseless Series, Book 1)
By W.J. May
Copyright 2014 W.J. May


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


The Senseless Series:
Download Radium Halos part 1 For FREE

Radium Halos part 2 – coming February 2014

Website: http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com
Facebook: #HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/pages/Author-WJ-May-FAN-PAGE/141170442608149"https://www.facebook.com/pages/Author-WJ-May-FAN-PAGE

Cover design by: Book Cover by Design
Book II – Coming 2014








Chapter 1
Zoe

I hated the mine. Like a crypt across the horizon, the place always made me shudder. They had closed it down years ago and boarded up the entrance. The horror-film image still haunted me.
Tonight vehicles littered the overgrown grass field surrounding the shaft. From behind the orange and yellow flames of a bonfire, blue spirits danced about, as if the mine had allowed them to escape. Foreboding lingered in the pit of my stomach. The sound of music, chatter, and laughter barely muted the feeling.
I shifted away from the fire and dropped my head against the back of the lawn chair. Ominous clouds created large voids in the dotted, glittery sky. To rain or not to rain, that is the question.
Heidi waved a hand back and forth in front of my face. “Earth to Zoe. Earth to Zoe. Come back to Elliot Lake. The school bonfire is missing you.”
Even with my eyes cast toward the sky, I could hear the smile in her voice. I grinned and turned to face my best bud, one last shutter sneaking up my spine. “The mine gives me the creeps.”
Heidi leaned over on her lawn chair and nudged me with her elbow. “I heard that back in the sixties or seventies, half the miners ended up with some toxic disease from the uranium. Most likely cancer.”
Rylee, my other best friend, tossed her dark hair over her shoulder and rolled her eyes. “Only you two would come up with the number one way to kill a mood. The big ‘C’.”
“It’s not like we’re going inside.” I stuck my tongue out and tried to keep the corners of my mouth from turning up. Pretending to copy Rylee’s hair toss, I swung my head dramatically and let my recently straightened blonde strands flip around. Not near as sexy or smooth as Rylee’s. I glanced at Heidi, unable to mimic the action. “I still can’t believe you cut your hair so short.”
“I donated it. Totally worth it.”
“Yeah. I’m cool with that, but it’s been long since third grade.”
Rylee stepped over and touched the back of Heidi’s hair. “The shaved part at the back is incredible.”
I lacked the nerve to do something so daring. “It’s awesome.”
“It’s what I wanted ever since I saw it in a mag,” Heidi said.
Our little pixie. The new cut took away some of her innocent look -- making her appear older. I liked it. It represented the change of our final year of high school. We were growing up.
“…but dying it platinum.” Rylee whistled. “I bet your mom had a coronary when you got home.”
Heidi grinned a tiny bit. “She was pretty ticked.” Her tiny fingers flicked the spiked front.
“Soooo…” Rylee straightened in her chair, causing her chest to stick out. Uh oh, prowl pose. Rylee’s on a hot man hunt. Rylee pressed a perfectly manicured hand against her flat belly. “Brent said there’s a new guy in town.”
I got up and moved to Brent, who’d been sitting on a tree stump quietly playing his guitar. The humungous mine silhouetted behind him. It looked like a monster’s mouth trying to swallow him and everything around it up. Stop being such a scaredy-cat. I rolled my eyes heavenward to clear my overactive imagination and focused on Brent.
He sat with his head down while he strummed along to the music blaring from the speakers. In the firelight, his brown hair appeared sandy-blonde. As if sensing my gaze, he glanced up. A smile touched his lips, and his eyes seemed to twinkle from the reflection of the dancing flames.
“Where’s Seth?” I realized Mr. Clean, our fifth partner in crime, hadn’t shown up yet.
“He’s bringing fresh meat.” Brent continued playing while the stereo music blared behind us. He managed to make his composition sound perfectly in tune, and yet totally different than the rock song playing.
“Ohhh… I love hot dogs and burgers!” Heidi sat down by Brent. “Topped off with marshmallows for s’mores, of course.”
“No, silly, not food. Nice hair crop, by the way.” Brent ruffled the back of her head. “There’s a new kid in town. He’s from England or Ireland, somewhere across the pond.”
Rylee, always gorgeous and perky, swept her black hair up in a pony and then dropped it perfectly into place. “Tall, hot, and handsome, I hope.”
“Like me, huh?” Brent laughed.
“How come no one knew he was coming?” Rylee played with her car keys, a little green dot flashing as she tapped a button on them. “This town’s so small. Everyone should’ve been talking about it over the summer holidays.” She started pacing around the fire, scouting the small crowd.
“Guess it was like a last minute decision. I’m sure you’ll find out all the details when you devour him.” Brent laughed and played two loud boom chukka bings punctuated by a clap on his guitar.
Heidi covered a smile with her hand. I faked a cough. We both knew what Rylee’s response would be.
She made her signature baby-pout face. “I don’t eat men. I simply get bored.”
 “Put the lip away. It’s not gonna work.” I grinned. Only Rylee could be Rylee. “We always get stuck picking up the pieces after you’ve broken the poor guy’s heart.” I bent forward, pretending to pick up a million invisible pieces of shattered heart off the ground. Rylee had dated every boy in our class, plus a grade or two above, since starting high school. She wasn’t a tramp. Every decent guy in town just wanted to see if he might be Mr. Right. “How ‘bout tonight you give the new guy a chance to breathe? Not make him your next conquest right away?”
“Conquest?” Rylee raised her eyebrows.
“You know,” Heidi said, sarcasm dripping. “What you do all summer long with the vacationers?”
“I get it. You don’t like competing.” Rylee shrugged. “I figured you guys thought it was fun.”
“Not when we lose all the time.” I sighed. “Kinda hard to compete against your midnight black hair and perfect voluptuous body. Makes the boys of summer migrate toward you.” Heidi and I didn’t stand a chance, even when Rylee didn’t try to get them. I’m not jealous. How could you fight nature? Okay, maybe a teeny bit jealous.
A loud boom suddenly rocked the air. I jumped and whirled around to see where the noise came from. Startled at first, everyone around the fire laughed when they realized the noise came from above.
“That didn’t sound good.” Brent set his guitar in its case lying on the ground.
“Maybe it’ll just pass over. There’s no forecast for rain,” Rylee said.
Heidi pointed toward the other side of the bonfire. “Well, if it does start pouring, we’re on the wrong side. Everyone’s going to make a mad dash for their cars, and we picked the furthest spot. We’re like a kilometre away.”
“Great.” I grimaced. Getting wet meant my straightened hair would turn curly and, worse, the dreaded frizzies.
Brent picked up his guitar case. “No way am I letting this baby get ruined. I bought it in an antique shop in Germany. Had to carry it around with me for the last two weeks in Europe.”
“We’ll be fine. It’s not gonna rain. The skies—” Rylee paused and glanced up. “Whoa, those are freakin’ huge, black clouds!”
As if to mock her, the sky lit up with a zigzag flash of lightning, immediately followed by a sonic boom that shook the ground. Large raindrops splattered down, making the fire hiss in protest. Everyone started to grab chairs and food and belongings. Over the shrieks of the girls, someone hollered to head over to the bowling alley and continue the party there.
Brent grabbed Heidi’s and Rylee’s arms. “Come on. We can hang out in the mine until the storm blows over. It’s closer than our cars.” He let go of the girls, shrugged his guitar case over his shoulder, and took off running toward the mine.
I flinched. The idea of going into the spooky, old, abandoned mine didn’t sound like the best plan. I stood by the sizzling fire, getting drenched.
I could feel my hair curling against my neck. “Might as well join him. You all handed your cell phones into the pot for the game student council planned later on. I’m probably the only one who didn’t.” I held my hand above my eyes to shield some of the rain.
Rylee giggled. “This should be interesting.” She grabbed Heidi’s sleeve and they took off running. I followed slightly behind.
The rain came in torrents and the long grass became slippery. Despite the wetness, I upped my pace--which only made me stumble.
Lightning ripped through the sky again, illuminating the mine opening. The entrance seemed to transform into a gruesome face made of earth, ready to swallow us up. Even the trees surrounding the mine looked like hands trying to grasp and pull the doorway under. I hesitated, even though I knew it was just the shadows and light playing with my mind.
I walked the last twenty yards along the old, half-buried rail tracks and came to a halt behind Rylee and Heidi. Brent must have pried off the large slab of wood, which had boarded up the entrance to the abandoned mine. He’s desperate. He’s always careful with his hands. The missing board created a crawl space just large enough for us to get inside.
Rylee disappeared though the hole, and I caught Heidi hesitating. I looked toward where my car should be parked. Completely hidden by the rain. Noah’s ark could float by and we’d never see it.
“Go on. I’m right behind you,” I said.
She slipped though and vanished into its darkness. Dropping down, I crept through the sinister hole.
Another crackle of thunder rattled the wooden boards and echoed down into the mine. It was darker than dark inside, except for the light cast by the small opening. Through the broken gap, the last remains of the bonfire disappeared in a cloud of smoke.
“Holy crap! Where the heck did that come from?” Brent’s voice sounded further down the tunnel, and lower, as if he was on his knees.
“This place reeks like rotten eggs,” I complained. “Can’t see a thing.”
A small beam of light appeared on a nearby wall and found its way to Brent’s face. “Hey, cut that out.” He blinked and held an arm up. “Who’s doing that?”
“Me.” Rylee giggled. “My keychain has one of those tiny flashlights you use to find your ignition in the dark.” She flashed the light onto her scrunched-up face and made a spooky ghost sound, “Oooooooo.”
“You’re not scary.” Brent laughed. “You sound like a little kid. Maybe someone a little more mature should be holding it.”
Rylee shifted the yellow light to Heidi’s face. “It’s not much, but at least we can shine it on any bats that try to bite us. Or maybe there’re spiders and other creepy crawly things.” She moved the light around the dirt walls, zigzagging and making circles.
“Bats? Spiders?” Heidi squealed. “I’m not moving from this spot –and keep those vermin away from me.” You couldn’t miss the shudder in her voice. Rylee flashed the light in Heidi’s direction again. We stood on a slope, with Brent at the lowest end.
“We’ll be fine.” Brent wrapped his arm around Heidi. “This thing’s going to blow over in a bit. Wind and rain that fast and heavy can’t last long.”
We followed Rylee’s little light as she made patterns on the dirt-covered wall.
I kept quiet and shifted my weight from foot to foot. My sneakers were soaked from the wet grass, making loud sucking sounds as I moved around. My friends grumbled as they moved. Dirt walls, dirt floor and musty stinkin’ dirt roof. I scowled as cold wet filled my shoe and ran over top of it. “Great. If you guys haven’t noticed, this downpour’s created a small mud current running over my shoes. I don’t exactly fancy swimming in a river of mud down through this godforsaken mine.” Definitely not a good idea.
As if the weather mocked our predicament, another bolt of lightning lit the opening and a howl of wind blew more rain inside. The contrast after the shock of brilliant light made the mine opening even blacker. Thunder threatened to shake the dirt ceiling. An iridescent beam flashed across my eyes and then bounced off the frightened faces of my friends and slowly traced down a crack on the side wall. Four pairs of eyes followed Rylee’s little flashlight.
A blast of cold air followed by a stream of water coursed into the opening. It pushed against my calves. “Shit!” escaped from my lips before I could stop it. Freakin’ freezing! As my footing started to slip, I grabbed for whoever was close enough to help keep me from landing on my butt. My fingers found cotton and some kind of strong material. I clenched tightly, then realized I’d managed to grab the top of their jeans and my fingers now pressed against warm, taut abdominal muscles.
Strong hands gripped my arms and helped me upright. “You okay?” Brent’s hot breath brushed against my ear.
“Yup… Th-Thanks.” I swallowed. “You’re lucky I didn’t pull your pants down.”
Brent chuckled. “We’re going to have to move further in.” His hand stayed on my forearm. “Zoe’s about to go waterskiing and she’ll take anyone down who’s in front of her.”
“I’m not stepping any further into this pit of darkness!” Heidi screeched. “There is NO way we’re getting lost inside this tomb. What if some rabid animal bites us?”
Lightning erupted again, followed by a loud thick and deep shattering crack that sounded nothing like thunder. A massive crash shook the ground, which made me jump. From the splashing sounds around me, I wasn’t the only one. I pivoted around toward the entrance of the mine. Rylee sloshed her way past me and flashed her little light on the dark opening.
You’ve got to be jokin’!
Instead of a small gap where we’d crawled through, a humungous fallen tree trunk covered it. Rylee shone the light around the gap again. She paused at the bottom. Water gushed into the mine, creating more of a mudslide around our feet and legs. It ran down the slope leading further into the darkness.
Brent muttered, “Ah, shit.”
Heidi whimpered, but didn’t cry out.
“We’re trapped,” I said, my heart slamming against my ribcage. “W-What the heck are we gonna do?”
A strange howl erupted further inside the mine and echoed off the walls. Rylee dropped her flashlight. Dark turned to pitch black.



Chapter 2

“What the hell was that?” Brent asked.
“Dammit!” Rylee swore, followed by splashing water.
“What’re you doing?” I hated being in the pitch black. I knew coming in here would be a mistake.
“Trying to find my stupid keys. That flashlight better still work.” More splashing and sloshing sounds echoed through the cave. “Got ‘em!” Metal jingling together sounded like a little musical bell.
Thank goodness the key light came back on – dim but still beauty to my eyes. We moved closer together.
“Awwwweeeeeeehhheee!” The strange noise from before sounded again--closer this time. Ringing inside my head intensified as my heart thundered against my ribcage.
“I-Is it s-some kinda animal?” Heidi pressed closer, pulling us all into a tighter circle.
Rylee released a nervous laugh. “Probably some old miner’s ghost stuck in the mine. It’s ticked we’re in here.”
“Gimme a break,” I snapped, not meaning to. “Sorry. I don’t want to be here.”
“Awwwee—ow!”
What the—?
Brent straightened and stepped back toward a dirt wall. “No,” his head shook as he spoke, “I’m gonna freakin’ kill him.” He took a step into the sloping mine. “Seth! Get your ass up here NOW!”
There was a moment of silence followed by booming laughter. Rylee turned the light further into the mine.
Seth appeared around the darkened corner two minutes later looking like Mr. Clean in his white short-sleeve tee shirt, faded blue jeans, and short cropped hair. At least the top half’s Mr. Clean. His jeans and sneakers were covered in mud.
I skipped my gaze over to the tall, lean, dark-haired guy walking beside him. The complete opposite in dark jeans and black shirt ‘The Beatles’ emblazed with a Union Jack design on his chest. Even with Rylee’s small light, his eyes matched his hair, their reflection dark against the dim light. His hands were stuffed into his back pockets and as he chuckled at something Seth muttered. I heard my own breath catch.
I couldn’t stop staring. Cute, very cute. My heart sped up a few erratic beats as I wondered how his voice sounded. Then I remembered they’d just scared the crap out of us. “Seth, you’re such a dill-weed. Poor Heidi’s nearly peed her pants.”
“Sorry,” Seth said, his baritone voice echoing off the nearby walls. “We broke in here when the storm started. I hope I didn’t scare you. We were just messing.”
“It wasn’t funny. At all,” Heidi said.
“Sorry. We were just around the corner when we heard you guys crawl in.” Seth craned his neck, trying to look behind us. “No one else?”
Brent stepped forward. “They all ran for their cars. Did you break the board at the entrance?”
“Yup.” Seth grinned, flexing a massive arm muscle. “By the way, this is Kieran. He moved in down the street from me a couple of days ago.”
“G’d ev’nin’.” Kieran’s low voice carried a thick accent. English? Australian?
Rylee sloshed over and hugged Seth and then Kieran. “I’m Rylee.”
“Nice to meet you.” Kieran politely stepped back.
Heidi waved a little hand, then reached for hair to play with out of habit. Not finding any with the new hairdo, she scratched her neck instead “I’m Heidi. Are you from England?”
“Och.” He smiled and shook his head. “Not hardly. I’m from Inverness, a wee town in Scotland.”
Brent nodded and held his hand out. Seth slapped the front, then back. The shake was their Boy Club greeting they’d made up in third grade and, sadly, still used it. “’Eh, Kieran. I’m Brent, the music man.” He patted the guitar case on his back that I’d completely forgotten about. He hummed a few chords of “Auld Lang Syne.”
Kieran grinned.
I stepped forward and inhaled trying to think of something witty to say. The deep breath killed all thought process and instead gave me the opportunity to breathe in Kieran’s scent. Probably some aftershave mixed with the Highland waters of Scotland. Trying to appear cool, I crossed my right ankle over my left and nearly fell into the running water. Thank goodness for the dimness. “Hu-hello,” I said, groaning inwardly at the rust in my husky voice. “I’m Zoe. Fancy meeting you in such a… a… memorable place.”
“Speaking of which,” Brent said. “Do you know a way outta here? Zoe seems to think we’re trapped.”
“We’re not trapped.” Seth pushed past us to the opening of the mine. Rylee shone her little light at the jammed entrance and we all moved closer to Seth. He spread his feet and squatted down to push against the tree trunk. Brent and Kieran joined him, their arms flexed with exertion against the pale flashlight.
“The tree’s not… going to… budge.” Seth grunted as he pushed harder. He lost his footing and crashed to his knees in the rushing water. “Crap.” He grabbed Brent’s outstretched hand and vaulted up, soaked to the waist. “There’s a runoff rain spout by the mine opening, the tree must’ve took it down as it fell. That’s why there’s all this water running in here.”
My teeth were nearly rattling out my head. I blinked in surprise, not realizing how cold I’d become. Or maybe it’s just the mine. Or the fact that we were stuck here! I hated this place, but wasn’t about to admit it out loud. Wringing my hands, I pressed my lips together to stop their trembling. Images of being forced into the deep, dark pits of the mine and never being found galloped through my head.
Seth reached toward Rylee. “Give me the light. We had one but it died after two minutes. We’ve already been in a ways and didn’t find anything in the dark. I’ll go further to see if there’s a dryer place we can wait out the storm.”
“I’m not moving from this spot.” Heidi clutched my arm and pulled me tight against her. My shoe, half sucked into the bed, made me almost fall face-first into the cold water. Great, mud-caked hair.
“Seth’s right,” Kieran said. “We can’t stay here. We’ll be sliding down the mine on our arses.” He splashed past to stand by Seth. “I’ll come with you.”
“Don’t go,” pleaded Heidi.
“I’ll stay.” Brent gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze as he stepped between me and Heidi.
Rylee slipped by and stood on the other side of Heidi. “They have to look. If we’re gonna be here all night, we can’t stay here waiting to be rescued. Nobody even knows we came this way. They were all running for their cars.”
“We should’ve done the same thing.” My gut was right before.
In the semi-darkness, I watched Heidi collapse in tears against Rylee. Then two boys, and our only little light, disappeared into the darkness. Tears welled but, breathing deep, I fought them back down. We didn’t need any more waterworks at the moment. It was dark, cold, and silent. My heart hammered and fear gnawed inside me.
Oh how I wanted to follow the guys. Instead, I patted Heidi’s arm and moved a few steps away to try and find higher ground. Moving forward, I grimaced when water sloshed up to my knees. My arms reached out in the darkness to find the wall. Each step a hesitant move forward, I concentrated on not slipping.
The cool, dry dirt of the wall felt like heaven against my fingers. Sliding my foot forward, I felt higher ground against my sneaker. Another tentative step forward, using the wall for balance, I found a small ledge, wide enough to stand on. A tiny surge of hope pulsed through my veins.
“Over here,” I called. “There’s a raised part we can stand on till the guys get back.”
“Here, take my arm, Heidi,” Brent said.
Heidi was full-on crying now. Hiccups and everything. Poor thing.
They clambered onto the small rock shelf. We waited for what seemed like an eternity, none of us talking. Heidi managed to calm herself down on the higher ground. The howling wind and shattering thunder seemed to be having a conversation of its own.
I shifted my weight from foot to foot. What time is it? The little hands on my watch glowed faintly. Half past eleven -- already?
“Think they’re all right?” Rylee asked.
I opened my mouth to reply, when a whoop erupted from deeper inside the mine. All four of us jumped.
“Son of a bitch!” Brent swore as he slid and landed in the muddy water. “They better have found something.”
Moments later, laughter and male voices drifted through the darkness of the mine toward us. The small, round light appeared. My tense posture slumped. A new knot between my shoulder blades burned. I tried to stretch my back out without slipping.
“We found a closed off room. It’s nothing spectacular, but heaven compared to this. It’s dry so we can hang out there for the night. There’s like a glass dome thing on top, and when the lightning flashes, it brightens up the room.” Seth swung the flashlight around, finally finding us lined against the wall. “What the? You guys in a police lineup?” He laughed. “Or are you prisoners, trying to dig your way out?”
“Shut up.” I smiled for the first time since the rain started.
“How far down?” Heidi asked in a faint voice.
“Not far. Less than a ‘ive minute walk.” Kieran took her hand, helping her down and kept her close. “Let’s go. You’ll feel loads better when you see it.”
Lucky girl. For a moment I wished I’d picked the end near the tunnels instead of the one furthest away. Dummy! I scolded myself. Now wasn’t the time to be jealous of Heidi getting help from Kieran. We had more pressing issues. Like surviving the night!
We waded through the muck in a single-file chain. Whenever I slipped, I grabbed hold of Brent for balance, who walked in front of me. How we managed to walk the route in the darkness, without anyone falling, was beyond me.
It took only minutes, but felt like an hour as we inched our way, finally reaching two steel doors.
Seth grabbed the large, heavy-looking handle and pulled hard. The old door groaned when it finally gave way, as if it didn’t want to let us in. I was right about going for the cars. Could this be another mistake? I shivered at the crazy thought, but followed the others inside.
Just as I stepped through the doorway, a flash of lightning erupted, illuminating the room, exposing its brilliant white, round shape. Huge concrete pads with towering steel poles reached high into the air. Maybe the poles were once measuring markers or something. Hopefully not for uranium or radium. That stuff’s wicked radioactive. I’d have asked Heidi, our little photographic memory gal, but I had no intention of trying to scare her any more.
The fifty-foot poles stretched from floor to ceiling. The translucent dome arched like a sunroof above us.
Another zigzagged ember flashed, this one lasting longer. A crackle and boom followed, making me jump inside the circular space. Heidi cried out and buried her head between her knees. Kieran paced along the outside of the room, his fingers running along the perimeter. “The walls have some kind of dust covering them.”
The room suddenly went black as tar. A moment later, a loud clap sounded above us. Crack! The poles shook against the angry thunder. I closed my eyes, wishing I was anywhere in the world but here. In one of the cars!
Bang!
“What was that?” Heidi screamed.
I covered my ears. If possible, I’d have jumped out of my skin.
“Sorry,” said Seth. “The door’s heavy. It slipped from my hand.”
A piercing howl whistled over our heads. This room was hell on earth.
“’Tis nothing, everyone.” Kieran clapped his hands to get the dust off. “Just wind catching through the dome.”
We stood back to back in the middle of the room. Brent grabbed mine and Heidi’s hands, pulling us down to sit beside him. The others dropped as well. At least the floor’s dry.
I shoved my hands deep into the pockets of my black vest. My left hand squeezed around a familiar, rectangular object. “Guys! I forgot to hand my phone in when we got to the field.” I pulled it out and flipped it open. Its light illuminated the wall in front of me into a blue hue.
“You had it the whole time?” Rylee shook her head.
“It doesn’t matter. I can’t get any reception here.” I held it above my head, aiming in several different directions. “I’ll try texting my dad and a couple of people from class. Maybe a message’ll go through as it roams.” With shaking fingers, I sent the SOS message out to everyone on my BBM list.
“It looks like we’re gonna be here for a while,” Seth said. “Anyone got anything to say, or any deep, dark secrets they want to tell?”
Rylee coughed. “Yeah, I’m a serial rapist ’n been living undercover in Elliot Lake, pretending to be a female high school student. I’m actually a six-foot male who climbs into this body every day and acts as if –”
“Shut up!” Heidi and I shouted at the same time.
A gust howled outside. The metal pillars creaked and groaned in protest. They were probably holding the sunroof cover in place. I shifted closer to Brent, who put his arm around my shoulders in a brotherly fashion. It helped, a little. The wind’s howl switched to a high-pitched shriek, and lightning flickered, building to constant streaks above the dome.
“With how long the bloody lightning lasts, it’s like someone’s playing with the light switch.” On my right, Kieran hunched forward, hugging his knees, his wet shoes and socks beside him on the concrete.
A massive loud boom of thunder rumbled above us, shaking the room. An eerie creaking noise made me glance up momentarily. Then I ducked my head as fast as I could as dust and particles fell from the ceiling, pinging the ground around us. Could the dome collapse on us? I grabbed my phone, but there was still no signal. My heart pounded. I don’t want to die here. Not in this place. Would anybody even find our bodies?
“Everyone all right?” Seth crawled forward and picked something off the ground. “Anyone get hit by a bolt?” Everyone mumbled an okay, and unconsciously we edged our backs closer together. He chuckled. “I think Mother Nature’s chasing us down tonight.”
No one replied.
Hail joined the humungous raindrops, which pelted the sunroof. Another blast of air whistled by. The sky was lit up like fireworks at Disneyland.
“Amaz—” Brent started.
An awful cracking sound split the air, cutting him off. Terrified, I couldn’t stop myself from looking up. The flippin’ sunroof shifted and had ripped away from the pillars!
Metal, plastic, and fragments of who knows what showered down. Something hard hit my shoulder. It was probably a tiny screw, but felt like a boulder. I threw my hands over my head and prayed this was just a bad dream. A nightmare more like.
“Holy shit!”
I had no idea who said it and didn’t care. I just didn’t want to die.
Only rain and hail seemed to be falling and swirling into the tower room now. Cautiously, I glanced back up at the dome top.
It wobbled and then hung as if pausing. Dramatically pausing. Then it teetered as it fell to rest against a single pillar. We’re so dead.
I barely blinked when another monstrously strong blast of wind took the entire dome-roof off. It disappeared into the dark night sky.
“Bollocks! Did you just see that?” Kieran jumped to his feet and ran to a pillar, wrapping his arms around it. We watched in shocked silence, letting the hail and rain bombard us.
Lightning illuminated the room again and the rain poured down in sheets.
Seth went to the door. “I can’t get the door open.”
“Grab a column.” Kieran’s accented voice carried above the storm. “They’re not going anywhere.” He pointed to the other poles, one for each of us. “It’ll keep you dry. The edge of the ceiling is hangin’ far enough over to block the rain. Yer gettin’ soaked.”
“This sucks,” I muttered, jumping up and dashing to the pillar beside Kieran’s. I stepped onto the concrete slab, hugged the pole, and shifted toward the wall. The Scotsman’s right. The small overhang of the remains of the ceiling sheltered me from the pounding rain. I had to hold tight to stop from falling off the thinner side of the slab, but it beat getting soaking wet.
Heidi, Brent, Seth, and Rylee scrambled to the other four pillars. The storm continued to beat down, like it never planned on stopping.
I watched in horror as a bolt discharged through the clouds and shot directly down through the gap. The zigzag light charged down and danced in the place we’d been sitting moments before.
Electric veins reached out to lick the walls and skip around. I closed my eyes, unable to move, too terrified to even think. What a choice – we couldn’t let go of the pillars or keep holding on. I could feel the energy and heat in the room, positive we were all going to fry. Mom, Dad, I love you. I hope you know...
The hair on my neck and arms stood on end. Actually, every hair follicle felt raised on my skin. A weird smell filled the air. I couldn’t place it or correlate it to anything. I thought I could taste the chalky dust. I swallowed to cleanse my tongue and then snorted to try to clear my nose.
The static noise lasted forever. I kept my eyes squeezed tight, too scared to look or breathe. I waited for death, or something close to it.
“Holy shit! Did you see what just happened?”
I tentatively opened one eye, wondering why death sounded so feminine.
The sparks had disappeared, but I swore I could still hear the noise the lightning strike had made so close to us. And the static. It muted when the thunder pounded, and I shook as the noise resonated inside my chest and head.
Death spoke again, sounding a helluva lot like Rylee shouting. Startled, I looked around to find her.
She stood, still hugging her pillar, but her head was thrown back and she was, of all things, laughing. “No one’s going to believe this! I can’t believe it.” Her voice carried over the storm, making it easy to decipher her words. She began laughing hysterically. “You guys look like Smurfs. You’re all blue.”




Chapter 3

We glowed. In the weak light, our skin had a tinge of blue. I wiped the back of my hand on my thighs, wondering if the blue would come off. My jeans had the same glowing color so I wasn’t surprised it didn’t help. “We’d better not be covered in flippin’ uranium. We’ll be dust, or dead, by morning.” I started slapping my legs to get the powder off.
“It’s not uranium. The mine’s been closed for over twenty years,” Rylee said.
“Radioactive particles stay this way for decades,” Heidi said.
“Ahhh… Everyone’s turning back to normal, no more blue.” Rylee said, clearly disappointed, and almost slipping off her pillar. “We’re fading.”
I couldn’t believe she actually was bummed.
“It’s incredible none of us got hit,” Seth said. “My ears are still ringing from the crackling noise.” He sniffed and rubbed his nose. “It stinks in here.”
“Do you think the lightning might come in here again?” Heidi shouted, furthest away from me. “Maybe we should try to head back to the tunnel.”
“Wait. Listen,” Kieran said.
I cocked an ear, willing the sizzling sound echoing in my head to disappear. Everyone stood so still, I could hear everything. What’s Kieran trying to show us?
“The storm’s moving on.” He pointed toward the sky. “The lightning and thunder are ‘bout six seconds apart now. The storm’s moving west. I betchya the rain’s gonna start letting up as well.” His accent made his words sound like a story.
Nobody moved or spoke. It felt like ages, but my watch showed about two minutes later the rain did lessen. Drops became smaller, turning into a light drizzle and then stopping completely. The wind gave a couple of half-hearted howls but then quieted as well. The dark clouds covering the night sky followed the storm, and before long, stars and half the moon peeked its way through the shattered dome.
“It’s kinda beautiful.” I can’t believe we’re alive. I stepped off the concrete slab and with hesitant steps, made my way to the middle of the room. Staring up at the sky, I could hear muffled thuds as the others followed my lead and jumped off their slabs.
“Freaky. The sky looks as though nothing ever happened.” Brent snapped his fingers. “Hey, is your phone working now, Zoe?”
I pulled it out of my pocket and flipped it open. The roaming dotted line disappeared and “message sent” flashed on my screen over and over again as the SOS I’d written earlier finally went out. "Yeah, the storm must’ve screwed everything up. I hope it doesn’t come back.” I dropped my shoulders and let out a breath I didn’t know I’d been holding. “Can we please get out of here now?” I just want to go home.
Seth splashed his way across the muddy floor toward the doors. He grunted as he pushed, throwing his shoulder into it. “Door’s stuck.” He pulled the handle really hard and the thing ripped right off the door. He tossed it on the ground and tried pushing against the door and then moved to the other door, but to no avail. Brent and Kieran hurried over, trying to help. Panic filled my chest.
Punching the steel, Brent groaned. “Looks like we’ll be waiting here ‘til someone answers one of Zoe’s texts.” He crossed his arms and shrugged.
“You’re jokin’!” I shook my head. “We’re trapped, again?”
“Just slightly detained,” Seth glared at the door and then threw his hands in the air. “It’s no big deal. The storm’s over now.”
“We’re probably in its eye.” Let’s go, guys. Come on!
“You girls wanna do some wrestling? We’ll watch.” Brent clapped his hands and rubbed them together. He gave a good-natured leer. “Now that the skies are clear, it looks like your standing in a mud ring with white on the outside. Just need the ropes.”
I stifled a groan. Music-man needed to shut his vocal chords. However, he was right about the white-thing. Still standing in the middle of the round room, I swung around and stared. Freaky. Really freaky. “It does seem kinda bright in here.” Even without the lightning or key flashlight. What’s going on?
“Like someone’s switched the lights on,” Seth said.
“But at a low wattage. ’Pears like the walls are ablaze,” added Kieran.
“Ablaze?” Seth laughed. “That a British term or something?”
Kieran smiled, but his lips stayed tight together. I felt his frustration and wished Seth stood within reach so I could swat the back of his head.
Aside from the large puddle of mud in the middle, everything seemed white in color, like a coloring page that hadn’t been filled in yet. The walls were stark and pale. Staring at them, I followed the pattern the cracked lines between the bricks made. They seemed unusually bright, almost like they, too, glowed in the dark. I checked the cement slabs we’d been standing on. Even with mud splattered on them, they were white instead of grey. Of fallen particles that had showered down on us, the nuts, bolts and other metal bits were white.
Heidi shivered. “This room’s weird. Actually the whole place is creepy. Zoe’s always moaning about how she hates this place. Now I totally get it.” She hugged herself. “Sorry to be the perpetual wimp, but I’d prefer to get out of here than spend the night. Zoe, can you try your cell again?” Like her hands, her voice trembled slightly.
“Sure.” I don’t plan on sleeping here either. Flipping my cell phone open, I saw there had been two replies to my SOS, and both thought I’d been joking. “I’m not sure it’ll work, but I’ll try again.” I dialed dad’s number.
“Hu-llo?” His voice came across the line low and tired.
“Dad? It’s me. We’re stranded in the mine. Help!” Shoot! He’s so gonna freak. I lowered my voice to a normal level and checked my watch. Just after two a.m. “Sorry. Were you sleeping?”
“What’s wrong?” He sounded instantly awake. “Where are you? Did you say the mine?”
His bed creaked in the background and I knew he’d sat up, probably already shoving his feet into the Crocs he kept by the bed. Having a doctor for a father, worries tended to get blown out of proportion. One of the reasons he and mom split.
“I’m not hurt. Relax.” I exhaled a slow breath and fought to control my voice. “But we’re in a bit of a bind. The gang all went to the high school kickoff tonight and a storm blew in. We went for cover in the old uranium mine and we’re… kinda stuck.” He may be the calmest doctor on the continent, but when it came to his only daughter, he turned into the biggest worrywart. I was at mom’s this weekend so he would assume I’d be home sleeping in my bed. He was probably having a coronary right now.
“I’m on my way. Have you called nine-one-one?” My pause had him talking again. “Have you tried anyone else?”
I knew what was coming.
“Come on, Zoezey.”
I sighed. “No, I haven’t called mom. I’m sleeping at Rylee’s tonight.” I could hear him getting dressed and imagined him holding the phone with his chin against his shoulder, throwing on jeans and a sweatshirt. He was probably leaning over to grab his doctor’s bag, dark hair falling in his face. “My cell just started working.”
“I’ll call Jim.” Seth’s dad, Jim, was a fireman with a huge, muscular body. He could probably remove the fallen tree with his bare hands and then tear down the mine doors with his pinkie finger.
“You’d better call Brent’s dad and the rest of the gang’s dads. I’m not sure my phone will keep working. I don’t even know if the storm’s going to start up again. It’s all… all…” I swallowed trying not to cry. My throat tightened and burned.
“I’m coming, sweetie,” he said, car keys jingling in the background. “I’ll call nine-one-one and everyone I need to. Keep your cell close.”
“Please hurry.” I shut the phone and waved it at my friends, not sure I could speak. “Help’s on the way.”
“Hopefully Seth’s dad is driving the ladder truck over here to rescue us right now,” Heidi said.
“I’m sure he’s on his way.” Seth came and put his arm around Heidi.
“We’re all okay and going to get outta here very soon.” Brent came and stood by me.
The scepticism of the past few hours eased. Exhaustion seeped into my core. I dropped onto one of the concrete slabs. The others followed my lead. There we sat, and waited. And waited. Bored, we needed someone to talk about something… anything to keep our minds off the fact we were still trapped. Small talk. “Kieran, where’s your new place?”
He ran a hand through his thick, brown hair. “Me granddad owned the wooden cabin thingy near the roundabout -- sorry, I mean the four-way stop. He left it to me dad in ’is will.”
Rylee, sitting near him, rested a hand on his shoulder. “Sorry to hear you lost your grandfather.”
“It was like three years ago. Guess me dad ’n him were not thar close. Plus, he was a miserable ol’ bugger.” Kieran laughed, and all three females turned toward the husky sound. He didn’t seem to notice. “Me dad decided to up ’n come here for the year. I wasn’t too keen, but he tends to not give a toss to what I think.” He shrugged and shot a glance in my direction.
I couldn’t read his face. His accent was sexy, even when he sounded ticked off at his dad. With his Sean Connery voice, I had to listen closely to what he said. It might be fun having a new guy in the group. Senior year just got a lot more interesting.
“What’d your mom think about having to come to Canada?” Rylee asked.
“Me mum passed away a few years back. It’s just me dad now.”
Rylee’s hands flew to her face and her eyes grew big. She patted his arm. “Sorry. I sometimes open my mouth when I shouldn’t.”
Seth smirked. “Sometimes? I think you like puttin’ your foot in your mouth.”
“Shut up!” Rylee laughed and gave Seth, who sat on her other side, a shove. “At least my mother doesn’t bake cookies in the shape of NHL teams for me.”
“Hey! I like Seth’s mom’s cookies,” Heidi suddenly piped up. “I’m hoping she sent some with you tonight and you left them in the truck.” Poor Heidi, skinny as a toothpick and always hungry.
“Speaking of food, I’m starving!” Seth grabbed his stomach.
I groaned, trying to swallow against dryness in my mouth. “I’m kinda thirsty.”
“Me too.” Heidi said. “Hungry, thirsty, and soaking.”
“Hopefully someone arrives soon,” Brent said. “I’m wiped.” Everyone must’ve felt the same as we all grew quiet and waited.
Dad sent a text to let us know the firefighters were working on removing the large fallen tree at the entrance to the mine. We could hear muffled noise from the dome. He sent another text forty minutes later asking where we were.
It took almost an hour for the search and rescue team to find us.
When voices on the other side of the locked door greeted us, we hollered. The room had grown darker as the moon shifted.
The saw-cutters and drills had me covering my ears from the screeching noise. The loud banging from some heavy metal thing slamming against the door seemed to last forever. It broke my heart when I heard one of the firefighters say they’d have to try the other door.
“Anyone ’ver watch Fireman Sam?” Kieran asked loudly, trying to be heard over the noise. “Tom Thomas could fly his little helicopter and lift us out of here with a rope. Seems yer firefighters could use ol’ Sam.”
“Huh?” Seth chuckled. “That was my favourite show when I was a kid. My dad had an uncle from England send DVDs over.” He laughed harder. Kieran joined in.
“You guys are messed up!” I tried frowning but couldn’t stop the smile. Could this night get any crazier?
The firefighters finally broke down the other door. Their flashlights were so bright, they had all of us holding our hands out to covering our eyes.
Rylee stood closest to the door and yelped when the light hit her eyes. “Turn that thing off, please!” She staggered like she’d been hit. Seth grabbed her arm to steady her.
One fireman swept his torch over the walls. I nudged Kieran and pointed. “They’re black.” I kept my voice low.
“Wha’?” he said.
“The walls, they’re black now. Weren’t they sorta glowing in the dark before?” I continued to whisper.
He blinked, and scratched his left temple. “Yeah, ‘tis weird. Maybe it was the moon.”
Four more firefighters filed through the door, one of them Seth’s dad. Jim’s boisterous voice shouted commands and had us walking out single file, holding onto a rope with a fireman between each of us. We laughed at the bright yellow rope, but Jim insisted we use the buddy system so no one would be left behind.
Ten minutes later we stood on the wet grass among flashing cop cars, fire trucks, and the local TV crew. Only in a small town, the freakin’ media’s got nothing more exciting to cover? I found my dad a split second before he noticed me. He stood, hands in his back pockets of his jeans, doctor bag hanging over his shoulder and his right foot tapping.
He ran over and squeezed me tight. “Everyone okay?” He motioned to Jim and walked to get his medical bag where he’d dropped it when he’d dashed over. “Let’s get all of you to the ambulance. Check and see if you’re all okay.”
A policeman stepped forward. “Your folks have been notified,” he paused when he reached Kieran, “except yours, young man. We didn’t realize there were six of you.” He handed Kieran the cell from his chest pocket. “Here. Call your folks.”
Kieran pushed the phone back at the officer. “Thanks, but I’ll let me Dad know in the morning. No sense in waking ’im if everything’s all right.”
Poor guy. He’s embarrassed by the officer’s concern. I inhaled a deep breath, about to say something. The air smelled of wet earth. It felt like mud clogged in my throat. I gagged and began coughing.
Dad rushed back to my side and pounded my back. “You okay?”
Holy smokes. You don’t need to shout, Dad. I bent forward and raised a hand. “I’m… okay…” I tried to clear my air passage. “A bug must’ve been… trying to… suffocate me.” I swallowed and took shallow breaths. “Honest, I’m fine.” Please don’t embarrass me.
“I’ll get you home soon, kiddo.” Dad put his arm around my shoulder when I straightened. “Let me just check the others and we’ll go. My car’s parked beside the first ambulance.”
I rested my head on his chest, suddenly exhausted. “The Bug’s parked somewhere in the field.”
“We’ll get it in the morning.”
Seth spoke from behind. “I’ll take it back to my place. Kieran can drive my truck.”
“Thanks.” I lifted my head. It felt so heavy.
Rylee’s folks had come and, to my surprise, Heidi’s mom was here on her own. It made me wish mom were here, but the feeling quickly evaporated.
I tried to focus on my friends, but my eyes rolled from sudden exhaustion. I tried blinking several times to refocus but gave up. Tapping Dad’s shoulder, I asked, “Is it okay if I wait in your car?”
He bent down to grab something out of his medical bag. “Let me check you once more –”
“Dad! I’m fine.” I winced at the harshness in my tone, and lowered my voice. “Nothing happened in the mine. We just got stuck in that stupid room.” I didn’t want to be here another minute. The ambulances’ flashing red lights bounced off the front of the mine. The entrance looked like a face laughing at us with horrible beady red eyes. I shuddered and mumbled, “So… tired… just gonna lie down… in the car.” I walked to his Beemer, grabbing a blanket and bottle of water from the back of the ambulance as I passed. I crawled into the backseat and took a swig from the bottle. The refreshing liquid never tasted so delicious. My body collapsed across the seats, my arms pulling the blanket over my head. Everything sounded so loud outside.
I woke groggy sometime later. It took me a moment to remember what happened. Ugh! What a lousy night. The cut-off of the engine told me we were in Dad’s driveway. He cleared his throat and I heard him move to reach over to the passenger seat, probably grabbing his bag. When he opened the door, the irritating beeping sounded to remind him to take the keys from the ignition.
Reaching for the handle, I pulled myself up and crept outside. The cool air made me shiver. I hugged myself and groggily made my way to Dad’s front door. A figure stood silhouetted in the light on the porch. I groaned, wishing I had the ability to disappear, or better yet, some supernatural power to make my mom disappear.
Mom began shouting at Dad, oblivious to the late hour. “You bastard! Why didn’t you call me sooner?” She stoped her foot. “She could’ve been seriously hurt.”
Dad said nothing. He put his arm around my shoulders and helped me inside the house and whispered to me, “She’s just worried about you.” Once we were through the front door, he turned back to corral my unbelievably loud mother. She wouldn’t shut up.
“She could’ve drowned, or been hit by lightning or --”
“Bev,” Dad said, using his doctor-talking-to-the-patient voice, “why not come inside and I’ll make you a cup of coffee. You must be cold from waiting.” Good ol’ Dad, making her think it was in her best interest to come in.
They came inside, Dad holding the door for my stomping mother. She paused in front of me and began touching and patting me everywhere.
“Are you hurt?” Pat, pat, pat.
“No, Mom. Stop. Nothing’s broken. Dad’s already checked me out. I’m fine.”
“We should take you to the hospital. Who knows what rodents are living in that mine.”
I stepped out of her reach. “I’m all right.” I glanced at Dad for help.
He smiled and shrugged, as if saying “what can you do?” He squeezed my shoulder. “Let’s talk over a cup of coffee, Bev.”
Mom glared at him. “You’re right we’re going to talk.” She stormed into the kitchen.
Dad gave me a sympathetic smile. “I’ll calm her down. Why don’t you go on and clean up.” He pulled at a strand of my hair, and dried dirt fell to the floor.
That’s why I loved him. He got me without having to explain things sometimes. “Thanks. I’m gonna jump in the shower. I stink.”
“--and I think there’s more mud on you than most pigs.” He hugged me tight, pulling away when my mother called out she couldn’t work the coffee machine. I smiled. Dad had one of those automatic coffeemakers. It made lattes, hot chocolates, the works. Actually, a drink sounded really good.
He must have seen my face. “I’ll make something hot and soothing for you to drink, and put it in your room.” He kissed my forehead. “Goodnight, sweetie. I’ll see you in morning.” He headed down the hall to the kitchen.
I shook my head when Mom started in on Dad. She always did that. Whenever she couldn’t handle a situation, she blamed it on him. She didn’t mean to, but it was her way of dealing with crap. Plus tonight she talked so bloomin’ loud, it grated on my ears. She just didn’t know how to handle intense situations. If she’d just leaned on Dad instead of blaming him, maybe… I forced the thought out of my head. I loved my mom and she was great. She just had a tendency to overreact. Usually it wasn’t a big deal, but tonight, I just couldn’t handle it.
I headed to the room Dad had set up for me five years ago when he’d bought the house shortly after their separation. I lived with Mom but slept here as much as I could. I grabbed a pair of cotton PJ bottoms with a tank top and headed downstairs. Dad had this awesome huge double shower installed down there.
Turning both jets on high, I stripped down and stepped in. The hot water pounded on my back and top of my head. It felt awesome. The power of the jets drowned out my parents’ voices. A headache began creeping up the back of my neck and spreading like a vice around my head. I washed my mud-caked legs and scrubbed the dirt out of my hair. If my head didn’t hurt so badly, I’d have enjoyed the shower longer. All I wanted to do was crawl into bed and vanish for the next hundred hours. I never got migraines and this felt debilitating.
I dressed and paused at the kitchen entrance. Dad had calmed Mom down. They each sat on a barstool, having a glass of wine. Mom was laughing at something Dad said, her slender fingers resting on his bicep.
She stood when she saw me and came over to give me a hug. “Glad you’re okay.” She kissed my forehead. “Ready to go?”
“I-I…uh…” I stood there in PJs and she wanted to take me home? Some people were actually getting up at this time to go to work!
“Bev.” Dad rested his hand on her shoulder. “Why not let Zoezey sleep here. It’s almost morning, and she’s exhausted.”
Her brows creased together and she opened her mouth.
“Mom,” I interrupted, stopping any chance of her speaking. “My head’s killin’. I’m gonna lie down. You finish your wine. If I’m still awake when you’re done, I’ll come back with you.”
She nodded, and from behind her shoulder, Dad winked at me.
“G’night.” I turned and headed upstairs, not waiting for their wishes or kisses. I shuffled to my bedroom, barely able to keep my eyes open from the pounding in my head. I really had a new sympathy for migraine sufferers. If I could fall asleep before it hit full-on, I’d avoid the worst of it. I stumbled into bed, shoving the pillow over my ears to drown out my parents. They were so hot and cold, sometimes I felt like the adult.
Noises all around screamed deep into my ear canals. There was no escape into darkness, just the shards and fracturing across the inside of my eyelids. Too exhausted to fight, I lay there tortured, unable to move.



Chapter 4

Ka-poosh!… Ka-poosh... Kapoosh!
I groaned and threw the duvet over my face. When that didn’t deafen the jackhammer outside, I grabbed the pillow and stuffed it over my head. It’s freakin’ Sunday morning and Dad’s idiot neighbour has to rip the concrete out of his driveway NOW?
Ka-poosh!
Bolting upright, I chucked the pillow at the closet. The noise continued to echo in my ears and ricochet inside my head. I glanced at the nightstand, swearing I’d just heard the click of the numbers changing. Impossible. Seeing as it’s freakin’ digital.
Six a.m., right on the button.
Rubbing my eyes, I checked again. Yeah, I’d read it correctly. I banged my head against the pillow. Except it wasn’t there. It lay on the floor by my closet.
Three hours of sleep. Seriously?
I punched the mattress and pushed myself out of bed. I jerked back, startled when an echo from the bed’s springs squealed against my eardrums. Stomping to the window, I flipped open Dad’s expensive California shutters. The street below lay void of life. The neighbour didn’t have a hard hat crew jacking up the concrete; only his Lexus sat in the driveway. Dad lived in the rich side of town where all the professional doctors, lawyers, and whoever were all still in bed this morning. Only a stupid fly with an annoying buzz banged into the glass a few times before finally taking off.
Still, the Ka-poosh noise didn’t stop. I turned from the window and slumped against the wall. I shut my eyes tight as more sounds crashed against my eardrums -- my father snoring… a dog barking… the fridge running… a screen door slamming…
My eyes shot open. Dad’s asleep so why would the back door be closing? My brows mashed together. Wait. He doesn’t have a screen door. It was one of those metal doors with the fancy rainbow glass. Maybe the neighbors?
Heart pounding against my ribs, each rapid beat reverberated inside my skull, like church bells. My head hurt like hell. Last night’s thunderstorm fiasco came flooding back. The creepy mine, the weird blue skin, Mom and Dad’s fight, and the exhaustion.
Too tired to notice pretty much anything. Maybe I’d caught a cold. Ear infection? I pressed my fingers against the bridge of my nose. No pressure or congestion. I feel good, like I’ve slept ten hours instead of three. I snorted but stopped instantly, the noise seemed to scream into my hearing canal. Well, my body feels rested. My head feels like a train wreck between the ears. I plugged my ears.
Ka-poosh!
I marched out of the room, determined to find whoever was responsible for the annoying sound. I trudged through Dad’s entire backsplit, nearly falling down when I got to the bottom of the basement stairs. The ka-poosh noise became clearer. I yanked the bathroom door open, not giving a crap who might be inside. About to yell, my voice froze in my throat.
No drill or jackhammer here either, but the noise was deafening. Plugging my ears again, I walked to the shower. “Holy crap.” I jumped back, surprised that even my voice sounded way too loud to my poor ears. The stall stood vacant, but the faucet hadn’t been completely shut off. Water dripped from the showerhead, making the distinctive ka-poosh sound.
How in the world did I hear that tiny drip from upstairs in my bed? How’d it wake me up? As I realized the sound, it blended in with the other noises of the house. Distinct, but everything else I heard seemed to be fighting for attention inside my head. I could even hear Dad snoring three floors up. I’m like a bloody animal. If someone blows one those dog whistles I’ll probably hear it and start howling.
Cranking the faucet tight, my thoughts drifted back to the mine. I never planned on stepping foot inside there again… ever. Earwax. I grabbed two Q-tips and tried clearing my ears out. It sounded like a river rushing though my head. The tips came away barely dirty. What the --?
I pushed the rising panic aside and tossed the tips in the garbage can. I tugged at my ear lobes as I made my way up the stairs. I needed some Advil and breakfast. Hopefully, that would clear my headache and my hypersensitive ears.
Once inside the slightly clinical-feeling, chrome-filled kitchen, I popped waffles into the toaster. After setting my plate as quietly as I could on the little breakfast bar in the middle of the room, I swung open the fridge to grab syrup. I squawked when a high-pitched urrrr sound grated in the air. Grimacing, I whirled around to trail the sound. Toaster. There must’ve been some kind of short in it. I jerked the cord from the wall, my shoulders instantly relaxing. I hadn’t even noticed they’d tensed up.
I stared at my white knuckles gripping the edge of the counter. Something’s so wrong. I could tune into every sound in the house… and I mean all of it, on every floor, and outside. Focus, Zoe. You can control this. You tune Mom and Dad out all the time.
I shut my eyes, attempting to squash the building panic inside. Except closing my eyes only enhanced my hearing into supersonic radars. I couldn’t control it. My eyelids popped up at a sudden thought. No human can possibly hear with such clarity without help.
My chest swelled and stiffened, ready to explode. The tightness crept up my throat. I flipped around, leaning against the counter and stared at everything. The dishwasher, the fridge, the clock on the stove, the lights above me, a pounding creak near the stairs. Each time my eyes settled on something, my hearing tuned into a new sound. All the normal things in my life are now enemies invading my head.
“Crap, crap, crap,” I whispered, the heels of my hands covered my eyes and my fingernails scratched into my scalp. The scraping on my skin sounded like nails on a chalkboard. I shuddered. Even my barely audible cry sounded like wailing to me.
“What’s going on, Zoe?”
I nearly hit the ceiling from Dad’s groggy voice. He stood at the kitchen doorway in hospital scrubs and a creased white tee shirt. Get outta here. Fake a yawn, go back to bed. Avoid doctor dad. His creamed coffee-colored hair had major bed-head on the left side. He walked to the fridge and pulled out a container of OJ, drinking straight from the jug.
As I stared at his large, bare feet, each gulp he swallowed bounced inside my ear canals. His heart beat between each swallow -- glug-thump-glug-thump. I swore if I concentrated hard enough, I’d hear the blood rushing through his veins.
He put the juice back in the fridge, and shut the door with his heel as he turned to watch me. The concern on his face comforted me. I relaxed my shoulders, but felt like I couldn’t breathe.
“You look like you’re in pain.” He placed a cool hand on my forehead, and then the back of my neck. “You’re a bit warm.”
I stepped back, out of his reach. “I’m all right.” I took a slow, shallow breath in and out. “Just a bit of a headache.” I didn’t want him to worry… yet.
Too late. He disappeared from the kitchen for a moment, and I heard him grab his medical bag from the chair near the front door. Crap! I don’t need this right now. I just want to be on my own… figure this out. He reappeared and dropped the bag on the counter.
I flinched at the loud sound each clasp made when he clipped the bag open.
“I want to do some blood work on you. Who knows what got into your system at that old mine.” He pulled out a needle and a couple of vials. “Sit.” He pointed to one of the chairs at the breakfast nook along the wall. “I’m heading into the office for an hour.”
Not in the mood to argue, I dropped into a chair and grimaced as it creaked. Slow movements, quiet as possible. How could I have forgotten that already?
I swear I heard my tendons snap as I straightened my arm. Dad tied a tourniquet around my bicep.
“Make a fist.”
“I know the drill, Dad. I’ve done this before.” Wow, we’re having a shouting match and he doesn’t even know it.
“Just making sure.” He swiped the area with an alcohol swab.
I closed my eyes, not wanting to see the needle go into my flesh. The sharp pinch was enough for me. A unique buzzing filled my ears, and when the needle pricked my skin and entered my vein, I flinched. I picked up a weird sucking sound, like a vacuum and then the sound of my blood whooshing into the vial. It took everything within me not to pull away or try to cover my ears with my free arm. Act normal. Three vials filled; each click and popping sound discrete to my oversensitive ears.
I stared at the vials and caught my Dad’s heart rate switching to a faster pace. The blood inside had a purple tinge to it. Was that normal?
“There, kiddo. All done.” Dad pressed a cotton ball and bandage on my arm. He stood and put the blood into a mini-centrifuge container he kept in the bag. “I’m going to jump in the shower, and then head out.”
“Do you think…” I swallowed, afraid to finish my thought, “something…might be off?”
He hugged me. “No. I just want to double check. I have no idea if there’s still radium in the mine. There might be uranium in there and if you kids inhaled any…” He sighed and pulled away. “Everything’s fine. I just prefer to err on the side of caution.”
I nodded but said nothing. I’d heard the change in his heart rate again and knew he was either lying or scared. So was I.
Dad squeezed my shoulder and headed back to his room. As I watched his retreating figure, I wondered why he’d never dated. He had a great job, he was handsome and fit. Women threw themselves at him all the time when we went out or when I visited him at his office. Mom had done a number on him. She’d broken his heart beyond repair. Great. Now I’m all sentimental like I’m about to die.
The pulsing water from Dad’s shower broke me out of my wandering thoughts. With my weird super-hearing, I listened to him step in and the water hit his body. Gross I didn’t need to listen to his morning routine.
Running for the safety of my bedroom, I dove into bed, thrust my head under the pillow and pulled the covers over. Dad’s electric razor sounded like a lawnmower, even when I tried muffling the sound.
A part of me tried to convince the rest of myself this could be something really cool. Maybe, but it’s a nightmare at the same time.
What about the others? Had the same thing happened to them?
I crawled out from under the sheets and grabbed my Blackberry. Rylee and Heidi were first on my BBM list.
I sent them both a message: U ok? Let’s meet 2nite.
Dropping back onto the bed I shut my eyes tight and counted the loud echo of my heartbeats. It was easy to pick out the dub-lub sound my heart made as blood poured through its chambers. I tried to block out the horrible thoughts.
It was no use.
My cell lit up and its buzzing sounded like a bee’s nest.
Rylee replied: WTH? I got a massive migraine + can’t stop crying.



Chapter 5
Brent

Somehow the sun figured out a way to sneak through my blinds and stab my pillow. At first it didn’t bother me. Half awake, the guitar dream felt too good to be true. Aw! Why couldn’t it be real? When my left hand started tingling, I rolled over. Sunshine clawed its way through my closed eyelids so I rolled over and moved my head into the shade. Ten minutes later the blinding light zapped me again.
Irritated, I flipped onto my back and grabbed the remote on the nightstand. Now my right hand prickled. I must’ve slept on a nerve or something. I pressed the power button and the fifty-inch flat screen hanging on my wall flickered to life. Much Music had some greaty-eighties videos playing and the satellite info on the top right corner showed just after eleven.
Eyes still fuzzy from sleeping, I got up and staggered into my bathroom to take a leak. Returning to the bedroom, I caught sight of my open guitar case and ran my fingers over the wood of the Hagstrom. A weird flash fogged my vision – I stumbled and caught the back of the chair before I wiped out.
“Weird.” Could I still be dreaming? Nah… I bent down, checking my newest baby. If she’d gotten ruined last night outside the mine… didn’t even want to imagine. Nate bitched and complained the entire time in Europe about her bulkiness and me lugging her everywhere we went, but I didn’t give a toss. It probably cost me half my soul to buy, but the Hagstrom was worth every penny.
The case had water damage on the base, but hey, that’s what they’re for. It’s not like I couldn’t get a new one. Finally arriving home in my room last night, I’d immediately opened it, paranoid it’d gotten wet. Then I’d dropped on my bed, too exhausted to get up, check it, or close the case.
The guitar begged me to stroke her. I slid my thumb across the strings, enjoying the sensation it brought. I strummed a few chords and wrapped my fingers around her neck. No rush, I could play a bit before heading downstairs.
The fingers on both hands vibrated against the Maplewood fretboard and the copper-bound steel strings. I pulled back. A tingling sensation zinged from the tips of my fingers up my length of my arm. Staring at my hand, I blinked. Brushing off the feeling, I leaned forward to play again.
“What the--” Again, freaky tremors bounced against my hand and my vision distorted. I tried to focus by squinting, but a shadowy silhouette appeared before me playing my guitar. The guy in the Liverpool shop I’d bought her from said she’d come out of a house on Abbey Road. I hadn’t believed him, but the blurry guy in my vision kind of looked like a young version of Sir McCartney. Okay, my totally overactive imagination is getting the best of me. I’m still dreaming.
Or, Nate was playing tricks on me. Maybe he had some electric trickle wire leading to the guitar. I dropped to the floor in a push-up position, intending to check the wires.
The moment my fingers touched the dark floor, I froze. The hardwood thrummed against my hands, and a clear image of what appeared, suspiciously, flashed in front of my eyes. My folks sat in the brightly sunlit dining room, directly below, having brunch. Dad reading the paper, and Mom checking messages on her iPad.
I stood and staggered backward, rubbing my forehead. Wait a sec---Nate couldn’t have rigged my guitar. He left for UofT last week.
I grabbed a tee shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans. I groaned. Ah, hell, Rosetta had ironed them – again. How many times did I have to ask her to take them just out of the dryer? I preferred my pants kinda crinkled. No kid my age ironed his pants. Complaining didn’t help. She’d just start ironing my boxer-briefs and leave smiley-face post-it notes. I loved her anyway. She was our housemaid, but part mom at the same time.
Giddy laughter floated up the stairs. Mom reacting to something Dad said. I followed their voices and the smell of fresh cinnamon buns and coffee into the dining area, then shook my head at the moment of déjà vu. Say what? How could I know? I gave my head a slight shake. Nah, it’s just their normal routine. I clenched and unclenched my hands, trying to stop the annoying prickly sensation.
“You’re up.” Dad folded his paper and leaned back in his chair. He wore a suit – strange for a Saturday. “Surprising. You usually don’t show your face till at least noon.”
“How’re you feeling?” Mom ran a finger back and forth along her pearl necklace.
“Fine, I guess.” I shrugged, ignoring Dad’s comment. “My head’s killing me.”
Mom rested a cool hand on the nape of my neck. “You’re a bit warm. Do you think I should phone Dr. Taylor and ask him do a house call?”
Dad harrumphed.
“I’m fine, Mom.” I leaned over and kissed her cheek smelling sweet perfume against her collar. “I probably just need to eat.” I grabbed a croissant, loaded it with ham and cheese, and took a huge bite. Tingling seemed to have finally stopped. I settled into the chair across from my father and nodded at him. Mom wore a fancy outfit. Both dressed up? Probably going to one of Dad’s functions.
“I’ve got one of my surveyors coming tomorrow to look at the mine. He’ll run a few tests on the uranium. See if there’s any trace amounts and make sure the mine’s properly closed. That place is a sore spot in this town. I’d like to see it turned into a golf course.” He glanced at Mom. “I’m going to check with the city to see if that’s possible. It’d be the perfect location and I don’t own a course. I’d love to design one.” He pulled his iPad out and began making notes.
Keeping my head down, I rolled my eyes. He wants a golf course? Now he thinks he’s a designer? No worry his son might be full of toxins or who-knows-the-hell-what?
“Nate called this morning.” Mom slipped on her white suit jacket and straightened it. She wiped invisible dirt off the matching white skirt. She always wore white the last day before Labor Day. Said it had to do with some fashion thing.
“What’d he say?” Nate’d be psyched to hear about last night.
“I told him you spent the night in the mine. He wants you to phone him with all the details.” Mom turned to Dad. “Time to go, honey. The invitation said three o’clock, and it’ll take us an hour to get there.”
Dad sighed. He stood and tossed his napkin on the table. “I’d love to have one Sunday with no commitments. What happened to family days?” He pulled his phone out as he followed my mother toward the hallway. “Do you mind driving, dear? I’ll make a few phone calls regarding the possibility of the golf course. If I can’t do it at the mine, I want to find another location now that I’ve got it in my head.”
Mom looked at me and winked. “One of your dad’s business partners invited us to his retirement party. I’m not sure what time we’ll be back. It shouldn’t be too late.” She picked up her purse off the buffet and slipped it over her shoulder. “Rosetta put a chicken on the rotisserie and there’s salad in the fridge. Don’t forget to call Nate.”
“Okeydokey.” I stood and followed them to the front entrance. Their social obligations always seemed to trump any possibility of having a real conversation with them. “See ya later.” I closed the door and stood there a moment with my hand remaining on the door.
Startled, I jerked away but kept my hand on the heavy, oak door. The weird tingling sensation returned, but with a force that spasmed all the way up to my eyeballs. The door was antique, with lead windows high up on the top, but it felt like my fingers had drilled little holes and gave me perfect vision outside… like a window.
I could see my parents walk outside toward the three-car garage. My dad patted my mom’s ass, which she reciprocated with a playful shove.
“What the fu--,” I mumbled, pulling my hand away. The image disappeared when the pressure of the wood left my fingers. Curious, I raised both hands and tentatively touched the door with the tips of my fingers. The entire yard came into view. The garage door opening, my folks pulling out, disappearing down the drive. I can see through frickin’ doors?
Weird. But while watching outside, I could also see the door in front of me. It took a bit of focussing, but I figured out how to switch back and forth -- inside, then outside, then back inside. Keeping one hand on the door, I turned sideways. Now I could see the dining room table, or anywhere else I looked, and still see outside at will.
I could spy on people – hot girls in particular – or play a killer trick on Seth. The possibilities were endless.
“This is so effing cool!” I shouted to the empty house. No need to swear with no one to hear me. My head pounded. Shouting wasn’t a smart idea. Suddenly my brain hurt like a son of a bitch. Even my eyes ached like they had weights on them.
I need my phone. It took everything I had to trudge up the stairs. Lightheaded and dizzy, I clung to the railing and tried to ignore the tingling feeling now spreading to my feet.
Swallowing the bile rising in my throat, I dropped to the floor when I made it past the last step. Crawling toward the stand beside my bed, I grew nauseous from the see-through floor because of my fingers and trying to find my way through my foggy eyes. When I reached my bed, it took everything in me not to hurl.
Still on all fours and my forehead pressed against the floor, I reached on top of the stand and let my hand find my Blackberry. Blowing a hard breath from my lips, I gingerly sat up and leaned against the bed.
Eyes open in slits, I sent Seth and Zoe a text. Zoe and I had been great buds since preschool. Too bad I didn’t have the courage to tell her I wouldn’t mind being something more. Last night I’d hoped to ask her out. Except she’d been goggling over the new guy, and then the thunderstorm screwed everything up. At least I have this wicked cool touchy-thing to make up for it. My thumbs found the keys and I didn’t even need to look at the screen.
Meet 2nite. 7pm PHP Have something cool 2 show u
I wanted to try the touch-feely thing outside. See what happens when I put my hand on the grass. I pushed myself up and leaned against the bed. It took several deep breaths top stop the room from the spinning. Walking like a drunk bum, I made it past my door and down the hall.
Then my brain decided to spin the house like a tornado. I pressed my fingers against my temple and buried my head into my palms. Another sensation pushed into my conscience – like Dorothy’s house in the Wizard of Oz.
I realized what was happening – a second too late.



Chapter 6

Rrrrr…Rrrrrr…
My phone vibrated against my cheek. I must’ve rolled onto it in my sleep. I’d passed out big time.
I opened my eyes and nearly shit my pants. Holy crap! What the hell happened? I lay on the top of the stairs. Well, sort of. My hips and legs were on the landing, but my upper body lay sprawled down on the top two steps. The moments before passing out came flooding back. How I hadn’t toppled down the stairs was beyond me.
Slowly I crawled backwards until there were no more steps. Headache’s gone, thank goodness. Except my body still felt weak and shaky. I crawled back to my room and dropped onto my bed, tossing my phone beside me.
Stretching, I glanced around my room. Five guitars rested peacefully on their stands but my new one still lay on the floor beside the bed. How irreverent of me.
A tingling in my toes reminded me of more important things. I leaned to the side and touched the wall. My fingers brought Nate’s room into focus, even clearer than before. Freakin’ awesome! I still got it.
I punched the bed in excitement, rolled off, and stood barefoot on the hardwood floor. An image of the dining room flashed in front of my eyes at the exact moment the bottom of my feet touched. My feet now have eyes? What’s going on with my skin? I gotta figure out how to control this or I’ll go crazy. Distracted, I nearly stepped on my guitar. I caught myself and went to splash cold water on my face.
“Holy shit!” I stared at the reflection in my mirror, towel in hand. My eyebrows hid under my hair, and my mouth hung open. I’m surprised the vision didn’t come from my jaw hitting the floor. Moving closer, it seemed as if my blue eyes had more specs of brown in them. Or they were just bluer. Nah… impossible.
Still gawking, I spread my feet shoulder width apart. After seeing my face in the mirror and the room below, I touched the wall. My freak skill allowed me to see Nate’s room, the dining room and my reflection, all at the same time. It took some time, but by shifting my focus slightly by moving my eyes, I figured out how to switch rooms. It made my head spin so I dropped the toilet seat down and sat. I could touch the floor and both walls.
I needed to slow down or I’d throw up. Feet on the floor, I shoved my hands under my armpits and worked on shifting scenes without getting dizzy. Once accomplished, I added one hand, then the other. Soon I could focus on what I wanted to see, and still see the other rooms peripherally, like a computer screen that had different screens which popped up by simply touching them. Pacing in my room, I needed to figure out how to have the ability to see my normal field of sight. I’d either never be able to move or I’d crash into everything if I didn’t get it sorted.
Dropping my arms and shaking them, I gave my shoulders a few rolls and started from my feet up again. First one foot I concentrated on the screen views my brain gave me. Sweat broke out on my forehead but I knew I was getting there. The dizziness disappeared as well as the nausea. When I finally added a hand to the wall and manoeuvred around my guitars without banging into anything, I relaxed. Easy as pie. Laughter erupted from my throat, and I did a Tiger Woods fist pump, then nicely finished off with two long blasts from the old butt trumpet.
A buzzing stopped my victory dance. My phone slid a few inches on my sheets, trying to get my attention. I picked it up and checked for messages. There were three. Seth said he’d meet up and would stop by Kieran’s place to see if he wanted to come. Heidi texted that Zoe had sent her a message and she’d let Rylee know, and they’d be there.
Zoe sent the last one.
#SYMBOL 74 \f "Wingdings" \s 13#  Sorry 4 not replying sooner. Mom’s freaking out since I didn’t call her when I was at my dad’s. I’m walking 2 mom’s now and getting the Beatle. C U at PHP. I gotta tell you something.  
Poor gal, she had no idea how to send a short text. I couldn’t help but grin. I gotta tell you something wayyy cooler. Unless she had the same thing happen to her. Something from the mine…
I replied: L8er.
Tossing the phone on the bed, I then bent over and picked up Hagstrom, unable to resist playing it. I settled onto the stool near the fireplace on the far wall and ran my fingers over the strings, playing a few odd chords. I’d always preferred fingers over a pick. Now, the vibrations humming through my fingers were like magic, like I’d never understood the sound until that moment.
I disappeared into the melody as the notes rang out. Nothing else existed. There was only the music. Not like before, so much more… deeper, sensual.
The next time I checked my watch, I stared in surprise. Two and a half hours gone? It’d felt like twenty minutes since I’d come to at the top of the stairs. Six o’clock and I still needed to shower before heading out to PHP. Jumping from the stool, I carefully set the guitar on her stand and raced to the bathroom.

The log cabin exterior of Pool Hall Parlour twinkled with year-round with multi-colored Christmas lights. A few old cars in the parking lot, but none looked familiar. Once inside, I checked to see if any of the gang had been dropped off. At home, I’d figured out when I wore socks or sneakers, my feet were unable to get any X-ray vision. It made driving a whole lot easier.
Running my fingers along the wooden walls, I searched the eating and pool table area, even the ‘Cowpokes’ restroom. I lifted my hand as I passed the ‘Cowgals’. There were certain things in life a guy didn’t need to see. Nobody was here yet.
Funny, I’ve been here a million times but everything seems like I’m seeing it for the first time. Way clearer. Maybe my focus is notched just a little tighter.
Whoever decorated PHP must’ve made some taxidermist rich. Stuffed raccoons, beavers, ducks, fish, and deer heads plastered the walls over the pool tables, bar, and video games. A huge black moose loomed over the dart board, a couple of stray darts stuck to him. The one by its nose was mine.
Aside from never wanting to be here on your own with all those beady eyes watching your every move, the place had an awesome atmosphere. It only added to the awesome food they served. Huge burgers which tasted like proper outdoor barbequed, fresh cut French fries with the skin still on, and sandwiches crammed with half a chicken. Everything was greasy and salty. It was impossible to order the wrong thing from the menu. My mouth watered from thoughts of the menu and smells coming from the kitchen. I glanced around and checked the door. They’d better be here soon, I’m starving.
The place was dead for a Sunday night. A couple of people eating and four college guys, summer strays as we called them, must’ve come up to Elliot Lake for the last weekend before school. Completely wasted, they were trying to play pool, in between cat-calling the waitress. Poor Abigail. One of them, tall with shaggy blond hair, tried to swat her ass, but she sidestepped and strolled back to the bar rolling her eyes.
I’d settled into a booth near the far side, facing the front doors. Sort of watching the entrance, interested in the hall more than anything else. The stuffed animals on the walls kept watching my every move. Or maybe watching the door as well.
“Dude!” Seth’s booming voice made everyone turn. He smiled, but then grimaced when he passed the kitchen and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Kieran strolled right behind him, dressed in dark clothes and hands in his back pockets. He surveyed the room with a bored look, shaking his head at the animals hanging on the walls.
Seth dropped into the booth. “Abi! Can we get a pitcher of Ginger ale over here?”
“Ginger ale? What are you, ninety?” I laughed. “You getting anything to eat?”
“Nah, the kitchen’s got a funky odour coming out of it.” He rubbed his nose, as if trying to block the smell.
“I never noticed.” Kieran pulled a stool to the booth and sat down.
“Me neither. I’m starving.” I grabbed the menu, already knowing what I’d order.
Abigail dropped the jug and glasses off and stood behind Kieran. “D’you guys want anything?” Her tray rested against her hip.
Loud laughter from the college boys muffled my stomach’s loud grumble.
Zoe, Heidi, and Rylee slipped around Abigail and scooted into the booth. Zoe sat beside me, the other two by Seth.
Zoe grinned and whispered, “I bet Brent orders the mega-burger.” She rested her elbow on the table, hands covering her ears.
I stared at her, trying to keep my eyes from wandering over her sun-kissed skin and down her short white skirt. If I touched her skirt, would I be able to see through it? Shaking my head, I took a deep breath and forced my fingers to play with the napkin wrapped around the cutlery. “Maybe I’m not hungry.”
She gave a half-smile. “Liar. I heard your stomach growl.” Her cheeks turned a shade of red that matched her low-cut tank top.
How’d she hear it? “Fine, you win.” I turned to Abigail, my gaze roaming once more over Zoe’s perky boobs before moving on to Abigail. A guy’s gotta look, right? “Can I get the mega with a side of onions rings?”
Abigail blew her bangs, looking tired. “Anyone else?”
Kieran ordered the mega too, and the girls got the nacho tray.
“Seth?” Rylee said. “Anything? Or everything on the menu?”
He inhaled and turned three shades of green. “Nah, I’m good. Wait. Maybe another ginger ale? With a spoon for the bubbles.” He rested his chin on his hand, his fingers covering his mouth and nose.
“If you got the flu and gonna puke…” Heidi scooted away from him and closer to Rylee.
“I’m fine… I think.” Seth spoke from behind his hand. “Everything just smells totally strong. Some of it’s nice, but some of it…” He gagged and shuddered as he swallowed. “I think the mine poisoned my gut.”
Heidi and Rylee jumped out of the booth. Heidi slid beside Zoe, who moved closer to me. Rylee grabbed a stool and sat beside Kieran.
Seth smirked and sat up, not sick or poisoned at all. “I’m fine now.” He stretched a leg out on the bench and grinned.
“Bugger,” Rylee said. “You just wanted the seat to yourself. I should’ve seen that coming.”
“Bugger?” Zoe asked. “Where’d that come from?”
Rylee shrugged. “Someone said it on Corrie Street or Queer as Folk or some other BBC show I watched online. It’s a cool word.”
Kieran laughed and crossed his arms over his chest. He winked at the girls sitting by me. “Never had someone try an’ impress me that’a way. Thar’s a first.” His accent made his r’s roll. Great, more things to make the girls ogle over him.
Heidi coughed, looked at Zoe, and then me. “What’s going on? With all of us?”
Suddenly my skill went from being cool to dropping a stone in the pit of my stomach. It’s wrong? Wait. Do they have it too?
Abigail’s arrival with our food stopped me from replying. Taking forever, she finally set everything down and walked toward the pool tables.
I stared at my tower of onion rings, thinking about how to ask my buddies without sounding out of my mind. I grabbed the top ring and popped it into my mouth. The frown on Zoe’s face stopped me from reaching for another. “What’s up?”
She nodded to the college guys. “They’re saying things. Pretty disgusting stuff about Abi. I hope Max kicks them out. They’re gross.”
“You mean Skinny, Dipshit, and Bleach-head?” Seth jabbed his thumb and smiled, looking all proud of thinking up the nicknames.
I cocked my head. All I heard was loud laughter. “How can you hear them?”
Zoe stared at her nachos. All of us grew quiet – a weird, almost knowing silence. She whispered, “I can hear everything.”
“Git out,” Kieran said.
“There’s a guy talking outside on his cell. He’s about to come in.”
We all turned to the entrance and watched some guy walk in with a phone stuck to his ear. I turned to Zoe. She covered her ears, as if trying to drown out the noise.
“Your ears are wacked! My hands and feet—”
“These nachos taste like a dirty ashtray.” Heidi cut me off. She pushed her plate away, her face four shades of green.
Seth leaned forward, oblivious to what had just happened. He sniffed. “They stink a bit like smoke, but better than the lard stench coming out of the kitchen.” He tried a nacho, then slid the plate in front of him. “If you’re not gonna eat…”
“Time out, time out, guys.” I made a capital “T” with my hands. Kieran eyes jotted over each of us. He’s thinking what I’m thinking. My head ticked like the second hand on a clock at each of my friends. Seth complaining stuff smells bad, Zoe can hear a pin drop, Heidi’s taste is off and…
My stomach tightened, and breathing became a challenge. “All of you been weird since last night?” I scratched my jaw as each of them nodded. All, but Kieran. “Rylee, what’s your deal? Is it your skin?”
She blinked. “No. My skin’s fine but my eyes are super focused. Remember last year when I had laser surgery? It was awesome ‘cause I could see everything without my glasses.” She blinked, her eyes shooting everywhere around the hall. “It felt like that again this morning. Except now I can see the trees with five thousand leaves, their veins and the bugs crawling on them.” She paused. “And watch the sap running through them. I swear I could see all of it.”
“So,” I said slowly. “You’ve got perfect vision? And Zoe’s got sensitive hearing, Heidi’s taste buds are off, and Seth’s nose stinks.” I thought I had sight, but it’s feel. My hands and feet… it’s based on my skin. My heart pounding, I continued, my words now tumbling out, “I woke with some wicked feeling-thing in my hands. I touched a wall and could see through it. Same thing with the floor, like some kinda X-ray vision.” I turned to the Scotsman. “What about you?”
Kieran chuckled. “Yer serious, aren’t you?” He pretended to sniff, cupped an ear with his hand, and then licked ketchup off a French fry. He shook his head as he ran a finger across the table, and then rubbed his eyes and blinked a bunch of times. “Nothin’. Had a bad headache, but tha’ was it. But no super-power.” He leaned forward. “Yer pullin’ me leg, right?”
“No joke. I can see through walls.” “I can’t stop hearing everything.” Zoe and I spoke at the same time.
“Our senses are all screwed up,” Zoe whispered. She spoke, tapping a finger with each word, “Smell, sight, taste, touch and hearing.” Her eyes grew huge. “M-My dad’s doing some blood work to check for radium and whatever other shit’s running through me.”
I put my arm around her shoulders and gave a squeeze. Her skin felt amazingly soft, but cool as if it needed my arm there. “Something weird happened after the lightning.”
Heidi looked ready to cry. “It doesn’t make sense. If there was radioactivity in that room last night, our skin should be falling off our bones.”
“But it isn’t.” What had happened in the mine?
“Do you remember the weird smell last night?” Heidi asked.
“Yeah, can’t get it out of my nostrils at the moment.” Seth wiped his nose with the sleeve of his shirt.
“It was from the lightning. It’s actually ozone.”
Heidi’s school book reading kicking in.
“Lightning splits water molecules in the air and three molecules of oxygen bond to form ozone during a lightning storm.”
“Where’d the heck you learn tha’?” Kieran, the only one eating, held his burger halfway to his mouth.
 Heidi shrugged. “Earth Science. Chemistry.”
“Okay.” Kieran didn’t sound too sure.
“Heidi’s got a photographic memory,” Zoe explained.
“No shite?”
We all nodded. It’d been like this since second grade.
“Something happened to us while we were in that room,” Heidi insisted.
This is wrong, in so many ways. “Maybe from the lightning, or the uranium mine,” I said.
“I bet it was from when we were blue,” Rylee added.
“Then why didn’t he,” Seth said, pointing at Kieran, “not get affected? Why just us?”
Kieran leaned forward and set his burger down. “Maybe you guys have some defunked gene from living in Elliot crap-hole.” He held up a hand. “Sorry, mates. ‘Didn’t mean that like it sounded.” He bit into a French fry and chewed. “Maybe something’s in the water or the soil you guys absorbed. Remember, I just got here.”
“You might be right,” I said. “The five of us had been friends since first grade. Maybe there’s something in the soil and then when the storm hit – or we got hit in the mine – it messed everything up.” I shook my head, totally confused. “Can this really be happening?”
Seth straightened. “Five senses and there’s five of us. And dude,” he said, looking at me, “it’s totally happening.”
Everyone sat silent and barely moving. Except Kieran, who kept on eating his burger and fries.
Zoe let out a long sigh. “So, what do we do? Should we tell someone? Maybe my dad?”
“Heck no!” Seth pounded the table with his fist. “Think of all the crap we’re gonna get away with this year at school. Getting straight A’s, some serious pranks, there’s so much shit. We’re not screwed or dying, we just got hit with some awesome super-ability.” He stared at each one of us. “So we gotta keep this our little secret.”
“Little?” Heidi asked.
Seth shrugged. “Fine. Our big-ass secret. I say we don’t tell anyone.” He turned to Kieran. “Can you to that?”
Kieran raised his hands in mock surrender. “Don’t worry ‘bout me. I’m not tellin’ a soul. I want ta see what you kin do with yer new bits.”
“I think we should tell my dad.” Zoe took a sip of her Coke. “I mean, what if something’s wrong? He’s already doing my blood work. I could tell him about my hearing.” She chewed her lip.
Heidi spoke, “What if we get cancer or some growth or worse…”
“Like what?” Rylee said. “We wake up dead one morning?”
Everyone laughed. Gotta deal with the nervousness somehow.
“We tell your dad if we have to,” Seth said. “If he says something about the blood results, we go from there,”
“Or we get sick,” Heidi said, not sounding convinced.
“Sounds good to me,” Seth said. “I don’t want to be smellin’ crap all the time.” He sniffed. “Actually, I think it’s getting better. When we were all scared, I could smell somethin’ weird. Now it’s changed – a bit sweeter.” He scratched his head.
“Maybe you can smell fear and joy and all that shite.” Kieran reached over and grabbed the pitcher. He shook the empty jug and glanced behind him. “Where’s our waitress?”
I looked around. The college guys were gone, and Abigail probably went out to have a smoke break.
A sharp intake of breath beside me made the hair on the back of my neck spring up. Zoe grabbed my arm with a vice-like grip.
Don’t be hurt. “What’s wrong?” I asked.
Color drained from her face and her lips trembled. One shaky finger tugged at her earlobe. “Abi’s in trouble.”





Chapter 7
Zoe

Get away. Leave me alone! Abi’s cries rang inside my ears.
Grab her. Shut her up, dammit. A male voice hissed. One of the college kids playing pool! Earlier Seth had referred to him as Dipshit.
My heart hammered against my chest. As my skin froze, I didn’t think I could move if I tried. My brain had to process the thought of speaking. I wished I could turn my ears off to stop the sounds from another room in PHP.
“Ow! That’s some grip.” Brent shifted slightly away, and I realized I had his arm crushed between my fingers. I managed to release my grip -- only to bring my hands to cover my mouth in horror.
“What’s wrong, Zoe?” Brent’s voice bellowed against my eardrum.
“You don’t have to shout.” I frowned, trying to focus on what was going on around me. The far-off voices kept pulling me back.
Brent leaned back, surprised. “I didn’t. I whispered.”
Pressing my palms hard against the table, I shot up. I could barely choke out the words. “A-Abi’s h-hurt… but they’re p-planning something worse.”
“Who are?” Kieran touched my shoulder. His hand warm on my frozen skin. “Where?”
“I can hear them.”
“Who?” Kieran repeated, more urgently this time.
I chewed my lip, paranoid they might be able to hear me. “Those college guys,” I whispered.
Seth slid out of the booth, faster than I thought possible. I watched, dazed. He sniffed the air around him. “Those bastards.” He punched a fist into his other hand. “I can smell their stinkin’ lust. It reeks.”
Rylee stood. “You can hear them, and they’re not even in the room? And Seth can smell them?” She squinted and stared across the room. “They’re not here. Only empty beer bottles where they were playing pool.
Brent started pushing Heidi and me out of the booth. “We’ve got to help her.”
“Why?” Rylee said. “How about the girls stay here and call the cops. You boys go be heroes.”
“Uh-uh. All of us, together.” Kieran said firmly, then looked at me. “D’you got your cell? Call the cops while we’re looking for them.” He grabbed a pool queue and broke it in half across his knee.
I stared at him in surprise.
Me first.
No way! I’ll break her in.
No way, dude. You made her ugly, so you go last.
Fuck off!
I hunched over and covered my ears, wishing I could block the college jerks talking and laughing over Abi’s whimpering. Being forced to listen to something so purely evil shook me to the core.
Shut up, asshole! You’re too wasted to get it up. This bitch is mine.
I cringed at the sound of a zipper, followed the sickening noise of clothes ripping.
Ow! Bitch just bit me!
Flip her over. That way she can’t bite or kick.
Enough! We had to stop this. If it were me… I couldn’t finish the thought. I grabbed the closest hand and started pulling. “We’ve got to find Abi. They’re gonna rape her. She’s somewhere inside here.”
“Let’s go.” Kieran pulled me behind him. It was his hand I’d grabbed. He stepped back to let Brent lead the way. Heidi pulled her phone out and began dialing nine-one-one.
Terrified about what we were going to find, but horrified about what would happen if we did nothing, I followed beside Kieran still holding his hand. They’re just college guys… who will probably kick our asses. But at least then Abi would be safe.
Brent began touching walls, pausing a mere moment at each room.
When he stumbled, Rylee hissed, “Geez, Brent. Tie your shoelace. You’re not four.”
Just like Rylee to think about anything but what’s really going on.
Brent ignored her and with his hand, motioned me to stand beside him. I left the warmth of Kieran’s hand and slipped ahead. Seth moved in behind me.
“Are their voices getting louder?” He spoke barely above a whisper, but I could hear him clearly.
I cocked my head and closed my eyes. Their voices were crystal clear, but I couldn’t tell if we were any closer. “I don’t know.” My eyes welled so I blinked rapidly. Useless! I can hear them, but can’t find them? I wished we were anywhere but here. “Can you see anything, Rylee? Or Seth, is their smell any stronger?”
Seth grunted. “I smell them, alright, but it ain’t helping none.”
Rylee shook her head. “I can’t see though walls.”
Brent continued walking and tripped on his untied lace again. His hands flew out to catch himself. He shot up faster than a jackrabbit. His voice shook as he spoke, “They’re below us. We’ve got to hurry!”
Kieran ran in front of us. He did a three-sixty then pointed the broken pool cue to a barely-noticeable handle on the wall. “There.”
“You sure?” Heidi shuttered to a stop.
Kieran shrugged, pressing forward and grabbing the handle. “No. Just a gut f-fe… a guess.” He pulled the handle, but nothing happened.
“I don’t know how I missed seeing it.” Rylee spoke quietly behind me. “Push, not pull.”
Kieran pushed. The door opened a crack and slammed back shut. He nodded at Seth and together they rammed their shoulders against it.
“Ow! Hey!” A guy wedged behind the open door shouted. “What the f--”
Kieran cut the guy’s words off with his fist. He slumped behind the door, his legs sprawled out.
The temperature began to drop as I led the girls behind Kieran, Brent, and Seth down the dark steps toward the light in the basement. Kegs of beer, cases of wine, and massive bags of potatoes lay stacked against the walls as we stepped further in.
Skinny, Dipstick, and Bleach-head’s voices screamed in my head. Soon they were loud enough the others could also hear them.
Don’t let go of her leg, idiot. I plan on having a taste of this sweet thing.
Shit! Did you hear something?
Runny scaredy-pants. Try the concrete step over there by the stacked kegs. Take one of them to the car while you’re at it. I’m going to show this girl what a real man feels like.
Brent and Seth leapt off the rest of the stairs.
Rounding a stack of beer kegs, we saw Abigail on the floor, her head away from us, and her skirt thrown over her back with her pale butt cheeks smudged with dirty handprints. She flailed and twisted, kicking one leg like an enraged donkey. Her other leg was trapped by Dipstick.
I couldn’t see Abigail’s face. Some spotty ass had his pants around his ankles. The boy who thinks he’s a damn man. Gasps from Heidi and Rylee whirled like tornadoes in my ears.
Kieran raised the pool cue and hammered the half-naked guy across the back of his head. He fell on the ground, not moving.
Brent went after Dipstick, who still held Abi’s leg. Seth knocked out the skinny guy running for the loading dock door. Brent didn’t have it so lucky. His opponent grabbed a bottle of wine and slammed it against a pillar. The red wine dripped onto the concrete like blood from a severed artery. He slashed the jagged edges in the air close by Brent’s face. Brent ducked and stepped back. The guy swaggered toward him, an ugly sneer on his face. He swung again and Brent bent forward, diving for the guy’s legs. The bottle went flying and crashed against a keg. As they tumbled to the ground, Seth grabbed Dipstick’s arms and pinned them behind his back. He thrashed around like an upside down bug.
“You smell like ass.” Seth pulled the guy’s arm tighter and turned his head away. He leaned toward the spilled bottle of wine, taking deep breaths.
Abigail scrambled away from the fighting bodies and broken glass. She pushed her skirt down and hid behind me and Rylee, sobbing with her head in her hands. “Thank-you, thank-you, thank-you,” she mumbled repeatedly between sobs and hiccups.
Heidi had her phone out, shouting at the police. We’re getting to be regulars with the emergency departments First the mine, now this. Jeez.
I turned around and put my arms around Abi. The tiny waitress stared up with eyes large and shocked. Her terrified, dirty, tear-streaked face burned an image into my mind. Never again. We can’t let this happen ever again. She fell against my shoulder, sobbing uncontrollably.
Kieran stepped over the unconscious guy and gave him a kick in the gut. He walked over to the group struggling on the floor. He jabbed the broken end of the pool cue against Dipstick’s neck. Bright red blood began running and staining his white shirt. The guy’s heart rate exploded into a rapid rhythm.
I held my breath. We all did.
Kieran hissed, his head close enough so only Dipstick could hear… and me. “Give up, or I’ll shove this up yer ass ’n pull it out the other end.” The tone and venom in Kieran’s voice scared the crap out of me. College dude went limp. Kieran straightened. “Funny ’ow things change when yer on the other end, eh?”
The bleach-blonde, his pants still around his ankles, moaned and pushed himself onto his knees. “What the hell? You freakin’ high school pricks think…” he paused to cough blood and something white flew out of his mouth. A tooth? “I’m gonna kill all of you and then piss—” Without a second thought, I grabbed an almost empty bag of potatoes and swung. The distinct thunk against his head and back felt gratifying. He fell face-first into the dirt floor, unconscious again.
I looked at Skinny. He sat huddled in the corner, hugging his knees, his eyes bloodshot and terrified.
“The guy by the door?” Seth called out.
Rylee turned around, and stared up the darkened stairs. “He must’ve taken off. I was watching him—”
“You can see in the dark?” Seth asked.
“Yeah. He was there a second ago when I checked, barely moving. I turned when Zoe slammed the guy with the diddlydee potatoes.”
About to ask her what the heck she meant, I saw the brand label on the bag. Diddlydee’s? Figures. A car door slamming and engine revving distracted my train of thought. I held my breath and focused on my ears. The guy from behind the door. His car pulled out and my ears had no trouble catching the sound of squealing tires. “He’s gone.” Sirens. The police are coming.” I shivered, either from the dampness of the basement or the horrific scene around me. I didn’t know which.


“What did you say happened, um…” The policeman flipped back a page in his little notebook. “Kieran?”
Kieran shifted and shoved his hands into his jean pockets. “Those college guys were drunk when we got ‘ere. The waitress seemed uncomfortable and… and when Heidi didna see her and those losers disappeared, we got paranoid an’ decided ta check if everything was all right.”
Brent stepped forward. “We saw the door to cellar open and heard Abi’s cries.” He shrugged. “We did what we had to do.”
“The door was open?” The policeman’s eyebrows shot up. “It’s got an automatic shut-release.”
Oh no. How’re we going to explain this? I heard every one of my friends’ heart rates speed up.
Seth laughed. “No shit?” He coughed. “Sorry. I just meant those dudes must’ve broke it.”
The policeman crossed his arms over his massive chest. “It’s just surprising you heard them and noticed everything going on. It’s very keen for… for—”
“For a bunch of high school kids?” Kieran finished. Nice one!
The policeman closed his pad, having the decency to look embarrassed. “If we need any more information, we’ll contact you.”
After the police left, Max set us up with on-the-house hot chocolates. He thanked us profusely for protecting Abi and his bar. We sat in the same booth again, sipping from our mugs.
“Could use a beer instead,” Seth muttered. He sat between Heidi and Rylee, swirling the dark liquid with a spoon.
“Me, too.” Kieran sat beside me, Brent on the other side.
“I can’t believe that just happened.” Rylee rubbed her eyes. “My folks are never gonna let me out of the house again.”
“Tonight was probably just a fluke. Nothing ever happens in this town. What are the chances?” Brent reached over and patted her hand.
“I don’t agree …” Seth spoke slowly, twirling the liquid in his mug. “I… I think we’ve an obligation here.” His face serious. “We’ve got these supernatural senses now. I think we need to do something. You know, like train and focus.” He grinned his typical Seth grin. “Own them.”
“Until they wear off,” Heidi said.
“Will they?” I asked. Part of me hoped it’d happen tonight. Another part, for some strange, crazy reason, didn’t want it to ever wear off.
“Yer jokin’, right?” Kieran looked around the table at all of us, his eyes finally settling on Seth. His eyebrows mashed together. I followed his gaze. “You wan’ ta do this again?”
“I’m serious.” Seth straightened, his knees bumping on the underside of the table. “No one knows we’ve got these skills. We could be… heroes.”
“You read too many comic books,” Brent said.
“We could train, and get outfits –”
“Costumes, you mean.” Rylee laughed.
“I’m not wearing spandex.” Heidi smiled for the first time this evening. “It’ll be bagging on me no matter what size.”
“I’m serious, guys. We --” Seth set his mouth in a tight line when Max walked over to our table.
“I’d like to thank you again.” Max’s eyes glistened. “Anytime you come in, the food’s on me. I can’t believe you got to her in time.” Max wiped his hands on his apron. “Of all nights I leave the bar for half an hour. I make it back just as the cops are pulling in.”
Nobody spoke. It seemed we couldn’t meet each other’s gazes. The silence began to get uncomfortable. I could hear all our bodies shifting and bumping into each other erratically. Somebody needed to say something.
“Th-Thanks, M-Max,” I stuttered. “We… we just saw Abi go down the hall and those guys following her. It didn’t seem right.” I hoped the excuse worked. I didn’t want special attention because of this. Abi’s shattered face flashed before my mind. Maybe Seth has a point. I definitely didn’t want that to happen to someone else.
“If you hadn’t been here…” Max heaved an enormous breath out. “I don’t know what would’ve happened. You saved the day.” He shook his head as he collected our mugs and returned to the bar.
Seth leaned forward. “See. We are heroes. Tomorrow we need to start training. Then every day after school.”
“How’re we going to train? We blindfold you and make you smell things? I do taste testing?” Heidi said.
“No. We gotta learn to focus and zone in on it. It’s bigger than just one sense for each of us. Wayyyy bigger.”
“Where will we train that nobody in this town is gonna ask what the heck we’re doing? It’s not like we can hide all us.” Rylee shrugged and shook her head.
“Back at the mine?” Seth asked.
“No!” I jerked at the volume of my own voice inside my head. “You couldn’t drag me back in there. I’m not going inside there ever again.”
“How ‘bout my place?” Brent said softly. “We’ve got a basketball court outside and the gymnasium inside. My folks’ll never care. Shoot, my dad only built the thing so he could have some charity fundraiser once a year. He’s got offices in the back but nobody but me and Nate go in the gym now.”
No one spoke. I heard everyone agree simply by their body language.
“It’s settled then,” Seth said. “Tomorrow afternoon, at two. Forget saving the day, we’re gonna save the world.”



Chapter 8

The radar sense of my hearing seemed to sharpen at night. It kept me waking constantly. One minute I’d bolt up, terrified by someone moaning and then gag when I realized it came from the neighbour’s wife with her husband. Ick! Disgusting! Several deep breaths to slow my racing heart couldn’t erase the image forming in my mind. Just when I managed to drift back to sleep, a car screeching, or a diesel truck flew by. Sirens, horns, animals, laughter, crying… all of it kept me from sleeping. Earplugs didn’t help; nothing did.
Screw saving people. After a night of no sleep, I was more interested in killing them for some peace and quiet. By lunch time I couldn’t wait to head to Brent’s -- anything to work off the crazy jitters and figure out a way to get my hearing to focus less. I sent Seth a text and offered to pick him up; silly to drive two cars when I went right by his place.
I pulled in Seth’s driveway and killed the ignition. Slamming the Volkswagen’s door, I grimaced at the rusty creaking of its hinges. As I turned to walk up the drive, a motorbike parked near the house made me pause. Whose is that? Seth’s dad definitely didn’t ride, but it wouldn’t surprise me if his mom had taken up a new hobby. I grinned. She struck me as one tough woman. If I ever had kids, I hoped to be just like her.
Seth stepped out of the two-story house and onto the covered porch. “Hey!” he hollered, or so it seemed to me. Resting his hands on the railing, he leaned over.
“Your mom buy a bike?” I asked, stopping at the bottom of the stairs.
A deep laugh erupted behind him. I tried to catch a glimpse of whoever sat on the cedar chair. It was impossible to see because of the brick pillar and Seth’s big, muscled body. The laugh made my stomach twist and flip. It echoed against my head making my body tingle and warm. Weird.
“Yer mum would ride a bike?” Kieran laughed again. He appeared at the top of the steps wearing a white tee shirt and a pair of shorts with a Scottish logo near the bottom. He stood two steps above me so the Rangers Football Club emblem hit me eye level.
“Probably,” Seth scoffed, “after she sees yours. Wanna know where she is today?” He rolled his eyes at me. “Bungee jumping! What forty-five-year-old woman does that?” He tried to sound embarrassed, but the right side of his mouth turned up and he pretended to stare off at nothing to show indifference.
I knew him too well, he loved him mom and her sense of adventure. “What’d your dad say?”
“He’s videotaping it!”
As Seth rambled on and walked past us toward the car, Kieran winked at me.
I smiled back. He totally gets it.
“My car’s a bit of an antique.” I pointed to the Bug, like I should apologize for her. The yellow paint and rust blended in so well together now, you couldn’t tell where one ended and the other began. It looked like a tree in autumn, and I still loved it.
“Yer parents buy it fer you?” He strolled beside me, his knuckles brushed against my hand as our arms swung with walking.
“Nope.” Momentarily distracted by his touch, I stuttered, “I-I bought it with money saved from a paper route I’d had since I was, like, ten. After passing my driver’s license test, my dad took me to this old farm out of the city and I paid cash for her.” I patted the hood, unable to hide the pride in my voice or stop myself from babbling. “I know it’s kinda old.”
“It’s eclectic,” he said.
My heart swelled. Cute and a sense of humour. I realized I was staring when Kieran’s heart shifted its rhythm. “So… anything going on with you? You know… with the sensation-thing?”
He shook his head. “Nothing, but it’s okay. I’m here ta watch, and cheer you on. I’m yer biggest fan.” He rubbed his shoulder against mine. “I’ll be your guys’ groupie.”
“You comin’ or what?” Seth stood behind the open passenger door, one leg already inside the car. “I call shotgun.”
Kieran crawled into the back behind the driver’s seat. I hopped in and started the engine. I shoved the stick shift into reverse and popped the clutch. Our eyes met in the rearview mirror as I backed out the driveway. He was smoking-hot. I loved his slightly messy dark hair that my fingers begged to let me run themselves through it. Thin and soft, but any girl knew there had to be power behind them.
I made a mental effort to focus back on the road, wondering if Kieran or Seth could hear my thoughts. They seemed to shout so blatantly inside my mind. Crap, I probably had a neon sign above my head: “I’m hot for the Scot.”
“Brent’s place is perfect,” Seth said, interrupting my thoughts. He threw his arm over my seat and turned back to look at Kieran. “His folks are loaded. His granddad left a crap-load of money to his dad. Actually, I think he left a crazy amount to Brent and his brother, Nate, as well. Anyway, his dad’s some kind of genius and invested the money to make a shit-load more. I think they use hundred dollar bills to line their coffee filter every morning.”
Kieran laughed. “I’ll check the toilet paper roll while I’m there, as well.”
Appalled to hear Seth talk like that about Brent, I threw him a dirty look and thrust my hand out and thumped him across the chest. “He’s your best bud, and you dis him?”
“Hey!” Seth blocked his upper body with his arms, expecting me to hit him again. “I was braggin’. Brent’s totally cool. He doesn’t act like big money.” He turned again to Kieran. “I can’t say it doesn’t suck being his buddy, though. Dude’s always footin’ the bill, always got my back. The only other thing he spends money on is his guitar collection.”
I glanced at the rearview after turning into Brent’s long driveway. “He’s an awesome guitar player. He’s played at PHP a couple times.”
“Cool.” Kieran turned his head to the window and whistled. “Nice pad.”
The huge red brick house sat on too many acres to count. It was one of those monstrous old estates Brent’s dad had moved from somewhere near Niagara Falls and brought here. The entire thing had been redone, with an awesome white porch you wished you had, except it would never fit on your own house.
Whenever I stepped inside, I couldn’t believe the massive size of each room, with twenty-foot ceilings, walnut floors, and working fireplaces in, like, every room. Brent’s mom liked antique stuff so she’d filled the house with old and new. It looked pretty cool, but I doubt Brent and his brother ever got to run or play inside.
“His mom’s a fashion designer,” I told Kieran. “She wants Brent to have our grad party here. He only agreed, if it’s in the gym. He’s,” I shot Seth a warning glare, “not into showing off, but would do anything for his mom.” Brent was a really sweet guy, and always had my back. So I returned the favour.
“Wait till you see this billion dollar gym. It’s freakin’ aw—”
I nailed Seth again in the chest, harder this time.
“Okay!” He held his hands up in surrender. “Just make this Bug crawl a bit faster and pull around back.”
I drove to the end of the drive and parked the car in the lot at the side of the gym. This place is totally brag-worthy. Massive, with an NBA-sized basketball court, a weight room that made any gym seem cheap, ten-person sauna, and probably more I’d never noticed. It put the only school in town’s gymnasium to shame.
Brent stood outside with his back against the brick. When I stopped, he strolled over and put his hand on the Bug. His fingers were spread wide, his brows scrunched together in concentration. He’d touch the car, pull his hand away, and then touch it again – from one end of my little car to the other.
“Sheesh, Zoe.” He chuckled. “You got trash in your front trunk, crap under the driver’s seat, and I think there’s a mouldy sandwich.”
Seth laughed. “What, feel-boy? You can’t see it clear enough? I can sure smell it.”
Brent kept a straight face. “Things so mouldy I can’t tell if it’s food or if it’s your mother’s underwear from last time I took her out for a drive.”
Kieran and I died laughing. “That… is disgusting!” I choked out.
Seth swung his door open and set his long legs on the pavement. He stood and stretched, inhaling deeply. “Smells like money,” he mumbled. I heard him clear as day. He pointed to Brent. “I’m gonna let that one slide only ‘cause I know I’ll kick your ass when we get inside.” He grinned and crossed his arms over his chest.
I jumped out and swung my worn seat against the wheel, grabbing it just before it hit the horn. For a little old car, my horn blasted like a semi-truck’s. Not so good for the elephant-ear girl.
Kieran brushed against me as he squeezed by. “Ta.”
I fought to control myself. One word and I’m mush?
“T-The girls here yet?” I asked Brent, trying to distract myself.
He tipped his head back. “Yeah, they’re playing around in the gym. Rylee’s built some wicked obstacle course. She got all excited when she found the storage room with the gymnastic equipment.”
“Awesome!” Seth slammed his door. “What have they all done?”
“They kicked me out.” Brent shrugged. “Said they wanted to surprise us.”
“Did you peek?” I lightly tapped his wrist with my finger.
Brent pretended to stare up at the sky. I tapped harder.
“Maybe a couple of times.” He laughed.
“Come on, aren’t you loving the skills?”
“Yeah!” Seth bellowed. “This is going to be amazing!”
“I don’t get how doing exercise is going to change things?” Kieran asked.
“It’s not the working out.” Seth flexed. “But it does help with attracting the ladies.” He relaxed his stance when he caught my glare. “Watch us on the stuff and see what happens. Let’s go! No time like the present to change the world.” He ran over to the door, disappearing behind it.
We followed, but at a slightly less neck-breaking speed.
“Any changes, Kieran?” Brent asked.
“I wish.” Kieran sighed. “It’s daft, but I got nothing.”
I loved the bounce of Kieran’s words as he spoke. Imagine having his voice on the radio. I’d listen to it all night long. Shame I had to listen to annoying humming sounds from inside the building and every bird and animal within a five mile radius along with Kieran’s accent. Nearly walking into the door, I caught myself just in time. Nobody notice, please. Inside, I blinked, my eyes adjusting to the gym. My ears picked up strange building noises immediately. The purr of the fans, the whirring of the electrical power to the lights, an air conditioner… everything I’d heard outside, only louder now.
Rylee came running over to hug each of us. “I got a little carried away.” She pointed behind her. “If Brent’s dad doesn’t care, we could keep this up for a while and practice our skills here.”
Brent shrugged. “Not a problem.”
“How long’ve you been here?” I asked. She’d hung climbing ropes, built an obstacle course, gymnast spring mats at one side, a punching bag, and some other hitting bag beside it. Rylee pushed a red button on a remote in her hand and the Rocky soundtrack started blaring out of the speakers. I jerked in surprise.
“Too loud?” she mouthed and hit the volume button down a tiny bit. “Better?”
“Sorta.” I walked toward the wall console and manually turned it down a few more notches. Rylee went over to Seth and began talking excitedly, pointing at all the equipment. In one corner, Rylee had erected a twenty-foot pole diagonally into the air with stacked blocks and a ladder. Not lookin’ too stable. I stared, wondering what the heck she planned on having us do with it. Heidi sat stretching on the blue mats.
Seth clapped his hands loudly together. “It’s time to turn ourselves into superheroes.”
We all laughed, Kieran loudest of all. “What’s yer plan?”
Seth’s face remained serious. “We’ve got these super senses. They’re going to make our physical attributes stronger, as well.”
Heidi patted him on the back, and teased, “Wow! Three syllables. I think that’s the biggest word you’ve ever used.”
Seth beamed as he elbowed Heidi. She had to jump out of the way or fall over. “See, it’s working already. I’m getting smarter as we speak.”
Brent and I looked at each other and rolled our eyes.
“I saw that,” Seth said, but I could hear there was no anger in his voice.
“How d’you figure? That yer senses are going ta make you stronger?” Kieran leaned against a wall, his arms tucked snugly against his chest.
“Let me show you.” Seth stepped forward and grabbed one of the long, thick ropes hanging from the ceiling.
Heidi wrinkled her nose and coughed. “Not to be the kid with the photographic memory,” she said, “but these super senses might interfere with physical prowess because of the endocrine system’s reaction to the heightened stimuli. Like a disproportionate overload, and,” her eyes flitted over each of us, “Oh, never mind.”
We all stared, open-mouthed.
“I’m just guessing.” She grinned, probably because she’d grown used to our confused faces. “So, where do we start?”
“Everywhere… Anywhere,” Seth replied. “Pick a station and start.” He pointed to his right. “Try the rock climbing wall and see how easy it’ll be for you now. Or have a go at the punching bag… whatever.” One hand still on the rope, he reached above it with his other hand and began climbing. In a flash he reached the top, grinned down at us, and swung his body to move the rope back and forth. In reach of the adjacent rope, he grabbed it with a free hand. What the –? How’d he do that so fast? He slid down the two, one hand on each side, his feet set so the ropes slid around his ankles. When he dropped to the ground, he laughed. “See? Easy as pie.”
“I don’t believe you.” I walked over and grabbed his wrists. “You’ve got to have blisters and rope burn from sliding like that.” Flipping his hands over so the palms were up, I stared in amazement. Nothing. No burn, or redness, nothing.
He held a rope out to me. “Try it.”
“I can’t climb up there. I can’t even do a chin-up.” I grabbed his hand and looked at it again. “Your hands are probably used to this so it didn’t hurt them.”
“They’ll start hurting, but it takes longer than normal. I’ve been doing some stuff at the park since the night at the mine. The crazy-strong smell thing stinks, but the stuff that comes with it… you gotta try it to believe it.” Seth started up the rope again. He had tanks for biceps, but it looked like an invisible line pulled him up.
Super-strong boy can kiss my butt. Still curious, I walked over to the boxing bag. I rubbed the back of my neck, not sure how to hit the thing. This is stupid. Seth probably planned some stupid joke.
Ticked, my fingers curled and sucked my breath in. I could hear the others trying their stations. Rylee talking under her breath and wondering if Kieran had his eyes on her. Heidi talking quietly to Brent about this idea being a shot in the dark.
Seth’s face. My fist shot out and hit the bag, pretending to punch him. It squeaked back and forth in protest. I punched it again and tried doing that thing Rocky does in his movies. Hit, hit, hititty hit. Shocked, I managed to hit it dead center every time. Take that, Mr. Balboa.
As it swung on its little lever, a sound resonated against my ears. My head tilted to the side and I squinted.
A noise so unique it changed the way I heard things – the way I processed sound – forever.
My fist continued striking the bag as fast as it could, but the bag itself moved in slow motion. Or so it seemed. Exhaling the breath I didn’t know I’d been holding, I tried alternating both hands and let it rip. I never missed. Totally awesome.
My knuckles felt as if they were starting to split but I wanted to keep going. When my arms began to weigh a hundred pounds each but the muscles had turn to Jell-O, I knew I needed a break. Jell-O now, tomorrow they’re going to be lead. I let them drop to my sides.
“Guys, are you getting the same reaction I’m getting?” Brent called out. “It’s weird and totally amazing.”
“I-I think so,” I said and moved to a station where Rylee had made some laser-thing with ropes. Each rope had a million little bells that probably sounded like sweet music to everyone’s ears but more like the bells of Notre Dame Cathedral while standing under the bell to me.
Heidi came over. “You need to figure out how to get through without touching the ropes and setting the chimes off.” She lightly tapped the rope closest to her, barely making it move.
Dull sounds of the metal resounded off the gentle shake of the ropes as they hung. Just figure a way to manoeuvre a way through. That’s all. I bent and lifted a leg to squeeze through the first two ropes closest to me. Over, under and keep my balance. No matter if I stand on one foot, a tippy-toe, or whatever -- focus on your center. Over, under, balance. Over… under… balance. “This one’s kinda fun,” I said and turned to Heidi to see if she wanted to try. I blinked in surprise. “How’d I get so far?”
Heidi grinned. “I was just about to ask you the same thing.”
Easy as pie. Strange for someone whose only physical activity consisted of gym class and walking. I slipped through the last section, amazed the simple tension of the ropes made the little bells move in such a way it gave me a different line of vision. “Give it a try.”
Heidi took a deep breath and swallowed. She made it through the first two, and ever so slightly rubbed her shoulder against the next rope. Barely a touch, but the bells went off like a crazy house.
Covering my ears, I swung around. Waiting for the noise to turn manageable, I watched Rylee at the punching bag, Brent climbing some boxes, and Seth scratching his head. Each of them were grasping the same things I’d just realized. Everyone, but Kieran. He stood observing us, his mouth hung open.
“Hey! Watch this,” Brent shouted. He’d climbed up the boxes and then the wonky ladder by the pole Rylee had set up. After touching the pole with both hands a couple of times, he then stepped on the metal and suddenly slid all the way down – like he was surfing. He jumped off at the end and fist pumped. “Freakin’ amazing! Holy crap!”
If he can do it...While everyone hooted and ran over to ask him questions, I tightened my ponytail and crawled onto the boxes. On the rickety ladder my palms grew damp and I could feel sweat start along my hairline. Noise from all around bounced inside my head. Maybe this is a little too crazy. I paused near the final rung, unsure. The pole seemed pretty narrow, and it looked so shiny – almost slippery.
“Go for it,” Kieran murmured quietly.
I glanced down at him. He smiled and mouthed, “You can do it.” He must have realized I’d hear it.
Determined, I set my right foot onto the slim pole, leaning against the wall, unable to move. I wiped my hands against the side of my pants. I couldn’t hear anything coming from the pole. No noise like I had heard from all the other equipment I’d tried. Lips pressed tight, I tried to think of something that might help. I stared down at my hands, my thumb playing with my high school ring on my right hand’s ring finger. An idea popped into my head.
Bending down I clapped the pole with my hands, letting my ring clang against the metal. Metal on metal. The pole vibrated and a shudder ran down its length. No one even noticed. No one, but me.
The vibration created a rhythm, and as I stared in disbelief, I could see the slight movement created a larger surface as it shook. Bigger equals better balance. Perfect – I hope. I hit it again, and jumped on before I lost my courage.
The rush was over before I wanted it to end, like being on a longboard going down a steep stairwell banister – No, wayyy better. Realistically, the narrow pole was more like taut tightrope, but as I slid, it seemed more like the width of a sidewalk. It had been… easy. Too easy.
Comprehending what I’d accomplished, I stomped my feet and screamed, “Ewww!!”
The gang raced over laughing and cheering.
Not caring what anyone thought, I started dancing and singing. “I skated the po-ole. I’m on the edge of super, hanging on a skinny pole. I’m on the edge of hero. I’m on the edge—”
“Oh no,” Rylee joked, covering her ears. “The happy dance is fine, but can you do it without the tone deaf Lady Gaga remix?”
Brent laughed and hopped beside me, bumping my hip as he joined in on the dance. “You’d think with her awesome hearing, she’d be able to carry a tune.” He winked at me. “Wanna do it again – at the same time? Race the pole?” He motioned to Kieran when I nodded. “Let’s make another pole. Zoe and I want to race.”
Kieran clapped his hands and walked over. “Pole skating, eh? You guys made it look effortless.” His gaze lingered a millisecond on me, making my heart flip-flop. “Let’s make it more challenging.”
“Whatever you say, coach.” Rylee threw her hair back and laughed. “What do you have in mind?”
“Coach?” Kieran grinned. “I like it.” He leaned forward. “How ’bout we try the water tower?”


THE END
~ to be continued ~
What’s going to happen at the water tower?


Find out in:
Radium Halos Part 2
(Excerpt Chapter from Part 2 included in this book!)
Available February 28, 2014




Radium Halos Part 2
Excerpt
Radium Halos 2
~
Chapter 1
Zoe

“The water tower?” Brent scratched at the shadow of stubble on his chin. “How we going to race—?”
“Without killing yourselves?” Heidi shook her head and crossed her arms over her chest. “Uh-uh. Dumb idea.”
“Wait a minute. It’s a great idea.” Seth began pacing with excitement. “The tower’s easy triple the height of this thing in here. The city’s repainting it right now so it’s got all that scaffolding up.”
Kieran pointed north in the direction of the old water tower. It stood more as tourist billboard off the highway than as an actual storage tank. It still carried rain water but who knew if farmers or anyone actually used it. “I drove by yesterday and noticed some slanted trough bits set up.” He shrugged. “Maybe they plan to drain it or something. Thought it be perfect to race down.”
Heidi sighed. “I don’t–”
“I’m game.” I cut Heidi off before her reasoning would convince me to change my mind. I wanted—no needed—something more challenging. To beat Brent or impress Kieran?
Seth grabbed his sweatshirt and shoved it on over his head. “Let’s go. We can discuss it on the way.”
Dusk turned dark by the time we got there and walked around the tower. At least the air was warm. The engines from the cars zooming by on the nearby highway buzzed by my ears like mosquitoes. Even with the sound barrier bricks, the noise penetrated through.
Seth tossed a pebble into the nearby trees. “It might be hard to see but it means we won’t get caught. The lights from the highway are giving decent a glow but the scaffoldings on the other side.”
“It’s too dark and too stupid to even consider this.” Heidi trailed a few feet behind us.
Rylee stopped walking and put her hands on her hips. “You stay on the ground then. Grow some kahuna’s and stop bein’ such a freakin’ wimp.”
My mouth fell open. “Rylee!” We were all nervous, but Rylee didn’t need to be a bitch.
Kieran moved to Heidi and slipped his arm around her shoulders. “Don’t worry, lass. You stay by me. They’ll be fine. Watch and see.” He pointed at all of us. “You all have the skills. Just believe. It’s easy for me to see watching you, but they’re there. I know it.”
Silent, we walked to the other side of the tower. The tall grass had become dry and crackled under our feet. Paranoid I kept staring at the ground, positive some slinking animal would come scurrying out. I knew I’d hear it before but it still gave me the heebie-jeebies. I think we were all paranoid someone would drive by or a cop would show up. No way was getting caught part of the plan.
The scaffolding went about half way up the ball and like Kieran had said earlier, there were two long tube-like structures emptying into large disposal bins.
Brent jogged over to one of the bins and spread his fingers on the side metal. “Garbage, paint chips, cans, and other junk. They probably use the tubes instead of taking stuff down the ladders.”
Seth stood under one of the troughs, jumped up and hung on. Using his large frame, he shook his weight to see if it would hold. “It’s strong enough.” He let go and dropped back down to the ground.
I chewed my lower lip and tried to calculate how high up the scaffolding stood. Six stories? Maybe seven? Eight? It looked pretty high. “Is it just Brent and I racing?”
Rylee climbed a few rungs of the scaffolding and hugged it tight when it lurched slightly from the wind. “How about you guys go first?” She quickly crawled back down. “Then maybe Seth and me.”
I inhaled a deep breath. Cars racing down the highway roared in my ears, the wind swirling through the trees and slapping against the tower distracted me, but I wanted to do this. Adrenaline rushed through my veins and wouldn’t leave till I pushed it. I reached for the cold metal and started climbing.
A minute later I glanced down to see my friends. I couldn’t tell if their eyes or opened mouths were bigger. “Brent! You coming… or you chicken?” I grinned. I had one up on him, on all of them if no one else did it. I heard Heidi whisper to Rylee.
“You do know I can totally hear you. And I am not going psycho,” I interrupted her. “For the record, I’m completely clear in the head.” I reached inside my back pocket and tossed them my phone. “Don’t drop it.” I started climbing again intentionally not looking down.
I heard Brent mumble “Ah shit,” under his breath and the ladder shifted and shook slightly from his weight. His increased heart rate and breathing echoed inside my ears. It didn’t take him long to catch up to me.
Five minutes later we reached the flat boards of the scaffolding. I crawled through the small gap and sat down; to catch my breath… and my courage. Brent slid beside me a moment later. I hugged my knees. He hung his legs over the edge and leaned into the lower railing. There were two railings and the boards under us were sturdy. It felt safe up here on the scaffold. The minute we stepped off would be another story.
He grinned. “You’re fearless now, aren’t you?”
I swallowed and rested my elbows on the railing. “Not at the moment.”
“We don’t have to do this.”
“Trying to make me look like the wimp?” I teased. “No way. I will race you in the dark, or at a park, down the pole, or in a hole. I will not lose this race, I will not lose, Brent-I-am.”
He shook his head and chuckled. “Sad. Very, very sad.”
I giggled but turned quiet as I stared at the night lights of Elliot Lake and listened to the massive sounds of the night. Cars driving, people partying, watching TV, someone crying, a distinctive I love you shouted and then followed by laughter. I sighed. It felt like I was eavesdropping on everyone.
He followed my gaze. “There’s something about being this high up…it’s…it’s…”
“I know what you mean.” Words couldn’t describe the incredible feeling.
The town shone with lights of the night in different colours and hues. Northern Lights seemed to be dancing along the edge of the sky. “I bet Rylee could see everything from up here.”
“It amazing from what I can see.” Brent cleared his throat as he looked away from me and across the county. “If her eyes are that much better, yeah, wow. As much as I want to leave here when I graduate, tonight makes me think this place ain’t so bad.”
I scanned the view and concentrated on the forest area not far from the water tower. “I plan on coming back when I’m done with university. It’s a great place. I could grow old here.”
“Like get married and have a fam—”
“Brent!” I grabbed his forearm and clenched it tight and pointed at the trees with my free hand. “Look! There towards the left.”
A weird dancing light flickered a moment, then disappeared. It happened again twenty seconds later.
“What is that?” Brent began tapping his fingers against the metal railing, the noise echoed inside my ear canal. “There it is again. It’s bigger. Wait. Now it’s not disappearing.”
A strange cracking mixed with a hissing kind of noise strained against my ear drums. I closed my eyes to focus and try to locate what the noise meant. My eyes popped open at the same moment Brent whispered, “Fire.”
I reached for my phone. “Crap! My phones down at ground level.”
“Mine too.”
“They can’t see it down there because of those huge garbage bins.” I tried inhaling a few deep breaths. It suddenly felt like my brain wanted to go dizzy.
Brent reacted the second before I came back to life. He pointed to the metal tube jutting out of the corner off to my right. “You go down that one. I’ll use the one by the ladder.” He rested his hand on my shoulder. “We’ll slide down on our stomachs, okay? Just hold tight like you’re going down a stair banister.” His fingers trailed down my arm. “Whatever you do, don’t let go.”
“I won’t.” I tried pushing the sudden erratic butterflies back down. “You don’t go and break anything.” My legs and arms moved with their own will towards my corner. “Brent?”
“Yeah?” He was crawling on his hands and knees but paused to look back at me.
“Let’s not tell our dads we did this.”
“Gotchya.” He chuckled. “Your dad’ll kill me before mine’s even finished yelling.” He began moving again.
I listened to Kieran, Seth, Heidi and Rylee talking below. They were arguing who should video it on their phones. They had no idea about the flames. I glanced again at the batch of trees. The flames were definitely getting bigger.
The wood boards shifted and shook slightly as all of Brent disappeared except for his hands.
I slipped my right leg through the lower railing and then my left. My hands clung tight to the railing above and I shuffled the last few inches to the trough. I squinted at it shape and crouched down. The trough was very smooth, probably about the width of my shoe.
“Screw going on my stomach,” I mumbled. I clung to the rail on the scaffold with one hand and set both feet onto the hollow metal tube. I leaned like a sprinter in the starting blocks. The pole shook from the wind and gave me the feeling of a wider base. The noise created little ricochets that my ears translated into something for my eyes. Eerie silvery light. Freaky but it let the butterflies stop trying to rip through my gut to break free.
“Brent,” I whispered. “Can you see?”
“A bit. Use your hearing, Zoe.” Brent swallowed. “Focus on yourself. Be careful.” From the corner of my eye I saw him start to slide.
I pushed against the scaffold as hard as I could. Feet set as if I was on a skateboard, I leaned forward as far as I could. It was impossible to see Brent now from my peripheral vision but he definitely wasn’t in front of me anymore.
He couldn’t be far behind. Our troughs were about twenty metres apart so I knew he was close, and he hadn’t fallen. Keeping my abs tight, I remembered some coach or gym teacher saying our core centre of balance lay an inch or two below our belly button. Keeping it tight seemed important to maintaining balance.
The wind whipped my hair behind me and roared against my ears, along with screams from below. My eyes watered but blinking a bunch of times helped. I focussed on staring at the trough ten meters ahead. I shifted slightly when I realized the silvery misty thing I saw against the beam had a rectangular shape in front of me.
I lost balance when I realized it was the huge Waste Management garbage bin. My arms automatically spread wide and I regained equilibrium. That’s when I saw Brent about two feet behind me and the gang jumping up and down with Seth and Rylee’s pointed at us and cheering.
“Jump!” Kieran shouted. To me, or Brent, or maybe both of us.
I did, about half a second before I’d have landed into the bin. In the air I tucked into a ball, ready to roll when I hit the grass.
My feet hit first and all ability to gracefully roll turned into me jarring and flopping around until I finally stopped with a mouthful of grass and dirt.
“Zoe won!” Rylee cheered.
I moaned and covered my face. “Freakin’ ‘eh!” No blood rushed from my nose and nothing appeared broken. However, my body had landed like a train wreck.
Brent. I popped my head up. He lay on his back just behind me. He leaned up on his elbows “Holy sh—”
“Th-The f-fire!” I huffed as I tried to catch the knocked out wind. I struggled to sit up.
Seth must not have heard me. He rushed over and knelt over Brent waving his phone. “I got it all on video. I can’t believe Zoe stood up and you went down it like a pansie. ”
I grimaced as I touched my elbow. A bad strawberry burn with blood oozing down my arm brought me back to reality. “We raced down ‘cause we saw a fire.” Using my fingers, I signalled Rylee to toss me my phone. “We gotta call nine-one-one again.”
“You’re jokin’!” Heidi opened her mouth and breathed in. She coughed like she’d just tasted a mouthful of smoke. Doubling over, she waved in the direction behind the bins. “Call the fire department. I mean your Dad!”
Seth sniffed and started running. He disappeared behind the large metal box. I heard him tapping the numbers on his phone. “Dad! There’s a fire not far from the water tower. No, it wasn’t us. We were just hanging out and saw it.”
Ignoring the pain radiating from my elbow, I pushed myself up and started chasing Seth.
“What’s he saying?” Heidi ran beside me.
“His dad wants to know if we saw how it started.” I continued listening to Seth who was still at least four hundred meters away. “Now he wants to know why we were climbing the tower. He’s giving Seth crap about the dangers and stuff.”
“How bad’s the fire?” Kieran shouted. He had already passed us and ran by Seth.
“I barely see it through the trees.” Rylee sprinted to catch up to the boys. “But there’s smoke in the air. A lot. It’s moving pretty fast.”
“I hear it. It’s louder now than from the scaffold.” Sirens started far off into the distance. Too far for my liking. I glanced behind and almost stumbled. “Where’s Brent?”
A sudden gust of wind blew in our direction, full of smoke and the smell of burning. The heat of the fire heading our way suddenly made everything too real. The fire was getting incredibly close.
“What?” Seth shouted as he stopped running. He bent over with his hands on his knees. Everything inside of him was pumping and pushing and begging for more oxygen.
“Brent’s not with us.” Panic pressed against my chest. Had he hurt himself before and not owned up to it? I went over what happened when we’d landed only moments ago.
“He’s…” Kieran glanced at Rylee who was frantically looking around. His head turned in the same direction as hers when she brought her hand to her mouth and her breath caught.
“What the heck?” She pointed to the water tower. “He’s up there.”
“Huh?” Seth straightened, plugged his nose and tried not to cough. “What’s he doing?”
I swung around and squinted. It was hard to see but the scraping of metal and sudden banging of hollow metal couldn’t be missed. One of the troughs shifted and wobbled back and forth. Just as I realized what Brent was doing, Kieran started tearing back to the water tower.
“He’s gonna get the water to flood the ground and forest. We ’ave to help him!”
Those of us still standing burst into a sprint. We raced back to tower, the distance now seeming longer this time. Sirens grew louder and a fire truck flew by on the highway, its lights flashing. Another one followed him down the exit moments later.
Brent had managed to break the top of a tube I had slid down on loose from the scaffold and was rolling it.
Seth coughed and spate. “What’s he doing, Rylee?”
Rylee pressed a hand against her eyebrows and looked up at. “He’s got the top of the tube by a latch on the water tower. I think he’s trying to hammer the handle.”
To get the latch open so water would pour down. “Brent’s got an idea.”
“Let’s get the base moved.” Kieran jumped onto the bin and began kicking the base of the tube.
It took the five of us on the ground to break the trough free of the bin. It groaned in protest as it shifted a few meters. We worked without thinking or talking, all of going as fast as we could.
The noise from the fire terrified me, like it wanted to hunt us down. Heat burned against my skin and made all of us sweat. Everything was moving too fast. Ironically the ash drifted by in a slow dance.
“Pussshhh!” Seth hollered as his muscles strained in exertion. Finally the trough broke free from a tripod stand that kept it stable near the base. The bars clamoured to the ground and the trough swung away from us toward the fire.
From above Brent hollered, “Watch out!”
I heard the water bubble inside the tower and splash against the insides of the trough as it raced down. Brent must have managed to get the hatch open and set the trough to let the water pour down. I jumped up to try and push the base of the tube toward the forest. I could barely reach it now only my fingers managed to make contact. It didn’t budge. “Seth! Push it again. The water’s coming!”
Seth ran and leapt in the air, both arms coming up and nailing the trough with perfect athletic timing. It swung wild and water ricocheted out of the spout flying over the first trees and dumping into the forest. The trough swung a few meters to the right and, because of the pressure from the water, moving back to the left like a clock pendulum.
Angry hissing and sound of fire drowning sounded like music to my ears. “It’s hitting the fire.”
The same time I spoke Rylee said, “I can see it.”
“Fire department’s on the other side fighting it as well.” Brent stood beside Kieran, his arms crossed and a big goofy grin on his face.
I ran over and hugged him. “You crazy idiot!”
“Idiot?” Kieran laughed. “I’d say more along the lines of a genius. That was brilliant.” He high-fived Brent.
“I saw the lower flood latch when Zoe and I were up there before. I figured it was worth a shot. How you guys moved the base was awesome.” Brent opened and closed his hands into fists, then tucked them into his jean pockets.
“See!” Seth pounded Brent on the back. “I told you we make an awesome team.”
Kieran glanced toward the road. “Oye! May I suggest we get our arses outta here? Don’t think we want ta get caught.”
“Oh, crap!” Heidi turned and started running down the path.
Everyone followed her, only to stop and turn in the opposite direction when sirens warned us someone was coming.
We sprinted about fifty metre when gravel crunching gave me the heads up before the others. About to warn them, I never got the chance. Heidi pulled up short when a red SUV blocked the road. Rylee covered her eyes from the bright head lights.
A fireman jumped out of the driver’s side and held his hand up. He held a phone in the other. “Nobody move. I’m calling the cops.”


Chapter 2
Radium Halos Part 2 Excerpt

“We didn’t do it.” Brent walked over to Heidi.
Another fire department vehicle drove up. It lurched to a stop and Seth’s dad jumped out. “You kids alright?” Another fire fighter jumped out of the passenger side and began climbing up the scaffold ladder.
“We’re fine, Dad.” Seth pointed to the fireman with the phone still by his ear. “He thinks we started the fire.”
Rylee glanced at the dying fire and water still gushing from the tower. “We didn’t.”
“Russ, put the phone away. That’s my kid. They’re the ones who soaked the flames on this end.”
Russ hit a button on his phone.
Seth didn’t let Russ reply. “You saw what we did? Totally awesome, ‘eh?”
His dad smiled. “Quick thinking but dangerous.” He shook his head. “What were you doing out here anyway?”
Russ snorted. “Not hard to guess.”
Seth’s dad shot him a warning look. “Some inexperienced camper called nine-one-one and said he’d dropped a gasoline canister when trying to get a bonfire going.”
Russ shook his head. “Tell your kid and his friends to get a job or find something useful to do in the evenings. Not hang out where trouble seems to be finding them.” He got in his truck, slammed the door shut and spurned gravel as he drove off.
Seth’s dad sighed and shook his head.
“Why couldn’t you stop the fire where it started?” Seth asked his dad, refusing to acknowledge Russ’ last remark.
“We got to the flames but when the wind changed direction suddenly we thought we were screwed. You kids…well, you basically saved the day.”
“Saved the night.” Heidi murmured.
“Superheros.” Seth nudged her.
His dad either hadn’t heard or purposely ignored them. “Good job but incredibly stupid and dangerous.” He tapped Seth on his chest. “You better not have been drinking out here.” He looked around at all of us. “You’re good kids, but what in the world? The cops are going to want to know who did the damage to city property. First the mine, then PHP and now here. You guys are going to start getting the wrong reputation.” He glanced up the gravel road. “I think you need to get going.”
Sirens screamed further off in the distance, a different sound to the ones from the fire trucks. I glanced at the others, unsure if we should run.
Brent, on my right, stood staring at my elbow. “You need a bandage on that.”
“It’s fine.” I tried to pull my sleeve down to hide it.
Seth’s dad stopped jabbering when the fireman climbed down from the water tower and stood by the truck. The two-way inside the cab crackled to life. Police were heading to this area.
Seth’s dad raced to the truck and got in. He started the engine and did the fastest U-turn I’d ever seen. As he drove by us, he rolled the window down. “Get out of here. I’ll talk to the cops and make sure Russ is on the same page.” He sped away after the SUV.
We did as he told and raced out there. None of spoke the ride home and back at Brent’s place we gathered our things and said good night. I think everyone needed to go over the evening on their own. I know I did. So many thoughts were racing around in my head, competing with the noises in my ears and I had no idea how to calm them down.


The next afternoon I leaned against the biology room window when a bike engine roared to life. Rylee was skipping last class to leave with Kieran on his motorcycle. I heaved a disappointed sighed and couldn’t stop myself watching as they zoomed off school property.
Trying to refocus my attention on memorizing the periodic table seemed next to impossible. My thoughts kept drifting back to Rylee. Her coy laughter as she climbed on the bike behind Kieran, the rustling of her hair as she tossed it over her shoulder before putting a helmet on and whispering she hoped he didn’t mind her holding him super tight so she wouldn’t fall.
Honestly, how could a hundred and eighteen chemical elements and their freakin’ atomic structure be more important than a hot guy? I groaned. What about chemistry between people? More like the lack of it. I obviously didn’t stand a chance if Kieran was even remotely interested in Rylee. Of course she’d be interested in the new guy. Who could blame her?
Kieran would have to be blind not to notice her. Straightening my arms to try and focus on the chart again, I swore under my breath when my bruised elbow rubbed against the desktop.
No way could I focus. Frustrated, I began picking up on everyone’s conversations – those studying and others gossiping. This freakin’ sucks! The guy I like is with the prettiest girl in town, I can’t sleep because everything is too bloody loud, and when I get annoyed it’s impossible to block anything out! I couldn’t do it when I was calm and it magnified a hundred times when I wasn’t. Rubbing my eyes against the palms of my hands, Heidi’s tentative step echoed in my ears several seconds before she spoke. It gave me a moment to try and compose myself.
“Everything okay?” Heidi never missed anything. She even made the effort to whisper below normal levels.
None of us had mentioned last night at the water tower. Somehow all of us had made the consensus to wait till we were on our own after school. I slid the chart back and forth across the counter then stopped as the laminate screeched against the fake wood desk. I tried to make my face blank, praying it would be unreadable. “Yeah, I’m alright. It’s just hard to concentrate with...” I pointed at my ears. Stretching my legs, I grimaced. “I think every muscle in my entire body has been ripped and shredded.”
“After what you and Brent did last night plus training, I’m not surprised. How’s your elbow?”
“Bruised and ugly.” I glanced down. An icky, patchy scab surrounded by purple, green and blue skin throbbed on my skin and deeper to the muscle. It actually seemed to have scabbed over pretty quickly. “It’ll heal. How are you feeling?”
Heidi swallowed and frowned. “I swear I can taste the lactic acid in my system from what we did yesterday. Are we going to Brent’s again today?”
“I think so.” Hopefully playing dumb worked. I did not want to appear obvious that I had just heard the motorcycle zoom away.
“I’ll go, but no training crap. My arms are killing me. I can barely hold my pen.” She pretended to lift her pencil like a weight bar and faked falling over. We started giggling, and then had to grab our sides at the same time from the sore muscles, which only made us laugh more. Class dragged, but at least we had each other to keep company.
After class Heidi and I met up with Seth and Brent in the parking lot by my car.
“Where’s Rylee?” Seth glanced around and checked his watch.
I shifted, reminded again of the motorcycle ride.
Brent saved me from answering. “She and Kieran are changing the gym around.” He opened the passenger door to the Bug. “I went by my place at lunch and turned the alarm system off. Rylee bugged me all morning. When she gets an idea in her head…” He shook his head. “She was driving me nuts.” He dropped the passenger seat forward to let Heidi climb in, then straightened the seat and dropped onto it. “Let’s go see if they need help.”
Heidi shook her head. “She can be very persistent.”
Seth crawled into the backseat from my side and groaned. “Man, Zoe. This back’s so tiny for a big guy like me. I’m freakin’ sore from yesterday.”
Heidi giggled. “Not so tough now, ‘eh? Yesterday you said it didn’t hurt.” She shifted and made a gagging face. “Ick. What’s that smell?” She swallowed and pointed to the front dash. “That air freshener tastes like rotten fruit to me. Can you throw it out? Pretty, pretty please?”
I sat down, fastened my seatbelt and glanced at my two friends in the back seat. One teenie tiny fairy and the other a distant relative to the Hulk.
Seth plugged his nose. “Why’d you have to mention it?” It came out all-nasal. “Now the smell’s overpowering me.” His shoulders rose and he swallowed back a gag.
I laughed, reached down and pulled the pink and red strawberry scented little freshener off my fan vent and tossed it in the garbage can in front of my car. I started the engine. “I’d give anything to block out a sound – any sound.”
Brent’s eyebrows went up. “It’s too much?”
Before I could answer, Seth leaned forward. “Last night’s still lingering a bit. If I inhale deeply I can still smell the fire.” He stuck his tongue out a few times as if his throat had been scorched.
Brent rolled his eyes. “Dude, I was asking Zoe.”
Seth dropped back against the seat, making the whole car shake. “I sense that now.” He chucked. “Get it? Sense that now? I totally didn’t mean to say that.”
“You’re a funny man.” Heidi voice came across, clear and sarcastic.
“Are you wishing it would go away?” Brent watched me intently and made a conscious effort to speak quietly.
“I don’t hate it.” I said to Brent as I tried to ignore the saccades loud buzzing from the tree’s lining the street and focus on the road. “Look what we did last night.” I winked at Brent. “Who’d have guessed we’d be water tower sliding like death-defying crazy tight rope walkers, and then stopping a fire!”
“It was pretty crazy.” He grinned. “I’m not complaining about our new skills.”
“I just wish they came with an on and off switch.” I rubbed my left eye.
“That would be nice.” Heidi giggled. “I’d even settle for a dimmer button.”
We turned into Brent’s driveway and headed around to the gym. Kieran’s motorbike sat next to the entrance so I parked the Bug beside it. Everyone climbed out of the car and stretched. As we walked towards the doors I tried to stifle back a yawn.
Brent paused at the door, his hand resting on the handle. “You know what I just realized? Seth and Heidi have similar abilities. Kinda like Rylee and me.” He shot me a sympathetic look. “I think it’s different for Zoe…Like living with the volume on full blast with everything. You’re sort of on your own.”
Seth shrugged. “Guess so. Zoe’s tough. She can handle it. Kieran should try and help you. Since he’s got nothing, maybe he could take up some of the slack.” He pointed at Brent. “What’ve you figured out with your ability? You’re skills seem all jacked up?”
“Not reall. I think I’ve kinda figured them out. It’s a weird sense of touch ability, but it’s not like there’s some manual to compare or refer too. My hands are like see through windows. I touch a wall and can see the other side. I play a guitar and it’s like I own its strings.”
“X-ray vision.” Heidi tapped a finger against her chin. “Which is weird. It’s like you’ve got sight inside your touch. Like two abilities in one.”
Seth laughed. “At least if something happens to Rylee, we’ve still got all the senses covered.”
Heidi punched in him the arm.
“Ow! What w—”
“Not funny.” Heidi glared at him.
“At all,” I added.
Brent tried unsuccessfully to hold back a grin. “Rylee’s got super vision. I don’t have that. I can just see through stuff with my hands…and my feet. They work too.”
“Gross!” Heidi covered her mouth as if the mere thought might give her the taste of feet inside her mouth.
As if to remind me how little control I had, crickets increased their leg rubbing screech, electrical wires hovered like a swarm of bees and any other little distraction became something big.
Brent opened the door. “Let’s go and see what Rylee and Kieran are up to.”
The hallway inside appeared dimmed compared to the bright sunlight. Brent’s dad had offices and other rooms adjacent to the gym so barely any sunlight filtered through the hallway. By the time we reached the short distance to the gymnasium doors my eyes had adjusted. Music blared out of the stereo making it feel like my eyelids were bouncing to the beat. Kieran and Rylee had been busy. They had rigged part of the equipment so it looked like an obstacle course. Rylee stood on the far side, setting gym mats on the floor so the Velcro lined up. Closer to us, and slightly hidden so I’d missed him on my first sweep of the gym, Kieran lay on his back tying something under an Olympic size trampoline. He crawled out when he saw us.
“Oiy! What do ya think? Still need to do that whole section but it’s coming.” He pointed to an area with just a ladder with things lying on each rung.
Seth walked over and slapped him on the back. “Great idea. What do you want me to do?”
Kieran pulled a sheet of paper out of his back pocket and showed the hand drawn diagram which amazingly resembled the gym. “What if we made a sparring area over on the mats Rylee’s setting out? This way we’ve got a bunch of spots and don’t need to change it up for a while. I was thinking of setting the ladder up and hanging stuff on it that would use as stuff to spar with.”
“Time out. Time out.” Heidi made a T with her hands. “I’m game for setting the gym up but I can’t stay late and NO going outdoors. We need to lay low a night.”
“I need to be home too. Loads of homework or my mom’s gonna kill me.” Seth held his hands out like he was holding a huge weight of books.
Heidi tsked. “Will your dad call our parents about last night?”
“He won’t.” Seth shook his head. “We talked this morning and he promised not to say anything. I told him you girls were shook up from being trapped in the mine and scared from that night at PHP. He agreed to keep it quiet.” He chuckled. “Yeah, my dad’s pretty cool.”
“Thank goodness.” Heidi smiled. She viewed the room and then snapped her fingers. “You know what? We should build some plyometric boxes over there.” She pointed to a bare spot in the gym. “To do plyo training. My old gymnast coach was a huge fan of jumping up and over stuff.”
“Great idea.” Kieran nodded.
Something metal clattered together and fell by Rylee. “Sounds like someone needs some help.” Seth winked and jogged away while I covered my ears with my hands.
“We’ve got wooden crates in storage we could use for the plyo’s.” Brent elbowed Heidi. “Come with me to grab a cart. You can show me how to set them up.” They headed to the far end of the gym by the brightly painted orange door.
With my baby fingers I rubbed circles on the sides of my temples. My ears hurt from all the noise, especially the reverberating pounding of the base coming from the music.
Kieran’s gaze travelled from me to the stereo. “Crap! I forgot. Sorry.” He jumped up and shut the music off.
For a split second, there was peace and quiet. Then the rest of the world resumed its uproar in my ears.
Kieran shrugged. “I tried.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it.” I hated the mixed vibes my body kept sending me. One minute it seemed like I was on a one way street and the next Kieran seemed to be thinking the same thing. Shame I sucked at flirting. Needing a distraction from my thoughts and something to deafen the noise, I nodded to where Kieran had been working when we walked in. “Anything I can help you with?”
He held a screwdriver in his hand and tapped it against the open palm of his other. “I’ve been tryin’ to think of ways ta help you train yer ears.”
I nodded, loving the way his “r’s” rolled when he spoke. Focus, Zoe. Focus.
“… an’ I figured working with yer core balance would probably help everything. Seth made a good point yesterday ‘bout that.” He pointed to the place where he’d been under when we’d walked in. “I jimmied stuff around the trampoline kinda like a gladiator maze. Trap doors and everything.” He scratched his hair near the nape of his neck. “Do ya wan’ ta try it tomorrow?”
“Might have to wait a couple of days.” I raised my arm and pointed at my elbow. “Don’t want to rip this open.”
“Oye!” Kieran gently brushed his fingers along the rim of the bruise. “That’s gotta hurt.” He leaned in closer. “It looks like the scabs starting to come off.”
“I ripped it?” I twisted my arm, his fingers still grazing my bicep. It hadn’t come loose, it actually had peeled away because it was heeling. Weird. The bruise still hurt but the surface was heeling incredibly fast. I wanted to see it closer on my own before I mentioned it to the others.
My face red, either from embarrassment or his touch, I glanced away from his piercing blue eyes. “It’s fine. I should probably bandage it. Except my dad’s always nagging about scabs needing air except it’ll be gross if I ripped it off.”
“Brent!” Kieran shouted, cupping his hands around his mouth to avoid shouting near my ears. “Do you have a first aid kit?”
“In the drawer below the stereo. Everything okay?” Brent called back.
“Yeah, we’re good.” Kieran winked at me. “Let me find something in the kit to protect that.”
Shy but totally loving the attention, I let Kieran rub ointment and then bandage my elbow. I couldn’t speak and thank goodness he didn’t try to make conversation either. I didn’t want to think except my brain wouldn’t listen. It kept wondering if Rylee had talked him into asking her out or, if they’d already tried a thing or two under the bleachers. The thought made my face burn and I avoided looking at Kieran.
“Does it hurt?” Kieran’s warm hand gently held my forearm. “Did I make the bandage too tight?”
Our eyes met and I couldn’t look away. His brows pushed together with a small crease line forming between them. His handsome face with those piercing blue eyes sent butterflies into my stomach. If he liked Rylee I was heading into huge disappointment. I shifted my stare to the square patterns on the wood floor. “I’m f—fi—” I cleared my throat. “It’s fine.”
His grip tightened like a vice on my arm. “What’s wrong?”

~ End of Excerpt ~

Radium Halos Part 2 Available February 28th, 2014






I hope you enjoyed Radium Halos. I love to hear from readers so please feel free to contact me or post a line or two review so others can find the series!
Looking forward to see you for part 2 !
W.J. May

MORE BOOKS BY W.J. MAY:
THE CHRONICLES OF KERRIGAN


Book Trailer:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gILAwXxx8MU



BOOK BLURB:

How hard do you have to shake the family tree to find the truth about the past?
Fifteen year-old Rae Kerrigan never really knew her family's history. Her mother and father died when she was young and it is only when she accepts a scholarship to the prestigious Guilder Boarding School in England that a mysterious family secret is revealed.
Will the sins of the father be the sins of the daughter?
As Rae struggles with new friends, a new school and a star-struck forbidden love, she must also face the ultimate challenge: receive a tattoo on her sixteenth birthday with specific powers that may bind her to an unspeakable darkness. It's up to Rae to undo the dark evil in her family's past and have a ray of hope for her future.



Shadow of Doubt
Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZK09Fe7kgA
 

Book Blurb:
What happens when you fall for the one you are forbidden to love

Erebus is a bit of a lost soul. He's a guy so he should be out to have fun but unlike the rest of his kind, he is solemn and withdrawn. That is, until he meets Aurora, a law student at Cornell University. His entire world is shaken. Feelings he's never had and urges he’s never understood take over. These strange longings drive him to question everything about himself.

When a jealous ex stalks back into his life, he must decide if he is willing to risk everything to be with Aurora. His desire for her could destroy her, or worse, erase his own existence forever.
COMING SOON:

Book Blurb:
What if courage was your only option?

When Kallie lands a college interview with the city’s new hot-shot police officer, she has no idea everything in her life is about to change. The detective is young, handsome and seems to have an unnatural ability to stop the increasing local crime rate. Detective Liam’s particular interest in Kallie sends her heart and head stumbling over each other.

When a raging blood feud between vampires spills into her home, Kallie gets caught in the middle. Torn between love and family loyalty she must find the courage to fight what she fears the most and possibly risk everything, even if it means dying for those she loves.
 

Hidden Secrets Saga:
Download Seventh Mark part 1 For FREE
Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-_vVYC1gvo

Book Blurb:
Like most teenagers, Rouge is trying to figure out who she is and what she wants to be. With little knowledge about her past, she has questions but has never tried to find the answers. Everything changes when she befriends a strangely intoxicating family. Siblings Grace and Michael, appear to have secrets which seem connected to Rouge. Her hunch is confirmed when a horrible incident occurs at an outdoor party. Rouge may be the only one who can find the answer.

An ancient journal, a Sioghra necklace and a special mark force life-altering decisions for a girl who grew up unprepared to fight for her life or others.

All secrets have a cost and Rouge’s determination to find the truth can only lead to trouble…or something even more sinister.

UNSEEN
By C.J. Pinard

Copyright 2014 C.J. Pinard

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Published by Dark Shadows Publishing®



CHAPTER 1

I sat watching her intently. She and I were the only two not eating lunch, and I leaned back on my elbows on the stone benches surrounding the trees in the center of the high school’s quad. My Ray-Bans were affixed firmly in place protecting my overly-sensitive eyes. Although thankfully, the sun didn’t make an appearance very often in Nampa, Idaho. Near the Oregon border, it shared much of the same weather properties as the rainy state, which was why my family and I had moved here in the first place.
I didn’t take my eyes off of her. Caroline Reyes also sat alone, her sad-looking face sitting at a table solo. Her hand was propping her head up, her nose in a book.
I’d watched her for about a week. Caroline was a new student, a transfer from California, I’d heard, and she hadn’t made any friends yet. I knew she was a senior because she was in my homeroom class. She sat at one of the three formerly empty desks in the back of the class.
I decided it was creepy to sit and just watch her like this. She looked like she could use a friend, so I got up and walked to her bench. With my hands in the pocket of my jeans, I stood in the shadows cast by the moving clouds in the sky, my frame a brooding dark silhouette over her book. “Hi.”
She looked up slowly, her brown eyes big. “Hi… ?”
I slid a hand out of my pocket and ran it through my too-long brown hair. “May I sit?”
She nodded and watched me intently as I sat across from her. “I’m Dylan.”
“Caroline,” she replied, sliding some of her black hair behind her ear.
I nodded. “I know.”
She looked at me questioningly. “Really?”
“Yes, you’re new, right?”
“Yep, been here about two months. Although I seem to be invisible around here.”
I bit back a smile. “Is that so?”
She sighed and closed her book, placing both hands on top of it. “You don’t see me surrounded by friends, do you?”
“Point taken. Making friends is hard to do, especially in high school.”
She studied me for a long minute. “You seem to be a little more mature than the average male high school bonehead.”
“Why, thank you. I think. Are you some sort of expert on high school maturity?” I suppressed a smile.
She sighed. “Well, I’m used to moving around, being the new kid. My dad works for the government, and every time he wants a promotion, we have to move. I haven’t spent more than two years in one place. I’m kinda used to being alone and ignored I guess.”
I stared at her for a minute. “That’s unfortunate.”
“So why are you talking to me?” she asked.
“I thought you could use a friend. I don’t have many either,” I replied, motioning around me as if to show my lack of entourage.
Her defenses seemed to go down and she softened a bit. “Oh. Well that’s fine. It kinda sucks spending every lunch break alone.”
“So what are you reading?” I asked, pointing at her book.
“Nothing heavy.” She lifted up the paperback and showed it to me. “Young adult stuff.”
I looked at the book and tried again not to smile. “Vampire Academy? Is it any good?”
She lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “It’s holding my attention enough. They’re making a movie out of it so I thought I’d read the book first.”
“You know that’s going to ruin the movie, right? The movie’s never as good as the book.”
She smiled. “That’s true. But it passes the time, so…”
“I get it, trust me.”
She was quiet for a minute, looking beyond me to a group of popular kids who were laughing and flirting with each other.
I craned my neck to look behind me. “Ignore them. They’re nothing but a bunch of shallow, vapid human beings.”
“You know them?” she asked, curious.
“I used to hang out with Collin, but not anymore.”
She squinted. “Which one is Collin?”
“The big jock with the pretty blonde in his lap,” I replied without turning around. I didn’t need to.
Caroline’s gaze slid back to my sunglass-encased eyes. “She’s not that pretty.”
I let out a laugh and nodded. “I agree.”
Her face got serious. “And that Collin guy is a total douche canoe.”
My eyebrows shot up. “Douche canoe?”
“Totally.”
I grinned. “Really, why do you say that?”
She shrugged. “He was just really mean to me when I first got here. You can tell he thinks he’s better than everyone.”
“That’s definitely true,” I replied. “But he’s not.” I decided to get her attention off the popular kids. “So why aren’t you eating?”
She shrugged again. “Not hungry. Haven’t been since the accident.”
I turned my head to the side. “What accident?”
She tore her gaze once again off the popular students and back to me. “I was in a car wreck about two weeks ago.”
I nodded. “Ah, I’m sorry. I hope you’re okay.”
“Oh yeah, I’m fine. I’m pretty lucky to have walked away. Car was totaled.”
Just then, the bell rang and we both got up from the table.
“Same time tomorrow?” I asked, pointing at the table with a grin.
She nodded, flicking more shiny dark hair behind her ear and smiling. “Sure.”
I grinned a little and picked my books up off the table. She walked across the grass and I headed toward the closest hallway to find some shade. The sun wasn’t out, it never was here, but I could see clouds moving and didn’t want to risk getting caught in any sunbeams.

***

We became instant friends. About a week later, I asked her if she wanted to go see a movie or something on the next Friday night and she agreed quickly.
“Why didn’t you want me to pick you up at your house?” I asked as I opened the car door for Caroline in front of my house. Turned out she lived just a few blocks from me and had walked to my house.
She shook her head. “My parents have been acting weird toward me since the accident. They barely speak to me.”
I turned my head in confusion. “Really? Why’s that?”
Caroline shook her head. “I don’t know.”
The engine of my 1968 Ford Mustang rumbled to life and I tore down the street on the way to the movie theater.
I, being the gentleman that I am, paid for the tickets as Caroline waited in front of the theater.
“You ready?” I asked.
She nodded and followed me inside as I handed the tickets to the teen working at the turnstile. “Theater seven, to your right,” he said to me.
Caroline followed me as we wandered into theater seven and sat in the very last row.
“You want something to eat?” I asked after we’d been seated for a few minutes.
I saw her gaze drift to my empty hands then back into my face. “No, I’m good. Thanks, though.”
I nodded. “No problem.” I knew why she didn’t want anything to eat. She wasn’t hungry.
Two guys sitting in the row in front of me craned their heads around and looked at me like they were annoyed, and then turned back around. I ignored them.

The violent movie ended, and as we exited the building, I drove my hands in my pocket and pulled out a gray beanie, shoving it on my head. “It’s cold.”
Caroline shrugged. “It’s not bothering me.”
I smirked. “Yeah, I can see that. I was gonna offer you my coat, but you didn’t seem to need it.”
Her cheeks flushed. “I’m sorry.”
We reached my Mustang. I opened the creaky passenger door and stared down at her. “What are you sorry for?”
She grinned shyly. “I still wouldn’t mind wearing your coat.”
I nodded and smiled with a devilish gleam. “Next time, I’ll let you wear it.”
“Really?” she beamed up at me.
I nodded and held open the car door for her, closing it after she got in, and then went around to the driver’s side.
As I went to put the key in the ignition, I could feel Caroline’s dark gaze on me.
“What?” I asked, looking sideways at her.
She blew out a breath and looked straight head. “Why are you being so nice to me, Dylan?”
“Why wouldn’t I be? You’re a sweet girl.”
She smiled shyly and looked down. “Thanks. Glad you think so.”
He shook my head at her insecurity and cranked the engine, putting the old Mustang in first gear, and tearing off down the street.
The thrill of driving fast would never get old.

As I dropped her off at her house, I offered to walk her inside. She shook her head and said there was no need. I watched her walk up to her front door and turn the knob and enter her house. I found it odd they didn’t have the front door locked, but to each his own, I guess.
I drove out of her neighborhood, a simple upper middle class one with a lot of cookie-cutter houses and manicured lawns. She had said her dad worked for the government. He must be pretty high-ranking. As she chatted with me at lunch yesterday, I had watched her eyes. They were the color of hot fudge and they held an undercurrent of sadness that I understood all too well.
I found the Mustang drifting toward the woods. I didn’t feel like going home to my brothers and sister so I drove a few extra miles on an unlit back country road until I came upon the old wooden cabin that I knew my friends would be hanging out in.
I wasn’t dumb enough to think I could sneak up on anyone in the Mustang. Its rumble rattled my own teeth as I drove it, and I’m sure they could hear me coming a mile away. I pulled the key from the ignition and shoved it into my pocket. As I reached the front door, I could hear music playing from inside. I pushed the old door open and it wailed on unoiled hinges. I saw about ten people sitting and standing around. An iPod on a docking station was blasting some old-school rock, and a TV in the corner was showing an 80s movie with the sound on mute.
“Wassup, Dylan?”
I turned to see Adam, a giant with a blonde buzz cut wearing his football jersey standing next to me. I smiled at him and said, “Hey, Adam. How’s it going?”
“Just chillin’. What are you up to?” he said in his deep, booming voice.
I shook my head. “At least it’s Friday. How was the game?”
He smiled proudly and ran his hand over his green and white jersey. “We won against Lincoln, of course.”
“Of course we did.”
He turned around to go talk to a blonde girl in a cheerleader uniform and I stalked to the kitchen to see what was going on. There were a few teens standing around talking. I opened the fridge to see nothing but beer. Lots of it, unopened. It looked just the way it had the last time I was there.
I went back out to the living room and plopped on the sofa next to a pretty blonde who was staring at the muted TV with little interest.
I studied her pretty pale elfin face. “Hi, I’m Dylan.”
She turned to look at me, narrowing hazel eyes at me. She seemed to study me, as if she was deciding if she was gonna speak to me. I bit back a smile and waited for her speak.
“Shayne.”
“Nice to meet you, Shayne. You new here?” I asked, already knowing the answer.
She sighed, her pale arms still folded across her chest. “Yes.”
I blew off her bad attitude and stared at the TV right along with her. There were teens everywhere, mingling and talking. They seemed to feel safe and at home here in this remote cabin, and I smiled a little to myself.
I heard the front door open and saw Karina, my sister enter. I sighed a little and got up from the couch. She said hello to a few of the teens and headed straight for me. I inclined my head toward the kitchen and she followed me into it.
“What are you doing here?” I asked her, studying her pasty freckled face.
She narrowed blue eyes at me. “I was bored. What are you doing here?”
I sighed. “You know I hang out here on the weekends. These people, they need some companionship.”
She looked around and lowered her voice. “All accident victims, right?”
I nodded. “Yes. That’s what they have in common. I kinda started a group at school for people who were victims of trauma and they sort of migrated here on their own. Apparently Adam,” I dipped my head toward the living room, “the big jock… his family owns this cabin but only uses it in the summer.”
“Makes sense,” she said, raking a hand through her unruly red hair. Karina was younger than me in human years, but was way older than me in vampire years.
Yes, I said vampire years. I was born in 1966 in New York, but in 1988 I myself fell victim to an accident that forever changed my fate.
Just 22, I had no family to speak of, as my parents had been killed in a car wreck when I was just 12, leaving me bouncing around foster homes until I turned 18. I was driving a cab to try to keep my head above water in the 1980s when one night, I took a wrong turn and pissed off the wrong customer. A gunshot to the back of the head right after I pulled up to the curb was my fate. Luckily, my vampire father, Amos, was waiting for the cab and saved my life.
Well, I didn’t die, exactly. He felt my neck, and seeing as I still had a faint pulse, he fed me his blood from his wrist, which I’m told he tore open with his own fangs, and fed it to me. Driving the cab back to his New York penthouse, he parked it in front and carried me upstairs, where I recovered for a few days. I should be about 48 now, but instead, I am frozen in time, stuck at 22 forever, allergic to the sun and reliant on human blood to keep me from wasting away to nothing.
“Dylan!” Karina yelled at me.
“Huh?” I asked.
I caught my reflection in the stainless steel fridge in the kitchen and watched as my silvery colored eyes gleamed off the harsh lights. It seemed I should be used to my new eye color, but I wasn’t. My “brothers” had the same eye color, too, seemed that’s what happened when a male turns into a vampire. But not a female. She got to keep her human eye color.
So unfair.
However, before the change, I’d had plain, chocolate brown eyes and now they were kinda cool-looking so I didn’t complain. I just hated explaining them to strangers – which, thankfully, didn’t happen very often since I mostly met people at night.
“We need to get home,” Karina said, both her hands on my biceps.
I turned my head to the side. “Uh, okay, but why?”
“Raf needs us.”
I didn’t question it. Raf was our eldest vampire brother and if he needed us for something, I just obeyed.
We headed for the front door and said our goodbyes. I hoped the kids in this cabin would be okay. I hoped they would find solace and comfort in each other since they all had something in common. Tragedies befell people every day, yet it was rare that a group of victims could get together in a safe place to be together and vent, cry, or whatever they needed to do. Although it seemed most just wanted to a place to hang out and just be.


CHAPTER 2

“We’re moving to Dallas,” Raf said.
Raf, Karina, my other brother Zane, and I looked at him incredulously. “Texas? Seriously?” I groaned with more disrespect than I felt.
Raf nodded, his long, black hair bouncing around his shoulders. “Yes.”
His silvery stare held no facetiousness, no joking. I let out a sigh. “Can I at least my finish my senior year?”
He laughed. “I don’t know why you’re in high school anyway, Dylan. How can you stand it?”
“I want to know that too,” Karina interjected.
I sighed. “I’m freaking bored. Plus there are people there who need my help.”
Zane lifted a blonde eyebrow at me. “How so?”
I folded defiant arms over my chest. “You know what I mean.”
He nodded lazily and then lifted a hand in the air. “Whatever. You got issues.”
I narrowed eyes at him. “You’re one to talk, Thor.”
He subconsciously reached behind his head to ensure his blonde ponytail was still secured. “Screw you, Dylan.”
Getting the desired response, I smiled and turned back to Raf. “When do we leave?”
“Got the house on the market now, as soon as it sells, we’re outta here.”
I nodded. I was used to this. We spent 15 years in New York and then we moved here a few years ago, but then something dawned on me. “I thought you said we had 10 to 15 years at each place.”
Raf nodded. “Yes, but something’s come up.”
Zane snorted. “Something as in, Raf got caught in the men’s room of a club tearing open a vein.”
I stared at him in horror. “You didn’t.”
Chagrinned but unashamed, Raf tilted his chin at me. “I did. But we’re all good. We will start over in Texas and hopefully have a few good years there.”
“I’ve never been,” Karina drawled, “but I’m excited to get back to the South.”
The firey redhead I called my sister was from New Orleans and I knew she hated the north and especially the cold. I could practically see the excitement bouncing around in her icy blue stare.
Later that evening, I was getting ready to head out with my brothers to go find someone to eat and saw the light on in her room. I knocked and her high-pitched voice bade me to come in.
She was sitting on her bed, doing something on her iPad.
“Whatcha doin?” I asked, my arms folded across my chest as I leaned on the doorframe.
She was sitting cross-legged and set the tablet down on her lap. “Nothin’. Just seeing what there is to do in Dallas.”
“It’s quite a big city, I hear. Tons to do.”
“Close to Nawlins, too,” she said, smiling at me.
I nodded. “Guess I’ll have to look at a map.”
She grinned. “I can’t wait to see how you take to Southern life. You’re gonna love it. It rarely gets cold, never snows, and there will be way more to do there than here.”
“I know that’s right. Idaho kinda blows,” I smiled.
She nodded and looked down at her iPad, then back up at me. “So why do you keep hanging out with those kids in that creepy old cabin?”
“I told you, they seem to need some direction, they’re all traumatized by their accidents. I’m glad I could bring them together.”
She nodded. “I see.”
“I’ve met another girl at school who I think I’m gonna introduce to them. Her name is Caroline. She’s sweet, but a bit damaged.”
“It’s like you’re running a rescue shelter for strays,” she drawled.
I smiled. “I guess I kind of am.”
She shook her head.
“Well, I’m gonna go out with the boys. Want me to bring you back anything?”
She snorted. “Yeah, a superhot guy with big muscles and a throbbing jugular.”
I laughed. “Yeah, I’ll get right on that. There are plenty of bags in the fridge. Be back later.”
She shook her head as I walked out of her room.

Usually at night, Raf, Zane, and I went out at night to feed. We also kept our fridge stocked with blood bags for emergencies, or in our case, for Karina since she didn’t care to “hunt”, but some nights I didn’t want go out. I wanted to hang out indoors and do a lot of nothing.
I sometimes sat and wondered what kind of life I had. I was confined to the night; there would be no beach parties or 4th of July barbeques for me. I would remain pale and live in the shadows of the daytime, hoping the cloud cover would remain intact. I decided that when we got to Dallas, I was done with high school. I’d sleep all day and be up at night with my brothers. Maybe I’d get a job doing something at night to keep me busy.
I thought about Amos and how I missed him. He’d saved my life, turned me into this. At first I was angry, so very angry. I remember many times screaming at him that he should have just left me for dead. That living as an immortal, un-aging creature who relied on blood to survive and couldn’t eat real food anymore was awful. But as the years went by, I learned to respect Amos. He was very old, and very patient. He was also from the South, and had saved Karina from a life of poverty in the early 1920s when he’d met her. I was devastated beyond words when he was killed – beheaded by a rival vampire gang in 1991.
Raf and Zane were true brothers. Amos had ‘found’ them during the first World War and they were together a long time. Raf had taken Amos’s death the hardest, but had taken over our little family and I had respect for him. He led well, and I was happy to let him do it.
The small Idaho town we lived in was too small to hunt in. We normally went to a nearby bigger city to catch our prey. When I was first turned, the thrill of the hunt used to get my cold blood flowing. I loved going to bars and picking up women. It was so easy to do. My brothers taught me how to hypnotize a woman – or hell, any person – by looking into their eyes and planting subtle suggestions. It worked every time and made tapping a vein for my nightly sustenance a piece of cake.
Raf, Zane, and I entered the dark club. It was more like a large bar, no real dance floor, just a large rectangular bar at the back and fancy lighted signs surrounding it. It wasn’t very busy, but we weren’t picky. Any warm-blooded human would do. We weren’t here looking for long-term relationships for God’s sake.
We walked up to the bar and ordered beers. Thankfully we could drink liquids. What we couldn’t do was eat regular food. I tried once… it ended violently.
We nursed our beers and chatted about really nothing at all. Zane turned to tell Raf something and I could feel body heat to my left so I turned my head and saw a shy-looking girl about my age standing next to me. Her dark hair curtained her face and she had her elbows on the bar, staring at the bartender, willing him to give her some attention. She must have felt my gaze because she slowly turned her head and looked up at me. Large brown eyes framed by dark lashes on a pale face blinked up at me.
“Hi,” I said, putting on my most disarming smile. I’d been told my silvery eyes glimmered under certain lights, and I hoped tonight was one of those times.
I raked a hand through my too-long dark hair and thought I’d need to get it cut before school on Monday. I normally kept the sides shaved short and the top a bit longer, but even that wasn’t working at the moment. The brunette was still staring at me, until she breathed, “Hi.”
I chuckled. This was one already enchanted, it seemed, and I was going to capitalize on it.
“Dylan.” I pointed the tip of the beer bottle at my chest.
She grinned shyly. “Addie.”
“Addie huh?” I asked, taking a swig of the beer while keeping eye contact with her. I lowered the bottle and asked, “Is that short for anything?”
She laughed nervously and said, “Adelle.”
I nodded. “Pretty.”
She didn’t say anything else, so I said, “You come here alone, Adelle?”
“Only my mom calls me Adelle,” she replied in deflection.
I didn’t once see her look around for friends or anyone she might be meeting, so I knew she’d come alone.
I’d found dinner.
“I’ll take that as a no,” I said, smiling again.
When she ordered a martini, I paid for it and took her hand and led her back by some pool tables in the backroom of the quiet bar. I lifted my beer in a salute to my brothers as I walked away.
Addie and I sat in chairs in the dark corner of the bar and chit-chatted about stupid, irrelevant human things, like politics and jobs (turns out she was a receptionist for a large real estate company in town). After she had finished her second martini, I asked her if she’d like to go somewhere quieter.
There were nights when I just wanted to feed, and then there were nights, like tonight, when I wanted to feed and fuck at the same time. It may sound crude, but it was in my nature. Mixing the blood-drinking with sex was just part of our nature – a nature I found my suppressing a lot of the times, and then asking myself why.
Addie nodded in agreement and when we got out to the car, I realized it was a bit stupid of me to have invited her somewhere when my brothers and I had all arrived in the same car. Regardless, I pushed her up against the passenger door of our black BMW and slid both hands across her warm cheeks. She smiled and I leaned down and kissed her on her soft mouth. She tasted like mint and gin, and when my tongue found its way into her mouth, I pressed my body closer to hers. I felt her slim hips buck up against mine, telling me she was game. After a few minutes of kissing, I whispered in her ear, “Where’s your car?”
She shook her head and bit her lip. “Didn’t bring it. I knew I’d be drinking so I took a cab…”
Damn.
There was no getting lucky for me tonight. I plastered on another disarming smile and gently ran my cool fingers over the pebbling skin of her left arm.
“It’s okay, my brothers will be out soon. They’ll drive us wherever we want to go,” I lied. I had no intention of taking her back to our house.
I leaned down once more to kiss her, then I trailed my lips and tongue down her neck. As my mouth breathed cool breath onto her slender neck, I could feel and hear the pulse just barely under the skin. As I licked, I saw the jugular glow red under the skin and my fangs came down slowly.
With my mouth watering, I held her by the hair with one hand and methodically bent her head backward. I slid sensuous fingers in a feather-light touch across the tempting vein, then bent my head slowly and inserted both sharp eyeteeth into the vein with perfect precision.
Addie gasped a little and I felt her hips push farther into me. I had my hand fisted at the back of her head, holding it tight so she couldn’t move. Her body was under my surrender as I pressed my hard desire against her pelvis, which was still rolling against me in pure desire.
Her warm, sweet blood exploded into my mouth and I groaned in pleasure. I sucked gently – more gently than I wanted to – and forced myself to pull off when I felt her body begin to go limp. I heard her heart rate slow and knew it was time to stop. God, I wanted to keep going. I wanted to tear her skirt off and release all the tensions of the day into her.
But of course I didn’t.
I looked up to see Raf and Zane exiting the bar, heading toward me. I licked Addie’s neck one last time over my bite marks and then used my fingers to tip her chin up so she could look into my eyes.
With a serious expression, I bore my silver gaze into her chocolate brown one. “Adelle, we made out in the parking lot. I wanted you and you wanted me, but it just wasn’t happening tonight. I did nothing but kiss your mouth and neck. I’m just some stranger in a bar you met. You don’t even remember my name.”
With that, I broke the trance and told her to go back inside the bar. She obeyed immediately, her nice ass swaying and slightly staggering in her short black skirt and white boots.
Raf raised an eyebrow at me and pointed the key at me. “You didn’t get anything on the Beemer, did you?”
I snorted as I wiped my bottom lip with my thumb. “Absolutely not. I fed, then kicked her to the curb.”
Zane grunted. “As usual,” he muttered under his breath.
I climbed into the backseat with a smile on my face and an uncomfortable feeling in my pants as Zane started the BMW and drove off, heading back to our vampire home.


CHAPTER 3

“TGIF, Caroline,” I said as I slid onto the bench across from her. She was once again reading by herself at a lone picnic table. And of course she wasn’t eating.
She put her book down and smiled at me. “Yes, I guess it is Friday.”
“Whatcha doing this weekend?” I asked.
She lifted a shoulder. “Dunno, no real plans. Why?”
“I know this abandoned cabin, a bunch of other teens party there on weekends. Wanna go?”
She raised a dark eyebrow at me, her olive toned hands now resting on her book. “Abandoned cabin? Sounds creepy.”
I resisted the urge to laugh or snort at the irony of her statement, so I plastered on the most neutral poker face I could. “It’s not creepy. It’s fun. I’ll pick you up at eight.”
She bit her lip in contemplation, and as she began to nod, the bell rang. She loaded her books into her worn backpack and nodded.
“Okay, I’ll let you pick me up at eight.”
I smiled in satisfaction. “See you then.”

The school day dragged on. I willed myself to stay there in the anticipation that we’d be moving to Dallas soon and I’d be done with this stuff. I knew from some Internet searches that while Texas got a lot of rain, it wasn’t as cloudy as western Idaho and knew my life would once again be restricted by the night. And I was okay with that. Truth was, I was always kind of dragging and tired during the daylight hours and found it hard to sleep when it was dark. It was like my body wanted to come alive once the sun went down and sleep when it rose. I wasn’t sure if it was because of so many years of living in that pattern or what, but Raf says it’s our nature, our body’s chemistry. Vampires are just wired that way.
As I got home from school, I asked Karina do to do my homework for me because I hated it and she was usually bored and she liked doing it. It was a win-win for me. I told her I had a date with Caroline later and she rolled her eyes.
“Why are you even bothering with her? We’re moving soon.”
I pulled a bag of blood from the fridge and threw it in the microwave. I knew I wouldn’t get to hunt tonight, as I’d be with Caroline.
After the microwave door slammed, I looked at my sister and said, “Look, it’s not like I’ve got feelings for the chick. I just want to help her.”
She looked up from my chemistry book, her pencil paused mid-scrawl, and narrowed her eyes at me. “Since when do you want to help anyone?”
The microwave beeped and I pulled out the bag, just sucking on the end of it without bothering to put it in a cup. I wiped some blood from my lip and said, “That was a low blow. I’m not that much of a bastard.”
She snorted without looking at me. “Yeah, okay.”
I shook my head and bit back a smile. Yes, I was kind of a dick sometimes, and didn’t have a lot of patience, but I also knew that this life I was living was long, and sometimes got boring. I sometimes felt like I was a floating presence, doing nothing but existing. Helping these kids find others like them, to find someone who had been through what they had, it made me feel better somehow. It sorta warmed my cold, dead heart and made me feel like I had some sort of purpose. My sibs could think I was dumb and wasting my time, but if I really thought about it – that’s all I had, really. Time.

I pulled the Mustang out in front of Caroline’s house and saw a face peer at me through the curtains. It wasn’t Caroline’s, as she was already on the porch and making her way down the steps toward my rumbling car. I watched in curiosity as the female face in the window kept looking at me. She looked sad and almost scared and I wondered what she was thinking. I couldn’t see her too well, but I could tell she resembled Caroline and figured this must have been her mother.
Caroline got into the car and smiled as she shut the door. “Hi.”
“How’s it going?” I asked as I slid my gaze away from the face in the window and back to my passenger.
She nodded. “Okay.”
As I drove down the street, I asked her, “Do you have any siblings?”
She nodded again. “Yes, I was an only child for a while, but my parents had another kid about five years ago. His name is Matthew.”
“Ah, brothers are fun.”
She laughed. “Yeah, sometimes.” Her face went serious. “But even he seems to be ignoring me lately. I don’t know what his problem is. My parents seem to pay more attention to him than me. Not that that’s anything new.”
I nodded in understanding.
“So, Dylan. What’s your last name?” she asked.
I grinned. What an odd question and I paused before answering. As we zoomed along the two-lane highway, I approached the darkness of the woods. “It’s Walsh.”
I shot her a sideways glance to gauge her reaction. Her eyebrows went up. “Dylan Walsh? As in, 9-0-2-1-0?”
I grinned. “Well, it was Brandon Walsh, and Dylan McKay, but I could see how you’d make the connection. Except I’m much hotter than Luke Perry and Jason Priestly combined.”
Sometimes people remembered that show and made a connection, and sometimes they didn’t. I, being a child of the 80s and 90s, of course remembered that show. Karina was addicted to it in the 90s and I would sometimes indulge and watch it with her. It was such a stupid show, one I wouldn’t admit to watching but had seen most episodes.
She laughed. “I love watching the reruns on that soap channel.”
“I was wondering if you would even know it.”
“Oh yeah, of course I do. The question is, do you watch it? It’s an old show.”
“Honestly? No, I don’t watch it now, but I have in the past. But if you tell anyone that, I will call you a liar.” I grinned and put my eyes back on the road.
She laughed. “It’s okay, I won’t tell anyone, Dylan Walsh.”
We pulled up in front of the old cabin in the woods.
Caroline looked at the cabin and bit her lip, then looked at me. “You’re right. It’s creepy.”
I yanked the key from the ignition and killing the engine left an eerie silence in its wake. “I believe you’re the one who said it was creepy, not me. Besides, it’s the top party spot!”
She nodded and got out and strolled up the walk with me. There were felled leaves littering the cracked stone walkway and they crunched under my feet as we made our way to the door.
As I creaked it open, I saw the usual crowd standing around talking. Adam smiled when we saw me and his eyes slowly drifted to Caroline. She took notice of this and looked down at her hands. Her shyness was cute but it was also a bit sad. I was wondering if she’d ever grow any confidence. She was a pretty girl, with olive skin and shiny black hair and a small frame.
“What’s up, Walsh?” Adam said as I closed the door behind me.
I shook my head. “Nothing, much. You guys okay?”
He nodded. “Never better. We’re just mingling, gonna have our little meeting here in a bit.”
Caroline’s eyebrows bunched into her face and she looked up at me. “Meeting?”
I smiled reassuringly down at her. “No worries. You’ll like it.”
My smile did not have the desired effect, as she still looked fretful, but didn’t say much else.
At the back of the house was a large rec room of sorts. There were chairs set up in a circle and most of the teens had already taken a seat. A few of them were standing around kind of watching from a distance. I recognized them as newcomers to the group.
“Wanna take a seat?” I asked Caroline as she again looked at me questioningly.
She shrugged slightly and deposited herself into an empty folding chair. I took the one next to her.
A girl named Ashley I’d seen here before began to speak. “Hello, friends, and all the new people, too.” She inclined her blonde head toward those standing. She had her hands clasped in front of her, resting on the front of her blue pantsuit. “My name is Ashley and I am glad you all showed up. Welcome to the accident victims support group. This is our fourth meeting and I’m glad to see we are still getting a good turnout.”
The group was silent as they waited for her to keep going.
“Please introduce yourself and tell us why you’re here.” She pointed at Adam, who was seated next to her.
Adam gave a small smile and a slight wave with his bulky arm. “Hi, y’all. I’m Adam. I was tackled so hard during our last game, my heart was injured, causing a heart attack during the play. It was scary there for a while.”
I could hear murmuring through the small group seated around.
The girl next to Adam began to speak and I recognized her. “I’m Shayne. I used to be a lifeguard at the Y, but I actually almost drowned while saving someone. The paramedics had to be called.” She smiled sheepishly and slid some blonde hair behind her ear. “It was quite embarrassing. Needless to say, I don’t lifeguard anymore.”
More murmurs from the crowd. I saw Adam place a hand on her shoulder.
Shayne looked to the boy sitting next to her. With his jet black hair and dark eyes, it made it hard to see his features in the dim lighting of the cabin. “My name is Josue.” He cleared his throat. “I was on my way home from the game – ironically the one where Adam here got hurt…” he pointed at Adam… “… and my dad had been drinking before he had come to get me. We smashed head-first into a guardrail and then flipped over. Our car landed in a ravine on the side of the interstate. My dad didn’t make it. I couldn’t believe I was able to crawl out.” He let out a breath. “It’s been a rough few months.”
A heavy silence fell over the group, and then the next person began to speak. Two more people told their sad tales, then it came to be Caroline’s turn. I was sitting next to her and gave her my most encouraging smile. She looked up and me and drew a big breath.
“I had just gotten my license. I was such a happy, carefree teenager. I made the mistake of checking my phone when it beeped. There was a huge bend in the road and I was looking at my phone. My car went off the highway and smashed head-first into a large oak tree. The car was totaled. I couldn’t believe I’d walked away. That was a few weeks ago. I haven’t really been the same since then.”
I heard a few gasps. I looked at Caroline and mouthed, “Good job.”
The party didn’t last much longer than that. Ashley had talked some about PTSD and the lasting effects of surviving a trauma, and we all kinda scattered and said we’d see each other on Monday at school.
I opened the passenger door for Caroline and as we drove off, a heavy silence filled the car.
“You okay?” I asked her, looking sideways at her.
She nodded, her head still facing the window. I couldn’t see her face but I would bet it was quite stoic at that point.
“Are you upset I brought you?” I asked, curious.
She turned to look at me, her eyes glistening. “No. I am glad I’m not alone with the accident trauma. I feel so bad for some of those kids, though. That poor guy who lost his dad.”
“Yes, they all have sad stories.”


CHAPTER 4

After I dropped her back off at her house, I went home, thinking about the evening, hoping I was helping or doing the right thing.
I walked into the house and dropped my keys on the entryway table. I immediately smelled something that made the hair stand up on the back of my neck.
I rounded the corner and saw my sister Karina placing a large bandage on my brother Raf’s arm. He was wincing in pain. His normally long-ish sleek black hair was out of its ponytail and ruffled, and his shirt was torn.
I went over to him and said, “Are you all right? I smell werewolf stench.”
He nodded. “Yep. I got attacked right as Zane and I got out of the car downtown.”
My eyes went wide. “A wolf attacked you in the middle of the city?”
“Yes, well the parking lot was dark, pitch black actually, and I saw him coming before he actually lunged. Zane pulled him off and snapped his neck. He was just a stupid kid, probably didn’t know what we were.”
Karina bit her lip and looked up at me with questioning eyes, seeming to mirror my thoughts.
I gently pulled her hand away so I could look at the injury. It was already starting to heal, but I could see a long scratch mark, deep in the skin, about twelve inches long. “What’s this gonna do to you? Ever been scratched or bit?”
He shook his head. “No, but I’ve heard the stories.”
What he was referring to was the stories about how a werewolf scratch can be lethal to a vampire. The younger ones usually didn’t survive, but Raf was over a hundred years old, so I could only hope for the best. What sucked was that we all knew he was going to get sick.
“How long is the sickness gonna last?”
“About five days,” Zane said from behind me.
I turned around in the chair and saw him walking toward us with his cell phone in his hand. He raked the other through his long blonde hair and blew out a breath.
“Is that what he said?” Raf asked, jutting his chin at the phone in Zane’s hand.
“Who?” I asked, my eyes flicking between them.
“I called Elliott,” Zane finished. Elliott had taken over for Amos, our vampire father, after he was killed, and still lived in New York. He was like a vampire uncle to us.
Zane continued, “He’s confident Raf’s old enough to heal. He says drinking from us and extra amounts of human blood will help him heal faster and keep the pain to a minimum.”
I shuddered. I wanted no part of Raf’s fangs in my neck or my wrist.
“What are we talking here, flu-like symptoms or what?” Karina asked, her blue eyes still wide.
Zane nodded. “Yes, basically, and pain at the scratch site.”
“But it already looks like it’s healing,” Karina said, pointing at it.
“Yes, it’ll heal fast but whatever poison that filthy animal had in his claws is now in Raf’s system. He’ll just have to work it out.”
I sighed and headed toward the staircase. “If you need anything, I’ll be in my room. If I can help, let me know.” I looked at Karina.
I closed my bedroom door and sat on my bed. It had hit me like a punch to the gut that something could happen to Raf. After losing Amos all those years ago, I hadn’t really gotten over it. It was still fresh and I couldn’t stand the thought of losing another father-figure. I would do anything to help Raf heal from this. I just felt bad he’d be suffering for the next few days.
I startled when my cell chirped with an incoming text. Digging it out of my pocket, I looked at the screen and saw Karina’s name:
Way to be supportive, asswipe!
I smiled a little, since she was like an angry kitten when she was mad, and I texted back:
I’m perfectly supportive, what do you want me to do?
Why was she texting me from downstairs anyway?
I shot off another text:
Get your red head up here if you want to talk. I’m not house-texting you.

She was at my door within a minute. She didn’t bother to knock. I stared at her with a cocky smirk on my mouth, and I saw a crease appear between her eyes. She hated my attitude.
She sat the edge of my queen-sized bed and raked a fingernail along the red and black stripes.
“Do you have something to say, little sister?”
She looked up with glassy eyes. “I’m scared, Dylan. What if Raf dies?”
“You don’t think I’ve been thinking the same thing?” I retorted.
She sighed heavily. “What are we gonna do?”
I laid a hand on her cool, pale arm, which was resting on her leg. “He’s not going to die, I think he’s strong enough to fight the virus, or venom, or whatever it is those stupid creatures can infect people with.”
She nodded and swiped at a stray tear that had trailed down her freckled cheek. She slid some red curls behind her ear and asked, “Why do you think the wolf scratch makes us so sick?”
I had been thinking about this, and after doing some of my own research a few months ago out of curiosity, I had read something interesting.
“I think it’s because when a wolf bites or scratches a normal human, it turns them into a wolf, it’s how they are transformed. Because we are what we are, our body’s natural healing ability is fighting their virus, or whatever it is, and makes us sick. Kind of like when humans get a virus and spike a fever and all that while they’re fighting it off. We can’t be turned into a wolf since we are already vampires, so our bodies rebel.”
She stared at me, a small amount of shock registering in her gaze until she attempted to correct it back to a neutral expression. She then narrowed her eyes at me. “I can’t believe all that information came out of your tiny brain.”
“Bite me,” I said.
She snorted. “I could do some damage.”
“Oh, okay, little kitten.”
She punched my arm. “I’m gonna go out tonight for once.”
Karina rarely went out at night, whereas my brothers and I usually trolled the night, looking for dinner.
I turned my head and looked at her. “Beware of wolves.”
“Real ones, or just the players who hang out at the clubs downtown?”
I laughed. “Both.”
“Are you coming?”
I nodded. “Yeah, I’m hungry.”
I slid my phone back into my pocket and hip checked her as I flipped off the light. “So what made you want to go out tonight?”
We walked down the stairs and I grabbed the Mustang keys from the table. “I want to feed good so I can help Raf in case he needs my blood.”
I nodded. I figured it had something to do with that. I peered into the dining room and saw Zane and Raf at the table. Raf was covered in a thin sheen of sweat and dark rings had already begun forming under his eyes. He and Zane were having a conversation.
“I think you should get him upstairs,” I said to Zane.
He looked up at me and grinned, his silvery eyes sparkling. “Oh, I completely agree. But the stubborn mule says he’s fine.”
Karina stomped her foot and leveled eye-daggers at Raf. “You are so not fine, not in any shape or form!”
Raf grinned weakly at Karina and said nothing.
I looked at Zane, who nodded back at me. I smacked my keys into Karina’s hand and we both went on either side of Raf and lifted him under his arms and carried him upstairs. He tried to weakly object but he was no match for us. His skin was warm to the touch, which actually meant it was feverish since our skin is normally very cold. He felt like a human but smelled like a wolf.
We took him to the bathroom and I started the shower. I put the temp on lukewarm and Zane stripped him down and put him in. Raf groaned a little as his brother put him under the shower and scrubbed him quickly, but we had to get all that blood and wolf stink off of him.
After Zane had dried him off and dressed him, we put him in bed and Zane said, “You go out, I’ll stay here. I just fed last night, I’m good.”
I nodded and told him I’d have my phone if anything came up. I headed back down the stairs where Karina was waiting for me.
“Is he okay?”
I blew out a breath. “For now.”


CHAPTER 5

A week later, I was in front of Caroline’s house, waiting to take her back to the cabin in the woods for some more therapy. I wasn’t sure why I even did it; why I even cared about these human kids. I suppose it was something to pass the time, especially now that I knew we’d be moving to Dallas soon. I wanted to help them, then tell them goodbye. They would all have places they needed to be, just as I would soon. They had to move on eventually, and I hoped they got stronger as they did.
I thought about Karina’s comment from last week when we were out on the town, prowling for dinner at a local dive bar. She had nudged me in the ribs with her bony elbow. “You like that Caroline girl, don’t you?”
I had shaken my head. “No, it’s really not like that.”
“Oh, come on. You’re always hanging out with her.”
I had tried numerous times to explain to my sister that Caroline was just a friend, and I didn’t feel that way about her. I couldn’t feel that way about her; I couldn’t afford to, and neither could she. There was no future for us, and we both knew it. I think Karina knew it, too, but she loved giving me shit.
“Oh, another dream date at the cabin in the woods,” Caroline said dryly, breaking me out of my memory. The Mustang crunched over dead leaves and came to a stop. As usual, there were multiple cars parked around the property, but the walkway was littered with tons of brown, dead leaves.
“Of course, it’s good for you. Therapeutic.” I grinned sideways at her.
She just shook her head and let me lead her inside.
The teens were standing around mingling and all smiled and waved as we walked in. For the first time, I noticed that a lot of the furniture in the cabin was covered in plastic and had dust on it. There was one sofa uncovered, but the rest of it looked unused. I wondered what these kids did here on weekends, but I figured they just talked and mingled with each other. As I looked around, I noticed about a dozen or so of them. Who I didn’t see was Adam.
As Ashley called the meeting to order, we all sat down and she began speaking.
“I’m so glad you all made it tonight. To the new people, I’m Ashley Graves. If you’re comfortable, please introduce yourself.”
A heavy silence fell over the group until a small blonde girl who looked about fifteen spoke up. A small smile curved up on the side of her mouth. “Hi, I’m Katelyn. I heard about this group from my friend Shayne.” She pointed to her right. “Last week, my house burned down. It was awful.” Her voice hitched and I could tell she was fighting back tears. “The smoke, it was horrific. I was coughing and I think at one point I passed out from smoke inhalation. But I did eventually make it out and here I am.”
Ashley looked disturbed. “Did your family make it out?” she asked.
“Yes, we’re all staying at my grandma’s for now, but everyone is kind of ignoring me. I think they’re all traumatized and depressed over losing the house.”
Ashley nodded. “Well, that is certainly understandable.”
A couple more people went on to tell horrific stories of accidents they’d been in, and then a couple other people talked about their week and what they’d been doing to cope.
After the meeting was over, I walked over to Shayne and said hi.
She smiled up me. “Well hello, Mr. Silver.”
I dipped my head to the side, confused. “Mr. Silver?”
She giggled. “Your eyes, they’re the color of liquid silver.”
I grinned. “So I’ve been told.”
I paused a beat, then asked, “So, where’s Adam?”
He face went serious. “You know, I asked the same thing. Ashley said he’d moved on. He didn’t need the group anymore and was on to bigger and better things.”
I smiled a little to myself, happy for him. “Thanks for letting me know.”
I wanted to pat Shayne on her slender shoulder but then I saw Caroline, who was talking to the new girl, Katelyn. I inclined my head toward the door and she walked over to me.
“I think I’m gonna stay a while longer. Is that okay?”
I grinned a little and said, “Absolutely. Text or call me if you need a ride.”
“I will, but I’m sure someone here can help me out. Or I may just stay here. I really like it here.”
“I’m really glad. You have a lot in common with these people.”
She smiled and slid some sleek, black hair behind her ear. “I feel a connection with them.”
I looked right into her chocolate gaze. “You should.”
She smiled and turned her attention back to Katelyn.
I left, closing the door behind me, satisfied I’d done my good deed.

***

Monday at school, I met Caroline at our usual table. She seemed much happier than her usual melancholy self, and I asked her why she was so cheery.
“I’m really liking the friends I’ve made at the cabin. They’re all so nice and we have so much in common.”
“Good to hear. You should. You do have a lot in common. I hope you make some good friends there.”
She nodded, but said nothing else.
“So who ended up giving you a ride back Friday night?” I asked, curious.
She bit back a grin, then chewed her bottom lip. “His name is Brennan Dale.”
I raised an eyebrow. “Really? And is he nice?”
She nodded emphatically. “Very.”
“What’s his story?” I asked, even though I already knew Brennan’s story, because I was the one who befriended him after his accident six months ago and brought him to the cabin. I was curious to see what he had told her.
“He was in a car accident, like me.”
That was true, it was front page news of this little town. “So you two have that in common.”
“Yup.”
There was a pause and I looked up at the cloudy sky to make sure the sun wasn’t anywhere around. I pulled my jacket tighter around me and the baseball cap down further onto my head in case any sunrays decided to make an escape from their cloudy prison.
“There’s one thing I don’t understand, though,” Caroline said so quietly, I almost didn’t hear her. But of course I did, because I have awesome hearing. Almost too awesome… it’s sometimes annoying.
“What’s that?” I asked.
She blew out a breath and rested her chin on her hands. “It seems like all the people I met, all those accident victims, all their families seem to be ignoring them, like mine. I just thought my parents were pissed at me for texting and driving and totaling their car, but these other kids… their parents should be showering them with affection. But they’re not.”
I nodded. I was hoping I wasn’t going to have to be the one to break it to her. I was hoping she would have figured it out herself. No such luck, it seemed.
“Caroline, have you ever seen any of those kids eat or drink anything when you go to the cabin?”
Her brows dipped in thought as she stared at the wood grain of the picnic table. Her eyes flicked back to mine. “Now that you mention it, no.”
“When was the last time you ate anything?”
She also seemed to think, then she lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “I can’t remember. I haven’t been hungry.”
I got up and came around the table, sitting close to her. I made a motion like I was brushing a stray strand of silky black hair from her forehead. She looked up at me, confused. “How come I can’t feel that?”
I took a deep breath. “Caroline, sweetie. You’re dead. You died a few weeks ago in that accident.”
Tears filled her eyes and spilled over onto her cheeks as a hand flew to her mouth. I wished I could wipe them away but I couldn’t touch her. I never have been able to.
“All the kids at the cabin, they’re all dead. That place is kind of like a transition period before moving on. Notice how Adam was gone from last week’s meeting? He’s moved on.”
She shook her head. “No, it can’t be. It just can’t. This can’t be right.”
I looked her in the eyes again. “Caroline, your reaction is totally normal. Denial is the first reaction. You’re gonna go through the rest of the stages of grief too – depression, anger, and acceptance. That’s what the group is for.”
“You said Adam moved on. Moved on to where?” she asked, sniffling.
I shook my head. “I actually have no idea where they go after they’ve ‘moved on’ – heaven or whatever, I suppose.”
“Oh, my God.” I could see the wheels spinning in her mind. As things began to come together in her mind, I could tell she was coming to grips with what I was telling her.
She looked up at me, sad eyes breaking my heart. “How come you can see me? Talk to me?”
I smiled sheepishly. “I’m a vampire.”
With that, she let out a humorless laugh. “Get out!”
“I’m serious. Vampires and werewolves can see ghosts. Nobody else can, though.”
She looked around. “Are there any other vampires at this school?” I got the feeling she was mocking me, not quite believing me.
I answered her honestly. “I don’t think so, but there is a werewolf in our history class. If he doesn’t stop mad-dogging me, I’m gonna kick his ass.”
Her eyes got big. “Who is it?”
“John Lange.”
“Get out!” she said again, and I laughed.
“Why do you think I have no friends here either? To everyone on this campus, I’m sitting here talking to myself. They all think I’m crazy.”
She nodded and her face grew serious again. “I just don’t think I can accept this.”
“You have to, Caroline. And when you’re ready, you’ll move on, just like Adam and a bunch of other kids I knew there.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Did you just call us all kids? How old are you?”
I bit back a smile. “I’m forty-eight… I think. I try to keep count but it’s kind of irrelevant.”
Her hand flew to her mouth. “Ew. You’re older than my dad.”
I smiled again. “I’m sure.”
Another blanket of silence covered us and then the bell rang. She made to get up and go to class, then stopped. “I guess it’s kinda stupid for me to go back to class. This explains why the teacher ignores me when I raise my hand.”
I nodded. “Yes. I’ll drive you to the cabin.”
She smiled. “I’d like that.”

***

I dropped her off, walked her inside, and said my hellos to everyone. For whatever reason, Caroline was surprised to see the teens there during the day, but she quickly figured out that this was where they lived. They were all just waiting to move on.
I looked into her eyes and told her goodbye, knowing I wouldn’t see her again. We were moving in a few days and I would have new things to deal with once we got to Texas.
Raf had made a full recovery in four days from his werewolf scratch, but things had been kinda scary on day three. He started having convulsions and seizures, and Karina flipped out. We now think it was his fever breaking, because the next day he seemed so much better. I shuddered again at the thought and was glad I was away from that animal John Lange in my history class and hoped I didn’t run into werewolves in Texas.
Even though I knew better. Texas was werewolf central.
Freakin’ wonderful.

THE END



Author’s note:
Thank you for reading my short story, Unseen. If you liked it, you will enjoy another short story by me called “Violent” in a book called “Blood Bites: Three Vampire Tales” – this is free everywhere e-books are sold and continues the story of Dylan, Karina, and their family in Texas.
If you connected with the story, myself and the other authors would love if you’d leave a review on Amazon or wherever you got this book from. It really helps out. Thank you, and happy reading!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR:
C.J. is a west coast native who has lived on both coasts and now lives near the middle, in Colorado! Coming from a family of writers and editors, she feels writing is in her blood and hopes people will lose themselves for a little while in the fantasy and fun of her stories. She also loves sweet red wine, the SF 49ers, and unlike most authors, doesn't have any cats. When she's not writing, she can be found chasing around her kids or working at her day job, which she totally feels interferes with life, but it also sometimes gives her inspiration for her books, since reality usually is way more interesting than fiction.
She also loves getting notifications that people have sent her an email, added her on Facebook, or on Goodreads. So stop by and say hi - don't be shy! She's not! :)
cjpinardauthor@gmail.com
http://cjpinard.com/
https://www.facebook.com/CJPinardAuthor?ref=hl
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6565787.C_J_Pinard

OTHER BOOKS BY C.J. PINARD:
Enchanted Immortals (Book #1)
Enchanted Immortals 2: The Vortex
Enchanted Immortals 3: The Vampyre
Enchanted Immortals 4: The Vixen
BSI: Bureau of Supernatural Investigation (An Enchanted Immortals Novella)
Patriotic Duty (When Riley Met Cara #1)
Tour of Duty (When Riley Met Cara #2)
Three of a Kind: Tales of Luck, Chance & Misfortune (short story collaboration)
Summer Sizzle: Stories of Love, Lust, and Passion (short story collaboration)
Tidal Wave: Tales of Deep Passion (When Riley Met Cara – A Short) (short story collaboration)
Blood Bites: Three Vampire Tales (short story collaboration)
Unscathed (A contemporary romance collaboration with Tim O’Rourke)

Coming soon:
Beneath Broken (contemporary romance)
Soul Rebel (Paranormal Romance)
The Lunar Effect (werewolf saga)
Daughters of Darkness: Lotus (vampire collaboration)

All books available on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo, iTunes, and Smashwords.

Treasured Secrets
Book One of the Coveted Saga

Published by C.M. Owens at Smashwords

Text copyright 2014 by Christie M Owens

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places, events, or incidents are products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to places or incidents is purely coincidental.

*Some content may not be suitable for readers under the age of sixteen.
 Chapter 1

Away From Home

Home is where the heart is, but what happens to the heart when the home is gone?

"Aria Weislen, you'd better not still be in bed!" Ash, my sister, yelled at me before crashing through my bedroom door.
Her cheeks were puffed, her eyes were angry, and her irritation was quite comical. I laughed at her, which only infuriated her all the more.
"Chill," I grumbled while climbing out from under the covers. "I won't take long to get ready."
She rolled her eyes and released a breath of exasperation. Her bobbed black hair bristled softly as she silently cursed me with the simple shaking of her head.
I strolled past her, out of the room, and into the bathroom to start the shower.
"Aria, you have to start school tomorrow. You've yet to acquire ninety percent of your needs. Your procrastination is giving me an ulcer. There's no more delaying the inevitable."
I huffed as I finished stripping down and climbed into the shower. As I shut the curtain, I heard Ash plop down on the countertop of the vanity. She apparently had no intentions of letting me out of her sight today.
I'd managed to put off starting school for an extra month, though it was a painstakingly dramatic endeavor. My relentless parents finally forced me out here to Grayford, Massachusetts, and I had to leave behind the only home I'd ever known, just like all four of my siblings, while Mom and Dad stayed behind to finish up their research.
"How long did it take you to get used to... all this?" I asked while lathering my hair, holding back the tremble in my voice.
Ash sighed, her anger subsiding as the sweet sister within her came out of hiding.
"A while. It's not so bad though, Aria. It's different - very different - but it's really nice. At least there's electricity here." We both chuckled, though a slight sniffle marred my amusement. "Haluali will always be home, but soon this will feel like another home."
I doubted that. I felt like an imposition living with my estranged grandparents. It was an odd arrangement to say the least. After being here for five days, I still hadn't really bonded with Iris or George. They were lovely, don't get me wrong, but they were still strangers I barely knew.
For some bizarre reason, my mother - Jaslene - and my father - Alvin - found it necessary to send all of us off to live with Iris and George. They wanted us to have a senior year in the states - a real American school.
Yep. At the ripe old age of seventeen, I'd been booted out of the nest.
"The sun is different here. The sounds, the trees, the air... everything is different. I wish I had more time to adjust before getting tossed into a school full of people I don't care to meet."
Haluali was a small village which was kept secret from the world, or so it seemed. It was close to Brazil, but far enough away to keep anyone from finding it by accident. It was the hideaway most only ever dreamed about.
I spent so much time wandering through the rainforest that seemed to know me as well as I knew it. My sketchbooks were loaded with all the drawings the leafy giants and sparkling waterfalls had inspired. It was all I had left anymore - memories and drawings.
The trees... Oh, I missed the trees. The glorious giants back home did their best to touch the sky. They'd lace together, twist and turn, even grow into one another with their feral will. Here... The trees were militant and strategically planted in most places. The wild was lost, for these short little twigs had been domesticated.
Nothing felt the same, and I simply felt lost.
Ash held her tongue, cautiously planning her words out so as not to make me cry as I had for the past few days. I hated crying. Nothing infuriated me more, and until this ridiculous move, I'd rarely ever done such a thing.
As I climbed free from the shower and wrapped up in my towel, I met the softened eyes of my worried sister.
"It'll be okay, Aria. We're all here for you." Then she offered me a menacing grin. "In fact, Jay and Gear are going with us today."
I groaned at the mere mention of my brothers joining us for any reason. Gear wasn't so bad, but Jay - though I loved him - enjoyed embarrassing the crap out of me every chance he got.
"Don't you guys have jobs or something? Lives, perhaps?"
She laughed while shaking her head, and then she moved behind me to start combing through my hair.
"We're all working for the family business, you know. It gives us some perks, meaning we get to ensure our youngest sister goes to school, has all she needs, and enjoys her limited days as an American teenager before she's a woman."
"It's boring here," I grumbled under my breath, making Ash shake her head in frustration.
"That's because you've been hulled up in your room for days on end."
"That's because there's nothing to do. Iris... I mean... Grandma refuses to let me go anywhere without one of you, and there's nothing but fences and pale flowers inside the gates. I swear she thinks we're royalty or something."
Ash chuckled, making me eye her with contempt.
"There's so much more here to do than in Haluali."
Not for me there wasn't. I missed my rainforest, and the sad autumn woods around here only grew in random patches that hadn't been overrun by inhabitants of the human variety. The leaves were gone, leaving all the limbs naked and shivering with each wind. It seemed so... wrong. I traded over my raving green beauty to live in a patchy nest of sickly woods.
"Have you read any of the stuff I brought you? About the town? The state? The frigging country?" she asked, her melodrama back in play.
I glanced at one of the books she had brought over. It was sitting on top of the vanity, forgotten, just as the rest.
"It's the same stuff I've already read... since you think like Mom," I teased, relishing the fury sparking in her eyes.
"Ha," she mumbled.
"The only thing that piqued my interest was the witches. Other than that, this place is too dull," I said after a spell of silence, trying to make her laugh.
Apparently this town was once a hotspot for witches, according to all the numerous urban legends. It's funny how wild a person's imagination can run. In the few days I'd been here, I had heard more stories of witchcraft than I thought possible. Everyone who came to visit my socialite grandparents had a story to tell. It's as though they believed it, caught up in the thrall of the fables meant for children.
Her eyebrow cocked up, and a smirk spread over her perky lips. "Oh don't worry. You'll see witches everywhere you go."
The drama in her tone made a giggle bubble out of me unbidden, and we both chuckled together.

By the end of the day, I was ready to knock Jay's teeth down his throat. He snickered as he put me back down after having carried me over his shoulder down the stairs of the mall. My face was red, partially because all the blood had rushed to my head, but mostly because I was so furious with the laughing beast of a brother.
"You're such a jerk," I grumbled as he wrapped his arm around me.
"I've just missed you. Get over it."
I rolled my eyes as I leaned against him, slowly losing the urge to slap him upside the head. My eyes trailed left suddenly, and I saw something that made me stammer in my footing.
Jay chuckled as he steadied me, but I forgot my brother even existed. Dark hair, icy blue eyes, and a smile no one should possess were all attached to one perfect creature. My heart almost fluttered out of my chest.
What's wrong with me?
The unknown guy glided with effortless grace toward a tall, stocky guy, and the two of them leaned over a railing as they spoke. His red shirt, dark jeans, and too-perfect body all worked to create a masterpiece on a canvas.
"Aria! Hello!" Jay yelled obnoxiously, acting as if he had been trying to get my attention forever.
I actually jumped a little when the sound resonated, stealing me from my trance. He tilted his head, and then his eyes went back in the direction where my gaze had drifted. Fortunately, the unknown guy was already gone.
"Aria. Jay," Aster, my oldest sister, said as she joined us.
We turned to face her, and she shoved about ten bags into my brother's hands.
"Da... ng," Jay stammered, catching himself before he cursed, acting as though I was nine instead of seventeen.
"I know, right?" Aster said through a giggle. "Ash has lost all self control. You should see all the bags Gear is carrying."
I groaned inwardly when I saw my eldest brother and his collection of shopping bags. He shook his head, obviously irritated, as he neared us.
"Next time, I'll stay with Aria, and you can deal with Ash," Gear griped, his eyes narrowing at Jay.
I couldn't help but laugh, and Jay joined me. Gear was the oldest and the most irritable. Aster was the next oldest and the most maternal. Jay was right in the middle of us five, and he was the cockiest. Then Ash. Oh boy. Ash was the baby for a while before I was born, and she was definitely the most excitable.
"What's everyone talking about?" Ash asked while walking up, credit card in hand as though she needed it for a speedy purchase.
"Shopaholic," Jay teased.
She rolled her eyes, but I became distracted from the conversation when I saw someone familiar. It was Selesha, Jay's Southern Belle friend who had come with him to Haluali the last time he visited. I had thought she was his girlfriend, but neither would confirm nor deny. Instead, she said she was there to protect him. I remember laughing so hard it hurt.
"Selesha's here," I murmured, pointing with my eyes.
"Selesha?" Jay asked, a lilt to his voice. "I thought they sent Mc-"
"Selesha," Gear called, interrupting Jay and waving her over. His eyes scolded Jay for some reason, and oddly enough, my cocky brother backed down. So weird.
She jogged toward us with a salacious grin on her face, her eyes only finding one focus. Gross.
Jay blushed and three of my bags fell to the ground when he forgot to hold onto them. Ash let out a harsh breath, growling almost, and she scooped up the fallen.
"He's all drool and Jell-o now," Ash retorted. "Thanks, Selesha."
Jay growled at Ash, but she walked away, dragging me behind her as the sparks flew between the sweet southern girl and my dissolving brother. What was Jay going to say? Why did Gear look mad?
Before I could seek answers, I saw that same guy again, and I started feeling as goofy and ridiculous as I had witnessed Jay act. My lips parted, my heart fluttered, and this hoard of butterflies slammed into my stomach in waves of repetition. He was alone this time. The stocky guy had disappeared, and now this masterpiece was talking on a phone, oblivious to me. Who was he?
Right as we were seconds away from being close, Ash violently veered my path. At the last possible second, my eyes found his, and I thought I was going to unravel. All it took was a split second to become putty.
I was starting to realize how completely inexperienced I was. Everyone prepared me for my life here through books and lectures. I passed my driver's test, got my license, and even managed to excel. I had studied all the month's worth of work I'd missed at school, and I was ready to face the scholarly challenge. I'd been given makeup sessions, hairstyling courses, and lessons on matching my attire.
I was prepared for everything... I thought.
Chapter 2

Dealing With the New

Change is hard for everyone, but change is necessary to truly live and grow.

As the night descended upon us, the rough, exhausting day seemed to be over. We rose from the table at the restaurant and started to leave, when I saw that same beautiful guy I had seen at the mall. My heart sunk when I saw the girl he was with.
Her arm was linked with his, and she was smiling as her silky blonde, almost white hair flowed to her waist. She looked a little older, possibly early twenties. I thought he was closer to my age.
"What're we looking at?" Gear asked while tossing his arm across my shoulders as everyone started heading out to the vehicles.
"Not... nothing," I said with a tremble.
I swallowed hard, trying not to let my eyes gawk any longer. I turned to him just as his wife, Olivia strolled up to his side. She smiled warmly at me. She was petite, much like the rest of us. Her golden ringlet hair was soft and bouncy.
"You look like you're ready to start school," Olivia said with her gentle grin. "New hair, new clothes, new shoes... new you."
Ash had murdered my long hair that had reached my waist. Now it barely draped past my shoulders. My clothes.... ugh. I wasn't used to the tight jeans with purposely placed gashes and fray. They're brand new and look to be years old. Apparently aged denim was a fashion statement - though I had no idea what statement it could possibly make.
The shirts were either really tight or flowing and loose - nothing in between. Tonight, Ash had put me in a white shirt that fell from one shoulder. Again, no clue as to why this was fashion. It seemed like someone messed up on the pattern and made one sleeve too long.
"Yeah. A new me," I said through a hoarse whisper.
My eyes drifted back to the guy. He was heading toward the game room attached to the restaurant. I just wanted to... I don't know what I wanted to do.
As Selesha and Jay walked by, I turned back to Gear.
"Can I meet you outside? I just need to use the restroom," I lied.
"Sure. You can ride back with us."
I nodded and headed toward the restrooms, but as soon as they exited, I changed course and headed into the game room.
What am I doing? What am I thinking?
An array of mixed emotions swirled around and tormented me as I sought to find answers for my irrational behavior. Without my permission, my eyes sought him out of their own accord.
"Oh this is stupid," I mumbled when I couldn't find him. Had I gone crazy?
I turned around and slammed into something that smelled like heaven, felt like a rock, and burned me through to my core. I gasped, taken aback from the colliding onslaught of sensations.
Icy blue eyes stared into mine, and my heart tried to leap into my throat. My legs became rubber, doing their best to fold beneath me.
"Excuse me," he murmured with a smirk, letting his delicious voice find my wanting ears.
My mouth dried, words refused to form, and my attempt to look like anything but a fool failed miserably.
"E...ex...cuu...s..." Yep. Pathetic. I know. But that's all I could muster. My IQ plummeted in that instant, and I became an unintelligible ball of mush.
He smiled bashfully then, apparently realizing I was gawking shamelessly. I couldn't stop though.
"You okay?" he asked after a few seconds of uncomfortable silence, and I blushed fiercely, still unable to speak anything of any sense.
A squeak left my lips in place of the words I wanted to say, and he chuckled lightly.
"Okay then. I need to get back to my family," he said softly, smiling as he passed me by.
A lost opportunity crumbled before me, and I shivered in his wake. How did I just manage to completely unravel and humiliate myself?
I turned to see him joining the slim blonde and the stocky male from earlier, and he glanced over his shoulder at me. Family? Does that mean she's his sister or cousin? Why the crap do I care?
Growing more and more frustrated with myself, I finally forced my eyes to tear away. I headed outside to see Gear on his way back in.
"There you are. I was getting worried."
I noticed Aster and her husband were still there as well, but I didn't know why.
"Sorry. I thought I'd check out the game room for a second. Aster and Chris waiting, too?"
He glanced their way, and then turned his eyes back to me.
"Yeah. Let's get back home."
Home. It sounded like such a foreign and meaningless word here. It still didn't feel like home. I missed Haluali.
When we pulled up to the massive home, I groaned loudly, which provoked a chuckle from Gear and Olivia. There were cars everywhere.
"Really? She's going to have a party this late?"
"It's only seven," Olivia said, shrugging.
"It's customary to see in the new by inviting over all the old," Gear muttered, offering me a wink.
"Great. Let's throw the antisocial hermit into the middle of the socialites."
Gear coughed out a laugh, and then he shook his head.
"You'll do fine. Besides, you're about to be in a school. A real school. You need the socialization. Consider it practice for tomorrow.

"There you are," Iris said as she sat down beside me, joining me on my bed.
I had slipped out of the party and made my way to the room. Too many people down there liked hugging, and I wasn't much of one for being touched by strangers. It was easy to avoid both of my grandparents, considering the third floor of the house could have been an apartment and it was all mine.
"Hey," I murmured meekly, staring at the photos of my old home.
She sighed out hard and took one of the pictures to study herself. "I know you miss it, but it will get better. I promise."
I held back the teetering tears and slapped on my brave, unaffected face the best I could. I hated feeling offensive, and I'm sure Iris and George both thought I was an ungrateful brat.
"It's just an adjustment," I muttered dismissively, though the strain in my throat sold me out.
Her aged, soft hand grabbed mine, and she stroked my cheek with her other. Since I'd been there, this was the closest we'd sat. She actually felt like a grandmother at that moment.
"Arisianna," she said softly, using my full name like only my mother did. "Change is hard for everyone, but it's necessary to grow and live. One day, you'll understand all this. For now... how about a story?"
That piqued my interest. In Haluali, there was storytelling at least once a week. There were stories of magic, powers, unfathomable darkness and beguiling light. I was curious what sort of story Iris would tell. It had become obvious she was just as superstitious as my old tribe.
"Sure. What sort of story?" I asked, leaning forward.
Oddly enough, it was the first time I'd felt comfortable at Bradbury Manor. Some semblance of home came with the simple promise of a story.
"One of magic, of course. One about us. Our family. Our legacy. Knowing where you come from helps you discover where you're going."
I chuckled lightly. Magic. Iris was so eccentric that I believed she really did swallow the possibility of real magic. Nevertheless, I loved the stories that were wrapped around the impossibility.
"So we have magic?" I asked, secretly teasing her.
She smiled, and for a second, I swear I saw crescent moons in her eyes. I blinked furiously, trying to see if it was real. Apparently my tears had glazed over my eyes enough to play with my vision because the moons were gone.
"Magic surrounds us all."
And so it began. I heard of Isis Bradbury, the first conductor for magic. A woman with a pure light and a warm heart who fought against the dark forces of Dramus Craymon and his men. The dark forces were draining witches of their essences, stealing their strength before they gained their immortality.
Isis found her soul mate, Merlin, who then became the first mortal to achieve immortality. The pair became two swords for the same cause - keep the innocent safe.
Life or death has a way of putting things into perspective, and it's necessary to have in any good story, so Iris's story certainly poured on the consequences, making it sublimely enthralling.
I hung on the edge of my seat as she spoke with the drama needed to push the story over the edge. My heart thudded with each description of the powerful magic beings she presented with such conviction. My breath was stolen when she spoke of the wars and deaths that came with them.
Blazers who controlled fire. Electrics who shot out streaks of powerful energy. Healers who saved and took life in the same breath. Elementals who controlled the winds, the waters, the earth itself. Drainers who stole your memories and left you in a heap of lost confusion. Shape shifters called changers who betrayed the good force to be in league with the dark. It was amazing.
Soul mates and destiny. Ah. It was a romance and a suspenseful tale in one. Allora, Dramus's soul mate, was killed to weaken him, but he ran instead of fighting to save her. Merlin loved Isis too much to desert her. They were stronger together because of their bond. It was enough to make me sigh in dreamy bliss.
Dramus was the best villain I'd ever heard of, and Isis was the most sensational heroine I'd ever envisioned. One thing was for certain, Grandma Iris new how to tell a story.
But the exciting story turned sad, stealing my breath with a painful resolve as it came to a close. Tears filled my grandmother's eyes as she stared off into space. It almost seemed like a memory instead of an old fable. Her voice cracked, her breath rattled, and her body tensed as she uttered the last few words.
"Merlin fell, along with three of Isis's children. It seemed as though Dramus would win the war. But then Isis threw herself at Dramus, surprising everyone. She latched on, and then the darkness lit up with the explosion that ensued.
"A powerful eruption threw them all back, and it decimated the remaining followers Dramus had with him. The scales had been tipped, the war was over, and the light had won, but the cost was grave. Only two of her children survived, and Isis and Merlin were no more."

Ashes littered the air, and a blazing battlefield roared with dark figures swarming all around. Bright, blinding lights surrounded a indefinably beautiful woman whose name I did not know.
She had exquisitely long blonde hair, and she was filled with the utmost grace and elegance, despite the war that was raging on around her. She was fighting against the dark atrocious shadow soldiers that were thundering toward her with a vicious, insatiable appetite for destruction and death.
They were soulless and merciless as they obliterated all those blocking their path to her. The undeniable pungent smell of death surrounded them as they continued on with their terrifyingly ferocious attack. The monsters only seemed to grow as they made their way toward her.
Rain pounded on them all like downward flying daggers as the battle grew more fierce between the monsters and the woman. She was throwing swirling blue fire and streaks electricity at them. She was bending the wind to do her will as it pushed against the dark forces like an impenetrable wall.
It was almost like watching a dance as she leapt from place to place, launching her attacks. She was so amazingly agile as the power flowed through her with such indescribable intensity. She flew through them almost effortlessly, it seemed.
Then the darkest shadow of them all stood before her suddenly. He was the epitome of evil itself, and he destroyed everything around her with one massively destructive blow.
She screamed and cried out in agonizing pain when it seemed all had been lost. She threw herself at him and a colossal blinding white light suddenly erupted into the air with a deafening boom as the earth rattled beneath it.
Very slowly, the smoke began to settle. The light gradually faded until it was gone. There was still a slight bit of smoke obstructing my view when the woman finally turned back around, but it was no longer her… it was me, and I spoke through an echoed tone.
"Save them all."
Chapter 3

School and ... Boys

You only get one chance to make a first impression.

The alarm buzzed in my ear with such deafening and terrifying annoyance. I actually fell out of bed from the startling panic it had created. I felt foolish as I climbed to my feet and turned it off.
I never had to use an alarm before. It was a horrible little invention. Who wants to be scared awake?
My wild dream had left me restless for the rest of the night. No more bedtime stories from Iris on a school night.
I got ready, wearing the ensemble that Aster and Ash had laid out for me. Then I went and applied my makeup, just as I had been instructed to do. I wondered idly if Iris was going to drive me or let me drive one of their vehicles.
As I made it down the stairs, everyone was waiting for me.
"Do you guys ever go home?" I asked to my siblings.
They all chuckled as they came to stand behind Iris and George. "We had to see this," Jay said, a big smile on his face.
"See what? Me on my first day of school? That's so... embarrassing."
They all chuckled and shook their heads.
"We have a surprise for you," Iris said, sounding giddy.
"A surprise? Grandma, you've done enough. More than enough. I think you've spent more money on me than most people make in a year."
"That's what happens when I have a lifetime to make up for."
I huffed slightly, considering I hated feeling on display. I studied the crescent moon in the center of the eye that was etched into the fennel on the banner of the staircase. It seemed like a good focus point while they all gawked at me.
"Come on, girl," George said excitedly, startling me.
"Oh," I murmured, not realizing the surprise they spoke of was elsewhere.
I warily followed them outside, uncertain about what was going on, until I saw a BMW SUV with a bright red bow tied on top of it. A gasp followed my realization, and I whipped around while shaking my head.
"I can't. It's too much."
"You can and you will," George said with a wide grin. He looked like a child at Christmas right then.
"This had to have cost a fortune. Don't give me a car. Give me a bus pass or something."
They both chuckled, seeming wildly amused by my adamant refusal of such a lavish gift. George continued on as though this wasn't an absurd gift.
"You've spent too long in the jungle, it seems. This is what grandparents are supposed to do - spoil their grandchildren. You should feel like a princess. Now, let's eat some breakfast before you head off."
My jaw remained unhinged. The two of them were the craziest pair in the world to be giving me something this expensive. I barely had my driver's license. I'd only ever driven on old narrow dirt roads in the rust bucket jeep we had in Haluali.
Jay clapped my back too forcefully, which threw me forth, and Chris - Aster's husband - caught me at the last second before I flew off the porch.
"Easy, Jay!" Aster scolded.
I coughed on a new breath, surprised by what the hell had just happened.
"Shi... I mean, shoot. Sorry, Aria. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to-"
"It's fine," I mumbled, ignoring the burning handprint on my back. "Ease off the steroids though."
Everyone chuckled uneasily, and a slight awkwardness settled in the air as we made our way back inside.
"You okay?" Jay asked sincerely, regret in his eyes. "I didn't mean to do that so hard. I was just going to slap you on the back... a congratulatory thing."
"I'm fine. Stop treating me like I'm so fragile."
Of course, I felt pretty fragile right then. It wasn't exactly common to have someone knock the wind out of me.
Normalcy resumed when Ash and Jay began bickering. That's one thing I didn't miss when they moved out. They left almost the exact same time to come back to the states, even though Jay was a year older. Ash was eager, not resistant like me.
Iris finally brought the annoying argument to a halt by separating them as though they were children. I laughed while walking over to Jay. I studied the newlyweds, both sets. Aster and Chris were lost in a silent conversation as they stared into one another's eyes. Gear and Olivia were resting in each other's embrace while swaying lightly to an unheard melody. It seemed so natural.
"So, when you getting married, hot shot?" I asked Jay, nudging him playfully and instantly regretting it when my elbow tried to crack against his steeled ribs.
"Ha! You're funny. I'm in no hurry, there, jungle girl. I like my sweet little bachelor life." He put his head down, bashfully grinning. His dimples showed with so much definition when he smiled.
Ash snorted. "Yeah, he thinks he's a real stud," she said sardonically while rolling her eyes and drinking a sip of coffee. Then with even more sarcasm, she continued, "Not trying to say that his ego may be a little overly inflated or anything."
Jay scoffed, casually brushing off her insult. "Yeah, well, I do have Bradbury genes, and Weislen, too - makes it hard for the ladies to keep their hands to themselves. I guess the men don't care too much though, because they sure haven't been beating down your door."
Jay started laughing so hard that his body was shaking from it. Then he ducked quickly as a biscuit when zooming over his head. It missed him and splattered against the wall.
"Ashiara, clean that up right now," Iris admonished, chiming in to end the playfully heated argument between Ash and Jay.
Then Iris turned her attention to Jay. "Jaymondian, you shouldn't be so cavalier about your love life. And you shouldn't tease your sister. She's waiting on the ideal guy for her. Soul mates are important, you know." Her eyebrows were raised to complement her scolding tone.
"Yeah, well, I don't know if anyone could deal with her melodramatic attitude, so she may be waiting a while." Jay couldn't resist getting the last word in as he laughed at Ash who was still picking up pieces of the biscuit off the floor. It seemed like I was smelling smoke, but there was no fire.‌
In a worried tone, I raised my concern to the rest of the group. "Does anyone else smell smoke?"
Everyone seemed to glance toward Ash for some odd reason. She shook her head, lightly cursing under her breath, and then suddenly I couldn't smell it anymore. Ash finally acknowledged my suspended question since no one else seemed to want to.
"The only thing I smell is a good for nothing, rotten brother." Then she stood up, still holding the particles of busted biscuit, and incredibly quickly shoved the crumbs in Jay's face, rubbing them all over him. It seemed like she moved as fast as lightning.
Everything got graveyard quiet until I spoke. "Wow, Ash. You're a lot faster than I remember. Guess a lot more has changed than I realized."
Everyone seemed to breathe out a sigh of relief. I wasn't sure what was up with that. I noticed something odd, too. Ash had a tattoo of the crescent moon inside the eye, just like all the markings around the house. It was in the center of her inner wrist. Jay's tank top revealed he too had the same tattoo. It was on his back shoulder blade.
I chuckled lightly at the peculiar find - a mocker's fantasy gem. "What's up with that?"
Jay tilted his head as he responded with a quizzical tone. "What's up with what?"
I laughed again. "Did you two really get matching tattoos?"
Ash touched her wrist in an awkward fashion. Then Jay grabbed his exposed shoulder as if he was uncertain about what to say. Everyone was somewhat reluctant to speak, it seemed. An unexplainable shift occurred, bringing a thick tension to taint the air.
I noticed Aster was pulling her shirt together a little tighter, and Gear was tugging at the bottom of his shirt as well. It was all very baffling.
Finally, a smile spread across Jay's face as he spoke with an overly teasing tone. "What can I say? Ash was always following me around. She had to do whatever I did." Ash glared at him as his teasing persisted. "Personally, I think it's kind of cute that she wants to be like her big brother. They say imitation is the highest form of flattery."
The stove that Jay was leaned against sparked and a flame erupted onto his pants. I gasped and shrieked in one breath, but I seemed to be the only one to react, other than Jay who violently slapped his leg to put out the blaze.
Ash even let out a comical remark. "Liar, liar, pants on… Well, you get the idea, big brother."
Jay scowled at her as the last bit of the fire seemed to extinguish itself. He started to walk toward her as his face turned an angry crimson. A few pops rang out, bringing the his stalk to a halt. I shrieked when glass shattered all around. Light bulbs? Light bulbs were bursting simultaneously in every room around us.
Yet again, it seemed like I was the only one who was concerned with the crazy occurrence. Iris merely rolled her eyes at the entire thing. George huffed in aggravation. No one at all even seemed the least bit surprised.
Jay's shoulders dropped slightly as he spoke with a scolded child sort of tone. "I'll get the broom."
Then Ash smirked as she replied with a more chipper and somewhat unjustifiably victorious tone. "I'll clean up the remnants of Jay's pants that are all over the floor now." I swear she seemed to enjoy the fact his pants caught on fire.
Jay walked on by, cursing as his charred pants kept dropping little pieces behind him. How did his leg not get burned?
I voiced my frustration for the complete indifference everyone was showing for the crazy things that had just occurred.
"Would someone please tell me why Jay's pants caught on fire and then every bulb down here bursts, and yet I'm the only one who even batted an eye?"
Everyone just stared around the room in the same awkward fashion as before. Everyone kept looking at each other, waiting on someone else to answer. Gear was the one who broke the uncomfortable silence by answering my question with a deceitful sort of tone, followed with a distraction, his usual fashion.
"Aria, these things happen all the time around here. You'll get used to it. The electricity in this house is old, and the stove has been needing to be replaced for a while. You should probably get going. School starts in less than thirty minutes."

My mind went blank very abruptly when I saw the high school just a few hundred yards away. My stomach grew tense with knots. I had no idea what to do or where to go. I only had one thought come to my mind - Oh, this is going to suck.
I pulled into the parking lot in my shiny, expensive BMW, and everyone gawked in the most conspicuous way. Not in a good way either.
"No, not awkward at all," I grumbled to myself.
George said he wanted me to feel like a princess. You need a lot of confidence to feel like a princess, and confidence was something I certainly lacked, especially at that moment.
I parked beside a group of girls who snarled at me with distaste. One girl acted disgusted with just the sight of me.
"Well, I guess I won't be their b.f.f.," I said sarcastically to myself while rolling my eyes.
Then my passenger door flew open and an unfamiliar voice rang out as a girl jumped in.
"It's going to be hard to be anybody's b.f.f. if you're sitting around talking to yourself."
She was perky to say the least. Now I worried about who else might have heard me. Apparently my car wasn't very soundproof if she was able to hear that remark from outside.
Her bright blue eyes were gleaming with pure excitement. She had blonde, super straight hair that stopped at her chin. She was dressed similar to the way I was, but she looked more comfortable and much cuter than I did.
"So… My name is Taryn, and you're Arisianna, right?"
She smiled at me, waiting eagerly for me to speak. I stuttered slightly, unsure of how she knew my name. "Ye...yeah." I shook my head, still confused, but then I continued. "Actually, I prefer Aria. How do you know my name?"
She was so bubbly, like a little kid. "Your grandma told me. I tried to talk to you last night, but you were so swarmed with people that I never got a chance."
Just as I was about to reply to her, another person jumped in the backseat. It was a guy - an incredibly jaw-dropping cute guy.
"Sweet ride, Arisianna," he said, sounding too charming for such a mundane greeting.
He had blondish brown hair in a shaggy cut that swept across his brow. He had brown eyes, and a tattoo was on his forearm of a star wrapped in barbwire. His biceps were bulging with definition. His shirt clung tightly to his sculpted abdomen. He smiled with teeth so white it was nearly blinding. Confidence exuded from him as he casually made himself comfortable in my backseat.
I was completely dumbfounded by these two. They acted like it was perfectly normal to just jump in my car and start talking to me like they knew me. I had no idea who they were though.
"Yeah… Thanks?" I was incredibly confused. "I prefer Aria, actually."
He had to have heard the bewilderment in my voice, but he chose to ignore it, despite my attempts to make it obvious.
He grabbed my iPod and changed the song as he read through some more. "Sweet tunes, too." He acted as if he had known me my whole life.
"Who are-" Before I finish my question, he answered it. He was drumming on his knees with his hands to the beat of the song he had changed it to.
"McKee. We would have met last night, but all the adults hogged you. Your grandma said we should show you the ropes, since you're new in town and don't know anyone in school. It's cool though. Most everyone is familiar with the Weislen/ Nelson/ Bradbury family."
Bradbury was my grandma's maiden name. She still introduced herself with it. Iris Bradbury Nelson. She claimed that it was a special name and deserved to be heard.
"Mmm... okay. So, I guess we should get in there," I said, wondering if they were planning on hanging out in my car all day.
"Sure. We can walk you to your first class," Taryn chimed in with her bubbly little voice.
"Yeah, what's your schedule look like?" McKee asked, still sounding casually charming.
I found myself wondering if he and Taryn were a couple.
"I have Calculus first, Spanish second, Economics third, and physical education last." I thought it was funny they gave me Spanish as a foreign language class, considering I was fluent.
"Yeah, no sweat. I got Calculus first, too, and my sister has Spanish second, so that's covered. Third, I have English, which is right beside the Economics class, and last I have phys. ed. as well, so it looks like we should be good." His tone was chipper as he grabbed my bag to carry it for me.
We all headed toward the school. I was trying not to fall face-first on my first day, but Taryn had the perfect sexy-swing walk down to an art. McKee had a confident and suave strut. Nice to know Taryn was his sister.
He was very... um... too cute, and different from the guys I was used to back home. He still wasn't anywhere nearly as hypnotically beautiful as the guy I made myself look like a fool in front of.
Taryn waved as she walked in the opposite direction from us. As we walked down the hallway, I saw girls glaring at me with envious, cruel stares. I guessed McKee was a coveted guy around there.
A tall guy walked right up to us as we stopped at my locker, which I never would have found by myself. The school was frigging huge.
The unknown guy was equally as sculpted as McKee, just not as handsome in the face. He was still somewhat attractive.
His voice was evenly toned and stern as he spoke very seriously. "Is this the Weislen girl?" he asked, sounding haughty and imperious.
He wasn't even speaking to me or looking at me. It was incredibly rude and obnoxious.
McKee smiled and responded in his still upbeat voice. "Yep. She's cute, huh?"
Holy crap.
I blushed fiercely. The guy seemed unimpressed by McKee's comment about my appearance... and me. "Just remember what Iris said." Then he stormed off.
"Who was that?" I could hear the frustration in my voice. I didn't appreciate the rudeness first thing in the morning.
"Oh, that's Everett. He's cool, just a little intense. But you definitely want him on your side when you're in a bind." Then he raised his eyebrows up and down as he spoke. "So, you ready to start your first day, Aria?" The more confidence he leaked, the more girly I found myself acting.
"I guess I have no choice. I've come too far to turn back now." I half smiled as we headed to class.
It was so crowded. McKee pointed to the seat beside him. The teacher went on to explain the work we were about to do after he stumbled and stammered over my name. My mother thought it necessary to give all five of her children every multi-syllable, mouthful name she could find. I'm glad my dad found a way to shorten our exhausting travesties.
I finished the assignment within twenty minutes.
I realized everyone was still working, including McKee, so I pulled out a book to read while I waited. The teacher stared at me impassively, though I could tell he was measuring my actions.
"Ms. Weislen, are you confused by the assignment?" he asked, showing his suspicion.
Crap. All eyes on me.
"No, Mr. Leeson. I’m… finished." My voice was shaky as I stuttered nervously. It was incredibly uncomfortable and extremely nerve-racking to be called out in the middle of class.
His look seemed to become even more suspicious now. Several students turned to look at me, staring at me as though I was a beast with two heads. One girl even rolled her eyes at me and snorted derisively.
I squirmed awkwardly in my seat when I became an unwilling spectacle. Finally, Mr. Leeson spoke with uncertainty in his voice.
"Well, then you need to turn in your work." He sat back in his seat and crossed his arms over his chest as he waited for me to bring my work up to him.
I walked slowly, hoping not to trip and make this even more awkward and embarrassing than it already was. I handed him my work and went back to my seat with a bit more haste.
I continued to read my book. A few minutes later, a shadow leaned over me, disrupting my light. I looked up and Mr. Leeson handed me back my paper, graded. I hadn't gotten a single question wrong.
"Impressive, Ms. Weislen."
He smiled at me admirably. I let out a sigh of relief. I looked over at McKee, who looked up just as I did and flashed me a smile.

The bell sounded, finally, letting us know it was time to go. Mr. Leeson had assigned us homework, but I had already finished it and turned it in on my way out the door.
He smiled at me, shaking his head and snickering slightly. However, this time he seemed pleased. I just smiled back.
McKee came up and draped his arm around my shoulders, giving me a couple of butterflies. "I guess I know who my calculus tutor will be." Then he laughed. "Spanish is next though, and I had it last year. It's pretty tough."
I laughed a bit at his comment before I responded. "I'm actually fluent in Spanish. So I should be okay, I guess."
I didn't feel as confident about that as I should have. I didn't want to sound overly confident, and then find out I didn't know as much as I thought I did.
"Wow. I'm thoroughly impressed right now. Why are you fluent in Spanish?"
His arm was still draped around my shoulders, and the stares from the other girls were even more hateful than they had been earlier.
I tried to ignore the death glares I was getting as I replied to him. "I lived in South America my whole life." I could feel myself blushing from his appraisal.
"Did you have to get a green card or something to come here?" He nodded at Everett walking by. He was staring intensely at McKee and me.
I could hear the distraction in my voice. "No, my mom…" I trailed off for a moment and then finally I broke away from thinking of Everett's peculiar behavior, cautiously watching him pass us completely before continuing. "My mom came back home every time to have us, so that we would be U.S. citizens. So I have a birth certificate, a social security number, a driver's license, now... the whole nine yards."
His lips turned down in a quizzical manner. "But no accent?"
I shrugged, understanding his curiosity. It was a valid point.
"Well, my mom and dad grew up in the states. They were the ones who taught me to speak, so I guess I just adopted their dialect instead of the locals. Not to mention, there were a lot of other Americans in the village I lived in."
"Not much of a South American tan either," he said, motioning to my golden skin.
It was true. I didn't have the deep, rich tan the natives did, but I wasn't pasty either. It almost felt as though he was questioning my honesty. I didn't like that.
"No one in my family tans very well. This is about as dark as we get."
He nodded in acceptance of my answer and then spoke casually as he leaned up against the lockers. "So where in South America did you grow up?"
I started to feel interrogated.
"It's kind of hard to explain." I didn't know why, but I didn't really feel comfortable explaining. Thankfully, I didn't have to try to explain. His arm slid off my shoulders as Taryn ran up to us excitedly.
"My turn. Spanish is this way." She grabbed my hand, dragging me away from McKee. I waved at him. He smiled before disappearing into a classroom.

Spanish was even easier than calculus had been. As soon as the bell rang, Taryn jumped up and ran to my side.
"I'll just walk you to economics since it's on the way."
I was somewhat disappointed about that proposal, given that McKee said it was right beside his class. I assumed he would walk me there.
I wasn't used to being around guys I was attracted to. In Haluali, there were only a few my age and they were more like brothers. There really were quite a few American kids like me there - children of the fellow scientists from my mom and dad's team.
I never had any romantic feelings towards any of them. So this was different from anything I'd felt before. I really wasn't sure how to be attracted to someone, so I wasn't sure what it was that I was feeling. It wasn't the heart-stopping, drooling disaster I had encountered with the mystery guy.
I was lost in thought as we stopped by the lockers. I felt two hands grab my waist and whirl me around. It was McKee. My stomach did a slight somersault as I stared into his amazing eyes. They glistened with excitement as he spoke with such a cool tone.
"Are you ready for lunch?"
I had forgotten all about lunch, and apparently, so had Taryn. I'd been so nervous all day that I hadn't even felt hungry until he mentioned the promise of food. I was hoping my stomach wouldn't growl while I spoke.
"Yeah, I'm famished."
I looked around to see where Taryn went. Then I saw her come swishing back up. Her perkiness was still intact as she replied with a bit of silliness in her tone.
"Yeah, I just remembered it's lunch time. Come on, let's grab some grub."
We headed to the cafeteria. McKee led us through the line. He kept finding ways to touch me. I wasn't complaining though.
I grabbed an orange and some fruit salad - comfort food that reminded me of home. I paid for my food and headed toward the table where McKee and Everett were sitting. But I suddenly felt an uncontrollable compulsion to turn around.
Chill bumps flooded me without mercy, and my heart tried to explode. It was him. The guy I had spent hours trying to get out of my head.
Even from across the room, his eyes looked mesmerizing. His skin was smooth and toned. His lips were perfectly shaped and his body was brilliantly sculpted. He wasn't muscled up with bulk like McKee, but he had lean muscle.
His lean body glided across the floor so eloquently. His hair looked so soft and styled very sexy with some messy touches.
He had on a light blue, button-up shirt, but it was undone so that it showed the black tee underneath. He had on fitted blue jeans that looked as if they had been made specifically for him.
He was biting into a pear as he sat down with some other guys. I supposed he felt me staring at him, because he turned around and his eyes became locked with mine. I wasn't sure how to react. I was frozen and staring like a fool... again.
I'd secretly been begging for a chance of redemption, and here I was squandering it away. I definitely understood the whole deer in headlights thing now.
He just confidently stared back with a small, cocky smirk. I forgot there was even anyone else in the cafeteria. Finally, a voice snapped me out of it.
"Aria? Are you okay?" It was Taryn. "Did you see something?" Her tone almost sounded alarmed.
I could feel myself still distracted by Mr. Marvelous as I replied, "Umm… yeah. I mean… Who's that guy?" My eyes pointed to the marvel I had just been staring at - or mindlessly gawking at, rather. He wasn't looking at me anymore, thankfully.
She smiled and her bubbly tone returned. "That's Tallis Verdan. He started here last year. His brother graduated from here a few years ago, but Tallis just transferred here from New York. He was living with some relatives for a while because his parents travel a lot.
"His brother was living with someone who lives around here. But now his parents have taken up a permanent residence in the area. His dad is an entrepreneur of some internet business, and they're loaded. I'm talking, filthy rich. He's a bit of a heartthrob, but he's not really dateable."
I wasn't exactly thrilled with her last sentence. "Why isn't he dateable?" I asked, staring at him uncontrollably again.
"Well, he's social and has friends and all, but he tells girls he's not into dating in high school. He says it's because he doesn't want to waste his high school years tangled up in a teenage love drama. Like he's so much better than the rest of us." She rolled her eyes while speaking in a melodramatic tone before gesturing toward the table where McKee was already sitting.
I nodded my head, acknowledging what she said. I guessed it was sensible enough. We sat down beside McKee who put his arm around my chair, but no butterflies stirred this time.
Then it felt like someone was staring at me.
I turned to see it was Tallis who was staring. His eyes were intensely staring into mine, then he cracked a slight smile again and turned back around. I was mesmerized by him. He was so… perfect.
The bell rang, bringing me back to reality and making me look away, when I turned around again, he was gone. How long did I stare? My food was still untouched.
“Looking for something, Aria?" McKee's voice was light as he spoke with an odd look on his face.
"She's looking for Tallis Verdan," Taryn answered for me. She did it with a dramatizing tone that very obviously implied I had a crush.
McKee frowned slightly, not pleased with his sister's comment. "Economics time," he said dryly. He was a little cold all the way back to the lockers.

I got to economics and saw Tallis walking into the class in front of me. I took a deep breath, and butterflies rushed through my stomach as I started through the door. McKee grabbed my hand, jerking me back.
"You'll need this." He handed me my bag. "You left it in the cafeteria." Then he turned and walked away swiftly, disappearing into the class next door.
I walked in to see the class was already full. Only one seat was left, and it was right behind Tallis. It was almost a heady rush just thinking about taking a seat so close to him.
He never even looked up when I walked by. It was as if I was suddenly invisible to him, despite the staring competition we had just had in the cafeteria. I saw Everett across the room. He seemed just as unpleasant as he had earlier.
The teacher started roll call, making his way down list. "Tallis Verdan?"
Tallis raised a hand up in acknowledgement, but kept his eyes glued to whatever he was reading on his table.
It was all I could do not to stare at the back of his head. Then the teacher got to my name, and struggled just as my other two teachers had.
"And our newest member, Aree-see-ann-aah Weislen?" he said with uncertainty of his pronunciation.
My voice was riddled with nervousness as I spoke. "I go by Aria, actually." I said, trying to hide my embarrassment while slinking down in my chair.
"Aria. Much easier. I'll change that right now."
As the teacher made his notation on his book, I avoided the scrutinizing stares of the other students. It had been the same in every class.
I had noticed that Tallis lifted his head slightly when my name was called. He didn't turn around though.
I finished my work and handed it in - first of course, despite how distracted I was. Tallis finished quickly as well. He was walking up as I was walking back. We met between the rows of tables, and we had to turn sideways, facing each other as we passed.
Our eyes locked again, and he faintly smiled at me. One hand held his paper and his free hand grazed my side as if he were politely supporting me as we passed. His hand felt like fire on my side for the brief moment it was there. I felt my whole body blushing. It was nothing like I'd ever experienced before.
His soft blue shirt dangled loosely at his side, and my hand grazed its tip when I was almost by him. Even the touch of his shirt sent a thrilling sensation coursing through my body.
As he was walking back to his seat, he was staring at me very deliberately. I met his gaze and felt helplessly captivated again. A very subtle smirk stayed on his face, and I could feel the rest of my body turning as red as my face.
He was obviously accustomed to the attention I was paying him, and again, I couldn't stop staring. I felt so ridiculous. He sat back down in front of me and pulled out a book to read.
About fifteen minutes later, the bell rang, and I just about leapt from my seat. Tallis had already stood up, and he leaned back to let me pass first. I was so flustered by that incredibly long class, being stuck behind him, that when I had to pass him again, I fell right on top of him, knocking him back into his seat with me almost straddling lap. I felt my face beam an even brighter shade of red than before.
Panic rang out as I finally spoke. "Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to. I'm so embarrassed." I could feel my skin burning with humiliation.
"It's fine." His voice was so breathtakingly wonderful to hear, like velvet massaging my senses. I just stared into his eyes that seemed to love holding me captive with their bewitching charm. He spoke a bit more comically as he continued. “But if you don't mind standing up, I need to get to gym now." He smiled teasingly at me.
Now I was even more embarrassed, realizing I was still on his lap. I leapt to my feet so quickly that my still flustered self nearly fell backwards on the table behind me.
Before my fall could finish, I felt arms around me, catching me, burning me. I felt his breath when its heat brushed the edge of my neck. I felt his strong abdomen pressed against my body in a way that gave me the most delightful chills I had ever experienced.
There was an inexplicable desperate desire to stay close to him. I didn't even know him. I couldn't help it though. I didn't want our accidental embrace to end. I looked up to see him smiling down at me with such enchantment.
His eyes were so hypnotic as they stared deeply into mine. Finally, he spoke after what seemed like hours, but it had only been a second or two.
"Easy, Aria. You may need to sit down for a while. You're not doing so well on your feet."
His arms were still embracing me gently. His body being so close to mine made me feel like I had an outrageous fever burning out of control. I could actually feel sweat forming on the back of my neck as his hands seemed to grip a little tighter around my waist. Our wonderful moment was unfortunately interrupted and soured by someone clearing their throat very obnoxiously.
It was McKee who was standing beside Taryn.
"Ready for gym class, Aria?" Taryn asked with one eyebrow raised in surprise and approval.
Tallis released his grip, leaving me with a shocking pang of withdrawal. "Guess I'll see you out there."
Then he flashed me a full smile and walked out. I just continued staring, possibly drooling like a fool. I could feel myself trying to catch the breath he had just taken away from me, but it seemed impossible.
It was all so surreal and tantalizing. I felt so disappointed the unbelievably fiery moment with him had just ended. I almost felt lightheaded from the insane rush I had gotten from the small amount of contact we'd just had.
McKee looked very displeased, but he tried to play it off, speaking in a joking tone. "I leave you alone for one period and another guy has his arms around you. Can't take you anywhere.” He smiled at me, but it seemed somewhat forced.

The annoying bell rang, saying it was time to go into the gym in my workout gear. We were going to be playing basketball, using only half of the court. I had played basketball a lot, but never in America.
The guys were on the other half of the court, which was not exactly a confidence boost. I suddenly felt very gaudy and awkward.
McKee walked out with his shirt off, exposing his muscled up six pack. A few girls gasped in obvious delight.
I would have, too, before I became completely enthralled by Tallis. I hadn't thought much about McKee in that way since I straddled Tallis in economics. My thoughts about McKee were completely platonic now. All of my desire was focused solely on the dark-haired beauty with captivating eyes.
I looked around, trying not to be obvious, but I didn't see Tallis anywhere. I was sure he said he had gym, too. I huffed, almost disappointed, as I shifted my eyes from side to side in an effort to find his face.
Suddenly, I felt heat from behind me. I felt chills run up my back as I felt someone's breath close to me. I turned around, nearly bumping into Tallis, who was shirtless as well. My mouth rocked open in an unhinged disaster.
Close your mouth, girl.
"Looking for someone, Aria?" His tone was knowing and haughty, but not offensive.
I felt like a dissolving fool. He smiled in a cocky manner to let me know he obviously knew I was looking for him. Then he walked on, staring directly into my eyes again as he passed.
I watched him - of course. His sleek abs were defined, but not bulky. Every line of muscles were mouthwatering. He had a tattoo on the side of his arm, almost at the top of his shoulder. It seemed to be tribal. What was with all these high school boys having tattoos?
I couldn't stop staring at him and thinking about how incredible his touch felt. But, I finally forced myself to at least look more like I was watching idly instead of shamelessly gaping.
Tallis shot the ball from the three-point line and knocked it in time after time. Another guy shot the ball and it bounced off the rim. Then a different guy rebounded it and threw it hard to a guy near the half-court line. He threw it too hard though, and the guy missed it.
You're supposed to run, duck, or scream when something is heading toward your face with ferocious speed, but I froze as the basketball barreled toward me.
I closed my eyes and braced for impact while holding my breath. I heard the ball hit something, but not my face. When I opened my eyes, Tallis was lowering the ball.
He stopped it. Whew.
It was almost painful to release my held breath and take in a new one.
"That's the second time I've saved you today. Any idea as to how you're going to start paying me back for all my heroics?" he teased, and then let out a playful laugh.
He flashed a menacing grin and jogged backwards for a moment, still staring at me. When he finally turned around and sprinted to the huddle where the other guys had congregated, I let out the next held breath. I didn't even realize I was holding it that time.
I had been stifling an embarrassed grin the entire time, biting my lip. I could see McKee swapping his disapproving glare between me and Tallis. I wasn't sure what McKee's problem was.
He'd known me for one day and thought he had rights to me? I remember wishing Taryn wasn't McKee's girlfriend, and now I was wishing she had been.
I still liked McKee as a friend, but there was something majestic about the way Tallis made me feel.
I noticed things were getting intense on the boys side of the court. Everyone else had started noticing, too, including the other girls. We stopped playing - even though I never touched the ball - and started watching.
McKee and Tallis seemed to have forgotten they were playing on teams. I'm not sure how, but it had become a game of one-on-one.
Tallis just grinned, taunting McKee, who looked incredibly frustrated. Tallis dribbled the ball between McKee's legs and scored on a lay-up.
McKee wasn't smiling like Tallis was. He was more intense, focused, like he was trying to prove something. He started dribbling past Tallis who took the ball away and sunk the ball from the three-point line effortlessly.
Tallis never quit smiling the whole time. Score after score, Tallis was embarrassing McKee even more than he had already been embarrassed.
Now I was irritated and slightly humiliated by McKee acting so possessive. I knew that was why Tallis was doing this to him. I could see some of the girls looking at me, like they were sizing me up, trying to figure out what was so special about me.
Stop looking. Nothing special.
Finally, the sound of a piercing whistle blew and the coach broke up the heated game. My shoulders rose as I lowered my head uncomfortably, still aware of all the judgmental eyes staring at me. It was so awful.
What a first day.
Tallis never looked at me again during gym class. McKee did though. Every time I looked at Tallis, McKee looked at me and smiled, doing his best to distract me.
One day in high school and already I was in some stupid, teen-age, soap opera, love triangle, drama fest. I liked the guy who didn't like me and didn't like the guy who did like me.
Great! I'm a normal American teenager.
I huffed in aggravation as I grabbed my gym bag. I didn't even change. I just ran out in my shorts and tee-shirt. I felt better in them than the clothes Ash and Aster made me wear anyway.
I let my hair down as I threw my stuff in my car. I was just ready for the day to be over, and I was certainly ready to be out of the spotlight. I didn't enjoy being the object of whispered conversations and scrutinizing eyes. Everyone would be talking about me even more after that.
Chapter 4

Mixed Signals

Precious opportunities are stolen away when one wastes too much time lost in hesitation.

I had been at school for almost two weeks now. Tallis was a little more standoffish toward me since the first day. I couldn't say I blamed him though.
McKee had become almost obsessed with my every movement. I found him to be a complete annoyance. Every time I even tried to approach Tallis, McKee was there to intercept me.
I was growing more and more frustrated with him everyday. He was relentless to stay by my side - day after day after day.
Tallis hadn't been speaking to me in economics. Of course, it was hard to speak during class, since that was prohibited... somewhat.
I caught him looking at me several times. I often fumbled around for something clever to say, but nothing ever came to my mind fast enough, and then those moments would be lost.
That class was the only time where McKee couldn't block me from him. Then finally, the break I needed presented itself.
Mr. Johnson, my economics teacher, stood in front of the class while smiling menacingly. One by one, we finished taking our seats. Tallis was the last to arrive. As he sat down in front of me, his wonderful scent engulfed me, stealing my sanity for a brief moment.
I was trying not to stare at the back of his head, yet again, when Mr. Johnson interrupted my thoughts.
His tone seemed to be laced with excitement, and there was a bit of a mischievous glow about him. "Good day, class. I hope everybody is ready for what I'm about to give you." He started walking from desk to desk, handing out small packets. Then he continued speaking, smiling the entire time. "Each one of you will receive a packet, and inside the packet is your assignment. This will account for thirty percent of your grade this semester."
Everyone in the class gasped nervously. He just smiled a little more, reveling in the suspense he was causing. More menace sparked in his eyes as he continued. "On the top right-hand corner of each packet, you will see a number. Find the person in the classroom whose number matches yours. That person will be your partner for this assignment.
"This should take you no more than two weeks to complete. At the end of the two weeks, I'll ask you to give a presentation. Get to know your partner, and let me know if you have any questions or problems. This person will mean a lot to your final grade. Use your class time wisely, but you'll still have to work on this at home some as well.
"These packets have been handed out at random, so I don't know who you will have for a partner. After you have found your partner, come to my desk so I can write both of your names down for the assignment you received. Each assignment is different as well, so no one will be tempted to cheat. And no exchanging packets so that you end up with someone you are buddies with. This isn't a socializing experiment."
As Mr. Johnson returned to his desk, we all began looking around the classroom for our partners. One by one, I was checking other people's packets, and each time I walked away, they seemed relieved the new girl wasn't going to be their partner.
I saw more and more people pairing up and heading towards Mr. Johnson’s desk. It was just me, a few other girls, and Tallis left. I was hoping he would be my partner, and at the same time, I was hoping he wouldn't be.
Knots curled up in my stomach and lumps began rising to my throat every time I thought of us alone for even a moment. I turned to look at one of the girls who seemed unwilling to approach me, and as I turned back around, Tallis was standing directly in front of me.
I could feel chills run up and down my body yet again, as his soft lips moved in an effort to speak to me.
"I'm number three. You?"
He reached his hand over to check the number on my packet when I failed to form words. It matched. We were together. Oh yes and oh no.
I could feel my heart flutter as he cracked a small grin at me. I was about to force out a reply, when I was rudely interrupted by the girl who had not wanted to approach me earlier.
She came up to us with a very obvious agenda. "Hey, Tallis."
She did everything she could to stand between Tallis and me. She didn't even acknowledge me as she continued speaking flirtatiously with him.
"So, I was going to come over here and find out what number you are. I thought maybe I could sweet talk someone out of the matching number. I don't know that I would trust anyone else in here with thirty percent of my grade."
She reached over to touch his hand. I was starting to feel awkward still standing there. I was frozen. I did know whether to leave or stay. I didn't want to give her my packet, but I knew I would if he asked me to.
He didn't seem too impressed by her brazen approach, which gave me a touch of hope. He leaned back so I was back in his line of view. Then he smiled at me slightly as he spoke to her, while keeping his eyes locked on mine.
"Sorry, Elaina. I already have a partner."
I could tell she wasn't exactly thrilled with his answer. However, she tried to play it off.
"I'm sure… she… wouldn't mind trading packets with me." She turned to face me to finally speak to me.
What do you know? I'm not invisible after all.
"I'm sorry, what was your name again?" she asked, playing coy.
I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. "It's Aria."
She placed her body back between Tallis and me. This time she was facing me fully.
"Aria, I'm Elaina. I'm sure you wouldn't mind trading packets with me, would you? I really need Tallis for this project. I was hoping that since you don't really know anybody yet, you wouldn't mind working with someone else. Sound good?"
I hesitated for a moment, unsure of what to say. I was stuck. I didn't want him to know I liked him, but I also didn't want to leave him with her and lose my chance.
I tried to think quickly. Mr. Johnson was starting to become irritated by the amount of people still up. Genius struck.
"I'm afraid Mr. Johnson would get mad if he found out we were trading packets," I said a little louder than I had to, while trying to be subtle.
I glanced in his direction, hoping he would hear. Then I continued when I saw he was listening in. "I can't afford to make my teacher mad about something that could cost me thirty percent of my grade."
I tried not to smile as Mr. Johnson made his way over to us. I could tell he wasn't pleased. I could see a ghost of a smile etching itself onto Tallis's face. I wasn't sure if he was smiling because he knew what I was doing, or if it was because he liked what I was doing.
Please don't let him know what I'm doing, I thought.
Mr. Johnson had his hands on his hips as he stood behind the three of us. I looked over to see one last girl in the room without a partner.
His brow furrowed as he crossed his arms in front of his chest. Very irritably, he murmured, "What exactly is going on over here? There are four people left, and there're only two people per group." Then he looked at me. "Aria, what number are you?"
I tried not to smile as I replied, "Number three."
Then Mr. Johnson turned his gaze toward Tallis. "Now, Tallis, what number you?"
Tallis smirked slightly as he muttered, "I'm number three as well, Mr. Johnson."
Then Mr. Johnson turned again to meet Elaina. "There's not very much math to do, as you can see. Elaina, it would seem your partner is over there." He pointed to the only girl left standing in the room.
Elaina walked away, huffing in aggravation. Mr. Johnson nodded toward us before he walked away and returned to his desk.
Then I felt fire burning through my hand as Tallis led me back to our table. Everyone else was sitting beside their partner at their table, and now I was going to be within inches of Tallis for the rest of class.
I was both giddy and sickly nervous at once.
His voice was so soothing as he spoke, and a slight smile spread across his face as he pulled out the work from his packet. "I'm really glad you didn't make me be partners with Elaina. She doesn't have a whole lot of work ethic. I would've been stuck doing all the legwork."
I blushed, showing how incredibly uncomfortable I was. "Are you two… I mean... Were you two… I mean, were you… never mind," I grumbled, finally giving up my unintelligible ramble.
I could see a figurative mirror image of myself, drooling and slapping my gums in an apelike manner. So, so stupid.
He chuckled, and he responded through his laughter. "No. Never. Not that she hasn't tried. That's another reason I was grateful for your reluctance to give up your packet."
I couldn't tell if he was flirting with me, or if he really was just that desperate to stay away from her. It was even possible he was mocking me. It wasn't like I would know.
"Um, she's not your type?" I asked, my voice crackling.
His smile deepened. Then his tone changed slightly, as his smile turned a little more menacing. “No, she's not my type." Then he shifted in his seat uncomfortably as he continued. "I'm not really trying to date anyone in high school. There's more to worry about in life than teenage drama."
I could feel a knot starting to form in my stomach again. I tried not let my voice quiver with disappointment, though I was very obviously unsuccessful.
"Oh. I guess that makes sense. I already knew that about you anyway. I just didn't know if you had made an exception for her."
He scoffed noticeably, quickly rebuffing my apparently foolish notion. "If I were to make an exception, it wouldn't be for her."
I had nothing else to say. My lips quivered instead of moving.
The way he stared at me so intensely confused me about the way he felt. Then he gave me that same captivating gaze he had so many times before, and slowly, the corners of his mouth edged themselves into an incredibly cocky smile before continuing.
"So, you've been asking around about me?"
My face suddenly lit up as bright as a Christmas tree with embarrassment.
Busted.
I scrambled around for the right thing to say, desperate to recover quickly. I tried to sound as casual as possible, but my hands twitched nervously as I responded. "It may have come up in idle conversation. Nothing detailed. I can see how it could be a good philosophy though."
He smirked slightly. "I'm sure you know what I'm talking about. It's all a little pointless to go through at such a young age."
I could feel my face blushing - actually, beaming red would be more accurate - as I squirmed around my seat. My discomfort had to obvious. Change the subject, girl!
"It looks like we're going to be opening a coffee shop," I blurted out, considering I had nothing else to say.
He glanced down at the paperwork in front of him, smirking lightly. "Looks like."
I hoped he didn't realize what my discomfort meant. I hadn't ever dated anybody, so I had no idea what drama he was talking about. At least not from personal experience.
I was too embarrassed to tell him that. I was hoping he couldn't pick up on that. Most of the other girls had been dating for years, and I hadn't even kissed a guy, or held his hand, or anything. I wouldn't even know how to start. It was Haluali. The choices were bare - too young, too old, unavailable, not my type... etc. It wasn't the buffet this place is.
Then, as he flipped through the pages, he grabbed out his notebook and began writing. "Let's go ahead and make a budget based on the money allowance we have, and we'll go from there with our hypothetical coffee shop."
I nodded and grabbed my notebook as well. "Do you want to take building costs and layout? Or do you want supply costs and projected profit margin to begin with?"
Business yap is definitely a buzz kill, but it doused the flames I needed to be extinguished, so no complaints.
He smiled yet again as he spoke to me in his heart melting tone. "I don't think we need to get too far ahead of ourselves. I think it would be best to do each task together. If we divide and conquer, it'll get done faster. However, if we do everything together, then we'll have a better overall presentation."
I was actually happy to hear him say that, though I had no intentions of sharing that with him. I felt like an inarticulate idiot around him. I was starting to worry he was going to regret not pairing up with Elaina if I kept looking like such a stupid girl.
"Okay, what do you suggest we start with?" I asked, sounding more respectable and less crackly.
He glanced at his watch before putting all of his paperwork back in his packet. Then he spoke to me while he stacked his books together.
"There's a coffee shop in town. We could go talk to them first. I want to be thorough. We can meet up after school soon and iron out some of the details there, if you want."
The butterflies rippled through my stomach, making my breathing much more labored as I breathlessly said, "Yeah. That sounds fine to me. You'll just have to give me directions. I don't really know too much about this area."
The bell rang and he stood to his feet, stacking my books on top of his as he did so. He carried my books out the door while still keeping his body close to mine. "No problem. It's not hard to find. If you're free this afternoon, we'll get started."
This time the butterflies crashed into the walls of my stomach, making me feel almost nauseated. I was trying so hard not to let my sudden anxiety attack be noticed.
"Yeah, that should be no problem at all."
He winked at me as he handed me my books, and then he jogged down the hall, disappearing into the crowd. I exhaled a big sigh of relief, denying my inner girl the right to squeal.
Finally. Some actual time alone.
I started feeling queasy as soon as that thought had time to resonate. It felt like I was coming down from a hellacious adrenaline high. Just talking to him had made my blood pump furiously through my veins.
"What's up, Aria?" Taryn asked, forcing me to jump a little in my distracted state.
Her bubbly little personality never wavered. I was just trying to keep from falling apart at the seams.
"Nothing."
I could feel myself blushing. I couldn't even bring myself to answer the way I wanted to. I wanted to scream out in exuberance, but I fought the urge and remained calm.
She rolled her eyes. "I'm guessing things went well with Tallis today." Her tone was very condescending in a playful manner.
I smiled, though it wasn't the full-flashing, face-splitting grin that begged to be set free. I played it cool, sort of. At least I think I did.
"We just got put on the same project is all." I could feel my whole body blushing then. Crap. Sold out by my own body.
Taryn giggled, and then we were interrupted by McKee. He smiled confidently as spouted, "Alright, ladies. Enough giggling. It's gym time."

I had borrowed Taryn's phone to call Grandma Iris and let her know of my afternoon plans. She had seemed reluctant to let me go to the coffee shop. However, she agreed that my studies were important.
I was actually surprised by her hesitance to let me go, but I guess she just worried about me being in a new place.
I pulled up to the coffee shop, and a knot instantly started forming in my throat, making it seem impossible to swallow. I took a deep breath, praying for a calm that never came.
"Here goes nothing," I whispered to myself while walking in.
Tallis was already inside, engaged in conversation with one of the waitresses. She was giggling and flirting. It almost made me sick at my stomach to see.
He didn't seem to be reciprocating the same feelings toward her though, so that made me feel a little bit better. I sat down beside him at the table and received the worst look possible from the waitress.
Tallis smiled at my arrival. I glanced around at the crowded coffee shop as the waitress took our order. I noticed Everett sitting in the corner. He looked away quickly and began typing on his phone.
I glanced back at Tallis who was pulling out his packet of work for our project and a laptop. I did the same - pulled out my work, not a laptop. Then I whispered quietly as I motioned in the direction of Everett.
"He gives me the creeps."
Tallis chuckled slightly. "I think he's just a loner. He's a little too intense for me, but I'm sure he's not as bad as he seems."
He leaned over to me and a smile spread across his face as he spoke with a charming air that made my heartbeat flutter. "So, I hear you are a bit of a genius?"
I just laughed as I responded with an exaggerated dramatic touch. "Not even close. I just know a lot of the stuff already, due to the lessons I had in home school."
He leaned back slightly in his seat. "Yeah, well that's not the word around school."
My stomach tensed up. I thought of all the other things he might have heard about me as well. I was far from being on the most popular list.
"Oh. Well, you can't believe everything you hear around there."
His reassuring smile was just as breathtaking as any other one of his grins. "I only listen to the good gossip, not the bad. If people are spreading something good, then it has to be true. The bad stuff is usually just jealous tongues running amuck."
I smiled back and laughed at the same time as I responded. "Are you sure you're a teenager?"
"Sometimes I forget I'm supposed to be," he teased while offering a playful wink.
I smiled at his humor. This was nice. Just him and me enjoying coffee and not having class, or students, or McKee lurking around. It was peaceful, and I was relishing the time alone with him.
I was trying to think of a way to get him to break his no-dating rule, but everything I came up with sounded contrived and immature. And he seemed so mature compared to the rest of the guys at school.
I had to think of a way to be impressive enough to make him want to go out with me. I started to speak three or four times, hoping something would come to me, but I had absolutely nothing.
I finally just sighed in agitation and shifted my focus back to the project. I could see him smirking out of the corner of my eye. Perhaps he noticed my attempts to speak. I just hoped he didn't realize what I was desperately trying to do.
We worked out all kinds of details, and we talked to the manager as well. We were making excellent headway on our project, when Tallis suddenly looked worried. His nostrils flared as if he smelled something he didn't like.
I very subtly sniffed myself, worried I may have worked up too much sweat at gym class. Then the bell chimed over the door of the coffee shop, alerting them to a new customer.
Tallis's eyes shifted toward the new silhouette darkening the doorway. A very tall man entered the coffee shop and walked to the counter. As I looked at the tall man, I noticed Everett was also staring at him. He too had a look on his face as if he smelled something foul.
Then I finally caught a whiff of something I wish I hadn't. It was almost putrid. It was all I could do not to turn my nose up in disgust. I wasn't sure if it was the tall man or just something outside.
Everett and Tallis seemed to think it was the tall man, given their staring. Then I noticed Everett's eyes close. His face was intense, as if he was straining to concentrate on something.
Then I felt fire shoot through my body when Tallis wrapped his arm around my waist suddenly. It was unexpected and confusing to say the least. But it felt... protective? Like he was trying keep me hidden? I didn't know. I really had no clue what guys and girls did. Did I miss something?
He leaned in closer to me as if he planned to whisper something in my ear. His breath was radiating the most unbelievably wonderful heat against my neck. My breathing became labored again, almost painful.
The seconds ticked by so slowly and my heavy breathing was all I could hear. Heat seemed to course through my veins, as though my blood had been replaced with lava.
The tall man glanced in our direction briefly, and then he walked out. After a few seconds of him being gone, Tallis leaned back away from me and released his grip around my waist. His look changed from concerned to an unexplainable disappointment.
I could feel my breaths growing even heavier now from the intense moment we had just shared. His body pressed against mine was unbelievably invigorating.
I wasn't sure what had possessed him to do such a thing. I could feel the fever in my voice as I spoke. "So… What was that about?"
He seemed incredibly uncomfortable suddenly. I got the feeling I had done something wrong, but what? He seemed distant when he answered.
"I think we should go."
I was baffled by the whole situation. One second he was wrapped around me so intimately, and the next second he acted like he couldn't get away from me quick enough. The confusion showed in my tone as well.
"Okay. Did I do something wrong?"
I had no idea how to interact with someone I was attracted to. I wasn't sure if I offended him, or if I should have returned some affection. I wasn't even sure if he was showing me affection. The entire thing was situation was extraordinarily confusing and completely frustrating.
He began packing up all of our work as he spoke. "No, you didn't do anything wrong. I just… I need to go. You should get home as well. I'm sure your parents are concerned. It's later than I realized."
I glanced at the clock, noticing it was only five-thirty. I wasn't sure what the big deal was. "It'll be fine if I get home around seven or seven-thirty. They realize this is an important part of my grade."
I really didn't want to leave him at all now. It almost physically hurt to think of leaving him. I felt so inexplicably desperate to be with him. It didn't make sense.
What's going on with me?
He continued packing everything up and stood to his feet. "No, we really should go. I have things I have to take care of."
I was starting to understand the whole mixed signals thing that girls my age were constantly complaining about. One second he grabbed me and held on to me in the most intense way, and the next he couldn't get away from me fast enough. His reasoning for doing such was vague and questionable. It felt like a blow-off. Guys really were just as confusing as I'd heard.
I wished I had heeded the warning.
I aimed for casual, but came off as tentative instead when I mumbled, "Okay, when should we… work on the-"
Before I could finish fumbling around for the right words, he answered the question I was intending to ask.
"Tomorrow." His answer was swift, and he deliberately avoided eye contact with me. Then his eyes changed, as did his tone, when he finally did make eye contact. "Your last name is Weislen, correct?"
I was almost offended by the fact he didn't seem certain of my last name. Now I was even more confused as I replied with a slightly defensive tone. "Yeah."
He nodded, but it seemed like he was confused by something himself. He didn't even take notice of the fact I had been offended.
"When did you and your parents move to town?"
I squinted my eyes in more confusion as I responded, "My parents haven't moved to town yet. I'm living with my grandmother."
The intensity in his eyes grew. They almost seemed to fill up with angst, and his tone made it seem as if he was worried about something.
"What's your grandmother's name?"
Really?
He was starting to irritate me with all the random questions. It was starting to feel like an interrogation. I answered him though. "Iris Nelson. She's the one with the Bradbury Manor."
He paled instantly, and fear washed over his eyes for reasons unbeknownst to me. After a spell of silence, he finally drew in a deep breath, and it appeared that he was full of dread.
"I know who she is." He paused for a second as he held the door open for me, ushering me out. "I'll follow you home to make sure you make it there safely."
His strange line of questioning and actions baffled me to no end. I was very confused by everything.
"Okay."
And that was it. He got in his Mercedes and followed me all the way to my gate. Tailing him was another car that followed us from the coffee shop. I could have sworn it was Everett.
As I pulled in the driveway, Tallis continued driving slowly until he passed me, staring into my eyes intensely as he did so.
Then he skidded around in the middle of the road and sped off back in the direction we had just come from. I wasn't sure why he wanted to follow me. The entire thing had exhausted my mind. The tailing car went on by, but I never caught a glimpse of the driver.
Everything had been fine until the smelly man walked in, then Tallis threw himself on me, and became insistent on making a hasty departure.
Nope. I still had no clue what happened.
I walked in and smelled food cooking. Iris greeted me, her warm smile genuine and soft.
"How was your study date, dear?" She seemed slightly worried. That too seemed odd.
I decided to keep the bizarre events from the coffee shop to myself. "It was fine. What's for dinner?"
She still didn't seem like her usual eccentric self. She answered my question, but she did so with complete distraction in her tone.
"We're having pot roast." Worry riddled her aged face and her tone displayed the same signs apprehension as it had before. "Are you sure you're okay? Did anything happen today that might have scared you in any way. Did you feel… I don't know… threatened at any point this afternoon?"
Her questions made me squirm uncomfortably. I wasn't sure why she was asking me that, and it started to worry me a bit.
"No. I never felt the least bit threatened. I just had a meeting with my economics partner and then we left. Should I be worried about something?"
Her face relaxed, as did her tone. "No, dear. I'm an old lady. Sometimes I overanalyze things. It's hard for me to just let you roam and do as you please. I worry. That's my job as your temporary guardian." She patted my back.
My body relaxed, finally, and I made my way into the kitchen to grab a plate. I wanted so badly to go see Tallis and find out the truth about what was going on.
Honestly, I just felt the uncontrollable yearning to be with him again. He was like a craving that could never be sated. Since the moment I met him, he was all I could even think about. I'd never been addicted to anything, but I was sure that this is what it felt like.

The next day at school was slightly awkward, but I was determined to find out what happened. I was new to the whole American teenage ways; however, I wasn't into playing games.
Before first period, I saw Tallis standing at his locker. He was alone, so I quickly approached him to seize my opportunity to get some answers. I could hear my nervousness as I confronted him.
"Hey, will you please tell me what happened yesterday?"
He just smiled confidently as he leaned back on the lockers before speaking in a much too casual tone. "I'm sorry, Aria. That guy we saw yesterday is a bit of a creep. I wanted him to think we were together. I've seen him around town, hassling girls your age. I didn't want him doing you that way."
Everything he said seemed slightly rehearsed, and he seemed very confident in his clarification as well. It all seemed too... conveniently effortless, when the day before he had been far too distressed to tell me such a thing.
I knew I couldn't have just been imagining the absurdity of his reaction. I nodded slightly as I spoke in a disbelieving tone.
"I see. Why didn't you just tell me that yesterday instead of acting so weird?"
He laughed lightly before responding. "I may have overreacted a tad. I was just in a hurry to get you out of there before he got any ideas. I don't know why I didn't tell you that yesterday to be honest. Some girls like danger. Let's say I wanted to make sure you didn't get any ideas." He winked at me as he finished his sentence.
I blushed slightly, but then suddenly I was off balance. A large guy had bumped into me, nearly knocking me down. Fire coursed through me as it had so many times before. Tallis's arms were wrapped around me, steadying me, drawing me into his delicious web of intoxication.
Yet again, he had caught me before I fell. Then his eyes shifted toward the brawny guy who had run over me. "Watch where you're going."
The guy stared at Tallis in an intimidating manner. Tallis didn't back down though. I’m not sure why, but suddenly the guy who had seemed so fierce at first cowered down from Tallis. He stuttered as he addressed me.
"Sorry, my bad." Then he turned and walked away quickly. It was as if Tallis had said something else, but he never spoke.
I found that incredibly odd - per the usual around him. The bell rang, warning us to go to class. McKee walked up and pulled me away from Tallis. I looked back to see Mr. Mysterious was already gone.
McKee pulled me into calculus just in time. I couldn't stop thinking about all the weird things that had happened in the past couple days. Ever since I had gotten to Grayford, things had all been... screwed up.
It was certainly different than my old village. Everything there made perfect sense, but here, nothing seemed to. I was starting to feel like a jumbled up jigsaw puzzle with missing pieces, unable to see the entire picture.
I just kept feeling like there was something I was missing, but I was completely oblivious as to what it might be.

Tallis and I had several laughs during economics class while discussing our project. He seemed to be over whatever it truly was that had upset him the day before. Elaina had watched us the entire time. I could feel her eyes burning through me all throughout class.
It had been raining fiercely outside, but I could hear it starting to slack up. As we entered gym class, we were told boys and girls would be sharing the gym again. The last time that had happened, things had gotten heated between Tallis and McKee.
I could see out of the corner of my eye that Elaina and her pack of hyenas were approaching me while I was stretching.
Before they reached me, McKee ran up to me with a smile on his face. "Hey, Aria. I know that it is last-minute, but I was going to see if you wanted to maybe go out this weekend. I know a great restaurant in Salem. It's a bit of a drive, but I swear it's worth it."
He kind of caught me off guard. I stuttered for a moment as I frantically tried to think of a reason not to go out with him without hurting his feelings. "I… uh … I-"
Fortunately, the coach interrupted us with a severely scolding tone. "McKee! Get over here. Get in line. You haven't climbed the rope yet. This isn't a time to play with the girls."
McKee rolled his eyes, and then he winked at me. He jogged off quickly toward the coach. As soon as he was gone, Tallis was beside me. He almost startled me when he spoke to me in a quiet and concerned tone.
"Are you going to say yes or no?"
I jumped a little. "You have got to stop sneaking up on me like that. I'm going to die of a heart attack in high school if you don't."
He smirked slightly, but it wasn't his usual carefree grin. It was forced. It seemed as though he was upset about something.
"Sorry, but you didn't answer my question. Are you going to yes? Personally, I don't think you should. Obviously it's your choice though."
I almost wanted to smile. I stifled it very respectably though.
Be cool, Aria, I told myself. I could hear the words coming out of my mouth, but they took on a life of their own.
"I was actually going to ask you about that."
Oh crap. So not what I meant to say.
He cocked his head to the side after hearing my response. His tone was confused and almost comical. "Why exactly were you going to ask me?"
I could feel my nervousness as I twitched around uncomfortably. I had no idea what I was doing. I'd never been asked out by a guy or asked a guy out in my life. Now I was doing both in the same day - or attempting to.
I wanted to stop, spare myself the humiliation sure to ensue, but my lips kept moving on their own. The words flowed out of my unfiltered mouth without my permission.
"I was thinking that maybe you and I could do something this weekend, and then I could tell him I already have plans."
He smirked slightly and put his head down shyly while replying. "Ah."
That was all he said. That was the worst answer I could have gotten. Ah? Really? Sheesh.
I felt like an even bigger idiot than I thought possible.
Of course he doesn't want to go out with me. He doesn't date girls in high school. I'm so stupid.
I started fumbling around for the right words, keeping my trembling eyes pointed at the floor. I couldn't think of anything that would help me recover.
"Well, not like a date. It would be more of a non-date, hang out thing, or whatever."
Just kill me now. Please.
I could hear the incredibly idiotic things coming out of my mouth, but again, I could not stop them. The lock was off my lips and some mischievous little pixie had run off with the key. I was mortified by my awkward and horrible babbling.
He laughed at me lightly. "So what exactly did you have in mind for our non-date, hang out thing, or whatever?"
Great. Now he's making fun of me.
His mockery carried no subtlety. I could feel my cheeks burning red as I tried to think of anything that didn't sound completely moronic. "I don't know... The movies, or dinner or... something."
He smirked again as he looked at the floor and then back up to meet my eyes. "That doesn't sound like a non-date, hang out thing. That sounds like a date."
I could feel my whole body burning with utter humiliation now. I kept trying to find a way to dig myself back out of my hole. But that was a near impossible feat, since I felt as though I had already dug to China.
I could hear the anxiety coming through loud and clear when I spoke. "Yeah, it does." I was just ready to run and hide. "I'm sorry. It was stupid to ask. I'll leave you alone." And drop out of school to become a recluse.
I quickly turned away from him and scoured for any hiding place I could dive in.
He grabbed my hand before I could walk off. It nearly took my breath. I couldn't understand how such a small touch from him could burn so deep within me. It was all I could do not to just grab him and kiss him, especially when he touched me.
Physical contact with him always made this amazing fire within me blaze uncontrollably.
This time when he spoke, it wasn't teasing or mocking in the least. It was the same smoldering tone I had heard him use before, and it sent those delightful chills throughout me again. "I know a drive-in a couple of miles from your house. They usually play some pretty good movies. There's a diner not too far away. My treat, of course." Then he winked at me as a very cocky grin spread across his face.
It was all I could do just to be able to stand in an upright position at that moment. Of course now I was still unsure if it was a date or not. Even though I was blushing and trying not to giggle like, well... a schoolgirl, I was able to reply somewhat respectably.
"Sounds great," I muttered, an unstoppable lilt to my voice.
He slid his hand up my arm as he slowly backed away. "I better get back over there with the rest the guys, but we’ll sort out the details later," he said, leaving me burning with fever.
His touch could melt a glacier.
I was afraid if I said anything else I would burst out giggling and make a bigger idiot out of myself than what I already had. So instead, I just nodded and waved in agreement.
My smile faded quickly when Elaina finally seized her opportunity to approach me, her arms crossed in front of her. Her minion squad was right behind her, ready to surround their prey.
Elaina started giggling with her hyenas as they circled me. "So, Aria. How many guys have you slept with these first couple weeks? I think it's kind of pathetic, personally, to throw yourself at so many guys."
I could see Tallis and McKee staring in my direction. Tallis's eyes narrowed as Elaina relished my humiliation.
I was both livid and mortified.
"I haven't slept with anybody. And I'm not throwing myself at anyone either."
Elaina whispered almost threateningly to me. "Here's the deal. You're new here, so everyone wants to pet the new puppy... for now. But the truth is, you're absolutely nothing, and soon everyone else will see that, too."
She offered a fake smile to the coach when he looked our way, pausing her venomous threat and acting as though we were just two girls chatting about makeup. The second his attention veered, she returned to be the devil behind the mask.
"Stay out of my way, or life will be so much harder for you while you're here. I don't play nice. Find someone besides Tallis to play house with, or I swear you will dread every moment you have to come here for the rest of your high school experience. Got it?"
She rammed her shoulder into mine as she barged by to try and intimidate me even more. I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes. I couldn't let everyone see me cry. Things were embarrassing enough as it was.
I couldn't let Elaina have my crying as icing on the sadistic cake she just served in front of everyone.
I ran out of the gym, completely devastated. Everyone had heard our confrontation, including Tallis. I could hear him talking to her as I propped up against the wall outside the gym.
Pity laced his tone as he scolded her. "Elaina, there's absolutely nothing you say that ever means anything to anybody. Leave Aria alone, and I mean it."
I heard some people laughing, poking fun of the bully Barbie. I decided to make a mad dash to the parking lot before anyone saw me.
Tallis chased me down before I could escape. His hands ran up my arms in a comforting way, though I felt all the pathetic pity rolling over his skin. It was so embarrassing for him to see me this way. I couldn't even enjoy his touch because of the reason he was offering it.
"Aria, are you okay? I can give you a ride if you need me to."
As much as I wanted to be with him, I didn't want him seeing me like this. "Thanks, but I'll be fine. I'll see you tomorrow."
Then I walked away as quickly as I could. I could feel him still watching me, so I was trying to hold back the tears which were begging to pour out after my ghastly humiliation.
I'd never encountered somebody so ruthless as Elaina. Still wearing my gym clothes, I hopped in my car.
I didn't care if I got in trouble or not. I couldn't stay there with everyone feeling sorry for me. I'm sure there were plenty of people laughing, too. The most embarrassing part was that Tallis felt sorry for me.
I pulled out of the school parking lot and stepped on the gas. It was the first time I ever felt like I had to run away from something. Little did I know, it was only the beginning.
Chapter 5

Fantasy meets Reality

What happens when the reality you knew was actually the fantasy all along?

After driving around aimlessly for twenty minutes, I started feeling like someone was watching me, possibly following me. I looked in my rearview mirror and saw a blue car. I decided to test my theory and turned down a random road that was off to the side. The car pursued me - turning down the same road.
"Calm down, Aria. It may just be a coincidence," I mumbled aloud.
I looked around, frantically trying to devise a plan. I saw an old dirt road on the side. I slammed on my brakes and turned just as I got to it. I could feel my car fishtailing, but I quickly regained control.
The blue car squealed when it braked as I had, and then it continued to follow me. I sped up, and my eyes darted from the road to the mirror in rapid repetition. I was familiar with dirt-road driving. That was all we had in Haluali - narrow dirt trails.
The car tried keeping up with me, but I took a sharp turn to the right. When they tried to do the same, they cut the wheel wrong and the car flipped into the air. It rolled into the pasture beside the dirt road and landed it on its top.
I gasped as I saw the chase ending in the mirror. I slowed down, watching carefully to see if they were alive or dead. As soon as I saw movement, I breathed out in relief.
I wanted to check on them, or at the very least find out who was tailing me. I was too scared though. It made me flash back to the conversation Iris and I had shared. She seemed worried, even asked me if I had felt threatened. I didn't at the time. But now, I wondered if there was something I needed to know.
Who would follow me and why?
I sped back up, letting the blue car vanish from sight before I could identify my chasers. I was hoping the road wouldn't dead-end. It was a long, winding path that seemed to go on forever. There was a small cluster of trees not far away.
"Some woods. Thank God," I said in relief.
I definitely needed a sanctuary now. I couldn't go home while I was shaking and terrified. I would worry everyone.
I parked way off the road so no one would see my car. I started walking, holding my sketchbook to my chest. I found a rock resting next to a small trickling creek. It seemed peaceful, and I definitely needed a calm retreat.
Should I tell Iris about this?
I decided it would be best to hide out in the covered area until I knew for certain the blue car people were gone.
My feet crunched against the leaves that had fallen from the old, dry trees. I took a deep breath, still trying to calm my nerves. I wanted to try and sketch the small creek, which paled in comparison to the magnificent waterfall I had once sketched, but I couldn't find the will to do so. There was something else on my mind, so I started sketching the one thing that did inspire me.
I was content for the moment in my accidental hideaway, but as I finished my sketch, I heard something. It started as a slight rattling of the leaves, but then it became more defined.
I could hear something running - something that seemed to be moving unbelievably fast. It had to be an animal. Judging by the speed and incredibly loud crunching, it was a big animal.
I couldn't help but think of how everyone cautioned people about all the poisonous and dangerous animals in the jungle surrounding Haluali. I had never once come across any fatal creature. Now, here I was in Massachusetts, and something large and fast was coming right toward me with such unbelievable acceleration that it seemed almost impossible. I hate irony.
Even if I ran as fast as I could, I'd never get away, so I stayed still, praying it didn't sense or smell me.
Finally, the mystery creature came into view. To my astonishment, it was a person that had been racing toward me with such unnatural velocity. A man with short blonde hair approached me slower than he had raced in.
He was young, early twenties maybe, with an odd facial expression. Then I got sick at my stomach when I thought of the car that had chased me earlier. Maybe he was tied to them in some way - or he was one of them. I found my mind racing for answers as to why anyone would have such interest in me.
I tried to think of any other reason he could be here with me right now unless he intended me harm, but nothing came to mind, so I went with playing dumb. I took a deep breath, trying to steady my nerves before speaking.
"Hello. Is this your land?" My voice cracked slightly and the lump in my throat began growing. I found it almost impossible to breathe when my chest suddenly felt like there was a heavy mass pressing down on it.
He said nothing. He just looked at me so strangely, like he was confused and excited at the same time. His head was cocked to the side, and his mouth ever so slightly turned up in the corners, edging itself into a bone-chilling, ominous grin.
His brow was furrowed, which scrunched the spot in the middle of his eyes. His eyes shifted from side to side, as if he was looking for someone or something. He just continued to move toward me slowly, while still scouring our surroundings in a cautious fashion.
I stood up from the rock - shakily - and tucked my sketchbook in the back of my pants as I started moving backwards, ready to run. I could hear my voice crackle much worse this time while I spoke.
"I'm sorry if I disturbed you. I was just looking for a quiet place to go. I'll just be leaving now." I turned around slowly, planning to sprint to my car.
Perhaps I exaggerated his speed. It's not possible a man raced in here as quickly as I thought he had. With the large gap between us, I thought I had a chance to outrun him. But, as I got my body turned around, I released a bloodcurdling scream.
He was suddenly in front of me. As quickly as I had turned around, he had gone from a few hundred feet behind me to being directly in front of me.
Impossible.
He had a thick lock of my dark hair clasped between his index finger and thumb, rubbing the hair between his fingers. His stench was horrific. I'd never smelled something so foul. It reminded me of the way the man at the coffee shop smelled, but ever so much worse. His eyes glared at me as he raised his other hand to my face, gingerly touching my lips.
"Why would you leave, when I only just got here?" His voice was so eerie. He was so lanky and pale.
I was frozen in horror as his black eyes stared into mine. He lowered his nose to my lips and sniffed me.
"Aahhh," he said through an exhaled breath of elation.
He acted like he was getting high... on me. His hands moved to be forcefully holding the sides of my cheeks. As fear consumed me, my tears spilled free, ravaging my cheeks with a merciless flow.
His eerie voice spoke in a terrifyingly calm tone. "Don't worry, little witch. This will be over quickly. I promise." He licked his lips as he moved in a step, bringing his mouth closer to mine. "You smell strong. You must have a powerful bloodline. You smell stronger than anyone I've ever had. Mmm. This will be so good."
He glared at me so excitedly as more tears flooded my face. "You'll give me just what I've been needing."
In that next second, I felt my body getting weaker. I felt like the life was literally being sucked out of me. His mouth was close, almost touching mine, but not quite. I looked up at the tops of the trees, focusing all my attention on them as they swayed in the wind, oblivious to the depravity going on below. I didn't want the last thing I ever saw to be this monster draining the life from me.
I couldn't believe I was really going to die, and I didn't even know what he was doing. I grew up in one of the most dangerous places in the world, and I was going to die in one of the safest. The irony of it all made it even more tragic.
Just when I accepted the fact my fate was sealed, I heard something. It was fast, large, and charging toward us. The only thing I could think of was that this guy, or this thing, had a partner who was going to join him in this… whatever it was killing me.
A gust of wind flew by my head and I fell to the ground. I coughed hard and then gasped in a breath of air while grabbing my throat. I felt my strength coming back quickly, even though I still felt more brittle than I ever had before. At least I didn't feel like I was dying anymore.
I glanced up to see the lanky blonde man looking around, as if he wondered like I did, what just happened. He spun in circles while screaming into the treetops.
"Where are you?! Show yourself! Fight like a real eternal!"
Eternal?
I had no idea who he was talking to. I never saw anyone. I tried to stand to my feet to run away, but the lanky man turned his attention back to me. Keeping his dark eyes on me, he yelled back into the woods to the mystery presence.
"If you want her for yourself, you'll have to fight me for her! I won't give her up that easily!"
He was back in front of me in a blink again. He grabbed me by my throat and lifted me back to his mouth. I was fighting uselessly, trying ineffectively to pry his hand from my collapsing airway.
Then my same savior whooshed past me again. And just like before, I landed on the ground. I looked around again, but nothing. The lanky man threw off his long jacket.
"Come on! Come on! I can't smell you, but I know you're there! You can't be a witch or a changer, so you must be a bodyguard. You can't possibly defeat me. Run away or show your face, coward!"
What the hell is he talking about?
Every time I thought it couldn't get any crazier... it got crazier.
His yells could have been heard for miles, if there had been anyone else around to hear it. Then I saw a flash. From tree to tree, there was just a blur. Then suddenly, before the lanky man could reach me again, there was a body standing between us.
Every breath I tried to take evaded my grasp when I saw who it was. I recognized the body that stood in front of me, saving me. I'd spent weeks memorizing it from the back. It was Tallis.
He quickly turned to me and pointed behind me while speaking in a forceful, slightly panicked tone. "Get back, Aria!" Then he turned back around as the lanky man charged him.
They began to fight. Well... I think. It was all happening so fast, so it was hard to see. Trees cracked, leaves crunched, and grunts released as the blur of motion went on to further traumatize my widened eyes. I didn't know if I should run or hide, but like the petrified fool I was, I stayed there, staring open-mouthed at the mess of impossibilities.
In less than a blink, Tallis was behind the man, grabbing his arm and throwing him into a tree at least a hundred feet away. Unbidden, a gasp slipped through my lips, and I covered my mouth before it made any other unsanctioned sounds to draw attention my way.
The man stood up and charged Tallis. They were face to face again within seconds. The man grabbed Tallis by the neck and slammed his head into the rock where I had been sitting earlier. A muffled squeak fell out of my covered mouth, but the man was too busy to acknowledge me.
Tallis!
The rock shattered, shocking the crap out of me. Tallis was unscathed.
How is that possible?
He retaliated by breaking the man's hands and kicking him in the chest simultaneously. It seemed like sparks flew as he connected his foot with the man's chest. Amazingly, it threw the man backwards at least sixty feet.
The man shook his hands and the bones cracked as they reconnected. It wasn't natural, and I couldn't believe what I had just witnessed. Sickness now joined my fearful adrenaline rush.
Tallis couldn't fight this monster. There was no way.
Then the man stared at Tallis and smiled as he reached to the sky, as if he were trying to grab something. Suddenly, fire blazed from his hands.
I gasped loudly, scrambling backwards instantly and tripping over a stone. I thudded against the ground, but I crawled backwards until a tree halted my retreat.
My eyes couldn't possibly get any wider. This couldn't be real.
A blazer... like Iris's story.
Tales of magic and mayhem struck me with realization, making me almost convulse. He was trying to steal my essence - that was what he was drawing out of me. That meant I was a… but this couldn't possibly be… None of this was making any sense, and a single coherent thought refused to process.
There was no way that all of that could be real. I had to be dreaming, or having a nightmare, rather.
"Wake up, Aria!" I said frantically to myself, half-crying, half-laughing through hysteria. But it wasn't working, it was all still happening. There's no way-
My thoughts were interrupted as the man sent fire blazing right at Tallis. Tallis jumped, spiraling through the air, landing on his feet behind the man. The man turned around swiftly, but Tallis kicked him again, sending him sailing.
He landed next to me this time. The man jumped up and grabbed me with one arm around my neck and one hand pointed to my head like a weapon.
"I'll kill her now and neither of us can have her. If you want to share with me, I'll let you go first. Otherwise, neither of us get her."
Then the man stared at Tallis for a moment and gasped slightly. "You're a light eternal. You plan to save her! It'll never happen. If you're a guard, you shouldn't have a light. Why can't I smell your essence if you're a-" He didn't finish his sentence, which only added to my mounds of confusion.
He was breathing heavily, more than likely out of breath after that epic battle. More tears streamed from my eyes as the overwhelming amount of panic flooded me mercilessly.
Tallis smiled as if he knew something I didn't. Then he winked at me as he threw his right hand forward. The man's hand that had been beside my head was now gone.
Ashes fell from his arm where his hand should have been. The man screamed in pain and stared in shock. He dropped me and turned to run. Tallis jumped over to me in one gallant bound. Then he threw both of his arms forward with his hands pointed upward and his fingers spread apart. I watched as the man turned to solid ash, and a loud boom erupted through the forest. The man was no more. Not even a speck of dust remained.
My heart was still racing, refusing to find a slower rhythm.
Tallis turned to look at me. His eyes were riddled with panic and sincere concern as he gauged trembling hands. He knelt down and scooped me up in his arms. I whimpered involuntarily, terrified of what else might be out there.
He started walking, carrying me effortlessly. He looked down with his still sad eyes.
"Are you okay?" he asked softly, treating me like a frightened rabbit caught in a trap.
I cleared my throat nervously. Despite everything I just witnessed, I wasn't even the least bit afraid of him. Although I was so ridiculously confused.
"I th... think so." My voice went out for a moment, making it impossible say any more.
His eyes now looked even more concerned. "Are you sure? I wasn't sure how long he had you."
I could hear the uncertainty and shakiness in my tone. "Yeah… Wh…what…what-" I couldn't finish my question. I'm sure a grave sense of shock played a part in that.
"I know this is going to seem crazy, probably more than crazy, but it was a follower from the Dramus circle. It's actually the Graven circle now. Your grandmother told you most of the story, or at least the story she knows. It's overwhelming, I know, but you have to grasp this as reality right now. I have to get you to my place and make sure he didn't do more damage than we realize."
Grasp this as reality? Are you kidding?
I couldn't possibly grasp the bedtime story Iris told me as reality, even though I saw it for myself. It all seemed too psychotic to be real. It had to be a dream. I felt like I was insane for even considering such a possibility.
I was still trying to make sense of the irrational situation.
"So you're a… I mean... you can… And that guy was a… that means that I'm a-"
He just smiled encouragingly at my stammering attempt. "Welcome to the real world, Aria. I just need you to try to understand and trust me right now. I know it's a lot to digest, but we have to get out of here."
"Okay."
Okay? I didn't know why I said that. It just came out. Absolutely nothing was okay, other than him holding me. Despite all logic, I felt safe in his arms - protected. He'd just battled some fire wielding demon to save me.
I had one arm wrapped around his neck and my other was flat against his chest. His heart was beating fast, too.
Well duh, he was just in a massive fight with a blazer.
Oh my gosh… this was real. I started crying, overwhelmed by the complete absurdity of it all when it crashed down on me.
"It's okay. I promise. It's all a little much at first, but it gets better. You'll like my sister. She'll be able to help the overwhelming emotions you're experiencing. My mom can help you understand things better. Just be prepared for Desmond, my brother... He's going to be intense at first. He's harmless though. My dad may surprise you a bit, considering what you have been told."
It sounded like he was talking gibberish, though I'm almost sure it was English.
His voice was so sincere and calm. Regardless of everything that had just happened, he was calm.
I didn't have the strength to speak anymore. I just nodded in acceptance of what he said, and the next thing I knew, he was putting me in the passenger seat of my car.
I had never noticed before, but that same symbol I'd seen all over the house was imbedded on the headrests of my seats, as well as the dashboard, and even the floor mats - the crescent moon inside the eye.
How have I missed these? Great. I was just attacked by something that shouldn't exist, saved by a guy from school with exploding hands, and my concern was symbols etched in my car. Perfect. I've lost my mind.
As soon as he shut my door, it seemed like he was opening the driver's door. I couldn't process all of this right now. It was too much too quick, but I knew I had to. Someone or some... thing just tried to kill me. If it hadn't been for Tallis, the monster would have succeeded in his quest.
The music played dully in the background as he drove away from the dirt road. I had to ask him something. I had to know how he knew - about me in trouble and who I was, when I didn't even know.
I could hear my voice still weak and shaky as I overloaded him with my incessant list of questions. "How did you know where I was? How did you know he was killing me? Who are you really? Who am I? What are we exactly?"
He smiled compassionately, but never took his eyes off the road as he responded with his voice still calm. It was like it was nothing out of the ordinary for him.
"I was worried about you driving while being so upset, so I followed you. I kept a good distance, tracking the slight scent you were leaving behind. It’s not hard to follow. You have a strong essence. That's why he wanted you so badly. McKee and Taryn were a little less obvious. I have to admit, I was impressed by your dirt road driving skills. The way you shook them off your tail was-"
I interrupted him with panic in my voice as I sat straight up. "That was Taryn and McKee? Oh my gosh! I have to go see how badly they're hurt! I didn't know they-"
"Whoa, relax. They're fine. They never saw me either. I was on foot. They aren't hurt at all. There's a lot you don't know about them. I know he's your lover boy and all, but he walked away without a scratch. I promise. No need to panic, Aria."
I sighed in exasperation over his comment. "He's not my lover boy. I just met him and his sister the first day of school. They're friends of my grandparents." I paused briefly. "How could they possibly be okay? That car rolled off the road and looked like it lost a fight with a compactor."
His head bobbed once with a bit of a laugh, surprising me. Then he smirked, still not taking his eyes off the road. "They're invincibles, or bodyguards, whatever you want to call them." He seemed to be enjoying all of this.
He spoke like I was supposed to know exactly he was talking about. I knew the confusion in my voice was unmistakable. "What is an invincible?"
"Your grandmother doesn’t go into a whole lot of detail on them during her story, but an invincible - or bodyguard - is a being that is nearly indestructible. They're immune to many witch powers, and they're sheer brute force. They have a talent for hiding a witch's essence from the wrong person, too.
"That's why they were following you. Your essence is so strong though, so they weren't doing such a good job. I am, however, a better tracker than most. I'm sure Iris told them not to take their eyes off you. They're probably going to be in big trouble when she finds out one of the dark followers attacked you."
He snickered at that last part, enjoying the fact McKee screwed up. Then his face turned more worried. It was as if he just realized how close I came to dying. Then he didn't find that so funny. His lips pursed with extreme distress.
I broke his concentration as my voice rang out in panic yet again. "First of all, Iris can't find out! Secondly, who is Graven?" I was so lost.
"Oh, Iris has to find out. Otherwise, the next time may be far worse. I killed that guy back there so no one would find out about you, but your essence is so strong when completely unguarded, that he probably smelled it thirty miles away the second you stepped out of your car.
"Who knows who else caught a whiff without a bodyguard around to hide you. I'm surprised McKee and Taryn didn't track you down after the wreck. Iris needs to be on the lookout. When you shook your tails – meaning McKee and Taryn - you shook your protection. They were so preoccupied tumbling that they lost their grip, and your essence most likely attracted a lot of unwanted admirers."
He talked about killing that guy as if it was an everyday occurrence. I still hadn't even tried to reconcile that part of the day in my mind yet. I was going to need more therapy than I'd ever be able to afford.
"So... can you disguise my scent?" I was starting to worry about being sniffed out again, which was evident in my tone.
He laughed, finding humor in my question for no real good reason. "No, I'm not a bodyguard, although I can slightly mask your essence when I'm close enough. I'm sort of just like you, but with a bit of a twist. You'll see."
Then I thought of how he reacted to me at the coffee shop. The man who smelled almost the same as this man... he was one of them. Tallis had thrown himself almost on top of me.
"Is that why you did that at the coffee shop? You already knew who I was, or what I am? What am I again?"
He smirked slightly as he replied. "Yes, that's why I did that at the coffee shop. If I'm close enough to you, I can mask your scent to a certain degree. I knew you were a witch, I just didn't realize that you were a Bradbury. Someone has been masking your blood smell as well. It's mixed with Weislen blood, so that dilutes the smell slightly. They've most likely masked your blood with a symbolta potion though."
"A symbolta potion?" I turned my nose up slightly.
He laughed... again. Glad I'm a one-girl comedy act.
"It's a tasteless liquid they most likely poured into your drink once a day. I use the same thing to mask my blood. The crest is liquefied and… well, it gets complicated."
Crest?
I squinted slightly, regarding him curiously. "Why would you need to mask your blood?"
He smiled. "You aren't the only one with strong family connections. Sometimes, it's better to be safe than sorry. You have to try to smell blood. It takes concentration. I, however, don't like to leave things to chance, especially with so many of your coven around. If I had known you were a Bradbury, then I would've been a little more careful and not taken you to the coffee house. I would've just brought you to my house instead. I promise I didn't mean to put you in danger."
I shrugged slightly at his comment. "What does it a matter if I'm a Bradbury? How did you know I was… um... that?"
I couldn't bring myself to say witch. It almost seemed silly to use such a word.
"They kept you masked well at school, but I could tell you had magic coursing through your veins. I'm a little different than most in the magical world. Not too many can do as I do.
"Everett is part of the magical community as well. Most likely a bodyguard, given his behavior and stature. The way he concentrated in the coffee shop gave him away. He was working hard to cover your scent completely. I knew I couldn't have masked you that well. That guy was far too close not to smell you without a strong guard nearby."
I ignored the last part. It was all becoming too overwhelming for me to digest. I went back to the part where people could smell me from thirty miles away. "What if they find us right now? What if they're following us?"
"Not likely. Those are protective marks." He pointed to the symbols that had piqued my curiosity since I'd gotten to the Bradbury Manor. "That's your family's crest. Anyone considered a part of the Bradbury coven is protected by it. It won't completely cover your scent once you've evolved - or inherited your powers, rather - but for now, it'll keep you safe. Only a slight bit of your essence escapes, however, I haven't sensed anyone close enough to track you, though your scent is still all over the woods.
"The crest only works in small places like this one, your house, and your yard. The ownership of something pushes the link to be stronger, and you can't own too much of a vast area or it weakens the crest. You can own a lot and crest a lot, however, it has to be in smaller clusters, as opposed to one massive area. It's the only safe way to do things."
I felt like I just flunked a class in school. It was too much.
Then he smiled really big for no obvious reason.
"By the way, Aria, you dropped this during the attack earlier. I picked it up for you while I was saving you…yet again." His shirt slid up slightly as he pulled something from the waist of his jeans. Then he continued speaking in an even more adorable, but teasing tone. "I guess I must have made quite the impression."
His cocky little smile was so smug as he handed me my sketchbook that I had been drawing on earlier. It had his face on the open page from where I had been sketching before the lanky man attacked me.
Yep. I wish the blonde monster had just killed me.
I felt like crawling under something... anything. I reached over and jerked my humiliating binding out of his hand. And then I found my self slinking down in my seat awkwardly. He chuckled at my expense, and my cheeks burned even hotter.
My sketchbook now smelled like him though. I'd never forget the fact it was touching his body.
"I have to admit, it was flattering to know how well you had my face memorized."
His tone grew to be even more teasing, and my embarrassment swallowed me whole. I had to change the subject before my beaming red face gave him anymore amusement.
"So, that's twice you've mentioned my grandmother's house and the story she told. I never saw you there during the big party." And I know I would have noticed you.
I bit my lip, hoping he would just forget the sketch and answer the question.
He smirked even more smugly.
Then, with complete sarcasm, he responded, "Subtle."
I stifled a laugh. He was definitely cute when he was teasing me. He laughed a little more, but he decided to answer my question.
"I was curious as to why all the bodyguards were in town. They're hard to miss with all of their bulging muscles. I heard of at least thirty or forty witches coming into town, too. It was obvious that a young witch was soon to arrive, but I didn't know which coven they belonged to until the-"
"The coffee shop," I interrupt, sick of talking about that day already. It's like he was reassuring me he had no idea who I was related to. What's the big deal?
He chuckled and nodded,
"I know the Bradbury story like the back of my hand. I just wish the Bradbury's knew the whole story. Once you told me who you were, I knew you had heard your grandmother's story."
I swallowed hard, trying not to study him too intensely. My heart was thudding for new reasons as my eyes trailed the curve of his jaw to his soft lips.
So not the time for these thoughts.
Fortunately, Tallis didn't notice my wandering eyes and distracted train of thought, so he continued. "Less powerful bloodlines don't draw as much attention as the stronger bloodlines. Even though your essence is masked, it still screams for attention. It draws people in without them even realizing it.
"I've felt drawn to you since the first day I saw you. I felt you that day at the mall. I never saw you, but when I met you later at the restaurant, I felt that same tug. I didn't realize the reason for such a strong pull until you told me of your bloodline. You've pretty much got a target painted on you. I'm glad I followed you after you ran out of the gym."
I cringed very noticeably. I almost forgot about how Elaina humiliated me, given the more serious, life threatening events I just endured.
Then I smiled at him in a slightly mischievous way. "So, you're like … stalking me in a protective manner?" I couldn't help but tease him a little for a change.
He laughed harder. "No. I'm just trying to keep you alive. You have a knack for the whole 'wrong place, wrong time' scenario." I looked at him with a slight scowl. He smiled and shrugged at me playfully. "Just saying."
The car veered right, pulling down a long paved driveway. It had symbols, too. They were more tribal than ours, and they looked just like his tattoo. My mind flashed back to the matching tattoos Ash and Jay shared. Those lying, shady jerks!
My eyes fell and fixated on the tribal symbol Tallis had on his shoulder. He saw me staring at it.
"That's my family crest." He touched his shoulder where his tattoo was. Then he continued. "My mother and father constructed it centuries ago."
He reached over and unbuckled my seatbelt, though I wasn't sure why. I could have done that myself.
He continued speaking while driving slower. "Whenever you become fully eternal, your coven crest - or your family crest - marks you. If you should change covens, your crest will change as well. It's magic's way of claiming its children."
This driveway was massive, and gallant trees bounded in front of us, blocking all else. Everything was so lush and green here, like it was spring instead of fall.
"So why didn't you come to the big welcome party?"
Grandma Iris invited all kinds of beings from the magical world obviously, so I couldn't imagine why he wouldn't have been invited as well, or why he wouldn't have come.
He seemed distracted, looking around as he gave me a very nonchalant, vague answer. "Oh, well, you know. Family stuff. Long story."
He parked directly in front of a house that somehow managed to sneak up on me in my distracted frame of mind. It was so massive and contemporary. It was an A-frame type architecture - three or four stories high. It had amazing attention to detail. The stacking stones layered it, making it all the more breathtaking.
As soon as the car quit rolling, my door flew open and Tallis was scooping me up, carrying me swiftly to the door. He was so fast. I guess that's why he unbuckled my seatbelt before we even stopped.
I smiled at him, looking him directly in his breathtakingly mystifying eyes, as I spoke with a playful tone. "Show off."
He smiled bigger than I'd seen him smile yet, as he carried me in and placed me on the couch that felt like voluptuous folds of sheer heaven. It was so soft and everything smelled so good, almost tropical. The whole house had such a peaceful and relaxing feel to it.
I started to stand up as he walked out of the room, but he quickly rebuked my attempt.
"What're you doing? Sit back down."
He was back at my side in an instant, gently forcing me back down on the couch.
My voice was nervous again from being in his home. I wasn't prepared for the nerves to hit me like they were.
“I need to use your restroom."
"Oh, no problem." Then he scooped me back up, treating me like an infant. My eyes widened.
"You're so not carrying me in there. I'm good to walk."
I could feel my face blushing deeply yet again. He smirked, now slightly blushing as well.
He spoke in a softer, less worried tone. "Okay, but I'm walking you to the door."
I stared at him, trying to figure out a way to sidestep the awkwardness. He noticed what I was thinking and spoke to me somewhat comically.
"I'm not going to stand at the door and listen to you do your business."
Oh this was so mortifying. "I just need a minute to compose myself before I meet the rest of your family." I started to finger-comb through my hair as I spoke. "I think it would be better if I didn't look like I was just drug through the woods."
"Whatever you say. You look good, considering how much you were tossed around." He leaned forward and caressed my cheek softly. "You're going to be okay, you know. I'll make sure of it."
He was so close to me. His body was discharging the most sensational heat I had ever felt before. It was like he had his own gravity field that pulled me in.
He leaned over and I prepared myself for whatever he was about to do. I started to close my eyes as he opened the door to a bathroom behind me. “Here it is."
I felt like a bit of a fool now.
"Oh, yeah, thanks."
He bit back a grin, but it was pointless. He finally walked away, laughing, and leaving me with my humiliation for thinking he was about to frigging kiss me.
He enjoyed making me squirm. I was sort of enjoying it, too. I just wish I didn't sound like a babbling goof all the time.
It suddenly hit me, and I grew incredibly nervous. I was about to meet his family. I'd never met any guy's family. Albeit this wasn't a date or anything. It was still gut-wrenching.
I tried to reason with myself, lessen the severity of the situation.
It's just a meeting with someone who's going to explain all the crazy to me. And it just happens to be his mother.
Nope. No better.
I fought off the panic attack that was begging to take hold of me. When I realized I was fighting a losing battle, I splashed cold water on my face. It was then I was thankful for Aster and Ash's thoroughness with the waterproof makeup. I looked bad enough without also looking like a raccoon.
I tamed down my hair that had been blown all over the place. I really regretted not changing out of my gym clothes at that moment.
I walked out of the bathroom and turned off the light. I exhaled loudly before I started walking back into the living room, and there they all were. They were all sitting, waiting, and staring at me. I felt so incredibly uncomfortable as they studied me, making me feel on display.
Tallis jumped up and walked over to me, snaking his arm around my waist to lead me to the smaller sofa, and then he sat down beside me. His arm slid across my shoulders, trying to help comfort me... I guessed. But it didn't help very much.
The pretty girl I saw with him at the restaurant was here - his sister. She walked over to me, and I suddenly felt so peaceful and comforted. She smiled warmly at me as serenity filled my veins.
Her hair was so blonde it was almost white. Her skin was flawlessly pale, but her cheeks were a perfect subtle light pink - an almost natural blush color. Her eyes were icy blue, the lightest blue I'd ever seen. Her slender body was cloaked with a white hooded cape. She wore a knee-length, white lacy dress under it.
She pulled off her hood as she walked away, resuming her place beside her mother.
Then a darker haired woman spoke in a very soft and warm sort of tone. "My name is Allaysia. I'm Tallis's mother, as I'm sure you've already guessed. Don't worry, you're safe here. They couldn't have tracked you. Tallis is good at spotting tails."
Tallis looked at me and raised his eyebrows up and down in a cocky manner. He was proud of the confidence his mother had in him.
Allaysia was amazingly beautiful. She didn't look old enough to be their mother. She looked maybe thirty-four, thirty-five. She had long black hair and midnight blue eyes. She wore an elegant knee-length, high-waist skirt, with a cashmere button-up blouse tucked into it. She had a beautiful pearl necklace and a pair of pearl earrings to complement the bracelet that was also made of pearls.
"Tallis told us who you are and what happened today. There have been scouts coming in and out of here. They know a new witch has reached an age where the guardians can no longer mask her. They know you're here - they just don't know who you are... yet. We have to talk to your family and let them know what's going on."
I didn't even know what was going on. Guardians? Reached what age? Of all the questions, there was one that plagued me the most. Why does she seem scared of facing my family? Why do they all seem apprehensive about it?
"Okay," I murmured. "Let’s go. I'll call my grandma to let her know we're on our way."
Tallis's brother was sitting beside Allaysia. He was incredibly stocky and seemed very displeased with my being there. He startled me when jumped up in protest to my response and its casualness.
"No! I don't feel like fighting off an ambush from the Bradbury coven! They'll hang us up by our feet before they even let us speak! She shouldn't be here either. This is all outrageous."
I was taken aback by his outburst. I wasn't expecting that.
"Desmond!" Allaysia scolded, but he ignored her, his eyes intensely focused on me, silently willing me to disappear forever.
I looked over at Tallis who was glaring at his brother. "Not necessary to yell at her, Des. She has no idea what's going on right now. Until today, she didn't even know what it meant to be a Bradbury. Not until some half-wit blazing scout was seeking her out. Do you mind telling me how she's guilty of anything but being oblivious to all the secrets of our world?"
His tone was so strong and steady. He seemed to sound incredibly protective of me. It made me feel better just hearing such emotion from him. Although, I wasn't sure what anything he said meant, nor did I understand what Desmond had meant.
Desmond responded to Tallis with a more callous and exaggeratedly dramatic tone than before. "She doesn't know because they shelter their witches - like their so coveted. I bet none of them can do what you do. Not even her. I bet none of them can do what I can, or what Ayla can either. They've probably never seen anything like our power. That's the real reason they hate us."
"Hate you?" I questioned impulsively, not intending to. It just popped out of my mouth as unexpectedly as a random hiccup. I coiled myself into the protective arms of Tallis, in fear of another outburst from Desmond.
He started to unleash a new wrath on me, but then I saw Ayla touch his cheek and he sat back down. His face seemed to return to a normal color instead of the bright crimson red that had taken over.
He went from angry to peaceful within seconds. Then Ayla spoke. Her voice was soothing - as gentle as a cool breeze on a hot day. It seemed as if she was completely neutral.
"They don't hate us. They don't yet even know we exist. They'll hate where we come from. They only know what they've been told. They haven't heard the whole story. No one has ever tried to tell them either. We've all worried they would reject our story and then the shred of hope for an alliance would be shattered.
"We haven't given them the opportunity to make a decision - right or wrong. We can only assume the history between our families will cause them to judge too quickly. But, now we have a young Bradbury, which Tallis has saved, to vouch for us. She has seen who we are. This has been necessary for a long time, and she has given us a reason to do it."
She returned to her mother's side and pulled her hood back over her head.
Allaysia patted her daughter's leg. "Ayla's right. We haven't given them the benefit of the doubt. I think no matter what happens, it's time. I want you to hear first," she said, turning her attention to me. "They may listen a little more if one of their own understands. Tallis promises that you're a good person. His faith in you is enough for me."
I looked up and smiled at Tallis. He looked down and grinned at me, making my stomach flutter. His arm got tighter around my body. It felt so warm and perfectly safe. His mother got a book from the shelf, similar to the one I had seen Iris read from before, only thicker. I leaned against Tallis, resting my head against his chest.
He looked down and concern flashed across his face. "Are you okay? Are you hurting? Should I-"
"Shh," I interrupted, and then I spoke in a whispered voice as I continued. "I'm fine. I just haven't gotten all my strength back yet."
I leaned in a little more, and he held me tighter in response.
The truth? I was plenty strong enough to sit up. I just wanted him to hold me closer. Pathetic, I know, but effective nonetheless.
Despite the unbelievably disorienting day I'd dealt with, it was so nice to finally be next to him. His absolutely magnificent scent flooded me in the most exhilarating way. I couldn't help but nestle myself into his embrace even more. I could feel his chest rising and falling with each breath, and the fire consumed me as it always did when I felt his touch.
Allaysia walked over and sat down in a small rocking chair in front of the fireplace. She cleared her throat slightly as she began to read aloud.
Chapter 6

Two Sides to Every Story

It's much harder to hear the whole truth and not just the truth that is the easiest to accept.

"In the beginning of magic, Isis Bradbury was granted the first gifts of magic and true immortality. She was the mother of all magic. However, there was another woman who was chosen as well. Women were natural conductors for magic in the beginning, before it evolved. The second woman chosen was Allora Selan. Her light was just as pure as the light of Isis.
"Several centuries passed and magic evolved. Allora found her soul mate, Dramus Craymon. Allora never let Dramus or anyone else know of her true powers, which were the same as Isis's abilities. She could control every bit of magic she had come into contact with.
"She claimed to only be a blinder, so she could stay back in the shadows and live her life without the high expectations that people had for Isis. Allora was a little more reserved and timid than Isis. She also did not bear the confidence Isis had. She enjoyed getting to hide in the shadows while Isis shined like a bright star.
"Dramus was light at first, but then he started becoming different. A young witch who was close to transformation had tried luring Dramus away from Allora. Dramus was a powerful enforcer with a prestigious name, a pillar among magical community, so plotting girls had ulterior motives quite often.
"He originally had no intention of leaving Allora; however, he was happy about how badly the young witch wanted him. His vanity knew no bounds.
"Her essence was strong, so he pondered if she would make a better mate than Allora, his blinder. He knew soul mates were irreplaceable, and he could never truly love anyone else, but his most passionate desire was to be more powerful than Isis and Merlin.
"He was in second place, and that wasn't good enough. Sometimes power in the wrong hands can cause one to be greedy. Sometimes, with someone who has malicious intentions, greed even outweighs love.
"He kissed the mortal witch with the intentions of simply being promiscuous for a while, waiting to find out her true powers. He suddenly found himself inhaling her essence. He could feel himself getting stronger with each drawn breath.
"He could see that he was killing the young witch, but he couldn't have cared less for her wellbeing. His light turned dark as he slowly killed the witch, the first one to ever do so. Magic had been tarnished and a new era began.
"Soul mates were more connected than most people understood at the time. Allora, who had no intentions of ever stealing another's essence, suddenly found herself with the same dark light as her bonded mate. It was nothing she could control. She was weaker than Dramus because she had never laid full claim to her power.
"Magic had evolved in an unexpected way. At the time, all lights were white and pure, just as magic had intended for them to be. At the time magic chose her soul mate, Dramus was light, like her. Nowadays, you never have soul mates on opposing sides - magic adapts.
"Allora worked for decades trying to exercise the gifts she had left dormant. She practiced anytime Dramus was away. She just wanted to reserruct her light, her purity. She didn't want his tainted magic invading her. To break free and destroy him, she needed to be stronger.
"She knew if she let him know about her hidden powers, he would use her to rule with darkness. She was trying so hard to be stronger than him, desperate to free the world from the monster in her bed.
"Soul mates are linked, but Isis and Allora could control what Merlin and Dramus knew, because of their incredible gifts. It was a secret clause that magic had given them, just in case.
"Allora was able to keep her thoughts secret from Dramus and she projected his mind with the things she wanted him to believe. She had seen Merlin and Isis coming to kill her. She knew it was the only way destroy Dramus and end his reign of darkness when she failed to ever grow stronger than him on her own.
"He was becoming stronger everyday, and more and more started to follow him into the dark. He quickly found himself crowned king among his devil worshipers. Such praise only fed his ego and fueled his lust for more power.
"Allora and Dramus had three children that no one else in the magical world knew about, and the majority still don't.
"Graven was the eldest, Aylana was the middle, and... Allaysia was the youngest."
I gasped, not really meaning to. Tallis loosened his grip on me as his body got tense. Desmond's jaw clenched while his eyes glared into mine, daring me to say the wrong thing.
"You're safe, Aria, but if you decide you don't want to hear any more, I understand," Allaysia said softly, careful not to spook me.
I could feel the anguish in the room. They were tortured souls atoning for the sins of their family. I couldn't very well abandon them. I didn't want to. I didn't feel threatened, and I was safely tucked in Tallis's arms.
"I'm fine. Sorry. Please continue," I murmured softly, smiling lightly when Tallis's grip tightened again.
She nodded and took a deep breath before readying herself for the rest of the story.
"No one knew of their existence because of what evil plans Dramus had in store. Graven chose the dark and began following in his father's footsteps. Aylana chose light, insulting her father with her insolence.
"Dramus was furious. He didn't even know they really had a choice. She had chosen her side and awaited her transformation. Dramus planned to force her light to change by locking her up until she drained an essence after her transformation.
"To keep her safe, Allora sent her away to be hidden from Dramus. However, Dolian, the leader of the changers, hunted her down. He and Dramus had been planning an attack of unimaginable proportions. Every human and every light eternal would be destroyed. Only evil would prevail. Only some of the stronger families would be kept imprisoned to produce future witches.
"He was mad with power, and Dolian was just as dark. Allora had betrayed him by sending away Aylana. He decided to punish her in a way that would devastate her the most. He planned to make her too terrified to ever cross him again. There was only one way to accomplish such a feat.
"When Dramus found Aylana, he drank her essence and left his daughter's body somewhere in Egypt, where Allora had sent her to be safe. Allora felt the pain of her daughter's death as if it were her own. It was worse than dying herself.
"Allora's hatred for Dramus grew immensely after that. She hated him for what he had done to her light. She hated him for what he had done to their daughter. She hated him for not even letting her bury her daughter properly. She had seen the future that he had planned to create, and how he had planned to use their children in his dark circle. Graven had chosen dark already, and Aylana had died for choosing light. There was only one child left.
"Dramus carried a bodyguard with him at all times. Their power is limited though. They can only hide you for a maximum of three weeks. He would swap out guards here and there. He kept himself cloaked at all times so he could hide his plans from Isis and Merlin. They only saw bits and pieces of his plan when he would change guards. Dramus was always prowling for new essences to steal and never remained behind the protective crests of his home that blocked the seers from their visions.
"He always pressed his guards to keep him cloaked. It was exhausting for the guards to use their magic continually, but Dramus did not care. He didn't know, however, that because Allora was his soul mate, the bodyguards could not cloak him from her. Soul mate bonds were stronger than any outside magic. Even still, he didn't know she could see the future at all, so he never thought to worry about such things. He only knew of her blinding power.
"Allora had a vision one night about her youngest daughter, Allaysia. She saw Allaysia choosing light, and she saw Dramus killing her just as he had Aylana. This time, he planned to make Allora watch her daughter die. Allora saw herself attacking him, but not being able to use her power against him.
"Allora refused to let him kill another one of her children. A mother's love may have been even stronger than the bondage of a soul mate. She knew she would never be able to kill Dramus herself. She loathed him in every possible way, but she was bonded to him. Magic would have never allowed it. She was imprisoned by a bond that was never intended to cause pain. He was bound as well. Otherwise, he would have killed her long ago, when she had hidden Aylana. She only knew of one option to exact her revenge and free the world of his destruction.
"She still knew a few people from the light circle that she could trust, and she knew they would take care of her daughter without anyone finding her before her transformation. At the time, Allaysia was still just seven-years-old. There was a changer who knew the details of Allora's predicament, and knew that she had never chosen the dark light for herself. His name was Damon Verdan. She sent Damon away with her daughter."
Verdan? That meant... but Tallis wasn't a changer. I saw him use powers. He didn't shift into some beast.
Allaysia paused as her husband came to sit down and put his arm around her. I watched as he offered her an encouraging smile and wiped the tear from her eye. No matter where they came from, they weren't evil. There was too much love flowing in the house for them to be tainted in any way.
Tallis slid down in the seat a little, wary of my reaction. He studied me, waiting for me to respond to what I'd just learned. Without thinking, I reached for his free hand and interlocked our fingers. I could almost feel sparks erupt, and he smirked as his eyes became solely focused on mine.
Allaysia cleared her throat from the emotions that had crept up on her before she continued, drawing my attention away from Tallis. My fingers slipped out of his just as she started again.
"Allora then did the only thing she could think of to stop Dramus. He was too powerful and indestructible with all the essences he had stolen. She was the only weakness he had. If she died, then he would be weakened enough for Isis to kill him.
"Her plan was to send Isis a vision of her alone and offer her the location where their castle was. She also showed her that Dramus far away. She knew they would come for her swiftly, because they were rarely able to get visions about Allora and Dramus.
"She disabled the crests so they could break in with little resistance. She dispersed most of the guards before Isis and Merlin arrived. She planned to fight briefly, only blinding them. If she gave in too easily, Dramus would have sensed the betrayal. She planned to use her link as his soul mate to let him see her fighting them. She never planned to hurt them, she only wanted them to kill her.
"She never told Isis who she was or showed her anything that would have cleared her name from defamation. She knew Isis would never kill her if she had. It was yet another sacrifice she had to make. Ideally, Dramus would chase them down to try and kill them, not realizing he had become vulnerable due to Allora's death. Then Isis and Merlin could destroy him and Allora's daughter could live on in peace.
"The first part of her plan worked. They chased Allora down and destroyed her, but they quit chasing Dramus instead of pressing on. When Isis drained Allora, it had taken so much strength for Allora to hide her noble intentions and only reveal the evil plans that Dramus had for their future.
"Unfortunately, she had to leave out the part he had planned for her children. They never saw Graven, because of Allora's will to mask Allaysia. Another oversight in her plan occurred as well. Dramus never sought revenge for her death, as almost any soul mate would have done. The reason he was able to resist was the same reason she was able to offer herself as a sacrifice to aid in his death.
"It was the light division between them. They were together before there was any such thing and since then, it has never happened. Although her light appeared dark and tainted, it truly was not. It was just as pure as ever. Soul mates should never be divided in their lights, and now it's impossible.
"They didn't realize he would be able to regain his strength, although it did leave him weak enough for Isis to kill him eventually. Had Allora lived, Dramus would have survived that decimating blast with his unnatural invincibility.
"It was a silent sacrifice with so many high prices to pay for her descendents that stayed light. Allora cast one last spell as Isis had in her final moments. She created a whole new form of magic. They were called light guardians.
"They were magical beings who could hide a witch's essence until they transformed. Unlike the bodyguards, their time was not limited, at least not intentionally. Allora had left her magic dormant for so long that the spell didn't have enough power to do as she wished. Instead of staying hidden until they were transformed, they were hidden until they were somewhere around sixteen or seventeen.
"That was all the power she had. The guardians would feel when the time was drawing near and the mortal witch would have to leave in order to keep them hidden for the next witch in need of their assistance.
"Using her dreaming power, she projected the image into her daughter's head with all the strength she had to show her everything. She didn't care if everyone else in the world hated her, she had to show her daughter the truth. She also gave her daughter the information on the guardians she had created.
"Her daughter anonymously let witches know about their existence and many witches were saved because of this. It was one of the most tremendous contributions in the world of magic, and no one even knew who had created it. Since the guardians were created from a mothers love, there was a good side effect. The parents of the witch would also be masked by the guardians until the age limit. A gift that was more remarkable than anything.
"Parents didn't just have to send their kids off to hide without them. They were able to raise them and ensure their safety, without jeopardizing them because of their own essence. Usually, after the young witch left, the parents would stay behind for a while, protected by guards, to ensure the safety of the guardian tribe."
I swallowed hard, trying to digest it all. I still didn't understand everything, but I was sure it was hard to pile centuries worth of drama into one sitting.
"So you're Damon Verdan?" I ask, looking at Tallis's father.
He smirked and shook his head. "Edmond, Damon's son. Yes, though, I am a changer. Does that make you uncomfortable?"
Did that make me uncomfortable? No. The creepy guy with eyes that turned black while he was killing me made me uncomfortable.
"No."
He smiled, offering a glance to Tallis. He seemed to be having a silent conversation with his son.
Allaysia dried her tears with a tissue, and then she continued on with a more personal touch.
"Until us, no one knew soul mates could be beyond the realm of your magic. Then, we had children, despite the danger. Ayla, named after Aylana, was the first. Then Desmond, named after Edmond, was next. Finally, there was Tallis, named after Talisman.
"They're special in the sense no one can smell their essence, and seers can't see them. The witch's essence and the changer's essence cancel each other out in an unexpected but pleasant way. Their powers are strong from their bloodline, due to Allora and their Craymon grandfather's indiscretions. They've lived covertly and hidden from the light and dark followers because we don't belong to either. We've been forever ostracized as pariahs in the world of magic."
That was heartbreaking. I hated knowing Tallis had suffered. I felt... so protective, so angry that he had been punished for something that had nothing to do with him. I'd make this right. I had to. It felt like it was my responsibility.
Chapter 7

Bad Blood

Fear of the unknown is the reason for panic and war. Kindness and acceptance is the reason for peace.

The drive back to my grandmother's house was intense. Tallis drove my car as I sat nervously popping my fingers. He was so serious, and he kept his eyes straight ahead, driving in complete silence.
Allaysia and Edmond followed us in their silver Audi, and Desmond and Ayla followed them in her white convertible BMW.
I reached over and put my hand on Tallis's right shoulder for encouragement. He smiled slightly, still staring at the road as he reached across his body with his left hand and placed his palm over the top of my hand.
We pulled up in the driveway, where he released me, and we were met with all of my family... and my grandparents' friends. Everyone's face was riddled with worry, and they were scowling at the unknown company I carried. They couldn’t smell the essence of Tallis, Desmond, or Ayla, but they could smell Allaysia and Edmond as they walked up.
Anesta, Iris's sister, stood in front of the family with a murderous glare, acting as though she was ready to pounce at any second. She held her hand to her side as if she was about to do something, but Iris stepped up and stopped her.
Iris spoke in a cautious and worrisome tone, her eyes anywhere but on me as she spoke. "Arisianna, dear, I have been worried sick. Where have you been?" She shifted her glances between the whole Verdan family, studying them carefully.
I hesitated as to how to get this whole conversation started. I was horrible at articulating things the way I wanted them to come out lately. I blamed Tallis and magic for that.
"I went for a drive after school, but I realized someone was chasing me. I got scared and did what I had to in order to get away. I was absolutely terrified."
"Oh…" Iris tried to sound surprised but her tone was all too obvious. She wasn't too good at acting surprised or acting at all when she was distracted.
I took a deep breath. "Well, not someone. Taryn and McKee were following me, although I didn't know that at the time I made them wreck."
I could see Tallis smirk out of the corner of my eye.
Iris's scolding glance shot toward Taryn and McKee who were bowing their heads in shame. She fumbled around for the right words. "So… you… What makes you think that Taryn and McKee wrecked? They don't have a mark on them. Look for yourself." She held her hand out to prompt me to look at them.
Her voice was shaky. She worried what I knew. It was almost as if she was baiting me, and I took the bait without hesitance. I was ready to let her know that I knew about everything... well, the basics. My voice was steady as I replied.
"I'm sure that has something to do with their invincibility."
Her eyes narrowed at the whole Verdan family and Anesta took a step forward, beaming red with fury.
"What did they tell you!?" Anesta barked, showing her rage.
The Verdan family took a step back. I was handling this all wrong. Suddenly, I saw a sense of calm spread over Anesta. I looked over at Ayla who had removed her white hood and stared at Anesta with her pale blue eyes that seemed to be even lighter now.
Anesta stepped back, relaxed. Iris noticed that Ayla was using magic on her sister, but she had never seen it before.
"What is she doing to Anesta? Is she hurting her?" Now Iris sounded confused and worried.
She was becoming irritated and I heard the wind start to stir. An elemental... like her story. There was an elemental daughter of Isis who survived. A revelation spiraled around me. I understood the whole thing now. My grandmother really was immortal and she had to witness her mother sacrifice herself. That would make Anesta the healer that survived.
I had to stop thinking and start speaking. "She's calming her down. They don't want to fight. They want a chance to tell their story."
"Why should we listen? I smell the Craymon blood from here. She's a Craymon. I don't know how much you know, dear, but I can promise you that nothing good comes from Craymon blood," Iris admonished, her eyes burning against my newfound allies.
Someone help me.
"You're right about me not knowing much, but I do know more than you do about something. I really think you should listen. Just hear their story. Hear it for me."
"I don't know of any reason I should hear their story." She had tears in her eyes thinking of how her mother had to sacrifice herself to destroy Dramus - their blood. She was treating me as if I was betraying her. I could feel the anger and resentment in her voice growing every time she spoke.
I was sick of this. I knew if they would just listen, then they would understand. Tallis was the only reason I was even alive. I wasn't going to just let her dismiss them.
My voice took a whole different tone. I was more forcefully demanding than I had even known I could be. "Reason number one should be because your granddaughter is asking you to. Reason number two is because they saved my life today from a danger I didn't even know could exist." My eyes watered up thinking back to how I had almost died.
I heard Tallis make a sound, and it looked like he winced as he reached around my back and put his hand on my side. My grandmother's face suddenly carried a wave of emotion on it. She went from mad to guilty to concerned to surrender.
"Who, what…?" Her voice was trembling slightly from my unexpected revelation as she stuttered.
Tallis pulled me closer as his voice cracked while he answered for me. "It was a blazing scout. They know someone is new in town. He had already started draining her when I got there."
I interrupted him when I saw the look of horror on Iris's face. I could see my brothers' jaws clenched tight with fury and my sisters' faces streaked with tears from the realization that I had almost died. I was quieter when I spoke this time.
"Tallis saved me. He did something and the guy blew up," I said too casually, sounding overly familiar with this crazy world I'd just been launched into. "Then he carried me back to his house and explained to me what was going on. I have to say, this has all been a bit overwhelming for me. I'm just asking that you listen to what they have to say before passing any judgment."
Allaysia interjected as she saw concern for a new reason spread across their faces. "We had a washer cleanse the area so there was no trace of her essence left. My house had protective eyes all around it, ensuring no one followed. She's safe for now, but they will be back. They don't know we exist and we can help you if you allow us to do such."
My grandmother looked at me with nothing but pure unadulterated guilt in her eyes. I think she felt as though she had let me down. She shifted her eyes to meet Allaysia's. Her tone was not as offensive anymore as she questioned her.
"Why was your son watching her?"
Allaysia raised her eyes to meet Iris's stare. "Because I asked him to. We've been watching mortal witches for centuries. We've saved the lives of many, including your daughter, Jaslene. Edmond saved her from the same sort of fatal circumstances long ago, during her mortal period. There are many things we should discuss. If you hear me out, you'll understand why I mean you no harm."
Anesta seemed to come back around out of her moment of induced serenity. "We can’t trust them, Iris. You smell their blood. You see the changer. Two sides of betrayal cannot make someone trustworthy. It can only lead to more betrayal. We can't be the fools we once were."
Iris sighed. "Magic evolves, sister. Isis tried to tell us more, but there was no time. There was more, so much more that she needed teach us. So much more she wanted to teach us. She saw something more in the future, but she couldn't tell us what. I trust the magic. You can see their light, and I trust my granddaughter, who is alive because of him. Isis told us to always trust the magic and our hearts. The light is the magic, and my family is my heart. Maybe that's what she meant. I feel certain it is."
Anesta nodded her head with reluctant acceptance. She didn't like it a bit, but she respected her sister's decision. Being that Iris was the matriarch of the family, and apparently the head of the coven, everyone agreed to listen. They would all do as Iris did. I trusted my grandma to listen and believe.
Tallis gripped me tighter again and McKee glared at him for doing so. Ayla was the first Verdan to enter the Bradbury house. It was tense as people walked by the Verdan's.
Ayla and Jay circled each other in a peculiar fashion before sitting side by side on the couch. Selesha wasn't too far away from them. Desmond crouched in a corner away from everyone, like he was waiting for something bad to happen. He didn't trust my family the least bit.
Everyone else seated themselves around Allaysia and Iris. Ash gazed at Desmond and he stared back. There was something so indescribably intense about their eye lock. It was as if they knew something we didn't.
I sat down beside Tallis on the arm of the large chair, as he set in the seat of it. It wasn't exactly comfortable, but I felt like I had to be close to him. Not to mention, it was the only seat left.
I guessed he saw me twitching uncomfortably, because he suddenly slid me off the arm of the chair and into his lap. That was certainly enough to appease my desire to be close to him.
He smiled at me as he wrapped his arms around my waist and I nestled myself into him. My face was inches from his neck as I laid my head on his shoulder. I wanted to just reach over and lock my lips with his. I wanted to kiss his neck as I watched him take each breath.
His hands were touching my bare skin from where my shirt had slid up just barely. Heat spread throughout my body. He turned his head to where our eyes met. We stared at each other as if it was only us there.
His eyes burned with intensity as his hands seemed to grip my side tighter. It felt like he was fighting the same hormonal urges I was. He cut away from my stare suddenly. Then he cleared his throat and moved his hands to where they were on top of my shirt.
I huffed with a little disappointment at the loss of skin contact. I was so wrapped up in Tallis that I hadn't even noticed Allaysia had already begun telling the story.
Chapter 8

An Unlikely Alliance

You cannot hear the truth unless you're willing to listen.

Allaysia and the others hung around as various members of the Bradbury coven dispersed. Iris and Allaysia had more in common than they had expected. Iris had lost siblings, too, but never at her own father's hand. They seemed to really understand each other and they talked for hours that night. They had a common enemy, and they needed the strength of the families to combine to have a chance of defeating the dark.
I walked Tallis upstairs to see my room. I wanted him all to myself. When we got up there though, we heard giggling. I rolled my eyes at my botched plan to get Tallis alone.
I peeked into the game room to see who the giggling was coming from. It was Jay and Ayla. I was kind of surprised by that.
"What are you two doing?" I asked, raising my brow.
"Oh… We're just talking about… stuff." Jay looked like a kid who just got caught stealing candy.
Ayla smiled at me. "Jay is immune to my powers. It's fascinating to me, because no one ever has been. Not even changers or bodyguards. I also feel around him."
My eyebrows scrunched slightly as I tried to understand her comment. "Feel what?" I asked, somewhat confused.
"I feel something, I feel everything. I've never felt anything but peace and serenity for my entire life. Even as a mortal, before I inherited my powers, I couldn't feel. Never anger, happiness, sadness... nothing besides tranquility and peace. With your brother next to me during the story, I was able to shed my first tear. When my mother and Iris hugged, I felt happiness for the first time. When Jay touched me, I felt butterflies in my stomach."
Jay's eyes lit up when she said that last part. Then she touched her cheeks that were blushing. “For the first time ever, I now know what embarrassment feels like as well. This is so truly amazing." She and Jay giggled slightly at her comment.
I hadn't given much thought to it, but it would be difficult to live life with only one emotion. Tallis smiled at his sister's amusement, her ability to feel happy for the first time. He grabbed my hand and pulled me away from the room, so Jay and Ayla could be alone.
He was still holding my hand when we walked into my room. "So this is where Aria sleeps," he said, plopping down on my bed and taking in the surroundings of my jungle-themed bedroom. "You like the jungle stuff, huh?"
I sat down about a foot away from him, answering his question as I lowered my body to the bed. "Yeah, it reminds me of home."
All day I had wanted to be as close to him as possible, but not now. I'd never had a boy in my room, and certainly not on my bed. I'd never even kissed a guy. I was nervous and insecure all of the sudden.
This was exactly what I'd wanted, and now I was so tense that you would have thought I was sitting on a bed made of needles. He seemed to be as casual and confident as usual. Then he leapt from the bed, startling me a little. He walked over to the window and looked around as if he was studying something.
"What are you looking at?" I asked quizzically. I knew what I was looking at - his lean, perfectly sculpted body leaned up against the edge of window with one arm propped against the top of the frame.
"Just memorizing which one is yours." He flashed a smile and walked over to my suitcases, still unpacked.
"You going somewhere?" He looked concerned. His voice was almost distressed by the thought.
"No. I just haven't unpacked some of my things. They're just some of my sketches and mementos from my old home. There really hasn't been a whole lot of unpacking time."
I was pleased to see that he didn't want me going anywhere.
"Oh. Well, then I can go. You're probably pretty exhausted anyway, and you have to get up early for school."
He started to walk off, but I grabbed his wrist before I even realized it. My body reacted as if it was a reflex to stop him. I couldn't help myself. I couldn't let him leave tonight.
I'd felt so inexplicably compelled to be with him every moment I could. My eyes were restless when he was out of sight. My ears needed to hear his voice. My nose desired to smell his bewitching scent. My body craved his touch, and my lips were desperate to be introduced to his.
He glanced down at my hand on his wrist, and then he looked directly into my eyes. I didn't move as his hand went to my waist. His fingertips started pulling my body toward his in a very slow, simmering motion. The desire to be close to him had overwhelmed me for so long that I was just ready to surrender.
His strong arms laid me gently on the bed. Then he crawled to where his body was elevated above me, staring deeply into my eyes. His lips were so dangerously close to mine. I sat back against the headboard and bit my lip in anticipation. His lips were just inches away and getting closer every second.
I put my hand flat against his chest, and my other one on the back of his neck. Our eyes connected, and I could feel the heat again. My desire was insuppressible, ready to burst free and claim me.
He leaned forward. This was finally it. This was going to be my first kiss. The perfect guy was going to be mine.
"Spoiler Alert!" A loud, obnoxious voice rang out, and Tallis and I both leapt off the bed with haste, dropping our hands guiltily to our sides. It was Taryn, and of course, McKee was with her.
Her eyes playfully narrowed as she smirked. Obviously she had seen the heated entanglement Tallis and I had been engulfed in before she crudely interrupted us.
"Sorry to interrupt," she said insincerely, her eyes taunting me with a teasing endeavor. "We just wanted to apologize for scaring you earlier."
McKee had his hands in his pockets while he leaned up against the doorframe, sulking very noticeably.
Tallis rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest. I looked at him, so fascinated by the fact that, despite the interruption, we might still kiss. Then I looked at Taryn. I wanted to apologize for making them flip, but I really wanted them to just leave even more. My hormones won out over my guilt.
"It's fine. I wish I hadn't been so paranoid." In an effort to keep the conversation from continuing, I added an obvious ending. "See you tomorrow at school."
McKee leaned away from the doorframe, talking quietly as he did so. "See ya, Aria. Call me if you need me… for anything at all."
He offered a threatening gaze to Tallis, but he ignored McKee's warning glare. I gave a quick wave and turned back toward Tallis. They were on their way out the door when I heard several people coming down the hall.
My hands flew up in an aggravated sort of manner as I let out an unintentional outburst with exaggerated agitation in my tone. "Oh no! Now what?"
I didn't actually mean to say that aloud. I heard Tallis snicker at my disappointment for our spoiled moment.
"Arisianna!" Someone's voice was panicked. It sounded like Iris's voice, somewhat.
I kept the same agitated tone as I addressed her. "Yeah, grandma?"
Now what happened? I just needed ten minutes alone with Tallis, and I couldn't seem to catch a break.
She came into view... sort of. "Arisianna, honey, something has come up."
It was her voice, it just wasn't as feeble and scratchy as it had been. She sounded rejuvenated. It certainly was not her face, or body, or even her hair.
She had long flowing vibrant red waves in place of her silvery white bun. Her face was smooth, no lines or wrinkles anymore. Her body was more lively, and her hands were smooth and young.
"Grand…ma?" I was in shock.
"Oh, sorry, dear." She touched her face and hair, remembering that she no longer looked like the little old lady I had known her to be. "I was thirty-five when I became eternal. Making myself look aged takes a lot of concentration. I didn't see any reason to keep up the charade since you knew."
I just nodded, still a little astonished by the unexpected transformation.
She came over to where I was. "We've called an emergency meeting with the heads of the strongest light families. Allaysia and Edmond will be joining us. None of knew about Graven organizing like he has. One of the bodyguards just spotted another scout. He was an electric. They're planning something. We have to get together and discuss this now that we have more information. Everyone needs to be aware of the imminent threat he could pose."
There was a slight bit of angst in my tone as I spoke. "Okay. I'll be fine in here, won't I?"
She quickly responded to my question. "Your essence is hidden in here, and no one outside the invited can come in, but I'm not going to leave you alone and unprotected. I'm going to have some people stay here with you."
Tallis surprised me by jumping in so eagerly. "I'll stay with her. I've already destroyed one scout today."
Gear joined us, grimacing at that proposal. "I don't think so, Casanova. You're a little too cozy with my baby sister to be spending the night.” Then he looked at Iris. "I'll stay, Grandma."
Tallis looked at me and shrugged his shoulders, raising his eyebrows at the same time in a way that said "I tried." I just fought back a smile for his valiant attempt.
Gear was such a pain. But then Iris interjected.
"Geariandan, you have to take Olivia and Ashiara to see if you can track down that scout. Olivia can drain his memories and get some idea of what's going on."
I supposed that meant Olivia was a drainer. I realized I had no clue what powers my siblings had. I found myself wondering how old Olivia truly was as well.
"Take Desmond, too. You'll find him useful." Allaysia was suddenly in the room, smiling at me comfortingly and appreciatively. I smiled back.
“I'll stay with Aria." McKee spoke up with a very mischievous tone and glared triumphantly at Tallis.
"He's not staying if I'm not," Tallis said quietly, but you could tell he was a little upset by McKee's offer.
I was so undeniably drawn to him, that anytime he spoke, I tuned everything else out. I didn't know what it felt like to be in love, but I was pretty sure it couldn't be any stronger than the feelings I was having for him. I put my hand in his, interlocking our fingers.
"I didn't hear anyone asking you," McKee snarked.
It sounded like McKee was trying to provoke Tallis, make him start a fight. Tallis didn’t give in to his tactics though. He patiently waited to see what someone else came up with.
Jay walked up with Ayla still hanging on his arm.
"I'll stay in the guest room up here. She's going to need more than me though, and I think Tallis would be the best option. It only makes sense that McKee and Taryn go with Gear and the others to mask them. It'll be easier to chase someone if they can't sense there is someone chasing.
"The stronger, older bodyguards need to go be with the family heads. There shouldn't be any gaps in protection with so many of you in one place. The house will hide Aria's essence just fine. Tallis is strong enough to do some damage, should someone break through our crests - though that's never happened before. I think we might stand a chance together if we had to. Aster should probably stay, too, in case someone does get hurt. Chris should go with Gear and them to provide them with some extra masking."
So I gathered that Aster was a healer and Chris was a bodyguard. So what was Ash, Gear, and Jay?
Iris looked over at Tallis, then at Jay. She seemed to find that to be acceptable terms. She nodded at Jay. Then she went on to speak in a cautious tone.
"Keep her and yourselves safe. If something feels off, run." Her voice trailed off as she disappeared suddenly. So she was fast.
Now I was aggravated at how slowly she had made me walk while she was in her old lady costume. Ash bobbed in suddenly.
"Ayla is staying, too. You may need her in case the atmosphere gets a little too crazy." Then she winked at Jay and mouthed "you're welcome." She turned to leave before he got the chance to silently thank her.
Jay smiled and winked at me as he walked out. McKee scowled angrily as he stormed off, defeated. Then Gear walked toward us.
"Promise me you won't do anything with my sister. Not tonight - preferably never -but especially not tonight. I need you to be alert and focused. Her life could depend on you." He had so much worry in his voice.
"I promise. I won't do anything inappropriate. I'm on a job and I trust myself to take it seriously. I'll stay with her as much as I can tomorrow, too."
Tallis also sounded very serious… too serious. Gear had officially ruined our hormonal buzz. Great.
Gear reached out and shook his hand. Then he took Olivia's hand and they ran out to start their search.

Jay and Ayla were in the room just two doors down. We could hear them giggling and whispering. I heard Ayla say something about her first time feeling excited. I rolled my eyes and then looked at Tallis who was sitting by my window, staring into the pitch black night.
"Why do we have to be so serious if they don't have to be?"
Tallis chuckled, still looking out the window.
"They just found each other. They’re soul mates. They can't help it. Everyone knew that, including Jay, which is why he said he couldn't do it alone. For the first few months after meeting your soul mate, you can't think, or focus, or do anything but lose yourself in that person. The only thing that can shake you from it is self defense. If there's a fight, he'll be ready. But other than that, he's going to be completely wrapped up in her for a while."
That statement disturbed me. I almost felt like crying. "So you know you're soul mates the instant you meet?"
He didn't seem to notice the pain in my voice. He continued speaking casually unaffected and staring out the window. "Yeah. It's too strong to deny and there's nothing like it."
"You have personal experience?" I could hear my voice choking up slightly as I asked that question.
He turned to face me. His voice was sincere. "No." He smiled at me. "My mom and dad explain it pretty well though."
I was still choking back my overwhelming urge to burst out into tears. "So I take it that I'm not your soul mate?"
I got sick. I couldn't believe I just sounded so whiny and devastated. I barely knew him.
His mood changed and he stepped away from the window before walking over to me. "I didn't say that. I don't know."
Now I felt like he was trying to spare my feelings. "You said you knew it instantly."
He shook his head, smiling. Oh his smile was so perfect. "When you're eternal. Not until then. So we won't know until you transform."
I sighed out in relief. "Do you think we're soul mates?"
Again, I was the whiny girl acting far too clingy. I couldn't stop myself though. There had to be a reason for the madness.
"I think we're talking about too much for one day, and I think you should sleep." He was avoiding answering my question. With too many tears wavering, I decided to drop it.
"Are you sleeping?"
He smiled and looked away. "Yeah. Aster is going to keep an eye out and wake me if I'm needed."
My stomach fluttered as he climbed into my bed and peeled off his shirt. I had changed into some cute silky pajamas - kind of a simple sexy. Thank goodness for Ash and Aster.
He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead, making me feel warm and safe. His lips were even softer than I had imagined. It made me want him even more.
I looked up and he was staring out the window. I laid my head on his chest and was asleep within seconds.

The next morning I woke up to see the sun shining brightly through the window. My alarm was buzzing in the usual annoying fashion. I looked around as I slapped it very hard, praying the vexing box would just break. Tallis was nowhere to be found.
I jumped up and ran downstairs. He wasn't there either. I walked back up the steps very disappointed and got ready for school. I grabbed my bag and headed toward the door. When I got outside, Tallis was waiting on me, propped up against his car.
His tone was as seductively tempting as it could possibly be. "Good morning, Aria." I smiled sheepishly as his smug grin sent chills up and down my spine.
"Good morning." The top was down on his car. He reached in and grabbed a tray of coffee.
"I wasn't sure how you liked it, so I got you some selections. I thought you might need it."
His voice was gentle. He didn't sound tired at all. I, on the other hand, was exhausted. I reached out and grabbed the one that was plain coffee with cream only.
"Simple girl, nice." He walked me around to the other side of the car and opened the door for me. I couldn't stop smiling. I sat down, sipping my coffee and buckled my seatbelt. He reached over me, picking the tray of coffee back up.
"I'm going to take this in there for everyone else so that it doesn't go to waste." He was in and out before I could even look at myself in the mirror.
I noticed my family crest imprinted into the upholstery on his leather seats and his dashboard. He saw me staring at it.
"Better protection for you," he explained. "If you're going to be with me, you're going to be safe. My crest works best on our blood, which I don't need it, but Mom and Dad do. I know your crest works better for your blood. I figured it was better safe than sorry, you know?"
I could feel myself falling more for him with each passing second. "Thanks."
He glanced at himself in the rearview mirror as he sat down. I looked at him, admiring how much better he looked than yesterday.
"Thank you for the coffee. I did need it. Four hours of sleep isn't so refreshing, so caffeine was a must. You keep saving me."
He put the car in first gear, smiling cockily. "That's what I do."
Chapter 9

Changers

It's amazing at how much better you can see when you open your eyes.

School finally ended, and Tallis was waiting on me when I walked to my locker. McKee and Taryn walked up.
"Hey, Aria, we were just going to tell you that we we're going to follow you home today. I didn't see your car outside though." McKee paused. He was talking to me but he was staring at Tallis. "I thought maybe you might want to catch a ride with us."
I looked at Tallis, hopeful he was going to join in and object to that for me. He didn't let me down.
"I'll take her home. I put her crest in my car. so you don't have to follow her. Everett said earlier that he would walk us out to the car, so we should be good." Tallis put his arm around my waist possessively.
I smiled, but then McKee made that smile vanish very abruptly. "I was talking to Aria. I don't remember saying your name."
He was angry, or jealous, or maybe he was both.
"I couldn't tell, since you were staring right at me." Tallis's comeback was quick and spoken with layers of threatening tones.
"I don't take my eyes off of a Craymon when they're around. It's bad enough that our coven let you sleep at their house, but now they're letting you touch her?"
I could see the glowing red anger racing violently through McKee's brow. He wanted a reason to fight with Tallis.
I had to interject and stop the fight before it started. McKee was looking for any reason to turn my family against Tallis. My tone was slightly more scolding than I had planned on it being. It seemed as though my frustration with McKee grew as I spoke.
"Stop it, McKee. This is ridiculous. He takes care of me. I'm safe as long as I'm with him. There's nothing more important to my family than my safety."
Tallis had been there for me when I needed him most. I wasn't going to let McKee put him down without stepping in.
"Whatever."
McKee rolled his eyes and motioned for his sister to follow him as he walked away. He wasn't going to let this go easily though. I knew there would be more confrontations between the two of them.

Everett met us outside and walked us to the car. Tallis opened my door, and then we headed back to my house. The drive was nice with the wind in my hair. I looked to the right and saw a brilliantly white horse. I started to say something, but then I saw Tallis wave at the horse.
I playfully teased, "Friend of yours?"
He smiled and started pulling over on the side of the road. "He's more like a brother to me," he murmured with an enigmatic smirk, piquing my interest.
He hopped out, and then he bent over, sounding insistent when he said, "Stay in the car for a minute, please."
"Stupid essence," I growled.
I said it loud enough for Tallis to hear apparently, because he snickered. I hated having to stay confined by bodyguards or protective crests. I missed being able to just take a walk by myself.
Tallis walked back beside the horse. The horse snorted and started bucking, viciously kicking its legs high behind itself.
Tallis's playfully threatened, "Don't do it! I mean it!"
I swear he thought it could understand him.
Suddenly, the horse charged. It was running full speed directly toward the car, more specifically, at me.
I screamed, "Tallis!"
But Tallis didn't move. It looked like he was rolling his eyes. The horse got to the car and suddenly changed into a solid white owl. I gasped very loudly. I couldn't believe it. I blinked at least a hundred times in less than five seconds.
Tallis rolled his eyes again and picked up a set of clothes lying on the ground. He threw them at the owl, knocking it into the backseat. I screamed again as I scrambled around in the car, trying to get away from the bird.
Tallis jogged over to the car while I frantically flailed around in the front seat. I heard a distinctively peculiar noise - like wind stirring in a barrel.
Tallis's voice rang out a desperately warning. "Aria, don't..." It was too late though. I turned around before he finished his sentence. Tallis dropped his head, shaking it slightly as he uselessly finished with a grumbled, "Turn around."
I squealed, shocked and mortified. There was Desmond, stark naked in the backseat. I almost gave myself whiplash from jerking my head violently back toward the front with my eyes closed so tightly that it hurt. I could feel the red burning on my face. Desmond was laughing hysterically, reveling in my humiliation.
"Good to see you, Aria."
He wasn't the seething brute he had been to me before the meeting with my family. I almost wish he still detested me just as furiously as he had. Now he was scarring me for life. I could hear him pulling on his pants as the belt clanked around. He still chuckled at my embarrassment.
I kept the side of my face shielded with my hand so that I didn't see anything else as I sardonically mumbled, "It would've been good to have seen less of you, Desmond."
Both of the boys roared out their laughter. I was worried this red staining my face would never go away.
"It's better than anything you'll see on his body," Desmond playfully teased.
I heard a slapping sound. I could only assume Tallis had just popped Desmond for his crude comment. I certainly wasn't turning around to see if I was right or not. I wanted to wash my eyes out with soap.
My mind went to all the wrong places as I thought of the tidbits of Tallis I had seen.
"I've liked what I've seen of his body so far."
I was thinking about him with his shirt off the day before. He had such a perfectly sculptured, lean piece of art. Then I noticed that Tallis was blushing. My face paled when I realized I had said that out loud.
No. Crap. No.
I ducked down slightly in the front seat, wishing I had something to put over my head. I needed to replace that stupid filter for my mouth. Apparently it was busted.
Tallis smiled bashfully, averting my eyes. Then Desmond embarrassed me even more.
"So... How much of his body did you see last night?"
"Des!" Tallis yelled before slapping his own forehead, exasperated.
Desmond jumped out of the car and changed back into a owl as Tallis swatted at him. He fell out of his clothes as he did so, and they collapsed onto the asphalt.
Tallis walked back to the car, picking up Desmond's clothes out of the road. He tossed them in the backseat as he opened the door. He looked at me sort of sheepishly, grimacing after a second.
"Sorry about that. Des has his moments when he… Well, he's just an ass."
I laughed, still slightly mortified about my rogue confession.
"I have two brothers and two sisters. Explanations for family humiliation is so not necessary." I smiled as he laughed.
"Good to know." He put the car in gear and started in a different direction than what we had been going.
I was unaware of any changes to the plan. "Where are we going?"
"We're going to my house first. I want you to meet some of the changers. I forgot they're meeting today."
"I wish I had dressed better." I looked down at my blue jeans and T-Shirt. It wasn't exactly going to make a good first impression.
His head tilted and his eyes locked with mine as he spoke in his smoldering tone. "You look pretty amazing to me."
I blushed fiercely, and started to squirm directly after.
"Can you change?"
I hadn't given it much thought. I knew he could blow stuff up, but he was half witch, half changer.
He smiled. "No, I tried for a while though. Des would tackle me or punch me in the arm and change while he was jumping out the window. Very frustrating."
I snickered slightly at the small scowl on his face. Then he smiled. "When I learned to control my power, things changed. He would fly away, and I'd use enough power to break a branch to land on him. Once I broke a whole tree over on him."
My brow cocked up, demonstrating my inner query.
"Don't worry," he said, chuckling. "I didn't hurt him. I did, however, blow out the window to his bedroom by accident. He got rained on for several days before it got fixed. That was nice."
He sighed with a bit of pride glistening in his eyes. He seemed to be reminiscing about those events like they were some small victories.
"I guess my siblings aren't so bad after all."
He let a louder laugh escape.
"Things will change when you get your powers. You find ways to amuse yourself when you've lived as long as we have."
I looked at his face. It was pristine and captivating. I could have stared all day.
I was falling for him so fast. Every amazing detail about him drew me in closer. The wind continued to blow in my hair. He turned and smiled at me.
"Are you going to be okay with this? I didn't think about it, but this might be pretty scary for you. You've had a lot thrown on your plate in two days. Maybe I should take you home first before I go to this. I could come over later, or just pick you up in the morning."
I decided quickly that I could deal with any sort of crazy better than I could handle being separated from him.
"No. I'm fine. I admit that it's a lot to process, but I'm good. I already know about changers, and I just saw your brother naked, so it can't get too much worse." I thought about that for a minute. "Oh no. They're not going to get naked in front of me, too, are they?"
He laughed so hard that it turned into a cough. "No. They're a little more modest than Des. You're not meeting a band of naked men or anything." He smiled at me as we pulled into his driveway.
"You probably need to call your grandma though. So she doesn't worry." Then he handed me his phone.

I got off the phone and walked over to Tallis. "I hate to ask anything else from you, but Iris wants to meet them. I told her I would ask you first." He looked at me and nodded. Then he walked inside. He came back out with his father.
"It should be fine for Iris to come. This alliance is important," Edmond answered, proving he was a bit of an alpha.
"Thanks, Mr. Verdan. I'll call her back."
I walked back down to the car and called Iris again, telling her the good news. When I returned, Edmond and Tallis were doing something to the side of the house.
I spoke with an inquiring tone. "What are you guys doing?"
Tallis was the one to respond, but he didn't look up. "We're putting up more of your protective crests. Bradbury's have strong magic, so the scent of their essences are very strong as well. The more we have, the safer you all are."
Their precautionary measures were admirable. It made me feel safe. I stared at them as they pressed their palms against the house, then I heard a sizzling sound.
"Are you burning something?" I couldn't smell anything. I could just hear the sound of something that sounded almost like bacon frying in a pan, just a little more subtle.
"It's cresting. It's something you'll learn to do when you get your magic. It is similar to burning, minus the fire. There are a lot of things you can do when you get your magic. It's something you have to see and do to really understand."
They finished up and then we headed inside to join Allaysia. She was preparing food and cocktails for the company. Tallis ran up some steps to go change. I wanted to change, too, but I had no clothes.
"You need any help?" I asked. I didn’t know how to cook, not on a conventional stove anyway. But I thought I could set the plates or something for her.
"Actually, could you stir this? I need to get the dessert ready to put in the oven."
She pulled me to the pan and put my hand on the handle as she handed me a large wooden spoon.
"Yeah… sure." I nervously stirred the pan that smelled heavenly.
It was soup - a deliciously enticing soup. I was so worried I was going to mess it up.
"Aria, if you're okay, I need to go finish getting ready. Could you take the soup off in about five or six more minutes?"
"Yeah, no problem."
I continued stirring. It was awkward. I worried about ruining her soup portion of the evening. Contemporary appliances made me feel a little out of my element. I had always heated soup out of a can on top of a fire. We had a wood burning stove back home, but it always made the hut so hot that we barely used it.
I felt like such a roughneck around here.
Tallis walked up behind me, surprising me a little. He was so close that our bodies grazed each other. Then he leaned into me, fully pressing his front to my back, as he reached over and put his hand on my hand, stirring the soup with me.
"You have to go all the way around the pan. It'll burn around the edges, otherwise."
His free hand was resting on my hip, and it just felt so right. I couldn't fight off the smirk as his head leaned over to the spoon and dipped out a bit to taste.
"It needs salt and a bit of pepper, too." He was off to the cupboard then. He added the extra ingredients and then dipped out another spoonful to taste.
He smiled big. "Perfect."
I giggled at his expertise in the kitchen. Then he took it off the stove. I leaned against the countertop and spoke lightly.
"How long do you think it will be before all the changers get here?"
He looked out through the giant glass windows in the living room. He stared at a flock of birds who were all perched on the porch railing. "Most of them are already here."
I was suddenly very puzzled by that. "I didn't hear any cars drive up."
Desmond walked in, pulling on a sleeveless shirt. "That's because they didn't drive." Then he pointed to the birds that Tallis had been staring at.
"Oh." My shoulders dropped slightly as I spoke somewhat comically. "Oh man. They are going to get naked."
Desmond burst out into laughter as he doubled over and rested his hands on his knees. He bent down and started tying his shoes, still laughing as he did so. Then he looked up and spoke with the same comical tone I had carried. "Did I scar you for life, Aria?"
"Pretty much." I shot him a playfully mean look with a slight grin.
Tallis smiled as he spoke reassuringly. "Don't worry, Aria. They've got clothes. They'll change after everyone gets here. They just prefer being in their animal forms. It makes them feel safe."
Tallis knew I really was worried about seeing more than I wanted to again. He took my hand as he led me away from the kitchen. He took me up the stairs to the second floor. He smiled as we entered a bedroom.
It was a charcoal gray color with lighter gray squares painted all around the room. A very large king-size bed was draped with a brilliant pale blue comforter with a charcoal trim. He had so many pillows. They were everywhere.
There was one wall of windows, and the other walls were littered with pictures of various countries from all over the world. He had been absolutely everywhere, it seemed. I found myself feeling slightly intimidated.
His tone was warm as he spoke to me. "This is where I am when I'm not keeping you safe."
His iridescent white shirt was unbuttoned slightly, showing off his navy blue T-Shirt underneath. His dark denim jeans were tailored to fit him perfectly, not too tight and not baggy at all. I hated baggy pants. I was glad he didn't follow that trend.
He pulled my hand in his and walked me over to his bed. Then he laughed nervously.
"This wasn't as awkward at your house last night." He scratched his forehead uneasily.
"That's because it wasn't your room with your secrets. It was my room and my secrets," I playfully teased.
He winked at me as he replied enticingly. "Yeah, I know all of your secrets."
"Not all of them," I said, raising my eyebrows and smiling somewhat deviously.
He laughed slightly. "I know most of them. I do a thorough job of studying the people I hang out with."
My tone turned to a playfully serious one. "Well, then I guess I need to do some serious snooping so that I'm not at such a disadvantage." He laughed as he bounced onto his bed and propped up on his side.
I walked over and pulled a book off the shelf. I opened it up to see all kinds of writings. I tilted my head quizzically. "What's this?"
He raised up a bit to answer me. "Oh, it's a book my mom gave me to learn about my heritage."
There were hieroglyphic type symbols and all sorts of different words that I had never heard of. “What language is it?"
"Mayan mostly, with various other dead languages mixed in. My family are very cryptic sort of people. I know more languages than I can count." He smiled so smugly.
"Yeah, you got me there. I got nothing. I thought being bilingual was pretty good." I sat down on the edge of his bed, placing the book beside me. "So educate me."
He let out a laugh before responding. "On what?"
"On you." I smiled at him as I awaited his response.
"What do you want to know exactly?" He scooted down to be beside me, putting his arm around my waist.
"Everything I don't know." I crossed my left leg over his right leg and locked my eyes onto his, inviting him to make a move.
His finger started drawing imaginary lines on the leg I had draped across him. "Okay. Well, you know that no seer can see me because of my changer half being immune and you know my essence can't be smelled, right?"
"Yeah the whole half and half thing, they cancel each other out. You're lucky in that way."
"I know, but you don't have it so bad. I like the way things are now, but before you, my existence was a secret. Who would have guessed that saving you would save me from a continued life of ostracism."
I reached across and ran my fingers through his hair. He leaned into me, inviting my touch.
"I wish I didn't have to live like a hermit. I like going and doing as I please. Now, I'm constantly guarded." I looked at him looking down. "I'm kind of happy that you're doing the majority of the guarding though. I guess the only time I really mind being guarded is when it's McKee instead of you. School today sucked."
He raised his head up, smiling now. "Yeah, I'm not crazy about McKee guarding you either, but he has two classes with you. At least I've got an even amount of time with you. Two to two."
My focus quickly shifted with that statement. "Why are you in school?" I had been meaning to ask him that, but I always got sidetracked.
He laughed again. "I like to keep an eye out for new witches. They're always sixteen or seventeen when they come, depending on the allowance for guardianship and the strength of their blood. They're usually juniors or seniors. It's the best place to start looking.
"My family and I have been guarding new witches for a while. You were the first one I had to reveal myself to though. I'm just glad that it gave me the opportunity to steal your attention from McKee." He winked playfully.
"You didn't have to try to do that. You've had my attention since the first time I saw you. I'm glad it was you that stayed in my room." I blushed slightly, possibly being a little too brave with my words.
He spoke with laughter in his tone. "Oh, I had no intention of letting McKee sleep in there. I would have kidnapped you before I let that happen." He reached over and kissed my hand.
I sucked in a breath because it felt so good to have his incredibly soft lips touching my skin.
"I'm glad you didn't."
"I'll be there again tonight, too."
I looked up, trying not to blurt out anything stupid. I was controlling my breathing so that I didn't sound overly excited. "How did you swing that?"
"Your grandmother actually asked me to. She called me just a little while ago. She said she feels like you're safer with me there. I have to say that it made me feel pretty good. The fact I saved your life won me some brownie points. She trusts me a little more than she does McKee, since he lost his grip on you in the woods. The fact I can blow things up probably has something to do with it, too." He snickered smugly. "She wants me to stay with you as much as possible."
I was kind of embarrassed by that. That made me feel like he was obligated to be with me. I didn't want that to be the reason he was staying with me.
"Sorry. I didn't know about that."
"Hey, it's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it," he joked.
"You don't have to. I can get McKee to do it." I bit back my smile when his smug grin faded into a scowl.
"I think I have it under control." Then he jumped to his feet and grabbed me up. I was being carried bridal style before I even realized it as we made our way over to the wall of open windows.
I looked down at the large drop. "What are you doing?" I asked shakily.
He grinned at me and raised his eyebrows. "The meeting should be over now. It's time for the fun stuff."
I didn't realize what time it was. We had been talking for at least forty-five minutes.
He stepped up on the window ledge. "You might want to hold on tight. And no, that's not a line."
He winked and jumped out of the window. A gargled squeal slipped through my tightened lips. I was holding so tight that my knuckles turned white.
He landed on his feet with me still delicately placed in his arms, barely even letting me feel jostled. I didn't want him to let me go, but he did.
I looked around and spoke with a bit of guilt. "Sorry we missed the meeting. I didn't realize it had even started."
He looked at me and touched my chin, leaning over to kiss the top of my head. "I missed the meeting on purpose. It was nice having you all to myself. The meetings are always the same anyway. Desmond will fill me in if there was anything new. I just wanted you to watch them duel. That's the fun part."
My eyes widened with a bit of surprise. I wasn't sure how to respond to that, or if I even heard him correctly. "Duel? That sounds dangerous."
He laughed. "Not really. It's not like the wild west - take ten paces and shoot, or anything. Desmond is pretty good, but dad usually always ends up on the top of the podium. They set up a string of obstacles and they have to change all the way through it to get to the end. It's sort of a changer's version of the Olympics. We have a lot of newbies tonight, so it should be pretty interesting."
I shrugged slightly. "Why?"
"Because they have a hard time swapping from one animal to the next as effortlessly as the older ones."
There was an oversized tree trunk that Desmond picked up and moved out of the way. Two birds flew high in the air, holding hoops. Then there was a giant wall of broken down trees. I still didn't understand what was going on.
"Certain obstacles require different creatures. You'll be disqualified if you use an unapproved animal for certain obstacles. For instance, if there's a climbing obstacle, you can't use a bird to simply fly over it," Tallis said, continuing to explain some of the rules.
I nodded softly, distracted by all the action going on.
Desmond lined up with another guy, both of them standing behind a white line painted on the ground. Their shirts were off, but they were both wearing shorts... thankfully. A gunshot rang out, startling me a little.
They jumped off their platforms and burst into monkeys. Their shorts fell to the ground, abandoned and forgotten, as they went to scale the wall in front of them. When they got to the top, they jumped and landed on their feet as fierce cheetahs.
They were in a mad sprint toward two trees. Desmond turned into an elephant and the other guy turned into a grizzly bear. Desmond knocked his tree over first and changed to a bird to fly in a predetermined pattern through the hoops.
The other guy followed him as soon as his tree fell. Desmond dropped to the ground as a fox before he ran through a tiny burrow in the ground. After a few seconds, he emerged from the other side. He dove into a pond, shifting into a fish before he slapped the water.
He jumped out from the other side, turning into a panther, and within a breath, he was crossing the finish line. The other guy was at least fifteen seconds behind him.
I noticed Ash watching him with absolute tunnel vision. I hadn't even noticed my family before that moment.
She saw me looking at her and waved at me. I waved back and her eyes quickly cut back to Desmond. She would've probably liked the little show I got earlier from Desmond.
I shivered slightly as the embarrassing moment popped into my mind. My nose turned up.
Tallis and I watched for a while. There was one up there who was kind of sad. The guy kept changing into a kitten and a chicken.
"What's wrong with him?"
Tallis tried not to chuckle. "He's still new. He's trying to change into a big cat sometimes and a bird at other times. He needs a little more practice." The guy finally crossed the finish line. As he ran across, he accidentally changed back to human.
"Oh no. Another naked guy. Seriously?" I buried my head in Tallis's chest and he put his hand on the back of my head. I could feel his chest bobbing slightly as he laughed.
"Sorry, Aria," he said while still laughing. "I guess they're not so modest after all."
My stomach growled, and he looked down at me. "Let's go see if there's any soup left."
"I don't want you to miss the games. It can wait." I was somewhat embarrassed by my grumbling guts.
"It’s fine. I see this all the time. I'm hungry, too. We missed the food while we were in my room.” He took me by the hand and led me in.
We sat at the bar and ate soup and little mini sandwiches. Ash came in and saw us sitting there.
She smiled as she spoke to Tallis. "Can I grab a water?"
Tallis shot up and grabbed a bottle of water before tossing it to her.
"Thanks," she said while smiling.
Tallis smiled back. "No problem."
There was a small candle on the bar that suddenly lit up by itself just as Ash turned the lights off. I turned to glare at her but she winked at me.
Tallis just shook his head while smiling. "Blazers. They always have to show off."
I just laughed and enjoyed our makeshift candlelit dinner.
Chapter 10

Looking Over Your Shoulder

The same monsters are still there in the light, but they always strike more fear when they're hidden within the shadows of darkness.

I jumped straight up in the bed in a cold sweat. My heart was racing and my hands trembled in fear. I was breathing hard, like I was exhausted. I couldn't come to grasp with the reality that I was safe in my room.
After a month, you'd think I wouldn't still be waking up so disoriented. I didn't come to terms with where I was until Tallis put his hand on my back.
His voice was soothing and compassionate, but there was a hint of worry as well. "Aria? What's wrong?"
"I was just dreaming. Sorry. Go back to sleep. I'll be fine." It seemed to happen more and more lately. I was glad Tallis had been sticking around.
I knew I probably wouldn't sleep too much more after that.
"Tell me what it was about." His tone was so considerate and concerned at the same time. He pulled me into his arms and my head rested on his right shoulder.
"A dark figure draining me dry. Same as always."
I felt like I was annoying everyone with my constant worry. I was still adjusting. My whole life had changed drastically in the past couple of weeks.
"Aria, it's going to take some time. I'm here though. Don't worry."
"I know I'm safe," I said, smiling as he kissed my forehead. "I've got you and my grandmother has enlisted an army of bodyguards."
He tensed a little, and then he let out a harsh breath. "Yeah. Plenty of bodyguards."
I was quick to question his odd response. "Why do you say it like that?"
He shrugged and loosened his grip on me.
"I just don't trust bodyguards. I've got good reasons for that." He sounded a little distressed with a hint of anger. There was something eating at him.
"Why don't you trust them?"
He took a deep breath and his eyes shifted toward mine. His look turned from deep thought, to forced comfort. "Another story for another time. It's late and you've yawned like five times in a row. We have to go to school soon. Sleep deprivation is never a good thing for young minds."
He leaned over and kissed me on top of my head. He was hiding something that had happened.
He slid down into the covers and patted the bed beside him, gesturing for me to join him in comfort. But I refused to relent that easily. "I want to know. There's something bothering you, so I have to know. If you expect me to confide in you, then I should be entitled the right to expect the same."
He sat back up and stared into my eyes, stroking my cheek with the back of his hand. "Maybe I just don't like bodyguards because I don't like McKee watching your every move." He smiled playfully, proud of his witty little cover up.
"Uh-uh. It's not that easy. I want to know the truth." I crossed my arms over my chest in protest of his unwillingness to confide in me.
He sighed and shook his head. "Okay. I'll make a deal with you. If you lay down with me right now and go to sleep, I promise I'll answer any question you have before we go to bed tomorrow." His eyebrows went up and down mischievously.
My heart fluttered. I'd been sleeping with him for a while now, yet we hadn't even kissed. It was confusing and frustrating. Especially since he never slept with a shirt on.
I leaned in closer to be inches from his face. "Well, that depends on if you plan on avoiding me all day tomorrow."
His eyes softened as did his voice. "I couldn't avoid you even if I wanted to. I can't stay away from you any longer than what I'm forced to, in case you haven't noticed. I've been sleeping in your bed for a while now, and it's not just because I was asked to watch over you." He rubbed my side affectionately.
I looked down a little embarrassed. "Sorry. I guess you probably miss sleeping in your own bed, in your own room, in your own house. You should probably stay at your own place tomorrow. I shouldn't be so needy. I promise I-"
He stuck one finger over my lips to stop my incessant, embarrassing ramble. "There's no way I wouldn't be with you for any reason unless I was hurting you. I wasn't complaining about being here with you. I was pointing out the fact I can't be without you."
Now I was really blushing. "Thanks." Then I raised my head. "It's odd that everyone is so okay with you sleeping in my bed with me. I don't say anything about it because I keep worrying they'll make you stop."
He laughed and then covered his mouth to muffle the sound.
"They're definitely not okay with it. Your dad would probably hate me if I wasn't here for your safety. They want you to feel safe, as well as be safe. Not to mention…" He hesitated to finish. "They sort of have the impression that I've been sleeping on the floor."
"Oh… Well that makes sense."
I thought to myself about how they had nothing to worry about. If it was taking us this long to get to first base, I would be, well, immortal by the time we even rounded second. There's no telling how long it would be before I got any farther.
I assumed his concept of time was goofed up due to the fact that he was immortal. I wasn't going to be pushy about it either, at least not right now
I finally decided to agree to his terms. "Okay. Deal. Tomorrow I question, and you answer. No diverting."
He yawned before responding. "Good, because I'm so beat." He slid me down into his arms and pulled me to his body.
I wasn't sleepy at all at first, but as his fingertips trickled up and down my arm, I found myself more at peace. My eyes got heavier and heavier until finally I was out.

The alarm sounded its infuriating buzzing noise. I rolled over to my stomach and pulled a pillow over my head. I heard it suddenly cut off. Then there were two hands on my shoulders, massaging them.
I loved it when Tallis touched me for any reason.
"That feels good," I mumbled, relishing the strength and softness he used.
That fire didn't seem to be blazing inside me as it usually did under his touch. I assumed I was getting used to it.
I still had my head buried under the pillow as the massaging continued. I was in a pair of boy-cut panties and a white tank top. I didn't realize I had kicked my shorts off during the middle of the night. Now I could feel a gentle breeze hitting my skin, alerting me to that fact.
I didn't race to cover up though. I was thinking it might encourage him to move things along a little faster if he got a tiny little peek. I smiled to myself as I thought of my scandalous plan. Then I rolled over as his hands were rubbing my lower back.
As I turned around, I was greeted with a horrible realization. It was McKee, not Tallis. I screamed.
"What the hell are you doing?"
He put his hands in the air, playfully surrendering.
"Easy, Aria. I just came to see if you needed a ride. Nice bedtime attire, by the way."
"Get out of my room!" I grabbed a sheet to cover myself with.
"Hey, no reason to get all upset. It's nothing I haven't seen on a girl before. Bathing suits show more than that, you know. I just came to tell you I think you should ride with me today. We really need to talk."
I could hear the agitation growing in my tone now. "About what?" I was completely uninterested in anything he had to say at that point.
He lost all the playfulness in his eyes as seriousness swept in. "About your new boyfriend getting lost. He shouldn't be within a hundred feet of you, let alone with you twenty-four hours a day. You don't need him skulking around when you have all of us. I don't like him or the fact that he's spending every night with you. Call me crazy, but I think it's a little undignified."
His arrogant, condescending tone infuriated me to the point where I was shaking.
"Oh, I'll definitely call you crazy. You can leave now," I said through gritted teeth, trying not to scream again.
"I'm not leaving until you agree to come with me. I promise you'll want to hear everything I have to say."
"I can promise you that there is nothing you can say that will make me stop seeing Tallis. I don't want you touching me... ever again. I don't want you following me, and I don't want you anywhere near me right now! You will leave or I'll scream for Iris."
I was completely enraged.
"Go ahead. She knows I'm not a threat. She'll laugh at you for being such a drama queen. Tallis isn't here anyway, so you need an escort."
I heard a slight swish of wind from the window. Tallis was suddenly in the room with his arm around my waist from the front, holding me behind him.
"I think she's told you to leave more than once. I think that's probably a good idea."
He sounded so forceful and protective. He had been treading lightly with McKee because of how strongly tied he was to our family. Tallis had not wanted to make waves unless necessary. I was so glad he found it necessary then. I was also glad that he had shown up so quickly.
"I just thought you might have had something else to do at some point in your life. I was going to give you a little reprieve. She's being way too dramatic."
He was trying his best to belittle my reaction to his unwanted presence.
"If she doesn't want you around, then don't be around her. If you ever put your hands on her again, I'll blow them off," Tallis said threateningly without ever raising his voice.
"Don't tell me what to do. It was just a little massage, and she liked it." He was trying so hard to provoke Tallis, as usual. I was worried this time it would work. Tallis looked ready to try to blow him to pieces.
I spoke up quickly to discredit McKee's claim. "I thought it was Tallis. If I had known some perverted jerk snuck into my room, I would have screamed sooner."
Tallis let a small smile free. He enjoyed it when I took his side, especially against McKee. I was always on his side though, and he was always on mine.
"Well I guess that would be your cue to exit then. The lady has chosen. In case you didn't catch who, it was me… again."
He gloated triumphantly as I leaned against his chest. McKee stormed off in a huff.
"You're always right where I need you to be when I need you the most," I murmured, sighing softly.
I leaned into him, letting the sheet that had shielded me from McKee drop to the floor between us. I put my arms around his neck and stared into his eyes with seductive intentions.
He coughed a little. His cheeks blushed red as his eyes darted nervously from side to side. His heart was racing as I leaned in more, pressing my body against his. His hands ran down my waist, running to the top line of my underwear. He started to pull me in tight, and then suddenly pushed me away.
His voice cracked a little as he spoke. "You have to get ready or we'll be late."
His muscles were clenching, and his body protested. His posture was rigid as he walked away hurriedly. I heard him almost running down the stairs.
"I'm definitely wearing him down." I giggled to myself as I stepped into the shower.
Chapter 11

Bodyguards and Trade Secrets

Sometimes it's hard to see what is right in front of you, until it's too late.

School ended and Tallis walked me out with his arm around my shoulders. I was quick to remind him of his promise from the previous night.
"You owe me a story."
His pretended to be oblivious to what I was referring to. "A story about what?" He tried to sound sincere as he played dumb.
"About the bodyguards. You promised if I went to sleep, that you would answer any question I had today." I put my hand on his stomach as I turned to walk backwards, staring him in the eyes.
"Okay okay." He chuckled lightly at my childlike enthusiasm. Then he looked around as he spoke quietly. "But not here. Let's go to my house. I think it's the best place for private conversation."
He had such a wary tone that I felt almost worried he thought someone was listening in.
He opened my door. As I sat down, I saw McKee leaned against the school, glaring at us. I was flooded with unwelcome chills.
Tallis jumped in and threw his arm around my shoulders again. The looks I got from other girls all the time were so harsh. It was hard to make friends because they all hated me. They knew that McKee was jealous, and Tallis, the hottest guy in school, was mine. Well, sort of mine. I was the first exception to his no dating in high school rule that he'd made. Needless to say, not everyone was pleased with his decision.
Tallis leaned over and kissed me on my cheek. He was so close to my mouth that his breath touched the corners of my lips. That got me some more icy looks from the hyenas. I certainly wouldn't be getting class favorite any time soon.

We pulled up at his house. He took me inside and led me to his room. The tropical smell flowed through the house, just like my old home.
His house was so much quieter than mine. There were so many people living at my house, or staying there all the time. Seven or eight bodyguards at all times, and there was always a family from somewhere different everyday. There were always heads of covens there, and there was always something going on.
Tallis's house was peaceful. He always teased that a Verdan was less maintenance than a Bradbury. I had found it odd that my last name was Weislen, but to everyone from this supernatural world, I was a Bradbury. I guess that was okay. It just took some time to get used to.
We sat on his window seat as he pulled out a photo album. "Awesome! Baby pictures."
I may have squealed a little as I clapped my hands in excitement. Then I realized that my excitement may have been premature.
He smirked and rolled his eyes. "Not exactly. Just some history to help answer your question."
He flipped to a page with some black and white photos of his mom and dad standing next to an unknown man. He looked like a bodybuilder with a thick mustache. I just stared at him, confused.
"He's a friend?" I wasn't sure what he was showing me this for. I had never noticed the guy around.
"He used to be." His voice was muffled.
"What happened?"
He released a harsh breath, and then he answered.
"He was killed." His voice was quiet. but it sounded like a touch of anger may have lingered in the background.
"Oh. I'm sorry." I was a little startled by the sudden and unexpected revelation. I was also confused by it.
"Don't be. I killed him."
His eyes deepened with pain and bottled rage. I just sat very still, waiting on him to continue. I had no clue what to say or where he was going with this conversation. I could feel my eyes wild with surprise. It all seemed so out of leftfield.
Finally, he took a breath and continued in his hushed, anger-laced, painful telling. "We once had a family of bodyguards that lived with us. The Brussels were our best friends. I grew up with Jameson, the oldest son. We did everything together. Thomas, his father, was my dad's best friend. His wife, Adella, was like a sister to my mother.
"Alice was their daughter. She stayed quiet and never really socialized with us. The rest of us were all like a big family.
"There was a big changer meeting coming up. They wanted everyone with changer blood to come in for a family of newcomers. A changer can see another changer's aura, essentially meaning we can sense if each other is good or bad. It's wise to have plenty of backup when making introductions, just in case.
"While we are away for the meeting, my dad left Thomas in charge of taking care of my mom. Adella was there as well. A few other witches that my mother had saved in the past came over as added protection.
"Alice sent a messenger saying I needed to come home right away. I had no idea what that meant. I raced home with Ayla and Desmond. My dad wasn't far behind once he heard of our abrupt and unannounced departure. I was worried something had happened to Mom, or that the house had been attacked during our absence.
"When I got home, I smelled the danger and fear. I raced toward the house. Alice was on the front porch. The closer I got, the more aware I became she wasn't responsive to my presence. I saw her body was lifeless and pale. She was dead.
"I stumbled back as Ayla came running up. I heard something from the backyard. We took off to find out what was going on.
"My mother is an enforcer - a very powerful weapon. However, she rarely used her power because it was the same power her father had possessed. She often worried that the power was too much for her to control. As a consequence for her not using her power, it was not strong enough to have an effect on the stronger guards.
"Thomas stood over her, forcing her into the lake that we lived close to at the time. Mom is strong physically, but Thomas was the strongest bodyguard I've ever known of. She tried casting, but it was mostly ineffective against him, due to his strong immunity."
I hated to interrupt, but there was a lot that I didn't understand yet. He kept forgetting how new I was to all of this. "What is casting?"
"Spell casting. Casting takes a lot of magic and a lot of focus. Small spells are easy enough - changing your face and stuff - but spells to inflict harm or give protection are not so easy. Casting is only practiced by very select families. Few families can do it."
"Will I be able to?" I couldn't help but ask.
"Yes. Your family is very powerful at casting." He glanced at me as a grimace crossed his face while thinking of the next part of his story.
"I'm sorry. Please go on."
He took a deep breath before continuing his story. "I watched as my mother was gasping for air, on the verge of death. That was the first time I was able to use my power the way I wanted to.
"I used every bit of my strength and watched as he flew backwards. He came at me, and Desmond attacked him in the form of a panther, one of his stronger forms. Thomas was then joined by Adella and Jameson. Adella leapt at Ayla as she approached.
"Ayla did something she had never intended to do; something she didn't even know she could do. It was something so powerful that it bypassed the immunity of a bodyguard. Something that forever destroyed Adella's mind, though her body was still alive."
Tallis stopped the story when he noticed I was confused. "I thought her gift was serenity. That seems like the opposite of serenity."
He took another deep breath before continuing. "It is the opposite, but only because she can't control it. Ayla has a second gift to her serenity. She can pull an emotion from your body; however, it's too powerful for her to control as a gift. She can use it as a weapon though.
"She can't control what she pulls out or how much she pulls out. She nearly ruined the mind of a witch while trying to pull pain from her mind after she was struck by a healer. A healer can't heal the wounds inflicted by another healer for several days, sometimes weeks. The girl was in excruciating pain. Ayla tried to isolate her withdrawal to only pain. Her attempts failed and the girl became catatonic. She finally came to, after a year of strenuous casting.
"Ayla was lost as she stared at the horrific thing she had done to Adella, unable to feel anything but peace because of her power, but knowing she should feel something else. She couldn't feel the emotion that she needed to cry or be mad. It had distracted me for a moment, but I ran to pull my mother out of the water.
"She finally gasped for air and coughed out the water that had filled her lungs. We were stupid living so close to the only mortal thing able to kill us - water.
"I looked up to see that my long time friend, Jameson, was now helping his father to double team Desmond.
"Desmond had been beaten badly and was struggling to stay in his changed formation in his weakened state. As he flickered from his human form to his panther form, I raced to defend him, sending a shock of explosion directed at Jameson.
"It sent him flying backwards onto the ground. I watched as he crackled to dust. Thomas turned his attention from Desmond to me. He was enraged that his son had been killed by my hands. He took a step toward me and looked over at Ayla, who was still knelt down in front of the mindless creation she had just made.
"Thomas started running toward them, and I leapt in front of him, blocking his path to my sister. He put his head down and plowed into my abdomen. I could feel my bones crack for the first time in my life. Each breath was suddenly painful. I threw out an explosive force, and this time he didn't get up right away.
"He slowly steadied himself back to his feet, but he was wounded as he clutched his stomach. He tried to attack me again, but now he was too weak for a blunt charge. I fought him as hard as I could hand to hand. He was fast and strong, but he was also weaker, and we were more evenly matched. I threw him to the ground, finally, and put my hands directly on his head. I delivered the last fatal blow of the day as my most powerful explosion rattled the ground.
"My dad got there moments later. The only one we hadn't been close to, Alice, was the only one who had been on our side. The others had killed her for her betrayal, as well as the other witches who were there to help protect my mother. They had been like family. I swore to never trust any magical being again if I couldn't tell which side they were on."
The heavy air weighed down on us both. It was a lot to absorb.
"Well that definitely explains why you don't like McKee." I learned more than I had anticipated, but I was so glad that he had entrusted me with such personal information.
"No. That's just why I don't trust McKee. I don't like him because of the way he stares at you. I don't like the way he keeps trying to weasel in - like this morning."
His tone was lighter now as he made it sound like a joke. Then he turned serious again. "I'm probably just paranoid, due to my personal experience, but it seems that the mortal witches who have been drained of their essence had been entrusted to a bodyguard during that time."
I swallowed hard. That doesn't mean they're traitors though. Sometimes it's out of someone's control. Bad things happen and no one's to blame. I needed that to be the truth. It was hard enough to grasp magic as reality, but to add in possible traitors just terrified me.
"Do you think Chris is bad?" I hadn't been worried about my sister's safety until that moment.
He shook his head before responding. "No. He's one of the bodyguards I do trust. He's your sister's soul mate. Her light shines brightly. Since the great divide in magic - Allora and Dramus - no soul mates can be on opposing sides. I may not can see his intentions directly, but I can see his soul mate's bright light with absolute clarity."
I breathed out a sigh of relief. Then another twinge of worry spread through me. "Do you think any of our bodyguards are bad?"
I moved in closer as my worry turned to fear.
He patted me comfortingly while speaking softly. "Like I said, I'm probably just paranoid. Your family has a prophecy about an unseen child coming. She'll be even more powerful than Isis was.
"Your mother almost died when she was a child. Isis cast a spell preventing her most powerful descendent from ever being seen by seers. However, the spell took on a life of its own, preventing random ones from being seen. Magic made it even more of a guessing game to keep the unseen a mystery.
"Jaslene is a seer who cannot be seen. Graven hunts the unseen ones down because he knows the story from someone. He hunted down your mother who had wandered off from a bodyguard. Allaysia saved her, took her home, placed her at the gate, and used her power to force a mortal to take the girl to the door.
"She couldn't enter without being escorted by someone within the coven, but a true mortal could. She wasn't too badly wounded, but Jaslene still needed a healer, and we didn’t have one.
"Once they realized that Jaslene had suffered, they began hunting for the one who had been responsible. They didn't know he was already dead. My mom had someone wash her trail, and she returned home with haste. She prayed that her scent wasn't on Jaslene. That's when she started giving us the symbolta potion. She didn't want us to be discovered. It wouldn't work on her because of the strong ties she has to the blood. She was the direct daughter of Dramus - it's hard to mask that much blood."
I could see there was something he was holding back. "There’s more, isn't there?" I asked, prompting him to continue.
"We haven't been able to save all the witches we've found. We've hunted these monsters for so long, and we've seen some pretty horrific sights. We've been searching for pennants, I guess, for our family sins. We wanted to be cleared of all the evil things Dramus had done. It was hard not being able to save them all.
"Sable, your mom's sister, had a daughter named Erica. We found her in the woods - her essence and her life were completely missing. We secretly carried the body to Iris's house so she could be given a proper burial and her parents could have closure. It was a hard time for your family. Her whereabouts were supposed to be secret, but somehow the dark followers still managed to find her. I can't help but feel as if they have inside information."
His head bowed solemnly. I moved into his strong arms that welcomed me.
"I'm glad Chris is one of the few guards you trust. Who else is there?"
I felt his smile without seeing it. "For some reason, I trust Everett. I guess it's because of how hard he worked to mask you at the coffee shop. He had to have exerted some incredible power to cover you so effectively. He's also never made any bad comments to me or any of the rest of my family. It doesn't hurt that he seems immune to your bewitching beauty as well."
I rolled my eyes. "The one guard I don't trust is the one guard you do."
He laughed. "I said I trusted Chris, too. You just don't like the fact there's one guy who isn't falling all over himself to be close to you."
I slapped him playfully, but it hurt me worse than it did him.
"Ow! That's just not fair." He laughed as I rubbed my throbbing hand. Then I continued. "Everett just seems so creepy."
Tallis shook his head and pursed his lips. "I've gone and made you paranoid now. Don't worry about anyone coming after you. That's my job."
I brought my face to be closer to his. I made sure to make intense eye contact. I could feel myself drawing closer and closer. I spoke very quietly, trying to be somewhat seductive.
"So what all does your job entail, exactly?"
He smiled menacingly as his eyebrows shot up in surprise. "You're trying to be quite the little temptress right now, aren't you?"
My face flooded with a blushing red. It almost felt as if I had a fever instantly rise. I pulled back quickly and buried my head in my hands as I spoke.
"Wow. I'm not embarrassed at all now."
He put a pillow over his head to drown out his laughter. His speech and laughter were muffled through the pillow. "Sorry. I couldn't resist."
My face was still blood red, so I decided to shift the subject. "So you can blow things up, and you can read a changer's aura. Are there any other special talents you have hidden away?" I leaned over and propped my head on his shoulder.
He smirked at me after tossing the pillow aside. I'm sure he was resisting the urge to tease me further.
"Well actually, my sister, brother, and I can read a witch's power through their essence. Before and after transformation."
My eyes widened with excitement and my head popped up. My pitch was a little higher than normal when I spoke. "Really? And this is just now coming up? Tell me what mine is going to be." I was almost glowing with invigorating exhilaration.
"I don't know." He laughed a little, like he was amused by the look of disappointment that spread across my face.
"I thought you just said you could tell." I was so confused by his contradictory statements.
"I did, but I can only tell what they are going to be when it's something I've come into contact with before. You have something new - very powerful. I haven't ever sensed anything even close to it. Des and Ayla said the same thing." He sounded a little impressed by me. Then he continued. "According to your bloodline, you should be a seer, but you're obviously going to be far more powerful than a seer."
I smiled as I replied candidly. "Well, I hope it's better than blowing stuff up, because right now my family thinks you're the coolest thing ever."
He laughed. "No, they're just excited to have some new powers on their side. Your family has a lot of powerful magic. They can call their powers from all around, not just project it from their bodies. They are at one with magic. I can only project my explosions from my body. Everyone in your family can attack from any direction at any time, making it impossible to know where they are.
"They don't need motion to use their magic either. It makes it stronger when they do use motion, but it's not necessary. They only need their minds. I can't blow up anything without my hands or feet. I have to push the energy from my body. My sister has that ability with her power of serenity, but I haven't gotten to that point. Most likely, I never will."
I looked at him curiously. He had never seemed to be one to doubt himself. "Why not?"
He shook his head slightly. "I'll never be as powerful as I can be. Nor will Desmond or Ayla. My mother has been the one to limit herself the most though."
"Why?" I asked, still puzzled.
He sighed loudly. "We have bound our Craymon half."
I shrugged slightly. "What does that mean?"
He smiled. "It means we have rejected the power that comes from our Craymon half. My mom bound her Craymon half has well. The blood still runs through our veins, but not the magic. And as I said earlier, my mother will barely use her enforcer power that she inherited from her father. It's just a safety precaution. Our magic would be far stronger if we didn't have it bound, but we worry that the magic is tainted from his indiscretions. We're still stronger than most because of our link to Allora, and we still have some power from our Craymon side, but it doesn't flow as freely as it would if we didn't have it bound."
I felt so sorry for him. He didn't even know how wonderful he was. He felt as if he had to work so hard to be good. "I'm sorry."
He leaned over and kissed me on the forehead, as usual. Then he got up and pulled me to my feet. "It's just part of the hand I was dealt. I think that's enough of the heavy talk. It's time to get you home."
"Will you stay with me in the morning? I don't like waking up to a cold half of the bed." My voice was a little pleading.
"I just leave to come home and get ready. Then I go buy you coffee and breakfast. I'm gone an hour, tops." He was almost poking fun of my unwillingness to be without him for one second.
I did have a genuine concern I was hesitant to voice. "I just don't feel comfortable right now, after McKee being in my room this morning. I thought it was you touching me. It kind of creeps me out to know how easy it was for him to just walk in and put his hands on me."
I didn't want to bring it up, but it had been worrying me. I continued on in my somewhat worrisome tone. "I feel like someone's watching me all the time, and trying to find moments when I'm at my most vulnerable."
His face changed from playful to concerned and agitated in a flash. "McKee won't ever touch you again or I will kill him." I knew he wasn't joking as he continued speaking very quietly. "I know for a fact that bodyguards are not invincible to my power. I think there're a lot of reasons for you to worry about someone watching you, but you have people looking out for you all the time. It could just be their eyes."
It sounded like he was trying to convince himself of that more than he was me.
"Okay."
I just left it alone. I could tell he was worried, but he wouldn't admit it to me. I was exhausted from all the new information I had to process anyway.
I went to tell his family goodbye as he did some stuff he had been neglecting to do. They were all so wonderful to me. They acted as if I was their savior for opening the door for them to rejoin the light community. They had been secretly saving people for centuries. They had saved me. They were the heroes, not me.
Tallis came down the stairs with a bag thrown over his shoulder. I lifted my eyes curiously. "What's that for?"
"I have to have stuff to get ready with if I'm going to get ready at your house." He flashed me a smile.
"Thanks." He apparently couldn't tell me no after all.
Chapter 12

Intimacy and Jealousy

Two is company, three is a crowd, and one person always has to get hurt.

I knew I would have to get up a little earlier to get ready so that Tallis would have time to get ready. I didn't want him to have to use a guest bathroom on another floor.
I slapped my alarm as soon as it went off. He stirred a little, but not much. It was the first time I had been able to really wake up to him. His bare chest and abs were so wonderfully gift wrapped in my new white satin sheets he had bought me.
I watched the motion of his chest, expanding and contracting as he inhaled and exhaled. I shook my head to pull myself out of the hypnotic trance I was in.
I took a shower and began drying off, then I grabbed a second towel to dry my hair. As I raised my hand to open the cabinet for makeup, a light bulb burst, and a piece of it flew to my hand, cutting it open.
Bursting light bulbs were a common occurrence in the Bradbury and Verdan houses. Too much magic under one roof caused currents of energy to surge sometimes. There was literally a walk-in closet full of nothing but light bulbs because of the constant bursting.
Not to mention, Jay was an electric, which made every bulb around burst when he got angry. I had seen that first hand, though at the time I was unaware of who or what he really was. Now, I was just as used to it as all of them.
This time was different though. I gasped as I saw the blood pouring from my hand in a relentless flow. Tallis was suddenly in the bathroom, wrapping a small towel around my hand and applying pressure. I stood up and the towel fell from my hair. My long locks fell into place, still dripping wet. He stared as the water rushed down my chest until it reached the second towel that was locked into place.
His breathing was heavy, and his eyes were locked on mine. He got closer and closer. His shirtless body was so close, and his loose shorts hung low on his waist. Every line on his stomach was defined with such perfection.
Before I knew it, his body was pressed completely against mine. His right hand was tangled in my hair, and his left hand was around my waist, pulling me to him in a slow motion.
I moved as he moved, trying not to spook him. He was leading the moment. We were so close that water from my hair was now dripping down his body. His lips lowered themselves toward mine.
Loud footsteps running through the hallway toward us gathered our attention. No! No! No!
It was McKee. He rushed to where we were and Tallis withdrew from me.
McKee glared at Tallis while speaking softly in a concerned manner. "Aria, are you okay? I felt you in trouble." He continued staring at Tallis as his tone turned bitter. "I guess I was right."
I rolled my eyes and responded with exaggerated annoyance. "I'm perfectly fine. A light bulb burst and cut my hand. Tallis took care of it." I pulled the towel off my hand and raised it up as evidence that I was telling the truth. "See? It's already quit bleeding."
McKee continued to stand there, and now he had noticed I was only wearing a towel. Tallis stepped in front of me, blocking his view. I could tell he was annoyed with McKee's uncomfortable and unnecessary lingering; however, his tone remained soft as he addressed him.
"You heard her, McKee. She's fine. I already handled it. You can go now."
"I don't need you telling me what to do," McKee barked, threatening more in tone than in words.
I stepped in between them. McKee stared at my towel which was barely hanging on to my body as Tallis wrapped his arm around me.
"McKee, I'm fine. Thank you for your concern, but I really don't need you. I'm fine."
McKee's gaze cut away for a moment. Then he looked back up with genuine pain in his eyes.
"You wouldn't even be with him right now if I had been there to save you that day. If I had been the one to save you, I would be the one with you every waking second. He was just in the right place at the right time. You shouldn't be with someone because of pure dumb luck."
His voice sounded slightly choked up as he spoke with sincere heartbreak.
I sighed loudly, trying to be sympathetic. I could tell how much this was hurting him, and I didn't want to make it worse. I searched for the best way to deliver my brutal truth.
"McKee, that's not why I'm with him all the time. I really do care about Tallis. I'm sorry, but the fact that he saved me has nothing to do with why I'm with him."
I could see the look of satisfaction mixed with confusion that spread across Tallis's face.
"It is why you're with him. You and he just linked up through the emotions you were feeling for him when he saved you. It's pretty common in our world. You'll see it soon enough. Even if you don't realize it now, things would have gone different without him in the way."
"I'm not in the way. I'm simply keeping her safe. I'll not leave her until she asks me to go." Tallis was a little more stern than earlier, but sincere.
"And that will never happen," I promptly interjected with my still soft-spoken tone.
Tallis showed his approval for my response by kissing my head. McKee didn't say anything else. He left abruptly, dissatisfied by my reaction. I didn't care though because I was back in Tallis's arms, with a small towel being the only thing separating us.
He leaned over and kissed the top of my head again before speaking. "We have to get ready for school"
My shoulders dropped in disappointment. I nodded unwillingly, and left as he climbed into the shower. I was hard pressed not to just climb in the shower with him, but I fought the urge and continued getting ready. Yet again, we had come so close to kissing, but we were interrupted at the most inopportune time.
"It's always something" I murmured aloud as I went to make us some coffee.

We got to school and I could feel someone watching me. Then I saw that it was McKee. He was propped up against his car, close to the entrance. I shook my head and spoke in a very irritated sort of tone.
"I really dread calculus more and more." I looked to Tallis.
He forced a smile. "I'm not very fond of you in that class either, but the semester will be over before you know it. And I'm never too far away."
He leaned over and kissed my cheek once we made it to the lockers. I could hear some girls whispering in envious tones. I just smiled. I was tired of worrying about what the other girls thought of me.
I shrugged and spoke quietly after gathering my books. "I guess I'll see you in a bit."
"It can't get her soon enough."
He let my hand go slowly as he walked away. I took a deep breath and reluctantly headed into calculus.
Mr. Leeson stood at the front of class and talked in a cooler, more causal tone than usual. "We'll be partnering up today to work a project. You're going to use the equations on the board and design any structure you would like. You can use the equations in any order you wish, but they have to all be used. Take a moment and choose your partner."
Great. I had no friends and McKee was the only one I knew in the entire class. No one even glanced my way. No guy was going to get in the mix with Tallis and McKee. No girl wanted to get on Elaina's bad side by pairing up with me.
Everybody paired up and the only two left without a partner was McKee and me.
He slid his chair beside mine with a shrug and a cocky, triumphant smile. "Looks like it's just you and me today."
I didn't say anything. I just let out a sigh of frustration and began working on the assignment. I planned on finishing it very quickly.
I began sketching after I solved each equation. McKee just sat there, staring at me, building the awkwardness. He finally decided to break the silence.
He leaned over closer and spoke in a low, whispered voice. "I know I don't get many chances to talk to you without Tallis hovering, so I have to at least try to explain myself while the opportunity is available."
I didn't acknowledge him. I just kept my eyes on the paper and continued working. That didn't discourage him though. He continued speaking in his whisper.
"I'm sorry I've been such an ass, but I honestly can't help it. I know this world is all new to you, so I know it's hard for you to understand."
I brought my eyes to meet his. "What don't I understand? You seem to be the one who doesn't understand. I'm with Tallis. I'm sorry, but he's the one I want."
Even though I was whispering, you could still hear the aggravation in my tone. I put my eyes back down and continued working.
"When we first met, you were attracted to me. You even liked me a little. I was linked to you in order to hide you. When I was linked, I felt those feelings. They magnified my attraction to you. It's a super thing, if you know what I mean. Not to mention, your strong bloodline makes it that much more intoxicating to be around you. I'm in a rough place right now."
I raised my eyes back up. I could hear the frustration in my whispered response. "I was attracted to you for like a nanosecond. So use your link to figure that out."
I continued on with the assignment, hoping he would just drop the whole conversation.
He didn't though. His pleading tone was almost sad.
"It doesn't work like that. When I first linked to you, those feelings were toward me. When you started feeling like you did for Tallis, I was still linked. Those feelings you have toward Tallis are the same feelings I have toward you. Imagine if you were in my shoes, and Tallis liked you for an instant. Then suddenly he liked someone else, and your emotions only grew.
"It would be hard for you to deal with it. I know I haven't dealt with it all that great... at all, but I'm doing the best I know how to do. I haven't ever been in this situation before. I usually guard people I'm not attracted to for this reason.
"I can't pretend I don't have feelings. I can't just shut them off. I wish I could, but it doesn't work that way. Will you please just be patient with me, and maybe even… a little nicer?"
His voice was hopeful and still quiet. His eyes showed genuine pain, which forced me to look back down. I suddenly changed my tone. I didn't even want to think about how hard it would be to watch Tallis be with someone else. It would be unbearable.
My head rose and I laid down my pencil, preparing to give him my full and undivided attention for the first time. Then I turned my head and looked into his eyes directly.
"Our assignment is finished."
I smiled at him encouragingly. I didn't know what else to say, but I could start trying to be nicer. He was in pain and he was trying to keep me safe. I didn't understand this crazy world of magic, but he was just a guy in pain to me. I saw things a little more clearly, though I admit it was a lot to try to fully understand.
He smiled back and spoke with a satisfactory sort of tone. "That was the other reason I wanted you as my partner. I didn't have to do the first thing." He put his hands behind his head and reclined back slightly, returning to his normal, cocky and confident self. It was nice to see.
I elbowed him sort of hard in the side. He didn't flinch, but my elbow popped.
"Crap!"
People turned their heads to question my accidental outburst. I was slinking down and avoiding their eye contact.
McKee just snickered slightly as he inspected my wounded elbow. Then he spoke in a lower whispered tone than before.
"It should be fine. You can have Aster or Anesta double check it when you get home. Not wise to make any rough physical contact with a bodyguard." He paused as I shook my head. Then his eyebrows raised up and down, as a smug little grin spread across his face. "Well, not all rough physical contact is discouraged, if you know what I mean."
I started to elbow him again, but the light throbbing pain reminded me why that would be a mistake. I just rolled my eyes and commented this time instead.
"I think I'll pass."
The bell rang, interrupting the playful banter, and Tallis was in the doorway promptly. McKee pushed his seat back in place, and Tallis grimaced in a displeased manner.
McKee intentionally made an effort to speak to me on his way out, stopping in front of Tallis. "See you later ,Aria. Glad we got this sorted out. It'll be better now." He left, leaving a pile of mystery in his wake.
Tallis stared at me, quizzical and worried. "What's he talking about?"
I let out a deep sigh. "We talked about the way he's been acting, and he agreed to be better. I agreed to be more understanding. I don't understand all the weird rules of magic. I'm sure it's a little more complicated than I realize."
His eyes were riddled with confusion, as was his voice. "What do you mean?"
We stopped at my locker so I could swap my calculus book for my Spanish book.
"I was attracted to McKee when we first met. I kind of liked him. He said he was linked to me so he could hide-" I paused, trying to find the right discreet phrasing as I noticed people within earshot of our conversation. "-me from the crazies. His link to me and my feelings magnified his feelings."
Tallis's head drooped in a defeated manner. It looked like I had just destroyed his will to even stand at that moment. I quickly continued speaking as I put my hand on his chest and stood directly under him to stare up into his eyes.
"It was a brief second. My feelings for McKee completely vanished without a trace even quicker than they appeared. I was never drawn to him even a fraction of the way I was drawn to you.
"I couldn't even compare the differences in the way I felt about the two of you because there is no comparison to be made. My feelings for you surpassed any hint of attraction I thought I had toward him. My feelings for you surpassed anything I even thought possible."
I wanted to tell him I loved him so badly, but I couldn't in that moment. It wasn't the right time. He raised his head, shaking off the pain. Now he seemed to be pleased with what I had to say.
He grabbed my hand and walked me to my next class. He kissed me gently on the hand before I walked through the door. What a crazy morning.

"Class, turn your books to page one-forty-nine, and read quietly to yourself. We will have a short quiz on conjugations after you finish." Mrs. Inglewood seemed to be talking through a stopped-up nose. She wiped it with a tissue as she sat down in her squeaky chair.
I rolled my eyes. So stupid, I thought to myself. I was staring down at my economics book instead of my Spanish book. I had been so distracted by my conversation with Tallis that I didn't pay attention to which book I had grabbed.
I sheepishly raised my hand. I could hear the embarrassment in my voice. "Mrs. Inglewood?"
She sneezed loudly before her tone of annoyance answered me. "Yes, Aria?"
"I accidentally grabbed the wrong book. Can I run to my locker real quick?" My face beamed red as I heard some of the others snickering.
She huffed in aggravation. "Yes, but do it hurriedly, and don't make a habit of this."
I slid out of my chair and walked toward my locker. I noticed that my locker was open and someone's head was in it. It was Everett.
"What are you doing in my locker?" I spat.
My accusatory tone was abrupt and unexpected, causing him to spin around with a guilty look.
"Sorry. Just a routine check." He seemed like he was hiding something or covering something up.
"So you keep an eye on my locker for evil soul stealers?" I raised one eyebrow to show my disbelief for his answer.
He shifted his weight uncomfortably as he answered. "You never know where danger may be. It's usually right in front of you. It's just too hard to see because it's so perfectly camouflaged. You wouldn't notice it at a glance, but it becomes more obvious when you realize what you're looking for. For instance, there might be a scratch on the wall of your room that you didn't notice for years. Then one day, it suddenly stands out. And once you've seen it, you can't help but stare at it every time you're in the room."
I hate riddles. His answer insinuated there was something he knew that I didn't. He made me squirm uncomfortably as I swapped my books. I'd never trusted Everett. He had always given me an uneasy feeling with his cruel and cold looks.
Then suddenly I grew angry when I thought I knew what he was talking about. "You better not be referring to Tallis. He's as good as anyone - better than most. I'm so sick of hearing about his bad blood."
His eyes twitched with heavy hesitation. His voice was riddled with regret. "It's not Tallis. He's chosen his light, and I trust that his intentions are pure. I wasn't referring to anything in particular. Like I said, just a routine check."
He walked by me hastily, probably feeling chastised, and I stared at him until he disappeared. When I turned back to my locker, I gasped out a breath of startle.
McKee was inches from me. I could hear my too-loud voice shriek slightly in surprise.
"What are you doing here?" I breathlessly asked.
"I felt something wrong. I was just coming to make sure you're okay. What are you doing out of class?"
He put his hand on my side. I didn't like his touch. It made me feel like I was doing something wrong. I wiggled away subtly as I responded.
"I had the wrong book. I had to explain the intentionally antagonistic remark that you made in front of Tallis." I flashed him a disapproving glare.
"Sorry. Old habits die hard. I just wanted him to know what was going on without me having to tell him. I'm sorry if he didn't take it so well."
He looked like he was trying to hide a smile. He was pleased with his instigative remark, and he had most likely hoped it would spark a fight between me and Tallis. He wasn't too pleased when I finished telling him what had happened though.
"Well, he was hurt when I explained why you were the way you were, but he was better when I told him how completely devoted to him I was. He understood, and I got to tell him how much I really do care for him. It actually worked out pretty well all the way around."
"You love him, don't you?" he asked, catching me off guard. "Don't deny it. I'm linked to your emotions. I don't really know what love feels like personally, but I do know that your feelings are strong."
He sounded so wounded, like I had just broken his heart. Now I felt like I was being cruel again.
I sighed loudly. "I wasn't going to deny it. I just haven't told him yet. I'm really sorry if this hurts you. I'm not trying to be mean or dismissive of your feelings. I really do love him, and he's the one I want to be with every second of every day. I have no intentions of ever being with you, and I feel like it would be nicer of me to be honest, than to let you think that there would be a chance for us."
I touched his shoulder, trying to be sympathetic when I saw the wave of pain and disappointment that spread across his face.
Then in a hushed tone, he said, "One day he's going to hurt you. You may not believe it now, but it will happen. I'll be here when it does. You'll see how much you've been missing when that happens, and you're going to kick yourself for not seeing it sooner."
Then he turned and went back toward his class.
I shook off the feeling of guilt I had. I did hate hurting him, but I knew Tallis cared for me and would never hurt me. I went back to class with the correct book and tried to pretend everything was okay.
The rest of the day flew by, thankfully. Tallis took me home and we had an unexpected surprise. My parents had arrived early. Finally, something good was happening. I couldn't wait to introduce them to Tallis.
Chapter 13

More to it than Just Love

A promise not kept is nothing more than a pretty lie.

I had spent almost every waking moment with Tallis. I was learning everything I could about him. There was still so much to learn.
He was eighteen when he turned eternal. His mom said he was the youngest that she knew of. He was kind of proud of that fact. I'd been worried I would be older, like Iris or Allaysia, but Tallis said that was unlikely.
He said most people turned around their early twenties nowadays. He believed that magic was evolving and we were transforming earlier to get closer to the guardian deadline. That way we wouldn't have to go long without being masked. He also believed that it may have been a side effect from the spell cast by Allora.
He told me we would start preparing my body when I showed signs that I was close to transformation. I didn't like the idea of waiting that long to see if I was his soul mate.
The days had flown by, and it was closing in on Christmas break. School was going to be out for a couple weeks, and I looked forward to spending every moment of those two weeks with Tallis. I was concerned about the fact that it had been a few months, and he still had not kissed me.
We had gotten so close so many times. There were so many heated moments where he couldn't run away, but someone always ruined it. It was Ash mostly. She and Desmond had been spending a lot of time together though.
I had asked Tallis if he knew anything. He said that Des would be in denial for a while, even if they were soul mates. Desmond still felt hurt from the years of feeling like a pariah. He was still adjusting to the new acceptance, and seeing Ash here and there would eventually wear him down. Tallis said that it would be nearly impossible for Desmond to stay away once they had a true, emotionally connected moment. Sometimes it just took a spark to ignite a roaring fire.
I had decided I was finally going to tell Tallis I was in love with him. We were supposed to hang out with Aster and Chris later - since I had to be masked and Chris was a bodyguard - and then when we got back, I had every intention of telling him how much I felt for him.
I had it all planned out perfectly. Our Christmas vacation started in the morning, so no annoying buzzing and no empty bed when I got up. We could just sleep in and snuggle the day away. Hopefully, there would be some overdue affection during that time.

We got home from school, and I went straight to my room. I called Ash who was all too excited to come help me out with getting ready for my big night out. I couldn't wait.
Ash put me in a little fitted black dress that was sleeveless. It was absolutely freezing outside, so I decided that something had to give.
I dug through my closet and found a cute dark denim pair of jeans. Then Ash grabbed a sheer red shirt and gave me a black see-through lacy shirt to wear underneath. I felt pretty good about the way I looked.
She put my dark brown hair in some loose curls, and I had on a little more makeup than usual, but in a tasteful, glamorous sort of way. I had on black high heels with red stripes that crisscrossed in the front. It was the first time I had ever felt confident about the way I looked.
I'd never walked in high heels, so Ash spent thirty minutes giving me lessons. It was a lot harder than I had anticipated, and Ash was frustrated with my inability to be girly. I awkwardly got the hang of it - enough to pass her test, at least.
While I waited, I sketched in my art room. I sketched what I had been sketching for several months. His face was all I could see. His lips were the hardest part to get right because they were so inexplicably perfect.
I was so nervous about the first time I was going to say I love you. I was nervous about what I thought would be our first kiss. Tonight, things were going to change, and I was going to make sure of that.
Jaslene came up the stairs. She and Alvin had been living in the guest house out back.
"Hey there, pretty girl," she chirped. Her eyes widened slightly in a very surprised and displeased sort of way. "You're a little too pretty actually. You don't look like the same glum, young girl that left me in Haluali." Her voice was upbeat at first and then turned sappy and sentimental.
"I'm not the same girl. A lot has changed… I've changed." I couldn't stop smiling, but there were tears in her eyes.
"Be careful, honey. There's a lot more that's going to change in your life, and well, Tallis may be one of those changes to come." Concern wrenched her voice.
"Tallis is in my life to stay. I know you think I'm just a young foolish teenager, especially since you're like three-hundred years old, literally. But I know this is real, and I trust that I'm right."
"I'm actually four-hundred-and-fifty. I was born back when... Well, no history lessons tonight. Tonight my little girl goes out on her first real date."
It was odd seeing her look thirty again. She almost looked the same age as Iris. It was still an adjustment.
She hugged me tightly and went back downstairs to where everyone was congregated. I joined them shortly after. We were talking and joking around when there was a knock at the door.
Jay laughed while speaking in a playfully teasing tone. "Did he actually just knock? He's been coming on in for months now. I swear he's moved in and not told anyone."
He had no room to talk. Ayla spent most of her time there, too. She and Jay had become inseparable. It was uncanny really. Jay had never been the settling down type. That soul mate connection must be pretty powerful stuff. I couldn't wait to be Tallis's soul mate.
Aster walked to the door, motioning for me to come with her so that the family didn't tease us for longer than necessary. McKee was there, scowling as usual when it came to Tallis and me. He was completely different than the perky, confident guy I met the first day of school whenever Tallis was around.
I felt bad for him, but I loved Tallis. McKee stared at me as I walked to the door. Then he made a snide comment.
"Don't see the point of taking her out when he's been sharing her bedroom for months now."
I cut my eyes at him and shook my head. He wasn't ruining this for me. I wouldn't allow it.
As soon as Aster opened the door, I darted out to the porch. There he was. He had on dark denim jeans with a button up black shirt that complemented my ensemble quite nicely. His eyes grew incredibly wide when he saw me.
"Wow." He seemed surprised, which was flattering and a little disheartening at the same time. I definitely needed to dress up a little more. "Did I miss something? Aren't we going to grab a bite at the diner?"
I heard Jay snickering. I ignored him though. I was slightly blushing as I spoke with a bit of embarrassment. "Yeah, I just let Ash have her way with me tonight."
As I shut the door behind us, he waved to everyone. I grumbled under my breath when I saw McKee roll his eyes.
Tallis wrapped his arm around my waist to usher me to the car. I leaned into him, ignoring the fluttering nerves trying to strangle me.

We got to the diner and I heard a guy whistle at me. Tallis shot him a threatening look. The guy threw his hands up in mock surrender, snickering somewhat. Tallis shook it off.
"He wouldn't be laughing if he knew you could blow him up with the flick of your wrists," Chris whispered, chuckling lightly.
Tallis let out a laugh and got over the quick surge of anger. He put his arm around me. He winked at me as he spoke in his smoldering tone. "I guess I can't blame him for his interest. You're… well… perfect."
I felt myself blushing, squirming awkwardly under his enamored gaze. "Ash worked hard." I smiled lightly.
"She didn't have to do anything. You're always beautiful." He winked at me, making those butterflies collide in frenzy.
"So then there's nothing special about me tonight?"
"I never said that. Tonight-" He paused, letting his eyes rake over me in appraisal. "Tonight, you're stunning in a whole new light. Made me gasp for air."
Now I really was blushing. He certainly had a way with words. He was definitely smooth and charismatic. I found charm in the tiniest of things he would say. I was in love with him, and my resolve was cemented. I knew he was my soul mate no matter what the odds were.
My voice was quiet. "Thank you."
"Anytime." He was staring intensely into my eyes until we were interrupted by the waitress.

We finished up and walked out with our fingers interlocked. The night was going great.
Chris and Tallis had been having a friendly dispute about who was faster. They decided on a ten mile race. Tallis turned to kiss me on the cheek.
Mmm. His lips were so soft.
"Chris and I are going to settle this. I'll be back soon. I'll be the one you see first."
Aster rolled her eyes as Chris leaned over and kissed her. "Be careful, boys. Don't let yourselves be seen."
Chris chuckled as he spoke teasingly. "I don't know about him, but I'll be going too fast for the mortal eye to see." Then with a whirling sound of wind, they were gone.
Aster and I walked around to the side of the restaurant. She laughed lightly as she spoke. "Boys will be boys I guess. I suppose it doesn't matter how many centuries they have under their belt."
"Apparently." I laughed, too.
Then we heard voices. It was the guy who had made Tallis mad earlier by whistling at me, along with some other rough looking guys.
"What's up ladies?"
The fatter one licked his lips as he walked toward us. His bulging belly shook as he approached. I cringed at how grotesque I found him to be.
"How's about we go have a little fun?"
Aster looked at him threateningly and replied sarcastically. "Oh gee, what's that on my finger? Oh yeah, it's a wedding band. My big strong husband wears one that matches."
The guy didn't care about her noted rejection. Now he locked his eyes on me. "What about you? You aren't wearing a ring, honey."
I pulled back, but I wasn't scared. I knew Aster could take them with no problem. Not to mention what Tallis would do to them, or what Chris would do.
"I don't see why not. You guys want to come back in about twenty minutes and see if we're still here?" I could hear my sarcasm matching Aster's, and I admit, I got a bit of an adrenaline rush.
"You girls think you're cute," the greasy guy sneered.
They all reeked of alcohol. The wild in their eyes was scarier now that I had upset them. Something was off. The darkness swallowing their eyes up was almost inhuman. Though they were foul, they didn't carry the stench the creepy guy from the woods held.
"You think it's comical to poke fun of people because you think you're hot and rich? Let's see how funny you think this is."
He reached over and grabbed me by the waist and threw me over his shoulder very forcefully before carrying me away. I pounded his back ineffectively. He didn't even flinch.
I was looking for Aster to save me, but she didn't. Finally, I spotted her. She was on the ground, holding her stomach, eyes squeezed shut in pain. I didn't know what just happened.
I struggled to get free, but he was too strong and he wasn't letting me go.
He finally dropped me to the ground. My knees hit first and I felt them bust open against the pavement. I could feel shooting pain as someone kicked me in the stomach. They seemed possessed as they showed no mercy, but their strikes were mortal. What the hell was going on?
A voice taunted me with no compassion. "How hot are you now. smartass?"
I tried to get up, but my knees hurt too badly. They burned like they were on fire. I could feel the blood running down my legs. One of them grabbed me by my hair and slung me into the side of a dumpster.
I felt my lip split open, my breaths grow coarser, and my eye swell. I could taste blood now.
They just laughed as they passed around a bottle of liquor. Then one of them sucked on something that resembled a pipe. They were deranged and sadistic as they took pleasure in beating me to a pulp.
With every new blow, I worried about what would be next. I worried that despite the immortal attack I had survived, I was going to be killed by strung-out, alcoholic mortals.
I heard someone talking, though the sound seemed echoed and distant. I struggled to move, and my breaths were painful.
"Yo man. We're just teaching her some manners. Rich girls think they own this town. This ain't got nothin' to do with you. Just walk away before you get hurt."
The next thing I knew, there was a guy sailing through the air, slamming into the dumpster right beside me. Then I heard the greatest sound in the world ring out - Tallis's voice.
"Really? Six guys beating the hell out of one girl?" A string of curse words flew from his mouth as he lost control, breaking anything he touched.
The guys were running and screaming, but Tallis was bringing them back. Each one of them was lucky they only looked as bad as I did. Tallis showed restraint not killing them. I'm sure he wanted to.
When he finished, my attackers were all lying on the ground, unconscious, but still breathing. Tallis turned to me with tears in his eyes. He picked me up and started carrying me away from the disaster zone. I stifled the wince that begged to be freed. It hurt... everywhere.
"I'm so sorry," he murmured through a strained, agonized tone.
I summoned all the strength I could to keep from showing him how much pain I was in.
"It's not your fault. I'm the one who antagonized them. I thought Aster would stop them, but something happened to her. Is she okay?" My voice was shaky, and weak, not aiding me in convincing him I was okay.
He grimaced upon hearing the painful sound in my voice. "Nothing you could have said would justify anyone ever doing this to you. You have no idea how bad I wanted to snap their necks in half," he hissed through gritted teeth.
I asked my question again, in an attempt to shift the conversation. I worried that he might actually go back to finish the job. "What about Aster?"
He answered while still assessing the damage done to my body. "She'll be fine. Chris took her to the house to see Anesta. I'm sure it's nothing."
He sounded convincing, but I was still worried.
He set me in the car, and I cringed with pain as my knee scraped the side of the door. "Ow, ow, ow, ow," I squealed through one rapid breath.
My hands were skinned pretty badly from being drug on the pavement. My lip felt twice the size it should. My face throbbed with pain, and the unwelcome taste of blood invaded my mouth even more.
Tallis's face was unnervingly furious and miserable at the same time. He leaned away like he was going to go back, but I grabbed his hand.
"Let's go check on Aster. I'm worried."
He nodded somewhat reluctantly and climbed in the car. He slammed his door so hard I was surprised it didn't break. Before I knew it, we were going a hundred-and-twenty down the old highway. I just dropped my head back, hoping the pain would cease or at least decrease. It only seemed to worsen though. Everything on me was throbbing with pain. Then I felt Tallis touch the side of my cheek with the back of his hand in a caressing motion. I looked at him and tried to make light of the situation.
"Well, I was trying so hard to look sexy tonight. I think this just put me over the top."
My attempt at humor was in vain. He didn't smile. He just stared at the road, silently brooding for several minutes.
"No one will ever hurt you again as long as I'm alive."
The conviction and protectiveness in his tone made my heart flutter. It was the perfect moment. As horrible as I looked, it was still perfect. I was about to tell him I loved him, when suddenly we were at the house. The yard was littered with vehicles.
"What's going on? Is it Aster?" Now I was really worried.
"I'm not sure."
He jumped out and had my door open before I even got my hand on the handle. He scooped me up, carrying me and my battered body. He had no idea how painful this was. His grip was too tight, but I couldn't tell him.
"I can walk."
"No, it's the least I can do for leaving you alone." His eyes were almost in tears from his unwarranted guilt.
I took a deep breath and spoke through the pain. "Quit blaming yourself. This wasn't your fault at all. I'll be fine."
Chris met us at the door. He had a look of sheer terror that instantly turned to fury. "Damn!" Then he turned to Tallis with his fists clenched. "I'll go back with you, right now."
I put my hand up quickly in front of Chris to stop him. "Tallis already handled it. They'll feel worse than I do when they come to." I stopped for a second to fight of a burning stab of pain from my knees. "I don't want to talk about this. I want to know what's going on with Aster."
His face changed. So many emotions gathered in his eyes at once that I couldn't tell what was going on.
I was ready to panic, when he said, "We're having a baby."
I could hear the shock and worry in my tone. "What? Is the baby okay? What happened? Aster was on the ground."
"Yeah, having a magical baby introduce itself can apparently knock you off your feet. Aster didn't know what was going on. She's pretty worried about you though. I told her not to worry. I never imagined… What kind of mortals do this to a girl? I never even knew animals like that existed."
They kept fussing over me instead of worrying about Aster. I was almost terrified to see what I looked like. I could feel my ribs trying to dislodge.
"I'm fine. I promise," I lied. "Why is everyone here?"
"It's customary to call the heads of the families in on the first night of awareness - to get their blessings. They wish the baby a safe journey and prepare the body for the carrying of a magical child."
"Oh."
I knew he was excited, but I could also tell he felt conflicted about being happy after seeing how I looked. I felt like I was taking away from the moment. I didn't want anyone else to see me.
Aster needed everyone to focus on her. I looked at Tallis and spoke quietly. "Will you take me outside?" I took a breath, still fighting off the searing pain that seemed to be spreading by the minute, then I looked at Chris. "Chris, will you send Anesta out when she gets a chance?"
His eyes were so burdened as he spoke with absolute guilt. "Yeah no problem, Aria, and again, I'm sorry."
"Don't be. I'm fine." Sharp pains kept coming from my side where I had been kicked. I certainly didn't want Chris or Tallis feeling worse, so I didn't tell Tallis that the way he was holding me was torture.
He gently placed me on the swing of the front porch. He sat beside of me and carefully placed my head in his lap. He began gently stroking my hair, while letting his free hand rest gently on my stomach. It was peaceful, minus the pain of course. I reached up to touch his face. It was soft and gentle, like him. I pulled his hand from my stomach up to my lips and kissed it. He smiled and finally looked down at me.
"So on a scale of one to ten, how incredibly tempting am I right now?" I joked. He shook his head, amused, but said nothing. I wasn't giving up that easily. "Too soon?"
That got a snicker out of him. I smiled up at him and he flashed a small grin at me. I knew my voice still carried waves of pain in it. "At least I got something out of you besides sadness."
A ruffled breath blew out of his tightened lips.
"You don't know how hard it is for me to know that I could have prevented this." His eyes were riddled with guilt he didn't deserve to feel.
"I'm fine. You did prevent it from being worse. If you hadn't shown up, then I really would have been in a mess. You always save me though."
"Yeah but-"
I put my hand over his mouth to stop him from continuing to blame himself. "But nothing. I'm very happy that you saved me…again. You're always my hero."
He smiled big that time.
We were interrupted as Anesta walked up, speaking with uncertainty in her voice. "Aria? Chris said you needed me." Her eyes caught sight of my battered body. Fury and surprise rang out in her tone. "What the hell happened?"
"A group of guys jumped me, beat me up pretty badly. Tallis stopped them before one of them cut my face up."
Tallis flinched. I guess he hadn't even noticed what was going on when he threw himself into the fight. He just knew I was a bloody mess on the ground.
Anesta shook her head in disbelief. "Filthy mongrels. They should be turned to ashes for this."
"It's my fault. I shouldn't have left her side." Tallis put his head down in shame.
Anesta had been cruel to the whole Verdan family since the alliance. I was surprised when she didn't take the opportunity to kick him while he was down.
"You can't watch her every second of every day. You left her in the very capable hands of Aster. How were you to know her baby would make introductions tonight? You've barely left Aria's side for more than an hour or two at a time for the past few months. You haven't hurt her or taken advantage of her, and it seems like you're always saving her. You shouldn't feel guilty for this. Not to mention, she'll be just fine in a couple of minutes. This is the easy stuff. Mortals are too weak to make a mess I can't clean up quickly."
I smiled as they exchanged a silent promise of truce. Anesta was finally accepting the Verdan's. Or at least Tallis anyway. She looked down at me.
"All right. I need to know where you hurt the most. I need to start with the worst pain."
I pointed to my stomach and spoke through gritted teeth. "I think my ribs are broken."
I saw Tallis's face distort. He realized I'd been in pain the whole time he'd been holding me. "Why didn't you say something?" he asked, his tone swelling with misery.
"Because you would've just felt worse."
I forced a smile as Anesta put her hands on my sides. My ribs moved inside my body. It hurt for a moment longer, but then I could breath easily without the sharp pains. Next she put her hands on my knees. I watched in disbelief as my skin that had been ripped apart suddenly closed back together right in front of my eyes. It looked like nothing had happened. Then she did my hands, my lip, and my bruised face. When she finished, she hugged me and I thanked her.
I looked at Tallis, who was still beating himself up. I looked down at my body as I spoke with ease now. "See? Now the only things messed up are my clothes. I need to go change."
He stood up and wrapped an arm around me. We went upstairs, away from the multitudes of people.

When we got to my room, I put on some new clothes. He had his back turned to me, staring out the window. I threw on a pair of yoga style pants and a tank top. I walked over to where he was standing and wrapped my arms around him.
"You like that window, don't you?"
"I just like making sure you're safe, even though I didn't do so good tonight."
"Don't start that again." I paused for a minute. "Anesta seems to be coming around. That's good."
"She's not so bad. She's just in pain." His eyes started looking down toward the floor as he talked to me.
"Why is she in pain?" I was puzzled by his statement.
"Anesta has been looking for centuries for her soul mate. She's been waiting and longing for her other half. She's never looked outside the realm of witches. Then she learns that bodyguards and witches can also be mates. So she expands her search into the guards as well. Then she finds out about Allaysia and Edmond, and realizes that she's been so closed-minded for centuries. She's been looking for a witch instead of looking for magic. It's disheartening because now she worries that she has already missed her chance. There's so many more places to look as well."
"Oh. I hadn't thought about that." It would be lonely to be alone for centuries. I thought for a moment. "I think you… I think we're soul mates."
I didn't intend to blurt it out so boldly, or awkwardly. I was becoming increasingly horrible with timing and words.
He hugged me. He didn't seem surprised by my statement. I started pulling his face down toward mine, but he caught my arms and stopped me. I was a little hurt, but mostly confused.
"I'm sorry. I guess I thought you felt the same way." I felt my voice cracking and heard its uneven tones.
He grimaced slightly. "I care for you, but this is dangerous."
I tilted my head. "Why is this dangerous?"
He sighed loudly and walked away from me. "Everyone thinks that Dramus was this crazy lunatic that sat in a dungeon and looked for a way to drain an essence. That's not how it happened though. He was just trying to kiss a witch and found himself inhaling her. That sort of thing doesn't happen like that for the other dark ones. They have to try to inhale. That could very possibly happen to me, considering I share his blood."
I shook my head. "That's crazy. You're nothing like him. You're pure and light. I can't see it, but I can feel it."
He looked away with shame and guilt in his eyes. "That's not a chance I'm willing to take with your life."
I put myself in front of him and forced him to look at me. "It's a chance I'll take all day."
He put his hands on my shoulders and sighed again. "I wouldn't let you take such a chance. I won't do anything that jeopardizes your safety ever again."
I rolled my eyes. "You haven't ever jeopardized my safety. I'm a big girl, and I can make my own decisions."
He was avoiding eye contact with me. "Not about this. I can't let you risk your life just to be with me. It's not fair and it's not practical. It's just your emotions running away with you, and for some foolish reason, I've allowed myself to get wrapped up. I'm only endangering you by getting so close."
"Don't. Don't do this. We've been stuck in limbo for so long - together but not together. Don't do this."
He groaned, letting his hand roughly slide through his hair. "Aria, you don't know what you're saying."
I could feel tears forming in my eyes. "I know we're soul mates. I can feel it. Every time we touch, every time you look at me, every time I even get close to you, I can feel it. I can feel the pounding in my heart getting heavier anytime you're gone for too long. I know I'm right about this. Don't say that it's just my foolish emotions, because I know it's so much more."
"I don't think you understand. Soul mates are hard for immortals to understand, let alone mortals. I know that you feel for me, but it's the attraction to my immortality. It's a normal feeling. Mortals have always been drawn to immortality. A link. It's not me. Magic is completely intoxicating. It draws you in without you even realizing it. Your magic isn't here yet, but I can still feel it pulling me in. It's strong and almost irresistible. But that doesn't make us soul mates."
I was dumbfounded. I'd been certain that he knew it was as real as I did. I couldn't believe he didn't feel the same way. But I was mostly crushed by the fact that he viewed me as he did any other mortal.
The dams broke and tears began pouring out. "I thought… I was sure that… I know I feel something between us. I know it's more than an attraction to immortality. I'm not attracted to anyone but you. All I can think about is you." I watched as he winced lightly, and I sloppily wiped my tears away.
He spoke even quieter. "You and I have a strong bond, because of how much time we've spent together. The magic in your veins is stirring from being in such close contact with mine. When you're immortal, all of those feelings are amplified to a degree you can't even comprehend yet. Once you transform, you will see all of that with such better clarity. You will also understand the emotional linkage as well. When you transform, the strength of that link will be gone. The connection that draws you to me will be gone."
His eyes twitched with pain, and he took a steadying breath.
"You don't want to kiss me. Not like this. I've fought so incredibly hard to resist such temptation. Everyday I fight the urge and try not to let myself want you."
Tears were pouring out faster than I could wipe them away. "Quit fighting! I don't care why you think I want you. I know why I want you. It's more than your immortality or our magic. And it's much more than some stupid link!
"It's the way you smile when I talk. It's the way I feel when I'm sleeping beside you. It's the way I feel when you're waiting on me outside with coffee in the mornings. It's the way you stare me in the eyes, and I know you're the only person in the world for me. I was so sure you felt the same way."
He wouldn't even look at me when he spoke again. I could hear him clearing his throat so as not to choke up.
"I know it feels like that, but I know what I'm talking about. Your mind will change; the way you feel for me will change. It's going to kill me as it is. I don't want to make this any worse than it's already going to be. I've been so selfish by letting your human emotions affect me.
"We're drawn to mortals, too, and the feelings they have. You can love and lose, and then love again. It's not that way for us. I've been around for many years. I was glad to feel free to care the way you did. Until you, I didn't even know how much I yearned to feel connected to someone - real or not. But if you waste the rest of your mortal life with me, you'll regret squandering the chance to be with whoever you choose while you can still choose.
"The reason a soul mate bond is so strong is so that magic can carry on. It's not a bad thing once you've found it, but until you do, it's a lonely road. I can't let you give up your opportunity to choose while you still can. You'd never forgive me, and I'd never forgive myself."
Tears flooded my face furiously now. It was almost hard to breathe. I felt as if I was going to hyperventilate. "I choose you. I choose everything about you. If you don't think I can love you later, then just let me love you now, because I do love you ."
He had tears flickering on the edge of his eyelids, trying to fall. He wouldn't blink in order to keep them from doing so. "I can't do this to you. I care about you too much. I want things to stay the way they are. In my world, there is more to love than just love. You can't help it."
I took a deep breath. I was hurt and mad. I was so confused and embarrassed. "They can't stay the same. I want you, and I just told you I love you. If you don't want me that way, then you should go."
"Aria, please." His tone pleaded for me not to do this. I regretted ever saying anything.
I lowered my voice, letting anger slither away to leave me alone with my pain and humiliation. "I can't right now. I can't pretend like I didn't just try to give you my heart completely. I can't pretend this isn't unimaginably painful. I can't pretend that it's easy to be with you right now. Just go, please. I need some time to process all of this."
My voice was barely a whisper by the end. I couldn't look at him anymore. It hurt too much.
"Aria, I never meant to hurt you. That's what I'm trying not to do."
I put a hand in the air and turned my head away to stop him from talking. There was nothing he could say right now to make it okay that he wouldn't even consider that I might be his soul mate. I was just a dumb mortal to him. He was the dumb one though. I knew I was right. I just didn't have the strength to keep fighting at that moment.
"I know you didn't mean to, but you did just hurt me. Please... go," I whispered.
I turned around, facing away from him. Then I heard the swish of wind blowing out the window. I walked over to the same window and watched him drive away. He blazed out of the driveway. I could hear the squealing of tires for miles. At least I didn't have to worry about him dying in a car wreck.
I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. "Arisianna?" It was Jaslene. "Honey, are you okay? I saw, and heard Tallis leave. What happened?"
As she made her way over to me, I fought back the fresh onslaught of tears.
"I told him I loved him and he didn't feel the same way. He said my mortal feelings clouded both of our minds. Then he proceeded to tell me I needed to enjoy the rest of the mortal time I have and love other people."
I started sobbing uncontrollably as she sat down beside me on the bed and wrapped her arms around me. She kissed my head and began rocking me slightly, as a mother tends to do when her child is hurting.
"Oh, honey, I was afraid of this. Tallis did the honorable thing. He's just looking out for you," she said. Her tone was deceitfully comforting, but her words cut through the already shredded pieces of my heart.
My eyes narrowed with a rejuvenated sense of anger. "What?" I backed away, swatting at her hands when she reached for me. "How could you say that to me right now?"
Her tone turned to explanatory as she tried to defend her poor choice of words. "Dear, I know you believe he's your soul mate. All of this has just been sprung on you too fast. You learned about your destiny in the most unconventional way. I'm sorry, but you haven't had the proper amount of time to really digest the overwhelming heaps of information you've had thrown at you. It's going to take some time, but you will understand. The chances of you finding your soul mate so fast are slim to none. The chances of you finding your soul mate before transformation are… Well, it's never happened before. It's an emotion the mortal mind is too fragile to fully comprehend."
I swallowed hard against the lump in my throat, recoiling from her even more.
"What about Aster, Gear, and Jay?" I barked. "Desmond may be fighting it, but he's still Ash's mate. Maybe our family has a need for their soul mates so quick."
Jaslene grimaced, letting her guard down enough to show me secretiveness in her eyes.
"Arisianna, dear... Geariandan and Astrianna are over a hundred years old. They were born a full century before you. Jaymondian and Ash are, however, the exception to the rule. Ayla has been searching for centuries though. The same goes for Desmond. And Ash is truly struggling in pain while he fights the emotions that even someone as old as he has difficulty understanding. It's not as simple as you believe it to be. I wish it was."
I was still reeling from the first part of her revelation. Has my whole life been nothing but one enormous wad of lies?
"Whoa. Gear and Aster are that old? Why am I just now finding that out? I have memories of them growing up with me. They were older, but I still remember them."
I was starting to glare at her with absolute distrust. Everything... All of it... It was all a lie.
She grimaced again. "Fabricated memories, mostly," she said, letting out a harsh breath when she saw the horror on my face. She sighed deeply before continuing. "When Gear and Aster would come to visit, they would bring a guard. They would also change their appearance to be younger. However, most memories were the concoction of a dreamer."
My eyes grew wide. I felt like a rug had just been pulled out from underneath me and I was landing on a bed of jagged rocks. Everything had been turned upside-down.
My voice echoed the betrayal I was feeling inside. "You have to be kidding. Memories of my brother and sister are fabricated? How could you?"
She tried to touch me, but I knocked her hand away with disgust. She frowned slightly.
"I'm sorry, dear. I didn't plan on having anymore children after Geariandan Astrianna. I told you about getting my tubes tied before getting pregnant with you, but it wasn't true. I went to a chanter, which is a magical doctor. He told me I wouldn't have anymore children, but directly after I had Jaymondian and then Ashiara the very next year. Then I went back to the chanter. Again he told me I wouldn't have any more children. Then you introduced yourself to me so late in the pregnancy that it nearly shocked me to death. I was trying to protect you, but now it seems as if I should have told you about your destiny sooner."
"You think?" I scoffed sardonically, refusing to meet her gaze.
She sighed. "I may have done this all wrong, but everything I did was for you. I thought I was doing what was best for you. Nothing like this has ever happened with your siblings."
I just mumbled, "The road to hell was paved with good intentions."
She groaned, desperate to find a way to clear her conscience, but I was done. I had no intentions of easing her guilt.
She took a deep breath before speaking again. "Honey, you've had so much dropped on you so fast. Let's not press anything tonight. I think you need some rest. We'll talk in the morning. Give your emotions time to settle down. We shouldn't let anything get said that we might regret." She got up and headed to the door, hesitating before she fully retreated. "Good night."
I didn't say anything. I just turned away. I listened as her footsteps disappeared down the stairs.
Chapter 14

Gas on the fire

When your world falls apart, you can't always pick up the pieces by yourself.

I woke up the next morning with tears still staining my eyes. My head was aching from the absurd amount I'd cried. I could hear people talking outside. I half hoped it was Tallis.
I peeked out the window to see a younger guy. He was maybe twenty. He was huddled up with several members of our coven.
I walked outside to find out what was going on. I wasn't really in the mood to deal with company, but I needed something, anything to take my mind off of Tallis.
I stumbled outside, thanks to the threshold of the doorway sticking up too far. Gear walked up to take my hand, and pulled me toward the new member.
"This clumsy girl is my youngest sister, Aria."
How dare he act like nothing was wrong. I'd just found out he and Aster had been lying to me all these years. I didn't even know which memories were real or fake. It was painful.
"I'm Jared Hunter," the guy said in his velvety Irish accent.
Jared smiled at me as he reached out his hand to shake mine. His hair was very dark, and his eyes glistened with green and blue. He had a tall and muscular build, but not bulky muscle. Even though he was eye candy, I barely paid him attention.
Then Gear spoke again in an excited gush. "Jared is one of the members of the light militia. He's going to be crashing here for a couple of days, or more. He's waiting on a few others to meet up with information. Jared and I go way back.”
I rolled my eyes, thinking of how Jaslene had told me of Gear's real age. My voice was weak and strained when I tried to respond.
"Where's he going to be staying? And what's the light militia?"
Before Gear could answer my questions, Olivia called for him. "Gear, I need you to come help me set up a room for Jared please."
Gear jogged off and Jared chuckled quietly. The subtly of Jared's accent was charming. His pretty eyes were disarming, but all I could think about was the jerk who ran off directly after I confessed my love.
"I never would've thought Gear to be the housebroken type," he said through his chuckles.
I could barely force a smirk. I'd always thought of Gear as being very mature, but it appeared I didn't know very much about him at all. I'm sure he was immature when he was actually younger.
"I guess you must know him a little better."
I crossed my arms in front of my chest in a slightly pouting manner. Jared touched my chin and pulled it up so that my eyes meet his. "It's always tough learning about who you are. You just need to make sure you don't waste your mortal time worrying about your immortal future. The real world can wait. I wish someone had told me that."
I'd known him for a second and he was already giving me advice. I wanted to scream at him, tell him he didn't know a thing about me or what I was going through. I didn't though. Possibly because I was going numb.
Under my breath, I grumbled, "I know. I just have a lot of other things on my mind. Gear's true age really doesn't bother me... I'm just overwhelmed by all the lies that I used to think were truths."
He nodded, letting my words fully resonate. "I understand that. It took me a long time to adjust. Surprisingly enough, though, all of this will soon make more sense to you than the mortal stuff."
I let out a slight laugh which felt oddly cathartic. "Right now, I don't think the immortal or the mortal stuff makes a whole lot of sense."
"That's because you're stuck in the middle. Falling in love with an immortal didn't help things, I'm sure. That's the sort of thing that only complicates your emotions."
I could feel my face burning red. Was I wearing a flashing sign that screamed heartbreak?
"How do you know about that?"
He looked as though he was unsure about whether or not he should say anymore. I stared expectantly, silently taking a stand to make him answer me.
"Gear told me. He was telling me about all of the new information - and the new people hanging around - and it just... kind of... came up. It wasn't like he was blabbing about your private life or anything."
I rolled my eyes, puffing somewhat childishly. "I'm sure he's relieved it didn't work out. He hasn't exactly been too thrilled about my closeness with Tallis."
Jared just chuckled slightly, angering me a little. "No. He was very candid in his disapproval of someone being alone with his little sister so much. I've been friends with him for a long time and I still got the whole 'don't touch my baby sister' speech."
I just shook my head, embarrassed and agitated at the same time. "That's just great."
He laughed a little harder this time. "I've always been a bit of a rebel, though. I very rarely follow the rules without bending them a tad." Then he winked at me.
I could feel myself blushing. As cute as he was - and as smooth as he was - I couldn't let myself be interested. It felt wrong. My heart belonged to Tallis, and even though he was done with me, I was still in love with him. It almost felt like I would be cheating if I acknowledged Jared's flirty tone.
We walked back to the house quietly until we got to the porch. Then I blurted out the question I had asked Gear before Olivia had summoned him.
"What is the light militia?"
He smirked. "We're a group that tracks down and kills the smaller groups of essence thieves who are trying to make their way into the Dramus circle. I hear nowadays there's actually another Craymon running the show."
I nodded. "Dramus had a son." I didn't want to talk about Dramus or any of his mignons, so I shifted the conversation back to him. "So, you have to risk your life all the time? Sounds a little like you enjoy danger."
He let out a laugh before responding. "I'm not an adrenaline junkie or anything, but I owe the bas... I mean, creeps... some payback. I feel a great deal of release when I fight. And it's cheaper than therapy."
He snickered a bit to lighten the seriousness of the conversation.
I sensed there was more to his story than what he was telling. It seemed as though he was holding back painful memories. I didn't want to press the issue. Truth be known, I just wanted to go to rest my mind.
Being away from Tallis for even this short amount of time was making me miserable. I just wanted to check out from the real world for a while.
Olivia poked her head out of the door. "Jared, we have your room ready."
Jared smiled at me as he winked flirtatiously. "So, are we roommates, or am I having to stay down the hall?"
I blushed again, but before I could say anything, Gear was throwing a blob of water at Jared's head. It almost looked like a clear water balloon as it smacked him right in the face. Then I could hear Gear speaking in a scolding tone.
"I told you - hands off!"
Jared wiped his face as he teased, "I knew you were listening. It was just a little joke."
Gear and Olivia laughed from the inside the house, while I tried to drown in humiliation.

I woke up burning up. I glanced over to look at the clock. It was two o'clock in the morning. I huffed in aggravation.
Everyone in the house was immortal, so they often forgot that a mortal needs temperature control.
I got up and walked downstairs to adjust the thermostat. They must've thought that since it was winter I would need it set on eighty-two degrees. I lowered it to seventy-two, and then I looked outside.
There was snow on the ground. I'd never seen so much snow until this year. It was so beautiful the way the moon glistened off the surface of the fluffy white blanket. Then I saw bright colors erupting from around the corner of the house.
I threw on my boots and my jacket, and then I ran outside to investigate. As I rounded the corner, I saw Jared. He stood out there, shirtless, as he blasted streaks of fire across the yard. It seemed to be so effortless for him. The fire that blazed from his hands just seemed to be an extension of him. I could see him swaying back and forth as he kept his eyes focused forward, enjoying the heady power rush.
"Can't sleep, Aria?" he asked in nearly a whisper, startling me.
I didn't even know he knew I was there. I was slightly embarrassed now that he knew I was watching him.
"It was really hot inside, so I got up and saw lights flashing. My curiosity got the better of me."
The fire suddenly disappeared from his hands and he turned to face me. His lean sculpted body reminded me so much of Tallis's. His pants hung low on his waist, and he had a menacing grin when he became aware of my foolish, unintentional gawking.
"Sorry. Immortals forget the most comfortable temperature when there hasn't been a mortal around for a while." Then he smiled at me even cockier then he already was. "You want to come here for a minute?"
My head snapped up suddenly, and I quit drooling like an idiot. "What?" I squeaked, squirming awkwardly.
"Easy, girl," he said softly, trying not to laugh at my skittish reaction. "I was just asking if you wanted to feel the magic. Come here. Trust me."
Trust him? I didn't know him.
He smiled at me as he stuck his hand out, gesturing for me to take it. I was confused by what he was proposing, but I warily put my hand in his hand and mumbled, "Okay."
He pulled me into his arms swiftly, making my breath catch in my throat, and put my back against his chest. I could feel the heat radiating from his body to mine. It wasn't as fiery as Tallis's touch, but things were definitely heating up.
His voice was so soft that it was almost seductive. "Just breathe as I breathe. Inhale as I do, and exhale as I do."
My body was firmly placed against his, and his arms were on top of mine. I followed his body movement, and I could feel something - I just didn't know what it was.
I started to ask him what it was that I was feeling, when suddenly, fire erupted from his palms. He crisscrossed the blaze to create a repetitive pattern, and I felt entranced under the spell of its beauty. I couldn't feel any heat from the fire, but I could feel the power as if it was my own. My body flowed with his as he continued projecting the magnificent blaze.
Then he spoke softly in my ear as we continued to flow together. "Pretty soon you'll feel your own magic. It'll feel even better than this." Then the fire suddenly disappeared, abandoning us in the cold.
I almost had to catch my breath when I stumbled away from him. Everyone had spoken about magic, lectured me on it, even given me some shining demonstrations, but this was the first time anyone had let me feel it.
"That was amazing. I've never felt anything like that," I breathlessly released.
He just smiled at me. "It's not just magic - it's an art. It can bring you peace and release. There's no other feeling like it in the world. You hold the control and you feel grounded."
His distraction was needed, and it did give me a sense of calm. Nothing could quell my need to be with Tallis, but it was enough to push the heartbreaker away from the forefront of my mind.
"Thank you. I guess I need to get back in. I'm sure the house has cooled down by now. Not to mention, I'm frigging freezing now."
He chuckled lightly. "Sorry. I forget how cold it can be during the winters." Then he turned back like he was going to continue blazing.
I stopped walking and faced his back before speaking again. "Are you going to stay out here all night?"
He turned back to me to respond. His eyes pulsed, and I felt something happen. I felt as though there was a furnace suddenly inside me, warming me from the inside out. It felt confusing, but it offered such delicious heat.
"That should make you feel a bit warmer out here. Should you want to stay a little longer. I'll just be another hour or so."
I looked at him, my curiosity piqued to the nth degree. "Did you just use your power to warm me up?"
He gave me a cocky smirk as he nodded. Then he winked at me and turned back to continue blazing.
I was fascinated with his skill, so I decided to watch. His movements and his power were so magnificent together, a mesmerizing force that left me enthralled. I tried to deny my heavy lids the ability to shut, but they kept winning the battle. I sat in the small chair, fighting sleep, determined to watch, but it was pointless. In the end, the locking grip of sleep prevailed.

I woke up the next morning to the perfect temperature for a house. I looked around to see I was in my room. I was sort of embarrassed about falling asleep while watching Jared. I supposed he had put me in my bed.
I got ready and went downstairs. I could smell breakfast cooking. When I reached the bottom of the steps, I found Gear and Olivia.
"Good morning. Did you sleep well?"
I blushed slightly at Gear's question, which made him raise his brow in suspicion.
My mind flashed back to the intense moment I had unexpectedly shared with Jared. "Yeah, but I had to adjust the thermostat early this morning."
Then I heard Jay start to laugh as he joined us in the kitchen. "Sorry, Aria. I think I may have bumped it last night on my way out."
I tried not to think of my late-night rendezvous with Jared as I fibbed slightly. "No big deal. I just fixed it and went back to bed." Then I remembered something. "Hey, Jay. What're you doing tonight?"
Jay raised one eyebrow at me. "Nothing that I know of. Why do you ask?"
I sighed in exasperation. "There's this stupid party I have to go to. Mom wants me to engage in every social activity I'm invited to. I really don't want to go alone, and I haven't exactly made any friends yet."
He frowned at me. "What about Taryn or McKee?"
I rolled my eyes. "Taryn has a thing to do out of town, and given the bizarre behavior of McKee, I'd rather not ask him. I think that would only complicate things more."
"Selesha?" he asked, swallowing hard after straining out her name.
Jay hadn't spoken about Selesha much since he met Ayla, and Selesha had gone off to lick her wounds in solitude. She'd asked Olivia not to say anything, but Olivia let it slip to me.
"Busy," I mumbled, stealing a quick glance at Olivia.
She was frowning now. Selesha was one of her best friends, and Jay was completely in love with Ayla. Olivia felt disloyal, but she knew Jay couldn't deny his soul mate, nor did he want to.
Apparently Selesha and Jay were linked. The same thing Tallis thought was going on between us. The moment he found his other half, his feelings for Selesha vanished. I couldn't imagine the heartbreak she was facing, because, despite their denials, they were both captivated by the other.
Jay shook his head after a beat. "I can't go. I'd have to take Ayla, because I can't leave her for too long yet, and I'm an electric. If anyone was to say anything about her that made me mad, every light bulb in the house would blow. It'd be fortunate if no one got electrocuted."
It was very frustrating how close two soul mates had to stay after the initial acceptance of the connection. I did, however, understand his point. So then I turned my attention to Gear. "How about you?"
He frowned. "I would, Aria, but I have to go check out some leads tonight. Everett is guarding you tonight. Why don't you just go with him?"
I rolled my eyes. "I don't think he likes me very much. I'll just ask Ash. Maybe she can go with me."
"She has to meet up with some other blazers for training tonight. And before you think about Aster, she and Chris have plans as well. You may have to go solo tonight," Jay said, shrugging.
I sighed in aggravation. "I'd rather not. I can only imagine the things that would be said if I showed up alone after all the guy drama I've had at school. I already get tired of hearing what the hyenas have to say when I have somebody with me, let alone when I'm by myself."
Jay scowled, his face reddened, and I heard at least two light bulbs shatter in the chandelier that was growing tired of its stress.
"I changed my mind," he said through gritted teeth, a few more bulbs bursting to add drama. "I'll go and take care of them. Then you won't have to worry about them anymore."
I rolled my eyes again and handed him the broom, agitated by the fact I was finding normalcy in the chaos.
"No. That won't be necessary. I'll just find someone else... Maybe."
"I'll take her," a new voice interjected. "I don't have anything else to do tonight. I'll make sure no one has anything wise to say either. I've got enough swagger for a social function."
Jared's Irish accent was a little richer than it had been the day before, making him a bit too swoon-worthy. I guessed he normally dialed it down.
I turned to face him, feeling a little exposed. It was embarrassing for people to know I was a big pathetic target for the Twisted Barbie Club.
"You don't have to do that. I'm sure a high school party isn't exactly what you'd planned on doing while you're here."
He leaned up against the wall and smiled at me, warming me with his charming grin. "I think I can handle a high school party just fine. Besides, I'm getting bored. I've always been a sucker for a damsel in distress."
Just what I needed. Someone else's pity.
Gear grumbled a little. "You know the rules, Jared."
Jared just laughed. "You have got to lighten up. I know the rules. I'm just helping the girl out. She really shouldn't have to go alone. Mortals girls are vicious, you know."
Gear smiled at him and let out a bit of a laugh. "Fine."
Then Jared winked at me. "I'll pick you up around seven?"
I laughed slightly at his obvious joke, considering he was staying on the floor just below me. "Sounds good."
Chapter 15

Mean girls

Whoever said 'these are the best years of your life' must have been popular. It's not that way for everyone.

I walked down the stairs in a tight pair of jeans that tucked into my boots which came up to my knees. I had on a white shirt that fell off one shoulder just slightly.
I put my coat on and started looking around for Jared. But I heard him before I saw him.
"High school dress code is a lot different than what it was when I was in high school." His eyes caught mine while he rapidly descended the staircase. Then he continued. "I might've shown up to class a bit more if all the girls had looked like that."
He winked at me before giving me his best that's-right-I'm-cute-and-you-know-it grin.
I tried hide my blushing cheeks by turning away before speaking. "Thanks for going with me. I apologize in advance for anything that might be said. Some of these people are jerks."
Jared's hand moved to the small of my back as he held the door open for me. "Why don't you just tell your mom what's going on? I'm sure she'd let you skip these sorts of events if you did."
I shook my head. "You don't know my mom very well. I can hear her now. 'Making friends is never easy. Arisianna, dear, you have to kill them with kindness. Things are never easy in life, so you need to learn the best way to fight your own battles now.' The list of wiser-than-thou quotes goes on and on."
He laughed slightly at my impersonation before he spoke. "She doesn't realize mean girls have risen to a whole new level these days, huh?"
I just sighed. It felt odd talking about girl politics with an immortal who probably had far worse things to deal with. I felt childish, but I couldn't help it. Despite the fact I was a little mature for my age, I was indeed still seventeen. I deserved to act like it on occasion.
"No. And I don't want to tell her either. Everyone has enough to worry about. I can deal with a few nasty comments if everyone else can deal with keeping the world safe."
Fine. Maybe it was harder to be a selfish teen than I thought. I felt petty for letting Elaina and her bitch patrol get under my skin.
He laughed a little harder, possibly poking fun of my miniscule problems. "How very noble of you." Then he opened the door to his jeep. He saw me eyeing it skeptically.
"I put your crest in it. Everett will be following us as well. You're safe."
Oddly enough, I did feel safe with him. I barely knew him, but I felt protected. I'd seen him use his fire recreationally, and I could only imagine how much of a threat it would be if the need arose.
I climbed in the jeep and he shut the door for me. As soon as he opened the door on his side, I asked him a question that was bugging me.
"How old are you? Or... how old were you when you transformed?"
"Transformed?" he asked, grinning.
I flushed. "Whatever it's called," I grumbled.
He chuckled lightly to himself.
"Nineteen. I was one of the youngest ever to transform, until your friend Tallis came along."
I winced noticeably at the mention of Tallis's name, but I tried to recover before he noticed.
"So, you didn't have too many years to explore the mortal side of life?"
He laughed a little. "Judging by the way you're dreading this party - an event that is supposed to be fun - it doesn't seem as though I missed out on too much."
I rolled my eyes. "I'm sure your high school years were just fine. All a guy has to do is look good and sound cool. It’s not as easy for the girls."
I heard him snickering before he responded. "Is that your way of telling me that you find me attractive?"
I could feel my face suddenly beaming red again, and I started stammering in an effort to recover from my blabbering fiasco.
"That's not… I was just saying… Oh forget it. I think you know what you look like."
I slumped lower in my seat as his laughter roared free. How did my foot get that wedged in my mouth?
"Yes, I do know what I look like. I just wasn't sure if you'd noticed. I'm looking forward to this party a little more now that I know you have. We might break a few of Gear's rules."
He winked at me and such an adorably cocky grin perked up. I just shook my head before lowering it in embarrassment.
We pulled up to the house shortly after, much to my relief. I wasn't even sure whose house it was. All I knew was the address and the time to be there. Maybe I'd get lucky and Elaina wouldn't even be there.
There were people everywhere, which meant Miss Socialite Alpha Hyena was probably somewhere within the mix. My nerves balled up. I really didn't want to do this.
Most of the people looked like strangers. Were we at the wrong place? That would be perfect.
Jared hopped out and walked around to my side to open the door.
"Well, it's now or never." Then he held out his hand to take mine.
I took a deep breath as I got out. I saw two of the girls that usually followed Elaina around, making this all too real. My stomach started twisting up with knots. I had already been embarrassed in front of Tallis numerous times, and it would be nice if Jared didn't have to witness the same events he had.
Jared studied me, seeming to notice my tense... everything. "Aria, we can leave. I can tell your mom we were here. I'll just leave out the details about how long we stayed. If she prods for more information, I'll turn on the charm and lead her to think we stayed longer. I can be rather convincing."
I was instantly very fond of that idea. "Let's hang out for a minute so I can tell her I was here and then we can bail. I'm not as good at lying as you claim to be."
He chuckled a little. "Alright. Sounds like a plan."
We walked up to the enormous house and went in, narrowly avoiding the two hyenas. I breathed out in relief when I saw them veer right instead of following us. There were kids my age everywhere. We could hear splashing out back as if there was a pool. We were almost back there when I saw Elaina.
Bile rose to my throat when I saw the malice glaring from her eyes. She looked away from me long enough to appraise Jared, and then the frosty stare was back.
"Well, well, well. She did show up," Elaina snarked, her lips curled up in a wry grin.
Her hyenas laughed, acting like the sheep they were. She crossed her arms and shifted her weight to one hip. Then she continued. "And she brought yet another new boy toy."
Jared put his arm around me protectively, seeming bored with Elaina and her mignons. When my knees grew shaky, rattled with stress and nerves, I leaned against him for support.
"He's hot," one of her giggly, drunken mignons blurted out.
Jared just rolled his eyes as he pulled me away from the girls. Elaina wasn't the type to let someone walk away though, so she took another stab at me.
"I guess he's in a hurry to get what she gives out so freely." Then she and her hyenas cackled in unison. Several of the drunken partiers joined in, some of them laughing without even knowing why.
I bet if my mother knew there was a bunch of underage drinkers here I'd never have to go to another social function again. Of course, she'd also call every parent of everyone she knew was involved. That certainly wouldn't help my status at school.
Jared turned around with a dangerous smirk playing on his lips. "No, I'm just too old to hang out with trash. I'm used to being around a more attractive crowd. Quite frankly, your thunder thighs are a total buzz kill. Gonzo's nose over there isn't doing anything for me either." He pointed at one of the girls standing beside Elaina. She grabbed her nose quickly and her face blushed with humiliation.
I stifled a laugh, even though his insults were absolutely terrible. He really needed to brush up on current cut-downs. Too old to hang out with trash? Gonzo? Thunder thighs? Sheesh. He sounds like my grandfather insulting someone. Ew.
Elaina snarled at him, suddenly looking rabid. She was about to say something else when he turned back around. There was an oversized, pretentious portrait of her and her family on the wall. If I had known that this was her house, I would have never come.
Before I even knew what was going on, the portrait was on fire, blazing uncontrollably. There was no smell of smoke though.
My mouth hung unhinged as I stared in shock. A few gasps rang out as others took notice, but Elaina's back was to it. She had no clue.
Jared smiled menacingly, popping candy in his mouth so casually as he brought it to her attention. "I don't suppose you have a fire extinguisher, do you?"
The burning smell finally crept around as the smoke seemed to double, but she still didn't notice.
Elaina looked confused as she replied. "No… Why?"
He smiled as he continued popping the candy in his mouth. "Because you're going to need a damn good one to put that out. It's a scorcher." He pointed at the picture behind her.
Elaina whipped around to see her oversized, obnoxious family portrait blazing. The walls were scorching and the floor was starting to singe, much to my twisted delight. She and her hyenas were panicking and some of the other party members started laughing at their frantic attempts to put it out.
I elbowed Jared slightly in the waist and whispered to him. "Put it out before you burn the whole house down. You proved your point."
He just laughed as he flicked his wrist. The fire was extinguished as quickly as it had started, but the scorched remnants and smoky haze remained. The portrait was destroyed.
"My parents are going to kill me," Elaina wailed, tears filling up in her eyes.
Then Jared smarted off before we walked away. "Personally, I'd say the place looks a lot better now."
He pulled me away from the party quickly before anyone else could say anything to hurt my feelings. I felt like a spineless wimp once again - a pathetic cause for rescue.
We got back out to the car and he held the door open for me, grinning smugly as he ushered me in.
Everett came running up, sounding panicked. "Jared, was that you?" Jared nodded. Then Everett continued, relief covering his face. "Thank God. I was worried there was a blazer here other than you." Then realization settled in and he tilted his head, bemused. "Why did you blaze up the house?"
Jared kind of laughed lightly. "They were giving Aria a hard time. I thought I would distract them a little and wreak a little havoc on their perfect little lives. Mission accomplished."
Everett just nodded. "I can follow you if you're leaving."
Jared looked at me and winked, and then he turned back to Everett. "Yeah we're leaving, but where I'm taking her is completely safe."
Where was he planning to take me?
Everett was about to walk away when Jared called back to him. "Don't tell any of her family she left early. Her mom would be upset. And please, don't tell Iris that I torched the place."
Everett dropped a grin, shocking me more than Jared's pyrotechnics. I didn't know Everett even knew how to smile.
"Understood. No problem." Then he jogged back toward the party.
I rolled my eyes. "Why is he nice to you and not me? You might need to see if he hurt something after smiling for the first time ever."
"I've saved his life once or twice, so he tends to fancy me a bit. He isn't as bad as he seems. I promise," he said, sounding playfully haughty.
I shrugged. "I'll take your word for it."
He shut my door and quickly joined me in the jeep. "I think you'll like the place I'm taking you a little better than you liked this place."
I huffed. "It's not another party, is it?"
He laughed somewhat. "No, it's a little dead where we're going."
He placed heavy emphasis on the word "dead," which raised a few questions, but I just let it go. I was just grateful to be getting out of there.
I cocked my head to the side. "I thought a bodyguard had to cover my scent. Where are we going?"
He just smiled. "Trust me. I think you'll appreciate it. It's not too far, and it is heavily crested."

We drove to a place that was just a little ways down the road from the party. Jared hopped out of the jeep and flashed to my side to open my door for me. I hesitated slightly before putting my hand in his.
He noted my hesitation and spoke with reassurance. "Don't worry. Like I said, these grounds are very crested. You'll be perfectly safe here."
I looked around at all the old statues. Everything glistened under the moonlight. Most every statue had a fighting stance, anger in their eyes, and a feel that demanded respect.
There was only one that seemed to be at peace. It was a woman with one hand across her heart and one hand stretched out with the palm facing up. I wasn't sure where we were exactly or what all these idols stood for.
Jared walked up and leaned against the tree beside the statue of the woman that kept calling for my attention. "It figures you'd head straight to this one."
I raised an eyebrow at him curiously. "Why do you say that?"
He put his hands in his pockets as his eyes held mine.
"This is the statue of Isis. She was known for her compassion and mercy. So when they built the statue of her, they tried to incorporate that. It was why she was such a good leader for us. Despite her unimaginable depth of power, she was very modest and controlled. She never used force unless absolutely necessary. She believed in defending her family and herself, but she never set out to start a fight if it could be avoided."
I took a step toward him, letting my eyes fall back to the tranquil statue for a moment, analyzing her with a different gaze. Then I turned back to him.
"Isn't that the way all the good guys are?"
He laughed slightly as he closed some of the distance between us. "No. Your grandmother is though. Dramus's followers have made a lot of us want revenge. I personally would love to see their ashes spread every chance I get."
He started sitting down, and I felt warmth flowing to me despite the frigid air and snow all around. Before he got to the ground, all the snow around him melted and a beautiful green grass was revealed. Not only was the snow gone, the ground was also dry now.
Okay... That was a little impressive.
Then he patted the ground next to him for me to sit down.
I did as he beckoned and sat down beside him. "Why do you seek revenge? What did they do?"
He grimaced slightly upon hearing my question, making me feel guilty for asking. I was all too eager for knowledge. I sometimes forgot many of them had buried scars they didn't want to dredge up. I should have learned to tread lightly over someone's past after being with Tallis.
Tallis. Just the thought of him made tears swell in my eyes. But I didn't want Jared or anyone else to know how much pain I was in. They'd all lecture me about links. I couldn't stand the hushed whispers of worry and dread as it was. One major breakdown and they'd call in a magical shrink.
I missed him though. I physically ached to be with him. Having Jared take my mind off things for a night was nice, but the hole in my heart was too vast for a small Band-Aid to cover. I didn't need closure. I needed him back. It was agonizing to not have anyone understand.
As a nervous habit, I started messing with my fingernails, wishing I could take my suspended question back. After a few moments of awkward, extended silence, he finally answered me, much to my surprise.
"Well, for starters, they destroyed most of my first coven," he said softly, his eyes focused on the ground.
I gasped, but I quickly covered my mouth. I wasn't expecting that. I waited patiently to see if he'd elaborate, and after a few more passing minutes of silence, he did.
"We were on a scouting mission. My sister had just come back from the guardianship. We'd told her of who she was to become, and we were trying to keep her protected. We were also keeping an eye on the surrounding area for any unwanted trespassers. We did a poor job of spotting anything out of the ordinary that day.
"We were ambushed. My sister had gone to town with my mother and a few bodyguards. They awaited her arrival in front of the gates of our home. We fought the ambush, trying our best to get back to my home before they could get to my sister, but they killed my father right in front of me. They forced me to watch as they held me down and showed him no mercy.
"I don't know what happened, but something inside of me snapped, forcing me to lose control, and suddenly, my magic surged in a way that has never happened since. I sent a blue blaze from my hands and destroyed ten of their best fighters in a matter of seconds."
I heard the unmistakable pain in his voice as he told the story. As an instinct, I started to reach for him, to comfort him, but I withdrew before I ever made it too close. I tucked my hands in closer to my body, unsure of what to say or do.
I decided to shift the topic in a different, lighter direction. "What's a blue blaze?"
He moved in closer, almost too close. He had one arm just centimeters from my back as it propped him up. His other hand lay across his lap.
"It's ancient magic. Most haven't seen it since the age of Isis. I don't know how I was able to do it, and like I said, I've never been able to do it since. It's the strongest blaze there could ever possibly be. It burns a thousand times hotter than the average blazer's fire. It was the strongest and most powerful I've ever felt in my life. Believe me, I wish I knew how I did it. I've tried recreating it a thousand times at least with no luck."
I reached over and grabbed his hand that was laying in his lap, finally succumbing to my desire to comfort. I wasn't sure if I should say anything else about it, but at the same time, I didn't want him to think I didn't care.
"What happened to your sister?"
He stared at my hand that was holding his and he rubbed my fingertips with his thumb, casually caressing them as he became lost in thought - lost in his memories.
"After I went super blaze, the other essence thieves ran away. We raced back to the house. They were in the process of draining her essence when I killed the one doing it. The others took out the dark ring left at the house. My mother died trying to protect my sister. My sister lived though, and now she's a very powerful electric."
He stood to his feet abruptly, startling me a little, and then helped me up. He walked me over to two statues - a man and a woman in a fighting stance.
The man was a blazer who looked to have fire radiating from his hands. The woman was a flooder with water circling above her head. He spoke very softly as he stared intensely at the two statutes.
"This is my mother and my father. Any follower of the light who is killed and can't be buried has a statue built here. It's a way to remember their sacrifice and a way to be close to them. I often come here when I need guidance. It's the only way I can be close to my parents. Oddly enough, I even find myself asking them questions or telling them how well we're doing. I want them to know their sacrifices weren't in vain. I want them to know my sister and I are alive everyday because of them and what they gave up."
I put my hand on his shoulder, aiming for comfort again. "I'm really sorry. I can't imagine what you've gone through."
It sounded so cliché to say such a thing, but it was all I had handy. I wasn't expecting this heavy conversation to come raining down. He was so amazingly honest. It was refreshing.
He smiled down at me. "The Corpus family took us in after my parents' deaths. Iris was going to invite my sister and me to join her coven, but the Corpus family needed us more. They had a couple of blinders and a few weaker blazers. I knew we would have better protection with your grandmother, but I felt like my family would have wanted me to go somewhere where I was needed more. The heads of the families asked me to be a part of the militia later on, and the rest is history. Although now, I almost wish I had chosen Iris's coven. I would've gotten to spend a lot more time with you."
I could feel the red burning on my cheeks while I dropped my hand from his shoulder. "Ha, ha, ha. I can assure you I'm nothing fantastic."
He squinted his eyes at me and smirked slightly as he spoke with fiery intensity. "On the contrary, Aria, you're fascinating. You're so different from anyone I've ever known. You shouldn't be so hard on yourself."
Now I knew he could most certainly see me blushing. I pushed him slightly in a playful manner. “You're smooth. Definitely smooth."
He laughed. "You haven't even seen my A game yet."
I shook my head, accidentally giggling. Then he grabbed a hold of my waist and pulled me toward him. "I'm serious though. You're so different from everyone I've ever known. I've never felt so... compelled to be around someone the way I am you. I don't know how to even explain what I'm feeling. I don't know how to explain how truly mesmerizing I've found you since the moment I met you. It's certainly new to me. And I don't mind feeling this way either."
No. No. I couldn't do this. I loved Tallis. He was an insensitive jerk who didn't answer my calls or even bother to send a message, but I loved him. He didn't love me and we'd never be together, according to him, but I couldn't just give up. I knew he was meant to be with me.
I knew Jared was being serious, but I was trying to lighten the mood as I awkwardly joked, "Well, I can see you're starting to bring out your A game now."
I started to wriggle out of his grip as I chuckled nervously, but he didn't back away, nor did he laugh.
He put a hand against the side of my face and caressed my cheek, letting his heated touch stroke me all the way through my skin. He started coming in closer, and all I could think about was Tallis, how it felt like a betrayal.
It took all my strength not to wail out, sob until I choked on my emotion, but I refrained. I even managed to hold back the sniffle that almost escaped.
I didn't want Jared to be my first kiss. I wanted my first kiss to be with Tallis, but at the same time, I did feel some freaky connection with Jared. Was I just vulnerable? Or was I simply pathetic?
In all actuality, Tallis didn't want me. Jared did. Why couldn't I move past the one who ripped my heart out?
My head was riddled with confusion and worry. I knew it would only hurt him, but I couldn't in good conscience kiss him, even if it would spare him. I couldn't lead him on when I knew I was in love with Tallis.
Still, it would be so much easier to be with Jared. He wasn't fighting his feelings for me. Life apparently didn't wish to be easy.
Knots tightened in my stomach. I dreaded to end our intimate moment that had only just started. I worried he wouldn't understand.
"Jared... I can't do this." I put my hand on his chest and started pushing him away gently. "I'm so sorry."
I wanted to say more. I wanted to explain things better. I didn't want to hurt him, but it was just so hard to find the words, especially when I was strangling on my unshed tears. All the pain I had been ignoring was starting to crash down on me, begging me to let it flow out. I could do it though.
I was angry, hurt, and tortured, left to fall to pieces, but I hadn't really allowed myself to do such a thing. It was trying to catch up with me, but not here. Not now. I couldn't let it.
He backed away slowly with a look that let me know I had just ripped his heart out. It seemed like all I had done lately was hurt people. I had hurt McKee, confused Tallis, and now I was hurting Jared. I was such a mess, and I was dragging everyone down with me. Toxic. That's what I was.
I could hear the pain from my abrupt rejection in his voice when he quietly said, "I'll call Everett and tell him we're about to leave. Then I'll take you home."
He walked away from me quickly and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
"Jared, I am sorry. I didn't mean to… Please forgive me."
He ignored me, continued on as if I hadn't said anything at all. A lone tear trickled down my cheek, and I wiped it away. I barely knew Jared, but he was acting as though I had just destroyed him. Had he linked to me, too? I hated this new life and all of its screwed up rules and consequences.

Everett was there within minutes. He walked up to where I was sitting, though I barely acknowledged his approach. The tears had finally started falling in a pattern. Hot and heavy drops flowed down my cheeks with no regard for my dignity.
"I just spoke to Jared, and he asked me to take you home. He said he had to go meet up with some of the militia," Everett said, sounding as gruff as usual.
I fought back the urge to roll my eyes as I wiped away my tears. "Of course he did."
I stood up in an aggravated manner and watched as Jared squealed out of the drive. I was so sick of all the drama.
We rode in silence for a while, an awkward, uncomfortable silence. Everett was the one to finally slice through the barrier of quiet.
"Are you okay? Jared didn't go into too much detail."
I huffed slightly. The last thing I felt like doing was confiding in Everett of all people.
"I created more drama, yet again. Shocking, I know. I think I'm broken or something. I don't know how this keeps happening."
So much for not confiding in him.
Even in the dark car, I could see the confusion that riddled his face. "What keeps happening?"
I destroy everything I touch.
"Somehow I led him on, and I shouldn't have. I think I hurt him worse than I did McKee." He slightly nodded, seeming indifferent to my screwed up confession. Then I rolled my eyes again. "You must think I'm terrible."
He shook his head, stoic in expression. "Not at all. You're just human... for now. It's much, much too easy to link to you. Things get messy when you're still mortal and aware of the immortal world. Especially with you."
My neck tried to snap when I whipped around to face him, suspicion oozing from my eyes. "Why do you say it like that? Especially with me?"
He shrugged, still seeming as expressionless. "Your essence is too strong. It's much stronger than it should be, and much stronger than what most of us are accustomed to dealing with. It draws them in like bears to honey. That's one of the reasons I've made a very strong attempt to distance myself. You'll get the hang of things. I promise."
"Do you think Jared linked to me?" I ask, my voice meek.
He lets out a scattered, hesitant breath, refusing to even glance my way. He already confirmed my fear just with the amount of time it took him to gather an answer, trying his best to cushion the burden.
"I know he did," he said at last, not bothering to dress it up the way I thought he would, leaving it as raw and terrible as I knew it was. "He linked faster than usual, meaning you're stronger than I thought."
"I still don't understand links," I grumbled, gripping my head.
"They're complicated. Links start when you're mortal, but the end varies. Sometimes the links are severed when you turn immortal, sometimes a great deal of time and distance can break a link, and sometimes it's not broken until one of you find your soul mate. It depends on the individual and the power they come from."
My hair tangled in my hands as I gripped it. Considering where I came from, that meant McKee and Jared would both be stuck on me until I turned immortal and proved to the whole freaking world Tallis was my soul mate. My siblings were all in their twenties when they turned. I was sure I would be, too. That was a long time to wait.
"Aria, you can't dwell on it. We all know how easy it is to fall into. If it happens, we deal with it. It's not like it's you're the first one to go through this. Jared's a big boy. He left because he knew he needed to distance himself before he got... crazier."
I almost laughed, but it was one of pure exhaustion and misery. He smiled, offering me silent encouragement with his softer than usual eyes. It was the first time he had ever been nice to me. Though it was a strained attempt, I smiled at him as we pulled down the drive to Iris's house.
"Thanks for the ride," I said through a sigh while climbing out of the car.
He smiled back, rolling down the passenger side window as I shut the door.
"No problem. I'll see you tomorrow."
He backed up and pulled back out of the driveway. Gear was waiting outside with a quizzical look.
"Where's Jared?" he asked, raising his arms in confusion.
I could hear the irritation return to my tone with just the mention of his name. "He said he had to go meet up with some of the militia. I'm sure it'll be a while before we see him again."
Gear tilted his head to the side, still perplexed. "That's odd. They aren't supposed to meet for another couple of days. The next mission they're going on is going to be very dangerous. They were supposed to rest their magic and their minds."
I could feel the guilt knocking around inside of me, almost stealing my breath. Now I was worried I had just endangered him.
I should've just kissed him and been done with it. Now he was out there without a guard, and his head was anything but clear. I was nothing but trouble. All I had been since I had gotten there was trouble. All I was doing was hurting everyone and causing problems.
I almost snapped at Gear when I spoke. "I guess he decided to bump up the date. Why don't just you ask him and leave me alone?"
Gear looked shocked as I barged by him on my way inside.
"Aria, is there something you're not telling me? Did something happen?"
"The same thing that always happens just happened. I made yet another mess. I need to be locked in a padded room right now. I'm done trying," I mumbled, keeping my back turned.
I ran to my room, stumbling and whimpering the whole way. I lay on my bed, crying for at least thirty minutes. All I could think about was how much I loved Tallis. I couldn't believe how broken I was. It all came out in a vengeful rush. My tears were furious for having been held back for so long, so they ravaged my cheeks mercilessly, refusing to creep back into hiding or be subdued any longer.
I clutched his picture against my chest, weeping into the pillow beneath my head.
Then I worried about how Jared might possibly being in danger... because of me. I was so tired of all the messiness.
In my old home, the most complicated thing I had to worry about was my schoolwork. The most drama I'd ever dealt with was arguing about having to leave my home. This was all too much to take on at once. It was all too different from what I was used to, and I was doing a horrible job adjusting. I needed a break from it all. I needed somewhere that would provide me with an escape. I needed to recharge and start all over.
I got up and walked into the upstairs library and turned on the computer. I pulled up the tickets I had bought earlier in the year. I reserved the first flight to Brazil and changed my name to Ashiara Weislen.
I snuck downstairs, weaving through the people who never seemed to go home, and found Ash's purse. I carried it into the bathroom and took out her license and passport. Then I put it back just like I had found it - minus the few borrowed items.
I glanced toward the unlocked cupboard - the place where Iris kept all her goodies. I had heard her speak of a stripping potion. I needed it. It took a minute to find it without anyone noticing what I was doing, but I finally succeeded.
I went back to my room and changed my clothes. I had three and a half hours before my flight. It was midnight, and I hadn't slept at all, but it was a long flight, so I could sleep the whole way there.
Absentmindedly, I tossed a bunch of clothes in a suitcase and threw it out the window. I heard a thud as it hit the ground, and I sucked in a steadying breath. Everyone would be mad, but this was something I needed. Selfish? Probably, but I just wanted to breathe again, and I couldn't do it here.
Still questioning my resolve, I went to the window and started climbing down the shaky, weak lattice that stretched the full length of the house. The vines that grew in between the gaps were wet and made it slippery. I inched my way down, carefully and cautiously moving before the creaks grew too loud.
Then, when I only had five feet left to go, the slippery vines bested me, forcing me to lose my grip and fall the rest of the way. My arms whipped wildly and uselessly in the air, as if I could take flight and spare myself the impending slam. It didn't even slow me down.
My side pounded the ground with too much force. A grunt was forced through my lips, and a gasping wheeze followed as I strained for a new breath. After a minute, I was breathing normally again, and the pain dulled. I scowled at the wicked lattice and vicious vines.
"This night is just freaking wonderful," I griped to myself while heaving my protesting body upright.
I picked up my bags and threw them in my car. Fortunately, I wasn't blocked in, and I kept my lights off until I reached the end of the driveway. I was glad my car was so quiet. And with so many coming and going, they never even noticed the car cranking.
I turned on my lights and headed toward the airport. This had been the worst week of my life. I needed comfort and warmth. I was sick of the snow and the cold. I was sick of the magic. I was sick of the lies I had believed to be truths, and all of the rules disguised to seem arbitrary, when they actually held such severe consequences.
I was tired of learning about all the ways magic could ruin my life before I could even use it. I was exhausted from constantly being confused and feeling like I had just moved to another planet. I couldn't rest or relax anywhere there.
I was tired of being hunted down by the Dramians... Yes. I called them Dramians. It wasn't comforting to feel like a trophy someone wished to hang above a mantle.
I wanted to go to the one place that made sense. I wanted to go home.
I knew everyone would be worried, but I was taking precautions. I had grabbed some of the talismans that helped to block my scent for the times I wasn't in my car. I also grabbed the vial of stripping potion.
Iris told me once that it was a special concoction that would strip you of your scent for up to four days. I would wait until I got to the airport before I took it.
She said it couldn't be made anymore because the main ingredient was extinct. It was for emergency purposes only. I felt bad for taking it, but I had to go. As far as I was concerned, this was an emergency.
I'd left a note telling them where I'd gone, and told them I would be back before the four days were up. I knew they'd still be worried, but I had to go. I needed to feel peace again. And I couldn't get that anywhere but my rainforest.

I reached the airport with two hours to spare. I turned up the protective concoction and cringed as I drank it down - or forced it down, rather.
"Oh my damn!" I coughed out. "That's disgusting."
It was a slimy, wretched, foul tasting monstrosity, and it lingered, refusing to leave my mouth completely. The slimy film covered my tongue, my teeth, and my gums. I wanted a toothbrush.
"It sure as hell better work after going through that," I murmured to myself while grabbing my bag. I locked my car and headed inside the airport, ready to escape.
Chapter 16

Home to Haluali

Sometimes you spend your whole life looking back, and then you stop moving forward until it is too late.

"Now boarding flight 151 to Brazil."
The loudspeaker snapped me out of the catnap I had been taking. I got up and wheeled my small bag over to the stand to hand in my ticket. The lady warily examined my stolen identification and my ticket, skeptically glancing from the photo to me.
I knew Ash and I favored, but we didn't look a lot a like. I was only seventeen though. I would have needed parental consent. I'm sure Jaslene wouldn't have agreed to that. Alvin either.
She handed me back my things, still regarding me skeptically, but a whoosh of air left my lungs when she motioned for me to board.
It worked.

The flight was long, but I slept for the majority of it, so I didn't mind it much. I woke up when I felt the plane landing. I looked out the window to see the sun was just peeking out. I didn't have long to be there, but I was going to soak up every bit of warmth I could.
I was going to take in every radiant color I could see. Most importantly, I was going to breathe in the freshness of my rainforest and let it calm me.
I paid a cheesy local tour guide to drive me to my favorite spot. Then I paid him more to drive faster, feeling rushed to start enjoying the few days I had.
I planned to go to the village after I visited my hideaway.
I almost giggled nervously when we neared. "Stop," I said, deciding that was close enough.
As soon as the car stopped, I got out of the jeep and tossed my bag on the side of the trail. I pulled out my sketch book and started walking down to my favorite spot. I could hear the falling water getting closer.
I sat down on my sitting rock that had gathered more moss in my absence. I stared up at my peaceful giants, all of them looking different. I appraised them, regarding them with more appreciation than I had before.
The waterfall glistened with reflective specks from the radiance of the sunlight. It seemed excited to have me back, and I smiled a true and genuine smile, though it was brief. My pain hadn't left me the way I had hoped.
I started sketching, trying not to think. Unfortunately, I was thousands of miles away from Tallis, and still, his face was all I could draw. I studied as I shaded in each line. My drawings never gave his beauty true justice.
I shook my head. Heartbreak wasn't easy at all. A harsh breath entered my lungs as an unwelcome realization came to light. Haluali was no longer my home. It wasn't the cozy hut I had grown up in. It wasn't the forest I had marveled at for so long. It wasn't my serene hideaway I had come to for peace. It wasn't even anything at all in South America. I thought I had left Grayford to run home. I abruptly assessed I actually ran away from home. Tallis. Tallis was now my home. My broken, screwed up home.
I started shouting at the treetops as the excruciating pain in my voice echoed through the forest. "I think they're all idiots! They're all wrong! I know I love him. I know he's the only person in the world for me! Why can't that just be okay? I hate magic and all of its stupid plans and stupid rules! It's not fair! It's not fair! It's. Not. Fair. Dammit!"
Tears ran from my eyes in such a relentless flow that they rivaled the gushing waterfall behind me. I was weak and wounded. I thought being here would make things easier, but it didn't. I was still in pain - too much pain.
The one place I thought I would be able to escape wasn't strong enough to take my mind off the pain. It only made it worse. Now I was so far away from him that it was torturous to even think about him at all. Considering he was all I could think about, the pain was verging on the boundary of unbearable.
The sun was lower. I must have been there for at least six hours. I continued to scream at the forest, making my voice feel strained and rasp.
"Why do this to me?" I asked through a sobbing hiccup.
I tried to compose myself, but it was pointless. The pain refused to dull. I was crying harder, and my words were muffled by the stabbing waves of piercing heartbreak that paraded itself in my tone.
"Why can't he just see how much I really do love him? Why can't he believe it's real? Why can't he believe I am his one?"
My once smooth fingertips felt like sandpaper as they brushed the cheeks that had been left ravaged and raw from the ruthless, never-ending flow of scalding tears.
Still sobbing, I dropped back down to the rock, and my sketch book fell from my lifeless hands to the ground. I wept for a few minutes longer as I thought back to the first time I saw Tallis. The way his touch burned through to my soul with such captivating power. The way his lips felt so soft against the bits of my skin he had touched with him. The first night he slept in the bed with me, and how safe and peaceful I felt just being with him. The first time we almost kissed, when our bodies were radiating such magnificent heat. How intensely surreal it was the night when our lips had just brushed, before Taryn interrupted.
I lay on the ground, crying, looking up at the streaks of sunlight escaping through the leaves of my once serene giants. Even they looked smaller and sadder now. Nothing was as it should have been. There was no peace and no escape from my insufferable misery.
Chapter 17

The Foul Smell of Danger

When there's a voice in your head telling you something bad is going to happen, listen to it.

I stopped thinking, suddenly feeling danger. A chill ran up my spine, making every hair stand on end. I felt the unwelcome eyes of someone watching me. I smelled something putrid invasively stifling out all other smells, and I became sick to my stomach.
"Oh no," I gasped, feeling the warning prickles of death consume me.
I knew that smell and the imminent danger that followed it. I knew what was watching me. I knew it was there for me and there was no escape. No one to save me.
"How did you find me?" I screamed into the forest with absolute panic.
There was no sense in trying to run, hide, or call for help. All I could do was end the game of cat and mouse.
I felt the swishing winds that made the leaves shake. Then a face came into view - a deceitfully young face.
He smirked, letting his eyes rake over me as he licked his lips. I grew sicker, and my body was conflicted with hot and cold chills.
"Mmm," he hissed softly. "I can't smell your essence, little witch, but I can smell the Bradbury blood that runs through your veins. I can smell the power that surges through your weak, pathetic mortal body."
He licked his lips again with sadistic delight as he inhaled deeply, searching for the scent of my absent essence. I stood there, shaking, unable to say anything threatening in return. I tried to speak, but only a squeak crept through my tight lips. I was going to die a trembling young girl instead dying with any dignity at all.
He circled me from a distance, and I stayed frozen, letting him analyze me. I wanted to cry, just like I had done every time. I wasn't made for this. I wasn't strong enough. Magic made a mistake in choosing me to join its cause.
"I'm supposed to bring you to Graven, but I may just keep you for myself," he said, smiling wickedly.
He was far more intimidating than the guy I had encountered in the woods of Grayford. His yellow long nails hung from his hands like twisted vines drooping from the limbs of trees. His teeth were just as yellow as his nails, and his stench was far more grotesque than I had smelled thus far. He was so skinny that his bones showed clearly through the pale layer of skin that seemed to barely cover them.
I tried to block out the pungent odor, the chilling sight, and the promise of death. I had to try something, anything. I didn't want to die. I didn't want this monster to have me.
"You'll be slaughtered by my family if you try anything," I murmured in a hoarse whisper, not sounding intimidating or convincing at all.
"I don't think so, little one. The Bradbury's have been a peaceful coven for a really, really long time; too scared to stir up any trouble without Isis to protect them. I'm not too worried about any retaliation from them. They'll just weep over any remains left of you - if there are any to find."
His low hissing tone was mocking me now. He really did not fear them in the least bit. I could only imagine the agony my family would have to suffer now because of me. I was such a fool for doing this to them.
The smell was so atrocious that I fought back the overwhelming urge to vomit... until I couldn't anymore. I leaned over and heaved forth all the meager possessions of my stomach. Now I would be dying with even less dignity.
As I wiped my mouth and stood up, my eyes found him again. An eerie smile spread over his lips, as if he'd enjoyed my body's sudden crude expulsion.
"You're scared, little one. That's a natural reaction when you're about to die."
I pulled the bottom of my shirt up to wipe my mouth, needing to be fully rid of anything on my face before trying a last ditch effort to sound strong.
"I'm not scared," I lied, sounding steadier and more convincing this time. 
"You just smell disgusting. Do you quit bathing when you're immortal?"
He snarled at me, somewhat growling. Then he cracked his neck and his smile returned as the sinister gleam in his eyes deepened.
"I'll take care of that. I'll just make it to where you never have to breathe again." He leapt through the air toward me. Dirt splattered beneath his feet as he impacted it with his monstrous force. I didn't flinch. I didn't move. It wouldn't have done me any good anyway. I would never be able to stop him. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing pure fear in my eyes any longer.
Painful as it was, I calmly accepted my fate and gracefully awaited death.
Suddenly, I saw a flash out of the corner of my left eye. The flash flew in front of me, and in an instant, the creepy man was flying through the air.
I gasped in pure astonishment as Tallis dusted his hands off in a casual manner. Then he put himself directly between me and the putrid fiend.
He cut his eyes at the skeletal man he had surprised. "Well, she does have a point. Your scent is far more appalling than the usual maggots I encounter."
Without any warning, Tallis turned to me and pushed me hard, knocking me thirty-feet backwards into the water. The water engulfed me instantly, drenching me as thoroughly as my confusion. I didn't have time to collect air before I was thrown in, so I was frantically clawing my way back to the surface.
When the air finally reached me, I was gasping and coughing. Ignoring the burning of the water in my eyes, I stared in disbelief, still trying to wrap my mind around Tallis really being here. I shrieked loudly as I saw another man appear. Tallis must have smelled him. That's why he launched me backwards.
The new monster knocked Tallis into a tree. A harsh crack made it sound like his back broke, which forced a squeal through my lips. I clamped my hands over my mouth to keep me from making another sound.
Tallis got up and shook himself off, acting as though he had merely stumbled. The two men attacked him simultaneously. The tears gushed from my eyes as I watched helplessly. I couldn't do anything but witness the brutal double team. This was my fault. If he died… I would beg for death to take me as well.
They pinned him down and the larger man started to put his hands on him.
There was only one thing I could do. Distract them. Draw them to me and save his life.
"You want me! Take me!" I screamed, praying for a miracle.
The bigger brute quickly took the bait and he started to charge at me, but the skinnier one tripped him up, refusing to share me. Tallis seized his opportunity and quickly leapt to his feet. He hit them both with a blast to draw their attention back to him.
They raced him again. He ducked in the gap between them and they blew past. Then he ran up, grabbed the new guy's arm, and it exploded into ash. The scrawny man charged him as the ashy, one-armed man screamed in agony.
The hissing man suddenly shot out energy. It looked like streaks of lightning. Before it could hit Tallis, someone had jumped in front of it. I quickly realized that it was Everett, and my trapped breath finally came out in an exhale.
The lightning bounced off his chest like it had hit a rubber wall. Then I saw more energy bolts of lightning coming from behind Tallis. The bolts struck the man in the chest, blasting him backwards about fifty or sixty feet. Now I could see that the bolts had originated from Jay. He was dashing toward us, hands out and ready to strike again.
Everett slid in front of the ashy one-armed man when the fiend tried to grab Jay. Everett fell to his knees, his eyes becoming void of any life. I paled at the sight. A drainer.
The ashy man was a drainer, and apparently, invincibles weren't invincible to everything. I heard Jay yell something and then a giant blast of electrical currents zapped into the ashy man. He shook ferociously and then collapsed. He wasn't getting up this time.
Tallis was still facing off with my attacker, as Jay went to Everett.
"I've got it, Jay. Go help Tallis," Aster said, appearing as suddenly as they all had.
No! She's pregnant. She shouldn't be here! What have I done?
Another man joined the party now. He was tall, really tall, and outlandishly wide. The hulking man charged, like a raging bull seeing red, directly at Tallis. I scrambled back in the water, trying to think of something to do. Tallis couldn't even see him coming because his back was turned. He was still throwing shots of explosions at my original attacker.
I screamed and winced when the hulking man was within inches of Tallis. Then a blaze of fire swept between the man and Tallis.
I sighed in relief when I saw Ash was there. She pulled a line of fire that seemed to originate from the earth as she taunted the hulking man. "Let's see what cha' got, big boy."
She walked away from Tallis, drawing the man's attention to her. He grunted and snarled as he charged again. She suddenly leapt straight up and disappeared into the air, and a gale wind so strong whizzed in and wrapped the man around a tree.
Gear. It was his wind. He was here.
Tallis's fight was interrupted when Gear stole his opponent, using the same wind. The rushing air pinned the guy against the hulk already trapped against the tree. My brother was so powerful.
Gear took an authoritative stance, seeming completely fearless as he raised his voice. "The Bradbury blood runs through our veins as strong as ever and as prepared to fight as ever before. We're not peaceful because we're scared of you. You'll be a good example of what happens to anyone with that same naïve notion. When you go after our blood, there is only one fate to suffer."
He looked over at Tallis who seemed to be trying to summon every bit of strength he had in his body. He put his arms in the air for a minute as the vein in his forehead pulsed. Then he thrust his hands toward the men and released an epic explosion that sent a shock of heat all the way to me. They shattered to dust. Absolutely nothing was left of them besides a few crumb-like ashes.
Gear raised his hands pulling wind in cyclone around the ashes left. He sent it whirling through the forest.
"That should ward off some of the others. They may be dissuaded from pursuing us if they see what happened to their comrades," he said calmly.
Everett was rising up now with the life returned to his eyes. Aster had been successful in healing him, which gave me immense relief.
"We've got to get back and help Ayla and Chris," Aster said, sounding more fearful than Gear.
Everyone had apparently come. I was so ashamed.
Tallis swished rapidly through the water to me. He scooped me up as Gear parted the water on our way back, creating a small land trail for us.
Tallis's eyes were so soft and sympathetic as he spoke with such a guilt-ridden tone. "I'm sorry I pushed you so hard. I was just trying to get you out of harm's way when I sensed a new threat. I was trying to give you a soft landing."
I shook my head. He was always apologizing, even after saving me, yet again. I had put my own stupid self in danger, not him. He put me down, allowing me to stand on my own. I lowered my eyes, feeling all the more idiotic.
"You didn't hurt me," I huffed out shamefully.
As my eyes came back up, I looked around at the all of the worried faces from my family. I looked at Everett who had almost died because of me. I felt so horribly selfish.
"I'm so sorry. I just… I'm sorry," I choked out.
There were no words strong enough to express the depth of guilt and remorse I felt for my irresponsible and reckless actions.
Ash nodded at me, and then in a flash, she was gone. Everyone followed except for Aster and Tallis who raced up a trail with me. We hopped in a jeep that was parked on the edge of the trail. Aster took the driver's seat, and Tallis joined me in the back.
Tallis looked at me like something else was wrong. "I can't smell your essence," he said, leaning closer, too close.
I nodded. "I drank the thing of stripper Grandma had."
He seemed to approve of my improvisation.
"That's clever, so how did they find you?" Aster asked, as if she truly believed I was going to have the answer.
"Beats me. I didn't have that blood covering stuff, my oversight, and he said he smelled Bradbury blood, but I don't know how they knew to look for me here. How did you find me?"
Tallis picked my hand up and spoke softly while staring at it. "Every sketch you had drawn of that place proved to be incredibly accurate. I knew you had to be there." Then he added more to his statement, while a hesitant smile played on his lips. "Well, every sketch you drew before you met me."
He handed me my sketch book full of pictures of him. I dropped earlier... again. "You really shouldn't keep leaving that lying around."
His eyes cut up to catch mine.
I smiled uncomfortably and embarrassed. It hurt so much knowing he knew how much I loved him but didn't reciprocate my feelings. I sighed out deeply and shifted the subject when the deafening silence grew to be unbearable.
"How did you know I was in trouble? Did Mom see it?"
Aster shook her head. "She can't see you. You're invisible to her - to all seers. It happens ever so often. She saw the Haluali people being attacked. She shouldn't be able to see them either; however, one of the villagers linked themselves to her when she left. She wanted to be able to keep an eye on things since they were leaving a little early. It's a good thing she did so."
"What?" More tears flooded my eyes now. I endangered everyone's life with my stupidity. "Why?"
Tallis put his arm around me in a comforting motion before speaking. "The dark followers have been searching for them for centuries. They're some of the strongest guardians. They usually take care of the stronger bloodlines because of the solidity of their magic. They've done an excellent job keeping their location a secret."
"Until I led them straight to them," I said through a strained whisper, my tears falling in a heavier abundance.
He put his finger under my chin, tilting my head to meet his stare. "You couldn't have known."
I could see smoke coming from the direction of the village. "Oh no! We have to go help them!"
Aster kept driving toward Brazil, never slowing. She looked into the rearview mirror, letting her eyes connect with mine. "Mom and Dad got them out."
A new sense of fear shot through me. "What if some of those monsters attacked Mom and Dad? They could be hurt and needing us."
Tallis smiled as Aster responded. "They're perfectly fine. Mom is an incredible seer. Especially in combat. She can see every move before they make it. Dad can drain someone without touch. He's the only drainer known to have mastered that ability. All other drainers need touch. Mom and Dad are even stronger together. Their soul mate linkage gives her the power to show him what she sees the instant she sees it. It's almost as if he's a seer, too. They're pretty amazing to watch."
Her confidence in them gave me a little reprieve, but I still worried. I would never forgive myself if anything happened to them.
Before I knew it, we were in Brazil. There was absolute pandemonium. Rioting and brawling were going on all over the place. It had been so normal earlier. So calm.
"What's going on?" I asked, feeling dumbfounded by the chaos.
Tallis responded with one word in a solemn tone, and I had no idea what it meant. "Kao."
He looked around, warily assessing the scene. Finally, he noticed my quizzical look as he helped me out of the jeep.
"Kao is the son of Graven. He's Ayla's counterpart. Where she brings serenity, he brings chaos. He's not gone either. I can feel his presence." He studied the crowd more furtively. "We'll have to walk from here. There's no way we can drive in this mess."
Aster grabbed different things from the jeep and shut the door. We started shoving our way through the crowd. I bounced off some people, barely keeping my balance, but Tallis kept me afloat amongst the craziness. He kept his hand on me at all times, never letting me get out of his grasp.
He halted suddenly, and I slammed into him from behind. I looked up and watched as the color drained from his face. I followed his gaze and saw a lean young guy standing on top of a building. He was glaring right at us.
He was incredibly tall, and his attire was all black, just as his eyes were. He dropped from the building to his feet without even bending his knees. People seemed to spread, making a path for him, as he headed toward us.
Aster stepped in front of me and Tallis. It had to be Kao. Three or four more women and men followed him. It was an entourage of putrid smelling dramians. The stinging sensation of guilt flooded me yet again. I wanted to rewind time and start the day all over, make the decision to stay and face my problems instead of running away and putting everyone in the line of fire.
"Stay behind me," Tallis whispered, his eyes never leaving Kao.
Suddenly we were joined by Ash who somersaulted down from a building above.
"Well, this is just peachy."
Her light tone was laced with dread. Her eyes scoured the landscape as she seemed to be sizing the dramians up. Then we were joined by Gear, Olivia, Jaslene, Alvin, Everett, Chris, Jay, and Ayla. Everyone stood fearlessly, ready to face whatever these demons threw at them.
Kao stopped walking as a dust storm started sweeping through. I looked at Gear. He caught my gaze and shook his head, letting me know it wasn't him.
Iris and George came into view with Desmond, Allaysia, and Edmond following close behind.
Iris was quick to challenge Kao. "If you think you're ready for this, then let's get started."
Her eyes sparked with power and a fearlessness that made me shiver. She was so strong in so many ways. They crossed over to join us, adding to our line of power, while I stood there, shielded and helpless.
Tallis pulled me tightly against his back. I shouldn't have been thinking about how good he smelled, but I couldn't help myself. I shook it off, trying to focus on the fact we were surrounded by a mob of people wanting to kill us. Ayla stepped up and pulled off her hood.
Some of the chaos lessened, but it was too much for her to ice completely. Kao glared at her, and Jay stepped up, ready to block any attack.
I could see Ayla working hard as her eyes burned toward the crowd. It seemed to be getting better. Kao squinted his eyes, fighting against her magic. She was strong though. Despite all the essences Kao had consumed, Ayla was still as strong, if not stronger than him, because she had found her soul mate, and he hadn't.
Kao stepped back as the clouds rumbled with loud thunder and the sky turned dark above us. He looked at Iris who was staring at him.
"Your move, Kao," she dared in a quiet but deadly tone, letting the wind carry her voice to him.
He backed away, as did his followers. He knew they weren't ready to take on Iris and her family. Nor was he ready to take on his aunt and cousins. I shivered to think of how hard it was for Tallis and his family to face off against their own blood. He must have felt my shiver.
"Are you okay?"
I barely nodded in response. But I was far from okay. I felt a horrible sensation in my stomach. I tasted the toxic air and felt the shift. Something bad was going to happen.
My eyes moved slowly, trying to find the other shoe before it dropped. I should have looked sooner. By the time I found it, it was too late.
Out of all the things I'd seen recently, the barrel of the gun pointed at me was the most terrifying yet. The rapid-fire rhythm of my pounding heart found my ears, drowning out all other sounds.
My mind hadn't wrapped around all the crazy, but I knew how deadly that piece of metal could be when in the hands of a killer.
The man behind the gun was just a few feet away from us. Kao was in the man's head. He wanted me dead, even if he didn't want to fight my family.
Before I could warn anyone, a shot rang out. As soon as the bullet burst out of the barrel, everything dropped into slow motion. I couldn't move like normal. Even I was in slow motion.
Everything was moving at a fraction of the normal speed, including the bullet. Tallis was suddenly in front of me, seeming to be the only one not slowed by time, and the bullet exploded against his chest, still in slow motion.
I could see each fragment shattering in its own separate direction. You could almost pluck them from the air.
As though a spell was broken, time resumed, once again finding normal speed. The shards of the bullet fell to the ground like broken glass. Kao tilted his head as Tallis threw his hands forth, launching an attack.
Kao didn't explode, but a powerful blast wounded his side. Kao grabbed his side and glowered at Tallis. He grimaced in pain and anger, and then disappeared into the crowd.
They were retreating. It was such a relief. We were going to live.
The overload of adrenaline fled, leaving me weak with hot chills. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so I did both.
Ayla was still restoring peace, and everyone held their place, keeping her protected. Finally, normalcy was restored.
Tallis grabbed my hand and we walked toward Jaslene.
I could hear my guilt-ridden tone. "Mom, I'm so sorry." I started crying as I hugged her, collapsing into her embrace.
She pulled me back to speak, her eyes soft and sympathetic, despite the reaming I deserved. "It's okay, dear. We'll talk more about this when we get home. But don't ever do this to me again."
"I won't. I promise, I won't."
Tallis hugged his mother. "I guess I wasn't strong enough to kill him. Now what?" he asked, acting disheartened.
"We'll worry about it later. It's good we found out what we did today. This may have been the best thing. Now we know a little better about what we're dealing with."
"Ayla is much stronger now," Desmond said, interjecting himself into the conversation.
Tallis and his family seemed somewhat pleased with that new bit of information.
"Jay helped with that. Our families uniting was a good thing." Allaysia touched Tallis's saddened face. "Let's get Aria home."
Chapter 18

Accepting My New Life

Time continues to move forward even if we're standing still.

After nearly getting everyone I loved killed, I was feeling pretty rotten for running away. Ash sat across from Tallis and me. I caught her scowl and awaited my well-deserved lashing.
"Oh, by the way, thanks for losing my passport."
I flinched. I left my bag on the side of the trail and forgot all about it during the sudden retreat. "Sorry," I mumbled, adding that to the long list of things I'd never be able to make up for.
"You're just lucky I know how to-" She looked around the plane, trying to phrase the next part of her sentence. "-work a little magic."
She snickered at her little comment, though I didn't find it as humorous. Magic was ruining everything. So was I.
I leaned back in my seat, forcing a smile so she wouldn't see through me. Tallis stared out the window, his eyes focused the clouds. His hand was just inches away from mine. I wanted to reach over and grab it, but I couldn't deal with him pulling away from me.
It was hard enough fighting back the urge to tell him I loved him again. I kept reminding myself of how poorly that had worked out the first time. Instead, I decided to just talk to him.
He looked like he needed a friend, and I owed him that much. "I’m sorry you had to hurt your cousin. I know that must have been incredibly difficult for you."
He turned with his eyes narrowed, seeming angry at me. "I wasn't trying to hurt him. I was trying to kill him. It wasn't hard at all. It was easy to do. He was trying to kill you. I don't care who it is, I would never let anyone hurt you. He may be my blood, but he's not my family. None of them are."
When he said stuff like that, it confused me even worse. How could he feel that strongly toward me and not love me?
He was willing to kill his cousin without even the slightest doubt because he tried to hurt me. I didn't understand why he couldn't see.
I wasn't going to get into all of that though. I thought back to the bullet shattering against his chest, and I flinched.
"I know this is going to sound weird, but I swear when that bullet came at me, everything went into slow motion. It was like everything slowed to a near standstill until after the bullet shattered on your chest. I saw everything with such clarity. I even saw the tiny fragments explode into the air almost one by one. It was amazing, other than the part where you had to literally take a bullet for me."
I expected him to snicker a little at that last part, but I was met with crickets instead. His eyes got really wide, like I had said something wrong.
His voice showed his confusion. "What? You saw everything in slow motion?"
I squirmed uncomfortably now, perplexed by his reaction and his tone. I responded with uncertainty. "Yeah, it just seemed as though time was crawling. I couldn't move, but I could see everything barely moving, except for you."
Allaysia leaned over the seat with astonishment on her face, whispering, "You learned how to control it? How did it work?"
He shook his head and stared at me while whispering back, "It just worked that one time, when I needed it more than I ever have. I don't even know how I did it. It just happened. How did Aria-"
"Shhh," she interrupted gently. "We'll talk more when it's safe to talk. Everyone will want to be included, I'm sure."
"There won't be any reason for that. It's not like I even know how to control it. Like I said, it just happened."
He leaned back in his seat, relaxing slightly. Then he resumed staring out the window. I was completely bewildered and they just seemed indifferent to my concerns.

I was relieved when the plane landed, hoping I would get some answers to their cryptic conversation.
Tallis wasn't letting me out of his sight. He tossed Desmond and Ash his keys as he opened the passenger door of my car for me.
He stayed silent all the way to the house. Every time I brought up the slow motion thing, he would just say later.
I was so happy to see the house. "Finally! I can get some answers," I exclaimed as he helped me out of the car.
He smiled just slightly with the corner of his mouth and grabbed my hand. He had no idea what physical contact did to me. It burned me up, like a passionate fire that could never be extinguished. I couldn't understand why he claimed to not love me.
He had just flown to South America to save me. He had studied my sketches so much that he found my hideaway in an enormous rainforest. He tried to kill his own cousin to save me. He apparently used some new freaky slow motion power to jump in front of a bullet for me. He wouldn't even let me ride home without him. He had put my family's protective crest inside his pretty little car next to his in the very beginning. He planned on being with me all the time. He slept in my bed, rarely letting me out of his sight. I just hated he wouldn't admit it to himself or to me. It was killing me.
He went and got a couple bottles of water from the refrigerator. He handed me one as he sat on the couch beside me. Then everyone started piling in. Everyone put away their stuff and joined us in the living room area.
Ash sat beside me. "So, by the way, about the whole passport thing... I'd like you to know how embarrassing it was to be closer to thirty than twenty, and have to have a parent's permission to board a plane."
"What?" Then it dawned on me. "Oh, yeah, sorry. I'm surprised they let us use each other's ID. We don't look that much alike."
Ash smiled. "Well, I did look like you when I got there." She took a breath, and before my eyes, she transformed to look like me.
I gasped slightly, feeling as though I had stepped outside my body to stare at myself. It was uncanny actually.
"I didn't have time to make a new passport before we left," she added. "This was a quick and easy fix."
It was hard to believe it was easier to change one's appearance than it was to make a new passport. I obviously still had a lot to learn about magic.
"Awesome."
I could see Tallis flinch out of the corner of my air.
Ash changed back, laughing slightly as she responded, "I know, right? It was fun getting to be you for a minute."
I became distracted with the other chatter going on in the room. Alvin's eyes burned with intensity as he studied Tallis, gazing at him like he had just caught on fire or something.
"Amazing," Dad said in a tone of awe.
I shrugged my shoulders with my hands out. "What?"
Tallis looked at me and put his hand on my knee as he joined in on the conversation I had apparently managed to miss. "I don’t know how it works, or how to control it."
"How to control what?" Ash was thankfully just as confused as I was.
Allaysia spoke with a cool tone. "Tallis has the ability to still time to a near halt. He hasn't been able to use it on command until Brazil. When the man shot at Aria, he was able to slow time so he could step in front of her. His will to defend her at any cost must have triggered it somehow. He used it perfectly.
"Most of our powers do show themselves more clearly in a time of extreme circumstances such as that. Self defense is the strongest trigger to any power. I've never seen the defense mechanism kick in so strongly for someone who wasn't a soul mate though."
Allaysia’s explanation put some of my questions to rest. However, I didn't like the implication that Tallis and I were not soul mates. I was sick of everyone disagreeing with me.
Maybe that was why it had kicked in. Maybe that was proof we were soul mates after all. Apparently I was the only one who seemed to think so though.
Tallis spoke quietly, almost too quietly for me to even hear him, although no one else seemed to have a problem. "I haven't ever been able to use it for any amount of time to do anything with it. Until today, I've never been able to actually control when it happened. It's always just popped up at random. I wouldn't have known about it otherwise. I've tried using since we left Brazil, and I haven't had any success."
"So you have two incredible one-of-a-kind powers? That's so not fair at all," Ash groaned.
Leave it to Ash to make it a competition.
Jaslene rolled her eyes at Ash. Tallis huffed out a small chuckle. Then he resumed.
"I don't know that it's going to do us any good if I can't learn to control it."
"Maybe Aria should get shot at again. This time you could pay attention to how it works," Gear joked through a chuckle.
"Aria will get herself into another mess at some point and time. I'm sure you'll get plenty of practice," Ash said, rolling her eyes at me.
"Yeah, maybe. If she let's me stick around, that is." Tallis searched my eyes, waiting for me to answer.
He had a look like a little kid would have at Christmas while waiting on someone to tell him if he could open a present.
I put my head down, feeling a little embarrassed by everyone's staring. I shrugged my shoulders. "Guess you kind of have to. I don't do so well without you, it seems."
It was going to be hard to be around him while feeling the way I did - the way he claimed he didn't. Nothing he did made sense. He wanted to be with me, but he didn't want to be with me. I was exhausted from trying to figure out his feelings for him.
He smiled like I had answered just the way he wanted me to. I shook my head to myself. I loved him whether he believed it or not and I wasn't going to give up.
When we were away from the others, I asked, "Why did you flinch when Ash changed into me?"
He looked so pitifully sad. He stared away for a minute, seeming to be lost in a cloud of misery. I was starting to think he wasn't going to answer, but he finally did.
"When she changed at the airport, I had a lot on my mind. When she changed just now, it made me remember what I was thinking then."
I was slightly puzzled by that vague response. "What were you thinking?"
He sighed loudly, bringing his eyes back to meet mine.
"I was worried we wouldn't make it in time. We were going in blind as to where you were or what was happening to you. The only thing Jaslene had seen was the fire and the chaos in Brazil. With you, there was nothing. I had no idea what condition we were going to find you in.
"When Ash changed at the airport, it worried me that it might be the last time I ever saw you, and it wasn't even you. I couldn't bear the thought of seeing your face on anyone but you. I was going to think of the time I saw you before that, but that wasn't the best of memories either. This was all my fault."
"No, it was mine," I groaned, doing my best to ease his guilt. In the end, it really was all my fault. All of it.

We went outside with everyone for the celebration. Ash raised fire from the ground against a few logs that Gear had assembled with a little help from his wind. Jay shot bolts of energy that exploded into the night sky like electric fireworks.
Selesha had joined us. It was sad seeing her watch Jay and Ayla. I could tell it was killing her. I wanted to say something, but I didn't know where to start.
The huge fire and the electric fireworks were quite a romantic backdrop for Tallis and me. I leaned into him, enjoying the way he held my hand and kissed the top of my head.
"Thank you for always saving me," I murmured softly, sighing in content as I watched the embers of the fire float on the arms of the natural wind.
It was cold, so the fire fed me warmth. So did Tallis. I felt his hand squeeze mine a little tighter.
"As long as I'm alive, I'll be around to save you. If anything was to happen to you... I wouldn't live through it." He paused when I looked away to hide my sadness. He had no idea what his words did to my soul. He sounded confused as he changed the subject. "I don't understand how you saw things as I saw them in slow motion."
He touched my cheek, caressing it softly with the tips of his fingers. I fought back the tears and shrugged while turning back to face him.
"I don't know either. I'm glad I was able to help you use a new power though." I laughed a little, though it was forced. "At least all of my life-threatening encounters give you a good workout."
He smiled, letting his eyes drift back to the fire.
Everyone danced around the blazing beauty for a couple of hours, and then we finally went in. The adults indulged in some cocktails, I was stuck with only water.
"Will you stay with me tonight?" I asked in a whisper, looking at Tallis hopefully.
"I hoped you'd ask." He seemed almost relieved as he brushed my hair from my face.
We headed up the stairs, side by side. He reached for my hand as we made our way to my room, and his fingers became interlocked with mine.
He shut my door, and I lay down on the bed, completely exhausted. He flopped down beside me and wrapped his body tightly, so tightly against mine. His hands reached around my waist, just slightly touching the skin my shirt left uncovered. His hands felt like silk. His breath on my neck sent a wave of chill bumps all over my body. I heard him snicker when he noticed them.
I turned over to let my eyes meet his. I wasn't angry, but I could hear pain in my voice when I almost whimpered before straining out my words.
"Why do you laugh? Why is this humorous to you? Do you have any idea how much this hurts me? I want to be with you so badly that it physically hurts. Every part of my body aches for you. Is it funny to see me suffer because you feel nothing for me? I'm so confused by you and how it feels like you want me like I want you, but then you shut me down like I mean nothing at all to you."
His expression changed to be more serious. He cleared his throat, seeming a little surprised by my outburst.
"I was laughing because I'm happy. I love making you feel something for me. With that said, I also hate myself for doing this to you. You mean absolutely everything to me. Nothing means anything at all if you're not with me.
"I've tried fighting the urge to be by your side, but I can't. I've done everything in my power to not link with your emotions, but I'm continuously unsuccessful. I'm not strong enough to fight it. I'm not capable of leaving you alone. It's selfish and cruel, and I wish I could stop, I really do, but I can't. Every second I'm not with you is the worst time of my life.
"Without you, I'm completely miserable and emptiness is all that consumes me. You're so unbelievably amazing that I can't stop myself. I physically hurt for you, too, Aria. I can't spend a moment without thinking about you. Even when I'm with you, I'm thinking about you. It's completely insanely wonderful and dreadfully painful at the same time. I don't know how to stop.
"I don't want to ruin your last few years as mortal. I don't want to risk the harm I could cause, should my blood truly be tainted. I can't let myself bond with you the way you say you want to. It's going to be unbearable for me when you transform and go in search of your true soul mate. Your human emotions for me will become obsolete, and when your feelings die, mine will, too. It's going to be hard enough to lose you this way. I can't get any closer. I just can't."
I winced at the obvious pain in his face and tears in his eyes. "I don't think I'll be going anywhere. I think I've already found my soul mate. Well, I don't just think it, I know it. You don't believe it, but how else do you explain what we feel?"
I put my hand on his face and slid it down his neck to his already unbuttoned shirt. His bare stomach lay beneath it. His neck was within reach of my lips. I put my head closer to it and kissed it lightly.
I heard him groan slightly with guilty pleasure. I kissed his soft neck again, moving down to his chest. I didn't know what I was doing, but it seemed to be working. His hands clasped me tightly, pulling me closer to his body. Our lips grazed each other's and then he moved his down to kiss my neck.
It felt so... hot. My whole body raced with heat, like I had a fever. My heart pulsed faster and faster as I slid his shirt off his right shoulder and began kissing it.
He pulled me back enough to catch a breath. "I can't do this to you. Please don't do this to me. You have no idea how hard this is to fight. I want you so badly I can't stand it. I love you, Aria. Please don't make this any harder on me."
Please tell me he really said that!
Electrically charged tingles crawled through me, igniting every ounce of emotion in me and stirring me to life. My breath left me for a second as my mind searched to see if I had really just heard that. His eyes held mine, pleading and begging for contradicting things. He loved me, wanted me, but he also wanted me to stop.
"I love you, too. I have for a long time."
I wasn't stopping. I couldn't. I knew we were soul mates. I couldn't breathe without him. I needed him like air. I couldn't be without him another moment. He was desire, passion, happiness... He was everything I needed, and I wasn't backing down this time. I was giving myself to him to love. I was taking him to love. I wasn't walking away until he was mine.
"If you love me, don't do this to me," he pleaded, his voice going out. "I don't have enough strength left to fight this for the both of us anymore."
"Who asked you to fight for me?" I asked, keeping my voice soft.
I continued my gentle kisses around his chest and neck, working my way back up to his mouth.
"Aria, please. This is so hard not to give in to," he begged.
"Then give in," I whispered back, still pressing myself tightly against his body.
I sat up in his lap, moving my legs around his waist and poising my lips to be millimeters from his. My body was begging him to make the first move. I was on fire for him, and I was going to be relentless in my attempts. The more he resisted, the more I fought to tempt him. It worked.
His hands were suddenly in my hair. Then one hand slid down my back bringing me with him as he dropped back to the bed. He grabbed me at my right thigh and slid me up, making everything inside me come to boil.
This was it. It was happening - my first kiss with my first and only love. He still had one hand on the back of my neck and he pulled me down to his face. It was so much better than I had ever imagined it would be; the perfect ending to a horribly traumatic day. The intensity of how badly we wanted each other was overwhelmingly breathtaking.
His lips felt like velvet as they crushed against mine, pushing me into a place of fantasy. I felt the fireworks erupting powerfully in our mouths. I felt his heart pounding under my body. I felt his hands pulling me as close as they could. I felt alive and on fire.
His tongue explored my mouth and with it came a stronger heat. It was almost too much.
He was mine. All I had to do was wait until my transformation to prove it. I knew the dark ones were still looking for me, but in that moment, I didn't care. The only thing I cared about was the fire surging through me, burning out of control. All I cared about was being with him, and I finally could be… for now.
The delicious heat kept getting stronger, to the point I couldn't catch my breath at all. Suddenly, it was burning me from the inside out. An excruciating, unrelenting, merciless inferno.
What started as a cloud of euphoria became a shadow of darkness as my sounds of pleasure turned into a bloodcurdling scream.

End of book one. Book two, Jaded Jewels, coming soon. Join The Coveted Saga fan page on Facebook to get teasers from book two.

Other books by C.M. Owens -

Adult - ages seventeen and older for all books listed below:

Daughter of Aphrodite (Book one - The Daughter Trilogy)
Daughter of Asteria (Book two - The Daughter Trilogy)
Daughter of Kaos (Book three - The Daughter Trilogy)
The Daughter Trilogy Bundle is available.

Gifted Curse (Book one of the Curse Trilogy)
Forgotten Curse (Book two of the Curse Trilogy)
Lifted Curse (Book three of the Curse Trilogy)
The Curse Trilogy Bundle is available.

Secret Gifts - Book one of the Gifts Trilogy (A continuation of the Curse Trilogy)

The Devil's Artwork (Book one - Faders Trilogy)
New Dawn of War (Book two - Faders Trilogy)

And Blood's Fury - Book one of the Deadly Beauties series

Awakening
/ə'weɪk(ə)nɪŋ/

(N.) 1. Recognition, realization, or coming to awareness of something.
2. The act of awakening from sleep.
3. Revival of interest or attention.


By: Samantha Long


Awakening


Copyright © 2013 by Samantha Long

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without written permission from the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages for review purposes.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author's imagination and are used fictitiously.




























I want to thank Nina, who told me when I was wrong, and fell in love with the characters as much as I did. I love you, girl!




































Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
About the Author
Other Works by Author

Chapter One



Sophie approached the library doors with the vision at the forefront of her mind. Panic threatened to choke her but she fought the sensation down with a few deep breaths. One hand messed with the ponytail of her ebony hair and the other reached for the library doors. Her best friend, Lilli, shot her a glance and then looked pointedly at the door.
Guilt panged in her heart. It was her fault Lilli was in Boston, hours from home. That Lilli volunteered to follow her here didn’t matter. Now Lilli was willing to follow her inside this library, knowing Sophie’s visions, because that’s who she was. Loyal, kind, determined. Not one to turn from something she felt she had to do.
Again she could hear the sounds of the vision. The battle, the screams. She smelled brimstone. All she remembered clearly was that Lilli used her healing gift to the point of exhaustion. Something Sophie wanted to protect her from but couldn’t. They’d made a pact years ago to always share what these gifts showed them.
Sophie took another deep breath and entered the library. It was after dark because Morgan wouldn’t miss cheerleading practice for this Sociology project. Sophie had wanted to smack the sneer off her flawless face but she’d managed to restrain herself.
Morgan was somehow a part of this. Whatever this was. As were the other study group members. The connection had slammed into Sophie the moment she’d met them in class. So she’d try to be nice.
The library was quiet. No whispers echoed off the hardwood floors. Only one librarian stood behind the counter. No other students sat in the chairs or used the computers.
“Just like in your dream.” Lilli looked over at Sophie, green eyes worried. She seemed fragile, petite in stature with a pixie-like face. She, like Sophie, wore the plaid skirt and navy blazer uniform of the Lotus Academy, one of the most prestigious private high schools in Boston. Underneath that fragile façade, Sophie sensed Lilli gathering her energy and courage, ready to heal any injury. Her friend might look fragile, but she was one of the strongest people Sophie knew.
Still, Sophie wished Lilli were at home, attending their old high school, far from this.
“Yeah.” Sophie sighed and walked forward. “Let’s go get the others.”
Lilli nodded her head toward the study rooms in the back. “That’s where you said they’d be.”
It didn’t take long to find the group. Their voices carried out from the open door in the silence of the empty library.
When the girls stepped in the room the first person Sophie saw was Morgan. She sat in a chair in a cheery yellow dress, legs crossed. Her makeup and hair was perfect, and so was the cappuccino color of her complexion. “I wondered if you’d show.” She said in a cool voice.
Sophie ignored her and went to take a seat. The only two open were between Tristan and Jackson. Lilli had fallen headfirst in like with Jackson’s auburn hair and deep brown eyes, so Sophie knew she’d have to sit next to Tristan. Her heart stuttered.
Tristan’s gray eyes warmed when Sophie took the seat next to him. Her gaze roamed over his face. The square jaw, full lips. His brown hair was mussed, like he’d just woken up.
When his lips tilted up at one corner heat rushed to her face.
“Come on. We need to get this started. I’ve got better things to do.” Morgan’s eyes sparked at Tristan and Sophie.
Aidan, the last of the study group, whistled. “You’re hot when you’re jealous.”
Morgan’s blue eyes turned to ice. She glared at him. He smiled lazily at her.
Sophie could sense Aidan’s attraction to Morgan. Could he be more insane?
Not that Aidan was ugly. Sophie just figured his black clothing, studded eyebrow and ears, and tattoos were something the Queen of Ice wouldn’t be interested in.
Morgan shook her curls off of her shoulder with a silent glare for the group.
Aidan grinned again and turned to Jackson. “You play for the football team?” He leaned back in his chair and tapped his fingers on the arm.
“Could you please stop that?” Morgan speared Aidan with another look.
“Sure thing, Princess.”
“Shut up.”
Jackson watched their exchange with a small smile. A curl fell over his forehead that made him look devastatingly virtuous. “Tristan and I are on the same team. We’ve played together since we were little.”
“Wasn’t it your quarterback that went missing back in the summer?” Aidan asked.
Sophie stilled. She caught the look Lilli sent her.
“It was. And a cheerleader the next month.” Tristan spoke up. His voice rumbled through Sophie. “I heard they haven’t found the person doing it yet.”
Other visions, ones of the kidnappings, rose to the surface of Sophie’s mind. She shut her eyes, knowing the violet color would start to recede against the black of her pupils if the visions came too close to her mind. Was it a coincidence that the kidnappings were brought up now? She had to hope the kidnappings and her most recent vision of the library fight weren’t connected.
“We could study male and female communications.” Aidan was saying.
Sophie hadn’t realized she’d missed any of the conversation. Hopefully the others just thought she was tired and closed her eyes.
Aidan held up his hands. The light glinted off the tips of his blond, spiked hair. “I don’t joke around all the time.”
“You had me fooled.” Morgan spit out.
“Look, we have to get this done. Can we get along for the small amount of time we’re here?” Tristan leaned closer to the table. Sophie noticed the way his muscles moved underneath the white t-shirt he wore. “You said so yourself. You have places to go.” He kept his gaze on Morgan’s.
Their voices sounded far away to Sophie. Her heartbeat pounded in her ears and the pressure in the back of her mind screamed at her to run. It was hard to stay seated when everything begged her to listen. But she couldn’t run. Like Lilli, it wasn’t in her nature.
Morgan uncrossed her legs and raised an eyebrow. “You’re certainly touchy since Cecilia left town. She left for…what’s his name?”
“Morgan, stop.” Jackson’s face brooked no argument but Morgan barged on.
“Oh, no. I’m not going to stop now. His name was Cory, right? Cecilia and Cory. How cute.”
Tristan’s jaw clenched and his gray eyes narrowed.
The feel of Tristan’s past hurt and Morgan’s spite swirled together to mix with the pressure in Sophie’s mind. The dam burst.
“Morgan, stop it!” Sophie jumped up. Her stomach dropped. Something was in the library and it wanted them. “We need to go.” Maybe if she could get them to leave with her, the vision could be changed.
“Sophie?” Lilli’s face paled.
Looking between the stoic faces of the guys and Morgan’s frown, she knew she’d never get them out and she couldn’t just leave them. “There’s something in the library.” She refused to meet Tristan’s gaze.
“How do you know that?” Morgan’s voice raised a notch at the surety on Sophie’s face.
The others stood. Jackson moved closer to Lilli, standing next to her like an avenging angel. She could almost see him as Michael, the archangel, with the curly hair and sword. She got the impression that he would die to protect Lilli. By the end of the night, he might get the chance.
A scream echoed of the walls, in Sophie’s mind.
She darted out the door before she had time to think. The librarian’s fear choked her. She had to help.
“Sophie, wait!” Lilli called after her.
Sophie hoped Lilli wouldn’t follow. Her breath came in quick, harsh pants. She forced her feet to move down the darkened hallway. The librarian’s emotions were shards of agony that dug deep into Sophie’s skull. She fought something off and whatever it was, it scared the hell out of her. Sophie stopped behind a row of bookcases and shut her eyes to gather her courage. Her body shook from the horror that raged through her mind.
The librarian didn’t scream again.
Using every ounce of her will, Sophie stepped out from behind the bookcases. The lights flickered. For a moment she couldn’t see.
When her eyes focused her heart skipped a beat. The librarian lay on the floor in a puddle of dark blood. A metallic smell reached her. Sophie’s stomach churned.
She skidded to a halt and knelt beside the woman. The librarian’s eyes were closed and her breath came in shallow gasps. Blood bubbled and steamed through the jagged marks on her chest.
“Sophie? Sophie!” Lilli came around the bookcases. She paused when she located Sophie and the librarian.
Sophie tried to put pressure on the wound but it was too large. Both her hands barely covered the width of the claw marks. She couldn’t think too much about the fact that whatever did this was around. The sinister darkness still lurked in her mind. She heard Lilli’s footsteps halt beside her.
“Is she?” Lilli’s eyes filled with tears.
Sophie shook her head. “Can you heal her?”
Lilli’s eyes hardened with determination. “I can try.” She brushed Sophie’s hands out of the way and placed her own over the gaping wound. It gurgled as a warm, golden light shone from Lilli and spiraled into the gash.
Something teased the edge of Sophie’s senses. She cocked her head to the side like she was listening to someone speak across the room. The pressure in her mind thickened.
Whatever attacked the librarian was coming. Sophie opened her mouth to warn Lilli.
Icy fingers wrapped in her hair and jerked her upward. Fetid breath hit the back of her neck.
“Guardian.” It hissed.





Chapter Two


That one word evoked feelings in Sophie that she didn’t understand. Fear, hope, survival.
The fingers tightened in her hair. The man’s thoughts crowded in on hers and overcame her own. She knew one thing. He wasn’t human.
A shadow blanketed his mind. Terror screamed through her blood. It was darker than anything she’d ever known.
“Sophie!”
Sophie heard Tristan’s shout but couldn’t see him. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a black wolf stalking around the bookcases. It stopped in front of her. When it growled the hair on its back stood on end. Muscles rippled underneath the fur as it crouched. Sophie thought it was beautiful.
“She is mine.”
Sophie’s stomach twisted. The voice was cold and dead, like he’d been created out of the darkness she felt in his mind.
The wolf leaped. The man shrieked in pain. The fingers loosened their hold on her hair and she saw her chance. She shoved at his loose hold and feel to her knees.
“Tristan, be careful!” Jackson yelled. He and Aidan ran into the room.
Sophie stared in wonder, watching the black wolf viciously bite the man’s leg.
Tristan was the wolf?
“She’s healed.”
Sophie snapped her head to the side and saw Lilli sit back. Her body swayed. Sophie noticed the pasty color to her skin. “Lilli.”
“I’m fine.” Lilli leaned against one of the tables for support.
The wolf yelped, the sound piercing their ears. Sophie watched the man shake him off. He kicked the wolf so hard it slid across the room and blood smeared the floor. The wolf hit a book case and rammed to a stop.
Three deep slashes ran down the wolf’s abdomen. The blood spurted with each heartbeat. Sophie’s heart dropped.
The thought that Tristan could change into a wolf didn’t shock her at the moment. Neither did the fact that the man had claws the size of machetes instead of hands. It might later, she thought, if they got out of this alive.
The creature, because there was no way she could think of it as a man, took a step toward them. His lips curled back in a predatory smile. More fear snaked through Sophie.
Jackson waved a hand and several chairs lifted off of the floor. They shot like missiles and hit the man in the chest. The force knocked him over a table. Wood flew.
“Tristan.” Sophie ran to him, almost slipping in a puddle of his blood. She steadied herself and hopped over the falling wood before kneeling down beside him. Fur receded back into tanned flesh. Green-yellow eyes grew stormy again.
“Lilli!” Sophie glanced over her shoulder at her friend. She saw Lilli already crawling over to where they were. Lilli’s pasty skin shocked her. Instantly, she was torn. Could she ask her best friend to save Tristan, even if it weakened her to the point of exhaustion?
“I’ll take care of him.” Lilli nodded to her. “Go help the others. They’ll need you.”
Sophie bobbed her head. She glanced at Tristan one more time and her heart stuttered. His clenched jaw and ashen color frightened her. A wry smile flirted on his lips. “We’re not so different.”
Sophie managed a smile.
“Go!” Lilli shoved softly at her shoulder.
By the time Sophie made it back to Aidan and Jackson they were staring at the unmoving body of the creature. “Is he dead?”
“I don’t think so. By the way, Jackson, how’d you do that?”
“Does it matter right now?” Jackson’s face was alight with a warrior’s tenseness. His eyes never moved from the body.
“If that guy gets back up, I’ll show you what I can do.”
“Wait, you too?” Sophie stared at Aidan. She had a gut feeling that the fact that they all had supernatural gifts wasn’t a coincidence. “Where’s Morgan?”
“She…I don’t know.” Aidan furrowed his brows.
The shock of his worry swallowed Sophie and almost covered the tickle at the back of her neck. “Look out!” A blast of light filled the room and heat warmed the side of her face. She dove at Aidan and Jackson. Her body collided with theirs. They landed on the floor in a heap of limbs, elbows and knees covering her.
Sophie drove her elbow into Aidan’s ribs, trying to get up. He sucked in a gasp and coughed.
 Jackson reached down a hand.
“Thanks.” Sophie allowed him to pull her up. She looked to where they’d been standing.
Smoke curled around the edges of a hole in the wall. Paint peeled down, charred and gray, revealing the sheetrock behind.
“What the hell?” Aidan glanced over Sophie’s shoulder. His lips were tight and his entire body was rigid.
Sophie turned to see what caused his reaction and her eyes widened. The creature stood over the ruined table, looking like he’d grown several feet in a matter of seconds. Scales rippled on his flesh, rose up his neck and over his face. When he opened his eyes they glowed red with blood lust. Two wicked looking fangs gleamed in the flickering light. Leathery wings sprouted from his back and flapped twice, ripping the blue shirt he wore.
“Okay, something tells me he’s not human.” Sophie murmured. She backed up a few steps.
“Really? What makes you think that?”
“Shut up, Aidan.” Morgan’s voice hovered around them.
“Princess?” Aidan spun around in a circle. His frown turned quizzical when he failed to locate her.
Sophie glanced around. She could feel Morgan’s essence, so she knew the girl was close. “Morgan?”
“Where are you?” Jackson looked around.
“Right here.”
Sophie raised her eyebrows. “Seriously.”
The air around them shimmered and then Morgan stood next to them. Her hair fluttered as if she’d been bathed in a light breeze.
“Why would someone as hot as you want to be invisible?” Aidan winked at Morgan. She glared at him before shimmering out of sight.
“He’s licking his lips.” Jackson murmured. He braced his feet shoulder width apart and prepared for the next attack.
Sophie knew then his parents should’ve named him Michael. If ever there was someone who reminded her of the Archangel, it was Jackson. “Aidan, what are you doing?” She asked when she saw he walked toward the creature. She reached out her hand but he shook it off.
He paused a few paces in front of the scaly man-thing and put his hands in front of his body. The air stirred, becoming hotter. Within seconds Aidan’s hands were on fire.
“Wow.” Jackson stepped in front of Sophie to block her from the creature‘s eyesight.
“That we should have expected.” Sophie moved around him to see what was going on. Jackson grimaced at her. It was nice that he was trying to protect her, but she wanted to see what was happening.
“Please tell me it’s not because you think Aidan’s hot.” Morgan’s voice drifted to her left.
Sophie’s lips turned up in a wry grin. “No.”
“Thank God.”
Aidan jerked his hands and the fire formed into balls of flames. He let them lift off and speed toward the creature. The smell of burnt flesh and scales permeated the room as the fireballs struck it in the chest.
The strength of the blow caused it to stumble back a few feet and shriek in pain.
When it found its balance, it unerringly located Aidan. Once it had its prey locked on, the creature cocked his head to the side.






Chapter Three


“Does it die?” Panic bubbled in Sophie’s chest. The creature stared at Aidan.
“Why are we waiting around to find out?” Morgan’s voice echoed off the walls of the empty library.
“What are you worried about?” Jackson fisted his hands. “It can’t even see you.”
Out of the corner of her eye Sophie saw Tristan sitting with his back against a wall. Lilli leaned against him, her skin nearly translucent. Lilli’s weakness reached out and swirled at Sophie. It didn’t seem like her friend had enough energy to move.
The creature grabbed Aidan by the neck and lifted his feet off the floor.
“Stop it.” Sophie’s heart hammered in her chest. The creature pinned her with its gaze.
Tasty. A voice hissed into her mind, preceding a darkness so horrifying she almost fell to her knees. The creature realized it didn’t want Aidan anymore and hurled him into a row of bookcases, which fell to the floor like dominoes.
The creature advanced on her with his claws outstretched. Fear threatened to suffocate Sophie. A woman’s laughter echoed in her mind the closer it got. God, it’s tall, Sophie thought. She had to crane her neck back to see it fully. Her legs wouldn’t listen to her mind’s command to move and her vision shifted to the premonition from the night before. Chains clinked together in the distance and heat blasted her.
“Get away from her!” Books flew out of thin air.
The shrill voice knocked Sophie out of her trance. She backpedaled fast. Books continued to fly. “Morgan?”
The air shimmered next to Sophie. “Don’t think this changes anything. I still think you’re a freak.”
“Whatever.” Thank God Morgan had broken her trance. Who knows what could’ve happened had the creature reached her. Aidan lay on top of one of the bookcases. Blood ran down his face and dripped onto his black clothes. “We have to get to Aidan.”
“I don’t see that going well.” Morgan solidified and stood over Sophie.
The creature growled low in its throat. Its wings spread wide, blocking Aidan from their view and its scales undulated in excitement. It prepared to pounce, red eyes locked on Sophie.
This is it, she thought. The end, I’m going to be attacked by a scaly man-thing eager to eat my flesh.
The creature launched.
She shut her eyes, not wanting its ugly face to be the last thing she saw.
"Sophie!" Lilli's voice shattered Sophie's fear.
Gunshots echoed through the library. Bullets tore into scales, halting the creature's flight, and sent it back several feet. The creature roared in anger, white smoke billowing from the wounds. Another shot nailed it between the eyes.
At the sound of one more shot Sophie's eyes snapped open.
The creature staggered back, hit the wall, and slid to the floor. It morphed to human form.
"It's dead, Demetri."
Thoughts galloped through Sophie's mind. One would barely end before another began, coming so close together she was sure it was all one continuous stream. She couldn't stop staring at the body. It took a second to tear her gaze away from the creature and turn her face to the entrance. Another jolt of shock ran though her when she saw Professor Whittaker and a security guard standing side by side. They both lowered their guns. Sophie was sure she'd seen the security guard around campus lately.
"I didn't think they'd attempt an attack so soon after we got them together." Whittaker tucked the gun in her jacket. She stepped over the bookcases with precise movements.
Demetri, the security guard, walked to the body and examined it. He moved with warrior-like grace, silent and stealthy. In Sophie's shock she seemed to notice random things about him. He was tall, with short, dark hair and darker eyes.
"What are you talking about?" Morgan shimmered back into visibility next to Aidan. He struggled to sit up and the cut above his eye bled harder.
Jackson went straight to Lilli and put an arm around her shoulders. He helped her walk over to Aidan and Morgan, keeping her close to his side. Tristan helped Sophie stand before they, too, joined the others.
Professor Whittaker smiled and gave them a nod of approval.
Police sirens wailed in the distance.
“I called the police, so we have to make this quick. I’ll slip you instructions in class Friday.” Whittaker saw their disbelieving faces. “Trust me, you’ll want to hear what we have to tell you.”
Demetri came up behind them. When he spoke, Sophie started. “Do not tell the police what happened here.”
“Like they’d believe us anyway.” Aidan glanced at the wreckage of the library. He paled. “What was that thing?”
“Tell the police that Demetri ran in as he heard you scream, Sophie. Demetri shot the man when he aimed at you.” Whittaker pulled out the gun and wiped it clean with something that smelled strongly of alcohol, then wrapped the dead creature’s newly human fingers around it.
“How do you want me to explain this?” Aidan gestured to his cut.
Demetri looked Aidan over. “You tried to stop the man but he was too tough for you.”
Aidan’s smile slipped. “The thing had scales. How do you fight that?”
“Enough questions. The police are here.”
Professor Whittaker snuck out the back and Sophie watched her go with dread. She had a hard time reconciling the sunny professor with the gun toting woman who shot down a creature without blinking.
Demetri yelled out to the police that the threat had been cancelled and the police ran in, shouting for the kids and Demetri to put their hands on their heads. Sophie complied, terrified of being arrested even though she knew she hadn’t done anything wrong.
A few of the officers patted Sophie and the others down while the rest searched the library. When the library was secured the police shouted, “Clear!” and allowed the kids to stand normally.
A pretty detective tucked her gun back into its holster. She surveyed the mess in the room and the unmoving body before giving out orders to the other officers.
Sophie peered sidelong at their attacker. The man didn’t stir and still she shivered. She remembered what the creature had projected into her mind.
Tasty.
Tristan moved closer. He didn’t put his arm around Sophie, like Jackson did Lilli, but his presence helped just the same. It made her strong enough to stave off the thoughts and essences streaming from the cops. She knew she was beginning to shake but couldn’t help it.
“Split them up so we can question them.” The pretty detective said. “And have the paramedics get in here.” She motioned to Aidan. “We need to get that head wound bandaged.”
Sophie followed a tall, lanky guy in glasses to a recently upturned table close to the charred sheetrock. He pulled a chair out for her and waited until she sat before he walked off.
She stared at her shaking hands in disbelief. Even when she and Lilli had gotten lost in the woods when they were younger, her body hadn’t reacted like this. Her legs started bouncing rapidly and she grit her teeth together. She didn’t like that she couldn’t control herself.
The officers examined the body and Sophie could tell they didn’t see anything scaly or creature-like about it. The paramedics evaluated Aidan and the librarian, who was still unconscious. Sophie watched them load the woman on a stretcher and roll her out of the library.
Seconds later the college Dean marched in. She caught sight of the body and halted. Sophie thought she saw the woman’s lower lip tremble but when the Dean looked at Sophie her eyes were fill of determination.
“What is your name?” Dean West asked.
Sophie recited her name and waited for the Dean to speak again. She was a short, pudgy woman with a kind face and sharp eyes. Her graying hair was cut short and framed her face, making her seem like everyone’s favorite grandma but that didn’t mean Sophie was going to spill her guts to her.
“Are you okay, Ms. Lawrence?”
“Yes.” Sophie’s mind reeled. Images and thoughts flashed through her head. She couldn’t keep her eyes from straying to where Tristan sat, head in his hands. It took everything she had not to go and put her arms around him. He looked tired and she imagined he was in shock, just like her.
“I’m notifying the students tomorrow that the school will be closed until we figure out what is going on.”
That had Sophie snapping to attention. She felt like that would be the worst thing to happen. “You shouldn’t shut us down, Dean West. This isn’t your fault. Besides, the students need to stick together right now.”
“It happened on my campus to my students. That is fault enough.” West saw the detective eyeing Sophie. “It looks like the police are ready to question you. Are you feeling up to it?”
“Yes.” Sophie’s stomach clenched.
Dean West nodded the woman over. “She’s ready. Be easy on her, she’s just had a traumatic event.”
“I know how to do my job, ma’am.” The detective’s warm brown eyes filled with sympathy when she saw Sophie’s trembling hands. “I’ll go easy.”
Dean West dipped her head crisply and left them.
Sophie didn’t know if she’d be able to lie. It wasn’t a habit she was into and she certainly didn’t have enough practice. Hopefully the detective would chalk it up to distress.
“I’m Detective Ashley Roland.” She took a seat in the chair nearest Sophie and pulled a pen and small notebook from her brown bomber jacker. It was only after she had the pen poised to write that she looked up at Sophie.
Sophie knew what she waited for but it didn’t make it any easier for her to describe the evening just like Whittaker told her to. More than once she paused. Roland seemed to take it as if Sophie tried to hold off a nervous breakdown and for that she was grateful.
“Did the man say why he attacked?” Roland showed no sign that she thought Sophie lied.
“No.” Sophie moistened her dry lips. “He was crazy, talking about getting a prize for kidnapping the six of us.” She caught that much from the thousands of images that flitted through his mind before his death.
Roland cocked his head to the side. “Anything specific?”
“No.” Flashes of the other victims rose in her mind and she squished her eyes shut to try and block them out.
“Did he say anything else? About the other students? If they were alive? Where they were being kept?”
“No. Sorry.” Sophie rubbed her temples. A small headache started to form. All she wanted to do was crawl into her bed and pretend none of this ever happened.
Roland took her cue. “Thank you for your time.”
The moment she left Tristan crossed the room. His worried eyes scanned her face. “You look tired.” He shoved his hands in his pockets and sighed. “Are you okay?”
“I’m not the one who was shot.” Sophie whispered through her teeth. She had no idea why she was so angry.
“I’m fine.” He rubbed the back of his neck and Sophie watched the play of his muscles. His gaze met hers briefly but she couldn’t mistake the intensity. “Thanks to Lilli.”
She nodded, not able to think of anything to say, and immediately searched her friend out. The others were still being questioned. They watched that in silence for a few minutes.
“Dean West wants to send us home for a while.”
“No!” Sophie objected. She turned to him. “We shouldn’t be separated right now.”
“My thoughts exactly.”
“That’s crazy.” Sophie shoved the hair out of her face. Whatever that creature was, it wanted them pretty badly. Who knew if there weren’t more out there searching for them at this very moment? If they were separated, they would be easier targets.
Tristan placed a hand on the small of Sophie’s back. “Let’s go see the others.”
Lilli threw her arms around Sophie. She tightened her embrace and sniffled. “God, I was so scared.”
Sophie hugged her friend back. She tried to block out the terror and shock Lilli felt. “Me, too.”
Jackson stood behind Lilli. He glanced around at the officers, his chocolate eyes narrowing. “Let’s go somewhere we can talk.”
“We can go to our dorm.” Sophie offered. Lilli pulled back to stand next to Jackson. Sophie could feel his burning need for privacy. “We just need to wait on Morgan and Aidan.”
“I’m here.” Aidan walked up. “I’ll go get Morgan.” The cut on his forehead had a small, square bandage taped over it. Drops of dried blood covered the front of his shirt. “I’ll need to change.”
“We all do.” Tristan glanced at everyone’s clothes.
Aidan agreed absently, his attention caught by Morgan. “I’ll be right right back.”
Morgan sat on a bench, alone, on the far side of the room. She reminded Sophie of a wilting flower, all of her energy drained out by the darkness surrounding them. Morgan shook her head and Sophie watched Aidan’s face fall.
He trudged back over to them. Sophie placed a hand on his shoulder.
After a few minutes Detective Roland told them it was okay for them to leave. “Just remember to be careful. Always lock your dorm rooms and never go anywhere alone. If you’re going to leave town, please give me a call. We may need to speak with you again.”
Sophie silently prayed that this would be the end of it. She didn’t want to ever see another creature like that again.


Chapter Four


Once they were far enough away from the library they huddled together to discuss their plans.
“We can shower and then meet at the girls’ dorm.” Jackson sniffed at his clothes. “I smell like smoke and,” he sniffed again, “sulfur.”
“Us, too.” Tristan looked down at Sophie. His eyes held a teasing light.
Her lips twitched. It surprised her that he could make her want to smile despite the fact that she felt like her mind was breaking into a million pieces. “The only problem is how late it is. It’s after co-ed hours.”
“Yeah, how are we going to get past the dorm supervisor?” Aidan asked. “She probably won’t let us in.”
Sophie bit her lip. They needed to talk about what happened but they didn’t have anywhere else to go.
“Is your dorm near the front or the back? Does it have a window?” Jackson’s smile was wicked.
“Front and yes.” Lilli shivered against a cold wind that blew past them.
“I have an idea. Guys, meet me at the back of their dorm in half an hour. Lilli, open the window when you hear us knocking.”
“Jackson, we’re on the fifth floor.” Sophie couldn’t help but point out. She shook her head at his wide smile.
“Don’t worry. I got this.”
After explaining to the dorm supervisor why they were late the girls took turns showering and making sure no trace of their night remained. When they were done they met in the living room and waited.
Sophie sat on the couch and glanced at the window every few moments. “This is so weird. We’ve finally met people who are like us. I knew when we met them in class that there was something about them, it hit me hard that we somehow were connected, but I didn’t realize they had gifts, too.”
“I know.” Lilli’s smile spread across her face like sunshine. “Isn’t it awesome? How do you think we all have these gifts? Is it from God? Were we just born this way?”
“I don’t know. Professor Whittaker seems to know enough about us. Maybe she can answer that question.” Sophie wrapped her arms around her knees and set her chin on the top. The wasn’t shaking anymore and the echoes from when the creature had dissipated, leaving a sharp headache behind.
Something pinged against the window. It paused then started again. Pebbles hit the window.
Lilli stood, crossed the room, and peeked outside. “It’s them.” She unlocked the window, slid it open, and came back to sit next to Sophie. “I don’t want to be in the way for whatever is about to happen.”
A second later a brown and white speckled bird flew in through the window. It circled above their heads and headed into their bedroom.
"Ouch!"
Sophie jerked her head back to the window.
Aidan hit his head on the sill. "Jackson!" He floated into the room. His body hovered over the ground before whatever invisible force held him disconnected. He hit the ground face down and groaned.
"Sorry. I've never used it on another person before." Jackson came gracefully through the window and landed on his feet. He reached down a hand and helped Aidan up.
"I never let him do it to me." Tristan strolled in from the bedroom. He stopped at the doorway and stood with his hands on his hips. "It's too dangerous."
"You could have warned me. I thought we were friends." Aidan sighed. "I'm hungry."
Sophie blinked at the abrupt change of subject. "We can order a pizza or two."
"I know just the place." Aidan took a poll of what they liked on their pizza and grabbed the phone.
Sophie settled onto the couch and wrapped her sweater tighter around her. This whole situation made her edgy. She almost felt like Alice, diving into that hole, traveling to Wonderland.
Tristan and Jackson took the chairs situated on either side of the room and Aidan sat on the floor. Everyone stared at each other and tried to figure out what to say.
"That's it, I can't be quiet anymore." Aidan jumped up and began to pace. "I have finally found people who have gifts like I do. I'm not alone."
"Were you the only one who you knew with a gift?" Sophie asked. She glanced at Lilli and was grateful that she knew her. She couldn’t imagine growing up with this gift alone. Thankfully she had Lilli and her brother, Todd. Both had been rock steady support.
"Yes. There wasn't anyone else." Aidan ran a hand through his hair.
"Tristan and I grew up together." Jackson said. "We discovered our gifts at the same time."
"When was that?" Lilli asked.
"We were both five, I think, and were playing in the woods at the hunting camp." Tristan answered. "There were coyote cubs splashing in the river. I had this unbelievably strong urge to join them and the next thing I knew I was a coyote puppy."
"I was jealous." Jackson grinned at Tristan. "I wanted to turn into a puppy, too."
"Then the mother coyote returned. She didn't like Jackson standing so close. She went to attack and that is where Jackson discovered his telekinesis. It was like the coyote hit an invisible wall."
"Sophie and I were also five when we discovered ours. It was over my pet cat." Lilli shook her head. "Suki disappeared. I was heartbroken."
"I had a dream that Suki was attacked by a dog but was still alive underneath a neighbor's shed. I told Lilli the next morning and we went straight to the shed." Sophie smiled. "Lilli was so upset that her cat was hurt she started glowing. Like she had sunshine in her body."
"That's what you told me." Lilli laughed. "And I healed little Suki. It wasn't until a few years later I realized that I could heal humans, too."
They turned to Aidan. "It's your turn. How did you discover your gift?"
"I had a nightmare and burned down our house."
"What?" Sophie put a hand over her heart. Aidan's guilt still swallowed him from that incident. "It was a nightmare. You had no control over that."
"Was everyone okay?"
Aidan nodded. "It was just me and my mom. My dad left right after I was born."
Jackson's mental walls were a fortress in his mind. Sophie bit her lip to keep from questioning him about it.
"We all have these gifts and I feel like it's connected." Sophie told them.
"Do you think we should meet Professor Whittaker on Sunday?" Jackson stared out the window. Sophie knew he was halfway lost in a painful memory.
"Should we? I mean, what if it's a ploy to give us over to the government?"
They each looked at him.
Aidan put his hands up, palms out. "We'll worry about that if it happens."
"We should be careful in any case. What happened tonight isn't over." Pressure weighed her mind.
"That is so creepy how you said that." Aidan said. S omeone knocked on the door. "Your body and voice just went into dead mode."
"Thanks, Aidan." Sophie laughed. She couldn't help it when she saw Aidan's sheepish face. After grabbing the pizza from the delivery guy she brought it back into the living room. Lilli had already grabbed can Cokes and paper plates.
Aidan was the first to reach in and grab four slices.
"Hungry, Aidan?" Tristan grabbed his few.
"Always." Aidan spoke around a mouthful of bread and sauce.







Chapter Five


Sophie ate slowly. She picked at the pepperonis on her plate and watched the group. What did that creature want with six students? Her eyes swept over the group again. She was far from a warrior. A little taller than Lilli, she was still shorter than most people. With her gentle and petite form Lilli reminded most people of a pixie. Her green eyes never lied.
Aidan definitely had a fiery nature but that, and the punk rock look, belied his caring soul.
Tristan and Jackson were jocks. They both had muscular bodies and golden boy looks. With their gifts they could’ve fought that creature off.
She sighed and bit into a pepperoni.
“What did that thing want?” Lilli set her plate down. “Why did it come after us?”
“Our gifts.” Sophie pushed her plate away.
“Can I have that?”
Sophie smiled. “Yeah, I’m not going to eat it, Aidan.”
He swiped the food and put it in his mouth.
“How did it know about our gifts?” Tristan leaned forward.
Sophie’s mouth went dry. The fact that he could shape shift only enhanced his attractiveness to her. She licked her lips. “Um, I don’t know that much. But when he was yanking my hair I was connected to him.”
“Connected to him?” Jackson frowned.
“No, it wasn’t. But, I did figure out that he was behind the kidnappings of the students and that they are all dead. I’ve been turning in anonymous letters to the police with clues but they never followed them.” Tears formed in her eyes. She could see their mangled bodies. “They were used in some sort of ritual.”
The symbols carved into their flesh were seared into her brain. She forced the tears back. “He didn’t want us for a ritual, though. He wanted to turn us in.”
Lilli wrapped her arm around Sophie. “To who?”
“I didn’t get that far. An evil woman.”
“Maybe the professor knows who that woman is. I think it would be best if we met with her and the security guard. Figure this out. In the meantime, I think we should get some rest. We’ve had a long night.”
“That’s a good idea.” Jackson stood and gathered the paper plates while Lilli grabbed the empty Coke cans.
Sophie stood and passed Tristan his jacket. “Thanks.”
Tristan’s fingertips brushed hers and a shaft of heat traveled up her arm. Their eyes met and his darkened. Music rang in her ears and a vision of Tristan in black battle armor danced in front of her eyes. She blinked it away.
He pulled his hand back and slid the jacket on. Sophie watched for any sign that he’d seen the vision with her. She relaxed when he told them goodnight with no knowledge of it on his face.
Aidan hugged her before he followed Tristan out.
Lilli and Jackson stood by the door. Sophie smiled at them and headed into the kitchen. She put the empty pizza boxes in the garbage and heard Jackson speaking to Lilli. A few minutes later Lilli called her back into the living room.
“He’s so cute with that auburn hair and those dark eyes.” Lilli clasped her hands together and sighed. “Aidan’s cute too, especially the way he looks at Morgan. And I see the way you look at Tristan. He’s so intense.”
Sophie slumped down onto the couch and held her head in her hands. “Do you think they’re only being friendly because they have gifts like ours? And Jackson’s so quiet. Why is that?”
“If there’s a reason, I’m sure he’ll tell us once he gets to know us better.” Lilli sat next to her. “You don’t look so good.”
“My head is killing me.” Sophie rubbed her temples. “It’s been like this ever since…you know… the thing attacked us.”
“Hmm.” Lilli shrank into the couch. “You don’t think there are more, do you?”
Sophie shook her head and lied, “No. What are the chances of that?” She prayed Lilli would believe her. Her friend didn’t need to stay up all night worrying that something else would attack them. “Besides, you saw that security guard. He took that thing out.”
Lilli twirled her ponytail around her fingers. “Yeah.” She sat up. “Let me heal your headache.”
“No. You used your gift to the point of exhaustion earlier. I’ll just take something to relieve it.” Sophie summoned up a small smile. “We should get some sleep.”
“Okay.” Lilli stood and stretched, letting out a yawn. “But if the meds don’t work, promise you’ll let me help.”
“Promise.” Sophie waited until Lilli went to bed before she walked into the kitchen and reached for the nighttime cold medicine. She poured the green liquid onto a spoon. As soon as the medicine touched her tongue, her stomach roiled. She rushed to the bathroom and heaved.
After brushing her teeth, Sophie crawled into bed. Never had she felt this worn out. Being attacked by a scaly man-thing might do that to you, she thought to herself. She pulled the covers up to her shoulders.
Adrenaline still coursed through Sophie’s body. Every time she closed her eyes she saw that thing pouncing, ready to devour her. Sophie forced her eyes to remain shut and breathed slowly in through her mouth. After a second she exhaled. Bit by bit her muscled relaxed.
Slowly a vision formed.
Sophie recognized the feelings that went with a vision but this time it felt like more. Like a memory. She wore a green medieval style dress that flowed around brown riding boots. The place, the dress, the body—it was all familiar. Somehow she knew she was in the tombs beneath a temple. Shadows bounced off the stone walls and as she watched them she also recognized the emotions this place evoked.
Terror. Grief.
Despite the heavy cloth of her dress, she was cold. Not just goose bumps cold…bone chilling, teeth chattering cold. It wasn’t the temperature of the air but the atmosphere around her.
“Sofrina, there you are.”
Sophie whirled around, a hand at her throat. Her other self recognized the man standing there. Her cheeks grew warm as memories surfaced of just how well she knew him. Sophie faded into the background of their shared consciousness.
Sofrina sighed. “Thane.”
“You are late.” Thane took her hand and Sophie sensed Tristan’s essence in it. He led her through the catacombs at a pace that made her stumble, his black battle armor was stained with blood. The rips in the sides of the metal caused her instant alarm.
Sofrina’s heartbeat sped up when his fingers curled more tightly around hers. “I was lost. It isn’t every day that I find myself down here.” She ignored the freshly placed tombs and the smell of new dirt and focused on the back of Thane’s head.
All those people, dead. The grief swelled up and Sophie almost took back control.
Thane took her through a series of twists and turns in the tombs before leading her down a stairwell and into a circular chamber. There stood the others, all dressed in the same type of clothes, all wearing different faces but in each she could sense her friends’ essences.
“We thought…” Lilah crossed the room and grabbed her hands, choked back a sob.
Sofrina smiled at her friend and absorbed some of her worry. Lilah leaned back slightly. “You are soaked.”
“Apparently the Demoness knows what we are about.” Ash sat on the edge of a crumbling pillar. “She’s commanded the skies against us. We have to hurry if we are going to do this.”
“Are we certain this is what we want to do?” Morgana rubbed a hand down her face. “We will be leaving our people to a life of servitude to that demon.” She clenched her fists at her sides. “It is not fair.”
“What people, Morgana? If they resist her, they die. Have you forgotten how many we buried just yesterday?” Sofrina paced. Her boots slipped on the stone floor. “If they decide to worship her they become soulless…husks who have no true mind of their own. No, our people are gone.”
“We have no other choice, Morgana.” Ash held out his hand to her. After a pause she took it. “We are not abandoning them.”
“It seems as if we are.”
Julius, who stood quietly in a corner, pushed off from the wall to come to Lilah’s side. “What we do tonight is for the greater good.” He shook his head. “I am sure of it.”
Sofrina was running on empty, as the others were, and didn’t have enough strength to fight the groups’ rising emotional tide.
A light flickered in the stairwell. It washed over the tombs and then the walls of the chamber.
Sofrina tensed. The men pushed the women behind them.
“Who is it, Sofrina?” Julius asked. The light flickered.
Mentally she reached out to determine if the person had ill intent. Her mind brushed the familiar one of High Priest Harold’s.
“It’s Harold.”
Thane’s muscles uncoiled.
Sofrina’s didn’t. She knew their destiny came to greet them.
A few seconds later Harold appeared in the doorway. He leaned against the wall and wiped sweat from his forehead with a tattered cloth. He barked out a dry cough and limped closer.
“The dark makes me nervous.” Harold set his bag on a nearby tomb. Sofrina heard the faint music of glass clinking together.
“Us as well.” Lilah grabbed his hand and helped him to take a seat on a stone slab. When she released his hand some of his color returned.
“Thank you, milady.” Harold bowed his head. “We must hurry.” He swallowed and wiped his forehead again. “She is on to us.”
“How did she find out?”
Harold shook his head.
“Then we must do this now before she arrives. The fate of the world depends on what we do here.” Julius stepped forward and picked up the bag. He reached in and passed the corked bottles to his friends.
Sofrina’s hand shook as she wrapped icy fingers around the bottle. Her gaze met Thane’s. I love you.
I love you. Thane’s voice caressed her mind.
“This will be quite painful. It’s a very powerful spell that separates your souls from your bodies. It’ll keep you in the in between until it is time for the last battle. Then your souls will be reborn with no knowledge of this life.” Harold explained.
Sophie felt a chill on the back of her neck. It wasn’t cold and it didn’t feel like the hair on the back of her neck was standing up. It was strange and frightening at the same time. Sofrina didn’t feel it and that made Sophie more aware.
That’s when she saw him.
He stood in the shadowed corner of an upright tomb. She couldn’t make out his features but knew he stood there like this was something he witnessed every day. His essence was unlike anything she’d felt before. He sucked every bit of emotion from the room.
His head turned toward her. Sophie could tell he knew she was there inside Aediva. The torchlight flickered and she saw the lower half of his face. Luscious lips curved upward in a smile.
Then he was gone.
“We couldn’t have picked a better place to do this.” Ash stared down at the bottle in his hands.
His words brought Sophie back to the reality at hand.
“Ash.” Morgana’s eyes took in the tombs surrounding them. “This is no time to be playful.”
In Sofrina’s mind, Sophie could see the Demoness riding hard through the city streets for the Temple, priestess robes fluttering behind her like sails.
“She is coming.” Sofrina’s harsh whisper spurred them into action. Her fingers wrapped around the cork and hesitated. Would the spell work or would they only die painfully and not accomplish what they needed?
There was no time to question what they had to do. She pulled the cork out and let it roll off her fingertips. It hit the ground and rolled to a stop where Sophie spotted the man standing in the shadows.
Sofrina watched the others lift the bottles to their lips as she did. Her heart thumped in her chest and her skin flushed. She tilted the bottle up and downed the dark green liquid in two gulps. Her eyes watered and she gasped. It burned down her throat and settled heavy in her stomach.
“That was horrible.” Lilah furrowed her brows at the bottle.
“How long should it take?” Ash set his empty bottle on the stone slab. “I would hate for the Demoness to make her way here before it is done.”
“Only a few moments more. I was assured that it would work rather quickly.” Harold was still seated on the stone slab. Tears fell down his ruddy cheeks. “I wish it would have turned out differently for us.”
Sofrina noticed the prickly sensation behind her ear first. It started as a little tickle and evolved into a bee sting. She reached up and tried to rub it away. It spread down her neck, leaving a trail of fire, and consumed her body. She couldn’t stop shaking. A jagged arc of lightning shot through her skull and her teeth clamped down on her tongue.
She cried out in agony. Thane reached for her with shaking hands.
Her knees gave out. She could hear the cries and moans of her friends. Lights swirled in a mocking dance before her eyes. The dusty stone floor was arctic compared to her burning flesh. A sharp cramp twisted her stomach and she vomited. Just when she was sure she couldn’t take any more, she collapsed in the reeking puddle before her and closed her eyes.
Sophie floated above, released from the body. Six beautiful strands glided out from each body. They wove together in a graceful dance before they disappeared.
The chamber stilled.






Chapter Six


Throughout the rest of the week Sophie mulled over the latest vision. She wanted to share it with Lilli but decided against it. It was unbelievable. The six of them living a past life and fighting a demon priestess? Using a spell to suspend their souls until it was time for them to come back?
Mind-boggling.
Which also meant that if they were back, then it was time for the last battle.
Sophie dismissed that thought quickly. It was too terrifying to dwell on. She wasn’t lying when she’d told her brother, Todd, that she hoped she’d never lay eyes on that woman.
Right now she followed Lilli into Jack’s, a small diner off campus. It was nice to get into the warmth and out of the mind-of-its-own weather and when they walked in they saw other students shared the same idea.
There were people in almost every checkered booth and table and more than a few lining the bar in the back. A petite, dark haired hostess handed them each a menu and lead them toward the only remaining booth. It was situated to the left of the bar and near the bathrooms, which were labeled JACKS and JANES.
They thanked the hostess and they sat down.
Since she already knew what she was going to order, Sophie set her menu down. Jack’s chicken strips and French fries always made her day and she counted on them to brighten her mood now.
“What do you think they need to tell us?” Lilli asked. She twirled the end of her pony-tail, a nervous habit she’d had since they were kids..
They being Ruth and Demetri. The truth was due at seven o’clock that night, an hour and half from now.
 “I hope there aren’t any more creatures after us.” Lilli continued.
Sophie didn’t know how to answer that. “What are you going to order?”
“A salad.” She grimaced. “I don’t know if I can handle anything heavy.”
Sophie wondered if she could. Anxiety settled in the pit of her stomach and threatened to bloom. “Do you think the others will be there?”
Lilli shrugged. “It’s possible. I can’t even pretend to predict what Morgan will do.”
“She’s a mystery, that’s for sure.”
The waitress approached their booth and Sophie was pleased to see it was Katie. The red head beamed and winked at them. “Haven’t seen you two in a while. I heard what happened at the library.”
Sophie watched Lilli pale. “Yeah, it all happened so fast.”
“Well, I’m glad you’re okay.” Katie seemed oblivious to the panic on the girls’ faces and set a glass of sweet tea in front of both of them. “What are you going to order today?”
Sophie told her their orders and waited for Katie to head toward the kitchen. She looked around again to make sure no one listened. No one was, everyone concentrated on their own conversations. Satisfied, she glanced back at Lilli. “Everyone knows about the library. That can’t be a good sign.”
Lilli took a sip of her tea. A little bit of color returned to her face. “No, not everyone. Katie probably knows because her best friend works in the library, remember?”
Sophie shook her head. “Yeah, I forgot that. I just feel paranoid now.”
“I hope Jackson will be there.”
“He will.” Sophie was sure Jackson would follow Lilli into hell if she asked him to. “They have as much riding on this as we do.”
“Who do you think Ruth and Demetri really are? And why do you think the address leads to a church?”
Sophie shrugged. “Maybe they’re from the Vatican?”
Lilli giggled. “Nah. I don’t think they look like the Vatican type.”
Katie set their food down on the table. “I brought you ranch dressing. That okay?”
Lilli nodded, “Thanks, Katie. Hey, did you ever get into med school?”
“My interview was last week. They say it takes a few weeks to hear an answer, so cross your fingers.”
“Crossed.” Lilli smiled and held up her crossed fingers.
“She’s so excited.” Sophie bit into her chicken. It tasted like heaven.
“I would be, too.” Lilli poured the ranch dressing around in swirls on her salad.
A small pang hit Sophie. She swung her attention back to Katie and concentrated for a moment. All she could sense was happiness and laughter bubbling out of their waitress.
“We should hurry. I don’t want to be late for what may be the most important meeting of our lives.” Lilli took another bite.
Sophie mimicked her. “Yeah, you’re right.”
When they were done Sophie left a generous tip on the table.
“She’ll need that.” Lilli bundled back up in her pea coat and slid her gloves on.
Sophie slid her own jacket and gloves on when Lilli took the check to the register and paid. There was a shiver on the back of her neck and she fought to keep from staring around the room to see if something was here. She didn’t want to worry about it. Not right now when there were more dangerous things to be concerned with.
They headed back into the cold rain and Sophie sighed. She could breathe easier without being in such a large group of people. She pulled her hood up over her hair. She’d straightened it with the hopes that Tristan would notice but hadn’t really thought about the rain.
So much for trying.
Morgan would probably look great, as usual. The rain probably didn’t fall on her pretty little head.
“What was that?” Lilli turned her head to look at Sophie. They stood under the plastic cover at the bus stop.
Sophie wasn’t aware she’d muttered her thoughts aloud. “Oh, nothing.”
Lilli jostled up and down to keep warm. Her green eyes implored Sophie to keep talking
“Why is Morgan such a witch? It’s not like I did anything to her.”
“God, where is the bus? Sophie, I don’t know what makes her that way. You’re the empath, not me. She didn’t look happy when Professor Whittaker handed her the directions. I’ll be surprised if she shows.”
Sophie was ashamed to admit she hoped the girl wouldn’t. Morgan knew Tristan, liked him, and that made Sophie’s skin crawl. The vision popped in her mind again. The bus rolled to a squeaking stop in front of them and they loaded on. Suddenly all she could think of was when Thane took Sofrina’s hand. The memories that had surfaced of the two of them.
“What’s on your mind? You’re being quiet again.” Lilli led her to two seats near the front.
There were more passengers this time but most of them were asleep. Sophie didn’t have to worry about their emotions right now. She only had to worry about her own. “Nothing.” She lied.
Lilli frowned. “Whatever. If you don’t want to tell me, you don’t have to.”
“Lilli, it’s not like that. Just give me some time to sort this out.”
“Promise you’ll tell me when you’re ready?”
“Promise.” Sophie held two of her fingers up.
“That’s a peace sign, Sophie.” Lilli smiled. “You were no girl scout.”
By the time they got off the bus the rain had tapered off to a drizzle but Sophie’s breath clouded in front of her. She and Lilli walked the block to the address Whittaker had given them. It was dark enough to creep her out with only the street lamps lighting their way.
“I really don’t like the dark.” Lilli put her arm through Sophie’s and yanked her closer. “It’s so creepy out here.”
Sophie glanced around and agreed. The sidewalks were uneven and weeds sprouted up in between the cracks. Litter clung to the streets and a group of men stood outside a rundown building covered in graffiti. They huddled in a circle, all dressed in ripped and stained clothing.
The girls picked up their pace.
Sophie didn’t know if this was what alerted the men to their presence, or if they’d already known the girls were there. And alone.
The smallest one made a crude gesture to the others and the group erupted into catcalls and laughter.
“Sweetie, where you going in such a hurry?”
Sophie heard the small one’s voice when he called out. The undercurrent in his tone sparked fear in her and his muddy spirit rose to envelop her. No one was around to hear them scream. The old, condemned buildings shielded them from the eyes of the people on the next street. Sophie reached for Lilli’s hand and pulled her faster along.
“Hey!” The man, obviously the leader by the way the others mimicked his actions, yelled louder. Like if they heard him, they’d stop and have a nice chat.
Sophie felt his intent change. Now that they’d ignored him, he was angry. His essence extended toward them on black, skinny tendrils. She ran with her head turned to keep an eye on the men.
“Can we?” One of the men asked.
The short man took a last puff on his cigarette and discarded it. His foot stomped down, extinguishing it, then he nodded to his friends.
The men shot forward.
Lilli screamed. Her eyes widened when she saw how fast the men ran. Their footsteps pounded on the sidewalks.
Two of the men crossed the street to stay behind them. The other three crossed the street a few yards ahead of the girls.
Sophie’s breath burned through her lungs like fire. The men caged them in. Hunted them. Their anger rolled over her, making her stomach clench. She and Lilli skidded to a halt, there was no where for them to go. Horror seared her. Sophie could see the church now, only half a block past the small, crude leader.
Lilli tightened her hold on Sophie’s hand but stayed silent. Sophie could feel the thread of panic twisting from Lilli’s arm to hers.
The night closed in around Sophie. She watched the three men come to a stop in front of them.
“Didn’t your mother teach you that it ain’t polite to ignore someone?” The leader came closer. A long, red scar ran down the side of his face. He smiled and flashed several gold teeth.
The men around him laughed.
Sophie glanced back and saw the two behind them move in. They were much larger than their boss, with tattoos that covered more than half their bodies. Underneath their tough exteriors they feared the small man.
They were terrified of him.
Which meant he was extremely lethal to have earned the fear of men much larger than himself.
Sophie’s heart beat painfully in her chest. She turned back around with a new terror and locked her eyes on the small man. She wanted to keep his attention on her and away from Lilli.
The night was quiet around them. No one answered Lilli’s scream from before and Sophie knew they were on their own.
The small man stared back. Then he looked over her shoulder and nodded.
Rough hands grabbed her arms and shoved her forward. She stumbled in front of the leader and fell to her knees.
“Right where I like my bitches.” He cackled. The sound made the hairs on her neck stand on end.
Sophie’s lungs constricted.
This man had killed many, many people in his lifetime. Their screams and horror filled her. He’d have no problem squeezing the life out of them.
Sophie had to keep his attention on her. She forced herself to look into his eyes.
They were dead. No emotion poured forth and that scared her more than hearing the victims scream inside her head.
He was unmerciful.
She started to shake. There was no way out of this. The irony of the situation hit her. They’d survived a demonic attack only to be killed by a human.
“Such freaky eyes.” He grabbed her chin and leaned closer.
Sophie didn’t let on that his fingers squeezed a little too tight or that his touch scorched her skin. More of his memories spilled into her mind and clouded her thinking. There were so many girls. She wanted to throw up when she saw what he did to them. Forced them to pleasure him before he raped and murdered.
Lilli shrieked. Sophie jerked her chin out of his hand and looked back at her friend.
One of the men held Lilli around the waist. His chest pressed up against her back and he rubbed himself on her. The other sniffed at the base of her neck.
Bile rose in Sophie’s throat. “Leave her alone!” She leaped toward them.
A brutal hand closed around her arm.
“No!”
The leader jerked her. Her body snapped back like a rubber band. The flow of her hair covered her face for a moment.
“You aren’t going anywhere.” He hissed in her ear and tightened his arms.
The movement brushed the hair out of her face.
Breath caught in her lungs.
Tristan stalked out of the shadows. His eyes burned with rage. He wasn’t as large as the men holding Lilli but his body moved with the deadly precision of a jungle cat.
Jackson wasn’t far behind. He towered over the thugs handling Lilli. His angelic face seethed with righteous anger.
Tristan growled low in his chest. He balled his fist and threw it over her shoulder.
Bone crunched in her ear. The leader let go of her with a painful gasp.
Sophie wrenched herself away from the small man and looked for Lilli. She saw Jackson use a small mental push to knock three of the thugs back.
Aidan arrived and helped Lilli up. He pushed Lilli behind him and eyed the man advancing on him. Fire burst over his sleeves. Aidan hesitated and horror flared on the man’s face.






Chapter Seven


Tristan held the small man up by his collar. He shook the guy, muscles rippling in his arms. Tristan’s anger pulsing through him. He looked every bit as lethal as the animals he could turn into.
“Please. I wasn’t going to hurt her.” The guy looked over Tristan’s shoulder at Sophie. She could hear the scuffle going on behind her and knew that Aidan and Jackson were taking out the rest of the group. “Didn’t mean any harm. Just having fun.”
Tristan growled louder. His eyes changed to their green-yellow.
“Christ, I’m sorry.”
“Just let him go.” Sophie whispered, tired of this. All she wanted to do was get far away from the men and their darkness.
She moved closer to Tristan and placed a hand on his arm. The muscles jumped beneath her palm and heat spiked through her body. She did her best to ignore it, and the terror quaking through her, instead focusing on how rigid his body was. “We should go. We don’t want to be late.”
Little by little the muscles in his body relaxed. He dropped the man.
The guy scurried backward until he hit the wall of a building.
Tristan looked down at her, his eyes going back to gray. “Are you okay?”
“Fine.” Now that he was here. Distantly, she could sense the thugs leaving.
“You girls are never coming here by yourselves again.” Aidan stood to the side as Jackson scooped Lilli up and murmured to her. “It’s not safe.”
“Thank you.” Sophie told them. “I don’t know what would’ve happened if you guys hadn’t came when you did.” Actually, she knew all too well. She reluctantly pulled away from Tristan. He kept a hand on the small of her back.
“No thanks needed.” Jackson took Lilli’s hand.
“I’m going to wait at the bus stop for Morgan. She shouldn’t be out here by herself.” Aidan glanced in the direction the men had fled.
“Okay. We’ll meet you inside.” Sophie didn’t think the men would come back there for any victims. Revenge, maybe.
Jackson and Lilli led the way. They walked close to each other.
Tristan walked next to her. His hands were in his jacket pockets and his hair ruffled in the wind.
Sophie saw his jaw clench. “Thank you.”
For a moment she thought he hadn’t heard her whisper.
“You’re welcome.” His voice was soft and he looked at her. Those gray eyes sent the cold out of her body. “Did he hurt you?”
Sophie shook her head. “Not really.” Thought a moment, then, “I saw the women he…what he did to them. It was horrible.”
“Will you dream about it tonight?”
“Probably.” They were almost to the church now. “But it won’t be the first time.”
They came to a stop at the church gates. A shadowy cathedral emerged to stare passively over an unkempt lawn. An iron fence that met at twin stone pillars protected the property.
“Creepy.” Sophie whispered. She noticed the pair of midnight blue gargoyles that glared down at them from their perches atop the pillars.
They stood in a line, staring through the gate at the hallowed grounds.
A raven cawed and landed on the tip of a gargoyle’s ear. It flapped its wings in agitation when they looked up at it.
Sophie could swear it looked directly at them when it pranced over the gargoyle’s head to the opposite ear. Chills shivered up her arms.
It gave one more screeching caw and lifted up into the air. It dove straight at them, the beat of its wings feverish.
The girls screamed and they ducked. The guys slung up their arms to protect their faces.
The raven screeched again, veering up and away from them.
Sophie watched it fly into the clouded darkness over the church. “Oookay.” She looked back at the others. “We going in or what?”
Jackson pushed at the gate. It slowly creaked open. He rubbed the rust on his hands off on his jeans.
“There’s no one around.” Sophie remarked. They walked up the cobblestone path. Wind whistled through the nearly naked trees lining the lawn. She almost thought she’d see several headstones off in a corner somewhere.
“It’s too quiet out here.” Lilli frowned.
The front entrance loomed in front of them. Two solid oak doors stood well above their heads. Smaller stained glass windows flanked the doors and wrapped around the corners of the building.
“Ready to do this?” Tristan asked. He didn’t wait for them to answer and stepped up to the doors.
Sophie’s stomach twisted. It wasn’t quite butterflies and it wasn’t nausea. She just felt something urged her to take the step forward.
Tristan said nothing when she brushed past him and opened the doors. He followed behind her, not making a sound.
The four of them entered the foyer.
“Wow.” Sophie allowed her shock to color her voice. “This is beautiful.”
“I’ve never seen anything so gorgeous.” Lilli spun around to take it all in.
The vaulted ceiling went three stories high. Painted across the ceiling was the depiction of Michael defeating Lucifer. Everything was open, with archways and floor to ceiling windows. The floor was hardwood and rustic looking, molding well with the burgundy walls and golden orange decorative pieces hanging on the walls. The room was lit with candles and a crystal chandelier that hung low over their heads.
The foyer itself was circular. There were three archways that led off to other rooms.
“I’m glad to see you came.”
Sophie started at the sound of Whittaker’s voice. She and the others turned around to see the professor dressed simply in a pair of jeans and navy sweater. She was much more beautiful without the straw hat and horned-rimmed glasses she wore in class. Her blonde hair shimmered in the candle light and her brown eyes were large and warm.
“Hello, Professor Whittaker.”
She laughed and motioned for them to follow her into one of the archways. “You can call me Ruth. It’s my real name.”
Sophie and the others glanced at each other before they followed.
“Just a guess, but you’re not really a professor, are you?” Sophie asked. They turned a corner. Tristan and Jackson strode behind the girls and remained quiet. Watchful. She was glad to have them at her back.
“What blew my cover?” Ruth questioned wryly. She opened a doorway and then preceded them down a flight of stairs. “Me, Demetri, and a few others work out of the basement here. Our organization owns the church.”
“What organization?” Tristan asked from behind. They came to a stop at the bottom.
Another door stood before them. It was solid black. In the center was a red sun surrounded by six golden stars.
“I’ll explain everything when all of you are here.” Ruth opened the door.
The room was not what Sophie expected. It didn’t look at all like an “organization” worked out of it. The four walls were a deep red with the symbol painted on each one. The floor was the same hardwood as the foyer and decorated with small rugs. In the middle of the room sat a table with several chairs. In each corner a shelf held books wrapped in ancient leather covers.
Demetri leaned against the table and brooded over a file. Even completely still he seemed full of force, like he could pounce in a moment’s notice. He looked up when he heard the door close behind them. The corner of his mouth turned down. Within seconds he went back to his reading.
“Don’t mind him. He’s trying to figure out who’s behind the kidnappings.” Ruth gestured for them to sit. “Are you thirsty?”
“Behind the kidnappings? I thought that the…thing…was behind it. It’s dead, right?” Sophie’s panic rose again. Her hands began to shake and she wanted to scream. Who lived like this, in fear all the time? A headache formed behind her right eye.
The guys shifted like they gathered up strength.
“Oh, he is dead. But there are more of them working on the kidnappings.” Ruth shared a look with Demetri and then a small bell pealed . “It seems someone else has arrived. Would you like something to drink?”
Sophie shook her head. There was no way she was going to keep anything down right now. More of those things were out there?
Tristan walked over to the table and pulled out a chair. His eyes met hers and he nodded at the seat.
She tried to contain her smile but couldn’t. Instead, she focused on Demetri. He moved away from them to lean against one of the book cases. A second later Lilli caught her eye and smiled knowingly.
Sophie shook her head. Soul mates didn’t exist. No matter that she felt this undeniable pull to Tristan or that her mind and body seemed to remember him from a time before they met.
Impossible.
Ruth swung the door open and allowed Morgan and Aidan to walk in ahead of her.
Morgan did look awesome in her outfit but there were dark circles under her eyes. Like she hadn’t slept in a few days.
Sophie immediately began to feel sorry for her. She understood what nightmares were like and how they could affect every part of a person’s life. Some of that pity evaporated when Morgan sat next to Tristan.
Demetri waited for Aidan to sit, then pushed off from the book case and passed the file to Ruth. He came to the front of the table and made sure he had everyone’s attention.
“Do any of you believe in demons?”
“What?!” Sophie coughed.
“Demons.” Demetri repeated like he taught a class of five year olds.
“Demons?” Morgan frowned. “I came all the way out here, practically against my will, and you talk about demons?” She stood and wrapped her cardigan tighter. “This is ridiculous.”
“What do you think attacked you the other night?” Ruth called out before Morgan could reach the door.
Morgan paused. She faced the door but Sophie felt her struggle. On one hand she thought this whole meeting was ludicrous and on the other she so badly wanted answers.
Sophie understood. She wanted those answers just as much, but demons? That was too horrific to consider. No one wanted to face that. “This is a little far out there.”
“This isn’t a joke.” Demetri spoke. He watched the guys.
Jackson and Tristan shared a glance. She could tell they seriously thought it over. Aidan leaned back in his chair. When she met his gaze he motioned for her to stay. To get those answers.
“After all that you six can do, how can you not believe in the possibility of demons?”
Tristan crossed his arms over his chest. “Why is one mutually exclusive to the other?”
“Saying that we believe you, which I’m not sure yet, start from the beginning. I’m still curious as to how you knew we had these gifts. I know we didn’t use them in the open.” Jackson spoke up.
Morgan slowly returned to her seat.
“We’re from an island that has existed for thousands of years. Over those years our people’s sole purpose has been to hunt demons and we’ve developed many ways to do it. In the beginning, though, we were peaceful. We farmed, we gathered. The only thing we hunted was game. Then a group was discovered and brought to the Queen who had amazing talents that we’d never seen before. An Oracle, a shape-shifter, a fire starter, a girl who could disappear at will, a healer, and a man who could move things with his mind.” Ruth said. Sophie felt a shift inside of her. She could sense all of this happening. The excitement and then deep, deep sadness. It opened an ache in her chest and she pressed a hand there to staunch it. “A princess from a neighboring island was found murdered on our sands. It started a war that devastated our land and theirs. Little did we know, the Demoness had possessed the body of a priestess and that she’d orchestrated the murder to split up the Guardians.”
“Demoness? Guardians?” Lilli’s eyes lit up. She always liked learning new things.
“You’re familiar with the story of Christ’s crucifixion? Judas hung himself on a hilltop and all his entrails fell to the ground?” They nodded. “The Demoness was born that night out of the shame and hatred Judas felt for himself and his blood seeped into the dirt.”
“Her name is Akeldama.” Ruth continued. Sophie began to sweat at the sound of that name. “And what she did after the war was truly the work of a malevolent creature.”
Flashes of blood and screams of terror rose in her mind. She shut her eyes against it, but the flow kept on coming. Faces and graves popped up before fizzling into darkness. Sophie reached her fingertips to her temples and prayed the pain would go away.
“The Guardians were given no other choice but to drink a potion that would separate their souls from their bodies. When Akeldama found that they escaped her, she viciously murdered the priest who’d helped them. She used his body as an example to the people of the islands.”
“Harold.” The priest’s face surfaced in her mind. Sophie remembered his limp from the vision.
“Yes. His name was Harold.” Demetri nodded. “The Demoness enslaved the people of the island. A rebellion started. The rebels escaped from the island and trained to become the Society we are today.”
“We believe that you are the six Guardians reborn. That means Akeldama is getting ready to strike and whatever it is, it’ll be big and involve millions of deaths.” Ruth finished.
“I just can’t believe what you’re saying is true.” Aidan tapped his fingertips on the table. His fingers warmed up and little soot marks appeared on the surface. “Demons? Reincarnation?”
Ruth continued on. “You are part of a prophecy to stop Akeldama from opening the Rift and letting Lucifer out. He was banished there years ago on the other side of the demon realm. If he’s released…well, you understand.”
Sophie knew she tried to reason with them but it wasn’t the right choice of words.
Tristan ran a hand down his face. He seemed tired, they all were, and the conversation seemed to push them over the edge. “Lucifer?” His voice lowered. “I have class tomorrow.”
He stood to leave. When he met Sophie’s gaze she joined him.
Ruth’s smile disappeared. The others all rose and gathered around the door.
Jackson turned the knob and gestured for Lilli to go first.
“They won’t stop hunting you. People are going to die because you won’t face your destiny!”
A heavy weight settled on Sophie’s chest and she kept close to Tristan. They made their way up the stairs and out of the church. It didn’t seem inviting now that they’d basically stated that the owners were cuckoo.
Still, the thought nagged her mind. What if every word they spoke was true? Would they be sacrificing innocent people because they didn’t believe? The man that attacked them in the library made a believable demon.
They stepped out onto the cobblestone path and cold air greeted them. The rain was gone but clouds settled low over the city.
When they passed the gates, Tristan stopped. His yellow eyes shone in the night. “Can you believe this? Demons? Lucifer? An ancient society who’s only purpose is to keep demons at bay?”
The others stopped at the frustration in his voice.
“If demons aren’t real then what attacked us the other night?” Jackson asked. He stood still against the gates. “It had scales and wings.”
“What if they’re telling the truth?” Lilli agreed. “Are we sacrificing innocent lives? Haven’t three students been kidnapped already?”
“You can’t be serious! Those students were not kidnapped by demons.” Morgan shook her head. “Demons do not exist!”
“If we’ve decided that we don’t believe, can we go home?” Aidan had his hands in his jacket pockets and his body hunched. The wind tried to ruffle the spikes in his blond hair. “I’m freezing.”
They started back toward the bus stop.
“We’ll find out soon enough anyway.” Aidan continued. They huddled around the bench at the bus stop. “Another girl will be kidnapped and we’ll know it was our fault.”Guilt hit Sophie and she stared at her feet. She remembered her dreams. The girls and the fear that bubbled out of them.
“Shut up, Aidan.” Morgan’s snapped.






Chapter Eight


Sophie tried to ignore the awkwardness of class the next day. She sat and doodled flowers all over her notebook. Lilli sat on her left side, chin resting on her hand, and eyelids drooped low. Aidan sat on her right, snoring softly with his head tilted back against the chair.
She wished she could fall asleep but figured that having visions and jolting awake would make people nervous. Instead, a flower garden cropped up on her paper. The sound of Ruth’s voice droned on and on and Sophie began to resent the fact that she was nothing like the gun toting woman from the other night.
Her thoughts turned to Tristan. Nothing could erase from her mind the way he looked when the guys had rescued them. That strength and fierceness was extremely attractive to her.
Ruth crossed the whiteboard. She moved slow and ungraceful, allowing her straw hat to tumble to the floor a few times. Every time it hit the ground the class groaned.
Sophie thought she played her part well. She definitely didn’t remind her of a demon-hunting assassin.
The darkness tickled the back of Sophie’s neck. It started slow at first and then became more urgent. More demanding. Chill bumps slid up her spine and then down her arms. Her stomach twisted.
Something was wrong.
She went to shake Lilli and the door to the classroom swung open.
The darkness flowed in, thick and heavy, and surrounded Sophie. The door smacked the wall behind it. Aidan and Lilli jumped in their seats.
Dean West stepped in and beelined for Ruth. The class started to come alive again.
“What is it, Sophie? You’re pale.” Aidan leaned over. “Is something wrong?”
Sophie nodded. She watched the dean whisper in Ruth’s ear. She couldn’t force herself to speak.
Ruth’s face never changed. The silence stretched out while Ruth waited for the dean to shut the door on her way out. Then she faced the class, pushed her glasses up her nose.
“I’m sorry to inform you that there is a mandatory meeting in the auditorium. Another student has been kidnapped.” Her eyes settled on Sophie, Aidan, and Lilli; then the others.
The classroom erupted into whispers.
Sophie’s stomach clenched.
Lilli gripped her arm. Her face lost all color and she shut her eyes. Like she could block out the truth.
Aidan grabbed her other hand and squeezed. His remorse snaked up her arm.
“Class, calm down. You are to go straight to the auditorium now. Dean West will explain more at that time.”
Sophie met Lilli’s gaze. What she saw in those green eyes mirrored her own.
Guilt.
They stood mechanically, grabbed their stuff, and followed the rest of the class out. Tristan and Jackson caught up to them when they exited the building.
Tristan put his arm around Sophie’s shoulders and looked down at her. “You okay?”
“You seem to be asking me that a lot lately.”
He nodded and pulled her closer. His warmth chased some of her fear away. She wanted to focus on being held by him for the first time, but she worried about who was kidnapped.
“It’s not our fault.” Jackson said to himself. Sophie noticed that his mental blocks stronger than ever. He shielded Lilli from the jostling bodies of their classmates.
Students spilled out of every building and herded into the auditorium. The crush of bodies was stifling and the whispers rose to a dull roar the nearer they got to it.
Morgan brushed by, following her friends. After they passed she glanced back, fear clear on her face.
Aidan winked at her and the fear melted into annoyance.
It seemed their destiny was no longer asked for them. It drafting them.
The dean already stood on stage, microphone attached to the lapel of her jacket. Sophie and the others pushed to seats near the middle. The lights were dim, giving the situation a more dire feel. It took only minutes more for the entire campus to fill the auditorium.
The dean cleared her throat and a hush settled over the student body. “As I’m sure most of you know by now, Katie Moore has officially been reported missing. The authorities are doing everything they can to help locate her and the three other students that have disappeared. I know that all of you are scared but we must remain calm.” She gestured to a line of security officers behind her. Sophie recognized Demetri’s stature in the line. Beside him, the other officers looked like rookie recruits. “These gentlemen are doing everything they can to assure your safety. In any case, the campus rules are as follows: One, no one is allowed to go anywhere at anytime alone. A group of three is the minimum.” Half the students groaned and the dean held up her hand for silence. “If you can’t find a group, these gentlemen will be happy to escort you. Two,” she held up two fingers, “there is a curfew of ten o’clock.”
“Katie?” Lilli whispered. Tears sprang to her eyes and leaked over. Jackson pulled her closer and whispered in her ear.
Sophie cried quietly in the darkness of the auditorium. Katie’s red hair and cheery face filled her mind.
A warm hand envelop hers.
 Tristan’s essence encircled her. She looked up into his face.
He rubbed the back of her hand with his thumb. “Did you know her?”
Sophie nodded since she didn’t trust her vocal cords to work. When she did, she said, “She was our waitress at Jack’s.”
Fear and anxiety welled up in the auditorium and Sophie fought hard to keep the emotions from overwhelming her. Everyone worried that they might be the next to disappear.
“Classes are dismissed for the day. I want all of you to return to your rooms and above all…be careful.”
Tristan didn’t let go of her hand when they stood and followed the herd of students out onto the campus.
Aidan stuck close to her other side, radiating unease and he glanced around to find Morgan.
Having them on either side of her helped to keep most of the emotions from the students at bay. It was nice not having to rely on herself for once.
Jackson and Lilli threaded through the crowd ahead of them. Sophie noticed that Jackson’s face hardened as he defended Lilli against the sway of people.
The quietness was unusual and eerie. The crowd passed the courtyard and then split off into the many different directions it took for everyone to get where they were going.
Sophie, Aidan, and Tristan caught up with Jackson and Lilli before they reached the dorms.
The guys walked Sophie and Lilli up to the door. Aidan stopped a few feet away to give them some privacy. He turned around, like he was the lookout, and leaned against the wall. Sophie could feel his awkwardness from where she stood.
“Are you sure you don’t want us to stay?” Jackson asked. He ran a hand down Lilli’s arm.
“No.” Lilli smiled weakly up at him. “I’m exhausted. I think I’m going to study for my biology exam and go to bed.”
Sophie unlocked the door. Tristan watched her pocket the keys and sighed. She knew she was pale and maybe a little disheveled, so she wished he’d look somewhere else.
It was almost too much. She could feel him close and wanted nothing more than to throw herself in his arms and be comforted, but her stomach pitched around from all the emotions of the scared students and faculty.
“Take my number, Lilli. I want to know that if you need me, you can reach me.” Jackson urged.
Lilli nodded and put it into her phone.
“We should all switch numbers. Just in case.” Aidan mumbled. He pushed off from the wall and joined them. “I’d hate for you girls to be caught alone again.”
Sophie hurriedly entered the guys’ numbers into her phone. It was only a matter of minutes before her breakfast made its reappearance and she’d prefer to be in the bathroom than out here in the hall.
She murmured her goodbyes and rushed into the dorm. In her hurry she didn’t notice the phone falling from her pocket.
Tristan started to go after her but Lilli placed a hand on his arm.
“She’s not feeling well. It’d be best if you left her alone for now.” Lilli frowned up at him. “You might embarrass her if you go in there.”
Sophie barely made it to the bathroom before all the excitement got the better of her and she vomited. The horror of the past week finally surfaced.
The creature, attacking them in the library.
The visions of the woman, evil and dark.
Katie, missing.
Faintly, she heard her phone ringing. The images flitted through her mind again but she forced them down. Her body ached. She stood and went to the sink and brushed her teeth.
“It’s your mom. Do you want me to tell her to call you back?”
Sophie looked over at Lilli, who stood in the doorway with concern in her eyes, Sophie’s cell phone in hand. “No, I’ll talk to her now.”
Lilli nodded and passed her the phone. “I’m going to go to the room and study a little.”
Sophie wondered how her friend could focus. Lilli looked shell shocked and tired. “Hey, Mom.” She spoke into the phone and walked into the living room.
“Sophie, darling, are you okay? Your dad and I saw the news.”
Sophie shut her eyes at the sound of her mom’s voice. Tears threatened to leak out. She sunk onto the couch. “There’s been another kidnapping.” She gripped the phone. “I knew her.”
“Oh, sweetie.” Her mom sighed. Her voice firmed. “I don’t think it’s safe for you there. I want you to come home.”
“I can’t leave.” Sophie spoke quickly. “Lilli’s here.”
“Lilli can come with you.”
Sophie knew, deep down, that leaving would be the worst thing to do. The group needed to be together, or at least near each other. They had to stick together. “Mom, I’m staying here. There’s more security now and we have a curfew. We can’t walk anywhere unless its in groups of three.”
Her mother exhaled loudly, then changed the subject. “Well, your coming home for Thanksgiving.”
“Of course, Mom. You know it’s like committing murder to miss a family dinner.” Sophie did smile at the thought of the commotion it would cause.
Her mother’s soft chuckle took some of the edge off of her panic. “Todd’s here. Do you want to talk to him?”
“Sure.” Sophie could tell her mom was worried and didn’t want to give up the phone but wanted the siblings to talk. Her mom may not share the psychic gift but she had her maternal instinct. She knew Sophie would have an easier time talking to Todd.
She heard her mom set the phone down and call to Todd. In the silence, she could hear the water running in the shower down the hall. Lilli must’ve had a hard time focusing on her biology book.
A few seconds later Todd’s voice came on the line. “Hey, sis.” He was silent for a moment and Sophie knew he gave their mom time to walk away. While she knew about Sophie’s gift she didn’t know that sometimes Sophie used it to track down bad guys. “Did another student go missing?”
“Yes.” Sophie fought tears again. “It was someone I knew.”
“The police haven’t done anything with your letters?”
Sophie wanted to hit a wall. “It’s like they don’t care. I don’t think they’ve even glanced at the letters.”
“I’m sure they’re trying.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. They would’ve done something about it.” Sophie realized how sharp her voice was and made an effort to soften it. She couldn’t treat Todd like that. “Look, I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”
“Meet any guys?”
Tristan’s face bloomed in her mind. She blushed. “No.”
“You hesitated. There is a guy, isn’t there?” Todd smiled on his end. “Bring him home so I can meet him.”
Sophie desperately wanted to tell him about everything. About Tristan’s gifts, the others, how she and Lilli weren’t as alone as she thought they were. But she couldn’t. It wasn’t her gift to share. “Todd, there isn’t a guy!”
“I’ll come visit you since your too embarrassed to bring him home.”
Sudden panic engulfed her. He couldn’t come anywhere near the creatures and the kidnappings. If anything happened to him…she couldn’t even think about it. “Guys aren’t interested in your little sister. I didn’t get the looks you did or your easy going personality. I got a gift that ruins relationships.”
“Are you still upset over Roman?” Todd bit out. “That little…”
“It was bound to happen. It was my fault, anyway.” Sophie ignored the ache in her heart.
“Shut up, Sophie.”
Sophie’s mouth snapped shut at the tone in his voice.
“Roman’s a boy who tried to look good in front of his friends. He isn’t worthy of you.”
“That’s sweet, but you’re my brother. You’re supposed to say stuff like that.”
Todd grunted. “Most brothers aren’t as nice as I am.”
Sophie laughed and it surprised both of them. “That’s true. I’m beat, brother of mine, so I think I’m going to bed. If I happen to meet a boy, I promise to call.”
“You better.”
***
It was dark. Sophie looked up and saw there were several stars sprinkling the sky like run away freckles. She was in a dream again, but this one felt different. Calm and peaceful. Trusting.
Her head turned and she studied the forest surrounding her. Giant willow trees reached their branches down to caress the tall blades of grass. The moss that blanketed the branches and trunks glowed softly, coating the forest in an ethereal light.
There was a soft whoo and she glanced up. A snow white owl winded its way through the trees. A moment later it landed in front of her and cocked its head to the side.
Large black eyes watched her silently. Then, in a show of majestic beauty, the owl spread its wings out and brought them up and down; lifting itself into the air. The underside of the wings glowed silver in the pale pink moonlight. It hooted a few times more as it circled around her.
Sophie gazed at it before realizing that it wanted her to follow. She moved forward and felt the grass tickle her bare feet and the skirt of her white nightgown brush her ankles. There was such a feeling of rightness when she walked this path.
It ended with the forest. Sophie gaped at the beauty of the scene before her.
A grassy plain spread out and skimmed along the edges of a crystal blue lake. Deer and fawn loped across, having no fear of the field.
Darkness teased the back of her neck and fingertips. Her eyes darted back and forth across the field and lake before settling on where it originated.
There, on the other side of the lake sat an abandoned farm house. The darkness reached around it and it seemed to call to Sophie, to want her.
The owl hooted again. She jumped, startled. Her every nerve ending was electrified.
She followed the owl around the lake and into the stretched claws of darkness. Here the moonlight was sinister and morose.
The farmhouse looked like it barely stood on its foundations. Shingles hung from the roof and the windows fogged. Small hand prints seemed frozen on the panes of glass.Sophie shivered and wrapped her arms around herself.
The barn stood out starkly, its aura the birth of the darkness. The tremor moved through her body and she tried desperately to stop it.
The owl circled the building before it landed on Sophie’s shoulder. When she didn’t move toward the barn, it pierced her with its talons.
“Ouch!” Sophie cried out at the sharp pain in her arm. Her body leaped forward. The closer she came to the barn, the more it felt like the darkness swallowed her.
The doors opened when she approached them. She could see the uneven light of torches. They bounced of the walls and across the hay filled ground.
The owl flew to the top of the barn and watched her enter.
“Coward.” Sophie whispered even though she trembled with fear. She walked further and further inside. The dark aura swallowed her.
Intense pressure squeezed her body like a vise and more than once she thought about running.
Through the torchlight she saw the main beam of the barn. A dark figure huddled up against it. Still and silent.
Sophie’s breath ripped through her lungs. The darkness clutched her.
The figure shuddered and moaned.
Sophie stifled a scream. Whispers rose out of the darkness and swirled around her.
She knew in her mind that normally she wouldn’t approach this dark, huddled figure but something about it haunted her. Pulled at her. So, she stepped closer.
The form shuddered again and chains rattled.
Sophie was close enough to touch it now. Her heart beat so hard she heard it in her ears.
The figure shot forward, shrieking.
Sophie cried out and fell backward. She crawled away on her elbows until she hit a bale of hay.
“Help me!” Katie’s voice erupted from the prisoner. Her face was cut and torn, the flesh hanging in small slices. Bloodshot eyes locked on Sophie. “She’s going to kill me!”







Chapter Nine


Sophie paced through the Symbol room, ignoring the fact that Demetri’s gaze followed her movements. It unnerved her, but since she didn’t think he could help it she didn’t snap at him like she wanted.
He just stood there, silent.
Aidan and Lilli already sat at the table. Aidan drummed his fingers on the surface, Lilli watched his fingers with a blank stare.
She couldn’t sit. The vision thrummed through her veins. Adrenaline raced through her blood. She had to do something with it.
Like help Katie.
This time, instead of going to the police, she’d called on Ruth and Demetri. If anyone was going to help save Katie, it was them. They’d suggested the group get together here and that’s what they’d done.
Just thinking of that vision made her heart hurt. Katie didn’t deserve to be captured and tortured by whatever it was that did this.
Demetri said demons. Sophie wasn’t so sure he was wrong anymore. She’d never seen an aura that dark. Or that hungry.
The door to the Symbol room opened and Tristan strode in, wearing a navy blue, long sleeved shirt and jeans. He looked so good that her lungs constricted.
She tried to ignore it and instead asked, “Did you talk to Morgan? Is she coming?”
He nodded and stepped aside. Jackson followed him in, holding the door open for a few seconds.
Morgan solidified next to the table. She smoothed the skirt of her black sweater dress over her leggings. Her hair settled around her.
Last came Ruth, who shut the door behind her.
“Why am I here?” Morgan asked. She sat down next to Lilli. “I thought we didn’t believe what they were saying.”
“We don’t so far.” Aidan said. “But our resident psychic has had a vision of Katie Moore.”
Morgan refused to meet Sophie’s gaze.
“Tell us what you saw. We may be able to help her.” Ruth settled a hip against the table.
Sophie took a deep breath and repeated every detail of the vision. “She was asking us to help her.” She glanced at each of them. “They’re going to kill her.”
Her friends shifted in their chairs.
“You can prevent that from happening.” Demetri held eye contact with each of them one by one. “You can save her. Now. Tonight.”
“That thing almost killed us last time!” Morgan stood, her chair lurched backward.
Her panic hit Sophie’s skin like bee stings.
“This time,” Demetri pinned Morgan with a look that had her pulling her chair back and sitting, “you’ll have backup and be prepared.”
“I’ll do it.” Sophie couldn’t wait on the cops to save Katie.
Lilli smiled weakly at Sophie after her surprise passed. “Me, too. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if she died because of me.”
Tristan leaned forward. His eyes swirled from gray to yellow. “I’m in.”
“We have classes tomorrow.” Morgan protested.
“Yeah, I‘m in.” Aidan grinned.
“Someone might see us!” Morgan huffed.
Jackson watched Lilli but nodded his agreement.
“Morgan, no one will know it was you.” Aidan pressed. “Do you really want to live with that on your conscience?”
“Shut up, Aidan!” Morgan covered her face and sighed.
Sophie opened her mouth to argue that Morgan didn’t have a conscience to speak of when she felt the girl’s emotions change.
“Fine.” Morgan mumbled. “I’ll help.”
Then again, maybe Morgan did.
Ruth and Demetri shared a look. Ruth said, “Then we need to get started. We need to find an abandoned farmhouse next to a lake. What was the lake shaped like?”
Sophie closed her eyes and willed the vision back. The lake appeared. The light breeze caressed her skin. “It’s a circular lake. Nothing out of the ordinary. This is crazy. We’re never going to find her.”
“The vision was sent to you for a reason. We’ll find her.” Tristan assured her.
“Where are we going to start?” Jackson asked.
“We are going to look it up on the internet. This is a historical town and there are bound to be pictures of the farmhouses around here. Maybe something will tip Sophie off.” Ruth told him.
“Would they show abandoned ones?” Morgan’s eyes widened when the words left her mouth. Like she didn’t expect to care.
“Wait!” Aidan sat forward. “On T.V.!”
“Spit it out!” Morgan slapped him on the arm. “What about it?”
“There was a show this summer about haunted places in this area. They showed that wooden bridge out by the edge of town, remember it?” At their stares, he continued sheepishly. “One was about an abandoned farmhouse and it was so creepy that I had nightmares that night. It could be where they’re holding Katie.”
The hair on the back of Sophie’s neck stood up. The looks on the boys’ faces intensified.
“We’ll look it up. They’ll have something on the network’s website.” Lilli stood. “I know the library isn’t a good memory for us but we can search there.”
“There’s no need for that, Lilli.” Ruth reached around her neck and unclasped her necklace. She pulled it off and held it up. A small, silver key dangled from it. “We have all we need in that room right there.” She pointed to the other door, the one they hadn’t gone through yet. “It’s about time you went in there anyway.”
Demetri frowned but remained silent. In that moment, Sophie could read a little off of him. He didn’t want to deny something that gave Ruth happiness even if it went against his own.
Interesting.
Ruth unlocked the door and pushed it open. “Ready?”
When Sophie got her first look of the room she smiled wryly. Here was the room that looked like it belonged to a secret organization. Gun racks lined the walls, stainless steel tables gleamed in the center of the room, and to her relief, a row of computers sat in a corner.
At one of the tables a man wearing clerical black cleaned a large gun. His white collar was undone, leaving the first button at his throat open. His movements were precise and maneuvered as he worked.
“Who is that?” Aidan asked as they all entered the room.
Ruth glanced over her shoulder at the man. “Oh, that’s Father Kent. He’s a member of our team. You’ll meet him another time. For now, we have to focus on finding Katie.”
Sophie remembered the sense of urgency from her dream and agreed.
“This room must span the entire basement.” Jackson said. They followed Ruth to the computers.
“Don’t get used to it, these are for the use of our team. You haven’t joined it yet.” Demetri leaned over and turned the computers on.
Sophie met Tristan’s glance with raised eyebrows.
“Here, take this one.” Ruth steered Sophie toward a computer. “You may see something.”
Sophie sat down, wiggled the mouse, and clicked on the internet. Tristan leaned over her shoulder, his arms resting on the back of her chair. The heat from his body made her nerve ending shoot to life. When he turned his head to look at her, gray eyes shot through with bits of yellow, she absolutely forgot to breathe.
This connection she had with him was so strong it scared her, but she couldn’t deny its pull.
The corners of his lips turned up.
“Okay, I found the website for the farmhouse haunting.” Aidan piped up. Sophie snapped her head to look at him, grateful for the distraction. “I’ll look here.”
Morgan stood over him, staying well out of his way. Jackson and Lilli had the last computer. They didn’t look at all uncomfortable with the closeness they shared.
Sophie pulled up a search engine and typed in what they were looking for.
“Here.” Tristan pointed on the screen to a promising website. She clicked on it. Immediately, pictures began to pop up. She scrolled through them but nothing reminded her of the vision.
“I’m getting nothing.” She sighed and rubbed her forehead. Tristan placed a hand on her shoulder and squeezed gently.
“Look at these.” Aidan called her over. Morgan moved to stand next to Tristan.
When Sophie reached him, he scrolled through the pictures. Nothing brought the dream to mind.
Until the one.
Her stomach dropped. Her hands shook as she pointed to the picture. “It’s that one. Oh my God.” She’d had this gift her entire life and she was sure she’d never get used to the feeling it gave her.
“Listen to this! Recently it’s had rumored supernatural activity!” Aidan’s voice rose. “No one has been able to actually step foot on the land for three months. Before that people allegedly disappeared on the property and never returned.”
“No one investigated it because they thought it was a hoax. We have reason to believe it’s a den for a nest of vampires.” Demetri said. “Print out the address and we’ll put it in the navigation.”
“Vampires?” Morgan’s voice was faint.
“As in Dracula? Or Edward?” Aidan asked.
Ruth shook her head at Aidan. “You’ll wish these vampires glittered. Okay, go home and put on some old clothes, nothing you’d want to stay clean. Meet us back here in an hour.”
Lilli glanced at Sophie when they left and said, “At least we won’t get lost this time.”
Sophie sighed and nodded, not wanting to think of that time when they were younger. They were a step closer to getting Katie back and didn’t need that diversion.

About half an hour later they were back on the bus and on the way to meet Demetri and Ruth. Sophie sat next to Tristan and stared out the window because looking at him was becoming too intense. It was cliché, but she felt that he could see into her soul and that terrified her.
When he finally spoke, she jumped in her seat.
“What did you mean when Lilli said you won’t get lost this time? I thought this was all new to you.”
Sophie resisted the urge to wince at his slightly accusing tone. She forced herself to look at him. He was dressed in a slightly hole-y pair of jeans and a simple black tee. How could he manage to look so good in something so ordinary? There was no way she looked half as good in her own jeans and dark green tee. “What we did had nothing to do with demons or vampires. We went in search of a missing girl when we were in junior high.”
He raised his eyebrows at her. “What happened?”
“Lilli and I were at my house. We’d planned to go out but the weather was so bad that we changed our minds and decided to stay in. We were passing the living room where my parents were watching the local news.”
The bus lurched as it turned a corner.
“The missing girl was headlining.”
Sophie nodded and she shifted her gaze to the others on the bus. Lilli and Jackson were adjacent to them, also in conversation. Morgan and Aidan were a few rows up and to the right, sitting quietly. “We were extremely impulsive back then. Lilli and I decided to go look for her ourselves. The police had no way of finding her. Not with the weather as bad as it was.” She swallowed. “We grabbed raincoats and snuck out of my bedroom window.”
“In the storm.” Tristan’s eyes darkened. Much like the storm they’d been in.
“Yes. We weren’t really thinking clearly.” Sophie flushed scarlet. In retrospect the idea was completely brainless. “We headed into the woods where the anchorman reported her last seen hiking. It was so cold and the wind blew the rain straight into our bodies. We couldn’t see a foot in front of our faces.”
“Good thing you’re psychic.” Tristan smiled at her.
Her skin slowly heated up at his look. It felt delicious to have someone appreciating her gift and not ridiculing her because of it. It encouraged her to keep talking. “I was so focused on making sure we didn’t end up in a ravine that it was the only thing I concentrated on. I didn’t realize we were in the middle of nowhere until it was too late. The storm had worsened and we were utterly lost. So, we found a small cave and hid out until it passed the next morning.”
“Were your parents angry?”
“Oh yes. The police located us trying to find our way out, soaking wet and starving.”
Tristan grinned. “The girl?”
This time, Sophie frowned. “She lied to her parents about going hiking. Turns out she was at a concert three cities over. I was grounded forever and caught the flu. I guess I’d been concentrating on the storm and wanting to use my gift for something good that I ignored what it was trying to tell me. That the girl wasn’t in the woods at all.”
“So you learned your lesson?” Tristan leaned back in his seat.
Sophie tried to disregard the fact that he smelled nice and that he looked sexy as hell. “I guess not, since I’m going into an alleged den of vampires.”
He shifted to look her in the eye. “I won’t let you get lost this time.”
Her heart fluttered in her chest. She was silent, then asked, “Why is Jackson so quiet?”
Tristan considered the question. His gaze moved to Jackson and then back to Sophie. “Life hasn’t really treated him fair. His father, his real father, is a manipulative bastard.”
Sophie’s stomach sank. Was that the reason Jackson’s shield was so strong? To protect himself from someone who was supposed to protect him? She watched the way he relaxed around Lilli, a far cry from how he was when he talked to them.
Tristan followed her line of sight. “He’s head over heels for her. You don’t think it’s too early?”
She shrugged. “Apparently we all knew each other from a previous life.” She thought of that vision from the past and blushed. Why would she think of that now? With him here, beside her. Before he could ask her why she blushed, she asked, “So, who’s Cecilia?”
His aura left her abruptly to cocoon around him.
She instantly regretted bringing the name up. It suddenly got cold and lonely without him. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked.”
Ever so slowly his essence fanned out to join hers again. His jaw ticked when he looked at her. “No, it’s okay. Some wounds just take time to heal.”
His carefree manner had evaporated and she knew she was completely to blame. Seriously, who brings up such a taboo subject?
She wanted to change the subject, but since she couldn’t find the courage, the last half of the bus ride was silent.







Chapter Ten


Sophie crouched down in the gravel of a ditch and stared at the beginning of the property she was sure Katie was being kept on. It held the same creepy vibe that she’d felt from the vision.
A broken down, wooden fence separated them from the tall, waving grass. From their side she could see the field meet the lake and beyond that, the farmhouse.
The others hunkered down on either side of her, watching the seemingly peaceful yard with wariness.
“Do you think vampires are really in there?” Morgan whispered to no one in particular.
The girl actually had on a pair of sneakers, something Sophie thought she’d never see. “I hope not. I forgot to bring my wooden stake.” She whispered back, her voice dry. The wind picked up and weaved through the tall grass.
It was hard to believe they were all here, Sophie thought. She glanced to her left and saw Jackson on the very end. His tense body angled toward Lilli’s, who looked over the grass with an anxious expression.
Tristan was next, his eyes already yellow. Ruth lay in between her and Tristan, a small buffer from his intensity.
Sophie turned her head to the right and met Aidan’s gaze. His lips turned up in a half smile and smoke curled up from his skin. On his other side was Morgan and then last, Demetri.
“There’s no way to know for sure, Morgan, until we spot some. If we do, just go for the undead heart or behead them.” Ruth shifted in the dirt and brought her binoculars up to her face.
“Go for the undead heart.” Lilli echoed.
Sophie saw Jackson squeeze Lilli’s hand gently and felt a burst of fondness for him. He wanted to protect Lilli as much as she did. Not in a million years could she see her best friend hurting anyone. It went against her very nature.
“Vampires wake up when the sun goes down.” Demetri stood, the movement full of predatory grace, and started toward the fence.
Sophie forced herself to breathe normally and stepped up to the wooden barrier. The same dark aura that filled her vision was here. It wasn’t thick at the moment but she knew the closer they got to the farmhouse, the stronger it would become.
Tristan jumped the fence before her, then turned and offered his hand.
The air tingled around them. Did he forgive her for her stupid blunder earlier?
She placed her hand in his. Without wincing, she absorbed the shock where their hands met. He pulled her over the fence, allowing her to brace herself on his shoulders, and then steadied her on her feet before he let go.
Strange how they possibly walked into a den of vampires, close to sunset no less, and she felt safe because he was here.
“This is so creepy.” Morgan walked closer to Aidan. He bravely placed a hand on her back.
They made a line and walked toward the lake. In the night nothing moved but the grass as they made their way through the acreage. No animals scurried or called out.
Just beyond, Sophie saw the farmhouse. It darkened against the setting sun and swallowed the disappearing rays fervently. Like a harbinger of evil. They neared the lake and the darkness closed in around Sophie.
Something pulled at her, warning her to turn around and run.
Through their connection Tristan sensed something wrong and asked, “What is it?”
The others looked over at her.
“Something’s pulling at me. It’s intense, too. It’s making it hard for me to take a step forward.” Sophie pressed a hand to her chest in an attempt to relieve the pressure.
“It’s a normal protection spell that vampires use to keep themselves safe during the day. It should wear off within the next few minutes since the sun is setting.” Ruth explained.
“Then why aren’t we getting the same feeling?” Lilli glanced around.
Jackson took her hand in his and locked their fingers.
“As Guardians these types of spells won’t affect you. It’s merely to keep humans away.” Ruth pulled out her twin kitanas and let the blades gleam in the moonlight.
Aidan’s eyes bugged when he spotted them. Sophie had to admit they were pretty impressive. “And why isn’t it effecting you?”
“We are trained to ignore the effects from an early age. Otherwise, we’d never accomplish any of our missions.” Ruth through an amused look to Demetri.
Demetri peered at the barn and twirled a machete absently in his hands. “We should get moving. Vampires have a built in radar for their prey.”
The sun set more and the pressure eased around Sophie. Demetri led the way around the lake. Tristan walked close beside her and although she knew she was an independent person and liked to believe she was strong, she felt protected when he was near.
When they passed the lake, blue water gleaming, a different kind of pressure increased.
A warning.
“Something’s coming.” Sophie blurted out.
Demetri jerked to a halt. Aidan moved to the left to keep from running into him. “What is it?”
“I’m not sure.” Sophie concentrated. “It just feels like a warning, but not the same kind from a minute ago. Like a warning from our side.”
Aidan cracked a joke about the dark side having cookies and everyone glared at him. “Sorry.” He mumbled.
Demetri scanned the yard leading up to the farmhouse. His gaze moved back and forth, catching no movement. Even the wind had died down, leaving the grass still.
Morgan shimmered a little and stepped closer to Aidan.
The pressure spiked in the back of Sophie’s mind. Then, it vanished completely.
A raven soared over the farmhouse, the movement easy to spot in a motionless landscape. It circled the group and then swooped down to land a few feet in front of them. It pranced back and forth with its head cocked to the side. The eyes glittered.
“Look at those eyes.” Morgan whispered.
“They’re red. It’s not normal for them to be that color, right?” Lilli’s panic raised her voice.
Jackson pushed her behind him. He glanced at Tristan, his avenging angel face shining through.
Sophie recognized the stupid little bird from the church. “It’s the one we saw when we met Demetri and Ruth, remember?”
“It is!” Aidan’s hands started to flame.
Tristan growled low in his throat when two more ravens landed beside the first. They cawed and hopped around. Dirt and grass flew.
Demetri and Ruth readied their weapons.
Tension surrounded the group.
The deafening sound of flapping wings filled the air. From behind the farmhouse rose a flock of ravens so large, it blocked what little light was left.
“Holy…” Aidan’s mouth fell open.
Sophie wanted to finish his sentence for him but her mouth was too dry. In small areas of the flock, the birds attacked each other as they bumped feathers.
“Oh my God!” Morgan shimmered next to Aidan before solidifying again. “They’re coming right for us!”
The flock dove.
“Down!” Demetri yelled. He pushed himself and Ruth to the ground.
Sophie hit the grass and groaned. Tristan landed next to her, pulling her in toward his body. The ravens flew right over them, feathers brushing her skin. She rolled onto her back and stared. The ravens rose back into the sky.
Tristan pulled her up by her arm and pushed her closer to the girls. Fur quickly sprouted on his arms and face. His jaw elongated and he added two feet to his height.
Sophie watched him transform into a massive black bear. It never ceased to amaze her that his body had the ability to reinvent itself at just a thought.
The ravens took another dive at them. Tristan roared and batted them away like flies. The large, black paws knocked the birds to the ground in threes.
Scores of them slipped past Tristan. The feathers touched Sophie’s skin and she cringed.
The ravens swarmed them and cawing filled their ears. Sophie tried to fight off panic when all she could see and feel were black feathers.
A talon nipped her arm and she cried out. Someone shoved her into Morgan, who latched onto her arm.
The swarm picked up speed. The circle of feathers closed in on them. From her other side, Lilli grasped her hand and turned her face into Sophie’s shoulder.
Sophie could sense the guys’ closeness, even though she couldn’t see anything but the birds. Ruth and Demetri were behind them, not able to use their weapons on the birds for fear of hurting one of the others.
Just when she thought she was about to have a complete claustrophobic meltdown, even with Morgan and Lilli right beside her, the air heated up. Short flashes of light flared up a few spaces in front of them.
The smell of burnt flesh and feathers filled the air.
Morgan wheezed and coughed when the smell hit her.
Sophie could make out Tristan, Jackson, and Aidan in front of them now. Tristan worked on getting as many targets as he could with his massive paws. Aidan threw fire balls into the swarm, clearing up a bit more.
When it did, Jackson threw up parallel invisible walls, forcing the remaining ravens to tunnel into Aidan’s fire and Tristan’s paws.
Finally, it was clear again.
“Okay, that was horrible.” Lilli’s voice shook and her widened gaze took in the lifeless bodies of the birds strewn about the ground around them. Jackson hugged her to him.
Aidan and Tristan gave each other a high-five. “Yes!”
“Cool it, hot stuff.” Morgan said. “We need to rescue Katie quietly.”
Demetri stood, staring at the farmhouse and beyond. Sophie shivered at the stillness on his face.
“You said Katie was being kept in the barn?” Ruth asked. They started toward the house.
“Yes. From the pictures and my vision, there’s supposed to be one around the back.” Sophie couldn’t help but stare at the farmhouse and its broken windows and crooked shutters. Evil and darkness surrounded it, making even the most desperate of small animals willing to take their chances outside. Her heart sank at the thought of Katie being held by whatever supernatural creature gave off these vibes.
Her feet crunched in the dead grass and her hands shook slightly. What if there were really vampires here?
The barn was nestled beside a corral that circled near the woods.
Sophie inhaled quickly. Just like the one from her vision.
Demetri reached the barn doors first, which lay open and not so inviting. The shadows beckoned for the stupid or recklessly brave to enter.
Sophie wondered which category they fell under.
Everyone stood behind Demetri and listened for signs of movement beyond the doorway. None came forth.
The wind creaked through the slats of wood that served as walls. Demetri and Ruth walked in, immediately swallowed by the darkness.
Sophie slowly followed. Lilli had a samurai-death grip on her arm. Morgan came close behind.
The guys headed up the rear.
Sophie focused on breathing. She thought she might choke on her dread.
Demetri stood a few feet inside the barn. “Aidan.”
Aidan brushed past Morgan. When he reached Demetri, he lit up his hands and allowed the fireballs to float in the air. The light expanded out five feet around them.
Ruth peered into the darkness beyond. Her kitanas hung loose in her fingers but her shoulders tensed.
Sophie wasn’t so sure the light made things any better. Sure, she could see, but it just made everything seem starker. Scarier.
What used to be stalls were now torn to pieces and covered in blood. Sophie fought the urge to vomit when she saw a half eaten hand lying on one of the bales of hay. She saw other body parts sticking out of saddles and hanging from the tack board and she paled.
The others gagged.
“There should be a watchdog vampire close by.” Ruth told them. Jackson and Tristan flanked the girls. “They usually have one lackey that guards. There could be more depending on which queen is in the nest.”







Chapter Eleven


Nausea rose in Sophie’s stomach. She focused so much on keeping her dinner down that it took her a minute to notice the pressure in her head that came from the darkness.
Whatever touched her mind was still and measured the Guardian’s intentions. It contained malice and a deep, unquenchable thirst.
She drew in a sharp gasp when she sensed three more.
Tristan, Aidan, and Jackson shifted to stand in front of the girls.
“How many?” Demetri asked without turning around.
Sophie started when he repeated the question sharply. “Four.” Four ungodly entities pressed into her mind. Shared space inside of her.
“That’s the most I’ve known to guard.” Ruth shifted on her feet. Sophie could tell the number made her uneasy.
Demetri took a step forward.
Sophie felt the guards slink back and tried to pinpoint their locations in the barn through the connection. She shoved harder with her mind.
Unexpectedly, she saw herself. The image came so clear and sharp that it made her queasy. She saw Tristan standing halfway in front of her with a fierce expression on his face.
Darkness invaded her every sense. She tried to swallow against the dryness in her throat. She was so thirsty. Anger and bitterness rose in her so swiftly she barely had time to contain it.
Then she figured she’d pushed a little too hard. Now she was the one invading minds.
She looked through the eyes of the guards.
Sophie swayed on her feet. The sensation of looking into four minds at once disoriented her.
Lilli released Sophie’s arm and placed a hand to her back to keep her steady. “You okay?”
Sophie nodded. The warmth and the question jerked her back into her own mind. A hint of darkness still lurked though. It made her wish for a hot shower to wash the unclean away.
“Go away.” One of the guards hissed.
Morgan shivered. The voice rasped again.
Aidan shot fire up his arms.
“We’re not going anywhere. We want the girl.” Ruth answered.
Jackson nodded.
“She’s dead.” The guard rustled the straw on the ground to the left and then rapidly moved to the right. He kept out of the light.
Alarm jolted through Sophie at his words. She reached out and searched for any sign that Katie was alive. A soft sigh of relief escaped when she sensed Katie.
Ruth glanced back at Sophie.
“She’s still alive.” The others relaxed at her words.
The hiss grew. “You can’t be certain.”
Demetri swung his machete in a warning arc.
The other three guards bulldozed their consciousnesses on hers. They shoveled in with black tentacles. She flinched against the onslaught.
A low growl started in Tristan’s throat.
The pressure subsided in her head.
Her fear didn’t.
Out of the darkness seven yellow eyes stared. Beckoned them to come closer.
“The sun’s almost set.” Jackson jerked a thumb over his shoulder toward the doorway. “We should get this over with.” He stood tall and proud and looked ready for whatever lurked nearby.
“Light it up, Aidan.” Demetri pointed his weapon at the dark.
A small smile curved Aidan’s lips. Fiery light danced off his fingertips and swirled into four more balls that hung in front of him. He let them shoot into the darkness.
The darkness receded and so did the creatures.
“We don’t have much time.” Jackson said. The last of the sun’s rays settled behind the farmhouse.
“When the sun fully sets the queen and her followers will be here for the sacrifice.” Sophie relayed from the guards’ minds.
“Can you remember where you saw Katie?” Ruth stepped closer to the dark.
“She was in the back, in a corner. Handcuffed to a beam.” Sophie surprised herself when her voice didn’t shake. She certainly did on the inside.
The guards continued to hiss. It echoed off the walls and inside their minds. Then, it cut off abruptly.
In the silence, the black tentacles sneaked into Sophie’s mind again. “He’s going for her. He’s going to turn her. It wasn’t in the plan but we’ve pissed off the queen. She’s awake.” The words flew out of her mouth before she could think about what she said.
Ruth and Demetri plunged into the gloom.
Aidan hurriedly waved an arm and two of the lights followed them.
“This is worse than being lost in the woods.” Lilli reached for Sophie’s hand. “I hate vampires.”
“Me, too.” Morgan shimmered and solidified. She cursed. “Why do I keep doing that?”
“You’re afraid, Princess. It’s a normal emotion for us peasants.”
“Aidan.” Morgan narrowed her eyes at the back of his head. He followed Demetri.
Tristan and Jackson motioned for the girls to move. They headed further into the barn.
Sophie reached out her other hand for Morgan to take. No one wanted to face this alone and at least for this small time they should count on each other.
Morgan sneered, her face cold, and set off with the guys.
Sophie ignored the fact that yes, it did hurt her feelings, and pulled Lilli along. She didn’t want to be caught out here when the queen arrived.
Even though she knew Tristan and the others were close and weren’t going to leave them, she sped up. Everywhere she looked she saw scattered human remains. They hung across the windows, and the sickles and the old, rusted tractor sitting in the corner. Above she could see the hay loft and briefly wondered what it held.
“Got her!” Ruth yelled.
Sophie dragged Lilli along until they reached the others. She slid to a halt next to Tristan and Jackson.
The lanterns Aidan had lit above them threw the old room into stark relief.
They ended up at the end of the barn. An old square table with four metal fold-out chairs sat in the corner. A small twin bed, covered in a mothball eaten quilt, lounged opposite.
Sophie’s eyes darted back to the middle where the lead guard held Katie against his body. The other three stood in a half circle behind them.
In an attempt to keep from gagging, Sophie pressed a hand to her mouth.
“Jesus!” Morgan averted her face and breathed in hard through her mouth, and even harder out through her nose.
Lilli whimpered and increased her grip on Sophie’s hand.
Sophie forced herself not to look away. She owed it to Katie to keep that small measure of contact.
Katie’s eyes widened and her nostrils flared in fear when the vampire bent her head to the side and exposed the white of her neck.
“I’m wishing for that glitter now.” Aidan glanced sidelong at Ruth.
 These vamps were definitely not attractive. Their bones hung gnarled and scabbed. Large patches of hair were missing from their heads. What was left hung in matted, greasy strands.
It took a moment for Sophie to realize that the one holding Katie had a single yellow eye. A hollow hole stood out where the mate had been. Blackened burn scars covered his face.
Each of the other guards looked much the same, as if they’d all suffered from the same disease. She guessed they had.
Sophie shook her head slowly. It struck new fear in her to comprehend the fact that vampires were real. Courage drained from her body. How were they going to defeat them?
“The sun is gone.” The leader said. His body stooped over under the heavy weight of the large hump that boiled on his back.
The vampire’s fangs lengthened.
Drops of venom formed on them.
Time was running out. They had to do something, and fast. She reached out for anything to stop the leader. Deep in his mind she found his name from when he’d been human. “Augustus. Please, leave her alone.”
His yellow eye didn’t even blink. Instead, it pierced into her. He ran his tongue over Katie’s neck, trail of green coated saliva wetting her skin.
Katie sobbed and struggled against the iron clad grip. She didn’t look much better than Augustus, with her scratches and dirt covered skin.
Augustus sneered at her effort. “She really is spirited.”
The reality of their situation hit them all at once. Vampires were real. And they wanted them dead.
If she’d had the courage to glare, Sophie would have. As it was, she had no clue how they were going to get out of this alive.
Jackson watched the three guards on either side, measured them. He shared a calculated look with Tristan.
“The others are awake.” Augustus tilted his head back. His eyes glazed over.
Sophie felt the reverence he held for the queen. A heaviness grew in the air. She didn’t have time to warn the others before several more vampires surrounded them.
“Well, well. What do we have here?”
The voice that came out of the darkness lure them, soft and beautiful. The face that emerged matched that description. Long blonde hair framed an angelic face and large blue eyes.
The eyes stared directly at Demetri and froze the air between them.
“Demetri, it’s been a long time.” The blue eyes flickered over the group. Her lithe body moved gracefully. She came to a stop a few feet in front of them. Her skin seemed to hum and glow beneath her barely-there black dress.
Augustus couldn’t take his eyes off of the queen. His every feature melted into pitiful obsession.
Behind her came the rest of her coven. Six males, all dressed in suits and ties, came to stand at her rear. They wore expressions of boredom, like this is something they dealt with every day.
“Let the girl go, Cairo.” Demetri’s grip tightened on his machete. His muscles jumpeded.
“You know I can’t do that.” Cairo smiled. The beauty of it clashed with her dead eyes. “The girl is ours. We will use her in a ritual for our Lady.”
Sophie shivered at the mention of the lady. That horrible laughter filled her mind. The visions threatened to pull her in.
Cairo’s blue eyes settled on her and she cocked her head to the side. Her golden hair spilled over glowing shoulders. “You can sense us.”
Tristan growled again.
Cairo barely spared him a glance and again focused on Sophie.
Sophie resisted the urge to run and hide. Cairo held a lethal curiosity for them. One that could destroy them.
“We want the girl.” Demetri repeated.
The guys tensed when Cairo ran her eyes over them again and reassessed. “Who did you bring me, Demetri?” She hissed. “Would the Dark Priestess be happy if I killed them?”
Aidan moved to strike but Demetri shook his head harshly. His jaw set and he stared across the small space at the queen.
Ruth risked a sympathetic glance in his direction. In it Sophie read love and sadness.
What was Demetri’s story?
A shrill scream slashed through the silence.
Katie had suddenly found her will to live. The echoes of her shriek pounded against Sophie with so much anguish it almost brought her to her knees. Instead, she rushed forward.
Augustus placed his fangs on the side of Katie’s neck.
Sophie snapped back and forced herself to remain motionless.
Cairo’s lips curved in amusement. She watched from the sidelines with her coven.Everyone went still. Each side eyed the other. The bored expressions on the male vampires’ faces turned hungry with excitement.
Sophie watched their pupils expand to take in all sliver of movement in the barn.
Jackson struck first. He hit the group of beautiful vampires with an invisible force that knocked them back and off their feet.
Cairo sat up fast and bared her fangs. Her eyes narrowed and her lips thinned.
Demetri and Ruth jumped on the others. Their bodies moved in sync as they attacked.
“Crap!” Sophie looked from one group to the other. What good would a psychic do now?
Aidan stood in between the girls and the advancing vampires. They stalked them. Wanted to taste them.
In her mind Katie’s terror spiked. Sophie faced Augustus. She had to admit to herself that some of the terror she felt was her own as she watched Augustus and his ugly partners.
Augustus’s one eye widened.
Sophie looked back to see what he was so afraid of. Tristan’s body became lean and long and swathed in golden fur. Dark brown hair sprouted from his face and head and formed a mane. When he finished, he was five hundred pounds of mature lion.
Sophie thought he was beautiful.
Tristan tilted his head back and roared. The rafters shook.
Sophie flinched at the sound.
“You’re not human.” Augustus took a few steps back. He dragged Katie across the floor.
His cruelty was too much to bear.
Something brushed past Sophie and left the air shimmering. Through that she could see Lilli leaning against one of the beams, her face ashen. It was easy to forget that Lilli, having no visions, wasn’t exposed to this type of violence.
Still invisible, Morgan grabbed Augustus by the greasy strands of hair and jerked back hard.
He hissed and swung out. His hold on Katie severed and she fell to her knees.
Augustus’s fist connected with Morgan’s shoulder, making her solidify. His eye gleamed and he wrapped his hands around her throat.
Katie crawled toward the barn wall.
“Morgan!” What was she supposed to do?
Tristan swept by her. His large body prowled toward Augustus. In an instant, he pounced. Razor sharp teeth tore into the vampire’s blackened flesh. He growled from the back of his throat and pinned Augustus to the ground.
Katie knelt with her shoulders hunched. Morgan crept to her.
Sophie and Lilli rushed to join Morgan. Behind them chaos reigned but all Sophie saw was Katie’s unfocused eyes and heard the breaths that rattled in her chest. The girl’s clothes hung from her body in tatters. Sophie frowned at the number of scratches and bruises that marred her skin.
“Lilli.” Morgan pleaded. Worry for the redhead lined her face.
Lilli placed a hand on Katie’s shoulder, making Katie flinch. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she slumped forward.
“Is she dead?” Morgan whispered.
Lilli shook her head. “No, she passed out. Too much was happening for her to process.”
“Look out!” Morgan screamed.



Chapter Twelve


Something wrapped around the collar of Sophie’s jacket and lifted her easily into the air.
Cairo held her and Lilli up, one in each hand, like they were both a sack of feathers. Her unblinking eyes settled on Sophie. “You’re so powerful. How does a human become this way?”
Out of the corner of her eye, Sophie saw Morgan struggle to pick Katie up. When she realized that wouldn’t work, Morgan dragged her gently out of the way.
Sophie balled up her fist and swung.
Cairo dodged it effortlessly. Her musical laugh grated on Sophie’s nerves. “You can’t possibly think it’d be that easy?” Cairo tilted her head to the side and watched the brightness of color surrounding Sophie. No longer in control over her actions, she released Lilli to concentrate fully on the light. “You have such an aura. So much light. I miss that, you know. I may keep you for myself.”
Tristan moved from Augustus to two of Cairo’s entourage.
A sudden waft of heat hit them. Cairo cried out.
Sophie hit the dirt and rolled. The air pushed out of her lungs and she coughed. When she turned on her back and lifted herself on her elbows, she gasped.
Flames covered Cairo. Her glowing skin blistered.
Aidan forced more heat into the fire that engulfed her.
Demetri shoved one of the guards into the back draft of Aidan’s flames. With practiced movements he swung his machete and severed the head.
Aidan turned to the last two remaining guards.
Cairo pulled her severely burnt form toward Sophie. The vampire’s eyes were no longer a cerulean blue but a deep red that stood out sharply against charred flesh.
“Aura. So bright.” When Cairo spoke the flesh on her throat flapped in and out. The whistling sound it made shot goose bumps up Sophie’s arms.
Sophie couldn’t make her legs work. All around her she could hear the sounds of the battle but still, she couldn’t move. She watched helplessly while Cairo came closer, venom dripping from her fangs.
Over Cairo’s shoulder Sophie watched Morgan and Lilli bend over Katie. Lilli’s hands gently ran over Katie’s body, searching for Katie’s most lethal injuries.
Ruth ran past her line of eyesight to protect the girls.
Someone yanked Sophie up by the arm. She started to resist.
“Stop.”
That clear command, in Demetri’s harsh voice, stilled her.
His entire body tensed when he pointed his machete at Cairo. “You won’t get away from me this time. You will pay for what you did.”
His voice broke and tears sprang to Sophie’s eyes. What was he talking about?
Before she could ask, something twisted in her hair and jerked backward. She landed in the heated straw. Smoke rose fast and the flames became too much for Jackson and Aidan to handle.
Her vision suddenly filled with one angry vampire.
“She was my wife! You destroyed her beautiful face!” The guy spit out. Even fuming, he enthralled Sophie with his beauty. Not a section of his body was marred by wrinkles or blemishes.
His weight settled over her. He leaned down and sniffed her neck. Blond hair tickled her cheek.
Sophie struggled against him.
He chuckled. “Keep doing that. I like it.”
She froze at the sound of husky desire in his voice. Her mind raced with her heart. She needed to get away.
“So beautiful. So bright.” He trailed a sharp fingernail down the side of her face. His eyes traveled the length of her body.
She arched her back in pain and her throat closed on a sob. His fingernail left a burning wake on her face.
“I could use you to replace her.”
When he nuzzled her neck, she felt his sharp teeth trail her skin.
She had to find some way to get out from under him, some way to escape---
With a whoosh the vampire’s head fell from his shoulders and bounced off of her chest. His body collapsed on hers, the weight sudden.
Sophie panicked. She thrashed, trying to push his body off of hers. The smell of old blood and decayed skin choked her.
The eyes in the head stared up at her accusingly as she shoved it off.
As she scrambled backward, she managed to wriggle out from under him. She glanced up to see Demetri standing behind the body, his face was devoid of expression but his stance aggressive. The dark red blood on the edge of his machete caught her eye.
Sophie was mesmerized by the slow drip, drip as the red spots bounced onto the ground. She tore her gaze from it to look up at him. “Cairo?” She forced herself to stand. Around her the fire swelled in the dry hay and wooden walls. The smoke thickened and wrapped around them.
“Her remaining lackey took her and ran.” Demetri wiped the machete clean on the leg of his pants. Sophie couldn’t tell if that admission bothered him.
“Guys, I can’t hold this much longer!” Aidan yelled over the increased roar of the flames. Sweat beaded on his brow and he grit his teeth. His hands faced out and far away from his chest, and he pushed the fire back.
Jackson lost his patience and focused on the wall where Ruth, Katie, Morgan, and Lilli hunkered down. He reached out his arm, hands facing outward, and flexed his fingers.
The wall blasted outward and skyrocketed a couple hundred feet.
Oxygen rushed in, feeding the fire more.
“Get out of here!” Aidan stumbled backward and the fire expanded.
Jackson knelt down and lifted Katie into his arms. Lilli and Morgan ran after him.Tristan nudged at Sophie with his mane, urging her to make it fast. Beams groaned and splintered right after they passed under them.
Ruth and Demetri rushed out, Aidan close on their heels.
The first thing Sophie did was suck in a lungful of crisp, night air. Her heart beat painfully in her chest. She thought about what had been in there.
The barn groaned and she turned in time to see it collapse. Heat and smoke billowed out and engulfed her and her friends.
Exhaustion set in while she stared at the barn-turned-bonfire. Had they really just fought a whole coven of vampires?
And made it out alive?
Her gaze followed the smoke. It rose up into the starry sky. Was it possible all this happened on such a peaceful looking night?
Tristan joined her in his natural form. Scrapes and bruises shone in the firelight, his body was covered in soot.
His gray eyes focused on her. Her stomach flipped.
“Morgan? Morgan!” Aidan’s hoarse voice called out for her.
She shimmered into view next to him. “I’m here.” Her normally perfect visage was covered in ash, dirt, and a little bit of blood. Her hair hung in a matted mess that she absently pushed away from her face.
Jackson held Katie’s limp form in his arms but he leaned near Lilli and spoke softly to her.
Her face didn’t seem pale to Sophie after he was done.
Maybe it was the soot. Maybe it was Jackson.
Either way, Sophie was glad her friend felt a little better.
They stood in that line, weary and a little battle hardened, making sure nothing crawled out of the embers. No one spoke. They were afraid that if they did, something would waken.
Only when they heard the sirens did they make their way back to the SUV. Demetri cast a long look back at the smoldering ruins when they passed it. Sophie wondered if he replayed his meeting with Cairo.
Ruth settled a hand on his arm and kissed his cheek.
Demetri patted her hand softly.
Sophie turned away, not wanting to intrude, and followed Tristan and the others across the meadow and over the fence.
Police cars and a fire truck raced past and the group used the shadows to hide their trek to the SUV.
Demetri swung into the driver’s seat, Ruth slid into the passenger side. Jackson laid Katie out on the second row and then allowed the girls to climb into the third.
Aidan, Jackson, and Tristan climbed into the very back and pulled the hatch shut behind them.
Once they were safely back on the road to town Sophie asked, “Why were some of the vampires beautiful and the others looked like they suffered from the plague?”
Lilli leaned her head on Sophie’s shoulder.
Ruth looked back. “Some of the humans, when turned, aren’t genetically matched enough to their parent vampire. It causes their bodies to partially reject the turn. They are more like hybrids, still immortal and craving blood but crippled in other ways. The tissues and joints that rejected the turn age much like a normal human’s would but the blood they drink keeps the rest alive.”
“That’s gross.” Aidan shook his head. “That was unreal.”
Sophie felt Lilli shaking next to her. Morgan stared out the window, eyes unfocused. She reached for both their hands and refused to give Morgan the chance to let go.
Morgan squeezed Sophie’s hand but didn’t try to release it.
It seems we’re more traumatized than we’d like to admit, Sophie thought. Her eyelids drifted shut.
She shot them open a second later.
When she closed her eyes, all she could see was Cairo’s blackened body crawling toward her.







Chapter Thirteen


“You don’t look so good.” Aidan commented when Sophie walked into the symbol room the next day.
Sophie bit back an angry retort. They were all tired, she knew that. After the vampire fight last night they’d finally gotten home around four in the morning.
Once reaching the dorm, Sophie’s dreams had been full of nightmares and Cairo’s burnt form reaching out to her, so she was sure the sandman hadn’t sprinkled her with any of his magic dust.
Needless to say, she was exhausted. Now, thanks to Aidan, she knew she looked it.
He stuffed a handful of chips into his mouth and continued to look at her with an innocent expression.
“I don’t ever want to see another vampire again.” Lilli sat next to Jackson. While she’d regained her color, she hadn’t really regained her happy-Lilli personality.
Sophie watched her with concern. The last thing she wanted was Lilli becoming depressed or worried about being taken by vampires.
“We won’t.” Jackson spoke with finality. Faint discolorations crawled up his arm from under the sleeve.
Apparently they all needed more practice with their gifts.
“You have to admit it was nice. Saving someone.” Tristan leaned back. A bruise rose above the neck of his t-shirt. He observed the others’ stares. “Not that I’m saying we join forces with them. I just understand why you and Lilli went out into that storm to find the girl.”
Sophie’s face flushed at his comment. “Yeah, well, there were no vampires. We were only in danger of being stuck in the woods.”
Lilli shivered. “I’d battle hunger and the rain any day over the supernatural.”
As usual, they waited on Morgan to arrive so that they could formally deny the offer to join the Society’s team. Sophie sighed and wondered where Demetri and Ruth were. All at once, a couple more questions hit her.
Were they a couple? Did they sleep together?
She shook her head and forced herself to think about something else. Like, how the walls of the symbol room seemed colder now that they’d decided to say no.
Tristan nudged her slightly with his shoulder. He winced immediately and rubbed where his bruise was.
Sophie shot him a look of concern. When he saw, he lifted the corners of his mouth slightly and shrugged. She hated what that smile did to her insides. When she stared into his eyes, a steady gray, it felt like the calm before the storm. Lightning danced up her arms and across the back of her neck when he watched her.
The door swung open and Morgan passed through it. The skirt of her yellow sweater dress danced around her knees when she stopped.
Her entrance interrupted the connection between Sophie and Tristan. Sophie frowned and leaned back. The feelings he stirred in her overwhelmed her. She needed time to step back and analyze them.
Aidan’s eyes traveled over Morgan. He let out a low whistle.
Morgan shook her hair back and took a seat next to Tristan.
Sophie narrowed her eyes at Aidan. Of course he’d whistle at Morgan. Morgan didn’t look like she’d been up fighting vampires all night. Her gorgeous curls framed slumberous eyes and a peaceful face.
Aidan studiously ignored Sophie’s evil look as Ruth and Demetri entered.
It seemed they had gotten enough sleep too. But once Sophie looked closer she saw that they both had dark circles under their eyes. Even so, Ruth’s pace was brisk as she rounded the table to stand at the head.  She may have been dressed down in athletic pants and a tank top but her eyes blazed business. “You’re aware of why we called you here.”
Demetri folded his arms and stood just behind Ruth. His stance lent her silent support.
 It took Sophie a moment to realize that she had to be the one to speak. With a lump in her throat, she said, “We’re very grateful that you, um, helped us save Katie. But we’re not ready for something like this.”
“Who ever is?” Aidan shot off from his spot.
Sophie sent him a look. “We have priorities that don’t include fighting vampires, or demons, or whatever happens to be lurking out there. It’s not a life we want to devote ourselves to.”
Ruth waited and watched the others nod in agreement. Then she frowned. “This is, of course, your decision. We can’t persuade you either way.”
Sophie almost sighed in relief at how well Ruth took it.
“But mark my words,” Ruth continued and Sophie’s relief vanished, “Akeldama will not stop hunting for you. Her entire being is committed to wiping you off of the earth. For good this time.”
So much for being let off easy, Sophie thought. If Ruth was trying to scare them into joining she could tell it was working on the female half of the group.
Lilli twisted her fingers together. Her eyes widened and had a slight sheen of tears. Morgan’s face paled behind the narrowing of her blue eyes.
Sophie imagined her own reaction wasn’t much better.
Tristan and Jackson had identical, expressionless faces. Thin tendrils of smoke evaporated from Aidan’s shoulders.
The tension grew in the room. It was so taunt that when Demetri shifted feet and unfurled his body from leaning against the wall, Sophie winced.
Jackson stood, too, and pulled Lilli up with him. “We’re leaving.”
Invisible lines seemed to be forming right in front of her. Sophie shook her head at the horrible feeling forming in the pit of her stomach.
“Stop.”
Everyone’s focus transferred to her.
She rubbed her temples. “Can we at least part on good terms? You never know when we’ll need each other again.”
Ruth closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “You’re right, Sophie. I’m sorry. It’s just that we’ve been searching forever for you and now it feels like you’re slipping through our fingers. It’s a hard pill to swallow.”
Demetri slowly relaxed his stance.
Sophie’s face pleaded with the others to calm down. She had no idea why they were all so angry. Well, maybe she did. They all felt guilty.
She turned her thoughts from that particular mine field to another when Tristan reached for her hand. Instantly, that electric feeling shot up her arm and down her body as their palms met.
Neither Ruth or Demetri spoke up when they group left.
The late afternoon sun had given way to twilight while they’d been inside. The cold, sharp air wove its way through the dark streets.
Briefly, Sophie thought about the group of thugs that had attacked them on their first trip here. Would Tristan still be there to protect her if they were no longer tied by the same destiny?
At the bus stop closest to the school the group parted ways. Aidan headed somewhere not on campus. Morgan stalked off with one glance back at them.
Tristan and Jackson lingered for a few moments before exhaustion set in.Sophie watched the guys walk away. Her heart seemed to shrivel in her chest. Was this the end?
Lilli turned toward campus and led the way to the dorms. After a moment, Sophie forced herself to follow.
The night seemed darker as they came close to the dorms. The campus seemed deserted. All the students followed Dean West’s rules, all except for them.
They climbed the stairs to their rooms. The stairwell felt like it was closing in, the walls suddenly tightened and then rippled.
Sophie felt Lilli’s hand grab her arm.
“Sophie, I’m scared.”
Sophie smiled reassuringly and gently nudged her up the stairs. “We’re just exhausted. Mind’s playing tricks.” Still, she breathed a sigh of relief when they exited the stairwell on their floor.
“I’m going to find something to eat.” Lilli told Sophie as they entered their rooms. “I feel all shaky. Maybe something edible will help.”
“Yeah, I’m going to take a shower.” Sophie stopped in the doorway to their bedroom and looked back. “Will you be okay while I’m in there?” Her stomach clenched, like she’d eaten something bad, but she figured a shower would help her sore muscles.
Lilli nodded slowly. “I’m going to try and study. If I don’t pass out first.”
Sophie headed into the room and grabbed a change of clothes. Her slow, unsteady gait kept her from rushing.
After making sure the water streaming down was the hottest she could stand, she undressed and stepped under the spray. It cascaded down her body and relaxed her aching muscles.
Flashes of the night before danced behind her eyelids. Her muscles automatically tensed.
Thank God they were able to save Katie. Guilt sprang up when she thought about the other students they weren’t able to help, or the thousands of lives they were refusing to save.
Tears welled up and spilled over, mixing with the shower spray. She’d managed to keep it all down the past couple of months, starting with the first kidnapping, but because of her bone-tired weariness she couldn’t hold the remorse at bay.
The heavy pain in her heart forced her to sink to her knees. She wrapped her arms around herself.
A single sob escaped.
Sophie hated crying, hated the weak feeling it gave her, but the torrent wouldn’t stop.
Any one of them could’ve died. Could’ve been bitten by a vampire--a vampire!-- and been lost forever.
Before this, she’d only believed in the monsters that lurked deep inside human souls. Now, she knew that the other kind was real.
There on the floor of the shower she wept away the fear that she’d denied since yesterday morning, when her only thought was getting Katie to safety.
Her head suddenly snapped up. The tears were forgotten as a darkness teased at the edges of her mind. She reached out her senses and the violet of her eyes were swallowed by her pupils.
All she heard was the sound of the water hitting the porcelain tub but she felt the darkness that surrounded their dorm. She cocked her head to the side, searching and the darkness grew more dense. It settled around them like an endless fog, full of hate and despair.
It thickened. Her heart thumped in her chest. The hair rose on her arms when she became aware of the danger they were in.
She stood, shut the water off, and slung the shower curtain open.
A gargled scream escaped her throat. Sophie jumped back. Her head struck the tile wall behind her and she winced.
Cairo perched just outside the tub, fangs gleaming against her cooked flesh. She sneered at Sophie, hunger shining deep in her red eyes.
An odd whistling sound floated through the bathroom.
Cairo breathed through the flap in her neck.
Sophie kept her eyes shut tight while she pressed herself against the shower wall. Frigid air drafted over her wet skin and hair. She shivered violently.
The darkness pressed in, suffocating her, twisting its way along the fine hairs of her skin. Even with her eyes closed she could feel Cairo move closer by the draft of frosty air that preceded her.
Sophie knew she should just open her eyes but the terror of seeing Cairo there already had her heart beating in overdrive.
Then she became aware of Lilli’s growing fright. It rooted in her stomach and blossomed like a deadly, storm-tossed sea. It spread through her chest and arms. She realized that she had to help her friend. No matter what she saw when she opened her eyes.
Deep breath, mental pushing, then open eyes.
Sophie peeked around, her body tight and ready to jump out of the bath tub.
Cairo was gone. Vanished. Just like that.
Sophie moved with shaking hands, first one foot and then the other out of the tub. Lilli’s fright had vanished as well, leaving nothing but her own fear inside.
Her eyes searched the bathroom for any sign that the vampire was still there. When she saw that she was truly alone she grabbed the towel and rushed to dry herself. By the time she was dressed in her boxers and tank top, Lilli was knocking on the bathroom door.
Sophie jumped, even though she’d expected it.
“What was that?” Lilli cried out when Sophie stepped inside the bedroom. “I was just heating up pizza rolls and then I turn around, and Augustus is there. Leering at me!” Her voice broke. “I knew he’d come to take me.”
“Did he hurt you?” Sophie forced her own voice to stay even.
“No,” Lilli shook her head, eyes filling up with tears. “not physically. I’m just a little freaked out right now.”
“Me too. I saw Cairo.” Sophie steered Lilli into the living room and guided her to the couch. “I thought she’d come back for revenge because we’d destroyed her coven. We need to call the others, make sure they’re okay. I don’t think this attack was just for us.”
Lilli got up to grab her phone.
Someone knocked on the door. Sophie and Lilli stopped what they were doing. Sophie wondered who stood on the other side. Was it one of the guys or a demonic adversary?
As Sophie approached the door, Lilli stayed where she was.
Sophie wished she hadn’t opened the door and her mind went blank.
“Hey, Sophie.”
Her mind jump started, taking her back to her high school years.
Roman stood in front of her, his dark hair still falling across his forehead. His blue eyes traveled over her body.
It made Sophie aware that she was still a little wet from her shower and that it was beginning to soak through her pajamas. She crossed her arms and glared at him. “What are you doing here?” And now, of all times, she wanted to shout.
He smiled at her as if nothing had ever happened. As if he’d never made the school believe she was crazy. When he brushed past her and into the dorm, she shivered at the sick feeling in her stomach.
Sophie blinked at his arrogance and shook her head. She recovered enough to shut the door and repeat the question.
“I came to see you.” The smile came easily. He stopped and looked around. His mud streaked jeans and dark splattered polo stood out.
Seeing them caused her stomach to drop. Something was off about him, and it wasn’t just the fact that he obviously had amnesia and forgot the past two years.
Lilli narrowed her eyes and mirrored Sophie’s arms-crossed stance. “What is he doing here?”
The hatred brewing off of Lilli surprised Sophie because her friend was never hateful. But then again, Lilli probably remembered how much of a mess Sophie was after Roman threatened to tell the entire school about Sophie’s gift if she didn’t sleep with him.
Since Sophie refused to do it, he’d followed through. Made her look certifiably insane. Everyone had laughed at her for months.
“I think you should leave.” Sophie walked around him, feeling a slight chill as she brushed past, and came to stand beside Lilli. She felt better if they showed a united front.
She wasn’t sure, but something about Roman made her uneasy and it wasn’t just because of their past. How did he know where they lived? Why was he even here?
Roman’s smiled back while he took in the dorm.
It was so wrong, him being there. Especially when she compared him to Tristan, which was automatic. Tristan was real, earthy, caring.
Roman was fake and selfish. How could she have missed that the years she crushed on him? Hadn’t there been warning signs? Like, how they always did what he wanted? Or how the night always ended with pressuring her to take their relationship to the next level?
She watched him move across the carpet to stop right in front of her. Alarm bells rang in her head. Something was definitely not right.
“I’ve missed you. I was wrong, and I know that.” Roman’s smile twisted.
Sophie saw it then. The strange, eerie light in the back of his eyes. Crap, she thought, how did she always miss things about him?
Lilli tensed beside her.
Roman’s arm shout out. His fingers wrapped around Sophie’s neck.
“Sophie!” Lilli screamed.
Sophie gasped when he lifted her off the floor. Her feet dangled and she fought for purchase.
“No!” Lilli pushed at Roman’s arms when he shook Sophie.
He ignored Lilli’s words and actions. His eyes centered on Sophie. The demonic light shined brighter.
She felt that focus down to her toes even as her world started to spin. She choked and sputtered while she clawed at his face, his hands, his arms. Nothing fazed him. He pressed the darkness onto her.
His hands tightened around her throat. She tried to say something, anything, but couldn’t force the words out. Spots danced before her eyes.
When Roman spoke again, it was with the voice of several angry entities. “You won’t escape us this time.”
Lilli’s fists struck him awkwardly. Tears streamed down her face and she sobbed.
Roman finally noticed her attempts to free Sophie and turned his face slowly toward her. Like a puppet on strings. “Interesting.” His eyes roved over her and Lilli stopped breathing. “You heal. This could be useful to us.”
Sophie’s hands slipped and fell, hanging like dead weight, as she lost the last bit of her air. Her chest burned and her head swam. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Voices whirled through her mind, coaxing her into unconsciousness.
Lilli sobbed harder as she watched Sophie sink into oblivion. She spun around and searched for something to use for a weapon. She had to get his attention off of Sophie.
The lamp on the side table! Her hands wrapped around it. It shook when she hefted it above her head.
Roman blocked the lamp without looking at her. Lilli’s heart stopped as he swiveled his head and pinned her with an ugly sneer. “I thought the Guardians were supposed to be strong. A worthy adversary.” He gripped Lilli’s arm, making her scream, and kicked Lilli’s legs out from under her.
All the while he kept Sophie in the air.
Roman stuck his booted foot on her chest to keep her from moving and Lilli cried out. He laughed, the sound echoing, and he leaned his weight down. She gurgled from the heaviness of his body and watched Sophie’s lips turn blue.







Chapter Fourteen


Sophie floated in her mind. In the dark she thought she saw several shadows slink toward her. The pain was gone from Roman’s hands, leaving only a numbness behind.
She sat and hugged her knees to her chest. Nothing about the darkness was satisfying. The hair on her body stood on end while she shook from the cold of death.
The shadows moved closer. It struck her as odd that she could even see shadows in this pitch black darkness but she knew the answer to that. They were made of something darker.
Something evil.
It was as if Roman opened the door to some primordial malevolence that even he should fear. An entity way scarier than Akeldama.
Faintly, Sophie could hear Lilli crying and it distracted her from the shadows for a moment. Her heart hurt for her best friend. Would she die, too?
The shadows closed in and Sophie shuffled backward. They were coming to take her away. To a place of unimaginable horror.
Deep inside, she felt angry that she was so helpless. Angry that she couldn’t help her best friend in her time of need. Never mind the fact that she was dying.
Slowly, a bright light formed beside her. It grew brighter and brighter and warmed Sophie, lighting up her violet eyes and the planes of her face.
The shadows retreated from it.
The Light pulsed with life, shining with a profound purpose that called to her. It needed her to let it loose.
The call was so strong that Sophie didn’t have the strength to resist. She reached out an arm and touched it. The Light seared her and then and only comfort as it spread up her fingertips to her neck. It seeped in her skin and traveled through her body.
Intense heat changed her from the inside out. Sophie’s eyes opened wide as it swelled.

Lilli watched Sophie die. The tears wouldn’t fall anymore. Her horror went so deep she couldn’t feel. She pushed at Roman’s foot weakly.
He laughed, the sound full of death and decay. He enjoyed her anguish. Fed off of it. His foot pressed in again and Lilli knew he was going to crush her heart in her chest.
When she looked back up at her friend, her eyes widened. A violet light shone on Sophie’s skin. It throbbed and vibrated with such beauty that Lilli began to cry again.
Roman’s hold on Lilli’s chest loosened and she pushed his foot off. She scrambled backward until she reached the couch. Only then did she notice the enraptured look on Roman’s face. His gaze was glued to Sophie.
The light captivated him. It glimmered in a violet sheen that engaged his every sense. As it shone brighter, his hold on Sophie broke. She floated above the ground. Her eyes opened and shone that radiant violet.
Lilli’s mouth hung open and she gazed at Sophie until the light was too brilliant for her to see. She covered her eyes with her hands.
With each pulse, Sophie’s light became stronger and more luminous. It was like the birth of a star.
There was a loud clap of thunder. Then, nothing but light.
Lilli could see the brightness through her hands and closed eyelids. It was warm and soothing as it washed over her and through the room.
Roman grunted when the light struck him. It melted away his flesh but he didn’t feel the pain.
Then the beam disintegrated him and he felt no more.
The light sucked back into Sophie as quickly as it’d swelled. She dropped to the floor listlessly.
It took a second for Lilli’s eyes to adjust. When she could see, she crawled on hands and knees to where Sophie slumped on the floor.
“Sophie?” She whispered. The ashen color of Sophie’s face sent shock through her. Lilli laid a hand on her shoulder and jerked it back when the heat from Sophie’s skin burned her.
Within a few seconds, Sophie’s eyelids fluttered. Lilli breathed a sigh of relief as Sophie struggled to sit up.
“What happened?” Sophie blinked. The tension melted from her body when she noticed Roman was gone.
“You don’t remember?” Lilli collapsed next to her. “You became a human lighthouse.”
Sophie nodded as she recalled the light in her mind, which reminded her of how she’d gotten there. “He almost killed me! Choked me to death.” Her hands went up to her throat. She could feel the tiny bruises forming.
A small, red bird hopped wildly on the windowsill and tapped on the window.
“I’ll get it.” Lilli rushed over and opened the window.
Sophie tried to hide the fact that she shook when the red bird flew into the room. A moment later Tristan was next to her. She inhaled his scent, letting his essence calm her when he pulled her close.
The heat and strength of his body comforted her like nothing else would have. Despite trying to remain aloof from him she laid her head on his shoulder and wrapped her arms around his neck. There was no way to stop herself.
“There was a demon here, too?” Tristan rubbed her back in circles.
“Yes.”
Tristan cursed under his breath. His arms tightened around her. “They attacked us on the way back from practice.”
“Luckily, no one else was there.” Jackson said as he climbed through the window. Immediately he scooped Lilli into his arms. “Did it hurt you?”
Lilli shook her head even as she rubbed her chest. “Not much.”
Jackson scowled. “If I could’ve gotten here sooner...”
Sophie focused on the sound of Tristan’s heartbeat next to her ear. The rapid tattoo awakened yearnings in her she didn’t know she had. She placed a palm over his heart and concentrated on the feel of him. It slowly ate away the darkness that still weaseled its way around her.
“How did you guys get away?” Lilli led Jackson to the couch. Her legs felt like Jell-O.
“We tore it to pieces.” Tristan told them. His matter-of-fact tone made Sophie shiver. Were they that close to the darkness? That they could rip someone to pieces and then be so gentle with each other? “How did you get away?”
Lilli ‘s face radiated awe when she looked at Sophie. “It was the most amazing thing! The demon,” Sophie let out a breath when she didn’t say Roman’s name, “was holding Soph up by the neck, choking her. For a minute I thought she was dead.”
Jackson put an arm around her and rubbed her shoulders.
Lilli composed herself, kept talking. “Within the next minute she was glowing with a beautiful violet light. It pulsed, like it was alive. Like it was a heartbeat. The demon noticed it, too. It was like she was water to a man who’d been in the desert for a thousand years. There was such a look of adoration on his face.”
Sophie winced under Jackson’s suddenly curious gaze.
“Have you ever been able to do that before?”
“Never.” She didn’t even have to think back. This was something she would’ve remembered.
“Well, then the light exploded out from her and disintegrated the demon. Did you see it at all?” Lilli asked. “It was amazing.”
“Aidan and Morgan?” Sophie felt bad for just now thinking of them.
“When we spotted Aidan, he was heading for Morgan.” Tristan shifted her closer.
As if they knew they were being discussed, a pebble hit the window. Then another.
Jackson reluctantly left Lilli’s side for the span of time it took to mentally lift Aidan and Morgan into the room.
Morgan stumbled, grabbed onto Aidan for support.
Sophie blushed at the instant desire that roiled through Aidan at Morgan’s touch. Trying to cool it off, she looked at Morgan’s face.
Mascara ran down her too-pale cheeks. One of the heels of her boots was broken off and her yellow dress was covered in grass stains.
It hit Sophie that she wasn’t happy that Morgan, for once, wasn’t dressed to impress. Unfortunately, it made her realize that this all affected Morgan the same way it did her. It made her seem less of a brat.
Aidan made a move to step away from Morgan. Her fingers circled his wrist.
Sophie knew the contact stopped him as effectively as if she’d screamed at him. Morgan was scared, like the rest of them, and needed the comfort of touch. Aidan pulled her to his side and settled an arm around her.
“It’s clear we’ve been attacked.” Sophie mumbled. Her mind raced, even with her body so weak. “They want us scared.”
“Do you think they found out about our attack on the vampire coven?” Aidan rubbed his hand up and down Morgan’s arm.
“It’s possible.” Jackson answered. “Cairo did get out alive. She probably reported it to…you know.”
Even Jackson was reluctant to say Akeldama’s name out loud.
Lilli’s eyes sparkled with tears. “I can’t believe all of this is really happening. What did we do to deserve this? What kind of bad karma do we have?”
“Shh.” Jackson rested his head on hers. “We didn’t do anything wrong.”
Sophie watched her friends, felt Tristan beside her, and silently prayed that this wouldn’t escalate into something worse. They were all shaken up from the attack and she couldn’t stop thinking about what she‘d done. If that had been the real Roman, even if he was possessed by a demon, that would mean she’d killed him.
She didn’t want to be a murderer.
Tristan spoke, bringing her out of her thoughts. His hand settled on her hip, and it felt like he was burning a hole through her shorts. “I think it’s time we went back to Ruth and Demetri.”
Morgan snorted a protest.
Apparently, Sophie thought, she felt better. And definitely didn’t want to get back into the game with the faux professor and her consort. Sophie realized that she, herself, was starting to feel antsy. Shooting an apologetic look at Tristan, she stood and began to pace the floor.
Instantly, she missed being next to Tristan, feeling his warmth. It made her feel obsessive so she turned to look out the window. The night was calm, as if nothing had ever happened in the dorm. No demons, no Cairo, no lighthouse-Sophie. Before felt like a dream.
“Maybe we should go back to the cathedral.” Sophie looked back over her shoulder. “Like it or not, we’re in this. The demons don’t care if we don’t want to be.”
“She’s right.” Aidan shoved a hand through his hair. Circles darkened under his eyes. “I was unprepared for what happened tonight. I hate being unprepared.”
“I agree.” Jackson said. Two words that held a wealth of meaning when he tightened his arms around Lilli.
Lilli nodded, cheeks streaked with tears. “Okay.”
Last was Morgan. She’d moved away from Aidan. Her hands clasped together in her lap. Her narrowed eyes met Sophie’s. “I’m only agreeing to this because I don’t want to die. I like to be able to put up a fight. We can go and hear him out. That’s it.”
Tristan unfurled himself from the floor. Sophie watched the movement. It reminded her of a great panther uncurling from a nap. Lazy and lethal at the same time.
She could hear Jackson, Aidan, and Lilli saying their goodbyes. She knew Morgan stood by the kitchen with her arms crossed, looking bored, but all Sophie could focus on were Tristan’s gray eyes.
As he came closer, her breath hitched.
This unnatural attraction scared her. How could she trust he wouldn’t hurt her?
He stopped right in front of her, bringing his hands to her hips. Her heart skipped a beat when he dipped his head.
Sophie’s eyes fluttered closed as his lips pressed against her forehead. Disappointment warred with pleasure.
“Try and get some sleep.”
Sophie managed a weak smile. “I’ll try.”
His answering half smile warmed away some of her fear. Then he turned toward the window and morphed back into a red bird.
She felt that shift inside of her that told her they were doing the right thing. Staying on the right path. She just wasn’t sure what that path would lead them to. Jackson lowered Aidan and Morgan out the window. Then, after giving Lilli a gentle kiss on the cheek and wiping her tears away, he was gone.
Lilli slowly shut the window.
Sophie waited in silence for her to turn around. Tonight had been especially hard on Lilli. She wasn’t prone to acts of aggression. She was gentle and kind, just like her gift. Lilli did anything to help a person, even if she knew they’d done something wrong. She was like the flower she was named for.
After a few moments Lilli turned around.
Sophie didn’t like how sallow her complexion was. She took a few steps forward.
“No, just let me shower.” Lilli bit her lip and Sophie saw it tremble. “Will you sit in the bedroom? Just in case?”
Sophie nodded. Her heart seemed to fold in on itself, painfully, as she followed Lilli into the bedroom. What was happening to them? They used to worry about boys, and tests, and what they were going to do after college. Sophie sat on the bed and had to wonder, would there even be an after? Would they ever worry about that stuff again?
She waited for Lilli to turn the shower on before reaching for the phone. She had to make a call. She finished just as Lilli came into the room in her pajamas, towel drying her hair. “Who was that?”
Sophie set the phone down. “I called Todd. Just wanted to hear his voice, you know?”
Lilli nodded. “I’m exhausted.”
Sophie could feel her own eyes fighting to stay open but still offered, “I’ll stay awake until you fall asleep.”
Lilli climbed under the covers and held out her hand. Sophie took it as she sat on the edge of the bed.
While Lilli was scared, she was also running on empty, and fell asleep almost instantly.
Sophie watched her, knowing that she would do anything to protect her. Lilli was fragile and needed someone to look out for her.







Chapter Fifteen


Ruth’s surprised expression when she opened the door to the cathedral the next night would’ve made Sophie giggle if she hadn’t been so tired. Still, she couldn’t imagine what they looked like, all standing there. None of them had really slept in a few days and the demon attack had shocked them more than they wanted to admit.
“Come in?” Ruth formed it as a question as she stepped aside.
Sophie hesitated before taking her first step. The cathedral still had that unwelcome feel to it. The good thing was that Ruth may have been surprised but Sophie couldn’t detect any anger underneath it.
That would make their crawling back much easier.
Demetri waited in the Symbol Room. His eyes scanned their faces. “What happened?”
“We were attacked by some demons last night.” Sophie relayed while they all took a seat around the table.
“How did you get away?” Ruth asked, her voice more compassionate than Demetri’s.
Sophie fidgeted in her chair. She already felt like a freak without having to explain that she turned into a shining purple star.
“Sophie disintegrated the demon attacking us with bright, purple light.” Lilli smiled a little.
The lighthouse moniker is seriously beginning to get on my nerves, Sophie thought.
Demetri’s head snapped up and his eyes bored into her. Sophie squirmed some more.
“What?”
After a second he broke the stare and shared a look with Ruth. The back of her neck tingled.
“What?” She repeated. Her legs bounced from the anxiety.
Tristan placed a hand on her knee. She stilled instantly. Heat spread up her legs to her stomach where a horde of butterflies blossomed.
“The haunting sounds like Samuel.” Demetri told them.
“Who’s Samuel?” Aidan asked.
“He’s Akeldama’s pet demon. Does all her handy work. He’s been with her since a few years after she was born.”
“That’s a long time.” Sophie mumbled. “Did I destroy him with the light thing?”
“The light thing?” Ruth smiled. “No, he only works in illusion, what you saw that night was all in your mind. He likes to use mental guerrilla tactics to force his prey to hurt themselves.”
“So he can’t have his own form?” Sophie pressed. “Like one that looks like someone else?”
They all paid attention to her now. It must have been her earnest tone. She cleared her throat. “I mean, I was just wondering.” Please, God, tell me I didn’t murder my ex, she thought.
“No, it wasn’t real. We’ve been keeping close tabs on all of you, so we would’ve heard about the attack as it happened.”
“How did they find us?” Tristan kept his hand on Sophie’s knee.
“Cairo escaped. She could’ve led them here.” Demetri didn’t spare their feelings. “This means Akeldama has found you as well. This is going to get ugly.”
“That’s so stupid.” Aidan ran a hand through his hair in annoyance.
Sophie wanted to agree. Life was so much simpler before all this happened. Now they had to worry about demons attacking them from everywhere and a crazy, hell-bent, queen demon determined to destroy them.
Just another day, right?
“We want you to train us. So we can protect ourselves.” Jackson spoke up.
Sophie shook her head. The boy was so quiet that when he did speak up, his voice demanded that people listen.
Demetri opened his mouth to say something. By the look on his face, Sophie imagined it wasn’t going to be pretty, but Ruth touched a hand to his arm. He followed her to a corner where they whispered fiercely.
Ruth gestured to make a point and Demetri nodded. His scowl didn’t disappear even when Ruth started smiling.
She headed back over to them. “You have to train seriously. We won’t waste our time.”
Sophie waited a moment, giving the others one last time to disagree. Everyone nodded. “Deal.”
Demetri inclined his head. “Very well. Training starts tomorrow after class.”

Sophie looked around the classroom, not recognizing it as hers. Her movements, her thoughts, didn’t feel like her own. They were detached and vulnerable.
The professor was giving a lecture about syntax in research papers. She tuned his voice out and tried to figure out where she was. The girl sitting next to her rolled her eyes.
“Morgan? Are you even listening to me? I said, you need to stop hanging out with those losers and bring Tristan and Jackson to the party.”
Morgan? She was in Morgan’s body?
Sophie felt Morgan’s annoyance like it was her own. Morgan hated the fact that she wanted to defend them. Most of all, she wanted to hate Aidan and the way he made her feel.
It made Sophie want to smile. If she’d had a mouth of her own. Then she noticed who the other girl was and frowned.
Laura. Morgan’s supposed best friend.
The thing was, Morgan really couldn’t stand Laura. So, Sophie wondered, why would she continue to hang out with her?
The professor’s voice stopped. Morgan turned toward the front of the classroom.
Dean West stood next to the professor. Sophie watched through Morgan’s eyes as the dean’s arms gestured forcibly and her hair, normally never a strand out of place, frizzed out of a sloppy ponytail.
They turned and looked at Morgan.
Sophie felt the chill as deeply as Morgan did when the dean looked straight at her.
“Morgan, if you could please come with me.”
It was a command. Morgan ignored the looks of curiosity from her classmates as she grabbed her stuff and followed the dean out of the room.
Sophie listened to the thousand thoughts that crossed Morgan’s mind.
Did the dean know about her talents? Did the cops somehow discover that a demon had actually attacked them in the library? Did the cops know about the others? Then, her derision at wanting to warn them.
“Come right this way, Morgan.” Dean West slowed her hectic pace to walk beside her.
“What’s this about?” Morgan asked. They turned to the right and she realized they headed toward the dean’s office.
“There was a guest speaker here yesterday that gave a lecture on finances for the marketing majors. She asked that I allow her to interview a few students for an article she’s writing.”
Sophie felt a fissure of darkness at the dean’s words. It stirred slowly, like an awakening predator.
“I’m not a marketing major.” Morgan spoke up. She remembered that she and the others were missing yesterday.
“Ms. Newland specifically asked for you.” The dean stopped at the doorway to her office. It was solid oak, no one would be able to hear the dean’s meetings.
Sophie felt Morgan’s fingertips disappear.
Morgan shoved them behind her back. There was a distinct fear coming from her friend now, and Sophie understood it.
Why would the speaker ask specifically for her?
“It’ll only take a few minutes of your time.” Dean West nodded for Morgan to enter her office.
Taking one last look at the dean, Morgan entered the office. The door shut behind her and she assumed the dean was making sure she stayed inside.
A sweep of her gaze revealed the office was empty. Sophie knew that’s what Morgan saw but with her psychic senses she felt so much more. The dark tendrils danced all over the corners and shadows spun over the walls.
They were excited, ready. Waiting.
Sophie squirmed, wishing she had some way to warn Morgan. She needed to run. Now.
The windows to the office were covered by dark burgundy curtains. No one in the courtyard would be able to see inside.
“Hello.”
The temperature of the room plummeted.
Sophie tried to scream for Morgan to go, jump through the window; anything but turn around. She recognized that voice.
Morgan whirled around to see a woman in a red pantsuit standing in front of the door. She was stunningly beautiful, with the face of an angel. Her blue eyes held no warmth as she tilted her head to the side.
“Hi.” Morgan’s voice shook a little.
Sophie had no idea how to warn her. She screamed, she cursed, and then she screamed again. Nothing was working.
She was just an observer. She knew it was a vision. But, she couldn’t stop herself from trying.
Morgan convinced herself that it was just an interview, even though her heart thudded painfully. The woman only wanted to ask her some questions.
“Why don’t you have a seat? We can discuss this comfortably.” Newland looked Morgan over closely.
Sophie wanted to scream that her name wasn’t Newland. She wasn’t a speaker at all.
Morgan took a seat in one of the dark leather chairs in front of the desk and Newland walked around her. Morgan shivered, her nerves taunt with fear.
Sophie felt she was pacing, even though she didn’t have a solid form. She wasn’t a ghost either, and unlike her other visions, she couldn’t interact at all. Her only hope was that this one was far enough out that she could still help when she woke up. There was a clock on the wall behind the demon. It read two o’clock.
Newland sat forward. Sophie’s and Morgan’s attention both pinpointed on her. “How long have you known about your powers?”
A strangled sound escaped Morgan’s mouth. Her left hand disappeared completely.
“Ah, so you do not know who I am?” Triumph laced Newland’s voice. She stared at where Morgan’s hand used to be.
“Akeldama.” For her part, Morgan’s voice didn’t shake. Her eyes widened. She struggled to break through the shock.
Akeldama giggled. The skin on her face rippled like it couldn’t contain the evil within.
“This is going to be much easier than I anticipated. You, all alone. Why aren’t you with your companions?”
Morgan’s breath came in quick gasps. Her right hand gripped the arm of the chair.
Sophie tried to figure out a way to warn Morgan. The darkness thickened. It slid behind them and blocked the doorway. Morgan couldn’t see it but something told Sophie that she could at least tell it was there on a subconscious level.
Morgan broke through her shock. She had to think. Had to make it out of this alive.
She dashed for the door, knocking her chair over.
Akeldama appeared in front of it just as Morgan reached for the door knob. Red eyes stood out against black scales that undulated down the left side of her face.
Morgan screamed. She stumbled. Her legs bumped the fallen chair and she hit the ground on her knees. Her only thought was to get somewhere she could disappear. Then she could think. Could figure out a way out of this.
Akeldama moved slowly around the chair.
Morgan’s body started to shake. Her hand reappeared.
Sophie fought against the restraints her vision had set, but the harder she struggled, the weaker she felt and she knew she needed to see what happened.
“You call yourself a Guardian? All I see is a pathetic weakling who can’t even realize her true potential.” Akeldama came two steps closer. Morgan’s breath hitched as the demon gripped the handles of the chair. “There is no where for you to go.”
The chair smashed against the wall. The sounds of the pieces battering the floor jarred Morgan into action. She crawled backward underneath the knee space of the dean’s desk.
Akeldama cackled. The demon’s excitement over the hunt dwarfed Sophie.
Morgan leaned back against the drawers. Her eyes darted back and forth for a way out. She had to find a way out.
“The others won’t save you.” The demon whispered in her ear.
Morgan paled and turned her head, met the red-eyed gaze. It was no more than a few inches from hers. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a claw gleam in the light.
She clinched her eyes shut and disappeared. The fear gagged her. She fought against it and scuttled around the desk, still invisible.
Akeldama rose to her full height. The pupils of her eyes were whole now, taking in every movement in the room.
Morgan crouched behind a potted tree. She breathed in and out slowly, tried to be quiet. For all she knew, demons could have bionic hearing.
“I will find you, Guardian. I can smell you.” Akeldama swiped at a bookshelf next to her. It cut cleanly in two and then fell to both sides.
The window is too far, Morgan thought, and so is the door. Either way I’m going to have to make a run for it.
Morgan bolted.
Akeldama heard her footsteps and swiped her claw.
Pain seared across Morgan’s side. She cried out and covered it with a hand, trying to press the pain away. The shock of it forced her to reappear.
Akeldama’s focus zeroed in on where she stood. Her lips turned up.
The air in Morgan’s lungs felt too thin. She gasped, trying to draw in more. She knew there was no way out. A pressure built in her body as she watched Akeldama shift her weight back and forth between feet. Needle pricks of sensation swarmed her body.
Akeldama lunged.

Sophie shot up. The scream in her throat didn’t make it out as she bumped heads with Lilli, who was knelt over her. It took a few seconds for her to realize she wasn’t in the dean’s office, but on her kitchenette floor.
Lilli groaned and rubbed her forehead then pulled Sophie up to stand. “You were on the phone with Todd and then you fainted. I couldn’t wake you up.”
Todd? Sophie thought. She tried to remember being on the phone. Todd had been telling her something about Roman. Then, sweet relief when she learned he was still alive. Then, the piercing headache when she’d started to see the vision of Morgan--
“Morgan!” Sophie looked at the Hello Kitty clock on the wall. It was 2:08.
“What?” Lilli brushed a strand of hair back from her face. She frowned at Sophie’s manic expression.
Pop.
“What was that?” Lilli squeaked.
Horror projected into Sophie’s mind. She knew who it was without even having to look. Morgan had finished the vision without her.
Once she entered the living room, she saw Morgan swaying on her feet in the center. The cheerleader’s gaze widened and her mouth formed a small “oh”.
“Oh my God.” Lilli covered her mouth with her hand. She took a deep breath.
Morgan took a step toward the couch. Her knees buckled.
Lilli managed to catch her before she hit the ground and helped her the rest of the way. “It’s okay. You’re safe now.”
Sophie listened to Lilli’s soothing tones and followed.
Words formed on Morgan’s lips. No sounds emerged.
“Shh.” Lilli stroked Morgan’s curls and murmured soothingly. She shot a questioning look at Sophie.
How was she to explain that Akeldama had found them? Sophie lowered herself onto the couch. “Morgan, I had a vision just before you showed up here. I know what happened.”
Fat tears rolled down Morgan’s cheeks.
Sophie knew she was replaying what happened in her mind, and that the demon’s laughter echoed through it. When Morgan’s sobs subsided, Sophie asked, “How did you get here?”
Lilli met Sophie’s gaze over the top of Morgan’s head. Her concern broadcasted.
For a minute Morgan was silent. Her body still shook and pieces of it kept disappearing and reappearing randomly. Like she was a bad signal on satellite. Sophie and Lilli ignored all of that and waited for her to speak.
“I don’t know how it happened. I was there in the office with that… creature … and the next thing there was a pressure building in my body. I felt like I was being stretched uncontrollably, and then I opened my eyes and I was here.”
Sophie thought about this for a moment. Earlier that week, she’d emitted a purple light that demolished demons. There was no telling what each of them were capable of. They’d never had a reason to explore what they could do.
She told the girls this.
“She knows who we are.” Morgan whispered. Her voice was steadier when she grasped Lilli’s hand.
There was a sharp instant of panic.
“What are we going to do? If she knows who we are, how can we hide?” Lilli glanced at Sophie.
“I don’t know.” Sophie stood, started to pace.
Morgan bristled at Sophie’s accusing tone.
“It could’ve been any one of us.” Sophie went on. “What if she attacks us again? Are we prepared for that? Can we handle it? I think we’re in this whether or not we want to be.”
“We should call the guys and let them know what happened. They’re probably in class but I’m sure they’ll head over when they read it. And we need to let Demetri and Ruth know.” Lilli grabbed her cell phone and sent a quick text out to the guys telling them what happened and that they were okay.
“Sure. Whatever.” Morgan took a few calming breaths. “Can I have something to drink? My mouth is really dry.”
Sophie grabbed a can from the fridge. Her mind whirled around, trying to figure out what Akeldama wanted with them. Was it just to annihilate them? Or was there a bigger plan? She tried to tune into her instincts as she handed the drink to Morgan.
“You need to stay here tonight.” Lilli told her firmly as she guzzled down the soft drink.
Fear flashed in Morgan’s eyes before she masked it. “That’s probably a good idea.”







Chapter Sixteen



Once the guys, Demetri, and Ruth learned about the attack on Morgan, training began at a rapid pace. Almost every night the group met at the bus stop after classes and headed to the church’s basement, where they learned how to use their gifts with precision and agility. On the off times when they weren’t training, the group was usually studying or doing homework in the girls’ dorm.
There was a rule now that none of them was to go anywhere alone, including home on the holidays. Demetri drilled into their heads that there was safety in numbers.
Sophie felt a bit safer knowing that Ruth still acted as a professor and that Demetri was still a security guard on campus. She’d even seen Father Kent dressed in his clerical robes in the back of classrooms or strolling near them when they walked from class to class.
In the small locker room in the basement of the church, Sophie pulled on her training clothes. Morgan and Lilli were deep in discussion behind her.
“How do you feel about going home with Aidan?” Lilli asked this slyly while she tied her tennis shoes.
“I have to sit with him for two days, at his house, pretending to be his girlfriend.” Morgan slammed her locker closed. “How do you think I feel?” She stormed out of the room, leaving the door to bang shut behind her.
Lilli giggled a little. “She’s so defensive about it. I can’t help myself.”
“She’s my training partner today, remember?” Sophie sent a baleful glance at Lilli. “And now you pissed her off. Thanks.”
“How do you feel about going home with Tristan?”
The question caused warm sparks to center in Sophie’s stomach. How did she feel about taking Tristan home to her family? A small smile touched her lips before she could stop it.
Lilli nodded, satisfied. “Yeah, I thought so.”
“What about you? With Jackson?”
“Same.” Lilli rubbed her hands together. “I’m off to keep the boys alive. Hopefully, they’ll leave wounds I can fix.”
Sophie shook her head and they parted ways. She wasn’t looking forward to fighting Morgan while she was in one of her moods. The girl was vicious and invisible.
When Sophie reached their training area, Morgan and Ruth already had the large blue mat rolled out. She stopped at the edge and waited on Ruth’s command.
Morgan narrowed her eyes and took her place at the other side. Inwardly, Sophie winced.
It was going to be a painful session.
“Go.” Ruth ordered.
Morgan disappeared.
Sophie immediately reached out with her senses. Before, Ruth had blindfolded her to get her used to using her power. Now, she had to use the rest of her senses in conjunction to keep track of where Morgan was.
Movement to her left. Sophie swung up her arm and blocked a blow that would’ve hit her in the face. Morgan was really pissed about having to go home with Aidan.
The mat creaked behind her. She whirled around, swiping her left leg out, and knocked Morgan’s feet out from under her.
Morgan flickered into view for a few seconds when she hit the mat. A wave of frustration rolled into Sophie from below.
The reason distracted her. Morgan didn’t like feeling helpless or weak. She didn’t like knowing that Akeldama knew where they were, or feeling like she wasn’t safe to fall asleep at night.
It drove her crazy.
“Pay attention, Sophie.” Ruth called from the sidelines.
Sophie’s body snapped to the side when Morgan tackled her. The breath exploded from her lungs as her head smacked the concrete just off of the mat.
Morgan pinned her down. Her body appeared in stages.
Sophie was struck by the distress in Morgan’s eyes. She waited until Morgan scooted off of her before she asked, “Are you okay?”
“I don’t know.”
Ruth came closer.
“Did we upset you when we teased you about Aidan?”
“No.” Morgan shook her head. “I expect that. I even get it from Aidan.”
Sophie remained silent. If someone wanted to talk, it was best to not pressure them with questions.
Morgan sighed. “I have this frustration and agony deep inside but I don’t know why. Or where it comes from. I’ve never felt it before and I can’t get it to stop.”
“Maybe you’re still worried about the attack.” Ruth placed a hand on Morgan’s shoulder. “We’re doing the best we can to make you ready for the next one.”
Morgan nodded, disappeared. “I know.”
Sophie knew their conversation was over. She readied herself for the next attack.
For the next two hours, they both gave hits and received them. Ruth corrected Sophie’s form and instructed them on how to use their bodies as weapons. When Ruth called time, Sophie and Morgan were sweaty, bruised, and every muscle in their bodies burned.
“Much better.” Ruth tossed them each a bottle of water. “You’ve come a long way in the past two weeks. Now, Morgan, we’ll practice your teleporting and then visit the guys. And don’t forget. Tomorrow is weapons training.”
Sophie groaned. Weapons training was the worst. She never could get the gun to shoot where she wanted it to go.
They rolled up the heavy blue mat and leaned it against the wall. Ruth drew an x on the floor in blue, red, and black chalk.
From her vantage point on the floor, Sophie watched Ruth call red.
Morgan’s emotions stretched. The air shimmered violently and then a pop. She appeared on the red chalk.
Before, Morgan had to work on her precision and land on each x perfectly. Now that she had that down, she worked on her speed and agility.
“Blue.”
Pop.
Sophie leaned her head back against the wall and forced her breathing to even out. Even with the training, she worried that they weren’t going to be able to stop Akeldama. She was full of hatred and malice. Her only wish was to annihilate the six of them.
Their only wish was to stay alive.
There was no balance there. She was immortal. They were mortals with extra gifts. How were they supposed to beat her?
“Soph, let’s go.” Morgan waved her over. “I’m finished, so Ruth wants to go watch the guys.”
A smile spread. “I’m okay with that.”
Morgan rolled her eyes and pulled Sophie up. “Of course you are.”
Sophie groaned as all the muscles in her body stretched. They walked toward the concrete room that Aidan used for his fire. As they approached, Sophie saw Lilli and Father Kent watching from the window a story above the training room.
Demetri was off in a corner, cleaning weapons for tomorrow.
Goodie, weapons, Sophie thought. She stopped next to Lilli. “Have you had any chance to train yet?”
“A few times. Aidan scorched Tristan so bad earlier, it took me half an hour to heal him. Tristan was in bear form. The smell of burnt hair was awful.” Lilli wrinkled her nose.
Sophie swallowed against the thought of Tristan being hurt. “I guess if they didn’t get hurt, you wouldn’t be able to train.”
Lilli laughed. “As long as they don’t try to kill each other, I’ll do my job.” She looked over at Morgan, then nudged Sophie.
Morgan’s gaze followed Aidan as he paced on his side of the room. He wore a grim frown and fire danced up his arms. Every so often the flames would dance out like a solar flare.
The door to the training room opened and Tristan sauntered out.
Sophie’s breath caught when his gaze met hers. His eyes were stormy, like the frown on his lips. He’d removed his shirt because of the heat from Aidan’s flames and wore only a pair of jeans. Black soot marked his chest and neck and he smelled of smoke.
“Hey.” He shoved his hands in his pockets.
Her mind went blank. She couldn’t think of anything to say. Instead, she offered him her water bottle.
His lips turned up slightly and he took it. “Thanks.”
 She watched him guzzle it down and forced herself to breathe. His strong jaw line made her stomach flip.
Lilli nudged her again.
She swung her gaze back to the training room.
Jackson stood at the opposite end of Aidan, palms in front of him, perfectly still. Sophie could almost imagine massive white wings unfolding from his shoulder blades, he looked that much like an avenging angel.
Useless pieces of furniture sat waiting to be used at his command.
Aidan still paced. His restless energy enveloped the room. Sophie could feel his deep frustration. His helplessness.
Her fingers curled into fists. It was keen, running deeper than she could’ve imagined. It also was identical to the frustration Morgan had felt.
When she saw the tears streaming down Morgan’s face, she knew. The two of them were linked on a primal level. Morgan shared Aidan’s emotions.
Lilli gasped. Sophie forced her attention back to the room.
Aidan fired off several globed flames. They flew hot and fast.
Jackson formed a mental wall with his mind.
The fireballs slammed into it. The room echoed with the explosions.
Aidan’s desperation heightened. Sophie could feel it clawing at his insides. It suffocated him.
The smoke cleared and Jackson lifted a few chairs. He whirled them around in a figure eight pattern. Faster and faster they turned, until it looked like one long piece of furniture.
Aidan’s eyes narrowed. His flames burned hotter.
The chairs rushed toward him.
His fire incinerated them immediately. Ashes floated to the floor. Aidan’s chest heaved.
Ruth and Demetri had joined them now. Everyone seemed to realize that it wasn’t an ordinary training session.
Tristan made a move to go stop them.
“No. Let them finish.” Demetri ordered.
“Aidan’s going to kill him.” Tristan growled.
No one risked a glance at Morgan. Her shoulders shook.
“Jackson can handle it.” Demetri nodded at the window.
Sophie bit down on her lip to keep Aidan’s emotions from overwhelming her. The group didn’t need two crying women at the same time.
Jackson closed his eyes. Beams creaked as the baby grand piano and the desk levitated behind him.
Aidan’s jaw clenched when they charged him. The flames heated higher than Sophie had ever seen them burn.
It split the piano in two. The sections skimmed on either side of him.
The blast of heat from the room was intense.
The cold look of triumph was wiped from Aidan’s face when the desk hurtled into his midsection.
Morgan gasped and placed a hand against the window. She snatched it back when the heat seared her palm. Her shared frustration evaporated in the face of her worry.
Jackson quickly moved the pieces of the desk. He bent down and hoisted Aidan over his shoulder, fireman style, and carried him up the stairs.
Tristan had the door open for him when he reached the top.
“Oh my God.” Morgan slid down to the floor when she saw the blood covering Aidan’s body.
White bone stood out against his stomach and wrists. A desk leg impaled his right shoulder and a large gash scuffed his face.
“I see a few of his ribs, Lilli.” Jackson gently laid him on the floor in front of her.
Aidan’s labored wheezing caught Sophie off guard. From her spot a few feet away she could feel the heat wafting off of his body.
Lilli knelt down and pressed her hands to Aidan’s ribs. He moaned when the golden energy traveled from her palm into his body.
Sweat beaded on his brow when Lilli moved to his shoulder.
“Jackson, I need you to remove the wood. Tristan, hold him down.” Lilli placed a hand on the side of Aidan’s face. “What were you thinking?”
Ruth, Demetri, and Kent watched silently. Morgan crawled over and placed Aidan’s head in her lap. She ignored the blood on his face and stroked his hair. The gentleness calmed him and the heat dissipated. Sophie felt the frustration lighten.
Jackson kept his eyes trained on Aidan’s and gripped the desk leg.
Aidan nodded.
Jackson wrenched it out and Aidan’s body arched in pain.
Lilli went to work instantly, relaxing him as she did. She moved on to his wrists and then, finally, his face. When she sat back, Jackson wrapped an arm around her.
“Would you guys give us a minute?” Sophie spoke to Ruth, Demetri, and Kent.
Ruth nodded, “Of course.” She placed a hand on Demetri’s arm. “Let’s go.”
Kent tilted his head to the side before he followed them out.
Sophie was, too. What had caused that much heartache that not only Morgan felt it, but Aidan couldn’t control it? “Morgan, that frustration you felt earlier?”
“I know. It was his.” Morgan sighed when she looked down into his face. “What happened?”
Aidan forced himself into a sitting position. Morgan helped him lean against the wall. He pulled her close when she went to move away.
His emotions surged through him. They reached out to Sophie, wrapped around her.
“My mom,” his voice faltered, “My mom has cancer.”
Lilli covered her mouth with her hand.
“Aidan.” Morgan put her arms around him.
The pressure in Sophie’s chest grew.
“Why didn’t you tell us sooner?” Jackson asked.
“It’s spread to her lymph nodes.” Aidan swallowed. He blinked a few times. “She’s basically in a drug induced coma to keep her from feeling the pain.”
“I could---”
“No, Lilli, you can’t.” Aidan smiled weakly. “The cancer is…everywhere. I thought of that, too, but it’s metastasizing rapidly. So, unless we can give her a new body…”
“But, I could try.”
Sophie, knowing Lilli’s gift as well as she did, shook her head. “It would kill you.”
“Thanks for the offer, though.” Aidan’s sincerity sliced through Sophie. “I know you would if you were able.” He stood, eyes haggard. “I’m going to shower.”
They watched him walk away. He held his head high and his back stiff when he left. Only Sophie and Morgan knew how badly his heart ached.







Chapter Seventeen


Laughter reached her ears while she made her way down the marble staircase. The sound filled her with joy. It had been so long since her society rejoiced. Now that the war was over, her people could sleep in peace.
The ballroom was a vision of candle light and flowers. White and gold ribbon, the island’s colors, wrapped around the pillars circling the dance floor. Already many couples weaved in and out with the music. No one had noticed her yet, so she had time to search the crowd for him.
Her red silk dress hugged her body. It made her feverishly wish that Thane was here. It’d been five years since she’d last saw him. Five years to realize that every time they argued she fell more in love with him. Then, he’d been off in the Dark War to fight for their country, for their island.
Did he miss her? Did he burn to see her as she did to see him?
Sofrina knew all the young men would be there to dance with her. And, of course she would dance with them since it was her duty. That wouldn’t change the fact that Sofrina only had eyes for Thane.
How much had he changed? Aediva wondered as her hand slid down the banister. Her brother Julius was home as well and he’d changed much in the year that he’d been gone. No longer was his face bare. His beard covered the stubborn set of his chin.
The short announcer waited at the base of the stairs. He bowed low before calling out her entrance. “The Oracle, Lady Sofrina.”
She hadn’t been the Oracle when he left. Would he find her title intimidating? Heads turned to catch a glimpse of her and she was uncomfortable with the attention. What she wouldn’t give to be a normal woman tonight.
As soon as her slippered toe stepped off the staircase her best friend, Lilah, was at her elbow. “You’re brother is so handsome.”
Sofrina flicked her an irritated glance. “He’s my brother. What do I care if he is handsome or not?”
Lilah’s blond curls bounced when she laughed. “Oh, stop your nonsense. Your brother is handsome no matter what you think.”
Sofrina nodded politely to an elderly couple walking by, her eyes darting back and forth, searching for even one glimpse of Thane. The couple bowed their heads in respect to the Oracle.
“Look, Morgana and Ash are dancing!” Lilah’s eyes sparkled and she nodded toward them.
“I believe she actually missed arguing with him while he was gone.” Sofrina pushed down the jealousy at seeing the married couple smile at each other. At first, Morgana and Ash had hated each other and their arranged marriage. Now, it didn’t look like they hated anything. She nodded to a few soldiers. They bowed and turned away. “I wish I’d never been born with these powers.”
Lilah stopped walking and faced her friend. “Sofrina, you mustn’t speak like this. It’s who you are. Embrace it.”
Sofrina lowered her voice to a whisper so that no one could hear them. “People fear me. They respect me only because I could give their secrets away. They don’t come close to me.”
“I do!” Lilah waved a hand to encompass the people. “They don’t fear you.”
“I know you don’t.” Sofrina fought the impulse to cross her arms in a most unladylike way. “But what will Thane think?” The question was out before she’d finished thinking it.
“I thought you hated him!”
Sofrina blushed. “That was then. Besides, I’ve told you of the visions I’ve had about him. About all of us.”
Worry darkened Lilah’s eyes. “Those visions must be of pure fancy. It would mean that someone around us is possessed by the Demoness.”
The musicians started up another tune. Courtiers began to dance more. Sofrina ignored Lilah’s statement as Julius approached.
“Sister, you wouldn’t mind if I stole Lilah for a dance?” Julius held out his arm for Lilah to take.
“Of course I wouldn’t. But be mindful not to step on her feet, Brother.”
Julius grinned. “My footwork has improved over five years.”
Sofrina held her smile until they’d joined the others on the dance floor. She felt her common pang of loneliness and knew she had to get out of this crowd. Several people stopped her, chatted inanely, but finally she made it outside onto the balcony.
She knew she was alone. The only light was from the full moon that hung over her beloved city, so the shadows hid her while she leaned against the balustrade.
Below she could see several carriages as more people arrived. She let her attention wander to the buildings, over the fountain in the center of the city, to rest on the Temple.
She felt a warmth run through her veins. That was her home, where she felt the most normal. It stood out, smaller only than the palace to the left. The tip of the spires were lit with giant torches. They beckoned to her.
The warmth in her veins burned hotter. Her power shimmered.
“It’s been a long time.” A deep voice caressed the back of her neck.
She knew who it was before she turned her head to look. “Yes, it has.”
Thane stood in the black of his full dress uniform, minus the armor. He leaned insolently against a pillar. His hair was darker, and the stubble that shadowed his chin caused her stomach to flutter. He’d never looked so…solid. Sofrina didn’t need her power to tell that he was different. Contained but lethal, dangerous and protective at the same time. Definitely not the carefree boy who’d left. She trembled and despised herself for it. She wanted the upper hand here.
Thane stepped closer, his eyes roaming over her body. “I’ve been waiting to see you, Oracle.” His warm hand enveloped hers, he brought it to his lips.
“Sofrina.” She blushed. “You can call me by my name. We’re friends..” Oh, how she wished to be more!
His lips twitched. “Thank you for your permission.” He tucked her hand into the crook of his elbow. “May I have this dance?”

The vision danced on the edges of Sophie’s mind throughout the next few days. It distracted her with the subtle hint of danger, with the not so subtle hint of love and desire, and with the reason it was tied to the present. Was there an order to the things she saw? Did everything have a purpose or did her past self, Sofrina, surface the longer she was near Tristan?
That was a distraction all its own. Whenever he was near, she could barely concentrate on anything other than the way his eyes darkened when they looked at each other, or the way his body looked when he moved. When she saw how aggressive he was in training, it caused a fire to melt through her blood. And now, being in the close quarters of his truck, with him so near, was almost unbearable.
They were headed toward her parent’s house for Thanksgiving. Two hours down, about ten minutes to go. Part of her wanted the desperation to end and another, more torturous part, couldn’t imagine it ever being over.
She’d kept the vision to herself until the ride to her parents. She’d told him about the balcony and their conversation without illuminating their mutual attraction. Now, she told him about Morgan and Aidan’s arranged marriage.
His surprised laugh, deep and rich, tickled her insides. “They were married? Did you tell them that?”
Sophie shook her head and watched the familiar sights coast by. “No, you’re the first one I’ve told.”
He smiled. “I like that. You telling me first. But I want to be there when you tell them.”
Sophie laughed when she imagined their faces. Morgan’s disdain, Aidan’s exhilaration.
“You should laugh more often.” Tristan spoke suddenly. There was still a curve to his lips but his eyes were serious. “I know what we’re going through right now is terrifying, but you should definitely laugh some more. We can’t let her win, Soph. If she takes away our happiness, isn’t that a score for her?”
Sophie knew he was right, didn’t want to admit it, but knew all the same. It was just hard to focus on happy thoughts when you knew a powerful demon was hunting you down.
She saw the white wooden sign that said, Sunset Bed and Breakfast, Next Right. “That’s our turn.”
“Your parents own a bed and breakfast?”
“It was their dream. They based it on the history of our town, and since it’s only fifteen minutes to the beach, it thrived. Mom said the B&B’s closed while we’re here.” Sophie told him when they drove down the winding driveway.
Home was good for her senses. It filled her with joy, contentment, and love. Maybe it was because her parents built the house and Sophie didn’t have to deal with the emotions of people before them. Most of the guests that came to the B&B were happy, relaxed, and thought only of their vacations. Her home was a safe haven from all the dark emotions of the world.
The lawn was green and full of circular flower beds of various colors, and the giant weeping willows provided shade over the many stone paths that ran around the house. In the late afternoon sunlight, the house and land looked like a lost fairy kingdom.
“Wow.” Tristan parked and took in the scene. “This place is beautiful.” He looked over at Sophie.
Sophie turned and that electrifying jolt hit her when she saw Tristan watching her. The breath caught in her throat at the look in his eyes. She felt that pull, that compulsion to lean closer. To fall into him and never leave. Before she could, they both heard a screen door slam shut.
Todd raced down the front steps and across the yard.
Sophie laughed when he yanked open her door and snatched her out. He pulled her into a hug and twirled her around.
“I thought I’d be gone when you got here.” Todd squeezed her tighter. “I missed you.”
Sophie caught sight of her parents coming out of the house when Todd stopped spinning. “I missed you, too.” She looked over his neat appearance and arched a brow when she noticed his jeans and navy polo were actually ironed. “You have a date. With Brooke.”
Todd smiled. “Yes. And speaking of dates…” He glanced over her shoulder to see Tristan getting out of the truck. “I get to meet yours.”
“Todd, this is Tristan. Tristan, Todd.” Sophie watched them shake hands, noting the differences in the two guys she cared about. Todd stood relaxed, asking Tristan about school. His eyes were friendly, and his smile was bright. Tristan was slightly taller than her brother and his stance looked relaxed, but Sophie could sense the power inside him. His eyes were friendly as well, but there was a wariness behind them. He smiled back at Todd, though, and answered his questions politely.
“He’s a nice looking young man.”
Sophie smiled and hugged her mom, Tara. “Yes, he is.”
“He treating you right?” Her dad, Lyle, asked. His face was serious and Sophie knew he thought of Roman.
Sophie thought of how Tristan treated her. It was a lot better than Roman’s way. “Of course, Dad.” His hug was a little tighter than her mom’s and she knew it was his way of saying he missed her.
“Todd, help Tristan with the bags.” Tara ordered while she hugged Tristan. “It’s very nice to meet you.”
“You, too, Mrs. Lawrence.” Tristan waited until her mom stepped back before shaking hands with her dad. “Mr. Lawrence.”
By the time Tristan and her dad were done speaking, Todd had already unloaded both their duffel bags.
“We have dinner ready for the two of you, since Todd is going out. I tried to convince him to stay but that didn’t work out too well.”
“Mom,” Sophie laughed, “I’ll be here for the next few days. Let the boy have his date.” She knew how much Todd liked Brooke, and she wanted him to have his fun. Besides, she would get to have a little time alone with Tristan after dinner and it was about time she found out some stuff about him. She may not get to meet his family but she would get Tristan to tell her about them.
“Okay, fine. I’ll leave it alone. You and Tristan get settled in---”
“His bedroom is next to ours.” Her dad chose to say.
Tara rolled her eyes, “Get washed up and join us for dinner.”
Somehow she could feel Tristan’s amusement from behind her. When she glanced back over her shoulder, he grinned. It arrowed straight to her heart.
Todd caught the look between them and winked at her.
Being with her family made her happy and for some reason, that translated to Tristan. It had been forever, between training, school, and worrying about demon attacks, that they’d had a moment to simply relax.
When she stepped over the threshold and back into her home, she felt all the worry and darkness melt away. The soft sunlight lit up the hardwood floors of the foyer and the staircase that led up to the second floor. White and lavender flowers sat in a vase on a table next to the door. The smell was as much home to Sophie as the floor to ceiling windows and scuffed kitchen floors.
“Tristan, I’ll show you where your room is.” Todd hefted Sophie’s bag higher. “I’ll put your bag up.”
Sophie smiled and watched the two of them climb the stairs before she followed her parents into the massive kitchen. She took a seat on a stool in front of the bar.
Her mom started chopping tomatoes for the salad. “So, how did you and Tristan meet?”
Visions of a ball from a long time ago surfaced. For a moment, Sophie let the feelings from that time wash over her before answering. “We have Sociology together. The teacher put us into groups for an assignment and he was in mine.”
“Does he know,” Tara cast a sidelong glance at the kitchen door and satisfied that no one was there, continued, “about your gift?”
Sophie loved that her mom never classified what she did as a curse. “Yes.” She didn’t mention his gift since she didn’t know if he wanted her to share it with them. “He does. It doesn’t bother him.”
Instantly Tristan climbed a few notches in her dad’s opinion. “That’s good, sweetheart. It’s about time someone loved you for who you are, and not how beautiful you look.”
“Thanks, Dad.” Sophie felt ridiculous for being touched by his comment. Yeah, he was her dad, but still. It was nice. And love? She doubted Tristan saw her that way.
“How’s Lilli doing?” Tara placed the tomatoes in a bowl and started on red and green bell peppers.
“Good. She’s visiting her parents now, too.” Sophie knew that if she offered to help her mom with dinner the offer would just be turned down, so she continued to watch.
“Did she bring home a boyfriend?” Lyle set a glass of sweet tea in front of her.
Sophie blushed and wasn’t sure why. Maybe it was because Jackson and Lilli weren’t pretending to be a couple to thwart an evil demon. They were a real one. “His name’s Jackson. He was in our group, too.”
At that moment she heard Tristan and Todd just outside the kitchen doorway. When the sound of Tristan’s voice reached her, her nerve endings came alive. Like he was the positive to her negative and whenever he was near, their energy reached out to each other, sparking and linking.
Todd came up beside her and put an arm around her shoulders. He used his other hand to reach for a diced tomato.
Tara slapped his hand away. “These are for our dinner.” She smiled and went back to mincing bell peppers.
Todd pretended to pout.
Tristan stood off to the side by the doorway, quiet and watchful. It didn’t make Sophie any less aware of him.
“I’m leaving. I’ll see you when I get back, if you’re still up.” Todd landed a quick peck on Sophie’s cheek.
“Have fun with Brooke.” Sophie told him while their mom passed him a diced tomato.
“Thanks, Mom.” He winked at her.
Tara smiled at her son before Lyle told him to be careful.
“You know people like to drink around the holidays.” Lyle clapped his son on the back as he walked by.
“Will do, Dad.” Todd grinned even though the warning was stale.
Sophie watched him walk out of the kitchen. The back of her eyelids burned when she heard the front door shut. An ache bloomed in her chest, and she was suddenly aware of how much she’d missed him. The urge to go after him was so strong that she was halfway off her stool, on her way out, when Tara asked Tristan about his family.
The sound of Tristan’s voice as he answered melted the urge away. When he sat down beside Sophie, she shook off the ache and joined in the conversation. It wasn’t everyday that her pretend boyfriend, who was also a shape shifter, sat in the kitchen with her parents. Todd would be back.







Chapter Eighteen



After dinner, Sophie and Tristan cleaned up. When that was finished she invited him out onto the front porch, luring him with cups of hot chocolate. Her mom was finishing the dessert for tomorrow and claimed they were in her way and her dad was sitting at the kitchen table doing the crossword puzzle from the newspaper.
The night was cool and bright when they lowered themselves onto the porch swing. The moonlight was just enough that they didn’t have to turn the porch light on. Sophie didn’t care if he was just her pretend boyfriend, the night was still romantic.
“Isn’t this weird?” Tristan blew on the hot chocolate.
“What?” Sophie was mesmerized by the way the gray of his eyes stood out in the moonlight. For now they reflected it, much like an animal’s.
“That we actually get a moment to relax. I don’t think we’ve spent any time alone since we’ve met.” Tristan turned his head to look at her.
His words shocked her. Did he feel uncomfortable here pretending to be her boyfriend? “Do your eyes always do that at night?” She bit her lip as soon as the words were out.
“I’m sorry.” He looked away and when he looked back, his eyes were normal. “I guess I got too comfortable with you. I know it probably freaks you out.”
Sophie set her mug on the porch railing beside her. “No, actually. I know what it’s like having to hide who you are from the person you’re with.” She stammered when she realized she’d implied that they were together. “Not that we’re together for real or anything.” She blushed.
A corner of his lips turned upward.
“I just want you to know that you don’t have to hide who you are from me. You don’t freak me out.” She finished, her voice trailing off at the end. What was she doing?
He set the hot chocolate on the windowsill next to him.
Sophie sighed and, determined not to make a complete fool of herself, looked out over the lawn. The moonlight lit up the willows. It made Sophie think of fairy lands and elven kingdoms. She could almost see the past, darting in and out of the moonlit willows. Her and Todd as children; running around, pretending to be superheroes or knights rescuing innocents.
“Sophie.”
Tristan’s deep voice pulled her back to the present.
When she turned to look at him, his solemn eyes reflected the moonlight back at her. Sophie wished he’d smile again.
The urge to lean toward him was hypnotic. She wanted to drown in the magnetism he gave off and never surface. It was calm, protective, gentle. It wrapped around her and pulled her closer.
“I don’t want to pretend anymore.”
Sophie snapped back, her face red. What had she been thinking? “Oh.” Was she the only one who felt the pull? She couldn’t believe she was so stupid. Just because they were attracted to each other in a past life didn’t mean they had to be now. Maybe she was coloring the present with the past. “I’m sorry. I crossed a line, didn’t I? Made you uncomfortable?”
He cocked his head to the side while she rambled on.
“I can’t believe…I was just…You can go home if you want. Lilli and Jackson can give me a ride back.” Sophie shrugged her shoulders and snapped her mouth shut. The more she talked, the more foolish she sounded.
The swing creaked as he leaned closer. The t-shirt he wore stretched across his shoulders when he brought a hand up and placed it on the side of her neck.
She went completely still. Like prey to his animal side, she was afraid to move. The spot where their skin met sparked with energy.
His eyes darkened, still reflecting moonlight. He tipped his head closer, never releasing her from his gaze.
Still, she didn’t move. Her breath caught in her throat as his essence not only wrapped around her, it linked with her own. It was a wholly new experience, intimate and frightening.
Then his lips brushed hers.
Her eyelids fluttered shut as a wave of emotion and heat washed over her. Her mind went blank, focused only on the sensations he awakened.
His other arm went around her waist and brought her closer. He deepened the kiss.
Pulses of energy shot between them, binding them so closely they would never be separate again.
She could see into his mind, and he into hers. Pieces of his past flashed by. A birthday party when he was younger, his first date, then a woman’s voice. Harsh, unforgiving. Telling him he was a monster.
The shock of that memory, and his despair at seeing it, shook them both.
Tristan lifted his head, severing the memory but not the connection, and kept his arms around her.
Slowly, Sophie’s reasoning surfaced and she blushed. She was practically sitting in his lap.
On her parents’ front porch.
“What just happened?” His voice was husky as she looked down into his face.
She wanted to trace his strong jaw line with her fingertips. Or her lips. Instead, she moved off of him and back onto the swing. “I’m not sure. Who called you a monster?”
Her question surprised them both.
He rubbed the back of his neck. “So, I guess you can see into my memories?”
Sophie knew whoever had said it hurt him deeply. She wanted to hunt them down. The anger she felt for him terrified her.
Tristan sighed. “It was my mom.”
Out of anything he could have said, that was the least she expected. His mom? His mom had called her own son a monster?
“Tristan.” Sophie reached for his hand. His profile was magnificent in its anger. His jaw clenched and while his fingers gently intertwined with hers, his being radiated dismay.
A thousand beasts lay beneath the surface of his skin, clawing to break free, and she’d never felt safer.
“That night, after Jackson and I realized what we could do, I wanted to show it to her. Jackson, knowing his dad as he did, said that I should keep it a secret. I told him he was wrong. It made him angry.” Tristan rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand.
Their connection hummed between them and created a bridge between their emotions. “What happened?”
“I ignored his advice. When I got home I showed her what I could do.” He was silent for a few minutes. She watched the play of emotions cross his face. “My mom screamed, so loud and long, that it felt like forever. The look of horror and revulsion on her face stayed after that. Every time she looked at me.”
“Was she scared of you?”
“That and she believed I was cursed by the devil.” Tristan laughed wryly. “If only she knew the real truth.”
Sophie’s heart was in pieces for him. “Where is she now? And what about your dad?”
It was Tristan’s turn to shrug. “Mom disappeared one night. I woke up and she was simply gone. Dad never said where she went.”
“What did he say about your ability to shift?”
Tristan sighed. He finally looked back at her. The connection between them hummed a little stronger. “He never said anything, good or bad. Just pretended like it never happened. I never spoke of it, or shifted in his presence. He kept on treating me like he had before.”
“Which was?”
Tristan smiled a little. “He was a normal dad. After mom left, he became quiet but was always a steady person I could look up to.”
“Why didn’t you go visit him for Thanksgiving?”
“He died of cancer two years ago.”
That was another arrow through her heart. “Tristan, I’m so sorry.”
“I know how Aidan’s feels. The helplessness, the anger. I went to live with an aunt until the Lotus Academy. Jackson and I moved on campus to escape both our lives.”
“And ended up finding out there are others like you. That’s a comfort, right?”
He pulled her into a hug. She settled under his arm and laid her head on his shoulder. They sat in silence for a while, enjoying the closeness. Sophie kept fighting to keep her eyes open.
Finally, she yawned. Tristan’s soft laugh rumbled next to her ear.
“Let’s get you inside.” He stood and offered his hand to pull her up.
She placed her hand in his and followed him into the house. Her parents were in the living room, engrossed in some romantic movie, so she passed them and went straight for the stairs.
Sophie knew the way to Tristan’s room through the dark hallway. She led him there, hand in hand, and stopped outside his doorway.
Sophie knew that if she kissed him again, now, she wouldn’t be able to resist taking it a little further. She planted a kiss on his cheek.
Tristan responded by kissing her on the forehead. “Sweet dreams, Soph.”
“’Night.” She watched him disappear into the room. Once the door shut, she backtracked to her room. She changed into a pair of cotton shorts and a tank and grabbed her phone. She had to text Lilli and let her know what happened.
Was it the same when Jackson and Lilli kissed? Did they have the kind of connection that Sophie and Tristan did? Would Aidan and Morgan?
The shadows outside her window twisted around the glass. A pressure on the back of her mind overwhelmed the weakening connection with Tristan. Sophie guessed that the effects waned when they were apart. She let the phone slip out of her hand and land on the floor.
There was no way she was going to let the darkness bother her tonight. She’d shared a brilliant first kiss with a hot guy who had a gift like her, and she wasn’t going to ruin it by focusing on shadows and evil beings.
With a huff, she pulled the covers up and turned her back to the window. She listened to the crickets chirping and the frogs croaking. In her mind, she imagined waves crashing on the beach, the water smoothing out the sand before being pulled back into the ocean.
Her breath evened out and soon she was asleep.
The shadows slid in under the windowsill, twisting and distorting, until they reached Sophie’s bedside. She whimpered, but didn’t waken.
The room darkened. The shadows slinked up the bed and around her arms and legs. Bloody images flitted in and out of her mind. She squirmed in her sleep against the incorporeal restraints. Flashes of a ritual danced across her thoughts and she automatically blocked them out.
You won’t be able to save him. A voice whispered. It had no gender, its only substance was fear.
The shadows tightened around her. She struggled harder to wake up.
Suddenly, it was over.
The shadows loosened their hold and dissipated. The room lightened.
Sophie shot up in bed. Her breath burned in her lungs. Dry tears stained her face.
A horrifying scream echoed over and over. Her stomach churned when she listened closely to the tone.
With a gasp, she lunged from the bed and threw open her door. All the while her heart and mind raced. Repeated the same thing.
It couldn’t be him…
“Mom!” Sophie took the stairs two at a time. “Mom!” Her voice cracked when she hit the bottom floor.
The door bell rang. It reverberated through the silence.
Sophie jumped and choked back a scream. She saw Tristan running down the stairs.
“What’s wrong?” He grabbed her arm. The sleepiness faded from his eyes when he caught a glimpse of her face.
She kept blinking away tears and trying to talk, but every time she opened her mouth, she’d close it again.
He touched the side of her face tenderly. The wildness in her eyes didn’t go away but she took a few deep breaths.
Her mother came down the stairs in her robe, hair disheveled from sleep. Her father followed in his boxers and a white t-shirt.
“Is that boy messing with you?” Lyle stopped in front of Tristan. His eyes narrowed.
Tristan immediately dropped his hand from Sophie and took a step back.
The door bell rang again, cutting off anything Sophie had to say. On the other side of the door was the messenger, bringing the news of murder.
Lyle, noticing Sophie’s reaction, hesitated to open the door. When the doorbell rang again, in rapid succession, Lyle swung the door open, revealing Sheriff Calhoun on the porch. White knuckles held his hat against wrinkled clothes.
The occupants of the house came to a standstill.
Sophie thought she saw a spot of red on the cuff of his sleeve. Dread spread through her veins.
Calhoun cleared his throat. “May I come in, Mr. Lawrence?”
Sophie felt her knees go weak.
Tristan caught her and pulled her against him. The heat from his bare chest seared her chilled skin. She shivered uncontrollably.
Calhoun followed the family into the main living room. He trudged to the fireplace.
The air in the room thickened with despair. Everyone knew something was wrong, they just didn’t know what.
Tara and Lyle lowered themselves onto the couch. When Tristan tried to steer Sophie into a chair, she shook her head firmly. Despite the ache in her chest, she tried to convince herself this was all a bad dream. Akeldama was just taunting her. There was no way her brother…
“I can’t think of any other way to say this.” Calhoun rubbed his head with a wrinkled hand. Weary lines etched deep into his face and the gray at his temples stood out starkly against them.
“Todd?” Tara choked out.
Sophie flinched. The bloody visions surfaced again. Tristan gripped her elbow.
“Has there been an accident? Should we leave for the hospital?” Lyle placed a hand on Tara’s shoulder. She quivered with the sobs she held back.
Calhoun swallowed audibly. Sophie felt his anguish sharply as he shook his head. “No, there hasn’t been an accident.”
The room went silent. Sophie couldn’t hear anyone breathing. Even the crickets outside ceased their chirping.
The sheriff’s hidden meaning sank in.
Tara wailed and fisted her hands in her hair.
Lyle’s eyes brimmed with tears. He clutched his wife to his chest.
Sophie flinched when her mother sobbed and then gasped for air. Her own lungs felt constricted.
Her brother had been murdered. That thought unmercifully battered her mind. She wanted to scream. She wanted to kick something. Instead, she clasped her hands together and focused on one thing.
Akeldama was the one who did it. To warn her and the others away.
Sheriff Calhoun looked uncomfortable and his mouth opened. He closed it, ran a hand through his graying hair. “We need someone to identify the body.”
“I’ll go.” Sophie said. She had to make sure that her theory was correct. Those dreams had been bloody and had Akeldama written all over it.
“No. I know you and your brother were close, Sophie. You don’t need to see this.”
A fresh wave of grief rolled over her but she raised her chin. “I have to do this.”
Calhoun shook his head. Before he could speak again, Lyle cut in. “Let her go.” He cradled Tara closer. “I’m going to take care of her mother.”
“Fine. Get dressed and meet me at the truck.” Calhoun scowled. His face softened when he watched Lyle walk Tara’s hunched and shaking form from the room. “I’m very sorry for your loss.”
Lyle nodded grimly as they exited.
Sophie heard her dad ask Lyle how it had happened but she ignored it to rush upstairs and throw on a pair of destroyed jeans and a hoodie over her tank top. The urge to scream, and keep screaming so long her throat bled, was overpowering. Todd couldn’t be gone. Not her brother, not him.
It felt like a nightmare had pressed itself on her life and twisted inside of it. Nothing seemed the same. There was giant hole in her life where Todd had been and nothing was going to change it. Nothing was going to take his place.
She stood for a few minutes, not moving, not thinking, just focused on a spot on the wall. The pain was so great, she knew it was going to swallow her. It came sharper and sharper until someone knocked on the door. She jerked out of her trance and turned her head toward the sound.
No matter how badly she wanted it to be Todd, she knew it wasn’t.
She opened the door and saw Tristan dressed in jeans, a long sleeve t-shirt, and a fleece jacket.
I’m sorry, Soph.
Sophie jumped and looked up at him. That voice had come from inside her mind. She shook her head. “What?”
Tristan frowned, worry darkening his eyes. He touched the side of her arm. “I didn’t say anything.”
“I know. You didn’t say it out loud.” Sophie shoved the bangs out of her eyes. “I heard it inside my head.”
“Soph, that’s not possible.”
She shot him a glare. Could they really have telepathy, too? Was this another effect of them all being together? Tristan.
Tristan blinked. “I heard that. Holy…did I just hear that?” Did I just hear your voice in my mind?
It seems we have more gifts we didn’t know about. Sophie’s melancholy voice drifted through his head.
He shoved his hands in his pockets. “Are you sure this is what you want to do? Seeing your brother like this might be too much.”
“I think Akeldama had something to do with this.” Sophie started down the stairs, leaving him to follow. “My dreams were full of blood and Todd screaming.” She forced the words out. “She was torturing him.”
Tristan grabbed her hand as they walked to the truck. “I’ll be here for you. Every step of the way. Let me know if it’s too much and I’ll get you out of there.”
Sophie nodded. She already knew it was going to take a toll but Todd was gone. She had to find out for sure if Akeldama had used him as a warning.



Chapter Nineteen



The morgue was located in the basement of her town’s one and only hospital. Even as a child, Sophie had stayed as far away from the hospital as she could. For an empath, the emotions and pain of the patients and family members could be overwhelming. It could override sanity and take over a person’s mind.
Sophie knew she was crazy for coming here but she couldn’t let Akeldama win. If her brother had been tortured for real, the least she could do was find out the truth.
The most she could do was avenge him.
The elevator stopped when it came to the ground floor. Sheriff Calhoun used his body to block the way off.
Tristan tensed.
“Are you absolutely sure this is what you want, Sophie? It’s bad. Real bad.” Calhoun frowned again.
The smell of formaldehyde reached Sophie’s nose. The raw chemical made her stomach churn.
The eerily lit hallways were colored a pale yellow. Or maybe it had once been white, but stained over the many years of the hospital’s existence. At the end of the hall stood a pair of army green swinging doors. Behind those doors was the truth.
She ducked underneath Calhoun’s arm and marched toward them. The closer she got to the doors, the sicker she felt. Chills ran up and down her spine. Her head swam.
Tristan walked closely beside her. She concentrated on their connection. He was the only way she was going to make it through this.
Calhoun pushed the doors open. They swung wide, revealing the morgue behind. He walked in first, forcing Sophie and Tristan to follow him in.
Sophie noticed first the wide sink on the opposite side of the room. Then, the large metal rows on the wall that looked like filing cabinets.
The medical examiner, who looked like he should have retired ten years ago, was snoring with his feet propped up on his desk.
Calhoun crossed to him.
Tristan and Sophie stood there, looking around. Two bodies laid out on the steel tables. One uncovered, the other under a pristine white sheet.
Sophie’s eyes landed on the uncovered one. Her heart skipped a beat when she noticed it wasn’t Todd. Which meant he was under the sheet.
She couldn’t tear her eyes away from the whiteness.
The visions threatened to surface again. She swallowed against the sob lodged in her throat.
She could do this.
She had to do this.
Calhoun slammed his palm down on the rickety desk.
The M.E. jumped. His newspaper slipped out of his fingers and fluttered to the ground.
Sophie watched, transfixed, while they danced through the air and landed on the ground.
The old man placed a hand over his racing heart and coughed a few times. “Sorry, Sheriff.” He patted down his wild hair. He stood and ran a hand over his stained blue scrubs.
He walked over to the covered body and Sophie watched him with a surreal sense. Her heart cried that it couldn’t be real, that it was all just a dream; but her mind knew that she was about to have a sudden shot of reality.
“You’re here to see the boy?”
Calhoun looked at Sophie, giving her one last chance to change her mind.
She lifted her chin and walked over to the steel table.
Tristan moved next to her. His fingers intertwined with hers and she was thankful for the contact. She let his essence flow into hers and strengthen her. Gratefulness that he was here and anguish over Todd warred for supremacy in her soul. If she wasn’t careful, she was going to lose her mind.
The M.E. pulled the sheet and the white whispered over her brother’s body.
“Oh!” Sophie covered her mouth with her other hand.
Out of respect for her, Dr. Tolben kept the lower half of his body under the sheet.
She paled. It was worse than her nightmares had suggested. Cuts covered his upper torso. Burns scarred into strange symbols tugged at her mind. His fingers and arms were broken in several places, leaving them askew at odd angles.
Sophie’s hands shook. They had tortured him. Her eyes roamed over his face, tainted blue with death. His aura had dissipated completely, leaving his body an empty shell. That emptiness made grief claw at her insides. Tears formed and leaked from her eyes as she reached a hand to touch his cheek.
“Miss Sophie, I don’t think you should be touching him.” Tolben spoke up.
Tristan turned his head and glared at the M.E. and the sheriff. The full force of the animals inside him into the look. “Maybe you should just give her a minute.”
Calhoun bristled at the command in the boy’s tone but relinquished his anger at the tears on Sophie’s cheeks. “Let’s give them a moment to say good-bye.”
Sophie didn’t move until they left the room. The shock of Todd’s icy skin jolted her when she stroked his forehead. A coldness lingered inside of him that caused her to fear. Death had yet to completely leave his body. It reached out to her.
Her eyes abruptly darkened and her pupils expanded.
Sophie rose, blinking at the shift. The cold steel and white sheets vanished. She stood in a forest lit by moonlight. It took her a moment to realize it was the one that grew behind the high school.
Through the darkness she could see flickering lights and hear a group of men chanting. For a second she listened to the words. Once she realized she couldn’t understand what they were saying, she pushed through the forest toward the sound.
The closer she came to it, the colder she became. It was like an invisible ice hurricane was centered around the flickering lights. The eye, a clearing that was normally not here, was encircled with seven foot torches. In the middle sat a stone slab surrounded by men in black hooded cloaks.
She paused at the edge of the clearing. The frigid temperature reached past her skin and into her soul. She recognized it now as Death. Nothing would warm her while she was here.
She concentrated again on the cloaked figures as they moved in a counter-clockwise motion around the slab. Pain and hatred tainted their auras.
Todd’s wrists and ankles were chained to the slab.
Her vision shifted until she looked up at the hooded men swaying over her. She could feel Todd’s fear and confusion.
The men stopped chanting and the silence that followed reverberated around them. Todd’s fear intoxicated Sophie and it heightened when the men parted.
Akeldama came into her view. Her demonic form destroyed all pretense of beauty.
Sophie’s heart twisted when she was hit by Todd’s horror at the sight of the one who killed him. It overtook his senses and he cried out in panic.
“Todd, darling, do you know why I’ve brought you here?” She traced a talon down the side of his cheek. A red line followed.
Todd frantically shook his head. “Please, let me go.”
“I’m after your baby sister.” She leaned over his naked body, now strewn with cuts and bruises.
Sophie wasn’t aware of when or how they’d gotten there.
“I bet you didn’t know who she really is, did you?” The seductive voice taunted.
“Leave my sister alone! She is nothing to you!” Todd screamed through his fear. “You better not hurt her!” He fought against the chains on his body.
Akeldama laughed low in her throat. “Oh, I’m going to hurt her. Her and her little Guardian friends. They won’t be able to stop me from what I’m truly here to do. And you are going to be my warning to them.” Akeldama leaned closer, her breasts brushing his arm.
Sophie’s spirit cringed away from her.
“Your little sister is delicate, isn’t she? Nothing like she used to be as the Oracle. Back then she was strong and resilient. Now she is weak. Your death will destroy her and then her little band of Guardians will be useless.”
Todd spit in Akeldama’s face.
Akeldama’s smile froze and her gaze hardened. “That wasn’t very polite.” She gripped his arm and turned it, waiting for the satisfying snap of his bones. “You have no idea what I’m capable of.”
Sophie snapped back to reality on a gasp. She sucked in a lungful of air and choked on a sob.
Tristan gathered her close to him, letting his heat and strength permeate through her shaking. “Shh. It’s okay. Your back with me now. It’s okay.” He rubbed circles on her back in a soothing motion.
Sophie squeezed her eyes shut and concentrated on the sound of his heartbeat. Her equilibrium slowly returned. “It was her, Tristan. She did this. To warn us away from her. She tortured him and he was alone and its all my fault.”
“No.” Tristan tilted her chin up so that he looked into her eyes. Eyes that glimmered with tears. “It is not your fault. Akeldama is a demon, one born from the worst betrayal. She killed your brother.”
“I should have stopped it!” Sophie whispered, narrowing her eyes. “I am supposed to be a Guardian. To save people. Look at how badly I failed! I couldn’t even save my own brother!”
“She did this, Soph.” Tristan pulled her closer. “I know nothing I say or do will ever help dim the pain you’re going through but we’ll get her back for it. I promise. But for now, let’s get you out of here. I know this place is hard on you.”
Sophie couldn’t take her eyes off of her brother’s body. The steel table kept shifting to the stone slab, and then back again. She allowed Tristan to steer her out of the morgue and toward Calhoun’s truck.
On the way back to her parent’s house the trio stayed silent. That was good for Sophie, since she wanted to concentrate on what she’d seen. Obviously Akeldama saw them as a threat or she wouldn’t have used Todd as a warning. Or she was as evil hearted as they all assumed and would’ve done it either way. Just to satisfy her malignant cravings.
Darkness shrouded the porch as they pulled up. No one had thought to turn it on in their hurry to leave.
“You don’t have to walk us to the door.” Sophie told Calhoun when he went to open his door. “We’re fine.” She hopped out and headed inside, trying to run from the pain that was engulfing her.
It was faster than she was.
When she walked in the front door of the house, it was like she ran into a wall of suffering. The house’s atmosphere had completely shriveled in the time that she’d been gone. Like the shadows had finally managed to creep inside and take root in the good memories she had here.
Tristan saw the grief on her face and grabbed her hand. He led her through the still and silent house and up the staircase to her room. Sophie immediately went to the bed and collapsed on her back. Her eyes stared unseeing at the ceiling.
Tristan stopped inside the doorway and shoved his hands in his pockets. “Do you want to be alone?”
It took a few moments before she answered. “No.”
He was by her in an instant. The bed dipped down beside her.
The pain ebbed and flowed through her body like the tides. It would dim and then return more forceful than before, hammering away at what strength she had left.
Tristan leaned forward and rested his forehead on hers.
She lifted her face to his neck and nuzzled there, touching her lips to his skin. She tasted the saltiness of his sweat.
His breath hitched.
The pain dimmed a little more as their souls wove together, creating a barrier.
His arms tightened around her and kissed her. Hard.
Her heart skipped a beat and then resumed, fast and furious. She tunneled her fingers through his hair, anchoring him close.
 Warmth and desire engulfed them, pushing the pain and visions of torture out.
He growled, low in his chest, and a thrill ran through her. She pressed closer.
He groaned, tearing his lips from hers and pushed her back softly.
Sophie tried to catch her breath and watched him with a feeling of dread.
He sat on the edge of the bed and ran a hand through his mussed hair. His eyes had changed to predatory green. They slowly changed back to their ashen color and his chest rose and fell in heavy breaths as he tried to regain his self control. “Jesus, Sophie.”
She shrunk back against the headboard, heat rising to her face. She raised a shaking hand to her lips. Words danced behind them but she couldn’t force them out.
“What the hell were you thinking?!” He shot up from the bed. His lips turned down while he paced. “ I could feel your emotions when we kissed. I am not a distraction, you can’t decide to use me just to feel better, to block out the pain. Not that way.”
Shame and guilt grew roots in her heart. What had she been thinking? She hadn’t intended to use Tristan that way. It just that when he touched her all the pain and anger melted away, she focused on the feel of him. “I’m so sorry.” She looked back up at him and felt more shame as tears welled in her eyes.
Tristan stalked toward the door. “Yeah, me too.”
Sophie trembled and watched him walk away. The soft click of the door sounded like cannon fire and she closed her eyes against it.
This time she couldn’t hold back the tears. They rolled down her cheeks and splashed onto her sheets. Sobs heaved up through her chest so hard pain stabbed in her ribs.
Todd was gone, nothing was going to change that. Sophie knew that. She also knew mourning her heart out wasn’t going to bring him back. It didn’t change the fact that the pain shot through a massive black hole in her soul.
Her tears soaked the pillowcase but she didn’t feel the wetness as she curled up to it. She only felt the pain.






Chapter Twenty



Three weeks later the pain still ebbed and flowed as strongly as it had when her world first collapsed. Her desire for revenge was just as strong. Even as she burned for Akeldama’s death, she couldn’t find the will to get on with her life. The demoness was making it hard for Sophie to get her vengeance, having made no attacks on them since Todd, like she was luring them into a false sense of safety.
She trained twenty hours a day. The physical exertion kept her mind off her brother’s last few hours and distracted her from thinking too much about Tristan.
When the others trained with her, after their classes, he was always there. He wore an impenetrable wall of hurt and anger ever since that night and hardly acknowledged her. She missed him. She wasn’t sure how much longer their silent argument was going to continue, she just hoped it wasn’t forever.
Sophie descended the steps to the Symbol room and thought about how worried the others were. No matter how hard they tried to convince her, she wasn’t going back to class. Sitting in the classrooms made her feel passive. Being passive made her feel the pain and guilt. At least this way she was closer to shattering Akeldama’s demon butt into oblivion.
She passed through the Symbol room and into the training area.
Her breath caught and she stopped short.
Tristan ran on a treadmill, shirtless, while a news program played on the giant flat screen T.V. that hung in front of the gym equipment.
Desire sparked underneath her pain. Tristan’s essence reached out to rest inside of her. She wasn’t sure if he meant for the spark to happen, or if it automatically had, so she stepped on the treadmill next to his and upped the speed to match his stride.
He glanced sideways at her. Her heart skipped a beat. He turned his attention back to the news. The local station broadcasted record lows in the temperature.
They hadn’t talked about what happened that night. About how she’d used him to distract herself from the anguish. She’d been so wrapped up in her own pain.
“Tristan.” Sophie cut the treadmill off and he stopped his too.
She couldn’t ignore the way he moved like a predator as he headed to the wrestling mats.
She swallowed and followed him, keeping her eyes on the back of his head. Frustration rolled off of him in waves. After not getting anything but cold silence from him it burst like fireworks on her skin.
She had enough sense to know she was in trouble.
He stopped at the end of the blue mat. His eyes brightened to yellow-green when he watched her take her place at the other end.
There was no one to call time or referee this match. Jackson and Lilli were in biology class, Morgan and Aidan were visiting his mom in the hospital. Ruth was teaching and Sophie had no idea where Demetri was. Father Kent was off doing research.
No one was here to stop this if they let it go too far.
Would they let it go to far?
Her heart galloped in her chest. Half of her wanted this fight. She had some feelings of her own to work out. Her own frustration, guilt, and grief. The other half wanted to run and hide at the intense look in his eyes.
Movement caught her gaze. He stalked forward, his motions flowed, cat like.
She stood, frozen. His eyes paralyzed her with their predatory gleam. If this was a war, she’d lost weeks ago.
He stopped right in front of her. Tempted her with his closeness. He placed his hands on either side of her neck.
Warmth immediately permeated her body and her lips parted. Blood thundered in her ears.
Then, his lips touched hers. It wasn’t a sweet, I-missed-you kiss. He pressed his body into hers, invading her senses, and poured all his pent up frustration into it.
A tear slipped down her cheek even as she kissed him back. His hurt flowed into her.
She’d made him feel used.
Before she had time to process all of this, he pulled back. Accusation shone in his eyes. A low growl rumbled in his throat. The animal in him prowled right underneath the surface.
It was time for the end battle. No matter how this ended, it would be final. They’d either make up or hate each other forever.
He kicked out a leg and knocked her off her feet.
She landed on her back. She wheezed oxygen in and rolled over to her hands and knees.
Tristan watched silently while she came to her feet.
She barely balanced before he attacked again. She blocked the blow to her ribs and counter-attacked with one of her own to his solar plexus.
They watched each other warily and circled the mat.
Sophie’s nerves stretched taunt but her muscles relaxed. They were finally working this out.
He kicked toward her face, she blocked it.
She aimed for his knees, he twisted out of the way.
Kick, block, aim, block, twist, counter-attack. She wasn’t sure how long their dance went on. She could feel the burn in her muscles.
When the sting of the hits were a little too much, they circled each other again. Both panted, lungs on fire.
Sophie’s anger and guilt burned through her. This had to end before they accidentally killed each other.
She dove headfirst; he hit the mat with her on top of him.
Tristan recovered fast and rolled them over. His knees landed on either side of her hips, pinning her down.
She went at him with both her fists. He trapped them above her head.
She tried to catch her breath.
Accusation shone in his eyes as he stared into her face.
Every thought she’d had evaporated. Tension radiated from him. He was furious.
“How could you do this? Treat me like some one-night stand?” His pain sharpened inside her. Her breath caught. “You know how Cecilia made me feel. Used. Worthless.”
“I—“
“No. I’m not finished.” He hissed. His lips thinned into a hard line.
She snapped her mouth shut. Hot tears threatened to fall but she refused to show any weakness.
“I thought no one could hurt me worse than she did. But you proved me wrong.” His bitter tone struck her. “Being connected to you made the pain a thousand times worse.”
His anguish pressed into her mind and mixed with her own, sparking her anger. “My brother was just tortured and murdered by a demon, Tristan.” Her voice rose. “And I saw it happen when I touched his cold body. Then, yes, I acted like an idiot. But I was lost. I wanted the pain to go away. I wanted to forget.” Her voice broke and she let him feel her own pain. “Then you left me.”
The anger drained from his eyes, left his body.
“Sophie.” A world of remorse whispered to her.
She knew she’d hurt him. That hurt her, too. She bit her lip and leaned up slowly. Her lips caught his in the sweet kiss they’d missed earlier.
His eyes fluttered closed. Sophie pulled back and rested her head on the mat as his eyes changed back to the ashy color she loved. The grip on her hands loosened.
“I’m sorry, Tristan,” she whispered. She let the regret show in her eyes and in her heart.
Emotions rippled across his face. He sighed and rolled off to lie next to her.
The silence stretched on. She broke it again. “I know that an apology probably doesn’t mean anything. What I did was wrong and I swear I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“I know.”
She turned on her side so she could see him. Faint bruises formed on his arm and one on his face. When had they become these people? Ones who held in emotions until they became volatile and then beat them out of each other? She gently touched where one formed on his jaw.
He caught her hand and brought it to her lips. He intertwined their fingers, “I’m sorry I haven’t been here for you when you needed me the most.”
Tears clogged her throat. She swallowed against them. “It was my fault.”
They both knew she wasn’t just talking about what she’d done to him.
He pulled her close, wrapped his arms around her. What happened to your brother wasn’t your fault.
His essence fully enveloped her when he spoke into her mind. The tears fell hard now that Tristan was with her. He was inside her mind again and she could hide nothing from him. He stroked her hair, murmured comfort into her mind and held her until the violent sobs quieted to sniffles.

***

A few hours later Sophie, Lilli, and Jackson studied some research Father Kent had dug up for them. They crowded around some dusty books and internet printouts when Sophie saw Aidan and Morgan walk into the training room.
Aidan’s fire glowed just beneath his skin and his lips pulled back into a sneer. While both of them radiated unease, Aidan’s emotions boiled inside of him.
Sophie exchanged looks with Jackson and Lilli. She thought twice about asking what happened when Aidan went straight into throwing massive fireballs at the demon effigy.
Demetri watched silently while Aidan brushed a flaming hand over his brow.
Ruth came to stand by the girls and Jackson as Morgan reached them. “What’s wrong with him?”
Morgan licked her lips. “His mom took a turn for the worse. He shouldn’t be training right now. I tried to talk him out of it…”
Sophie placed a hand on her arm. Morgan might not realize how deep her feelings for Aidan went, but Sophie knew.
“It’s probably best for him to get it out of his system.” Jackson said. “He can’t keep it buried inside. He’d probably explode.”
“Where’s Tristan?” Sophie asked.
“I’ll get him.” Jackson said.
A small twinge of power brushed Sophie, coming from when one of them used their telepathy.
A few seconds later Father Kent and Tristan walked from the weight room in the back.
They stared at Aidan when they came to a stop beside Demetri.
He kept going, giving all he had into the fire. Sophie began to sweat from the heat pouring off of him.
A table burst into flame near Demetri and the girls jumped.
“Enough, Aidan.” Morgan stalked right up to him.
Aidan snuffed the flames immediately since he didn’t want to risk harming her.
She gripped his chin and pulled his face close. “You will stop this nonsense, do you hear me? I hate that your mother is sick, but you will not destroy this church.”
His eyes were full of anguish but he managed a small grin for her. “Yes, princess.”
“Good.” She let go of his chin.
The pain in Sophie’s head sharpened as Aidan’s unease settled into something else. She suddenly had the urge to run. “Something’s wrong!” She gasped out.
Tristan crossed to her and placed a hand at the back of her neck. “What is it?”
The pain increased and she cried out. “Not me. Someone’s coming!” Dark shapes twisted in her mind. Intense pressure told her how close they were.
Heat rushed and pushed her through the air. Pain blossomed when she landed against Tristan, who’d blocked her impact into a concrete wall. As she and Tristan slid down to the floor she thought Aidan’s emotions had actually exploded. Through the fuzziness of her mind everyone’s pain and confusion battered her.
The darkness slithered through her mind and she became sure Aidan didn’t do this.
Smoke and heat blanketed the room. Sophie blinked against the sting in her eyes. Morgan, Aidan, and Lilli helped each other stand. Black soot covered all three over myriad scratches.
“Jackson!” Lilli’s voice pierced through the ringing in their ears. She scrambled over chunks of wood and concrete while she searched.
Tristan pulled Sophie up. His eyes changed. She sensed the animal close to the surface.
“Jackson.” Lilli’s relief brought tears to Sophie’s eyes.
Jackson levitated a few pieces of wood off of himself and then gathered Lilli into his arms.
Through the smoke Sophie saw Demetri and Ruth pounce to their feet.
“Look out!” Morgan spotted a shadow of smoke slink toward Father Kent. “Aidan, you’re crushing my hand!” She looked down at where he gripped hers tightly.
“We need to get out of here!” Ruth ran to the gun racks. She unlocked the case and threw a gun to Demetri and Kent.
A tremor rocked the room and Kent stumbled.
Jackson cursed when another smoked shadow came up from behind him and flung him to the ground.
Lilli screamed and tried to grab at it. Her hand passed through air. Her eyes widened and she staggered back a few steps.
Another tremor shook and knocked Sophie to the ground. She sat up, pain radiating through her ribs. Her mind filled with whispering thoughts, none of them kind. Her head pounded with each heartbeat.
A shadow solidified behind Father Kent. He was reaching for the gun he’d dropped from the first tremor and didn’t see it. Without thinking she leaped up and darted toward him.
Her lungs ached. She leaned down, braced for impact. Her shoulder connected with the shadow’s solid mid drift.
They hit the floor so hard her jaw snapped together.
All she could smell was sulfur and smoke. The dark and undead eyes focused on her. As it solidified the rest of its body, Sophie gasped. It’s pale skin was blue with death and she saw black veins running all across the body.
“Jesus!” Aidan rushed the one that solidified by Jackson. He balled up his fists and shot them out. The shadow laughed, the whisper of it echoing in their minds.
Ruth and Demetri fired rounds and then frowned when the bullets passed through the shadows.
“It’s not working!” Ruth signaled to him. “We have to get the Guardians out of here.”
Sophie lost her breath as the shadow man flipped her over his shoulder into a pile of debris. Pain intensified when he pressed down on her ribs. She screamed in rage and hit it with her fists.
The weight suddenly disappeared. Tristan’s concerned face filled her hazy vision.
Sophie barked out two coughs when more smoke filled her lungs. The dark feeling overwhelmed her and she spun around to find the reason.
Kent’s lifeless body fell to the floor slowly. Blood poured from his neck with each heartbeat.
Sophie met the gaze of the soulless one behind Kent’s body. She had to crane her neck back to see the face of the massive shadow.
Pure one.
The voice whispered inside her mind. Her skin crawled.
I have come for your friend.
“No!” Sophie cried out. Which one? Her breath caught while her gaze bounced from Lilli to Morgan.
Her head snapped back to Lilli. A shadow formed behind her, its dark claws solidifying in front of her throat.
“Lilli!” Sophie screamed. The others forgot the fire raging around them and turned to Lilli.
Fiery bits of ceiling fell around them, thundered to the ground and horror widened Lilli’s eyes.
Jackson rushed forward.
The demon sneered and cut a small piece of Lilli’s flesh. She squirmed in its grip but it was too late.
Jackson fell to his knees when Lilli disappeared. “No.” The word tripped from his lips.
Sophie jumped when he tilted his head back and roared at the top of his lungs. Lilli was gone.
“We have to get out of here!” Demetri gestured to the door.
Aidan held a hand up to keep the fire at bay. Sweat beaded on his brow from the effort.
Sophie tugged on Tristan’s sleeve. It spurred him into action. He crossed to Jackson, grabbed him under the arms, and hauled him up.
Ruth pushed the girls toward the staircase. “Move!”
“Come on!” Tristan tightened his grip on Jackson’s arm at the sight of disbelief in his friend’s eyes. He shook him to clear the shock. A ceiling beam landed with a loud rumble right beside them.
The sweltering smoke pressed in on them. Sophie grabbed Morgan’s
hand and forced them both to the floor. The smoke is rising. We have to crawl.
Morgan nodded, black smudges marring her beautiful features. Her ice blue eyes showed her determination to make it out alive with the rest of her friends.
Sophie weakened as everyone’s pain and shock soaked in, battering at her already frail defenses. Black spots appeared in her vision.
Morgan tugged at Sophie’s hand. We’re almost to the stairs. She coughed and inhaled more smoke.
Jackson struggled against Tristan’s grip.
Cut it out! Tristan snapped. He tightened his hold enough to cut through Jackson’s shock. We won’t be any good to her dead!
The heat devastated them. Sophie’s knees weakened. Morgan dragged her up the stairs.
Almost there, Soph.
“The door is locked!” Ruth jiggled the handle, pushed at the door. She slammed her palm against it when it refused to budge.
“Let me.” Morgan disappeared. From behind the door they could hear things crashing to the ground.
Fire pushed up the stairs. Aidan stood between them and the fire and struggled to keep it at bay. Morgan!
They blocked it. I’m almost done!
The door swung open and Morgan waved them through. Once they hit the tiled floor, they ran for the front door.
Night air rushed to greet them when their feet hit the sidewalk. Sophie greedily gulped in the crisp oxygen.
Ruth and Demetri had their heads together. They whispered and quick, discussing a plan.
“No! How could you do this to me?” Jackson pushed Tristan away from him. “I left her!”
“They took her. They did this!”
Jackson balled up his hand and threw a punch. Tristan’s head snapped to the side as Jackson’s fist connected with his jaw. For a brief moment his eyes glowed green.
Sophie held her breath.
Tristan drew a deep breath in and let it out slowly. His eyes changed back to gray.
Police sirens serenaded the night while they stood staring at the burning cathedral. The siren’s mournful cries awakened Sophie’s grief. She collapsed to her knees. The pain in her chest compressed. Hot tears soaked her cheeks.
“She’s gone, too.” Sophie wrapped her arms around herself.
Tristan knelt beside her. “We have to go.”
Sophie ignored his soft words.
“Now!” Demetri saw flashing blue lights. Fire engine’s wails sailed through the night. “They can’t find us here.”
“What would we tell them? Demons were after us?” Aidan reiterated. He started sprinting away. Morgan and Ruth looked at each other before joining him. Demetri grabbed Jackson’s arm and shoved him into a run.
“Come on, we need to go.” Tristan grabbed her hand and pulled her down the sidewalk. The police cars squealed to a stop in front of the inferno. The uniformed men spotted Sophie when she stumbled and fell to one knee.
Tristan looked over his shoulder and tried to help Sophie up. He was hidden behind the corner of the next building, out of the policemen’s sight.
Go. Now! They don’t need to know all of us were here.
I’m not leaving you here! His fingers tightened around hers. Get up!
Sophie heard the pounding of the men’s feet on the sidewalk. She knew they were going to catch up with them. There was only one thing to do. She stood and shoved Tristan over the edge of the shrubs. If you get up I’ll never forgive you!
With one last look at him, feet hanging over the hedge, she ran in the direction of the police. She recognized the first one as Detective Campbell, the man she had delivered the letters to about the kidnapped students. His eyebrows lifted when he saw her.
Her stilted run and torn sleeve caught his attention. She sobbed, covered in black soot and a small amount of blood. When she came closer, the others noticed her as well.







Chapter Twenty-One



“Ma’am, calm down.” Campbell’s arms came up to her side to steady her when she ran into him. Tristan’s growled in the back of her mind and she sent reassurance to him.
“Oh my God! We have to get out of here!” Sophie turned watery violet eyes up to the detective.
Sophie watched his eyes soften. She knew she looked scared, hurt, and worried and she also knew his daughter was about her age from when she’d visited him at the station. He’d associate them together and want to help her.
She hoped it wouldn’t get him killed.
He grasped her elbow and steered her away from the others and the church. “I need to ask you some questions.” He spoke gently and helped her into the back of an ambulance. “Was there anyone else in there?”
Sophie averted her eyes, aware that she wasn’t the best liar.
I’m coming to get you. Tristan’s voice spoke in her mind.
No, we can’t risk them finding all of us. If they lock us up or keep us for questioning, there won’t be anyone to rescue Lilli. That means more than me being alone.
Damn it, Sophie! I should be there with you! Tristan’s husky voice was laced with irritation.
She looked Campbell dead in the eyes. “No, no one other than the priest.” There, now you can’t come. If you do, you’ll make me a liar. Then they’ll charge me with murder. And we don’t need to draw any more attention to ourselves.
“Is he still in the church?” Campbell looked over his shoulder to where the fireman were hosing down the fire.
Sophie followed his line of sight. She watched the flames leap and her heart squeezed. So much loss in the span of a few weeks. How had the demons known?
“What were you doing in the church?”
Sophie searched her mind for an answer. She shivered underneath the blanket and didn’t have to fake emotion when she said, “My brother was recently murdered. Father Kent was helping me through this tough time.”
It wasn’t a total lie. Todd was gone and Father Kent had helped her with her grief at Demetri’s command. She’d resented it then but now she was sorry she hadn’t told Kent how much it’d really helped. How talking about her feelings had kept her grief from swallowing her whole.
She ran her hands up and down her arms to warm them against the sudden chill she felt at Todd’s death.
“Get her a blanket.” Campbell signaled to a paramedic to get his attention. When the man rushed to grab one, he looked back at her. “You’re the girl who’s been bringing me the letters.”
“Yes.” Sophie whispered. She thought back over how much her life had changed since she’d started having those visions.
“Does this have anything to do with the missing students?”
She shook her head without looking him in the eyes.
I’m coming over there now. I can feel your sadness, Sophie, and it’s killing me.
Tristan, please. You can find a way to get me out.
I don’t like leaving you here.
I’m a big girl.
God, this doesn’t feel right. I don’t want to be the only girl, Soph. This from Morgan, half-joking.
You won’t be for long. You’ll get me. And Lilli. Just go.
Tristan didn’t answer. For a moment she was worried he’d ruin her cover by bounding over the hedge toward her. When he didn’t, Sophie raised her head back up to look at Campbell. A faint darkness surrounded him and some of the other policeman but she couldn’t tell if it was from the smoke or something more sinister. “Can we go to the station now?”
Ashes rained down around them while he led Sophie to his patrol car. She couldn’t keep her eyes from going to the cathedral and then to the hedge. Lilli was gone. Kidnapped by evil demons intent on who knows what.

“Tristan.” Demetri placed a hand on Tristan’s shoulder when he made his way to jump the hedge.
Tristan speared him with glowing eyes. “What?”
“We can’t go after her yet.”
“Why not?” Tristan whispered through his teeth. His muscled bunched.
Demetri tightened his grip. “The cops were possessed. I can’t tell if Sophie knew that or not. If we go now, without back up, she’ll be killed.”
“Possessed? How do you know?” Jackson bit out.
“We’re trained to recognize the signs.” Ruth said without elaborating.
Everyone started speaking at once. Demetri silenced them with a sharp look. “I want you all to go back to the girls’ dorm. Ruth and I will meet you there with back up.”
“I don’t see why we can’t just save her.” Aidan said. “There are only a few.” The night lit up around him as he heated up.
“Aidan, just listen to him.” Ruth pleaded. “He knows what he’s doing.”
“Let’s go.” Morgan tugged on his hand, ignoring the heat pouring off. She framed his face with her hands and felt the heat simmer. “I want to save her as much as you do, but there’s a right way to do it. We have to listen to Demetri and Ruth.”
Aidan blinked and the heat from his fire depleted. He grabbed her hand and took off.
Tristan and Jackson joined them after a second.

Sophie stared out of the cruiser’s passenger window and tried to reach her friends through the mental channels they shared. She knew it wasn’t going to work, it hadn’t the past ten times she tried, but she couldn’t stop herself. She also knew she was royally screwed, because whatever blocked the communication was dark. Way darker than she normally felt.
Thoughts of Lilli, Kent, and Todd threatened to break her already shaky composure but she knew the only way to get out of this mess was to convince Campbell of what lies she could and then have him release her. The only way to do that was to focus and be a step ahead of him.
She turned her face just a bit so that she could watch Campbell while he drove. His hands grasped the wheel calmly and his face was peaceful. Like he was driving to a beach vacation instead of driving a scared, shaking girl in the passenger seat. Like he hadn’t witnessed a cathedral burning to the ground and its priest’s half burned body and slit throat.
Why was he so calm? It suddenly clicked in her mind and she snuck another glance at him. This time she saw the shining in his eyes, the darkness that surrounded him, now knew it wasn’t the smoke from the fire earlier.
He was possessed.
Before she could peer more closely at him, he pulled the cruiser into the station’s parking lot. She sagged against the seat. Dark, roiling clouds hung over Campbell’s sister station. The tendrils slithered around, standing guard against any light.
Sophie sucked in a breath when Campbell turned the car off and opened his door. Did he want them to walk into that?
“Are you okay?”
Campbell’s voice caused her to blink. When her eyes focused the cloud was gone, leaving only a veiled sense of danger. She tore gaze from the building to look at him. “I’m fine.”
When he got out of the cruiser, she unbuckled and followed him. The closer they got to the building, the colder it became. She pulled the blanket closer and thought about how much bigger this station was to the one she delivered the letters to.
Sophie fought the urge to run when they entered the building. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary as she followed him past the foyer. When they passed the front desk, the receptionist blew a bubble with her gum and then snapped her teeth over it. The loud pop made Sophie jump.
She hadn’t realized how tight her nerves were until that moment.
Campbell led her to an officer’s desk and pulled out a chair for her to sit. “I’m going to grab you something hot to drink. You like coffee?”
“Got any hot cocoa?” Sophie looked around when he went to grab it. The room was empty of people with the exception of five officers standing around a small T.V. in the far corner. She heard them cheer and then an announcer’s voice yell excitedly about a touchdown.
She turned her attention back to the desk she sat at. Her fingers reached out and picked up the only picture among the papers and empty to-go boxes that littered the surface. An officer with a scar over his eyebrow stood by a pond with a woman and a young girl with blond hair and expressive eyes.
The love within the family was obvious.
It made Sophie think of her families. The one she was born into, and the one she gained with the other Guardians.
Made her think about how she was missing a family member from each now.
She wouldn’t cry, not now. She had to focus on getting out of here. How was she going to do that surrounded by possessed cops?
The cold feeling of dread repeated itself. She glanced up and saw that the dark tendrils were back. Her hands shook and a dull ache settled in the back of her head. She set the picture back down and took a deep breath.
The hairs on her arms rose. Her ponytail swished across her shoulder as she looked back and gasped. Her heart lurched. “Christ!” Her head snapped back to the front and she desperately searched for a way to escape.
Akeldama was here.
Sophie recognized the voice when the Demoness spoke to Campbell.
How could the bitch be here, now? How was she going to escape now?
Sophie’s breath ripped through her chest. Every movement made her ribs burn. Akeldama wore a different disguise now. Her hair had gray in it and the small baby tucked in her arms cooed happily.
The navy blue jogging suit Akeldama’s disguise wore fit snugly. It was easy to spot the rolls of fat hanging from her waist.
The aura surrounding Akeldama hit Sophie like a wall as their gazes locked.
Akeldama meant for her to die.
Campbell looked Sophie’s way and frowned. His brows furrowed and he looked at her like he was trying to see into her soul.
An uneasy feeling twined with the fear.
Something very, very bad was happening.
She was alone, utterly and wholly alone. How was she going to get out of this? Her mind raced for options when a hand clamped down on her shoulder. She jumped and gave a shout of protest when Campbell pulled her from her chair.
His twisted smile shocked her. “I almost fell for your act. The young innocent girl. Did you know the priest died of something other than the fire?” He shook her, his fingers bruising her skin.
“W-what are you talking about?”
“You killed the priest and set fire to the church!” He squeezed harder and leaned close.
“I didn’t…I was there for help. My brother was just murdered. He was helping me!” Sophie blinked against the hatred that burned through his eyes, the madness that had taken over his soul. She choked on the fear that rose in her throat.
Akeldama had her trapped by police she possessed. This man, so kind when she first met him, was going to kill her and she had no way to escape. Had Akeldama planned all of this?
“I didn’t do it!” She tried one more time, pouring every ounce of sincerity she had into her tone.
“Debrowski! Put this girl in a cell.”
“No!” Sophie tried to jerk her arm from Campbell when one of the officers in front of the T.V. came toward her.
He was nearly a foot and a half taller than her, with brawny shoulders and a thick neck. The scar over his eyebrow shocked her into silence for a few moments. When his hands tightened around her arms, she found her voice.
“I didn’t do anything wrong!” She screamed as loud as she could. “It wasn’t me!”
Debrowski didn’t flinch when she raked her fingernails down his face. Three red lines appeared on the side of his cheek. His eyes narrowed and she felt a spear of fright shudder through her at the evil darkening them.
He hefted her over his shoulder like she weighed nothing and carted her down the hallways to the cells. The further they walked, the further her hope diminished. This place was bigger than she thought it was, with high tech security. How was she going to get out of here?
Her gift was useless.
Debrowski pulled a card from his front pocket and held it up to a pad beside a cell door. A second later a small chirp sounded and the bars slid open.
She shrieked in surprise when his arm loosened and she dropped to the floor in an ungraceful heap. The door slammed shut.
He stilled and watched her while she stood. His eyes never wavered as she backed up onto the bunk and sat down. After a few seconds of trying to make him back down from her stare, she sighed and laid down on the bunk, facing the wall.
His stare burned into her back.

Tristan paced in the girls’ dorm room, stopping every few moments to run a hand through his hair. His chest constricted when he thought of Sophie alone, surrounded by possessed cops. Jackson stared out the window into the school courtyard, his eyes narrowed to slits.
“Please, Tristan, sit down. Demetri and Ruth will be here any minute.” Morgan tried to wipe the soot from her face but it was useless.
Tristan forced down an angry reply. There had been no contact with Sophie and that settled into his stomach like hot lead.
“What the hell are we going to do? We lost two of us in less than an hour! Father Kent was murdered. How are these gifts going to do us any good if we can’t use them to protect the ones we care about?” Jackson placed his hands on the window sill. The glass vibrated when his energy beat at it.
Morgan swallowed at the outburst from the normally quiet Jackson.
“We’ll come up with something.” Aidan tried to shake some of the ashes out of his hair. “And if we don’t, Ruth and Demetri will. We could just break Sophie out of jail.”
Morgan’s mouth dropped. “Are you crazy?”
“We’ve faced demons, vampires, and now those shadow creatures. Why wouldn’t we be able to break her out of jail? All we’d need is a solid plan.”
“Why do you think we’ll have to break her out?” Tristan asked through his teeth. His eyes glowed yellow-green and he fought against the helplessness and rage that wanted to claw its way out. He crossed his arms and leaned against the wall.
“Come on, Tristan! She was covered in soot, she was hurt, and there was blood on her. Even if they weren’t possessed, they wouldn’t let her go easily.”
Tristan cursed when he realized Aidan was right.
“She wanted it that way. She didn’t want anyone else to get hurt.” Morgan looked at her hands. “Lilli and Todd were already taken from her. She wasn’t going to lose anyone else.”
“Lilli is not lost.” Jackson cut in.
“It wasn’t her choice. She didn’t have to make it this way.” Tristan growled.
“Stop beating yourself up. You had no control over what happened.” Morgan said. “None of us did.” She ran a hand through her hair and grimaced at the ashes on her fingertips.
Someone tapped lightly on the dorm door. Tristan was the first to reach it, and after checking through the peep hole, replied, “It’s Demetri.”
“Open the door, then.” Aidan stood, ready to greet them and rescue Sophie.
As soon as the door opened, Demetri and Ruth stepped in, followed by a young man.
“How did you get past the R. A?” Morgan moved to stand next to Aidan, who shifted his body so she could stand closer. She stared at Demetri’s grim face and then quickly added, “Never mind.”
“We’ve got everything ready.” Ruth let them know. “The rest of the team is waiting at a rendezvous point.” She gestured to the third person in their party. “This is my brother, Rory.”
Tristan and the others nodded across the living room at him. His blond hair and brown eyes so closely matched Ruth’s that they would’ve guessed even if she hadn’t said anything.
“We’ve decided to break Sophie out of jail.” Aidan told them.
Demetri nodded. “Then we have no time to waste. Rory, get the equipment.”
Rory shot the Guardians a jaunty salute and then slipped out the door.







Chapter Twenty-Two



Sophie desperately tried to ignore the evil stare focused on her when a deeper shiver ran across her spine. Heavy footsteps retreated and the temperature of the room dropped. Her stomach lurched when she realized who now watched her. Her ribs screamed in pain but she forced herself to sit up.
“Finally. I thought you’d never wake up.”
The voice whispered like death over Sophie’s senses. Her heart stuttered when she turned on the bunk and looked out. Akeldama sat in a chair just outside her cell. Perfect, pale legs peeked out from a sleek red dress.
The demon’s skin was so pale, Sophie wondered if the person she wore had been dead for days. Blue veins crawled across the skin like highways, all meeting in the center of her chest.
“That’s a little different than the mommy-and-me act.” Sophie tried to keep her voice from shaking. Her fear was so sharp she could almost taste it.
Akeldama laughed and Sophie knew she heard Death in the sound. It froze her insides. She tried to keep a calm face. “Oh, I have a whole host of disguises. It works to not look the same every time I kill someone.”
Instantly Todd’s face, his smile, shot through Sophie’s mind. Her body tensed against the cold wall. Words, full of rage, formed but she couldn’t force them out. Instead, she glared across the cell.
The malevolence thickened. It reached out to Sophie and gripped her hard. The breath disappeared from her lungs as she was dragged from the bed. She hit the floor of the cell hard enough to knock her teeth together. Before she managed to inhale, Akeldama’s power tightened and hauled her to the bars.
Sophie couldn’t stop a scream when Akeldama gripped her hair and yanked her head back.
Those soulless eyes were only inches from her own. What she saw in them made horror burn her throat.
“You have escaped me once. I will not let you again.”
Sophie believed those words. They echoed through her mind and soul. She swallowed hard against the knot in her throat.
Satisfied with Sophie’s horror, Akeldama released her hair and leaned back in the chair.
Sophie clenched her jaw and brushed the hair out of her face. What a Guardian she was, cowering on the floor in front of her enemy. Shame and hatred wove through her heart.
“I will not be the one to kill you.” Akeldama smiled slyly.
Sophie instantly hated the sight. She shivered as she felt frigid air wrap around her. Akeldama pressed darkness and power into the cell, making sure Sophie knew how endless and vile it was.
“My prince would rather you be put to death by the very humans you’re trying to save.” Akeldama buffed the sharpened nails on the skirt of her dress and watched Sophie’s face. “It’s a favorite tactic of his. Brings a certain irony to the situation.”
All hope drained from Sophie at those words. These were demons. They were experienced with killing, and killing in the most horrific ways imaginable. Why did she think she was going to be able to escape this? Live through this?
Akeldama’s bored expression slipped for a moment and triumph laced the smile she wore. “I have had thousands of years to dream of this day. You have nothing. You see the future but cannot stop what it brings. I have tortured and killed your brother. I have taken the healer and razed your cathedral to the ground. I will have the men use your body and then rip it to pieces and there will be nothing to stop me.”
The demoness vanished. Her power remained behind to taunt Sophie.
This time Sophie couldn’t stop the shudder that ran through her body. She believed every word that passed the demon’s lips. Her only hope was that her friends could make it here in time. She shut her eyes against the hot tears that formed and prayed they would.

Tristan stood across the street from the police station while his mind searched for any sign of Sophie. A great darkness shielded him from feeling anything from her. He fisted his hands and then released them. The beasts inside him raked at his insides, desperate to be free. They didn’t like being separated from their mate and hated the fact that she was in danger.
“We are all going to be on America’s Most Wanted.” Aidan mumbled on his left side.
Tristan looked at him, and then further down, at his friends and new found teammate, while they stared across the street. Each face was serious. Each body tense to begin the rescue.
“What’s the plan?” Morgan asked.
Demetri didn’t respond immediately. “The plan is perfect, if a little overused. Create a distraction, cut the power, steal the keys, get the girl. Ruth, is the dress in the van?”
“It is.”
“We’ll need that, and the two reporter outfits.”
Morgan quirked an eyebrow at Ruth, prompting her to explain.
“I’ll go in, pretend I’ve lost my contact and use the dress to distract the men in there. I’ll also put on a pheromone our scientists have learned drive the demons crazy with lust. They won’t be able to resist me. While I’m doing that Morgan and Aidan can figure out which cell they’re holding Sophie in by using the guise of reporters.”
“Yes. Jackson and Rory will go and cut the power lines. The cops won’t have light to see by. Tristan and I will dismantle the other police with tranq guns after cutting the generator.”
“How will we see if there isn’t any light?” Jackson asked.
“Rory, hand me the bag.”
Rory winked at Morgan when he transferred the bag to Demetri’s hands. Demetri bent on one knee and unzipped it. “We’ll use these.” He pulled out eight pairs of sleek sunglasses. He passed them out, handing two to Tristan. “Give the other pair to Sophie when you reach her.”
“I don’t think sunglasses are really going to help us see in the dark.” Aidan shrugged to show his confusion.
“These are special glasses. Actually, they’re night vision glasses.” Rory slipped his pair into a back pocket.
“Huh.” Aidan stared at his pair a moment longer before he looked at Morgan. He reached out and gripped her hand in a quick squeeze.
“I know that we’ve trained you, and that you are Guardians, but remember, every single one of those cops is possessed. They will not hesitate to destroy you so you can’t hesitate either. Killing vampires or straight out demons isn’t difficult, I know. Seeing a human’s face, knowing they’re still in there, will make it hard.” Ruth warned them.
“Kill them if you have to.” Demetri said. “It’s the only way to get Sophie out alive.”
“Morgan, Aidan, come with me. We need to get dressed.” Ruth headed toward the van parked around the corner.
Tristan and Demetri split off to find an entry to the basement and to hunt down the generator. A few minutes later Morgan and Aidan, dressed in clean business clothes, headed inside with Ruth a few feet behind. Jackson nodded in Tristan’s direction, a promise to get Sophie out, as he and Rory headed to the power poles adjacent to the station.
Morgan rubbed her sweaty palms down the sides of her brown pencil skirt. She walked across the pavement and her pumps clicked, echoing the beat of her heart.
We’re going to get her and we are going to hunt down the Demoness until we find Lilli. Aidan shot her a grin that wasn’t as cocky as usual. Realizing that he failed to comfort her, he frowned.
I know. But what if we fail?
We won’t. We were born for this.
When they stepped inside, even without Sophie’s gift, they could feel the oppressiveness of evil that permeated the station. The pressure was off somehow, nothing that they could pinpoint exactly; they just knew it was different.
The lobby was empty save for a few policemen drinking coffee and the receptionist. A few of the men looked at them curiously over the tops of their mugs.
Morgan muscles tensed at their stares and she willed her fingers to stay visible. She forced herself to follow Aidan toward the reception desk. When they neared the part where her duplicity would take her past the point of no return, she felt her stomach clench. What was she doing?
But she realized it was now or never. They had to get Sophie out and then rescue Lilli from the demons.
They reached the desk. The blonde receptionist popped a large bubble from her gum.
There was no turning back now. She suddenly recalled how Sophie and Lilli had taken care of her after the attack by Akeldama. They’d stood by her even when she’d treated them horribly. She pushed her fears aside and concentrated on the receptionist, whose name tag read “Bridget”.
Morgan raised an eyebrow at the girl. “Excuse me. We’re here to see the girl from the Cathedral?” She made a point of looking in her notepad. “Sophie Lawrence?”
Bridget stared at her for a second before glancing over at Aidan. Morgan narrowed her eyes when Bridget’s heat up. Granted, Aidan did look unusually hot in a tweed jacket and yellow tie.
“Yes.” Aidan lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper and leaned forward. “We heard she killed the priest.”
The girl popped another bubble and flipped her hair back off her shoulder. The rhinestones on her shirt glittered when she smiled at Aidan. “What do you want to talk to her for? I heard she’s crazy.”
Aidan tensed beside her. She didn’t like them talking about Soph either.
“We’re here to get her side. A story like this could take us into the big leagues. The money we’ll get paid for this exclusive interview, well, we’ll be set for life.” Aidan smiled at Bridget. “You tell us where she is and give us enough time for a small interview and we’ll cut you in.”
“What makes you think this will even make a profit?”
Triumph soared when Morgan saw Bridget was hooked but then it crashed when she noticed that the policemen were becoming very interested in what they were doing. They still sipped their coffee but something in their manner had changed. She risked a peek back at them.
They were definitely interested. A few were setting their mugs down.
Aidan, we need to hurry.
I know, I feel the change too. To Bridget he said, “How could this not make a profit? A girl is found outside a burning cathedral, covered in blood. Where a priest was brutally murdered. This is going to get international coverage.”
The officers walked toward them. Morgan could see the change fully in their eyes now. The demonic light was bright and she wondered how Bridget couldn’t see what she worked with. Aidan!
“We’ll give you twenty percent of the profit.” Aidan fought the urge to turn around. They needed to find out where Sophie was fast. With the demonic power in this station, Sophie’s power was shielded from them. They couldn’t locate her on their own.
Bridget’s eyes narrowed. “Thirty.”
Aidan took a few precious seconds to look like he was mulling the idea over as the back of his neck tingled. The demons were way too close for comfort. “It’s a deal.” Morgan froze beside him when they heard booted feet stop just behind them.
One of the policemen slapped a hand down on Aidan’s shoulder. The weight settled on his body and Aidan stilled.
Morgan’s eyes widened when she took in the size of the guard standing behind Aidan. The man was colossal, complete with shoulders that would give a linebacker pause, a hand that could crush her head without blinking, and eyes that shone demonically. Heat rose beside her.
Aidan, don’t. We still don’t know where Sophie is! Morgan saw Bridget shuffle from behind the reception desk and head toward the left. Great, our bimbo runs. We need to get to the computer and figure out where they’re keeping Sophie.
What do you expect me to do? This guy isn’t exactly small. I kind of feel like Jack right now. See any geese laying golden eggs?
Shut up, Aidan! Morgan ignored his sarcasm and focused her attention on the officers when they crowded in closer. Her back edged up against the desk and she knew there was no where to run. She could teleport but that would mean leaving Aidan to handle the giant and his minions by himself.
Aidan was tough, but there were more of them.
The giant wrapped his hand around the lapel of Aidan’s tweed jacket. A sickening smile twisted his lips and he leaned in, placing his nose to Aidan’s.
Morgan caught a whiff of something that smelled like barbecue and sulfur. She instantly gagged.
The hand on Aidan loosened when the giant straightened to his full height. He sniffed the air and his pupils went black and vertical. A deep sound rumbled from his chest.
It took a moment for Morgan to realize that the demon was purring and licking his lips. A quick look around and the others were doing the same.
“Hello, boys.” A throaty voice teased from behind the demons. “I’ve lost something. Do you think you can help me?”
As each demon caught sight of the speaker, their bodies went rigid.
Everywhere.
Morgan fought down a sudden bout of nausea.
It’s Ruth! Aidan shouted into Morgan’s mind as soon as he saw her. Wow, she looks hot in that red dress!
Morgan fought down the urge to claw Ruth’s eyes out at the purely male admiration in Aidan’s tone. We have to find Sophie.
Right. Sophie. How do we do that now that the girl ran off?
Morgan jerked her head toward the computer on the reception desk. All the demon’s eyes were on Ruth and they had to take advantage of that immediately.
Aidan braced both palms on the counter and vaulted over. He landed in a crouch behind Bridget’s chair and then stood, reaching out a hand to help Morgan over.
“Why are you just standing there?” Morgan snapped in his ear.
He jumped and then shot her a dark glare. “I didn’t realize you were going to teleport.”
“The computer, Aidan.” Morgan waved at the keyboard. “They have to have some kind of processing sheet. Look for Sophie’s name.”
“OK.” Aidan’s fingers flew over the keyboard when he found the icon and pulled up the program.
“Use her first and last name.”
“Gotcha.”
“She spells her first name with an -ie, not a Y.”
“I know.”
“And her last name is spelled---”
“Morgan! I’ve got this.” He typed in the name before Morgan could add anything else and waited as the search engine gave them an hourglass.
The demon purring grew louder. It reverberated through Aidan’s chest and down his arms. He tapped his fingertips on the surface of the desk.
“Ruth’s being surrounded.” Morgan glared down at the computer. “Have they never heard of high speed internet?”
Aidan noticed Ruth eying him pointedly. He gave a sharp shake of his head. No, they hadn’t found Sophie’s location yet. She frowned and reached behind her.
“There!” Morgan’s eyes scanned the screen when the processing sheet finally loaded. As Aidan put in Sophie’s name with an -ie and not a y, Morgan was shocked to see Bridget emerge from a door to their left.
The blonde ignored the purring officers and headed straight for Morgan and Aidan.



Chapter Twenty-Three



Sophie tried hard not to think about the fact that she was locked in a cell in a police station possessed by demons. Or about the fact that Akeldama had visited her and proven who the stronger of the two was.
Defeat was a bitter taste, and Sophie realized it might be all she had now. Soon, the demons wearing police skin were going to come for her. They would use her and then throw her away, like they’d thrown Todd away. Her parents would be childless and the others would be short two Guardians.
The darkness rose inside her. It threatened to consume her and she didn’t have the energy to fight it.
Hatred and dark purpose scraped across her skin even before Campbell appeared in front of her cell doors.
Five more officers, including the one who’d dragged her in here, stopped behind him. Each face had the same malicious intent.
The same glowing eyes.
Sophie swallowed against the pain and struggled to sit up. If she was going to die tonight, it was going to be with some dignity.
“Open the doors, Debrowski.”
When the man held up a card to the reader, and the machine beeped, Sophie’s eyes darted back and forth, looking for a way to escape.
These men were twice her size. They could easily break her in half in their new demonic states. Bile rose in her throat. This was not how she wanted her life to end.
She eyed the men warily when they crowded in. The space inside the cell was suddenly so much tighter. Six bodies blocked her way to freedom.
“Campbell, you know that I didn’t kill Kent. He was helping me.” Sophie told him. He ignored her and reached inside his jacket.
Her heart beat painfully in her chest. She’d never been more aware of the life-giving muscle than this moment. It just might not be beating for that much longer, and she knew that.
“Those of the Light shall be extinguished so that our Prince may be freed.” Campbell ignored her words and pulled a long, dark object from inside his jacket. At first Sophie thought it was just a police baton--although “just” wasn’t apt, she knew it would cause her plenty of pain--but then the light glinted off of metal, and fear rose in her throat.
“Hold her down.” Jacobson ordered.
Sophie backed up against the wall of the cell. She suddenly wished she had Morgan’s gift.
Debrowski took point and and reached out. His fingers closed around her wrists like a vice. He yanked her forward.
Sophie cried out. None of the officers flinched at the fear in her tone. They grabbed her and shoved her to the floor.
They pressed her into the concrete and the cold bit into her back.
She suffocated even though they weren’t covering her mouth. They were so big and so close and so hateful that her lungs burned.
Debrowski’s arm reached across her face to hold down her other side. She clamped down on it with her teeth as hard as she could. Blood filled her mouth and she gagged on the metallic flavor.
He cursed and ripped his arm out of her mouth. He hit her across the cheek with the back of his hand and stars loaded her vision.
“Grab her arms and legs.” Campbell knelt down beside her.
Sophie bucked against their hands. The back of her head struck the concrete, stilling her for a moment from the sharp pain. She moaned.
Jacobson brought the knife up above his head.
She looked into his eyes, praying for mercy. Nothing but hollowness greeted her. “Please, don’t.” Tears formed and fell.
His mouth twisted into a sneer and he brought the knife down.
Sophie opened her mouth to scream.
The power cut off.

Tristan followed Aidan through the doors to the cell block. Everything was cast in a greenish glow when he settled the night vision glasses on his face and dropped the used tranq gun on the floor. He listened to Morgan and Aidan try to understand the directions the receptionist had given them.
“She said to turn left.” Aidan stopped at the first hallway and peeked down.
“No, idiot, she said the second left and go through the next card reader.” Morgan shot him a glare.
“Oh, right. These night vision glasses make it harder to see.”
“Do they make you stupid too?”
Tristan was about to tell them both to shut up when a scream echoed down the hallway. His heart stopped.
“That sounds like Sophie!” Morgan froze in the hallway.
Tristan didn’t look back as he ran past. He gave release to one of the beasts that clawed inside. Black fur sprouted out and his face elongated. Pain racked his body but he welcomed it. He needed the panther’s senses for the dark.
He met with the card reader and closed door, his muscles bunching and coiling.
Aidan walked cautiously around the growling panther when it threw its head back and roared. “Let me get the door for you.” He placed the card up to the reader and after it beeped, he shoved it open.
Tristan pounced into the hallway, muscles rippling.

Sophie threw her body to the side the instant it went dark. The sound of the blade striking concrete echoed in her ears. She couldn’t see but swung her arm out, praying for a miracle. It connected with Debrowski’s jaw. The surprise hit knocked him backward into two of the other men.
That freed her up. She took the chance to roll away from them and her ribs screamed with the movement.
Her foot caught Campbell’s leg.
He was on her in seconds. His fingers went straight for her neck.
Her arms flailed wildly and the blows bounced off of him. She couldn’t see anything but the demonic light in his eyes shining down at her.
Campbell pressed harder into the tender flesh of her throat.
Burning pain crawled upward and spots filled her vision. Her head snapped back to hit the floor again.
Campbell tightened his hands even further, making Sophie lose her vision.
But she could feel.
She felt the demons inside the bodies. Their slimy beings coated the police officers. Then she sensed the demons shift inside the bodies and their uneasy movements intensify. All but Campbell shifted back and faced the cell doors.
Campbell didn’t move off of her but his hands loosened enough for her to suck in air.
Oxygen burned into her lungs and Sophie coughed violently.
A low growl rolled into the darkness from the doorway. The guttural sound was like thunder in the distance, warning of an impending storm.
For Sophie it was like an electrical tempest. Sophie’s heart jumped into overdrive when she noticed Tristan. She wasn’t aware of how empty she’d been until she felt him fill all the caverns in her soul. A sob stuck in her throat when she realized her friends had come for her.
Yellow-green eyes peered at her from over Campbell’s shoulder. Tristan let out another hostile growl.
Campbell froze when his demon suddenly sensed Tristan.
Sophie got the impression that he might have continued if it had been only Tristan, his demon looked forward to the fight with a panther, but even now Aidan and Morgan reached the cell doorway with Jackson only a hallway behind. Five Guardians against five demons were not odds he wanted to gamble with.
Light engulfed the room, flashing so bright that for an instant Sophie wondered if somehow Campbell had killed her and she didn’t know it. Then it settled into a small blaze around Aidan when he pulled the flames back toward his body.
The four other demons looked like they had tried to crawl through the cracks in the walls when they spied the fire.
Morgan disappeared.
One of the men nearest the door doubled over, clutching his groin. His face turned green, then an invisible blow broke his nose.
Aidan marched toward two others, pushing his heat onto them.
 Campbell’s hands tightened again.
This time she’d regained enough hope and strength from her friends’ presence to use her own hands. She gripped his wrists.
His glowing eyes bored down into hers as she twisted. He sneered.
Tristan’s panther screamed its outrage, then pounced on Campbell. The hit knocked him off of Sophie and into the cell bunk.
Sophie was thankful for Aidan’s flames, she could see when she rolled over onto her knees to get out of the way of Campbell and Tristan’s brawl. She could see Jackson entering the already too-small cell. He crossed straight to her and pulled her up by her arm.
I’m going to get you into the hallway.
Although she felt completely useless at the moment, she knew not to let her pride make her stupid. If she was out of the way her friends could get rid of the demons quicker.
She nodded and let Jackson guide her through the cell and out into hallway. She smiled. She didn’t care if she looked like an idiot, she was free of those confines. There was space around her.
It was darker here since the wall she was leaning against blocked Aidan’s flames.
Hold still for a sec.
Sophie stilled as Jackson slid something onto her face. When she opened her eyes, everything was green. After her eyes adjusted she turned back toward the cell. Hearing the sounds of the battle inside she quickly prayed the human occupants would survive.
She could feel Jackson’s anguish through the anger coursing through him. He wanted Lilli back. He wanted to be rescuing her now, instead of breaking Sophie out of prison. It hurt to know that and she tried to put herself in his shoes.
Tag team. Jackson, go finish them. Morgan appeared beside Jackson. Her pencil skirt was crooked and the pink shirt was halfway untucked. A few strands of hair fell from her ponytail but she still managed to look beautiful.
Jackson was gone by the time Sophie turned her attention back to him.
I’m so glad to see you! Morgan wrapped her in a quick hug.
Tears burned Sophie’s throat. I was terrified I wouldn’t see you guys again.
Like Demetri would miss out on a chance to use his gun. Morgan stepped back and straightened her skirt.
Tristan came out of the cell in his human form. Sophie’s eyes traveled over him hungrily. Was he hurt? He was still in the sweatpants and t-shirt he’d worn earlier when they’d fought and made up. There was blood, soot, and rips all over them but she could recognize and latch on to that happier memory.
He crossed the hallway to stop directly in front of her. Her mouth went dry. Heat surged from him, whether from the Change or Aidan’s fire she wasn’t sure. All she knew is that if he kept eying her with that intensity for much longer, she’d permanently forget how to breathe.
“Did you get her? We only have a few minutes before the officers start waking up.”
Sophie broke eye contact to see a tall blond guy walking up to them. He looked vaguely familiar and when she saw a flash of roguish grin she saw the resemblance.
“Hello, Sweetheart. I’m Rory, Ruth’s brother. You must be Sophie.” He brushed past Tristan to shake her hand. “She never said you were so beautiful.”
Tristan growled and Sophie’s face heated up. “Um, thanks.” Tristan moved closer. “We should probably go, right?” She reached for Tristan’s hand and his fingers enclosed hers. The simple contact gave her a measure of strength.
Rory led them back down the hallway, single file. Since everything had been turned off, even the emergency lights, Sophie could feel the heat hovering. She used the night vision glasses to step over the officers’ bodies that were strewn across the floor. To her relief, each one breathed evenly.
They were about to cross the lobby when blue lights started flashing past the main doors.
“Crap.” Rory slid to a halt just outside the double doors.
“WE ARE GOING TO PROCEED WITH EXTREME FORCE. IF YOU ARE A HOSTAGE, STAY ON THE GROUND AND BE STILL UNTIL TOLD OTHERWISE.”
Tristan and Jackson cursed at the same time.
“Where are Ruth and Demetri?” Aidan asked.
Blue lights kept flashing. Shadows played on the doors as the teams outside got into position.
Rory sighed. “Getting the van. We were supposed to meet them out there. Now, we’ll have to find another way out.”
“There’s a basement.” Tristan said. “It has stairs to the street, a back alley.”
All movement outside the lobby doors ceased.
Sophie felt the tension thicken. “We should really go!” It blanketed the men outside the station. They waited for something, a signal maybe, and then they’d swarm in.







Chapter Twenty-Four



Glass exploded inward and skittered across the lobby floor.
Sophie clapped her palms over her ears as the ringing shrieked at a deafening level. She heard boots crunch the glass as men in black uniforms swarmed into the station.
We’re so dangerous they sent the S.W.A.T. team after us!
Rory shoved them into the hallway. “Whatever you do, don’t stop running. They will not hesitate to shoot you.”
Sophie’s heart burst into a harsh beat as they ran down the hall. Rory spoke fast into his ear bud as he gave Demetri new directions.
The black-booted men searched through the hallways in silence. While Sophie couldn’t hear them, she could sense their thoughts. Inside their minds was a determination to find them and an order to shoot-to-kill. They weren’t possessed by demons, which made them all the more dangerous. Any one of the Guardians would hesitate to use their powers on a regular human.
Sophie stifled a hysterical giggle when she saw the irony. Was that Akeldama’s plan all along? She wanted them to die by the people they were trying to save. Who better to do the job than an elite team of snipers?
The hallway felt endless as the group ran down it, fast.
“On the left. A staff only doorway.” Tristan pointed out to Rory.
Rory reared back and kicked the door in.
The booted steps sounded much closer.
Jackson and Aidan pushed the girls toward the doorway.
Don’t argue, just go! Aidan snapped when Morgan hesitated. I can’t fight them and worry about you, too.
Morgan’s argument subsided when two men rounded the corner. They pointed their guns at the Guardians.
“They aren’t really going to shoot us, are they?” Aidan nudged Morgan into the stairwell.
The men’s triumph crowded Sophie when they yelled, “I’ve spotted the suspects.”
Tristan shoved her onto the stairs. Gunfire echoed.
The bullet hit just above Tristan’s head and Morgan screamed. Sheetrock rained down.
“Move!” Tristan pushed them faster down the stairs.
Within seconds they’d reached the basement door.
Rory jerked on the handle. “Locked.”
“They shot at us.” Morgan whispered. She looked at Aidan, eyes wide.
Footsteps pounded. The men were getting close.
“Out of the way.” Jackson shouldered Rory aside. With a quick mental push the door blew open.
“Go.” Rory waved for them to hustle. They rushed into the basement and toward the rickety door to the outside.
Rory led them through the doors. Motion exploded behind them. Jackson, Aidan, and Tristan were on their heels as the S.W.A.T. mobilized after them.
“Stop right there!” Someone yelled.
The Guardians followed Rory out into an alley on the side of the station. He stopped at the edge of the street and spoke low and furious through his ear mike. He looked over his shoulder at them.
Sophie was sure they looked like a mess, each one heaved to draw in air. How could they be intimidating?
“I need the guys to covers us while we wait on Demetri and Ruth.” Rory nodded toward the S.W.A.T. team that raced toward them. “They should be here any second.”
Jackson, Tristan, and Aidan formed a line behind the girls and faced the kill squad.
The guys eyes hardened and they each let their powers show. The concrete groaned, then split. Jackson levitated the pieces in front of them. Aidan’s flames danced up and down his arms. Tristan growled low and his eyes shone yellow.
 The squad hesitated. A few of the men stumbled back when Tristan growled again.
Sophie understood their fear. The growl had the hair on her neck standing up.
A squeal of rubber shrieked through the night. Demetri brought the van to an abrupt stop in front of them. The side door opened and Ruth poked her head out. “Get in.”
Rory helped the girls in. “Get your butts in gear, guys!”
The S.W.A.T. members shook off their fear. Bullets ricocheted off the side of the van.
Before Rory had the door shut, Demetri peeled out and gunned the gas.
Sophie stumbled over to the benches screwed into the sides of the back of the van just as Demetri cut a hard right followed almost immediately by a hard left. Through the windows in the back door of the van she could see the S.W.A.T team run back to the police station.
“We got away!” Morgan took a deep breath. She, Aidan, and Jackson sat across from Sophie, Rory, and Tristan.
“Don’t get excited yet, Morgan.” Ruth loaded her gun from the passenger seat. “That was too easy.”
“How was that easy?” Aidan snapped. “They had trained snipers after us.”
Sophie wanted to echo that sentiment even though she knew Ruth was right. How did they escape a police station full of possessed officers and an elite team of snipers?
“Akeldama must have something else in mind.” Demetri sped through the streets without hesitation, cutting corners and taking alleyways to other streets in a zigzag pattern.
“Something much, much worse. Ruth, pass me another magazine.” Rory reached out his hand. Ruth passed him a cartridge over her shoulder. She never took her eyes off of the road.
“Where are we going? You only told us the plan for getting Sophie out of jail.” Jackson crossed his arms.
It was then Sophie noticed the jagged cut on his forearm. “Jackson, you’re bleeding.”
He glanced down, dismissed it, repeated his question to Demetri.
Demetri eyes cut briefly into the rear view mirror and then back to the road. “We’re taking you to where Akeldama can’t follow.”
Jackson frowned at his evasive answer.
Sophie wanted to know where it was that the Demoness couldn’t go.
The van turned onto a road and Sophie heard Ruth sigh.
“We’re getting closer. Maybe we can make it before they—“
Something slammed into the van. It rocked to the side on two wheels, still speeding down the pavement.
“Find us.” Ruth finished.
A shriek sliced through the air.
“You opened your mouth too soon, Sis.” Rory watched a claw tear through the wall beside his head. He blinked as it ripped back out, taking a piece of the wall with it.Sophie peeked out the back window to see they ‘d left the city behind and now drove on a highway through a forest, surrounded by trees and zero street lights. In this empty area she could feel the oppression in the air. “I hate to say this, but there are hundreds of those things out there.” Unending hunger sharpened in her mind.
Another hit and then scratching and a thump over head. Like the creature had landed on the roof.
Demetri bit out a curse and swung the wheel, sending the van into a turn. Sophie braced her palms on the wall beside her and closed her eyes. Her stomach flipped and then flipped again. She’d always hated carnival rides, and this was beginning to feel like one from hell.
When the van finally stopped she breathed deeply through her nose and then out of her mouth. The others looked the same, except for Aidan, who had a wild light in his eyes.
“You like carnival rides, Aidan?”
He grinned at Sophie. “I’m the first one on them.”
She nodded until the demon’s minds crushed in on her again. It was unrelenting pressure, all focused on one thing.
Ripping them to bite size pieces.
Tristan noticed her pale face and rubbed a hand down her arm. His eyes met hers, still yellowish, and she felt safer. He was there, solid and close, and she knew he wouldn’t let the demons get her if he could help it.
“Hang on.” Demetri gunned the engine again. The van shot forward.
A small scream slipped through Sophie’s lips when the demons hammered at the vehicle. It wasn’t that they were desperate, they liked feed on fear.
How she understood this, she didn’t know. The emotions from the demons poured into her mind. She got the distinct impression they forced the van where they wanted it to go. “Demetri!”
“I know.” He fought to keep the van level.
Morgan locked her fingers in both Aidan’s and Jackson’s, her mouth set. Each time a demon plowed into the van, she flinched.
“We’re being attacked full force.” Ruth spoke into a radio. “It looks like hundreds. Forgo the rendezvous point and head to our coordinates.”
The demons shrieked and screamed.
“We’re going to be on foot. In the forest.”
Someone on the radio answered their assent.
“On foot?” Aidan asked. “Isn’t that exactly where they want us?”
“We have no choice, Aidan.” Jackson held Morgan’s hand limply. “They are going to destroy this van. We don’t need to be in it when that happens.”
Aidan cocked his head when another hit almost put the van on two wheels again. “Yeah, probably not.”
The next hit succeeded. The van tilted up on its side.
Tristan grabbed Sophie and held her to his chest.
The van rolled. The windshield shattered and glass flew.
Sophie couldn’t focus on anything as the carnival ride from hell made her want to throw up. She wrapped her arms tight around Tristan and prayed for it to end.
The van skidded upside down into a ditch and jarred to a stop.
She and Tristan landed on their sides and she blinked against the raw pain that burst in her ribs. It took her a few moments to be able to focus through the agony.
Morgan leaned against Aidan, who wiped a cut above his right eye. Jackson unfolded himself from a corner of the van.
“That wasn’t so bad.” Rory shook his head and glass hards fell out.
Another demon hit. The van rocked up and then slammed back down.
Aidan cursed. “Enough, already.”
It grew quiet outside. Everyone stilled and the tension stretched.







Chapter Twenty-Five



“Is everyone okay?” Ruth hung upside down by her seat belt. She undid the clasp and landed in a crouch.
They nodded weakly.
Sophie wanted to shout that no, they weren’t okay and most likely never would be. Hundreds of hungry, man-eating demons surrounded them. Instead, she bit her lip and tried not to cry.
Demetri undid his belt. He crawled to the back and stood. Ruth pulled a sliver of glass out of his shoulder and the wound immediately started to gush. She grabbed an old rag from the ceiling and wrapped it around his shoulder and arm pit before cinching it tight.
“I’m going to need my bow.” Rory nodded to Ruth. “It’s under your seat.”
Ruth turned and reached above her. From under the seat she pulled a metal box and tossed it to Rory.
He placed the box over his knees and undid the locks, his eyes gleaming. Sophie peeked over his shoulder. The bow was made out of polished oak. He pulled it out with reverence and unfolded it to its original size, which was the length of his head, neck, and torso.
Aidan whistled. “That is awesome, man.”
“Yes, it is.” Rory’s eyes trailed the symbols along the long bow. “This is an original from the First Island. It’s been fighting demons for a long, long time.”
Sophie was breathless. It gave her some comfort, in an odd sort of way, that this piece of weaponry had survived that long. Maybe they could, too.
Demetri pulled out some more weapons; two guns and a few machetes. He passed the guns to Jackson and Aidan and the machetes to the rest.
“We have to make it to the tree line. The demons after us are wraith demons. They have to become incorporeal to follow us through the forest. They can only solidify in open spaces.” Demetri explained. “Ruth and I will go first. Rory, you follow the others and head up the back.”
Rory nodded and didn’t give them any time to think about what they were about to rush into. He reached over and unlocked the back doors.
“Now!” Demetri shouted.
Rory kicked open the doors and fired off a few arrows. He nocked each arrow rapidly, so fluid Sophie had a hard time following his motions.
Demetri and Ruth leaped out of the van. They kept the demons in their ghostly forms with constant gunfire.
Jackson went next. He formed a mental shield around the group. Sophie could feel all of his power pouring into it.
The demons seemed to sense it was there. They hovered just above it, never wavering in their intensity.
Sophie had never been so scared. She looked up at the many demonic forms above, leathery and cruel. All they wanted to do was taste the humans. There was no soul. No conscious to hold them back.
That was the scariest part.
The shield rippled.
One of the demons slid down the outer wall and shuddered. The red eyes in its rat-like face narrowed. The body undulated in the dark and then it was shadow, thin and misty.
Sophie clutched the handle of the machete she carried, her hands sweating.
It wormed its way inside the shield, the black mass wriggling.
“Aidan!” Demetri bellowed.
When the demon solidified, just a few feet in front of Sophie and Morgan, Aidan let the flames loose. His jaw locked, amber eyes fierce, while he kept it hot. The demon screamed, the sound eerily matching a wounded baby.
Sophie clamped her hands over her ears and tried to block it out.
It gave one last squeal of rage before it turned transparent and wiggled back out of the shield.
“Oh my God.” Morgan whimpered. “We are never going to make it out of here.”
“We are.” Sophie put a hand on her arm. “We have to.”
“Go!” Demetri shouted.
Several of the demons hit the wall at once and Jackson grunted. The shield flickered.
If the shield failed now…Sophie didn’t want to contemplate how that would end. Horror was a permanent ache in her chest, a hitch in her breathing.
“Faster!” Rory called from the back.
The demons battered at the wall with no thought to the damage they did themselves. Sophie heard wings snap and bones crunch, but it didn’t slow them down. She felt the shield weaken the more they hit it. Jackson could only keep it up for so long.
Pain swept over Sophie. It took her a minute to realize it was Jackson’s. The shield wavered and then blanked out right when they reached the forest.
The trees blocked out most of the moonlight and darkness enveloped them. The tree branches hung low, gnarled fingers trying to catch the Guardians for the demons.
“Keep running. Don’t stop for anything!” Ruth led the way over fallen trees and twisted paths.
Tristan shifted back into the panther to use the cat’s senses while running. He focused on the horde that weaved their way through the trees.
Sophie tried to block out the whispers of the demons while she stayed on Morgan and Aidan’s heels. Her rib cage throbbed, she breathed harshly to keep up.
Tasty. Treat. The demons swerved closer to her and the whispers continued to flit in and out. The pressure strengthened in her mind.
Morgan shimmered in and out of visibility in front of her. Aidan looked over every few moments to make sure she was still next to him.
Behind her she could hear Rory and Jackson’s rapid footsteps. Rory cursed at the demons when they came too close. She wasn’t sure how long they ran but knew that if they had to keep it up much longer, someone was going to have to carry her. Each breath she took stabbed through her chest.
Ahead of her Demetri skidded to a halt as they entered a clearing. Thin blades of grass separated them from the rest of the woods. It was beautiful, moonlight casting a silver glow to the flowers. A fairy oasis in the middle of hell’s forest.
Except that several demons would have enough room to form and attack.
“Rory!”
Rory rushed to Demetri’s side. He, Ruth, and Rory concentrated on the shadows surrounding them.
“This is crazy.” Morgan reached for Sophie’s hand. “Why is she toying with us?”
“I don’t know.” Sophie shook her head. “She could kill us instantly. Maybe she likes to watch us run. Like it’s a game to her.”
“I don’t like this game.” Aidan had a warm glow on his arms that reminded Sophie of a stove burner.
Tristan rubbed his head on Sophie’s leg to reassure her. He chuffed twice. She won’t get to you again.
While she was confident in her friend’s abilities, she knew Akeldama wasn’t going to let them go that easily. The only question was why she was letting them get this far?
The whispers from the demons spiked. Space. Become solid. Flesh to eat. Huuungry. They slithered over her skin like spider webs with a chill and into her mind, making her numb. All she could sense was hunger and darkness. The thoughts whirled around and around in her head and she sank to her knees. Her head felt like it was about to explode.
The others looked back at her.
“What’s happening?” Ruth asked.
Sophie gave a small jerk of her head and moaned.
Tristan roared, making Morgan jump, when a demon solidified and dove at them. He leaped up and collided with the demon in mid air. It carried him several feet into the clearing before dropping him toward the grass. The panther twisted and landed on its paws, snarling.
The demon pinned him to the ground with its claws and locked its jaws around his throat.
The panther stilled, barely breathing.
Several more demons solidified in the air above the clearing.
Sophie felt each and every one become flesh and bone like a heartbeat. The dull spark of their minds melded with hers more firmly with each transformation.
“What do we do?” Aidan watched the demon clench its jaw tighter around the panther’s throat. “It’s going to kill him!”
Demetri eyed the situation, his face grim. “Sneak around to the demon’s tail.”
Aidan nodded once and snuck around the edge of the clearing. The other demons dove at him.
Rory lifted his bow and aimed. The arrows sliced through the air with a scream and hit their targets, allowing Aidan to get behind the one holding Tristan.
The whispers grew louder in a wave of despair and craving. Sophie gagged. Cobwebs of misery swept over her skin.
Now, Aidan. Morgan pushed.
Aidan caught the demon’s tail in his hands and held onto the scales.
The flames swept over and the demon screeched. It swiveled its head, releasing Tristan. Aidan took a step back when it screeched again. Oh crap.
Aidan! Morgan flickered in and out of sight. Get out of there, you idiot!
What do you think I’m trying-- Aidan jumped out of the way as the demon ran at him. The panther cut it off, paying it back by locking his strong jaws around its throat. Tristan didn’t hesitate. The teeth tore through the sensitive skin and straight to the main artery in the neck.
“Look out!” Jackson yelled when more demons appeared.
Oh my God. What are we going to do? Morgan closed her eyes. There are so many of them.
Another wave of despair rolled over Sophie and she gasped, grabbing Morgan’s attention. Morgan pulled Sophie up by her arms and looked her in the eyes.
The violet had disappeared behind the black of Sophie’s pupils. Morgan shook Sophie. “Snap out of it!”
The demand in Morgan’s voice buffered the despair and Sophie focused. She blinked.
Aidan sent a wall of fire careening at two of the demons that hovered near the girls.
Some of the other demons snarled and howled when rocks barraged them, a la Jackson.
“There’s too many!” Ruth fired three more shots. She dropped to one knee and reloaded. “We have to get them out of here!”
A demon eyed her hungrily and then swung down at her. It pinned her to the ground before she had a chance to raise her gun.
Sound exploded, like a cannon had been shot. The demon exploded into leathery pieces and scales. Half a wing landed on her and Ruth covered her head. With jerky movements she fought her way out from under it. She smiled. “Casey.”
Casey stood at six feet-four. His shaved head and mocha skin was covered in tattoos. When he smiled back at her, the moonlight glinted off of a silver tooth. He shouldered his gun and offered her a hand. When she accepted, he pulled her to her feet.
“It’s about time you showed up!” Rory fired three more arrows, nailed a demon to a tree. Its lips twisted in a grimace and snapped at him. From the scabbard on his belt, Rory pulled a machete and cut the head off. The rest of the body wilted.
“Where is the rest of the team?” Demetri asked.
“On their way.” Casey aimed and pulled the trigger. The gun thundered to life and knocked two more demons out of the sky.
Sophie hugged herself when the demons’ anger spiked at being hunted. The machete slipped from her fingers and stuck in the dirt.
Morgan looked down at her.
Sophie’s skin glowed softly.
Guys, something’s going on with Sophie.
Tristan responded first. He leaped off of a demon carcass and landed next to Sophie. His yellow eyes watched her as he nudged her with his leopard’s nose. Sophie.
She jerked. The sound of his voice shifted through the darkness in her mind. Her eyes lightened a little.
He repeated her name after he shifted back to his human form. His hand came up to caress her face.
“There are more!” Aidan called back. He pushed more flames to keep up a constant wall of fire.
A petite, strawberry blonde entered the clearing from Casey’s left. She carried a black backpack on her shoulder. Her aquamarine eyes scanned the group, then rested on Sophie’s glowing form.
“Allison!” Demetri barked.
The woman stopped. “Sir?”
“Get them out of here!”
The demons multiplied and the sound on the other side of the wall of fire amplified.
Allison nodded and gestured for the Guardians to follow her.
“If I go now, the wall of fire goes too. I can’t keep it up.” Aidan told Demetri.
“Jackson, keep us shielded for as long as you can. We’ll hold them long enough for you to gain a head start.” Demetri nodded toward Allison. “Go!”
Allison took off into the woods.
Sophie didn’t struggle when Tristan took her hand and led her back into the tree line, close on Allison’s heels.
The demons fought against Jackson’s shield as the wall of fire dissipated.
Aidan grabbed Morgan’s hand and pulled her along behind him.
“Jackson. Go.” Demetri repeated.
Jackson hesitated before saying, “I can probably hold it for a minute after I leave.”
“It’ll be long enough.” Casey cocked his gun and watched Jackson slip into the tree line after the others.
A minute later the shield crashed.
Sophie could feel the shadows race through the trees. She concentrated on the feel of Tristan’s hand rather than the darkness hunting them.
“Allison. This way!” Someone called from the right.
Allison veered that way instantly.
They ran past a tall woman with flaming red hair. She aimed a crossbow above their heads but didn’t fire. Her cold eyes scanned the forest.
Crashing sounds permeated behind them. She jerked her crossbow at the rustling. Ruth, Demetri, Rory, and Casey burst through the foliage and ran at the group. Each one looked like they’d been dragged through the mud and splattered in blood. How much of it was their own, Sophie didn’t know.
“Seline, head the rear!” Demetri barked to the redhead and took the lead from Allison. He didn’t spare a glance at the Guardians when he asked, “Nolan?”
“He’s keeping watch at the road.” Seline answered.
A shiver moved through Sophie. The demons surrounded them, impatient for the moment they could solidify.
They moved again, toward the road, at a quicker pace than before.
“I’ll be so happy when we’re not in these woods anymore.” Morgan stumbled over a root but righted herself before she fell. “It’s just creepy that they’re waiting in the shadows, like stalkers.”
“Do you know that because you’ve been stalked or are you so madly in love with me you had to stalk me for fear I wouldn’t return your love?” Aidan winked at her and darted around a tree.
“You wish.” She shoved him to the side. He bounced right back to run next to her.
It was hard to concentrate on the normalcy of Morgan and Aidan’s bickering with the wraith demons emotions flickering through Sophie. The lightheartedness of their comments was overshadowed by the misery of blackness sweeping over it.
A man stood from a crouch when the group approached the edge of the road that cut through the forest. He was as tall as Seline, standing a few inches shorter than Casey. His ice blue eyes traveled instantly to Seline and then passed to Demetri.
“I’ve seen a few shadows hovering around the road. They know we have to pass.” The man turned his head and a stripe of white stood out in his midnight hair.
“There’s no other way, Nolan. This road goes for miles.” Ruth told him. The team made a huddle.
The Guardians stood off to the side while the adults discussed strategy. Jackson faced the way they’d come, his eyes following the shadows that slid through the trees. Aidan and Morgan argued fiercely in whispers.
Tristan stood beside Sophie and his eyes watched the team confer. She could feel him next to her but all she could focus on was the sudden stillness of the forest. Even the wind had died down. Opposite that the wraith demons’ emotions spiraled in a frenzy, their movements agitated.
The cobweb feeling thickened until it cocooned her. Her breath hitched and her heart thundered in her ears.
An arctic blast of cold shot through on a sudden burst of wind. It caused them all to shiver and Sophie’s heart stopped its rapid beat when she figured out what it meant.
“Demetri!” She jumped and ran to the huddle.
They looked up as she skidded to a halt. Tristan and the others weren’t far behind her.
“S-she’s here!” Sophie bit out over the shaking in her body. “Akeldama i-is here.”
Allison’s eyes widened in alarm and Demetri, Rory and Casey cursed.
Again the forest went silent. This time the others noticed before Sophie could say anything. Everyone tensed, peering harder into the shadows.
The sound of high heels cracking on the pavement echoed through the trees, each step louder than the one before it.
Demetri's fingers tightened on his machete that he held loose by his side. He nodded to the team. They fanned out in front of the Guardians.
Beside her Sophie heard the pulling of tendons and repositioning of bones that signaled Tristan shift. Orange, black, and white fur sprouted over his body while he crouched closer to the ground. When he was done, he chuffed once and brushed Sophie's upper arm with his head.
Aidan smoldered, his fire just beneath his skin. He looked ready to release it at a moment's notice. Morgan stood calmly to his left but Sophie could feel the anxiety underneath.
Sophie was anything but calm. Her hands shook at her sides. Akeldama had found them. She knew they were going to die, that this was the end. There was no way Akeldama was going to let them get away when they were this close to freedom. Not when she'd get so much satisfaction from ending them for good.



Chapter Twenty-Six



The temperature continued to plummet until it hurt to draw in air. The wraith demons stirred in the shadows.
“Well, here you are.” Akeldama appeared on the other side of the road, directly in their escape route. The scarlet red of her corset and mini skirt stood out against the pale skin of her disguise from the station. “I can't have you escaping and making me look like a fool, now can I?” Her eyes shot to Sophie. “Have my pets been making you uncomfortable? The Light Keeper is too tantalizing for them. They may lose control around you.”
Confusion settled over Sophie. Demetri's team risked shocked looks at her.
“Not that you will have to worry about it much longer, but they are attracted to the Light you hold inside.” Akeldama surveyed the group, this time her eyes landed on Jackson in a way that could freeze your soul. “The way Lilli screams for you to save her is pathetic, really.” She poked her bottom lip out in a pout. Lilli's voice rustled through the trees, weak and tearful.
Sophie tensed. Jackson's power swelled up.
“Too bad you won't make it to her.”
Jackson's control snapped. He charged toward the road. The anger coursing through him shot out in a tidal wave, making the trees sway. Casey stepped into his path, blocking him with his enormous body.
Akeldama's pupil's widened, the black covering the deathly blue and white. “A healer can be tortured for millennia without ever reaching the escape of death.” She raised her face toward the sky and let out a battle cry.
Jackson stopped struggling when the wraith demons solidified in the air around Akeldama.
Morgan made a show of counting the demons, then threw her hands in the air. “We can't make it past them.”
Akeldama giggled. The joy sounding in her laugh clashed with the brittleness of her eyes. “There is no way out, Guardians.” Her eyes narrowed. “Not this time.”
“We can't just stand here all night.” Allison pointed out. “And we can't go back the way we came. The only way out of this is to get to the water.”
“What's so special about the water?” Aidan asked.
“The Council has blessed the water surrounding the boat and to the shore.” Seline answered from where she stood next to Nolan. “That's why we have to get there and soon.”
Tristan growled his agreement, the rumble coming from his six hundred pound Siberian tiger body.
Sophie wondered who the Council was.
Demetri, who'd been silent during the exchange, didn't take his eyes off of Akeldama. She cocked her head and smiled.
The slimy smile made Sophie shiver.
Darkness teased at the edge of Sophie's mind. That same hunger she felt from earlier filtered through. She tried to block it out but something instinctive told her not to.
Out of the corner of her eye, to her right, she saw Rory lift his longbow and aim at one of the wraith demons above Akeldama. His emotions steadied, as if he was born for this moment, and he let the arrow fly.
The arrow nailed the demon above Akeldama directly in the skull. It wheeled backward and hit the ground behind her. She raised a single eyebrow and flicked a hand in Rory's direction.
He froze in position. The bow tumbled from his fingertips. Ice crystals covered his body.
“No!” Ruth watched her brother in disbelief. The crystals closed over his head. She turned back to Akeldama, anger in her eyes. “Let him go!”
Akeldama shrugged. “Give me the Guardians and I will let him go.” “You can't have them.” Demetri didn't flinch under Akeldama's frigid stare. Neither did he look worried over Rory's rapidly declining health.
Aidan, do something! Sophie nodded at Rory.
Aidan went to Rory and laid his hands on the ice crystals over his head. His palms glowed molten red as he allowed some of his heat to escape. The ice began to melt.
“Can't you go any faster?” Morgan hissed.
“Not if you want him to keep his handsome looks.” Aidan snapped.
Allison joined Aidan, slinging her medical bag to the ground.
Ruth, seeing Rory was being taken care of, fired some rounds at the demons. The shots went through when they shifted to shadow. She let out a slew of curses and reloaded.
Nolan stepped to the very edge of the forest. He examined the gap of space between the sides of the road. Sophie could see the plan calculating in his mind.
Shadows began to coalesce in front of him, just above his head.
“Get back, Nolan!” Sophie screamed.
The shadow formed too quickly.
It sank its claws into Nolan's shoulders and yanked him out into the clearing. The demon gave a screech of triumph that alerted its brethren to the catch.
Tristan's tiger body sprang from beside Sophie and landed in front of where the demon crouched on the pavement, Nolan pinned to the ground beneath its talons.
The sight of the demons swarming around Tristan and Nolan made Sophie's chest to burn. What was he thinking?
Heels clicked on the pavement. Akeldama walked through the swarm like the demon's weren't there. Above her head they snapped and snarled at each other, wanting Nolan for their own. She stopped a few feet in front of Tristan, Nolan, and his captor.
“No.” Sophie raced out onto the road before she thought about it, dodging Demetri when he tried to grab her.
Tristan crouched down, muscles bunching in his flank. His cat eyes watched Akeldama steadily. A low growl of warning grumbled in his throat.
“Shut up, kitty.” Akeldama waved a hand to demonstrate how unaffected she was by his warning. She looked over him to the demon behind. “Shoo, pet. And take your dinner with you.”
Leathery wings pumped the demon into the air. It flew over the trees, Nolan’s body tight in its talons.
Seline screamed, the sound coming from the depths of her agony.
Demetri signaled to the team. They nodded to him, all except Allison who waited beside Rory. They fanned out, falling into position.
I've got Rory's face clear. Working on the rest. Aidan said.
Jackson and Morgan stepped out onto the road, flanking Sophie. Jackson's barely restrained anger simmered under their resolve. His balled his fists.
Akeldama stalked toward Tristan. The way she moved reminded Sophie of a cobra, right before it struck.
She knew Akeldama could attack suddenly and without mercy. She couldn't let that happen to Tristan. There was no way she was losing him too.
Morgan winked out of sight. The slight glimmer in the air let Sophie know that she was still near. Jackson glanced over at Sophie. He nodded to her. They were going to fight for their freedom and knew death was something they might face. The anguish was clear in his eyes.
We'll get her back, Jackson. She let him see the determination in her eyes. Yes, Akeldama terrified her, but she had a purpose and that was to keep the Demoness from harming anyone else. To do that she had to stop cowering behind Demetri and his team, to use what she had inside of her.
She faced Akeldama and closed her eyes. At first nothing happened. All she could concentrate on was the hunger and hatred flowing from the demons above them. It permeated every crevice in her mind. Sophie thought back to when the Light had first appeared.
The night the demon disguised as Roman had almost succeeded in killing her.
It took another moment but when she reached down she started to feel the Light stir. She focused on coaxing it out.
The glow started beneath her skin, spreading over her body. Its warmth steadied her.
Akeldama stopped walking toward Tristan. Her eyes narrowed when she noticed the crackling energy flowing from Sophie. A flash of fury turned her eyes red. Akeldama growled back at the tiger, the sound reverberating through the forest.
The wraith demons stilled in mid-air and gave small chirps of fear.
Akeldama’s chest heaved and she focused on the tiger. A smile spread across her lips, twisted with hate.
Demetri and his team paused in their movements and they watched Sophie glow like the Northern Star. It pulsed like a heartbeat through her, no longer purple but a white gold brilliance.
The wraith demons were equally intrigued, forgetting their fear of Akeldama. Sophie sensed their hunger multiply but ignored it. She focused on the Demoness.
Akeldama's form changed. Talons ripped through the tips of her fingers and toes, bursted through the heels on her feet. She crouched down, her head cocked to the side. When she leaped toward Tristan, Sophie's breath caught in her throat. Tristan didn't flinch when the Demoness landed just in front of him.
Sophie's heart kicked into high gear. So did the pulsing of the Light inside of her. Whispers filled her mind. Voices from the past, the future. She couldn't focus on any one voice. They collided together, forming twisted sentences. One phrase repeated itself no matter what voice said it.
Control them.
The wraith demons shrieked their excitement when Akeldama brought her arm back to swipe at Tristan.
Jackson waved a palm. His energy swam around him. Before he had a chance to unleash it, Akeldama let out a cry of pain. She folded in on herself and dropped to her knees.
Demetri held up a hand to the team and they stopped in their tracks. No one was sure what Akeldama's game plan was but they didn't want to underestimate her. Everyone tensed, waiting on the Demoness's next move.
“I didn't mean it as an oath.” Akeldama forced out between her clenched fangs. Sweat broke out on her brow. Every few seconds her body tensed up and then released, shaking violently.
Sophie remembered what Akeldama had taunted her with when she was locked in the jail cell. He wants you to die by the hand of the very people you are trying to save.
The voices began to whisper again. Showing her the attack on Morgan again, and then after-- the dark voice whispering to Akeldama, ordering her to let history repeat itself. That humans had to kill them. Even though there was something darkly seductive about the voice that called to Sophie, she felt a bitter relief. “She can't hurt us. The Guardians. When she spoke aloud that she was commanded to let us die by the very people we were trying to save, it became an oath to her master. If she tries to hurt us it causes her agonizing pain.”
Akeldama took a shuddering breath. She forced herself to stand, only wincing once from the pain clearly written on her face. Demetri and his team aimed their weapons at her. “That oath is only for me. Not for any other demons.” She narrowed her eyes at Sophie, flung her arms wide and screamed, “Attack!”, the word full of fury and pain.
The wraith demons reared back, screeching, and dove. One eyed Tristan with hunger.
Sophie felt Demetri's team and her friends move into action. She sensed the hunger from the demons with each heartbeat that thundered in her ears.
Control them.
Sophie finally understood. The thread of darkness connected her mind to the wraith demons. She could follow that thread and control them. With a small push she latched on to the weakest thread and mentally saw her Light bleed into the demon's mind.
Sophie forced the demon to slam into the one diving at Tristan. The demons pain raided her own body.
Underneath the pain the blistering burn of Akeldama's rage surged.
“You can't control them for long, child! You are a mewling baby compared to me.” Akeldama stalked up to Sophie.
Sophie forced herself to keep her hold on the demon's mind as Akeldama came nose to nose with her. An icy chill spread over her skin again.
I've got Rory free! Aidan signaled as he came to Morgan and Jackson.
Akeldama glared at Sophie before she turned, her eyes completely black. She focused her connection on three wraiths.
They headed for Morgan, Jackson, and Aidan.
Sophie's heart lurched in her chest. Could she control three? The Light pulsed strongly. She let it travel over two more threads, connecting her. She sent the wraiths after the ones attacking her friends.
Bullets and arrows aimed at the demons, chaos reigned. Demetri and his team took advantage of the interest in the Guardians.
Seline stood motionless, her eyes glazed over in shock. Allison jerked her back into the tree line and fired at the demons that swooped after them. The creatures dissolved into shadow when they hit the trees and swirled through the forest to solidify back in the air.
Sophie heard the hungry calls of the demons and the echo of gunfire. The power undulated inside her, pushing to be set completely free. Fear tingled across her skin. It would overcome her, destroy her, if she set it loose.
On top of that Akeldama's rage boiled out. Sophie didn't understand exactly what had changed to make Akeldama's cold emotions fire up, but it was frightening. It was as if she'd stolen something and the Demoness was desperate to get it back.
It was too hard to hold on to so many demons at once. Sophie drew back to the original three. She used them to deflect some of the other attacks away from the Guardians.
Thunder boomed in the distance, signaling a storm that rivaled the battle going on in the road. The sound shook Seline from her shock. She took off across the road in the direction Nolan was carried.
“Seline!” Allison yelled after her. “What is she thinking?!”
“That the demon has her husband.” Casey shook his head. “We can't go after her.”
Allison nodded once to signal that she understood.
It was only a matter of minutes before Sophie had to disengage herself from the Light or she would lose her soul to it. If she held on for much longer she would never be the same.
We have to get to the other side of the road. If Akeldama can't attack us, we need to take advantage. Tristan nudged Morgan toward the other side of the road.
Akeldama stepped back from Sophie and narrowed her eyes at Morgan who was almost to the tree line.
One of the demons dove at Morgan.
Morgan gasped. She shimmered, but not fast enough. The demon's talons clipped her shoulder and sent her crashing to her hands and knees.
“Morgan!” Aidan jumped over Tristan's tiger body and slid to a stop beside her. He pulled her up by her arm and shoved her into the trees as she shimmered fully into invisibility.
Demetri couldn't use telepathy like the Guardians but he caught on to their idea. “Ruth, Rory. Cover the Guardians. Allison, take Casey and lead them toward the water.”
“What are you going to do?” Ruth asked. She placed a hand on his arm.
“I'm going to distract Akeldama.”
“I don't like the look in your eye. You can't give up, not yet.” Ruth leaned closer.
“I'm not. But someone has to break her attention from controlling the demons.”
“Meet you at the boat?” Ruth caressed his arm once and then dropped her hand.
Demetri gave her a curt nod. He watched Allison and Casey use the cover fire to rush into the tree line. Akeldama was so fixated on Sophie that they were able to slip by unnoticed.
Sophie, keep Akeldama as focused on you as you can. Demetri is going to distract Akeldama from controlling the demons. Once he has her attention, run to me. Tristan shifted back to human form and waited on the edge of the forest. Every instinct told him to rescue Sophie, but he knew that Demetri's plan could work.
At Tristan's voice in her head, some of Sophie’s panic subsided. She bit back some of the fear quaking through her and walked straight up to Akeldama. The Demoness watched her steadily, the black a backdrop for her rage. She quivered with the need to unleash it.
All Sophie had to do was use that rage. She could distract Akeldama by playing on it. She was safe from the Demoness for now. At the edge of her senses she felt Demetri getting into position and Tristan and the others waiting for her to join them.
“Why are you so angry, Akeldama?” Sophie refused to flinch when the Demoness closed the few inches between them and bared her pointed teeth. “Is it because, after all this time, we're so close? And you can't touch us.”
Akeldama's eyes narrowed.
A small stab of triumph bloomed in Sophie's chest at the reaction. She remembered the feeling of stealing something from the demon. “I have something you want, is that it?” Taunting the Demoness was beginning to feel good, especially when it helped release some of the anger at losing Todd and Lilli. Knowing that she couldn't come to harm from Akeldama made it all the more sweet. “Something that you miss?”
Thunder rumbled and it took Sophie a second to realize that it came from Akeldama. She must be hitting a nerve.
The demons slipped in and out of solid form as they weaved through the trees and back out onto the road. Their desperation to reach the other Guardians burned in her chest but she stared at Akeldama.
“The only thing I miss is hearing your brother scream as I broke his bones. The pathetic way he cried out. I think I finished him off too soon.”
Grief twisted in her heart and Sophie gasped involuntarily.
Akeldama smiled slyly. “Lilli is such a precious girl. Even with my demons raping her mind and soul, she hasn't lost faith in her friends. She still believes you will save her. You, who in the past couldn't save your civilization, and in this life couldn't save your brother.”
“I will save her.” Sophie spoke through clenched teeth. Her concentration snapped and the three demons she'd been controlling wheeled into the woods as shadows.
On the edge of the trees, Demetri slinked around to come up behind Akeldama.
“So you say.” Akeldama sneered. In a breath she leaned even closer. When she blinked, the eyelashes tickled Sophie's cheek. “But here you are, running away. How are you saving her, exactly?”
Somehow the conversation had gotten twisted around. Akeldama was winning this verbal battle and becoming bored with just talking. Sophie had to think of something to fight her with or Demetri would have no chance.
Akeldama's face turned in Demetri's direction.
Sophie wanted to scream. She had to think of something.
The Light.
The whisper drew her in again. It told her to taunt the Demoness with something she'd never had.
“I do have something you want, don't I?” Sophie spit out. “The Light.”
Akeldama's head stilled just before she would've seen Demetri. Her eyes cut back to Sophie, her rage boiling dangerously close to the surface.
She wondered if Akeldama would risk severe physical pain to attack her now. Just forget about the oath she was bound to and end the war between them with a single, lethal blow.
Sophie let the Light glow a little. The vortex of it tried to suck at her soul, to meld with her permanently.
It caught Akeldama's attention and she bared her teeth and hissed.
“Mine.” The Demoness licked her lips. “I want it.”
The pure yearning that washed over Sophie surprised her. It was devoid of hatred, of anger. It took her a second to understand that it was Akeldama's own longing for the Light, which she'd never known. She'd been born after the Fall.
Akeldama reached out her hand, slowly, toward Sophie's face. There was no harm in her intent, Sophie could feel that, but she tensed and stood statue still.
Her friends' emotions went crazy while they watched from their side of the woods. They didn't understand how Akeldama wasn't being struck down by crippling pain.
Sophie was just as confused, but for different reasons. She hadn't been aware that the Demoness could have such soft emotions. That she could be so gentle.
Demetri suddenly rose from behind Akeldama's shoulder. His arm lifted and his machete glinted in the moonlight.



Chapter Twenty-Seven



Sophie stifled the urge to cry out a warning. The Demoness was gentle now but she had to remind herself of how much havoc and grief had been caused because of Akeldama.
The blow came quick and smooth. Blood spurted from her leathery neck and sprayed across Sophie's face.
Demetri's blade disappeared and Sophie felt Akeldama's rage rush back to the surface, slaughtering the yearning as it flowed like a tsunami.
The wraith demons reacted to her mood and started to swarm from the trees to solidify.
Sophie, now! Tristan yelled into her mind. It shattered her shock and pushed her into action. She started to run for the woods when Akeldama let out a shriek of fury that the wraith demons replicated. They dove toward Sophie and Demetri.
Demetri shoved her toward the tree line. She tried not to stumble as her feet hit the grass that led to the trees.
Demetri's team laid cover for them and the gunfire echoed.
The wraith demons closed in on them. Their hunger enveloped her. She couldn't concentrate enough to control even one of them. Running was her only concern now. That and getting out with her friends, alive.
That specific scenario seemed impossible with the wraith demons echoing Akeldama's rage and hunger. They extended their talons and bared fangs. Their wings folded back for the dive.
“Run faster, Sophie!” Demetri growled in her ear. He shoved her again.
She turned her head to look behind them. Her eyes widened.
A wraith demon solidified so close to them that hot, fetid breath stirred the hair around her face. She could see every detail in the leathery scales of its body as its mouth opened in a lethal yawn and she saw into the black of its throat.
Tristan's arms reached out and yanked her into the forest.
The jaws snapped closed and it shifted to shadow.
Sophie curled into Tristan. The shadow brushed them to move further into the forest. The touch of the demon's incorporeal essence slid over her like cold death.
“Move!” Demetri burst through the trees behind them. Shadows weaved at his back, trying to find a place to solidify.
Allison and Casey took point and started off into the woods. Morgan, Aidan, and Jackson went next, with Sophie and Tristan behind them. Ruth, Rory, and Demetri took the rear in case any demons had a chance to solidify and decided to attack.
Sophie sensed it the instant the demons knew they headed toward water. The rage became all encompassing. “They know.” She gasped out. “They know we're heading toward the water!”
The trees shook from Akeldama's fury. Emanated from the shadows. The very wind stilled in anticipation of the Demoness's anger. It wrapped around Sophie while they ran.
“There's a cliff ahead!” Demetri yelled up to Allison and Casey. “Head for it.”
Sophie's heart sped up when she heard him. “A cliff?”
“Just run!” Rory nudged her from behind. “It's our only chance.”
The forest seemed never ending. Each heartbeat in her chest felt like hours while she slapped branches back from her face and leaped over logs and holes. She felt Akeldama's presence moving away from them. Sophie didn't know whether to feel triumph or fear as lightning flashed across the sky.
The tree line stopped a few feet from the drop off.
“Here we go!” Casey didn't break his stride. He took a running jump off the cliff.
As they broke the tree line the demons immediately began to solidify.
Allison went next, with Aidan, Morgan, and Jackson right behind.
Sophie grabbed Tristan's hand and held on tight. Behind them she heard Demetri fire a few warning shots when the demons came too close.
She and Tristan reached the edge of the cliff. He jumped, never letting go of her hand, so she couldn't stop and think about the long drop to the water. They went off the rocky edge and her heart froze. For a second it was like they were suspended in mid-air. She took a deep breath, her heart beating again. Air whistled past her ears as they plummeted toward the water, hand-in-hand.
The air moved behind her. The demon reached its claws toward her and its anticipation deepened.
 She hit the water. The air burst from her lungs and needle pinpoints erupted over her skin. She sank down and the glacial water swallowed her.
A moment of panic intruded in her mind. She watched the water close over her head. A picture of Todd being tortured entered her mind. This is what he must have felt, she thought, when Akeldama was torturing him. Blind panic and fear.
Tristan tightened his grip and pulled her up. I've got you.
Her head broke the surface and she gasped in oxygen. The air expanded her burning lungs.
Three more splashes heralded the others landing in the water.
Tristan tugged on her hand and coaxed her to shore.
“Let's go!” Casey pulled both of them from the water. “We're close. The beach is just over those sand dunes.”
Tristan didn't let go of her hand as they were pushed to keep moving. Morgan, Aidan, and Jackson already crested the dunes.
Sophie’s wet clothes plastered to her chilled skin.
Voices rose to them as they joined the others at the top of the dunes. Sophie gasped when she saw the reinforcements guarding the beach. At least fifty men and women faced them holding enough weapons to hold off the wraith demons.
Behind the small army, floating on the water just past the shore, were rows of skiffs. Beyond those was the ship.
“Oh my God.” Morgan whispered. “Are we getting on that?”
The large ship had three masts that held sails that glowed in the flashes of lightning that streaked through the black clouds. Pictured on the enormous squares of white cloth were the same symbols that covered the door in the basement of the church. The entire thing looked big enough to hold thousands of people.
“Go!” Allison hoisted her med pack onto her shoulder. “Whatever you do, don't stop. Run to the skiffs and they will take you to the ship. Once you're on the water, you're safe.”
“What about you?” Sophie heard Demetri and his team start firing at the wraith demons swooping from the tree line.
“We'll be fine.” Allison answered. “Our objective is to get you si—.” She shot a glance at Jackson. “You five to safety.”
Jackson frowned. “We have to get Lilli back.”
“We will. I promise. But to do that you have to get to that boat.”
“Come on. If we stay here we'll die. We're no good to Lilli that way.” Morgan made Jackson look her in the eye. “We all want to save her.”
Sophie bit her lip. Akeldama's presence lingered in the back of her mind. The Demoness was somewhere close but not in a hurry to catch them. Something had changed. “Akeldama is close but she's not rushing after us.”
“It's like she knows something we don't.” Aidan warded off the cold by letting the fire glow underneath his skin.
“Go!” Demetri shouted as hundreds of wraith demons formed.
His voice kicked them into action.
They scrambled down the sand dune.
The army fired shots as the Guardians ran toward the water. Sophie heard the demons' wings flap in the air. Their hungry cries reverberated in her chest. She copied Tristan's movements while he weaved through the people. She watched the confident way he ran forward even as he checked to make sure she was still behind him.
Sophie's internal radar pinged relentlessly as demons solidified all around the Guardians. The soldiers fired as soon as one would appear only to miss when the target shifted back to shadow. She heard the shrieking calls of the demons mixed with the shouts of the army and blasts of gunfire. Her heart thundered in her chest. Jackson reached the water.
“Morgan!” Smoke billowed off of Aidan. He slid to a stop just at the water's edge.
Demon scales became visible just above Morgan. The talons formed so close to her that her curls brushed the sharp points.
Sophie knew Morgan wouldn't have enough time to disappear. The demon was too close. With that thought came another: Akeldama could still win. She could kidnap another girl and break the Guardian's will. Not to mention leave them with only four members, making it harder for them to beat her.
The rest of the demon became visible. Black scales inked into existence. Its jaws opened and it reached out with its talons.
Aidan jumped forward. Fire blazed up and down his arms.
The desperation and anger on his face shocked Sophie.
Before the demon could snatch Morgan up it cried out in pain. An arrow sliced through the tough skin of its neck, narrowly missing Morgan's temple. Hot blood peppered her face.
The demon fell to the sand and Aidan darted to Morgan. After a quick check to make sure she was okay, he scorched the demon. The black scales turned to ash and mixed in with the sand.
Morgan breathed heavily and turned to Aidan. She opened her mouth to thank him but he cut her off.
“Stay close to me and we'll get out of this.” He held out his hand.
Morgan placed her hand in his. Sophie felt their essences begin to combine together.
Aidan's fingers jerked from Morgan's and the essences ripped apart.
Morgan screamed in frustration. Another demon lifted Aidan away from her.
Sophie started forward. Her limbs felt like jelly but she moved anyway. Tristan kept up with her and they rushed to where Morgan stood.
Aidan struggled in the demon's grasp. The leathery wings lifted them higher.
Burn him, Aidan Jackson jumped from the skiff back to the beach. I'll make sure you don't hit the ground.
Morgan's face paled as Aidan rose higher. She kept her gaze pinned on him.
Heat emanated from Aidan. His hands turned bright red and flames spread down his arms.
The demon shrieked and slung Aidan back and forth rapidly. The fire on his arms died as his body shook.
Do it, Aidan. Morgan took a few steps forward. Do it or I'll make you wish that demon kills you.
Sophie heard enough venom in that one sentence to scare a rattlesnake.
You got it, Princess.
Sophie thought she saw Aidan wink down at Morgan but she couldn't be sure. She tried to ignore the battle going on around her. The soldiers were doing a good job of keeping the other wraith demons away from them. It gave them time to concentrate on this one. Aidan had to free himself.
Morgan's body tensed when flames climbed Aidan's arms again. You have to do better than that.
The demon growled at Aidan. It turned in the direction of the woods.
Jackson! Don't let it escape! Sophie cried into his mind.
He stood taller than the soldiers and with the backdrop of the rumbling clouds and seething ocean he looked more like the archangel Michael than ever before. His outstretched arms reached toward the demons. His eyes locked on the demon and he set his jaw.
The demon shrieked when it struck the invisible barrier Jackson had placed.
Now, Aidan. Morgan moved her feet restlessly.
Aidan shut his eyes.
Sophie felt his emotions calm. His aura flared glaringly bright a second before his body erupted into flames. The demon shrieked again. Its talons released the ball of fire.
Morgan gasped as the fire plummeted toward them.
The fire evaporated, leaving Aidan behind, and Jackson slowed his descent to let him land gently in the sand.
Aidan knelt, shivering, and flinched when Morgan touched him.
She frowned. “Don't back away from me.”
“I thought I was going to burn you.” His head lifted and met Morgan's glare. “I didn't want to hurt you.”
“It's coming back!” Tristan’s eyes shone yellow.
I've got this. Jackson amplified his power. Sand swarmed around him.
This time Sophie couldn't block the heartbreak steaming off of Jackson. It was what fed his power. It grew and grew until Jackson was surrounded by a tornado of sand. It swirled around him faster and faster.
The demon folded its wings back.
Jackson opened his mouth. The agony of loosing Lilli poured out.
Sophie closed her eyes and tried to block out his emotions but it was no use. It hit her like a tidal wave as Jackson finally let himself feel Lilli's loss.
The sand flew at the demon and intercepted its dive. The sand cut into its body.
They watched it roll through the air and crash into the ocean. A flash of light flared when scales reached blessed saltwater.
“Go.” One of the soldiers told them. “Reach the water.”
Aidan and Morgan reached the skiffs first. Water splashed around their ankles as the waiting army members hauled them in. Jackson ignored the hand outstretched to him and vaulted in over the left side.
“Run, Sophie!” Morgan screamed out. Her eyes widened with panic.
It was then that Sophie felt the hunger closing in on her. She made an attempt to join her mind with the demon's but was too tired to control the creature.
At Morgan's outburst, Tristan turned.
Sophie looked over her shoulder.
The wraith demon dove.
Tristan tackled her. They slid through the sand. Over his head she watched a few of the men aim at the demon. The shots sounded like firecrackers.
The demon wheeled through the air before it careened into the water. Immediately smoke and flames erupted over the surface of the ocean.
Tristan pulled her up and pushed her toward the skiffs. He kept a hand on the small of her back to propel her forward.
The icy cold water embraced them as they tread through the water. One of the men reached a hand down. She took it without thought and let him drag her into the small boat.
Morgan, Aidan, and Jackson sat at the back. She made her way to the back in five steps and couldn't stop herself from slumping down on the bench in front of them. The cold and exhaustion settled in as Tristan sat beside her.
He pulled her against his chest. She heard the rapid beat of his heart. Focused on that as the skiff captain commanded the soldiers to start rowing.
After a moment she turned to see the rest of the soldiers running to the skiffs. She searched and then found Demetri and his team already in one not far behind them. In another she saw Allison and Seline bent over a body. By the relief coming off of Seline, Sophie assumed it was Nolan.
The storm continued to rumble in thunderous tones. The wraith demons stopped just short of the shoreline. They cried out in dismay and watched the skiffs row to the ship.
Sophie tensed when she saw the lone woman standing underneath the raging demons. Akeldama was back in her blond-girl disguise, her hair whipped around by the wind. Even though the distance was great, Sophie could feel Akeldama's stare. Her emotions intruded on Sophie's mind.
Akeldama was calm and triumphant even as the Guardians slipped through her grasp again. Feeling that made Sophie uneasy. The Demoness had no rage, which meant she knew something Sophie didn't. That she had the upper hand.
Tristan ran a hand up her arm and broke the connection. Sophie turned her attention back to her friends. Morgan's hair was a wet, curly mess that was plastered to her face and the dark circles under her eyes just proved her fatigue from the night. Demon blood was dry on her face. Aidan had an arm around her shoulders, which proved how tired Morgan was, and his own eyes were glassy from shock. His clothes hung in burnt tatters from his body.
Jackson peered off into the dark, not really seeing the skiffs rowing with them. Sophie could tell he was a million miles away mentally and that what Akeldama had said about Lilli had gotten under his skin.
It had gotten under her skin as well. Thinking about Lilli being tortured in any way caused Sophie's stomach to clench. Lilli was the epitome of gentleness.
She leaned over and grabbed Jackson's hand. She squeezed it. I promise, Jackson, we'll do whatever it takes to get her back.
He turned his head toward her and nodded. I know.

About the Author:

I'm a multitasking mom of four. When not writing/doing laundry/changing diapers, I like to catch up on episodes of Supernatural and Castle. If you can't find me in front of the computer, I'm most likely watching my DVR.‌
I've been writing since the first grade, where I wrote a one page story titled "If I was an Indian". My warrior husband was going to be the best hunter, I was going to live in the best teepee and apparently, I was having an affair with the Chief. Racy, I know.
Of the things I'm addicted to sweet tea, movies, and books top the list. My favorite authors include Nora Roberts, Lauren Kate, Kresley Cole, and Gena Showalter. Few of many I love.
Thanks so much for reading!
Sam :)
My facebook
My website
My Pinterest
























Other Works:

Sacred (Book 2 in the Guardian Series)

