
Burned
Keeper of the Flame Book 1
Ivy Simone


Copyright © 2014 by Ivy Simone

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Please visit www.ivysimonebooks.blogspot.com
for information on new releases.




Chapter 1

I take a calming breath and unfold the note to read it one more time before getting out of the car.
IF YOU WANT ANSWERS, COME TO SHADOW HILL.
Of course I want answers. I want to know why I’d dreamed of my father’s death two weeks before it happened. Or maybe why things catch on fire whenever I’m upset.
I drop the note in my purse and open the door. The house sits in the shadows. There aren’t any lights on inside, and even in the low glow of the moon, I can see it looks neglected. Abandoned.
Grabbing a flashlight from the glove compartment, I clench my fingers tight around the metal. I walk up the steps to the porch, and then bang on the front door though I doubt anyone is going to answer. 
Why the hell would my mom tell me to come here when she isn’t even home?
Frowning, I scrub the film on the window with the sleeve of my shirt. Probably because she’s as unpredictable as my father always said she was. Actually, the word he used was unstable. Because she always claimed to see ghosts and said she could make things happen with her mind.
At least that’s what my dad said. I shine the flashlight in the window, narrowing my eyes. Funny how readily I believed what he told me‒including the unstable part‒until I started experiencing the same thing.
“She’s not there.”
I whip around, my heart slamming against my ribs. There’s a man at the bottom of the stairs, his dark eyes glinting in the moonlight. His T-shirt stretches tight across his chest and his toned arms are relaxed as he puts his hands in his pockets. I think I see the hint of a tattoo on his bicep.
“I didn’t hear you,” I breathe. I squeeze the flashlight tight in my hand, keeping my distance. “Where did you come from?”
He nods to the house next door. Through the thick, overgrown hedge, I see lights shining in the windows.
“I’m Faye’s neighbor, Ryan.” 
He moves up a few steps and sticks out his hand. My boots click on the wooden flooring of the porch when I walk to take it. His grip is firm and warm, and his cheeks dimple with a welcoming smile.
“Is there something I can help you with?” he asks. 
I relax my grip on the flashlight. “I’m Willow. Faye’s daughter.”
He pulls his hand back, scrubbing it on his stubbly jaw as his eyes glint with something dark and dangerous. “Like I said, she’s not here. And she probably won’t be back for a while.”
“How long is a while?” I ask, putting steel into my voice. I hold the flashlight like a weapon.
His jaw clenches and he props his hands on his hips. “Probably longer than you want to wait. You should go home.”
I frown when he starts to turn. “That’s a generic answer. Besides, she told me to come here. Why would she do that if she wasn’t going to be here?”
He pauses, glancing back. “Wait. She asked you to come?”
“Yes. So if you know when she’ll be back, I’d appreciate if you’d tell me.”
He can’t be more than a few years older than me, maybe twenty-five, but his eyes hold years worth of experience. He hikes the rest of the steps so he’s standing directly in front of me. “Are you sure she told you to come?”
“How is that any of your business?”
Ryan eyes my death grip on the flashlight, and he lifts a brow. “Are you planning on hitting me with that?”
“Do I need to?”
His lips twitch. “Listen, I’m going to sound like a dick when I say this, but trust me, you don’t want to wait here for your mom. It’s better if you leave. Go home.”
“You’re right,” I say.
His shoulders relax and he actually looks surprised. “Good.” He steps aside and says, “Have a safe trip.”
“I meant you’re right about sounding like a dick. Mission accomplished.” I turn to the house again. “Now, if you’ll excuse me‒”
When I glance back he’s gone. Vanished into thin air. I scan the bushes, shine my flashlight to the side of the house, but there’s no one there.
“Good,” I whisper to myself, though I have no idea how he disappeared that fast. And that quietly.
Peering through the window with my flashlight, I grit my teeth. Shadow Hill needs a better welcoming committee. All I see is the dark outline of furniture inside. On a whim, I check the door and then pause when I find it’s unlocked.
I freeze on the precipice. I’ve never been in my mom’s house before. She left me and my dad when I was eight, fourteen years ago, and I never heard from her once. The only reason I looked her up was because I thought she might want to know about my father’s death. But I hadn’t ended up calling her or visiting her. I hadn’t planned on contacting her at all until I got the letter from a Shadow Hill address with the confusing message.
I shine the flashlight inside. It smells dusty and sealed up. I sneeze and then step into the living room. A dark hallway leads farther into the house, but I stay where I am, scanning the old furniture and knick-knacks on the mantel. 
There’s an open book next to a plush chair and I walk over to shine my flashlight on it. A pentagram is branded onto the leather cover and the pages are filled with sketches and what look like spells and hexes.
Biting my lip, I lift the book. If my mom’s not here, I might as well try to find answers without her. Especially because Shadow Hill is rich in history, full of myths about paranormal and supernatural activity. 
Something creaks farther down the hall. Almost like footsteps, but too quiet for them to be coming quickly. I shine my flashlight in that direction. I squint my eyes and peer closer. The light reflects off a pair of yellow eyes. I yank in a breath.
A wolf walks slowly down the hallway, like a predator stalking its prey. I back to the door, the book under my arm and my flashlight in the other hand. 
The wolf growls, hair rising on its back. My heart hammers in my chest as I twist the doorknob. Slowly, slowly, I pull it open.
And then I dash through, slamming the door behind me. I drop the flashlight but keep running, my boots hitting the wooden flooring on the porch with loud thuds. When I reach my car, I toss the door open and dive inside.
Once the door is shut behind me, I lock it and stare through the windshield. The porch is empty. The front door is still closed and the night is quiet. Peaceful. The old book sits in my lap, pages open to the middle.
My heart still hammering in my chest, I make out the thick lettering at the top of the page. Werewolf.
“Holy shit,” I whisper.
It’s too dark to read the rest of the page. My hand is shaking when I close the book and set it in the passenger seat. It’s just a coincidence. But even so, I’m ready to get out of here.
I need a drink.
~ ~ ~
Shadow Hill is bigger than I thought. It’s a recreational town along the river with skiing and hiking close by, but also caters to people like me who have no interest in either. Which means it’s fairly easy to find a bar.
It’s a Thursday night, so I’m not surprised when I walk in and see only a handful of people, most of them couples with snacks or meals to go along with their drinks. 
I sit at the bar, sliding my bag onto the seat next to me and watching the bartender finish pouring someone a drink before he walks to me.
“Can I get whatever’s on tap?”
“ID please,” he says.
I flash my driver’s license, frowning at the picture when he grabs a glass. It’d been taken two weeks after my father’s death and I’d still been in a daze about the whole thing. The dream I’d had, his actual death, and the fact he’d been secretly storing money in an account for me for years and years. 
The first thing I’d done was drop out of college. The next was try to figure out how he’d died. It had also gotten me interested in everything supernatural and paranormal and landed me a freelance job with a magazine that published articles on the same topic. 
The bartender slides me my beer. A man sits a few stools from me, glances at my beer and says, “I’ll have one of those.”
He gives me a smile, the kind that only quirks up one corner of his mouth. The kind that says he needs a drink as badly as I do. 
I take a long swallow, and then close my eyes, rubbing my hands over my face. The pentagram, the one I’d seen on the front of the book, is burned into my mind. It’s the same one that had been scrawled on my father’s living room floor when he’d been found dead. 
“You look like you’ve had a long day,” the man says.
When I look over, he’s angled in my direction, eyes dark as slate. Calculating.
“More like a bad year,” I mumble. 
He moves to the seat next to me and I straighten. He’s broad in the shoulders, which are covered with a dark jacket. His hair is as dark as his eyes, raven black and askew in the front like he’s run his hands through it more than once. 
When he smiles again, desire shoots straight to my stomach. Not a good idea, I tell myself. I’m here for answers.
“I’ve had a couple of those,” he tells me. “Bad years.”
“You live around here?” If he’s local, maybe I can get information from him. 
“As of last month. You?”
“No. Just here for research.” 
“What kind of research?”
I shrug. “The kind most people don’t believe in.”
That usually makes most guys even more curious. Once I’d discovered my mom wasn’t really crazy and she must have had some kind of supernatural power, I’d started researching everything I could get my hands on. There’s a lot of information about witches out there, but most of it is surprisingly inaccurate. So I researched and traveled and wrote articles and made an income beyond the money my father gave me. All to try to discover more about what I can do and what had happened to my father.
I see the door open out of the corner of my eye. Ryan walks in, gaze connecting with mine before he sits at a table in the corner.
It could be a coincidence, but I doubt it. First he tells me to leave and now he’s following me. 
The man next to me holds out his hand. “I’m Logan Meyers.”
“Willow Donnelly.”
I reach out and his fingers close over mine, sending a shock of electricity through me. My breath catches in my throat and my vision goes hazy.
“Willow?” Logan asks, still holding my hand.
I open my mouth, but nothing comes out. I see a flash of the wolf in my mother’s house, the book with the pentagram flipping pages frantically, and then another face. One stuck in the shadows…far enough back I can only see the glimpse of something white.
Fangs.



Chapter 2

“Willow,” says a low voice. It’s so calm, it’s almost hypnotic.
My eyelids flutter and I open them to find myself slumped against Logan, his arm wrapped snugly around my waist. 
“Maybe you should eat something next time you have a drink,” he says with amusement in his voice.
“It wasn’t the drink,” I mumble.
I try to stand, but my legs wobble. Logan squeezes my waist before angling me against the stool. “You okay?”
I nod. 
“You sure?”
I swallow, my gaze traveling to Ryan. He’s watching us with a frown. Logan follows my stare and his shoulders tense.
“You know Ryan?” I ask.
His jaw clenches. “I tried to buy one of the houses he flipped. He wouldn’t sell.”
“Maybe he wasn’t ready to let it go.”
Logan looks at me again, humor lighting his eyes. “He wouldn’t sell to me.”
“Why not?”
He brushes his thumb on my arm, sending tingles to the tips of my fingers. “Our families don’t get along.”
I ease back on the stool. “I think I’m fine now.”
“Tell me about your research.”
I swivel on my stool and stall by taking another sip of my beer. I kind of dig Logan for being cool about my swooning episode, so I don’t really want to tell him about my research. He’ll probably return to the stool farther away from me. But Logan’s dark eyes are locked on mine again, pulling an answer from my lips.
“Supernatural activity, the occult, paranormal happenings.” I flash him a smile. “Things that go bump in the night.”
“Sounds like you’ve come to the right place, then.”
Intrigued, I swivel to face him again. “Why’s that?”
“Shadow Hill is full of things that go bump in the night. Or so I hear.”
“Where did you hear that?”
He leans in, pitching his voice low, and licks his lips. I try to keep my gaze even with his, but it’s hard when his mouth is so close. I can feel his breath on my arm when he whispers, “Everywhere.”
“What?”
“It’s everywhere around here. You can see it, feel it. There are ghost tours in the gold mines off the highway, a haunted house over on sixth, animals that only come out when the moon is full. And my favorite?” He smiles, traces his finger from my shoulder to my neck, and lingers. “The ones that suck your blood.”
Fangs. That’s what I’d seen in my vision. My vision when Logan touched me. 
“You’re pretty good at that,” I say.
“At what?”
“Storytelling.” I wiggle my shoulder so his hand drops. I drink the rest of my beer and stand. “But I haven’t believed in stories like that since I was a kid.”
Not entirely true, but I rarely believe what I don’t see in person. And I’ve never seen a werewolf or a vampire or a ghost‒if you can even see them. The stories of Shadow Hill could very well be a myth like most other places I visit.
Logan watches as I sling my purse over my shoulder and slide a tip onto the shiny bar. He stands before I can take a step and grins down at me.
“You planning on staying for a while?” he asks. “Prove me wrong about the stories?”
I feel eyes on me from across the room, but I can’t look away from Logan. His gaze is dangerous and calm at the same time. Dark and deep, but welcoming. 
“I’m planning on staying,” I say. “For a bit.”
He steps back, releasing me from his stare. “Good. Maybe I can take you on one of those tours I mentioned.”
I don’t meet his gaze this time, just smile and slide by so I’m not caught up again. Ryan’s still at his table in the corner, nursing a beer and looking pissed off. He shakes his head when I walk by. I ignore him and step outside. 
Maybe there’s something here after all. And if Shadow Hill has any secrets, I’ll find out.
~ ~ ~
It’s six a.m. when I hear the sound of fluttering. I sit up with a jerk. The sun peeks through the edges of the curtains, but it’s hard to see anything more than the outline of the furniture.
I scoot to the edge of the bed, trying to even my breathing. My bare feet touch the short motel carpeting. The fluttering sounds once more. I gasp and stand. What the hell is that?
The noise comes again from the tiny desk on the opposite wall of the bed. I yank the curtains open and whip around just in time to see the pages of my mother’s book shuffling. They flutter one way and then the other like a deck of cards.
When I step closer, they stop. The top of the page is labeled Curses. 
I purse my lips. Most of the witches I’ve met, the true ones that actually draw their power from the elements, aren’t into curses. A witch from Georgia let me see her Book of Shadows once and there wasn’t a lot about curses in there. Mostly just spells that used herbs and elements, stuff from the earth. 
My mother’s book looks a lot like a Book of Shadows. But there’s information in here I’ve never seen before.
I flip a few pages and see a spell for healing and another for getting a better night of sleep. I mentally mark that page for the future. Another few pages and my hand freezes. There’s a crude drawing at the bottom of the page and next to it, it says, Creatures of the Night.
I shove my hair behind my ears. Creatures of the night. Does that mean vampires?
Who believes in vampires anymore? My mother, I guess. But in all my research I’ve never come across any indication that there are real vampires out there. Of course, it didn’t stop me from packing up a wooden stake when I traveled. Just in case.
I’m nothing if not prepared.
I want to read the book from front to back, but I have no idea how long I’m going to be here, so I decide on a shower and then a trip to downtown Shadow Hill to find answers.
My hair is still wet and curled to the middle of my back when I discover downtown is only a block over. I walk instead of driving, taking in the sunshine and thinking it would be really handy right now to have my own Book of Shadows.
Or a mother who could talk to me about hers. If she would ever stick around long enough to talk to me.
After getting over my frustration with Ryan, I figured he was probably right. My mother didn’t send the note. I’d known it back in the corner of my mind all along. It was too cryptic and it made no sense for her to lure me here when she could flat out ask me.
So if someone else sent the note, why? Why do they want me here?
I’m charmed by the stone entryway to a small building with stained glass windows. It’s like it’s from a different era. I don’t see a sign right away until I step closer to the door, which is propped open with a wagon full of paperbacks. 
It’s a library. Exactly where I want to be.
Inside, books line shelves all the way to the ceiling. They stretch across counters and lay on round tables by chairs. I fall in love a little before I notice the librarian watching me.
“Morning,” she says, drawing her glasses off her nose. Her long blonde hair waves away from her face, highlighted like she’s spent a lot of time in the sun. “Something I can help you with?”
I trace a finger along a shelf, thinking. “Local folklore. Legends, myths, anything supernatural.”
She lifts her eyebrows.
“I’m researching,” I tell her. “I freelance for a magazine‒anything paranormal, out of the ordinary. I hear there’s a lot of unusual history in Shadow Hill.”
She smiles and waves her hand vaguely. “Like most towns.”
I feel like she’s trying to blow me off. She looks at her cell phone like I interrupted something. 
“Can you point me in the right direction?” I ask. Or do I need to find it myself?
She smiles again, warmer this time, and points. “Local history is around the corner in the back room.”
I barely take the time to thank her. She’s probably already on her phone again, texting some local about how the out-of-towner thinks there’s real supernatural history here.
I know there is. At least where my mom is concerned. But I have no idea what the rest of the town knows about her.
The room is filled to the brim with books just like the rest of the library. I glance to my right and see stairs. There’s a sign that says Children and Young Adult Downstairs.
Not bad for a small town library.
The first shelf gets me nowhere. But I find some legend on the local mines and remember Logan telling me about the ghost tours. Could be something. I move on, roll my eyes when I see something about a Loch Ness monster, and pause when I find a book on the Shadow Hill Hotel. The back cover tells the history, when it was founded, and the tragic death of two of the owners. 
It also says it’s haunted.
Looks like the motel I picked was the wrong place to stay the night.
I tuck the book under my arm, but freeze when I hear voices in the front of the library. One is the librarian and the other is low and male.
I’m about to sneak closer to eavesdrop when Ryan appears in the doorway. He props his shoulder on the jamb. “Still here, huh?”
“Still a dick, huh?”
He smiles. The stubble is thicker today, tracing his jaw and his upper lip. In the light, I can see his eyes are gray like the sky before a storm and his hair isn’t nearly as dark as I thought. 
He walks closer to me. When I hold my ground, he props his hand on the shelf next to my head and looks at the books in my arms.
“The Shadow Hill Hotel,” he reads, voice so deep it vibrates in my chest. “Ghosts of the Shadow Hill Mines.” He lifts his head, gaze connecting with mine. “Going gold mining?”
I point my finger at his chest. “You know what I’m doing here.”
He captures my hand in his. “Sure. Mother hunting, passing out in the bar and taking in the local history.” 
I try to wiggle my hand from his grasp, but he tightens his grip. “Let go.”
“I told you to go home.”
“Last time I checked, this was a free country.”
A flicker of anger lights his eyes. “You have no idea what you’re getting yourself into.”
“Looks like a threat to me,” I say, keeping my voice even.
His gaze drops to my lips and lingers before he leans in close. So close his breath tickles my ear. “Shadow Hill doesn’t have the answers you’re looking for. If you say you’ll leave, I won’t bother you anymore.”
“And if I don’t?”
“Life is going to start getting very difficult.”
I grit my teeth. “Let go of me.”
He eases back, but his gaze stays locked with mine. “Say you’ll leave.”
“Go to hell.”
“I’m not going to ask again,” Ryan says.
The fire builds inside of me, shooting straight to my fingertips. In an instant, the books wedged between us go up in flames. I gasp and drop them on the ground. The fire grows and Ryan stamps on the books with his boots.
I shove around him and run for the door. 
“Hey!” the librarian shouts after me.
I don’t stop, don’t slow down. I race through the open door and glance back as I hit the last stair.
Two more steps and I slam into someone’s chest.



Chapter 3

The momentum is enough to make me stumble and I hit the cement hard with my palms, scraping them against the rough surface.
“Willow?”
A hand closes around my elbow, pulling me up. I swivel and look straight into midnight blue eyes. 
“Logan,” I murmur.
“Where’s the fire?” he asks, amusement in his voice. 
I point to the library entrance. “In there. I should really go.”
He looks torn between stopping me from making an escape since I just admitted to a fire, and coming with me.
“Wait.” He follows me around the corner before he catches my arm again. “Are you running away?”
“Not from you,” I say, peering around the corner. I wince when I place my hand on the brick wall of the building.
“You hurt yourself.” Logan grabs my hands. His eyes are glued to the palms, where small beads of blood stain the surface. I see him swallow. “It’s bleeding.”
His pulse throbs at his neck, and he squeezes my hands and then yanks his eyes away. “We should get this taken care of.”
“It’s a scratch.”
He grins. “I’ll help you escape.”
I hear voices around the corner and escape sounds like a great idea. “Okay.”
Logan curls his arm around my shoulder, and I can feel the strength in his muscles. He guides me across the alleyway and two doors down to an independent building. There’s a medical cross on the front above the door.
He ushers me inside and nods at a man at a desk. “Hey, James.”
James nods back. “What have we got here?”
Logan’s eyes flicker to mine with amusement. “A felon.”
I glare at him although technically it’s true. I did just run away from the scene of a crime. But then, no one can prove I caused the fire. And it was just a few flames. I imagine Ryan and the rude librarian have it under control by now.
My only regret is that I didn’t get to check out my books. 
“Can we use your first aid kit?” Logan asks.
“Sure. In the back,” James says.
I follow Logan to the back of the large room, where there’s a cot next to a few chairs. “Where are we?” I ask.
“Search and rescue coordination station.”
“That’s a mouthful.”
“Sit,” he says. When I go for one of the chairs, he snags my arm and swings me to the cot. “Here.”
“Really? I just need a sink to wash my hands.”
He nudges me onto the cot. “It could get infected.”
“That’s reaching a little, don’t you think?”
His smile is dangerous. “You never know.”
I set my hands in my lap and watch the way the muscles on his back move through his black Henley when he reaches for a first aid kit. I could handle getting rescued like this more often.
He sits in a chair and scoots it close enough our knees are touching. He places his hand on my knee as he adjusts in his seat, and the warmth sends tingles all the way up my leg. 
“Do you work here?” I ask, distracting myself from his touch.
“No. I’m actually thinking of opening a business. During the summers, I give tours and hikes and any kind of recreational thing you can think of. For the tourists, basically.” He smiles. “They like to climb those big mountains back there to say they hiked up to fourteen thousand feet, and I take them on the interesting trails. Anyway, if hikers go missing or skiers get buried in an avalanche or something else, they send out rescue missions from here and sometimes I help.”
“Seems like you’re a good guy to have in an emergency.”
He holds up antiseptic. “This is going to sting.”
He sprays it on both palms and I grit my teeth. Then I catch my breath when he leans in, sliding his hand against my cheek and into my hair. “Just give it a minute and the pain will go away.”
With his gaze so strong and even on mine, I can hardly feel anything. Except for calm.
His hand tightens on my hair, sending a shock of desire straight to my stomach. “I’m having a hard time not kissing you right now,” he says, breath warm against my lips.
“I’m having a hard time convincing myself you shouldn’t.”
He sets his hand on my thigh again. I exhale when he slides it a little farther, glancing toward the front of the building where James is occupied with a phone call.
“Did you convince yourself yet?” he asks, eyes dropping to my lips.
“Sorry.” I clear my throat because it doesn’t sound convincing if I can’t even get the words out. “Not this time.”
Logan drops his chin for a moment, then pulls back. “Probably a good idea. I think you only need one bandage.” He touches his fingertip to the deepest scrape. “Right here.”
I let him put the bandage on in silence. When he finally does speak, he says, “Shit. I’m sorry.”
“Why?”
“You’re here researching and I’m…” He gives a wicked grin. “Trying to distract you.”
“What’s life without a little fun?” I ask, standing. 
But I was distracted. And pretty tempted to take a detour wherever Logan wanted me to go. That isn’t going to help me figure out where my mom is or why I’m supposed to be here. And it definitely isn’t safe for him considering my history with getting intimate. 
He invades my space, sliding his hands from my shoulders all the way down my arms to grasp my hands. “I think we should go out.”
“Go out where?”
“On a date. Wherever you want.”
“The Shadow Hill Hotel.”
I have the satisfaction of seeing his eyebrows lift before his face relaxes into a grin. “I’m not going to say no to that.”
“For research,” I tell him, stepping back.
“Always a catch.” He gathers the items to return them to the first aid kit. “I can handle that, though.”
“I need to get a feel for the place. I might be able to use it in an article.”
“Wouldn’t hurt to look around. Tonight? I could pick you up at six so we have some daylight before dinner in their restaurant.”
“Dinner?”
“I want a date, you want research. I think it’s a good compromise. The wine will help you relax.” He grins. “And make you more open to the spirits.”
“So you’re saying the hotel is haunted?”
“Why don’t you tell me what you think when we get there?”
I shrug. “It’s a date. I’m at the motel over on Blake. You know it?”
“Yep. What room?”
“217.”
He follows me to the door. 
“You don’t have to walk me out.”
“You’re not running anymore?”
I peer outside, scanning the street for Ryan. I don’t see him or the librarian. “All clear.”
He props his hand on the wall beside me. “You going to tell me what that was all about?”
I flash a smile. “Maybe after the wine helps me relax.”
“I’ll hold you to that.”
I leave and realize I’m holding my breath. Hold me to it. He can say that, but it doesn’t mean I’m going to comply. The last time I let the flames come out, a guy I was dating was trying to take our relationship a little too far. He’d gone to the hospital with severe burns on his arms.
Getting intimate with someone is a bad idea. I don’t know if something might happen again. I blow out a breath. But this is research. And as long as Logan keeps his distance, I’ll get wine and some information. Not a bad combo in my book.
~ ~ ~
Back in my motel room, I shove my hands in my hair and do a slow turn. Something’s wrong. It’s not the door, which was locked just as I left it. It’s not the curtains, which are still open from when I’d whipped them to the side once the Book of Shadows started going through pages on its own.
My gaze travels to the desk where I’d left the book. There’s nothing there.
I walk over, touch the spot I left as if that’s magically going to give me answers. Then I duck down to look under the desk. Finally, I do a quick sweep of the room just in case. But I’m not worried the book somehow moved itself to another location. I’m worried someone moved it.
Or stole it.
Grabbing my room key, I jog outside, down the stairs and to the front office. There’s a middle-aged man inside reading a familiar UFO magazine. I wrote an article for them once. 
“Excuse me,” I say.
He looks up. “Can I help you, miss?”
“Was there someone in my room today?”
“The maid probably. Oh, and there’s a crew on site preparing to renovate some rooms in our main building. But they shouldn’t have been in your room.”
Bullshit. Someone was in there. But I can’t accuse someone if I don’t have proof. I change tactics. “I was thinking about doing some renovations myself. I might have to take a look at their work and talk to whoever’s in charge. Do you know who that would be?”
“Ahh…” He flips through some papers on his desk, then swivels to a file cabinet behind him. There are more papers on top and he checks them before turning back to me. “Ryan McCord.”
Ryan. I grit my teeth. I’m not surprised. 
I force a smile. “Thanks.”
I walk back to my room, mind racing with scenarios to confront him. Most of which involve setting something on fire. Preferably him. 
If I knew more about my witch history, or had a Book of Shadows, I’d do a spell. But a good old-fashioned break-in might have to suffice. 



Chapter 4

Logan already thinks I’m a felon, so I’m almost tempted to tell him how I think Ryan stole my book and involve him in my crazy scheme to break into Ryan’s house. But logic gets the best of me, and I decide against it.
Even worse than being a felon is getting caught, and I don’t know Logan well enough yet to believe he’d keep my secret, let alone be my accomplice.
He picks me up on time, dressed to match my sleeveless black dress. I don’t know why I brought it, but a girl never knows when she’s going to need something fancy. Ghost hunting sometimes requires a specific kind of attire.
The heels put me closer to Logan’s height, enough that I’m staring at his eyes instead of his lips when I step out the door.
He smells like the woods, something dark and inviting. Mysterious. It’s hard not to lean in for more.
Logan scoops his arm around my waist, turning his mouth so it brushes my hair. “I’m rethinking dinner.”
“Can’t. I’m on assignment.”
“Really?”
I nod.
He narrows his gaze. “Really? You’re actually writing an article? That wasn’t just a story?”
I laugh, nudging him away from me. “No. I told you I’m a freelance writer. If I find an angle here, I might have a story. A story means getting paid. And if I plan on staying in Shadow Hill for a while, I need money.”
“So you’re planning on staying?”
My heels click on the stairs as we descend to the parking lot. I consider my answer. More than a story, I need to find my mom. I shouldn’t be researching before I find out more about her, but I’m not sure where to look. And talking to Ryan doesn’t seem to be helping. 
“I’m planning on staying long enough to get a story,” I amend. “I don’t know how long that will take.”
He opens his car door for me and the smell of his cologne follows me inside. I breathe slowly while he walks around to the other side and gets in again, flashing me a smile. My stomach tightens when he reaches for the stick shift and his hand grazes my leg. 
The fire stays buried inside.
I can’t say it’s going to stay there, which is why spending time with Logan, especially when his dark eyes collide with mine, is a bad thing. I’m getting pretty good at convincing myself bad is sometimes good, though.
Logan starts the car and backs out. “You look amazing, by the way.”
“Thanks.”
He checks the street before pulling out. “Do you always bring something like that when you research?”
I glance down at the tight black dress and quirk one corner of my lips. “I find I get more answers this way.”
“I’ll tell you anything you want,” he says, voice low. “Right now.”
I smile. “I want to know about…wolves.”
His hand tightens so hard on the stick shift I see his knuckles turn white. He’s lost the cocky smile and now a muscle works in his jaw.
“I guess I need a better dress,” I say, intrigued. Logan knows something.
“No.” He clears his throat with a sly glance at me. “I just didn’t know how…acquainted you were with local folklore.”
“You mean wolves in Shadow Hill are a legend? Because I’m pretty sure I saw one my first night here.”
He shifts smoothly and points to our right. “There’s a nice hike that way if you want to get out and enjoy the beginning of the summer. The path is pretty dry.”
There are trees with bright green leaves guarding a path I can only partially make out. Aspens and pines rise up the hill. It’s backed by a mountain that’s still capped with snow.
“Not a terrible distraction technique,” I tell him. “But I still want to know. Are there wolves around here? Is that really what I saw?”
“Is that what you think you saw?”
I angle in the seat to face him. His profile is serious. “I saw sharp teeth. I didn’t study the markings or anything. I was mostly trying to stay alive.”
He smiles. “Probably a good call on your part.”
“Still not answering my question.”
“There have been a few wolf sightings in Shadow Hill. That might be what you saw.”
I leave out the fact the wolf was in the house and I have no idea how it got in.
Logan points again. “There. Shadow Hill Hotel.”
It looks like a mansion from a tragic love story. Or maybe a ghost story. What I can see of it is old, stately, almost dark. It’s surrounded by trees and backs up to the mountain.
“There’s a burial ground not too far from the main building. The Hill family buried their own there, but there are some unmarked graves no one knows where they came from.”
Logan downshifts, turns us onto the road to the hotel and smiles at me before his eyes do a slow scan of my bare legs. “Did I mention how much I like that dress?”
I laugh. “Once or twice.”
He parks in a lot on the side of the hotel and comes to my side to open the door. He takes my hand to help me out, and I wonder what kind of family he has. How someone in their early twenties has developed so much charm and such good manners.
Until he closes the door. 
Then he reaches on either side of me to prop his hands on the roof, boxing me in. His thighs brush mine. 
“Willow,” he whispers. “Can I kiss you?”
I swallow, heat igniting in my stomach. I was prepared to avoid advances, but it’s different when he flat out asks me. And waits for my answer to make sure it’s okay.
“That might not be in your best interest,” I whisper.
He traces one hand down my side and stops at my thigh. “Are you married?”
I laugh. “No.”
“Engaged?”
“No.”
“Just getting out of a relationship?”
I sigh. “No, but it’s complicated.”
“Meaning you’re not attracted to me.”
My throat dries. “I’m insanely attracted to you.”
His hand curls around the back of my neck, drawing me in. His mouth collides with mine, sparking heat and desire. My hands fist in his jacket when his tongue brushes my lower lip. My breath rushes out in a half-moan. 
“This isn’t good,” I say against his mouth. The flames start to flicker inside, but I can’t seem to stop.
His other hand traces my spine, all the way down before he squeezes my hip. “This isn’t good?” he asks with a laugh, lips brushing mine.
“No, I mean‒this. This,” I say, pointing between him and I. I ease back, making the fire subside.
His dark eyes find mine. “Your heart is racing.”
It is. Thumping against my ribs like it’s trapped. I press my hand against his chest. “I’m not the only one.”
He closes his hand over mine, holding it there. “It was just a kiss. No harm done.”
Tell that to my heart. I try to break his gaze, but I can’t. 
“There’s time, right?” he asks. His voice lowers. “Because you’re staying for a while, like you said.”
I swallow, moistening my throat, speaking as though the words aren’t my own. “I’m staying for a while.”
He flashes a smile and backs up. “Great. Then let’s go in.”
He takes my hand, being gentle with the scratches, and walks us to the building. Enormous stone columns decorate the front. I can see people milling inside through the huge windows. A few couples sit on the porch out front, holding cocktails and talking.
We enter the wide double doors to the sound of piano music. Someone is playing in the corner near a fireplace that’s lit despite the warmth outside. A wide staircase sits across from the door and it rises up in both directions to connect to a balcony at the top.
“Fancy,” I murmur.
“You should see the suites upstairs.”
I glance over, a smile on my lips. “You stay here a lot?”
“I’ve visited a few times. My family lived here‒in Shadow Hill‒when I was younger. Part of the reason I moved back.”
“That’s part of the reason I’m here, too,” I say. “My mom lives here.”
He pauses at the base of the stairs. “Really? So it’s not just research.”
I shrug. “That’s all it might be if she doesn’t come back. I guess she’s out of town for a while.”
“You guess?”
“I’m not sure. I haven’t actually…seen her in a long time. She probably doesn’t even know I’m here. And I don’t know when she’ll be back.”
“Who’s your mom?” He smiles when I lift my eyebrows. “It’s a small town. People talk. If anyone has heard anything, they might be able to tell you.”
“Faye Donnelly.”
He thinks a minute and then shakes his head. “Sorry, I don’t know her. But if I hear anything, I’ll let you know.”
“Thanks.” 
He entwines his fingers with mine and brings the back of my hand to his lips. “Let’s explore.”
He guides us to a hallway and the noise around us fades out.
“Are we allowed to walk around like this?” I ask.
“Sure. This is a big place for the tourists with the history and all. The founding family was discovered murdered here and their ghosts are still hanging out.”
The lights are dim and we stroll past a few rooms with numbers scrolled next to the doors. The carpet is quiet under our feet and I feel a draft from somewhere.
I shiver and Logan puts his arm around me. “Cold?”
“Just a draft.”
He pauses and glances around, looking mischievous. “I hear there are secret passages all over this place. Supposedly the founding family was made up of witches.”
My gaze whips to his. “Witches?”
He leans his shoulder against the wood paneling on the wall. “Is that something that might be interesting for your research?”
“Definitely.” I lean against the wall as well, and then straighten when I feel another draft right by my shoulder.
“What is it?”
I peer closer at the wall, looking for gaps or holes. “I felt cold air.”
Logan presses both hands against the wall, leaning in. “Secret passage,” he says, grinning at me.
I lean in as well.
Willow…
My breath catches. I turn around, scanning the hallway. “Did you hear that?”
“What?”
“A voice.”
He frowns. “No.”
I step close to the wall again and the sound of whispering fills my ears. Willow, we need your help…
Pressing my ear against the wall, I hold my breath and listen.
Willow…
The wall shifts. I gasp, stumbling back. Logan catches my arm and pulls me next to him.
“You’re right,” I whisper. “There’s something behind the wall.”
Logan glances both ways down the hall, gives a shrug. “Let’s check it out.”
I’m ready to protest, but I’m as curious as he is. He presses his hands against the wall again and pushes. The panel moves and darkness yawns before us.
He leans in as I feel a breath of cool air brush my cheeks. I try to peer in next to him, but it’s so dark I can’t see beyond a few feet. 
“I can’t see anything,” he says.
Logan starts digging in his pocket, probably for a lighter, and I duck my head into the passageway again.
Willow…
I swallow, feeling drawn to the darkness. The voice calls again. Willow…
I sway, my body moving into the yawning hole. It’s like a gust of wind pushes me inside, and I stumble, going down on one knee.
And then the panel closes behind me with a final thud.



Chapter 5

My breath shudders out in the darkness and I get to my feet, trying to find the wall with my hand.
“Willow!” Logan’s voice is muted on the other side of the wall, his fists hitting the panel repeatedly. “Are you okay?”
The whispers return.
Willow…
I whip around, my eyes racing back and forth without being able to see anything. There’s only a sliver of light where the panel separates from the wall. 
Willow…Keeper of the Flame…
The flame? My chest heaves with sharp breaths. “Who’s there?”
Family.
The voice continues to whisper, echoing in the dark space.
“Willow?” Logan calls again.
I turn to the panel, pressing my palms flat against it. “Logan?”
“Willow, I can’t‒I’m trying to get this open and I can’t figure it out. Push from your side.”
I push against the panel, shoving it first, and then pounding with the heels of my hands.
“Logan!” When I hear the whispering again and something like cold breath touches my neck, I start yelling. “Open the panel! Get me out of here!”
“I’m trying.” I hear a shuffle and then he says, “I’m going to get something to pry it open.”
My hands are already sore from the scrapes this afternoon, but I’m afraid to stop banging. The voice whispers behind me again, and I’m worried something’s going to brush my bare leg or grab me.
Willow. He’s not who you think he is.
I squeeze my hands into fists, trying to stand up to the faceless voice. “Who?”
Find yourself, and don’t trust him.
“Him who?” I ask, putting strength into my voice.
There’s the sound of something wedging into the panel behind me. I hear Logan curse and something falls on the ground. I push the panel and this time it pops open easily.
When I stumble out, Logan catches my shoulders. “What the hell was that? Are you okay?”
“I don’t‒I don’t know. I heard whispering.” I glance back to the panel. “Like someone was in there.”
He cups my cheeks between his hands. “Willow. Focus. Are you hurt?”
“No.”
His eyes are black in the dim lighting, locked onto mine. “What did you hear? You said you thought someone was in there.”
“I…” The words from the whisper come back to me, Don’t trust him. 
But it can’t be Logan who I shouldn’t trust. Maybe it’s Ryan because he wants me to leave. And he stole my mother’s Book of Shadows, which I need more than ever now since I’m apparently communicating with ghosts. 
There were other words before that, though. He’s not who you think he is.
“Come on,” Logan says. He closes the panel, and I’m surprised no one has come by to see us. “Let’s get out of here.”
When we near the lobby again, it’s brighter and there are people everywhere. I’m still shivering from the cold inside the wall, and my palms are stinging.
“I think I want to go,” I tell Logan.
He glances to the dining room entrance, looking torn. “You’re not hungry?”
I shake my head. 
“You need a drink.” He flashes a smile and caresses my shoulder with one hand. “And something to warm you up.”
That gets a chuckle from me. “Are you volunteering?”
“I’m at your service.”
And it’s pretty tempting. I can tell he’s disappointed we’re not staying for dinner. His jaw is set, and though his eyes are soft, he’s hesitating.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asks.
I nod.
“Really?”
“I think I just need a hot shower and a warm bed,” I tell him, turning to the exit.
He clasps my hand in his. “I can definitely help with that.”
“You’re persistent, I’ll give you that. But I meant back at my room.”
We walk to his car again, and the air is still warm, making me feel better. Making me look at the whispers and what just happened from a logical point of view.
“I think I need to come back,” I say.
He lifts his eyebrows and opens my door for me. “Yeah? That fast, huh?”
I smile. “Not tonight. But soon. There’s clearly something there.”
“Are you going to tell me what?”
“Ghosts?” I bite my lip, leaning against the side of the car. “Something trying to speak to me.”
His jaw shifts. 
“You can call me crazy and take me home if you want.”
His gaze connects with mine again. “I don’t think you’re crazy. I believe you. What were the ghosts trying to say?”
I debate what to tell him. I don’t understand most of it anyway. “They told me to find myself.”
“What does that mean?”
I can guess. And that guess would be that I think they want me to discover my witch roots. But I can’t tell Logan that. He’s already had to deal with me running from the library like a mad woman and communing with the dead. Oh yeah, and my awkward fainting episode in the bar. 
“I don’t know,” I tell him.
He holds my gaze for a long moment, and then opens the door wider. I get in, wondering what he’s thinking. But instead of telling me, he starts the car and drives us from the hotel. He’s quiet on the way back until we reach my motel.
When I get out, he walks with me. 
“I can make it to my room fine,” I say.
He pockets his hands. “I’ll walk you.”
“Trying to prolong the date a little more?”
“Something like that.”
At my door, he rocks on his heels at the precipice. “I’d feel better staying with you a while. Just to make sure you’re okay.”
I lean against the door frame with a smile. “Ghost hunting is in the job description.”
“But is encountering them part of that job, too? Because that sure as hell looked like what happened tonight. I couldn’t get that panel open. It moved so easily for you and then in an instant, you were trapped. And now you want to go back.” 
“Tenacity is a good trait in my field.”
He shakes his head. “I didn’t like it.”
I reach out, pressing my palm against his cheek. “That’s nice of you to be concerned.”
Logan grips my wrist, heat flashing in his gaze. He leans in, just a breath away from kissing me. His eyes find mine, black holes I’m already drowning in. “You sure you don’t want me to come in?”
Yes. The word is on the tip of my tongue. But I can’t get it out. I do want him to come in. So bad I ache. 
His free hand slides down to my waist, pulling me closer. “Just a few minutes,” he whispers.
The room phone rings, and I break away. I give a short laugh. “Sorry, I have to get this.”
I don’t know who’d be calling me on the room phone, but I answer it anyway. I see Logan fold his arms, still waiting outside the door.
“Hello?” No one answers. “Hello?”
I hear a click on the other end.
“Wrong number?” Logan asks.
I replace the phone and walk to the door again. I blow out a breath and take off my heels. “I guess. I think I’m going to take that shower I talked about. Wind down.”
He drops his chin, then nods. “Sure.”
“Thanks for this evening. I’m sorry it didn’t work out.”
Logan steps away from the door. “I get it. We should try again another time.”
“We should.”
Leaning outside the door, I peer up into the dimming sky and find the moon. “It’ll be full in two days.”
He follows my gaze. A smile curves his lips. “You follow the phases of the moon?”
“Sometimes. There’s a lot about me that doesn’t fit your typical mold.”
“I’ve noticed. Which is why I think I should take my time to get to know you.”
“Is that what you think?”
Logan strolls toward me again, several inches taller now that I’ve lost my shoes. “It doesn’t stop me from wanting to get to know you faster.”
He hauls me against him, capturing my mouth. I rise to the tips of my toes to wrap my arms around his neck. I run my fingers through his hair and arch my back when he trails kisses along my jaw. His breath is hot and it lingers at the hollow of my throat.
His fingers dig into my hips, reaching down to curl under the short hem of my dress. I fumble to catch his hand. 
It feels too much like the last time. And the last time things hadn’t ended well for either of us.
“Logan,” I breathe.
His arms vice around me, our bodies flush against each other. He makes a noise low in his throat. “I’m pretending I can’t hear you.”
I laugh and give his chest a gentle shove. When he eases back, I point a finger at him. “You just…” I catch my breath. “You better keep your distance if that’s what’s going to happen every time I’m around you.”
“That’s no fun,” he says, reaching for me again.
I swat his hand. “There’s a time and place for fun.”
He backs up. “Okay, you’re right. A time and place. Not outside your motel room. Not standing by my car outside a haunted hotel.”
“Right.”
“Got it.”
“You sure?” I ask.
He nods, folding his hands behind his back. “You’re interesting, Willow.”
“You’re interesting, too. And still not leaving.”
He laughs and starts walking. “All right. I’m going. Sleep well.”
I close the door once he disappears down the stairs and slump against the other side. Sleep well? Not likely. 
Last time I’d been kissed, we’d been in a college dorm room and a thousand “no’s” hadn’t made him stop. I’d done the only thing I could, lashed out with fire. It had been instinct, really, because I had no idea what I was doing. 
One minute he was on top of me and the next his arms were on fire. 
I can’t control it, it controls me. I was hoping my mother could help, but now I have no idea where she is and only one source for answers. 
Ryan.
~ ~ ~
I plan on marching right up to his door, banging on it until he opens up, and demanding answers. But when I pull into his drive, his truck isn’t there. The windows are dim and the porch light isn’t on.
How am I supposed to talk to him now?
Drumming my fingers on the steering wheel, I debate on whether or not I want to add breaking and entering to my record. I kind of think I want to. After all, he started it. At least, I’m pretty sure he did.
Pulling out of his drive quickly, I park next door at my mom’s house, far back by the side of the house so that if Ryan does come home, he won’t see the car right away.
I grab a flashlight from the glove compartment and tuck it into my pocket.
After Logan left, I changed into the clothes I probably should have been wearing when I took a dive headfirst into the secret tunnel in the haunted hotel. My jeans are dark and tucked into combat boots. My dark tank is covered by a black hoodie and I’ve pulled my hair up into a haphazard bun.
Stepping out of the car, I look around and listen for noises. I hear nothing. I run around the hedge and jog up the steps to Ryan’s door. I decide to knock for good measure. Just in case. No one’s home.
My fingers close over the handle. Locked. Of course. He’s a thief, why the hell does he need to lock his door? Afraid someone’s going to come for retribution?
I take out my flashlight and examine the front windows. It’s bordering on summer, the May air just starting to heat up but still cool enough at night, he’d probably keep the windows closed. Sure enough, none of them budges.
Keeping my flashlight aimed near the ground, I hustle to the side of the house, trying to find a window. There are two basement level windows that are dusty and set low in a metal well. 
Since the backyard is guarded by a tall fence and it will take longer to get in there, I climb into one of the window wells and grimace. Spiderwebs line the corners and I’m stepping on something squishy, something I hope is only wet leaves.
I curl my fingers against the lip of the window and pull, surprised when it gives way and opens. I didn’t even have to peel off a screen or anything. The window is small, but so am I, and I squeeze through, trying to drop myself slowly enough I don’t break anything below.
My feet slap on cement and I turn the flashlight toward the room. There are boxes, a recliner, and a few shelves with odds and ends. This part of the basement is unfinished and uncluttered, making it easier to maneuver my way through.
I find the stairs quickly. Not knowing how much time I have, I’d rather search for the book and get the hell out of here.
Every single stair creaks as I climb, making me wince. Shit. If anyone’s home, they know someone else is in here, too. Screw it. I rush up the rest of the stairs, open the door, and step into a hallway.
I check the living room first. There aren’t any lights on and I trip on a pair of work boots, stumbling into an end table. A lamp wobbles dangerously and I grab it before it topples.
I hold my breath, wait for someone to jump out from behind the couch and catch me. But the room stays silent. Maybe Ryan’s out for the night. At the bar. Or with the rude librarian.
Checking the coffee table, the end tables and even the shelf in the corner, isn’t helpful. It’s a major bachelor pad, heavy on comfortable furniture and electronics, short on knick-knacks and charm.
I race up the stairs. His bedroom seems like the next logical place to look. I bypass a bathroom and another room that looks like a guestroom. I find his bedroom and snort in surprise when my flashlight makes an arc across the clean space. It’s cozy, a large bed with a wooden frame, plush bedding and even a window treatment. 
Logan said Ryan flips houses, so I guess he knows a little about them. The building of them and the decorating of them. Either that or he had someone do it for him. A girlfriend. I chuckle to myself. His mom, probably.
There’s a noise from below. I yank in a breath when I hear the front door.
“Shit,” I whisper, turning to leave. 
But there are footsteps close to the stairs and I back up. I can’t go that way. I can’t get out. My gaze falls on a door I assume is the closet. I race over, open it up and thank God it’s a walk-in. I shut myself inside just as I hear footsteps on the stairs.



Chapter 6

I hear Ryan flip a switch and a sliver of light appears under the door. I press back into clothes‒shirts with long sleeves, some of them flannel. They smell like him, woodsy with a hint of spice. 
His footsteps come close to the closet. I slap a hand over my mouth to keep quiet. My heart races, trying to jump out of my chest. I grip the flashlight, the only weapon I ever seem to have when Ryan’s around. 
That and the fire inside of me. If only I could turn that on and off at will.
My hands start to shake when I see the shadow of feet under the door. I hear him clear his throat and for a minute, I’m sure he knows I’m in here. Then he moves away, shuts off the light, and walks out.
I listen until I can’t hear his footsteps anymore. Then I wait some more. Finally, I hear the front door. I listen for the sound of his car starting, but I’m too far away, buried in the pitch black closet with men’s clothes all around me.
Holding the flashlight in front of me, I slowly open the closet door. It’s dark in the room again, with only the low light of the moon glowing in the windows. It’s silent and peaceful. 
My gaze narrows on the end table by the bed. Just as I reach for the drawer, the overhead lights come on.
I whip around and find Ryan standing in the doorway, a murderous look in his eyes.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
“Oh,” I say, glancing around like I have no idea where I am. “This isn’t my mom’s house? I thought‒”
“Cut the shit.” 
He steps forward, hands fisted at his sides. His navy shirt is cut tight over his biceps, tapering down to his trim waist. He’s wearing dark wash jeans, black boots, and a scowl.
I hold out the heavy flashlight. “Don’t come any closer.”
Amusement races across his face. “This is my house and you’re the intruder. I can do whatever I want to you and no one’s going to question it.”
Fear circuits through my body, making my stomach churn. A thousand thoughts rush through my mind, but only one sticks. I have to get out of here.
With my best aim, I hurl the flashlight at his face and bolt. He deflects the flashlight as I try to shove around him, and snags me by my waist. His whips me back so hard and fast, my feet come off the ground.
In an instant, he has me pinned against the wall. My breath whooshes out. His hands hold my shoulders to the surface, so tight I wince, even as I try to fight him.
“Get off me!” I shout, trying to shove him. 
I hike up my knee, prepared to get him in the groin, but he presses the entire length of his body against me so I can’t move.
“Stop it,” he snaps. 
“Get off!”
“What are you doing here?”
“Let me go,” I growl through my teeth.
“Once you tell me what you’re doing here.”
“I came for my book. You stole it from my room at the motel.”
He loosens his grip enough for me to get my arms between us. Flames shoot from my fingertips, surprising us both. He jumps back and I run for it. My shoes thud on the stairs, and I slip on the last two, stumbling but gripping the post for balance.
He’s right behind me, close enough I can hear his breath. I go for the door, yank on the handle, but it’s locked.
“No,” I cry out, but Ryan’s already there, whipping me around.
I swing at him, getting in a weak punch to his jaw before he grabs me again, making us both tumble to the ground. I hit my elbow hard on the floor, and gasp when Ryan straddles me and pins my arms above my head. 
“That’s enough,” he says, breath coming out rough.
I wiggle underneath him, but he won’t move. My elbow aches and I exhale. “You took my book.”
“It’s not your book. It’s your mother’s.”
My mouth opens, surprised he admitted it. “I need answers. I need to talk to my mom.”
“She’ll be back next week. You can come see her then.” He shifts, hands loosening on my wrists. “Is that what you came here for? The book?”
“Yes.”
He removes some of the weight on my waist. “If I let you go, you promise to settle the hell down?”
“You started it,” I murmur.
His lips twitch, but he lets go of my arms and gets off of me. When I sit up, I wince and cup my elbow. “You’re an asshole,” I tell him.
“I’ve been called worse.”
“Why do you want me to leave so badly?”
“Trust me, it’s for your own safety.”
When I start to stand, he eyes me warily and hops to his feet with little effort. He leans against the front door, folding his arms.
I frown. “So…what? I’m being held hostage?”
“If you promise to leave town, you’re free to go. I’ll help you pack your bags myself.”
I open my mouth to argue, but he gives a curt shake of his head. “You don’t have any reason to trust me, but I’m not lying about this. Your mom left because she’s trying to keep you and the rest of the town safe. And if you leave, too, everything will be okay. Even better, you can come back the next day. Just get out of here before Sunday night.”
“What’s Sunday night?”
“The full moon.”
“What happens when it’s a full moon?”
He sighs, drops his chin for a moment. When he finally looks up, he says, “You want to sit?”
I think for a moment. He doesn’t seem to want to hurt me. And the threats have stopped. But it still makes me uneasy sitting in his living room. Suck it up, I tell myself. This might be the only way I can get answers.
“Sure,” I say.
But he doesn’t walk to the living room. He wanders to the kitchen, so I trail behind him. I stop in the doorway to the kitchen when he leans in the refrigerator and emerges with a beer. “You want one?”
“Sounds good.”
He pops the top for me and passes it over, then grabs one for himself. We sit at the kitchen table, a round chipped piece of furniture that looks like it gets a lot of use.
“Your mom took a short vacation.” He quirks the corner of his lips. “She wanted to see Mt. Rushmore.”
My eyebrows furrow. “You must be pretty close if she tells you when she’s leaving and where she’s going.”
“We’re friends,” he says. “Have been since I moved next door to her.”
“And she left because of the full moon?”
He nods, takes a swallow of his beer before rotating it in circles on the surface of the table.
“Why?”
“Listen,” he says, meeting my eyes with his gray ones. “You seem like a decent person, and I know it sucks to show up here and be told to leave, but it’s better if you do. And it’s better if that’s all you know for now.”
I consider this while taking a sip of my beer. Him not telling me the details makes me want to know more.
He lifts his eyebrows. “I researched you.”
“Yeah?”
He nods.
“When you try to chase someone out of town, you’re really thorough.”
Ryan laughs and scoops a hand through his dark blond hair. “I researched you because I was trying to figure out the best way to get you to leave. I have a feeling the more I tell you, the more you’re going to want to know. And since you’re into all this supernatural stuff, I figure that will make you want to stay.”
“Is that what this is all about? Supernatural stuff?”
“I kind of figured you already knew that when you tried to set the library on fire.”
“I didn’t mean to.” I fold my arms. “It’s your fault.”
A muscle works in his jaw. “I don’t remember having the ability to make anything spontaneously combust.”
“You were threatening me.”
He runs his hand through his hair again. “All right. Not my best moment, I’ll admit that. I was hoping scaring you out of here would work. Instead, you showed up in my house.”
“You showed up in my motel room first.”
“True.” He stands. “I’ll get your book.”
I listen to his footsteps fade and sigh. I take another drink and consider what he’s saying. If there is some sort of danger in me staying here on Sunday night, it makes sense to leave. Especially if I can turn right around and come back.
After what I experienced in the Shadow Hill Hotel tonight, there’s most likely a story here. I might as well get some work done while I’m searching for answers about my own past.
Ryan returns and sets the book in front of me. I slide it closer on the table, flipping it open. My mother’s name is inside, with her mother’s name before her and so on. I close it and trace the raised pentagram on the front.
“She never told me any of this, you know,” I say.
“About your history, who you are?”
I nod, hating that emotion for a woman I barely remember keeps swelling inside. If I had known who I really was, I might not have been so confused by the flames. I might not have hurt anyone. I pick up the book and stand, quelling my emotions with anger. It’s her fault she didn’t want to have anything to do with her daughter. I turned out okay despite that.
“I’m going to head back to the motel,” I say. “Thanks for the drink. And for giving me the book back.”
He follows me to the front door and even unlocks it for me to let me out.
“I’ll leave on Sunday,” I tell him, turning back. “On one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“You tell me what’s going on when I come back.”
“Your mom will probably be back by then. You can ask her.”
“Great. If she’s back by then. If not, I want answers. Deal?”
He narrows his eyes at me. Finally, he holds out a hand. “Deal.”
I take it, and a charge hums between our palms. I look up into Ryan’s eyes. “What is that?”
“Deals between people like you and people like me are pretty serious. A bond.”
The buzz tickles and warms. I breathe out. “People like you,” I whisper. “What does that mean?”
He retracts his hand and tucks it in his pocket. “I agreed to give you answers when you come back. Not tonight.”
“Come on.”
“You keep your end of the deal first, and then I’ll keep mine.”
I meet his eyes a long moment, searching for deceit there. But I don’t see anything save for resolve and maybe a little concern.
“Okay, I’ll keep my end of the deal,” I say.
“I’ll meet you at the motel at check-out time.” He opens the door for me. “From there I can follow you to the town border.”
“I said I’d keep up my end.”
“I’m not worried about you keeping your word.”
“Then what?” I ask, clutching the book to my chest. 
“Just be careful, okay? You don’t know who you can trust.” 
Sounds kind of like what the whispers were telling me in the hotel. But Ryan’s included in that category. Just because he gave me the book back doesn’t mean I can trust him either.
“I’ll be careful,” I say.
He pulls a business card out of his pocket and passes it to me. “My number, just in case.”
“Thanks.” I turn for the stairs. 
I walk to the end of the drive before glancing back. Ryan’s still standing in the doorway, hands in his pockets as he watches me leave.
I sigh and go around the hedge. My car is where I parked it on the side of my mom’s house. I want to go inside, to learn more about her. But then I remember my anger and the way she abandoned me and my dad when I was young.
Maybe I don’t want to know more about her. If she was so quick to forget about me, maybe I should do the same with her.
I get into the car and drive back to the motel, ready for the shower I told Logan I wanted to take. It feels like so long ago. And I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be just as long.



Chapter 7

I find a local diner the next morning, sitting by myself in a small booth while the weekend morning rush keeps the restaurant busy and noisy.
My mother’s Book of Shadows isn’t exactly discreet reading, so I make notes for my potential article while I’m waiting for my meal. I need history on Shadow Hill Hotel, and maybe a family tree. If someone or something was trying to communicate with me, it could be because of an ancestral link.
When someone slides into the seat across from me, I whip my head up. 
It’s the librarian.
She’s still wearing her cat-eye glasses and looking matter-of-fact. “Hi, Willow,” she says.
“I wasn’t planning on company for breakfast.”
“How about we get the heavy stuff off the table? I was rude to you, you tried to set my library on fire. Let’s call it even.”
I narrow my gaze at her.
She extends a hand across the table. “I’m Cheyenne.”
Reluctantly, I take it and feel the same hum between our palms as I did with Ryan. “You’re one of them,” I say.
“One of who?” she asks, looking amused.
“One of those people Ryan won’t tell me about until I get the hell out of Shadow Hill.”
She laughs. “Sounds like something he’d say.”
The waitress walks by to refill my coffee and I wait until she leaves before lowering my voice and asking, “What are you?”
She frowns. “That was rude.”
“You’re welcome to leave.”
The frown disappears and she laughs again. “I like you, Willow.”
“I’m still deciding about you.”
“Fair enough.” She leans in, places her palms flat on the table, and says, “I’m a werewolf.”
I glare at her. “Very funny.”
Cheyenne takes off her glasses, rubs them on the corner of her sweater calmly. “I believe we met before. In your mother’s house.”
The seat squeaks when I straighten. “You’re lying.”
“No.”
“This isn’t…I mean. Witches, sure. Psychics, yeah. Werewolves?”
I lean back when the waitress delivers me pancakes with bacon on the side. “Anything else I can get you?” she asks.
A trip back to reality maybe. But I just smile and shake my head. “No thanks.”
Cheyenne snags a piece of bacon. “You forgot vampires.”
“Vampires. Holy shit. You’re not serious.”
“One hundred percent serious.”
I shake my head. “No…you’re trying to scare me.”
She laughs and helps herself to more bacon. I’m too shocked by her words to stop her. 
“You don’t look scared to me,” she says.
“Why are you telling me this? Ryan wouldn’t tell me.”
“Ryan’s just doing what he thinks is best. But he’s pretty black and white about it all. As long as you agreed to leave before tomorrow night, it’s fine if I give you a little information.”
I spread the butter on my pancakes and then cover them with syrup. “I did agree. But I’m coming back.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything less. And when that time comes, I will happily tell you more. As long as there’s not fire involved.”
I can’t help but smile. I might not understand how or why I can call the fire, but it has come in handy more than once in the last few days. “Werewolves don’t like fire?”
“Not just any fire. A witch’s fire. It’s fairly lethal.”
“Wow. You really do like me if you’re giving away all your secrets.”
She laughs, a carefree sound that makes me realize she’s not much older than me. It’s the glasses and the librarian label that makes her seem older. She checks her watch.
“Okay, time to get to work. Stop by if you’re curious. I could give you a few books to look at.”
I nod. “Thanks.”
She snags another piece of bacon. “Thanks for sharing your breakfast.”
I watch her walk away and eat my pancakes since that’s all there is left. Werewolves. That’s one I haven’t encountered before. Sure, there are stories, but I’ve never seen real evidence. And even now I’m wondering if she was pulling my leg.
Except she knew I saw a wolf in my mother’s house. How would she have known that?
Damn. I kind of like her despite all that. She’s strong and confident and way more easygoing than Ryan. I wonder how they know each other. 
I wonder if they’re dating.
Taking another hasty bite, I erase that thought completely. Ryan’s an asshole. I already told him this. Who cares if he and the wolf are dating?
But if she’s a wolf…does that mean Ryan is one too?
After another bite, I push the pancakes aside. No way. Two werewolves? That can’t be. And it still doesn’t explain why I can’t be here during a full moon. Is the entire town infected with werewolves and I’ll be the innocent witch bystander that gets gobbled up?
If that were the case, why didn’t the ghosts warn me about them instead?
The waitress drops off the check and I pull cash out of my wallet. I already sent an e-mail off to my editor and he sounded interested in the story of the Shadow Hill Hotel. It’s been covered before, but with a different angle. And I plan on focusing a lot more on the history.
The part that might apply to me.
After leaving a decent tip for the waitress since she let me have my space, I haul my bag over my shoulder and exit the restaurant. The sun shines bright overhead and it promises to be a warm late May day. 
I scan the street both ways and watch families and friends walking along Main Street. It looks normal and peaceful. Idyllic, even. But it doesn’t slip my mind that some of these people could be like Cheyenne. Werewolves or vampires. Or maybe even witches like me.
I shake my head. Crazy. And now I’m going to try to talk to a ghost.
~ ~ ~
It doesn’t take long to find the cemetery near the hotel. It’s a short hike that takes me away from the main building and to a clearing in the pines. Wind flutters the trees and I peer over my shoulder. There’s a hedge maze behind the hotel, the greenery filling in. I can hear laughter from within and sigh. Too bad I have to leave tomorrow, just when things are starting to get good. 
I turn my attention back to the headstones. Some are nothing more than crosses made out of heavy boards, looking worn from years in the weather. Others are actual tombstones with names and epitaphs carved in them. I reach the end of one aisle and pause. 
The name on the top of the largest tombstone in the bunch reads Selena Donnelly, Keeper of the Flame. Same last name. And as I’ve learned from my research a lot of times women keep their last names since power passes on through the females in the family. 
My heart races and I glance around. Keeper of the Flame. That’s what the voices had said to me inside the panel at the hotel. I search my memory for the name Selena Donnelly, but come up empty. What if she’s an ancestor or someone I need to know? And why is she buried here then? Does she have some sort of link to the Hill family?
“Willow,” a voice says.
It’s barely above a whisper, the same voice I heard inside the hotel. When my gaze whips up, I see a figure at the edge of the cemetery. Her black hair flows over her shoulders and her dress is old, from decades ago. Maybe more than a century. 
“Selena?” I ask.
When her lips curve, a jolt of alarm shoots through me. Selena is a ghost. There’s another first. 
She turns and walks toward the hedge maze. She looks so solid, so real, it’s hard to believe she’s not flesh and blood.
“Selena,” I call. 
“Not here,” she says.
I trip over a twig as I race after her. From the corner of my eye, I see a group of people walking through the trees. A tour maybe? I peer closer, trying to place Logan. He mentioned doing hikes through here.
When I look back, Selena is walking into the maze. I clutch my bag tight on my shoulder and follow her. “Wait. Selena.”
I glimpse the hem of her white dress as she disappears around another corner. “Follow me, Willow.”
I grit my teeth, racing after her. She’s quick for a ghost. I round another corner, think I’ve found her, but she’s gone again.
I freeze, irritated, when a cool breeze blows against my cheek. I whip around and she’s standing there. Only five feet away from me.
With a yelp, I back into the wall of bushes, catching my hair in the leaves.
“I won’t hurt you,” she says. 
My heart still slams against my chest at the sight of her. “I‒you…” I blow out a slow breath, trying to compose myself. “I heard you in the hotel.”
“He’s not who you think he is.”
I step away from the bushes and take in everything. Her dress, the purple stone in her necklace, the tendrils of her hair that tickle her collarbone. “Who?” I ask softly.
She lifts her chin and the sound of voices floats to us in the center of the maze. It’s the tour group. The guide’s voice is low and male. I can’t tell from here if it’s Logan or not.
“Do you mean Logan?” I ask.
“He wants the key,” she says, stepping back.
“The key. Where’s the key?”
She gives a sad smile. “Right here.”
I scan the ground, hoping to find what she’s talking about lying in easy view. When I feel another whoosh of air, I gasp at finding her standing directly in front of me. She reaches out, her finger close to my chest. “You are the key.”
The cold coming off of her is so strong it chills me to my bones. My breath catches and freezes in my throat. I’m suspended for a long moment of disbelief. Then, in the blink of an eye, she vanishes.
The voices are louder now, tourists standing outside the maze somewhere. One of them definitely sounds like Logan. If Selena is right, he wants me for some reason. He’s the one she was telling me not to trust.
I remember taking three right turns to find Selena in the maze. So I walk back toward the entrance, taking all left turns, my stomach churning. I’d kissed Logan. I’d told him I heard a ghost. Does that mean anything to him? Is that why he’s been so friendly?
Logan’s voice reaches me as he explains the maze to the hikers. “Her family said she went crazy and would walk in the maze for hours and hours, never able to find her way out.” 
Rounding the last corner, I step out of the maze, and pause. The entire group is looking at me.
“Hey,” Logan says, grinning at me. “Looks like this one was able to find her way out.”
There are a few chuckles. Most of the hikers have packs on their backs or carry water bottles. They’re dressed in long pants and sweaters, and look eager to try the maze.
“If anyone wants to give it a go,” Logan says, gesturing to the entrance of the maze, “be my guest.”
They all walk inside. I hear voices and laughter as they disappear until only Logan and I are left. He turns to me instantly, hand sliding down my arm to take my hand. 
“Strange meeting you here,” he says, smiling.
“I thought you took hiking tours.”
He shrugs. “Sometimes they see the maze from the trail‒or get interested when I tell them the history of the cemetery. I don’t mind. I get paid either way. We’re just finishing up this one, so we took a detour.”
His fingers are warm on mine. I can still feel the cold from Selena standing so close to me. Right now, I wish she was here to tell me what to say.
“You okay?” Logan’s dark eyes are fathomless when he peers into mine. 
I nod, forcing calm. “Sure. I was doing some exploring.”
“You should come on the hike then. It’s all about the area around here.”
“Maybe I will sometime.”
When he smiles, it’s hard for me to remember Selena warned me about him. Why can’t I trust him? He hasn’t done anything to me so far. He’s been a lot more straightforward than Ryan. And he kind of makes me feel like I’m drowning a little when I stare into his eyes. 
“How about we try again for dinner? Or we can make a day of it tomorrow. More sightseeing, and then dinner afterward.”
I want to say yes. I want to spend time with him. And I want more answers. But tomorrow…tomorrow is the full moon and I promised Ryan I’d leave in the morning. He’ll make sure that I do. 
“I can’t tomorrow,” I tell him. I bite my tongue before telling him where I’m going to be. “I have a bunch of errands to run and more research to do.”
“I can help. I don’t have any groups to take out.”
Cold air brushes my cheeks and I swallow, glancing around for Selena. It feels like she’s sending me a warning. “I‒no, that’s okay. We can plan something for later in the week, though.”
“Hmm…” His dark eyes meet mine and he brushes a finger down my cheek. “I think you’re trying to avoid me.”
I laugh, though it comes out rough. “No.”
A shadow blocks the sun and his eyes are so dark, they’re almost black. “Are you sure?”
I try to swallow, but it feels like something is caught in my throat. My gaze is stuck on Logan’s and this is the first time I’ve felt nervous around him. “Logan,” I whisper.
He smiles. “Yes?”
I finally break free and release a breath. “I’m sorry.” I shake my head. “I just…I’m not feeling very well.”
“That’s too bad,” he says, brows furrowing in concern. “Like I said, we’re just finishing up the tour. I could take you home.”
“No. No, it’s not a big deal.”
“You sure?”
I nod and pull my hand from his. “Sorry,” I say again. “I’ll see you around.”
“Maybe I’ll check in on you tonight.”
I manage another nod and try to walk at a normal pace to get back to the parking lot where my car waits. Away from Selena and the cold and Logan, everything seems normal again. And warm. And all the sudden, I have no idea why Logan made me uneasy in the first place. Sure, Selena warned me about him, but taking advice from a ghost?
That might not be my best move.
When I reach my car, I sigh and glance back to the hedge maze. I see Logan’s group gather around him again. He gestures, giving them more information, and I shake my head. He’s a guide and I’m afraid of him? 
Doesn’t make sense.
I open the door, hop in and toss my bag into the passenger seat. As I do, the glint of metal catches my eye.
Shifting my bag to the floor, I spot a necklace on the seat. The chain is brushed gold, dark and antique looking. On the end is a stone, purple, almost the size of a quarter. The exact stone I’d seen Selena wearing.
How did that get in here? As I scan the parking lot, I feel the familiar chill return. Selena left me her necklace somehow.
I pick up the chain and stuff the stone into my pocket. I need the Book of Shadows. I need to figure out why she left this.



Chapter 8

Logan is a vampire.
There’s a picture of the lavender stone Selena gave to me right in the middle of the Book of Shadows. And next to it, in one of my ancestor’s cursive writing, it reads, For protection from creatures of the night.
He’s got to be a vampire. With those intimidating dark eyes and a specific warning from Selena telling me he’s not who I think he is, followed by the gift of the necklace.
I scoot my chair out from the desk and start pacing. So far I’ve got vampires and werewolves here in Shadow Hill, and a ghost giving me gifts. Shadow Hill is like some sort of paranormal vortex.
And I’m some kind of key.
Despite Ryan’s secrecy, I trust enough of what he’s said to get out of town tomorrow night. Just in case. Better than causing a problem I don’t have information on.
I check my watch. It’s getting close to dinner and I don’t want to be here by myself. 
I grab my jacket and purse, shove the Book of Shadows in my satchel, and head out the door. The sun blinds me and I slip sunglasses on as a thought occurs to me.
If Logan is a vampire, how can he be outside in the daylight? Or is that just a myth? I’ve seen him outside during the day more than once, including this morning, and it didn’t seem to be a problem for him. 
I jog down the outdoor stairs, swing around to the parking lot, and pull out my keys. Then freeze.
My front tire is flat. 
“What the hell?” I step closer and then make a noise of irritation. “Shit.”
All the tires are flat. Every single one of them. I kneel down next to the front one and examine the tire for slashes or nails or anything that might explain it.
“What’s going on?” a voice asks from behind me.
I whip around. It’s Logan. He’s perched against his car, legs stretched out and ankles crossed. 
I grit my teeth. “Someone let the air out of my tires.”
He straightens. “All of them?”
“All of them.”
Logan strolls forward and does the same inspection of the tires I just did. “Shit. That’s messed up. Why would someone do that?”
“I have no idea. Why would someone do that?”
He gives me a blank look like he has no idea what I’m getting at. And I can’t flat out ask him if he was the one who messed around with my tires. He hasn’t done anything suspicious. Blaming him because of a ghost is going to make me sound crazy, not the other way around.
When he stands, he takes my hand so swiftly, I don’t have time to back away. “We should tell the police.”
My mouth opens, caught off guard. “What?”
“In case someone did this on purpose. You know, just file a report‒or tell them what happened so they know.” He lifts his eyebrows. “Don’t you think?”
“I…” I’m confused. Why would he suggest we tell the police if he’s involved? He wouldn’t. “Maybe we should.”
He nods. “I think that would be best. Are you okay?”
I frown. “Yes. Pissed off, though.”
He laughs. “I would be, too. The police station is just down the street. Do you want me to drive?”
“Thank you.”
I get in the passenger seat, squeezing my bag down at my feet. The car smells like Logan. Like pine and spice and something mysterious I can’t define. Like secrets.
Logan eases into the seat next to me and turns to me before starting the car. “Do you feel better?”
“Excuse me?”
“Earlier you said you didn’t feel well. That’s why I came to check on you. To make sure you felt better.”
I force a smile. “Yes. Minus the flat tires, I’m doing fine.”
“Good to hear. The flat tires are a bitch, though.” He starts the car and pulls away from the motel. 
When he shifts to a higher gear, racing us down Main Street, I tense in my seat. “Where’s the police station?”
He jerks a thumb over his shoulder. “Back that way.”
“I thought you said‒”
“Relax, Willow. I have something I want to show you.”
“I don’t want to see anything. I want to go back.”
He laughs, a low and deep chuckle that unsettles me. “To that hole in the wall? That motel is the shittiest place you could have picked in the whole town. Wouldn’t you prefer something better?”
Something better? What’s he talking about?
“I wasn’t planning on staying long,” I tell him, reaching slowly into my purse.
“That’s not what you told me.”
“Initially, I mean. At first I wasn’t planning on staying for long.”
“Hmm…” He reaches out fast as lightning and whips my purse from my grasp. “What are you doing?”
“Logan,” I say, keeping my voice even. “You need to take me back.”
“Like I said, I have something to show you.”
“Give me my purse.”
His jaw shifts and he glances over. When he slows down, I almost think he’s going to do what I ask. But then he makes a turn and heads away from the main part of town, the busy streets. Away from people.
I grip the handle on the door, my breath starting to come faster. He’s kidnapping me. He’s not taking me back. And I have no idea where we’re going.
“Logan, please. Tell me where we’re going.”
“Be patient.”
“I need my phone.”
In response, he stuffs my purse between him and the door.
The houses taper away and the trees grow thicker. Aspens and pines line the side of the road, which has gone down to one lane both ways. The sun shines warm through the window, and suddenly it’s hard to breathe.
“Logan.” I watch his profile, calm and unperturbed. “Logan, please stop. I don’t feel well.”
He barely glances at me. “That’s what you said earlier, too. But it looks like you got over it.”
“I’m serious. I think I’m going to be sick.”
He frowns, looks over with narrowed eyes, and then finally slows the car. My mind races for a plan. Try to run? Try to grab my purse and use the phone? I don’t have a weapon and I don’t know where I am. Where’s my metal flashlight when I need it?
The tires crunch on gravel when he stops on the side of the road. I reach automatically for the handle, but the door’s locked. I fumble for the lock, frantic to get out now. Logan opens his side of the car and walks around to mine. 
I lock the door again and reach for my purse. I hear the click of the lock from the button on Logan’s keys and yelp. He rips open the door.
“No!” I try to scramble away from him, but Logan hauls me out. 
He presses me up against the car. I try to tuck the phone behind me, but he grabs my wrist and takes it from me. “Willow.”
My eyes automatically fly to his and freeze there. The irises are nearly as dark as the pupils, an ebony stare I can’t break free from.
“You need to calm down,” he says, voice smooth as honey. “You’re going to be just fine. We’re only going for a ride.”
My heart’s racing but my body won’t move. “A ride,” I echo.
He smiles. “That’s right. A ride.” He slides one hand up my bare arm and then traces it back down my side, all the way to my hip, where he finds a bare piece of skin between my shirt and jeans. “See? It’s okay.”
But…hadn’t I just been doing something? I need to be somewhere. Somewhere that’s not here. I remember my purse and my phone, and then getting into the car with him and passing the police station. What is he doing to me? It’s like he’s trying to erase my memories.
I hike my knee up between his legs as hard as possible, feeling a flash of triumph when he grunts and doubles over. Then I run. My feet crash down on weeds and twigs, and then I reach the trees and the shade of the forest. 
“Willow!” Logan calls. There’s pain in his voice, but he doesn’t sound too far behind me.
My hair catches on a branch and I gasp, pulling away. The ground grows moist where the sun hasn’t dried it yet. My foot sinks into mud and I nearly lose my shoe. More branches tear at my arms and my shirt, scrape my cheeks. 
When I hear footsteps behind me, I freeze. Then I glance over my shoulder. Nothing is there. A bird chirps overhead. When I face forward again, Logan is right in front of me.
My breath catches.
His face is calm but steely, lips pressed into a flat line. “Willow, why are you trying to make this difficult?”
“Make what difficult?” I pant.
“Helping me out with my plan.”
I step back and a branch cracks under my foot. A flock of birds flies from a nearby tree. 
“I don’t…” I grit my teeth, hating the tremor in my voice. “I don’t want to be part of your plan.”
“Sorry, Willow,” he says, almost as if he regrets it, “but you already are. That’s why you’re here.”
“What?”
He steps forward, so close the tips of our shoes are touching. “That note that told you to come here for answers? I sent that.”
“But‒”
“I had to get you here somehow.”
“I thought…” My chest heaves with a sharp breath. “I did come here for answers.”
Logan scoops an arm around my waist, pulling me to his chest. “And I promise I will give them to you.” He brushes his mouth across mine gently. Once. Twice. Then his lips find my ear. “I just need you to come with me.”
I press my hands against this chest, trying to get him away from me, but he’s too strong. I can feel the tremor of his muscles as he squeezes, see the veins in his forearms as he holds tight.
“Logan, please. Don’t hurt me. I’ll help you, I promise‒”
“Of course you will. And no, I’m not going to hurt you. You’re a part of this. Once you get your answers, you’ll come around.” His fingers slide under my shirt in the back, tracing my spine. “I’ll help you. I’ll show you how to use your powers.”
Back at the road, I hear a car coming and I squirm in Logan’s grasp. If I can just get free‒if I can get to the road, maybe I can wave someone down.
“You’re too stubborn for your own good,” Logan murmurs. 
A smile traces his lips when he reaches in his pocket. He pulls out an ivory cloth and lifts it to my face.
“No. Logan, don’t‒”
He presses it against my mouth. I struggle against the pressure, but he doesn’t ease up. My hands claw at his shirt, but they get weaker and weaker. A haze creeps into the corners of my vision. When I start to slump, I hear Logan blow out a breath.
“See now,” he says quietly, brushing a hand along my temple, “that wasn’t so bad.”
Then I fall into darkness.




Chapter 9

My cheek is pressed against a fluffy pillow. It feels so nice, I roll to my side to caress the soft material. 
And then reality kicks in.
I open my eyes, my heart already pounding when I remember where I am. Or rather, where I’m not. I’m not in my motel room. I’m not in my car which can’t go anywhere because someone‒Logan‒let the air out of the tires. 
I am not somewhere I recognize.
I’m on a plush bed with maroon linens. There’s a soft throw pulled over the top of me, and I shove it aside as I sit up. The room spins around me for a long moment before it finally settles into place again.
“You should really take it easy,” a voice says.
I yank in a breath. Logan is sitting on a chair across the room, one ankle crossed over the other knee. He looks like he’s been sitting there a while. His hands rest on the arms, long fingers lightly tapping on the surface.
“Where are we?”
He smiles. “Home.”
I stand slowly, gripping the bedpost for support, and look around. “This is your house?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t understand.” He gets up from the chair and I retreat, the backs of my thighs hitting the bed. “Stop.”
“Stop?”
“Don’t come any closer,” I tell him. I wish again for my flashlight or some kind of weapon. Anything that makes me feel safer.
He stops and spreads his hands. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
I hate that he actually looks sincere. But what do I know? I’m clearly not the best judge of character. 
“So…what?” I ask, gripping the bed post hard enough my knuckles turn white. “You just wanted me to come over for dinner?”
He laughs. “Are you hungry?”
“This isn’t funny.”
Logan drops the smile. “No, it’s not.”
He starts walking again, feet so quiet on the hardwood floor, I wouldn’t be able to tell he’s there if I didn’t see him with my own eyes. I never realized before how stealthy he is, how smooth his movements are, how predatory his gaze is.
“How do you do it?” I ask, trying to distract him.
Another step. “Do what?”
“Go out in the sunlight? That’s got to hurt, right? Or are there different rules for you?”
A smile curves his lips. “You have been doing your research.”
“Why are we here?”
When he steps closer, I try to ease around to the other side of the bed, but he’s too fast. So quick, he’s almost a blur. All the sudden, he’s in front of me, one hand on my back to hold me to him.
Our bodies touch the entire way down, and he traces my jaw with his free hand.
“Because I need you,” he whispers.
His breath tickles my cheek, and his eyes are fathomless, making me feel dizzy again. 
“What for?” I ask, a hitch in my voice. 
“To become who I’m meant to be.”
Vampire. That’s what he’s talking about. But my head is so hazy, all I can do is stare into his eyes.
“I need your help,” Logan continues. His lips brush my cheek, my jaw, trace down to my collarbone. “And once you see what kind of power is at your fingertips, I think you’ll want to do this.”
“Do what?” I whisper.
His lips claim mine, gentle enough it’s almost like an invitation, but with enough heat to shoot sparks to my toes. His tongue traces my upper lip before he changes the angle of the kiss, tipping me back as though I’m nothing but air. His hand slides under my shirt, making my belly quiver, and I cling to his shirt, holding on as though I’m on a precipice.
I’m falling and I can’t seem to help myself. He leans me back on the bed, hands like fire as he traces them up my sides and grazes the top of my bra. His fingers dip underneath the material, sending a jolt of desire to my center.
“Logan.”
“Yes,” he murmurs, finding my lips again.
I blink. Once. Twice. What does he keep doing to me? It snaps into place. I’m a captive in his home. He’s a vampire. I need to get out.
I wedge my hands between us, pushing at his chest. “Get off.”
He catches my wrists with a lazy smile. “You don’t want that.”
Don’t look at his eyes! It’s like he has some sort of spell over me every time we make eye contact.
“Yes, I do. Get off!” I push him as hard as I can. 
He steps back from the force of my shove but isn’t caught off balance. “Willow,” he says with a sigh. “This will be so much easier if you just realize why you’re here. We all have our parts to play and this is yours.”
I scramble to my feet. “What is mine exactly? To let you trick me into kissing you, to let you take advantage of me? Sounds like my part’s a load of shit‒”
“Willow.” He props his hands on his hips, muscles bulging against his dark T-shirt. “I didn’t trick you into kissing me. Not the first time.” He smiles. “Or the second.”
He’s right. Even when my head is clear, it’s hard not to notice the attraction between us. 
“You’re doing something to me. Your eyes‒they‒” I shake my head. How do I explain this? 
“It’s part of who I am,” Logan says, his voice soothing. “Now you just have to come to terms with who you are.”
“Who am I?”
“A witch,” he says simply. He captures one of my hands in his, fingers tracing across my knuckles. 
“Logan,” I warn, my voice low. His hand tightens on mine instead of letting go. “Tell me why you brought me here.”
“I need you‒”
“You already said that.”
“I need you,” he says again, eyes dark, cast down at our hands, “to be here for the full moon. And then I need you to do a spell for me.”
My mouth pops open. “A spell?”
“You’re a witch, remember? Your kind does a spell and my kind gets to be who we’re meant to be. It’s as simple as that.”
“It doesn’t sound simple at all‒”
He puts his hand over my mouth. “Let’s not talk about this now. Let me show you around.”
“Seriously? I’m not staying here. Logan, you need to let me go.”
He ignores me, pulling on my hand. “You’ll like the house.”
“You’re not going to get away with this. My stuff is still at the motel. People will be looking for me‒”
He laughs. “I doubt it. I’ll head over there and pick up your stuff soon. I’ve got to take care of your car, too. They’re expecting you to check out tomorrow anyway, right?”
My gaze snaps to his. “How did you know?”
“You seemed a little tense earlier. And then you blew me off‒”
“I did not blow you off.”
He stops at the door, his free hand on the knob. “You were hiding something from me. And I figured out what. You were going to leave before the full moon. Now I’m just going to make it look like you left a little earlier. Should make the others happy.”
“What others?”
“The ones that actually want you gone.”
He opens the door, keeping me firmly in tow. 
“Logan, just tell me‒”
“No,” he snaps, voice close to a growl. “That’s enough. You’re staying here, end of discussion.”
I blow out a shaky breath, trying to ease my hand from his tight grip. He loosens his hold, flipping my hand over and bringing it to his cheek. He closes his eyes briefly before saying, “You aren’t going to believe how much power you’ll have access to once we get through the full moon. And if you give it chance, I think you might like it.”
I choke on disbelief, but I keep my mouth shut. He’s delusional if he thinks kidnapping me is going to make me want to help him. But the more I go along with his plan, the more time I have to figure out how to get out of here.
“Okay,” I say quietly. “Show me your house.”
“Good.”
His shoulders relax and he keeps my hand in his while we walk down the hallway. He points out other bedrooms but doesn’t spend much time upstairs. When we reach the main level, I’m surprised at how comfortable the house is. It looks lived in but old, with antiques expertly placed, the wood of the flooring and the doors rich and solid. 
“This is your house?” I ask, unbelieving.
“My family’s house, yes. But it’s just me here now. It’s‒”
He breaks off and walks me across the entryway to a room with a closed door. We pass the front door and I pretend I don’t even notice, though I’m well aware this might be one way to escape his house. I have no idea where my bag is, or my cell phone. But maybe if I can get him to believe I plan on staying, I’ll have time to find it before tomorrow night.
“It’s what?” I ask, turning to him. 
He props his shoulder on the wood paneling outside the closed door. “It’s nothing.”
I urge myself to step closer, to force compassion into my eyes. “Family stuff?”
He nods. “Family stuff.” He reaches to cup my chin. “You’re really beautiful, you know that?”
He doesn’t wait for an answer before sliding his lips across mine. I can’t help the spark of need, that desire for physical contact I haven’t had in a while. It’s been too long since I’ve been able to open myself up to someone else. 
For some reason, the flames don’t seem to get too out of control with Logan. At least not yet. How can I still be so attracted to him knowing what he is? And after what he’s done?
Logan eases back. “You’ll come around. There are a lot of great things we can do if we work together.”
Somehow I get the impression his idea of great things and mine are very different.
“What’s inside?” I ask, pointing to the door.
“Ahh…” He opens it and lets me go in before him. “The library.”
I stop a few feet in and gape. There are books everywhere, lined shelf after shelf higher than my head. There’s even a second story with a winding staircase that leads to a balcony. 
Logan smiles. “I thought an avid researcher like yourself would appreciate this.” He points to one shelf. “Classics, of course. And some of my favorites. But a lot of the rest of these are history and geography. Family journals, notebooks, and all about our bloodline.”
A vampire bloodline?
“Are your parents…or the rest of your family like you?” I ask.
“You mean devastatingly handsome and charming?”
“You know what I mean.”
He walks to the window and puts his hands in his pockets. “We are the oldest family in Shadow Hill. Our bloodline stretches back for over a century.” When he turns, his lips are pressed together tightly, fire flashing in his eyes. “It stretches back almost as long as the curse.”
“What curse?”
He strolls toward me. “The one you’re here to break.”
I shake my head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I can’t break a curse‒”
“You can and you will.” Suddenly he’s in front of me, fingers gripping my jaw. “I brought your mother’s Book of Shadows and I’ll bring you whatever else you need. But, Willow, you’re not leaving until you break that curse.”




Chapter 10

I drop my head into my heads. Logan left me with my mother’s book, another journal he said I might need, and closed the library door. 
He doesn’t even care that I know nothing about magic or spells or curses. I barely know about my family history. Before the last few months, I didn’t know how I could make fire appear, but I didn’t for one second believe it was because I had magical powers.
I stand from the table near the window and peer outside. The grounds are immaculate and welcoming. If I wasn’t being held captive here, I might actually enjoy touring the place. 
It’s already early evening, with the sun sinking closer to the horizon. I have to figure out how to get out of here soon.
My eyes stray to the library door. I didn’t hear a lock or anything, which means he trusts me for now. Maybe if I’m quiet enough, I can get out. Maybe I can find an exit‒or a phone. 
On the table behind me, the Book of Shadows starts fluttering again. I walk over as it stills, falling open on a page that says, Commune Without Being Present.
It goes on to explain how to contact or try to communicate with someone who isn’t in the same room‒or even the same state‒as you. It’s followed by a section on astral projection. My eyes race across the necessary tools and find they’re relatively simple. To communicate with someone who isn’t present, all you need is an item of theirs. 
And being a witch doesn’t hurt.
I fumble in my pocket. My hand collides first with the necklace and then with the business card Ryan gave me.
I hear the sound of footsteps outside the door and freeze. I wait for Logan to come in, but the footsteps start again and move away. Taking a quick breath, I grab the Book of Shadows and tuck it close to my chest. Then I creep to the door and twist the handle quietly.
It squeaks when it opens and I wince, waiting for Logan to come running. But nothing happens. My heart races in my chest, but I make myself step out. I’m only a hallway from the front door. From freedom.
I swallow and take measured steps in that direction, grateful I wore sneakers today. 
When the door is in view, I make myself go slow in case Logan appears. My hand closes over the handle. I twist and pull, but nothing happens. I pull it again, but the door doesn’t budge. I fiddle with the locks but can’t seem to make anything work. Frantic, I yank harder, nearly dropping the book.
“It’s bolted from the outside,” Logan says, voice close to my ear.
I whip around with a startled gasp. Clutching the book to my chest, I say, “I’ll talk to you about your spell. I promise. Just let me go.”
His dark eyes hold danger, his hands fisted at his sides. “I thought we already discussed this. I’ve been waiting a long time to get the original four families in town at the same time during a full moon. And you’re the Keeper of the Flame. I cannot let you go. It would behoove you to cooperate.”
“I am‒”
“Come on,” he says, curling his hand around my arm.
“No, Logan.” I can’t leave the door, I won’t get shut in somewhere I can’t get out of. I squirm, but his grip is too strong. “Stop. Please.”
“Willow, stop making this difficult.”
With a sudden burst of adrenaline, I rip my arm from him and swing the book at his head. He deflects it with his forearm, knocking it to the floor. Then he stoops down, grabs me around my thighs and hauls me over his shoulder. 
“No! Logan!” I pound my fists against his back. “Put me down.”
“I thought you’d understand, but it looks like we’re going to have to do one thing at a time.”
He hikes up the stairs. He doesn’t even get winded, just keeps going down the hall, past a few rooms he pointed out earlier and carries me into the same bedroom I woke in. He drops me on the bed, and before I can even start to get back up, he whips around.
“Willow, I need you calm down. Or else we’re going to have to do this the hard way.”
I glare at him, sliding to the edge of the bed. “You mean kidnapping me was the easy way?”
He runs a hand through his hair with a sigh. “I’d appreciate your smart ass comments more if you were working with me instead of against me.”
“I’ll work with you if you let me go.”
“Liar.”
“Logan, come on‒”
“I don’t have time for this.” He turns on his heel and walks out of the room, shutting the door before I can run to it. I hear a lock slide into place.
“Logan!” I bang my fists against the wood. 
His footsteps move away from the door and I put my forehead to the surface. Now I don’t even have my mother’s book. I’m prepared to look for a weapon when I hear Logan’s footsteps return.
I step from the door when the lock clicks. He walks in, a syringe in hand. “Now, be good and sit down.”
“What the hell is that?” And where’s a weapon when I need one?
“Something to help you calm down.” He moves toward me. “I need to get to town for a bit, and I can’t have you plotting your escape while I’m away. Besides that, you need to rest. Get some sleep tonight and then we can get to work on the spell tomorrow.”
I hold up a hand to ward him off. “I’ll get some rest. I promise. You don’t need to do anything.”
“Why don’t I believe you?”
Maybe because I just swung a book at his head. Maybe because I kneed him in the balls back at the car. But still, he’s a vampire felon‒it was justified.
“Sit down,” he says. 
“Logan.”
“Willow, stop trying to negotiate with me. You’ll feel better after this is done and we can get on with things.”
My heart bangs against my chest when he advances on me, taking my arm and trying to get me to sit on the bed. I swing at the syringe, but he catches my wrist. He moves too fast for me to stop him, pinning my arms above my head with a steel grip, and pressing his legs against mine.
“Just one minute.” He poises the needle over my arm. “Don’t tense up, it’ll hurt more.”
“Logan,” I choke out. “Please, I don’t even know what’s going on.”
Something about my words or in my voice makes him pause. A muscle works in his jaw before he says, “About what?”
“The full moon. Why I have to be here, in Shadow Hill.”
He doesn’t loosen his grip, but he does let the syringe hang by his side. “I figured as much. Your mom thought she was keeping you safe, but really she was just letting you sit in the dark. There’s a lot you need to know, Willow, and there will be time to learn it all.”
“Then tell me,” I say, unable to stop my gaze from straying to the needle. 
“Soon enough.” He lifts the needle again. “Maybe you should close your eyes or look away or something.”
“No, Logan‒”
The metal touches my arm. 
Then flames erupt. His sleeve is on fire and he straightens, jerking his arm back and forth. He growls something I can’t make out, jabs me with the needle and then releases me.
I scoot back on the bed as he tries to put the flames out. I’m so surprised I’d conjured the fire, I forget for a minute I should be running.
I slide off the bed and my knees give out. Clutching the bedpost for support, my gaze is drawn by the blur of flame as Logan pats his arm. My feet don’t want to move, but I force them to take steps to the door. The room swims around me and I sway. The door feels like it’s miles away.
“Willow,” Logan says. He’s in front of me now, surprisingly unharmed. His eyes are like midnight and his jaw is tight. “That was impressive but useless. Save your power for later.”
My mouth won’t form the words I want it to. Screw off. That’s what I want to say. But my body goes boneless and I start to fall. 
Logan catches me smoothly as the corners of my vision get hazy. He lifts me easily and carries me to the bed again. When he sets me down, he reaches to my feet. He’s gentle when he takes off my shoes and pulls the covers over me.
As I drift into unconsciousness, I hear him say, “See you tomorrow.” 
~ ~ ~
When I wake again, the room is alight from the sun. I squint and then blink a few times while the room comes into focus. It’s morning. 
Which means I slept the whole night. Today is Sunday.
And tonight is the full moon.
This realization is enough to get me to my feet. I steady myself with the bedpost before walking to the bathroom and splashing water on my face. When I look at my reflection, I see hair tumbling wildly in thick waves, reaching halfway down my back. There are a few scratches on my cheeks from racing through the woods and being attacked by branches. And there’s a bruise on my arm from the needle.
When I get out of here, Logan is going down.
I turn from the mirror. Now I have to figure out how to get out of here.
I check the door just in case but find it’s still locked. I listen for several moments, but don’t hear anything outside or downstairs. Either Logan isn’t home or he’s being his usual stealthy self.
Blowing out a breath, I sit at the chaise lounge near the window, searching my brain for something‒anything‒to help. The book isn’t up here. But…
I remember the last thing I read in it. A spell to contact someone. I fumble in my pocket and pull out the business card Ryan gave me. My stomach swirls with relief and worry at the same time. This is my chance to get help, but I have no idea if it’ll work.
Cupping my hands around the card, I picture Ryan. His gray eyes and the spray of stubble on his jaw. I picture him sitting at the table in his kitchen, eating breakfast or reading the paper. 
My body feels like it’s yanked from Logan’s home and dropped into Ryan’s kitchen. I’m so close to the table, I wobble and try not to fall over. I swivel, looking around. 
I’m in Ryan’s house. But he’s not in the kitchen. Taking a steadying breath, I leave the kitchen and search the hall. Then the living room. And then upstairs. He’s nowhere to be found. I jog back downstairs, feeling light and quick, and reach for the curtain at the front window.
My hands are transparent, and I can see right through them. “Holy shit,” I whisper.
Then I force myself to focus, trying to peer through the window since I can’t move the curtains.
I don’t see Ryan’s truck outside. Which means he might have already left to meet me. Now what?
It takes me a minute to figure out how to leave Ryan’s house, but then I just picture Logan’s bedroom and I feel like I’m floating away from my place by the door. When I open my eyes, I’m sitting on the lounge chair again.
I exhale. It worked. I didn’t find Ryan, but it worked.
The business card is still curled in my hand, so I concentrate on it again, this time picturing Ryan himself. I need to find him, and if he’s at my motel, he’s about to figure out I’m not there.
When my body floats to him, I discover he’s parking his car outside the motel. I’m in the passenger seat, and I turn to him, hoping he can see me.
He doesn’t even glance my way, just puts the truck in gear and hops out. Crap. I reach for the handle, but my fingers go right through it. I watch as Ryan looks around, probably for my car, and frowns. He looks up to the second floor and then jogs to my room. He bangs on the door, loud enough for me to hear from inside his car. When I don’t answer, he swears and bangs again. Finally, he gives up and jogs down the stairs, heading for the office. 
I try the handle once more. My fingers nudge the metal, and I straighten. Maybe I can get this to work. Before I can wrap my entire hand around the handle, Ryan comes out of the office. He looks confused, like he might really believe I left last night.
When he hops in the car again, I say his name.
He pauses, key in the ignition. I reach out and brush his arm with my fingertips, grateful when I make the connection. His head whips in my direction. His eyes widen and I know he can see me.
“What the hell?”
“Ryan. I need help.”
He reaches out, hand going through my arm, and jerks back. “Willow…what’s going on?”
“Help,” I say, struggling with speaking. I don’t know why it’s hard for me to tell him. It’s like my voice isn’t strong enough. “I’m still in Shadow Hill.”
I feel my body waver, like it’s trying to pull away.
“Willow.” Ryan reaches for me again. He looks worried now. “Where are you? How are you doing this?”
I open my mouth to speak, to tell him I’m at Logan’s, but I’m whisked away, vanishing from his car and opening my eyes to the bedroom. There’s a sound at the door, like someone undoing the lock. My heart races and I quickly stuff the card in my back pocket before the door opens.
And when it does, Logan’s standing there with a lazy grin.



Chapter 11

“Morning,” he says, strolling inside. 
I don’t try to run for it. He’ll be expecting it now. No, now I have to bide my time. I’ll wait until later when he thinks he’s won. And then I’ll try to contact Ryan again. I’ll tell him where I am, that Logan is behind it all, and figure out how to get out of here.
The necklace is still in my pocket. If Selena gave it to me, maybe it can help somehow.
So I grit my teeth and try to figure out how to be nice to Logan when all I want to do is kick him in the groin. When he closes the door behind him, I fold my arms. 
His hair is mussed at the top, as though he’s either just gotten up or run his hands through it a dozen times. But he looks rested, even upbeat. 
“Is this your bedroom?” I ask.
He nods. “I figured if I was going to keep you here, I should at least give you the best accommodations.”
“You’re so thoughtful.”
Logan laughs and walks to me. “That’s what I like about you, Willow. Sarcasm even in the midst of a bad situation. You and I are more alike than you think.”
“Hmm, doubtful. Am I vampire? No. Have I ever kidnapped anyone?” I tilt my head like I’m really thinking about it. “No. Do I have an evil plan to take over the entire town of Shadow Hill? Going to have to go with no on that one, too.”
He chuckles. “Feisty. I like it. My plan isn’t evil. My motives are not as bad as you think. Besides, it’s putting things back to how they’re supposed to be. You should want that, too. Our bloodline wasn’t the only one who suffered. Yours did, too.”
“What?”
“The curse diluted everyone’s powers and made us less than what we really are. You’re more powerful than you think, Willow. And after tonight, I’m willing to bet you’ll feel all that power inside of you. You’ll be able to do things you never thought you could do.”
Like control the fire. Control the thing keeping me from getting close to anyone. I swallow and push the idea aside. I can’t think like that. If Logan gets all his power back, who knows what he’ll do? And what about any other paranormal being around here? Cheyenne. Does that mean she’ll be more powerful, too?
If she was trying to get me to leave as well, she clearly doesn’t want that power.
And neither do I. Do I?
Logan takes another step closer and crouches in front of me. “See? You’re thinking about it. You’ve seen some of that power with the fire you can conjure. Imagine if it were ten times that.” He reaches out, touching my knee. “One hundred times that.”
I swat his hand away. “If my mom and other families in this town have been trying to keep the curse intact for so long, it seems to me there’s a reason for it.”
“They’re scared. They’re weak.” He meets my eyes, dark irises around the pupils. “We’re not.”
“You’re the only one who wants this curse broken. Doesn’t sound like a curse to me, more like a spell to keep the peace.”
A muscle works in his jaw like he’s trying to be patient with me. “You wouldn’t say that if you knew the whole story.”
“Then tell me,” I say. “Tell me everything.”
He stands abruptly and holds out his hand. “I made breakfast. Come on.”
I frown and ignore his hand, but I stand and nod. “I’m hungry.”
“Good.” 
He leads the way to the door and I follow, searching for another exit besides the front door. 
“I hope you slept well,” he says, guiding us to the stairs.
“I didn’t have much choice.”
Logan glances over his shoulder. “Sorry about that.” He doesn’t look sorry at all. “It was necessary. And you’ll be happy to know I brought your bags so you’ll have a change of clothes and anything else you’ll need.”
“Like my cell phone?”
He smiles at the bottom of the stairs. “Not that.”
When I walk by, he touches the small of my back, sending tingling swirls all over. I turn around and point my finger at him. “Stop.”
Logan catches my wrist, pulling me to him faster than I can take a breath. “Willow,” he says, cupping my cheek. His gaze captures mine, a dark void that makes me feel like I’m falling. 
I find my voice. “Don’t do that to me, Logan.”
“Do what?” he asks softly.
“That thing with your eyes. You’re trying to…” I shake my head and pull my eyes away. I focus on the collar of his shirt, well aware I’m still trapped in his embrace. “You’re trying to influence me.”
He breathing is slow and even, his chest rising and falling against mine. We’re not even looking at each other and there’s still a spark of electricity.
“Look at me,” he says.
“No.”
Logan puts his finger under my chin and guides my face up. My eyes flash to his, but I don’t see anything dark there. His eyes are actually a nice shade of deep blue‒not the almost midnight black from earlier. They’re calming but not in a way that makes me feel like I have no control over my thoughts or my body.
“I want you to kiss me,” he says.
“Logan‒”
“No, listen. I want you to kiss me, and I don’t want to influence you to do it.” He leans in, lips brushing my cheek as he whispers in my ear. “No tricks, no spells, no mind control. Just you and me‒and how badly we want each other.”
He closes the rest of the gap between us, arms tight around me and lips trailing down my neck.
I arch back, letting him continue his kisses across my collarbone. He’s not influencing me, I can tell. And I still can’t form the words to tell him to stop. 
“I want you,” Logan says thickly. His hands find their way under my shirt, hiking it up so it rises over my stomach, and then higher. “Willow.”
When I press against him, I can feel the heat from his jeans, the hardness there. I want him, too. I want my hands all over him. 
One of Logan’s hands reaches behind me, cupping my butt. I freeze. Ryan’s card is in there. I can’t let him find that just in case I need it. I press my palms on Logan’s chest. 
“No, Logan. I can’t do this.”
He looks at me, eyes cloudy with desire. I’m still throbbing with need, but this isn’t right. I’m not supposed to be here. His grip loosens and I step back.
I hit the wall and stay there a minute. He props his hand next to my head, looking at his shoes. His breathing is heavy and I wait while he composes himself. When he looks up, his expression is pained.
“Okay,” he says, straightening. “It’s your call. I can be patient. Maybe we should have breakfast.”
I nod. Breakfast is good. Normal. 
He walks to the kitchen and I follow. Inside, the windows are tall and wide, lighting the space and giving us a nice view of a well-manicured lawn and healthy hedges. There’s a wide island with stools lined on one side, and a table in a nook. It’s loaded with a spread of food that makes my stomach rumble.
Logan laughs and gestures to a chair. “Have a seat.”
“You made all this?” I ask, surprised. I settle in a chair that gives me a view of the outside, a place I hope I’ll see before this day is over.
He sits across from me. “I was up early.”
“I didn’t know you were so…domestic.”
This makes him smile. He pours orange juice in my glass. “There’s a lot about me you don’t know, Willow. I hope you’ll take the time to find out.”
I ignore the comment. The only thing I want to find is a way out of his house. But I hate that something this simple, this normal, intrigued me for a minute. That there might be something good, or at least ordinary and comforting, about Logan. 
We scoop food onto our plates and I silently plot when I’m going to be able to try to reach Ryan again. If I can’t, I have to find a way out of here by myself, and that’s not going to be easy. Unless Logan will give me some space.
I clear my throat. “I’d like to see the journals again. From the library. And my mother’s book.”
His eyes narrow. “What for?”
“So I can learn more about the spell and the curse. I don’t want to…work toward something if I don’t know what it is.”
He spears a piece of cantaloupe and points his fork at me. “You don’t really have a choice. You’re doing this spell for me.”
He pops the fruit into his mouth as I frown. Just as I thought he might be a halfway decent human being, he reminds me he’s not. He’s a monster. 
I clench my hand hard on the fork and stab the fluffy scrambled eggs, which are surprisingly good considering they’re made by a vampire. “Still,” I say, keeping my voice even, “I’m going to need to see the books to do the spell.”
“You’re a little unpredictable, so that might not be a good idea.” He nods when I stare at him. “I can see the wheels turning in your head. You’re plotting how to get out of here right now. Maybe we should wait on the spell book.”
I have a better chance of getting out of here from the library than from his bedroom, so I have to keep trying.
“Maybe I…” I shrug, biting into my toast.
“Maybe you what?”
“Maybe I could take a shower and get cleaned up, and it’ll give you time to figure out what I’m supposed to do here all day.”
“A shower.” He grins. “That sounds like a great idea.”
“Alone,” I say.
“Not quite as much fun.” But then he shrugs, giving in, and I’m hit with another flicker of surprise. “You’re welcome to use the shower whenever you’re ready.”
“Thanks.”
It’ll be the perfect opportunity to try to reach Ryan again. When I’m behind a closed door, pretending to take a long, warm shower. Alone.
I stand, eager to make my next move. 
“You don’t want any more breakfast?” He stops with his fork halfway to his mouth. He gestures to the seat I just vacated. “You should have more. You need your energy if you want to go over those spells.”
He’s going to let me see the books? I sit at the table again. Might as well humor him until I can get what I want.
~ ~ ~
Upstairs in Logan’s bathroom, I turn on the shower, both heads in the large space spraying hot water. There are towels folded on the counter and some of the toiletries he’d retrieved from my bag at the hotel.
If Logan weren’t such a lunatic, I’d be dying of happiness in his house right now. The breakfast was wonderful, the house gorgeous, and the shower bigger than the entire bathroom back at the motel.
But instead of getting in, I sit on a nearby stool and pull Ryan’s card out of my pocket. It’s crinkled from the last time I used it, and I close my eyes, trying to focus my energy. I have no idea where Ryan is now, so I picture his car again. I find it parked along Main Street, and appear in the passenger seat once more. 
He’s not in here with me. I spin around in the seat, looking at a dozen stores around me. Where is he? I can’t just go wandering around‒other people might see me. It’ll look like a ghost is traveling the downtown streets.
My eyes freeze on the library. He could be in there. 
I blow out a breath and focus on the building, picturing myself inside, in the back room where I set the book on fire. And all the sudden I’m there.
And it’s dark.
There’s only dim light coming from the front of the building. I listen for sounds as I walk in that direction but don’t hear anything. When I find the desk at front, no one is there. The door is closed and it doesn’t look like anyone has been in all day.
Maybe Cheyenne doesn’t open the library on Sundays. Or maybe she’s helping Ryan find me.
I bring myself back to the bathroom. I can’t check every single store on Main Street. And if I picture Ryan instead of his truck, I might show up across the booth from him in a very busy diner or something. That wouldn’t be good.
With a sigh, I strip off my clothes and get into the shower. The water burns on a few cuts and scrapes I have from running through the forest, but it feels heavenly. I take my time scrubbing my hair and soaking up the heat. I try not to think of how Logan’s been in this same shower. How his eyes are so hungry when they meet mine. And how it’s such a bad idea for me to be around him when part of me wants to kill him and part of me wants to ravish him.
When I step out, I wrap a towel around my head and one around my body. I leave the bathroom, prepared to find my bag and get some fresh clothes when I see Logan standing just inside the doorway.
I yank in a breath, clasping my hand at the top of the towel over my chest. “What are you doing in here?”
“You were taking a long time. I wanted to make sure everything was okay.”
“You mean, you wanted to make sure I wasn’t trying to escape.”
His smile is dangerous. “Maybe that’s part of it. You…” He shakes his head, eyes raking my body. They sweep all the way down my legs before shooting back up to my eyes. “You don’t make it easy for me to keep my distance.”
I harden my jaw. “Try.”
He doesn’t. Instead, he strolls forward. I hold my ground and this seems to amuse him. “I don’t want to,” he says, voice low and deep.
“Logan.” I hold out a hand, pressing it against his chest in an effort to get him to stop. “You said you wouldn’t do anything‒you wouldn’t influence me.”
“I’m not,” he murmurs, curling his fingers around my wrist. He brings my fingertips to his lips, kissing each one. “Take off your towel.”
My heart shoots straight into my ribcage, and my stomach clenches. “Logan.”
“I meant this,” he says, unwinding the towel from my head. He tosses it on the bed.
My hair is long and wavy, spilling over my shoulders and dripping water down my shoulders. 
He smiles. “That’s better.”
He runs his fingers through the ends and my knees shake. He’s barely even touching me and I can hardly stand up. My body throbs with need, hands aching to grab him and take everything.
Logan steps back and I exhale. 
“I told you I can be patient.” He walks to the door. “So I will. Why don’t you finish up and meet me downstairs?”
I make myself nod, and watch as he leaves the room. I curl my fingers around the towel still on my body and swallow. I was practically ready to throw myself at him. And he was right, he wasn’t doing anything.
Just standing there, dark hair, sexy, all man. And my knees quiver.
Frowning at myself, I get dressed quickly and tell myself to keep calm. I have a plan. And as soon as Logan will let me carry it out, I will. 



Chapter 12

Logan waits for me at the bottom of the stairs. When he sees me, he says, “Let’s go for a walk.”
Not in my plans. I need to be alone so I can find Ryan. But I don’t want Logan to get suspicious, so I smile and nod.
“Good.” 
He takes my hand before I can stop him and guides me to the kitchen. We exit through a side door made of glass‒a great place to escape if I need to‒and walk to the gardens. 
“My great-great-grandparents built this place,” Logan says, strolling next to me with easy strides. “They were in love, so I hear. So deep in love, in fact, that when my great-great-grandfather, the first Meyer in Shadow Hill was injured in war, my great-great-grandmother did a spell to save him. She was a witch.” He looks over with a smile. “Like you.”
“What did the spell do?” I can’t fathom that much power. Sometimes it’s all I can do to get through the day without setting anything on fire.
“It brought him back from the dead,” Logan says. He turns us toward the trees on the side of the property, my hand still firm and warm in his. “But not without consequences.”
“He became a vampire.”
Logan glances over with a slight nod. “He became a vampire. If that’s what you want to call it.”
“What would you call it?” I ask.
“It’s complicated.” He stops, curls his arm around my waist and turns his lips to my neck. “If you want to know if we…bite…” I shiver when his mouth touches just below my earlobe. “The answer is yes. If you want to know if we can be out in the sunlight.” He tips his gaze to the sky, which is only partially clouded over. “The answer is yes.”
“Garlic?” I ask quietly when he kisses my neck again.
“You mean is it lethal? No. But good on pizza, which I’m making for an early dinner.”
“I don’t…” I push at his chest. “I can’t concentrate when you do that.”
“That’s the point.” But he steps away. “Do you want to go back?”
I nod. He takes my hand again and leads me to the house. Inside, he says, “We can look at those books now.”
I release my breath, grateful. But when we get to the library, he doesn’t leave me alone. He lingers, pacing by the window with his hands behind his back. It’s hard to focus. I don’t know what else to do besides somehow conjure fire, which I’m not sure I know how to do without getting upset, or get Logan out of here so I can try to find Ryan again.
“You don’t have to wait in here with me,” I say, my voice sounding loud and awkward in the large room.
He strolls over, hands behind his back, and ignores my comment. He stops at a shelf near the table I’m sitting at and pulls down an old book. “Try this one.”
I take it from him, pushing the Book of Shadows aside. I have no idea how I’m supposed to hunt down some old spell that cursed Logan’s bloodline and all the other paranormal bloodlines in this town, so I might as well start with history.
For a while, I can hear Logan walking back and forth behind me as I read, but then I get so lost in the journal, I tune it out. 
Once Logan’s great-great-grandmother, Ruby, did the spell that turned her husband into a vampire, she was shunned by the witch community. The vampires were also pitted as immediate enemies against the other paranormal groups already living in the area. Werewolves. 
I think about Cheyenne and wonder if Logan knows who she really is. Or what Ryan really is. But I’m afraid to mention it to Logan, even to get answers. I don’t want to clue him in that I might have outside help. 
After Ruby was ostracized by her kind, all the witches including my ancestor Selena, she gave into the dark side and became a vampire like her husband. 
I look up and find Logan leaning against the same shelf, watching me. 
“What happened?” I ask. He angles his head. “With your great-great grandparents? Are they…still alive?”
He shakes his head.
“So you…your kind…” I fumble with my question and look down at the journal. “You can’t live forever? Is that just a myth?”
He pushes away from the shelf and sits in the chair across from me. “It’s not just a myth. But that’s not how things are now. Not after the curse.” He rubs a hand along his jaw, eyes thoughtful. “Our abilities…the benefits of being what we are, they’re dulled. In some respects even non-existent.”
“So you’re not, you know‒”
“Immortal?” He smiles. “Will it make you happy if I say no?”
I give a wry grin. “Maybe.”
His laughter bounds off the high ceiling. “But I still get the perks.”
“What are those?”
“You want me to tell you all my secrets?”
I lean in, my lips curving. “Come on, Logan. You know way more about me than I know about you.”
He copies my motion, stopping when our lips are just inches apart. “There’s so much more I want to know.”
“Why do you always do that?”
“What?”
I frown. “Dodge my questions? You’re not giving me much here, for someone who wants a hell of a lot in return.”
Logan considers this for a long moment, then says, “I can heal quicker than normal.”
“Really?”
“Really.” 
That’s good information to know. Then he takes it a step further with a grin.
“That means I have certain, uh…powers of rejuvenation.” His tone is suggestive. “If you know what I mean.”
And I can’t help but see a flash of him shirtless, muscles toned and strong. Or think of him covering my naked body with his, fingers racing like fire over my skin. Filling me with everything he is. Over and over again. 
My throat dries. 
“I think we need to take a break,” Logan says, tapping the journal. “From reading.”
I glance at my watch. It’s already early afternoon. I don’t have much time, especially not if Logan wants to spend the entire day in the library with me. 
I wave him off. “You go ahead. I’m going to keep reading.”
But he won’t give up. He grabs my hand and hauls me to my feet, pulling me to the kitchen where he actually makes pizza dough while I sip a soda and watch him with a mixture of concern and amazement.
“I have to let it rise,” he says, dropping the ball of dough into a deep bowl. He runs a thin white towel under the water at the sink before settling it over the top of the bowl. “That way I can make dinner for us in a few hours.”
I’m still torn between amazement and concern. I can’t believe he’s making homemade dough for our pizza. I also can’t get past the fact I have so little time to get out of here. The full moon is tonight. How long do I have? All the way until midnight? Or not even that long?
“You…” I shake my head. “How old are you again?”
He laughs. “I’m legal.”
But he seems a lot worldlier than someone his age should. “Where did you learn to cook?”
Logan looks away. “My sister.”
I shift on the stool at the counter. “You have a sister?”
“And a brother.” He comes around to the other side of the island where I sit. He puts his hands on either side of me, trapping me against the counter. “It’s no fun talking about family. Let’s do something else.”
His boyish grin reminds me that he is, indeed, just a young guy, close to my age. And we both have so much of our lives ahead of us. So what does he need this spell for really? So he can be a vampire‒a true vampire like his great-great-grandparents? Or is that even how it works?
But I can’t forget the fact he seems to be hiding something. Even Logan Meyer has skeletons in his closet‒or at least secrets‒that he doesn’t want others to know.
“We should be figuring out the spell, right?” I ask.
He sighs like I’m way too serious, but shadows me back to the library, where he hands me more history books. It seems like he’s trying to stop me from reading the Book of Shadows for now. Maybe that’s a smart move on his part since I’ve already figured out how to contact Ryan once. 
But Logan can’t know that, can he? Or does he suspect something, and that’s why he’s following me so closely, not leaving my side?
When he decides to make dinner, he drags me along with him, setting me down with a beer and ingredients and telling me to decorate my own pizza. Even as my mind is whirling with ways to get out of here, I’m drawn into a conversation with him. I’m drawn to his laughter as we work together to make dinner.
“Here,” Logan says, sliding me another beer when I finish mine. 
I shake my head. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Why? It’s not like you’re going anywhere.”
Asshole. Of course he’d have to go and mention that. That I’m stuck here and I have no control over it. 
Outside the window, the sun is nearing the horizon. It’s after seven. I bet if he thinks he can get us through dinner and into the evening, possibly to bed for the night, he’s home free. I cannot let that happen.
I stand from the counter, brushing my hands on my jeans.
“What are you doing?” he asks. “You didn’t finish eating.”
“I have to use the restroom.”
“Oh.” His shoulders relax, and he nods his head to the hallway. “Out here.”
Logan opens the door to a small powder room, with only a toilet and a sink. The walls are papered in deep burgundy with gold swirls.
I flash him a smile, step inside, and close the door. I wait for his footsteps to go away, and then sit on the closed lid of the toilet with Ryan’s card. I don’t care anymore if I pop up in the middle of a bar somewhere in front of a thousand people, I need to get to him. He’s the only one I know here that can help.
Picturing Ryan’s face, the day’s worth of stubble at his jaw, I wait. It takes a moment but suddenly, I’m whisked to his house. I sigh in relief when I realize where I am, and I slump against the front door when I see Ryan slipping into a jacket.
When he turns and sees me, he freezes. His breath whooshes out. “Willow.”
“Ryan,” I whisper.
He strides forward, reaching for my shoulders, and I’m surprised when his hands connect. They’re warm and strong. 
He’s surprised too, and even more so when I collapse into his arms, clinging to him with all the strength my incorporeal body has. My powers must be getting stronger already.
Ryan’s hand traces down my hair, the other around my waist, holding me close. “Where are you?” he murmurs.
I pull back, looking up into his eyes. “Logan’s house.”
He nods. “I figured.”
“Can you help me? I’m stuck there, he won’t leave me alone.”
My body wavers, going from solid to transparent. My hand slips through his arm and he glances down. Last time this happened it was because there was a noise or some kind of distraction where the original me was. 
“I have to hurry,” I say, my voice fading.
“Willow.” Ryan’s grasps for me again, but he can’t touch me anymore. “I can’t go on his property. It’s blocked from other paranormal beings. Can you get out?”
“I don’t know. Ryan, I can’t. Please‒”
“Stop. Willow.” His gaze holds mine. Steady. “You can do this.”
“Can’t you leave? Leave Shadow Hill for tonight so we’re not all here?”
He shakes his head. “That’s not how it works. You have to get out.”
“I can’t. He won’t leave me alone‒”
“You’re resourceful. You can do this. Willow, look at me. You. Can. Do. This.” He nods. “You have to.”
I reach out, trying to make that connection again, but I’m jerked away. I land back in the bathroom. I hear footsteps out in the hallway and hurry to flush the toilet. While I wash my hands in the sink, I even my breathing and search my brain for a solution. I have to get out of here.
How am I going to get past Logan? Trick him? And how do I do that?
After drying my hands, I walk back to the kitchen where Logan is waiting. He lifts his eyebrows at me as if to say, Everything go all right in there?
“I’m curious about who did the initial spell‒curse,” I say. “If I knew who did it, something they used or what kind of spell it was, I’d be able to figure out more. I’d know what I’m supposed to‒”
“Why are you so eager to figure this out all the sudden?”
I avoid his gaze by walking back to the hallway. He follows me all the way to the library and catches my elbow at the door. 
“Willow.”
I turn around. “I don’t want to be stuck in your house forever, okay? As nice as it is, I have a life. I…” I try not to say anything that will make him angry or suspicious. “You’re going to let me go, right? After I do this for you?”
A muscle works in his jaw and he settles his hands on his hips. “You really think I’m the bad guy, don’t you? That I’m going to use you and then‒what? Dispose of you? Kill you maybe?”
Those words make me pale. I don’t think he wants to hurt me, but when he says those words out loud, it doesn’t make me feel better. 
I walk into the library, trailing my finger along the table I’ve been working at. When I spot the letter opener, shiny and pointed in a wooden box on the end, I straighten. 
Logan comes after me. “Listen, Willow. I’m not going to hurt you.”
When I turn around, I let my hand fumble over the surface of the table to grab the letter opener. He says he’s not going to hurt me, but I can’t say the same. I might have to hurt him.
“Do you believe me?” he asks, gripping my shoulders. His eyes are intense, starting to black out like they do when he’s trying to influence me. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
I dip my chin, staring at his shirt. “You shouldn’t try to make me believe that if it isn’t true.”
“No, I’m not‒” His jaw clenches and he grips my chin, lifting it so I meet his eyes. “I didn’t mean to, sometimes I can’t help it.” His eyes return to their usual shade of blue. His fingers soften, brushing over my cheek. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just need you to do this. You’re the only one who can.”
Oh, shit. He’s being nice‒he’s actually trying to comfort me, and now I have to go and ruin it. The letter opener is only inches away. All I have to do is grab it. And stab him.
“I believe you,” I whisper at the compelling look in his eyes.
“Good.”
He lingers, thumb brushing my cheekbone. He won’t kiss me. He won’t because he promised me, and I believed him. I still believe him because he’s holding back, making me lean in. 
My lips part. I can distract him this way. I can get under his defenses, and then I can escape.
I slide my hand over his shoulder and up to his neck. I grip his hair in the back and he yanks in a breath. But he still waits for me to make the first move.
With a moan, I fuse my lips to his. I can hardly draw a breath before he pulls me to him, hard, so the entire length of our bodies touch. 
“Willow,” he groans. His tongue mingles with mine, making desire shoot through me.
My hands clench on his shoulders, digging into his muscles. He grips my thighs and hikes them up, setting me on the table. Logan attacks my mouth again, lips like a fever against mine. He’s touching me everywhere, slipping his hands over my thighs and then running them up under my shirt.
I arch my back, chest pressing against his. I grip the bottom of his shirt and pull. He lifts his arms as I yank it over his head. His body is a feast, toned and strong and tan. My hands are like magnets to him, racing across his chest, and then down his abdomen.
And when he smiles at me, I almost forget the letter opener. I almost forget everything. 
Then I feel the fire building inside. 
Logan’s hands go for the button on my jeans, fingers dipping inside the material. 
“Logan,” I say, voice breathless.
“Hmm?” He’s focused, eyes on his task.
“Be careful.”
His hands freeze on my zipper. “What?”
I try to force my heartbeat to slow down, for the flames to subside. “I just…”
Realization dawns in his eyes. “This isn’t…” He props his hands against the desk on either side of me. “Are you a virgin?”
“No. No,” I say again, my voice coming out in a laugh. “It just‒didn’t go well for the other guy last time this happened.”
His eyebrows furrow. He doesn’t look angry. He doesn’t even look confused. Instead, he brushes my jaw with his knuckles. “What happened?”
“The fire,” I say simply. “He tried to force me and I…I couldn’t control it.”
Logan leans in. He sets his hand low my back and scoots me to him, so my legs are on either side of his hips. “I’m sorry.”
There’s unexpected tenderness in his voice, enough that I lower my chin to compose myself.
“You can’t hurt me like that,” he says. “It’s okay.”
“I caught you on fire pretty easily yesterday.” 
He smiles. “And I’m fine. See?”
He’s right. There’s no scarring or redness on his arm. I didn’t hurt him. At least not permanently.
Logan takes the hem of my shirt and pulls it up and over my head. His eyes dip to my breasts, covered by a simple black bra. He curls his finger under one strap and draws it off my shoulder. 
His lips make a slow path across my collarbone. I can feel the flames inside, but they’re only simmering. Almost as if the slower he goes, the less chance they have of coming out. I reach to unbutton his pants, and find the zipper. They ride low on his hips and I can see the definition in his abdomen all the way down.
He cups one breast, hiking down my bra so he can brush his thumb on the nipple. Then he takes it in his mouth, tongue flicking back and forth and pushing me closer to the brink. 
“Logan,” I gasp.
He reaches down and yanks on my jeans, leaning me back against the cool wood of the table. 
“I want you,” he whispers, fiddling with the lip of my underwear. Tugging it down just slightly. “I want you here. And upstairs. In the shower. Over and over again.”
His hands grip my wrists and pin them to the table. And then his mouth begins the slow descent down my neck, over my breasts, and to my stomach, where he lingers. The whisper of breath on my skin makes me shiver in ecstasy. 
“Tell me you want me,” Logan says. His lips brush the skin above my underwear.
“I want you,” I say. It’s true, I do.
But even as I say it, my hand moves to the letter opener. 
He eases my underwear down and his lips touch my center. When his tongue comes out, heat against heat, I arch my back, losing my grip on the letter opener. He splays his hands against my hips, tongue moving back and forth. 
It builds inside me, the heat and the fire, so fast I can’t stop it. 
Fire bursts on his shirt at the floor, and then on the jeans he’s still wearing.
“Shit!” Logan straightens, hands leaving my body.
I grab the letter opener and sit up. While Logan’s on fire, the temperature so fierce it singes my arms, I rear up. With both hands on the letter opener, I plunge the blade into his back. 



Chapter 13

A cry of anguish tears from his throat.
My body is still quaking from Logan’s lips against me and the roll of ecstasy he brought me.
And now there’s a blade protruding from his back.
He twists, trying to remove it, and I grab my jeans and shirt. His hand catches me and I yelp.
“No!”
When he growls and tries to stop me, I fumble into the pocket of my jeans, suddenly remembering the necklace. I whip it out and hold it in front of me.
Logan winces, tosses up his hands like I’m trying to shoot him. He groans in pain and sinks to his knees.
I race from the room. 
“Willow!” Logan yells.
I run faster, straight to the kitchen, my clothes still clutched at my chest. I yank on the handle of the back door and to my surprise, it opens. I burst out into the night, gasping when I see the moon already starting to rise in the dim evening.
I don’t stop to put my clothes on until I reach the gardens. I keep the necklace clutched in my hands and then listen. 
There’s no sound but the wind in the trees. Keeping to the bushes, I circle around, trying to reach the front of the house. I need a road, something to show me how to get away from here. 
Rustling in the trees to my right makes me gasp. Slapping my hand over my mouth to keep quiet, I listen for more noises. When nothing else sounds, I tell myself to calm down. It was just a rabbit or some other animal.
The chill of the night air seeps into my bones, penetrating my short sleeved shirt. I don’t even have shoes on. Just my socks on the forest floor. At least I’m quieter this way, though I have a feeling hearing might be one of the heightened abilities Logan possesses.
I run toward the front of the house in the cover of the trees. Farther out, I don’t know how far away on the road, I see headlights. They’re moving swiftly like someone is passing by. But at least there are people out there. I can flag someone down, or jump in front of their car if I have to.
My breath is coming out in short spurts, my heart is racing, and my feet keep crunching on twigs below me, but I’m almost to the road. I clutch the necklace to my chest, afraid to look behind me.
When I step in a hole, twisting my ankle, I cry out as I fall to the forest floor. I try to scramble to my feet, but someone grabs me around my waist.
I start to scream and a hand closes firmly over my mouth.
I’m ready to bite down when I hear a familiar voice in my ear. “Willow, stop. It’s me.”
When I whip around and see Ryan, I’m so grateful he’s here, I let out a sob. “Ryan.”
“Are you okay?” His gaze travels from my bare arms to my pants which I didn’t even take the time to button, and my shoeless feet. “What the hell?”
“I’m okay,” I choke out. “Please‒he’s coming.”
Ryan grips my arm, then shoots me an alarmed look when my step fumbles. “What is it?”
“I twisted my ankle. It’s fine, we have to go.”
He locks his arm around my waist and helps me run, guiding us toward the road. I see a mass of darkness in the distance. 
“Please tell me that’s your truck,” I pant.
“It is.”
There’s the sound of footsteps and branches cracking close behind us.
“No, Ryan‒”
“Hurry,” he says, hauling me forward so fast I can barely keep up. My ankle twinges with each step. 
We reach his car and he yanks the door open for me. I get in, my eyes racing through the darkness at the same time, searching for Logan. Once Ryan is on the other side, he shoves the keys in the ignition.
Before he can pull away, Logan wrenches my door open. His eyes are as black as the night and there’s blood on his bare chest. 
“No!” I scream, shoving the necklace in his direction. “Go, Ryan. Go!”
The stone from the necklace glints in the light of the full moon and Logan cringes. Ryan peels away from the side of the road and Logan can’t find a grip on the door before we’re racing from him. 
I catch the handle, hauling the door closed before we take another turn. My hair tangles around my cheeks and I exhale. My hands are shaking, still clutching the stone as though it’s a life preserver.
Ryan touches my knee, hand firm and warm. “You’re fine. You did good.”
“The moon is out,” I whisper. “Do we have time?”
“Take a breath,” he suggests. But his face is troubled. 
I see headlights behind us and whip around. “No, that’s not‒”
“I don’t think it’s him. Willow. Breathe.”
I try to, but my body won’t cooperate. I close my eyes tight against the image of the letter opener sinking into Logan’s upper back. I can still feel the way it buries into the muscle, and hear his growl of pain.
“I stabbed him,” I whisper, eyes still closed. “With a letter opener.”
Ryan doesn’t answer. When I look over, his gaze is glued to the road. We’re rushing along the pavement, making record time to the border.
I press my lips together tightly, forcing myself to calm down. I’m okay. I did what I had to do. And Logan will heal. I didn’t kill him, just hurt his shoulder. He’s a vampire. He’ll probably be fine by tomorrow.
When we screech around another corner, I grip the handle on the door. Up ahead I see the town welcome sign and remember driving past it on my way into Shadow Hill.
Ryan’s jaw is tight, determination flickering off his face from the light of the moon. It’s higher now, and bright and full, mocking us.
The tires screech on the asphalt when he stops. He throws his door open and I do the same, jumping out and meeting him at the front of the truck. 
“Do we still have time?”
He casts a quick glance to the moon. “I don’t know. We have to try.”
I nod, turning to the road again. Ready to try to leave Shadow Hill.
“Willow,” Ryan says.
I look back, and to my surprise, he brushes my cheek with his thumb. “Thank you.”
I swallow sudden emotion, overwhelmed with the entire night. I manage a nod before I walk away. 
“It’s just a few more feet,” Ryan says.
I wish I could see some sort of physical barrier or a mark that tells me when I’ve made it, but the road looks normal, shrouded in darkness. 
Another step. Then another.
When I take the final step, something slams into me. It feels like I’ve run into an electric fence. My entire body goes rigid, charged with thousands of volts of electricity.
Then I collapse.
“Shit.” Ryan races to me, careful to stay away from the invisible border. “Willow.”
My eyelids flicker. My whole body is buzzing, muscles useless. Then my breath stalls.
“Willow!” Ryan leans his mouth close to my ear. “Keep breathing. You can do it.”
I force myself to pull air into my lungs, even as it catches. My heart is stuttering and all I can do is lie there, stunned.
“There you go,” Ryan says. He glances around as if looking for something. “We need to get out of here.”
I clutch his arm and finally find words. “It didn’t work.”
Relief races across his face even as he curses. “No, it didn’t. Come on.”
He scoops me up into his arms. As much as I try to help him, to hold on, I can’t. My limbs are still charged and tingling and my muscles don’t want to function. “You’re fine,” he assures me. “I’ve got you.”
He settles me into his truck, tucking the seatbelt around me and giving my shoulder a squeeze before hopping in on the other side.
When he starts the truck, I feel my hands begin to function again. “I’m sorry,” I whisper.
He shakes his head. “It’s not your fault.”
“But…I didn’t get out. Why can’t you leave?”
“Only witches can travel outside the cursed area since they’re the originators of the spell.”
He’s still driving quickly, clearly trying to get away from something. Or to get to something. 
“Now what?” I ask, shifting in the seat, flexing my hands.
“We get somewhere safe.”
“I mean, now what I do about leaving? Try again tomorrow?”
He doesn’t answer.
My stomach clenches. “The next day?”
His hands tighten on the wheel. “No, this was your only chance.”
“What do you mean?”
“All four original families were inside the town border when the full moon came out. The first part of the reversal of the curse has been completed.”
“Meaning?”
He glances at me, eyes unreadable. “Meaning you’re stuck here now, too.”
~ ~ ~
I must have closed my eyes and dozed because when I open them again, the truck is stopped and Ryan’s opening my door. He reaches inside, unbuckling me and lifting me off the seat.
“I’m fine,” I say, my voice hoarse. 
He settles me to my feet, but doesn’t let go. “Let’s get inside.”
“Are we safe in there?” 
“Yes. How’s your ankle?”
I sigh. “It feels better.”
But still, he nearly lifts me off my feet in his rush to get me up the stairs. He fumbles with the lock and shoves the door open.
I step inside. “Is it true vampires can’t come in without being asked?” 
“It’s true.” He follows behind me and closes the door firmly. “Especially now that the first phase is complete.”
I guess that’s why Logan hadn’t come into my motel room the other night. He’d lingered at the doorway, kept asking to be invited in, but never stepped foot inside.
Ryan peers through the curtains before walking to the living room and closing the blinds. “You can stay here tonight.”
I look around the house I broke into only days ago. Now it’s home. At least for tonight. 
When Ryan comes back to the entryway, where I still stand, he stops and looks at me. “What is it?”
“Logan has all my stuff. My bag, my purse, my phone.” I look away. “My mother’s Book of Shadows.”
He doesn’t answer right away, like he doesn’t know how to respond. Finally, he says, “We can try to get it back.”
I nod numbly. It’s hard to process that everything really happened tonight.
“I think you should rest. I think‒hell, I think you need to see a doctor.” He shoves a hand through his hair while he glances to the door. He’s nervous or worried. “What you’ve been through tonight. Did he…” Ryan clears his throat, unable to meet my eyes. “Did he hurt you?”
“No.” I sigh. Logan was desperate for this to work, but ultimately he hadn’t done anything to harm me. “He didn’t hurt me.”
Ryan meets my eyes, searching for something more. I feel like he doesn’t believe me. “I think we should take you do a doctor.”
I laugh and it turns into a cough. My lungs don’t feel like they’re working properly still, but I don’t want to leave. Ryan said it’s safe here. I don’t want to risk running into Logan again, not after what I did to him.
“No doctor,” I say. “I just need some rest.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. If it’s not…okay for me to stay here, I can go somewhere else. Or‒”
“No, you’re staying here.” He rubs his hands over his face and then glances around. “Okay. Let’s get you set up. Can you get upstairs?”
I laugh again. “Yeah, I’m good.”
My legs feel heavy, but I trudge up after Ryan. He glances back several times with a frown, but I want to prove to him I can still be strong. I’m doing okay as long as I don’t think about his words from the car. I’m stuck here. I can’t leave Shadow Hill.
“I’ve got extra pillows,” Ryan says, pausing at a closet in the hallway.
I snap my attention back to him when he hands me a pillow. I clutch it against my chest, watching as he shuffles through a stack of linens to grab a pillowcase and some sheets. 
When he guides me to his room, I freeze in the doorway. “This is your bedroom.”
“I don’t have a spare bed,” he says apologetically. “Just the couch.” Then his eyes widen and he shakes his head. “I’ll sleep downstairs.”
“No, I wasn’t worried about that‒I just, I don’t want to kick you out of your room. Maybe I should find somewhere else.”
Ryan drops his load of linens on the bed and pulls the pillow from my arms before grasping my shoulders. “You could have died tonight. You tried to stop this whole thing even though you don’t know what’s going on, and Logan kidnapped you. I’m not letting you out of my sight. I need‒I want‒” He clenches his teeth. “I want to help you.”
His eyes say he wants to take care of me. I sense a little guilt, too, though he couldn’t have known this was going to happen. He was trying to stop it by getting me to leave.
“Okay.” I nod. “Thank you.”
He steps back and grabs the sheets. “I’ll make up the bed for you if you want to use the shower or wash your face or something.”
“No problem.”
I leave him to make the bed and lock myself in the bathroom. I wait until the water is running full force before I let out a sob. I splash water on my face and a few tears mingle with the wetness, but I still feel so numb. 
I’m stuck in Shadow Hill. With at least one vampire and one werewolf, and whatever Ryan is. 
Once I turn off the water, I peek into the bedroom to find Ryan is gone. He’s set a long-sleeved shirt and a pair of flannel pajama bottoms on the bed. I dress quickly, pulling the strings on the pants tight around my waist. They’re too long since I’m several inches shorter than him, but they’re better than my jeans.
When I hear his voice downstairs, I creep to the door. 
“…couldn’t get out…”
I listen closer, and when his voice fades like he’s walked to the kitchen, I creep into the hallway and down a few steps. 
“…nothing we could do…I know. Hell, don’t you think I know this, Cheyenne?”
I straighten. He’s talking to Cheyenne? What’s up with them anyway?
“No, she’s here,” he continues. He’s quiet for a moment, then he gives a heavy sigh. “Yeah. Not tonight. Soon, though. Okay, ’bye.”
Ryan comes around the corner and spots me on the stairs. I tuck my fingers into the ends of his shirt sleeves.
“Willow.” He shoves the phone in his pocket. “Sorry, I didn’t know you were standing here.”
“If I’m causing a problem between you and Cheyenne‒”
“No, it’s not a problem.” He shakes his head, and when he realizes what I’m getting at, he shakes it more firmly. “We’re not together or anything. We’re friends. She’s from one of the original families‒this wasn’t good news for her.”
I just keep letting people down. Cheyenne’s got to be pissed.
He starts up the steps. “This isn’t something you need to worry about. Not tonight.”
I turn and precede him up the rest of the stairs and into the bedroom. The bed looks so warm and comfortable. I don’t want to deal with anything else tonight, but I don’t know how well I’m going to sleep.
Glancing to the window, I ask, “You don’t think he’ll come here do you?”
Ryan folds his arms. “I’m not sure.”
My stomach churns. He won’t hurt me, though, right? Logan said he wouldn’t hurt me. He just needs me for the spell. But it still scares me that he might be out there waiting.
“What else can I get you?” Ryan asks.
I shrug. “I think I’m good.”
“Really, Willow. What do you need?”
I turn to face him, tucking my hair behind my ears. Then I give in and close the gap between us. His arms come around me in a hug and I lean my cheek against his chest. 
“Can you just…stay up here with me for a bit?” I ask, voice quiet.
“Sure.”
Ryan sits on the bed, settling his back against the headboard. He pulls me close so I’m leaning against his chest again, and I close my eyes.
“Please tell me you’re not a vampire,” I say.
I feel the rumble of laughter in his chest. “No, Willow. I’m not a vampire.”
“Good,” I whisper. Then I fall asleep.



Chapter 14

When I wander down the stairs the next morning, Cheyenne is in the kitchen with Ryan. She sees me, smiles and exclaims, “I’m your babysitter today!”
My eyes go to Ryan where he’s perched against the counter by the sink. He frowns.
“I have to work,” he explains. He shoves a hand through his hair and shakes his head. “It’s crap, I know. All this stuff is going on and I have to go to work.”
“No, it’s fine.” I nod at him. “I understand. You have a life to live.”
The words hang in the air. Yes, they both have lives here, and my life outside of Shadow Hill is officially cut off. I try to pretend this is not big deal, but it still doesn’t sit well with me. Especially since I’m a traveler, I like to move around. Here, I’m stuck.
“I can stay a while longer,” Ryan starts.
Cheyenne waves him off. “No, your crew is already waiting for you.”
“I don’t need a babysitter,” I tell them, folding my arms.
Cheyenne smiles and starts buttering a piece of toast. “Of course you don’t.”
I can’t tell if she’s trying to placate me or she knows I’m an adult who can take care of myself. I took on a vampire yesterday. And I won.
Ryan angles his head to the hallway and I follow him from the kitchen. When he stops near the foot of the stairs, I lean against the wall, my arms still folded.
“I didn’t want you to have to be here alone,” Ryan says.
“As long as I stay inside your house, I’m safe?”
He nods. “Logan can’t come in.”
“I need to know what’s going on.”
“I know. Cheyenne will tell you‒and I…I’ll be back soon.” He reaches out as if to touch my arm, then pulls back. He clenches his jaw. “We’re going to figure this out, okay? Lay low for today and we’ll talk later.”
I breathe out, trying to release some tension. “Okay.”
He doesn’t move for another minute, then gives a curt nod. “Okay. See you soon.”
Ryan leaves through the front door, and I don’t miss the vigilant look he casts around the property before he closes the door behind him.
When I return to the kitchen, Cheyenne is scooping scrambled eggs onto a plate. She adds sausage to it and a slice of toast. “Have a seat. Breakfast is ready.”
I remember the breakfast Logan made me yesterday. The kinder moments when he didn’t seem like someone who was holding me hostage. Why am I thinking about this?
I sit across from Cheyenne and butter my toast. “You don’t have to stay if you have to be at work.”
“Nah. I had my part-timer open. She’s an early riser‒not a big deal. I’ll head over there later. You doing okay?”
“So far so good.”
She wrinkles her nose. “You don’t expect me to believe that, do you? A vampire kidnapped you and‒who knows what else‒”
“He didn’t hurt me,” I say. 
She lifts her eyebrows.
“He was actually trying to be nice for the most part.” I’m not sure why I’m sticking up for him, though. It’s not like what he did was right.
Cheyenne’s mouth opens in surprise. “What? You’re defending him? You’ve got that thing‒what’s it called? You know, when hostages fall in love with their captors and‒”
“I am not in love with Logan. I just don’t want you to think he spent the whole time torturing me or something. Yeah, so he’s kind of insane to want to be a vampire and to have kidnapped me, but he’s not a total maniac.”
She nibbles on some sausage, pointing to my plate. “You need to eat. You don’t have to tell me what happened, I just think you need a little emotional recuperation, is all. It was a traumatic experience.”
It was. 
We’re quiet a few minutes while I eat the eggs. Cheyenne gets up to pour coffee and sets a mug by me.
“Thanks.” I wait for her to sit down. “I need to know the details.”
“The original families, the full moon, the spell‒all those details?”
“Yes.”
She stirs sugar in her coffee. “Right now? You sure?”
“I’m stuck here, Cheyenne. In some town I’ve never been to before last week. If there’s a chance of breaking the curse‒or spell‒and I can still do it, I want to. I don’t want to be here forever. No offense.”
She shrugs. “It’s not all that bad. I’ve been stuck here since I turned fifteen and my dad died. Ryan’s been here his whole life.”
“He’s never left Shadow Hill? Ever?”
Cheyenne shakes her head. “Not once. He was born here. Once you’re inside the borders of Shadow Hill‒at least any of us that are part of the spell‒we’re stuck. Well, except for the witches.”
“But you said you didn’t get here until you were fifteen? You didn’t know about the spell?”
She sighs, sips her coffee. “I knew, but my family grew up here. My father came back because his mother was sick, in the hospital. He was on his way to see her when he got in a car accident. He‒” She glances away. “He was on life support. I had to come say goodbye.”
My throat dries. She hadn’t had a choice. And then she’d lost her father.
“So,” she says, flashing a small smile. “Here I am. And now we both know how it feels to be stuck somewhere we don’t want to be.”
“Is it permanent?” I ask. 
“I hear if the spell is renewed, everything put in place before will return, including you being able to leave Shadow Hill. But…” She taps her fork against her plate. “I don’t know that for sure.”
“Okay, what if that’s possible? Can the spell be renewed right away? Like today?”
“Ambitious,” she says. “If I had to guess, I’d say it has to be on a full moon. Like the original spell.”
“That’s a whole month away.”
She nods. “But you’re here. And you can’t leave. So I guess that gives you time to figure it out.”
I push my plate away. “What about the rest? Logan said I had to undo a spell. So that means, even though I’m stuck here, the four original families being in town at the same time didn’t mess with the spell?”
“It’s the first step,” Cheyenne says. “And Logan probably figured if he got you stuck here, then that would buy him more time to work on the spell. Reversing the curse will bring back all the characteristics in each of us that the original spell took away. But having someone in the bloodline of the four original families living in Shadow Hill makes it stronger for the time being.”
“What characteristics?” I ask.
“The ones I don’t want. The ones Ryan doesn’t want. I don’t want to have to change during a full moon. I don’t want to feel those same animal instincts that creep up on me at the strangest moments. I can control them‒or I could before. That’s how I changed into a wolf when I saw you in your mother’s house. But now, I might not have a choice.”
“What about Ryan? What characteristics does he have to deal with?”
Cheyenne gives me a sly smile. “He hasn’t told you yet?”
“No. Is it a secret?”
“He tries to keep it that way.” Cheyenne stands with her dishes. “He refuses to use his ability. And before now he had that option.”
“Now he has to? He’s forced to? Cheyenne‒”
“He’s a shapeshifter.”
My hand freezes on my mug. “A shapeshifter?” She nods and starts washing dishes. I bring my plate over to her and lean against the counter. “So how is he forced to use his ability then?”
“He never learned how to control it before. He’s going to have to figure it out now. Just like you and your fire. It’s unpredictable.”
I push away from the cabinet. “There’s got to be something we can do. Something I can do. This spell was put into place before, we can do it again, right?”
“We can try.”
I look at the clothes I’m still in. Ryan’s pajamas. Great, I don’t even have anything to wear.
Cheyenne grabs my arm. “Ryan said Logan has all your things. I brought clothes.”
“Good.” I follow her to the living room where she starts digging through a bag. “He took my car somewhere, too.”
“Asshole,” she mutters. She tosses me a pair of jeans. “I think we’re close to the same size.”
I take the spare clothes she gives me and bring them upstairs to change. It feels strange to be in someone else’s house, with someone else’s clothes on. I don’t have anything of mine left. Not even the Book of Shadows‒which isn’t really mine but would be amazingly helpful right now.
 However…my mother’s house is next door. She might have something inside that will help. Or maybe she’ll be back soon, and she can help us.
When I walk downstairs, Cheyenne is on her cell phone. She says a few more words and then hangs up.
“Work emergency?” I ask.
“Becky had a few questions,” Cheyenne said. “We got a new computer system and it’s hard to explain over the phone.”
“Why don’t you go in for a while?”
She shakes her head. “I don’t want you to be here by yourself.”
That’s exactly what I need, though. I’m not sure she’ll want me traipsing over to my mom’s house. But I need to do something productive. Once Ryan gets home, I can see if he has my mother’s number to call her.
In the meantime, I have a plan.
“I don’t mind being alone,” I say. “I need to gather my thoughts, figure out the next step.”
“We’ll help you,” Cheyenne says. But she glances toward the door, looking like she could use some time, too.
“Go ahead. I’ll be here.”
She bites her lip, but finally nods. “I won’t be long. And Ryan’s going to be back early, too. We can talk about the rest. Make a plan.”
“I like plans.”
She grabs her purse off the couch and goes for the door. 
“Cheyenne‒wait.”
She pauses with her hand on the doorknob. “Yeah?”
“Is it okay for you to go out there by yourself?” I ask. “I mean, what if Logan is there? Will he try to…hurt you?”
She flashes a smile. “He can try, but he’ll have a fight on his hands. His power has been heightened but so has mine. Don’t worry about me.”
She leaves, closing the door firmly behind her. I peer through the small window and watch her get into her car. I don’t see anyone else out there. But that doesn’t mean Logan isn’t there. If he didn’t want anyone to see him, he’d make sure of it.
As I pull on a sweatshirt from Cheyenne’s duffel bag, I tell myself over and over again that Logan doesn’t want to hurt me. He needs me. So even if he is out there, he’s not going to do anything to put me in danger.
And if he isn’t, I can make it to my mom’s house and search for more information there. She might have more spell books. She might have some kind of weapons. Like wooden stakes.
I really don’t know what I’m looking for, I just need a task. I’ve never been stuck somewhere before. Even when my dad was alive, I traveled a lot, moved around, kept busy. Not only am I stuck in this small town, I’m stuck in Ryan’s house.
Before leaving, I run back upstairs to the bedroom and grab the necklace out of my dirty jeans. I latch it around my neck and hope that will be good enough. It saved me from Logan last night, it should keep me safe if he comes around today.
I take a deep breath and pull open the front door. The day is bright with sunshine. I hope if Logan’s powers are stronger that means it will be harder for him to come out during the daylight. But I’m definitely starting to doubt the “creature of the night” saying really applies to vampires. Logan has been fine every other time we were out in the sun.
After a swift look around, I race past the hedges, jog up the steps to my mom’s house, and twist the handle. The door is still open like last time. Once I’m in, I shut it behind me and slump against the surface. No sign of Logan.
My heart races faster than I thought it would. I’m afraid of him. What does a vampire do to someone who’s stabbed him?
I push away from the door. No time to worry about that. 
I go straight for the bookshelves. It doesn’t take long to find something of interest. Another journal. I flip open the cover. It’s one from our family. When I spy Selena’s name in there, I tuck it under my arm. That has to be important. I find a few other unmarked books that look like they contain general spells. Nothing like the Book of Shadows, but I have no idea what information is going to be useful now.
Besides, it’s about time I start exercising my powers. 
When I hear a noise toward the back of the house, I freeze. My heart jumps into my throat. Logan? Or just the house settling? 
I’m on edge. It could be anything.
After a moment, I call out, “Hello?”
Nothing. Of course not. If there really is anyone there, they’re not going to answer.
“Shit,” I whisper. I should have thought about this longer.
I take what I have and decide to leave. I can come back later with Ryan or when things calm down. When I have some clue where Logan is or what he’s up to. 
I head straight to the door. I whip it open and gasp.
“Hi,” Logan says, hand propped against the door frame. “I thought I might find you here.”




Chapter 15

I step back, reaching automatically for the necklace.
I’m ready to slam the door in his face when he holds up his hand. “Don’t worry, I’m not here to hurt you.”
“Apparently kidnapping doesn’t fall under that category.”
“Okay, then, I’m not here to kidnap you. Better?”
I swallow. I hate that I actually believe him. He looks good, wearing dark wash jeans and a black leather jacket. He doesn’t look like he’d chased me through the woods last night or that he had a letter opener protruding from his back.
“You…you can’t come in,” I say. My voice trembles a little and I thrust my chin up.
“Yeah, that’s one thing that hasn’t changed since last night. But.” He flashes a grin. “You could invite me in and we could have a little chat.”
“Go to hell.”
“So that’s a no?”
“You seriously think I’m going to invite you in after what you did?” Anger pushes through the fear. I’m halfway tempted to toss my necklace at him just to see him writhe in pain. “You kidnapped me. You stuck a needle in my arm. You do realize these things were against my will. If I go to the police, they’ll arrest you.”
He laughs, straightening and pacing away, toward the stairs. For a moment, I think he’s leaving, but then he doubles back. “You can try. But I’ll just influence them to think it was your fault. I can make them think other things, too. Like your new friend Cheyenne is planning an attack on Main Street. She probably has a gun‒she has to be taken out.”
“Logan, no‒”
“I’m just saying, you’re going to want to keep this to yourself. We can handle this like adults.”
I grit my teeth. “Your tactics so far have proven otherwise.”
“Still full of spunk. I like it.” He grins and paces back to me. “Let’s clear up a few things, why don’t we?”
I fold my arms over the books, keeping them secure against my chest. “I’m not coming out there.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
I frown. He’s making fun of me. Screw him. “What do you want to clear up, Logan? You might have all day to irritate me, but I’d rather be doing other things.”
A dangerous smile skims his lips, like he thinks I should have all the time in the world for him. He leans as close to the entryway as possible. “How about you forgive me for kidnapping you, and I forgive you for stabbing me?”
I straighten. He wants to make apologies? He wants me to forgive him? “It was self-defense,” I say.
Anger flashes behind his eyes. “I don’t recall you looking very defenseless when you ripped my shirt off. In fact, you looked like you were about to‒”
“Stop.” I look away. If he wants to be an ass, I can play this game, too. “You got your feelings hurt because I used you to get what I wanted. Boo hoo. Get over it.”
His chest moves up and down with a few deep breaths. He doesn’t say anything for a long moment, then his face relaxes into a smile. “If it makes you feel better to tell yourself that, fine. I was after more of a truce.”
“What kind of a truce?”
“You agree to help me with the spell and I don’t hurt anyone you care about.”
He’s bluffing. He has to be. There’s no one I care about here. My mom isn’t even here. Cheyenne and Ryan are just…new acquaintances. But still, I don’t want to see them hurt.
“I don’t know how to do your spell. I don’t even have my mother’s book anymore, thanks to you. Maybe you can find another witch to help you.”
I’m about to slam the door when he says, “Wait.”
“Now what?”
“I’ll give you your mother’s book back if that’s what you need for the spell.”
I narrow my eyes. He’s negotiating now? Is it really that big a deal for him to break this curse? 
“I almost thought you got out of Shadow Hill last night,” he says, brows drawn low. “I followed you and saw you get stopped by the boundary. You weren’t hurt too badly, were you?”
I cross my arms again. “No, I was fine.”
His eyes capture mine, black beginning to take over the irises. “I’m not going to hurt you,” Logan says, repeating his words from before. “You can come out now.”
I lift the necklace off my chest. “Care to repeat that?”
His eyes go back to blue. “I meant it, I just think you’re having trouble believing it. Come on, let’s talk. Trade stories. You’ll see I’m not that bad a guy. And maybe I’ll convince you to work with me.”
“In your dreams.”
He’s about to speak again when we hear tires on gravel. Logan glances over his shoulder and frowns. “Ryan.” He looks back at me. “It was good seeing you, Willow. I’ll be in touch‒unless you are first. Think about what I said.”
He leaves the porch, walks down the drive and casts Ryan a wave before vanishing through the trees.
Ryan brings his truck to a haphazard stop, barely on his driveway, and races around the hedges. He looks in the direction which Logan vanished, and then to me, standing just inside the doorway.
He strolls over, jaw clenched, and hikes up the steps in two long strides. “What the hell are you doing here?”
I hold out the books as if that will explain it well enough. 
“Are you serious?” He glances behind him again and steps inside. “You could’ve gotten yourself killed.”
“He doesn’t want to kill me.”
“How can you be so sure?”
I frown. “Because if he wanted to, he would have done it already. Besides, he needs me for the spell.”
“Vampires can be unpredictable. I don’t think you want to test him.”
“Ryan, I have to do something. I can’t just hide in your house all day and hope this will all go away.”
“One day,” he says, voice hard. “You could have given it at least one day. To recuperate. For things to calm down. Or waited for me to get here.”
The anger in his eyes is offset by the fear I also read there. My own frustration fades. “I’m sorry.”
He sighs, shaking his head. “What did Logan want?”
“To negotiate.”
“Negotiate what?”
“He still wants me to help with the spell.”
“No.”
“Ryan, he said‒”
“No. Willow, you know what he could do to you? If you break that curse, you know what could happen to every person in Shadow Hill?”
“Will you stop?” I ask. When his eyes narrow, I continue. “I’m not saying it’s smart to help him, I’m just saying he threatened to hurt people.”
Ryan rubs a hand down his face, looking tired. “I imagine that’s going to be happening a lot more. Him threatening you.” He narrows his eyes at my necklace, reaching out. His fingers stop an inch away from the pendant. “What’s this?”
“It was given to me,” I say. “From one of my ancestors.”
He lowers his hand. “Amethyst. Smart. How did they give it to you?”
“I’m pretty sure it was a ghost.”
He clears his throat. “Well. That’s different.”
I laugh. “It helped. It hurt Logan.”
“That’s good to know.” He gestures in the direction of his house. “Ready to go?”
I nod. He takes my arm and we leave my mother’s house. He stays vigilant, rushing me to his door, and doesn’t let go until we’re inside. Once the door is shut firmly, he turns to me. “When did Cheyenne leave?”
“Not too long ago.”
He frowns. 
“Come on, Ryan,” I say with a sigh. “I’m going to have to leave sometime. And Cheyenne‒or you‒can’t be here all day. In fact, I should probably figure out where I’m going to stay now that I’m stuck here.”
Ryan doesn’t answer, just walks to the kitchen and pulls orange juice from the refrigerator. I follow him, setting my books on the table before sighing. 
“You’re quite the conversationalist,” I say.
He settles his hand on the door, peering over the top of it. “What do you want me to say?”
He’s right. I don’t know what I want him to say. I’m independent by nature, he’s obviously quiet by nature, and neither of us really knows what to do.
“Yeah.” I give a short laugh. “You’re right. This whole situation is…” I shake my head and scoop up my books. “I’ll just give you some space.”
I leave the kitchen and walk upstairs into Ryan’s bedroom. My clothes from yesterday are still on the chair, and the pajamas I discarded on the bed. But it’s awkward being in here because now I feel like I’m intruding.
When I turn around, I freeze. Ryan’s standing there, shoulder propped on the door jamb. He runs a hand through his hair and says, “I was pissed, okay?”
“What?”
“When you got here, I was angry because things were coming together just like my father said they would.”
I step back and sit on the bed, shaking my head. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
He walks inside and blows out a breath. “The original four families were, of course, vampire, werewolf, witch and‒”
“Shapeshifter?”
He lifts his brows, mouth curving into a smile. “Yes. Because they were allied with the witches, our kind was deemed as‒guardians, I guess you could call us. Someone to help protect and look after the witches. To provide a lookout, since we could manipulate other forms besides animal.”
My mouth opens in surprise, but he continues before I can ask questions.
“Anyway, I’m supposed to be looking out for the witches.” He gestures. “That’s why I live so close to your mother. But…we didn’t know she was related to the Keeper of the Flame. And when you got here, I didn’t know what to do besides try to run you out of town. It’s not like I practice my powers. And it’s not like I’ve really needed to. Until now. It was easier just to try to get you to leave.”
He props his arm on his dresser, running his hand down his face. “But instead, it just got you kidnapped and hurt.”
I stand. “Ryan, it’s not your fault.”
“It’s entirely my fault. A lot of this could have been prevented. And you‒” He breaks off, throat moving in a hard swallow.
The guilt is written all over his face.
I walk to him, stopping close enough our shoes are almost touching. He’s so tall I have to tilt my head back to look at his face. When I reach up to touch his cheek, he goes completely still. My fingers catch on the stubble at his jaw. 
“If you hadn’t come last night, I might not have gotten away. Then I’d still be stuck in his house and he might have‒”
“Don’t,” he says softly. He reaches up, catching my hand in warm, strong fingers. “Don’t think about what he might have done.”
He turns his cheek into my palm again and I nod before pulling away. “I’m glad you were there.”
“It’s my job to help you and to protect you.” He swallows again, chin dipping to stare at our feet. “I want you let me.”
It’s a big change from him trying to chase me out of town. His eyes lift to meet mine, and I nod. I’m not usually one to depend on someone else. I like my space. I like my freedom. But a lot of that has been effectively ripped away from me.
At least I know I can trust Ryan. 
He blows out a breath and backs up, creating some distance between us. “I’d feel better if you stay here again tonight.”
My lips curve. “I don’t have anywhere else to go.”
“And I’d appreciate if you don’t leave unless I know where you’re going.” At this, I frown and it’s his lips that curve. “For today. For my peace of mind.”
“Deal. Just for today, though.”
“We’ll discuss that stipulation after we get through today.” 
I nod reluctantly. 
He laughs, and I’m glad to hear the sound. It eases some of the stress I feel.
“Get used to it,” he says. “We’re connected now.”
“What do you mean?”
“When you did…whatever that was when you were at Logan’s‒projecting yourself so I could see you? So you could talk to me?”
“Yeah?”
“It left sort of a…residual effect, if that’s what you want to call it.”
I back up to the bed, clutching one hand around my necklace. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, I can still feel you. It might not be permanent, but it’s like part of you is still with me. That’s how I knew something was going on here and why I came home.” He shrugs, pocketing his hands. “I could feel your distress.”
My heart picks up speed. What does that mean? That was great for saving me from Logan, but…what about when I was with Logan? When I was feeling the opposite of distress? I’d connected with Ryan twice by then so that connection had already started. 
“Can you feel other things, too?” I ask. “Besides distress?”
He nods, another smile curving his lips before he walks out the door. “Yep.”



Chapter 16

That evening, Cheyenne brings Chinese take-out and an armload of books. 
“Please tell me you have wine,” she says to Ryan when I take some of her bags.
“Something red and something I can’t pronounce.”
She smiles. “Good. Where?”
“Pantry.”
Cheyenne disappears into a door around the corner of the refrigerator and makes a noise of approval. Ryan lifts his eyebrows at me, amused. She returns with a grin. 
“Now, that’s what I’m talking about.” She nods at me. “Get some glasses, you’re gonna need this.”
“Why?”
Ryan starts unloading the cartons of food from the bag. “Cheyenne always has a plan. Let’s hear it.”
Cheyenne searches the drawers until she finds a wine opener. “Willow needs to practice her magic.”
I give her a doubtful look. “I think a fire extinguisher is more what we’re going to need.”
“Wine will help you relax. Tell her, Ryan, she needs to be relaxed.”
Ryan glances at me. “Being relaxed will help. And it’s not just the fire you need to learn how to control. You need to learn spells and‒” He breaks off with a shrug. “I don’t know what all, but it’ll probably be important.”
“What about my mom? She’ll know all this.”
I don’t miss the way Ryan’s hands still on the carton. Cheyenne makes herself busy opening the bottle of wine, grunting when she has trouble twisting the screw into the cork.
“What?” I ask. Ryan’s shoulders are tense. I walk over, grabbing his arm. “What? Tell me.”
He turns, apology on his face. “I tried calling her this morning. Again. And still couldn’t get hold of her.” Before I can say anything, he continues. “It’s not something to worry about yet. She said she wasn’t coming back until sometime this week and I know she wanted space. Time away. She probably just has her phone off.”
“What if…” My stomach churns. “What if Logan did something? What if‒”
“Your mom’s fine,” Cheyenne says, still fighting with the wine bottle. “She knows how to take care of herself.”
I thought I knew how to take care of myself, too, but that was before I had to battle against a vampire. But my mom’s known about vampires and more for a lot longer. 
“She can use fire like me, right? Or is that…” I shake my head. “Not how it works?”
Ryan strolls over and grabs the bottle from Cheyenne, effectively opening it in ten seconds. He passes it back and sets a hand on my shoulder. “Every witch works best with one element. Your mother’s is Earth. But the ones who can project fire, like you‒the Keepers of the Flame‒those are the ones who can wield all the elements. And the ones who did the spell in the first place. That’s why Logan needs you to break it. Your mom left town because her being here with the rest of us starts the first cycle of the spell being broken, but it takes a Keeper of the Flame to officially end it.”
It all falls on me. I sink into a chair at the table. Cheyenne puts a glass of wine in my hand soon after, and Ryan sets a plate in front of me. He settles cartons of Chinese food in the middle and grabs himself a beer before joining us.
“Eat,” Cheyenne encourages.
When I don’t move, she scoops a spoonful of rice onto my plate. Then she follows up with some lo mein and keeps going until my plate is overflowing.
Ryan reaches under the table and curls his fingers around mine. “You escaped a vampire’s house and somehow transported your ghostly self to me all over the town. You can do this.”
He gives my fingers a squeeze. I nod. He’s right. I can do this. I have to.
I find a set of chopsticks and lift a piece of saturated broccoli to my mouth.
“Earth,” Cheyenne says. “That’s usually the easiest element to start working with.”
“How do you know?”
“I do my research, too. I have journals from my ancestors, though there’re not a lot of specifics about witchcraft, but I’ve learned some from your mom. Earth is easiest.”
I glance around. “So, what am I supposed to do? Make a plant grow in the kitchen?”
Ryan smirks. He stands, fills a glass with water at the sink, and then returns to the table. “Here. Start with water instead. Freeze it or something.”
I choke on a laugh. “Freeze it or something? You freeze it and tell me how easy it is.”
He gives me a level look but doesn’t say anything. I frown at Cheyenne. “I don’t know how to do this.”
“Try. How do you make the fire appear?”
I sigh. “Get attacked by a vampire‒that usually works.”
Ryan’s jaw clenches and he makes a noise low in his throat. It makes him uncomfortable that I was with Logan so long, long enough for something to have happened, but he doesn’t know what. 
“I’m sorry.” I rub my hands together. “Okay, yeah, it usually takes an emotional moment, but I’ll still try.”
“Pretend Logan is here,” Cheyenne suggests.
My cheeks burn red and Ryan grips his chopstick tight enough his knuckles turn white.
“I mean it’ll make you angry, right?” She leans back in her seat and folds her arms. “Do we need to do this somewhere else, Ryan?”
“No,” he says, focusing on his food.
“Good.” Cheyenne scoots the water to me. “Try something. Anything.”
I sigh and focus on the water. The glass is about half full and I concentrate on trying to make it move. Then make it freeze. Then to make the whole glass tip over.
“Are you concentrating?” Cheyenne asks.
“Yes.”
“On what?”
“Doing something to the water.”
“What specifically?”
I frown. “I don’t know‒anything, okay? Anything would be good, right?”
“But it probably won’t work if you’re not focusing on just one thing.”
I squeeze my hands together in my lap, trying not to snap at her.
“Just try something specific, Willow‒”
“I am!”
And as I say it, we all hear a sharp pop near the sink. Water explodes from the faucet and shoots from the sprayer, aiming right at us.
Cheyenne shrieks, although I think it’s in excitement, and Ryan rushes over to the sink. I stand while he tries the knobs. When they don’t work, he ducks to the cabinet underneath and reaches in. After a moment, the water subsides. 
I blow out a breath and look at Cheyenne. Both of us have water dripping from our hair, staining our clothes.
“Nice.” She wipes water off her cheek. “A little bigger than doing something with the water in the glass, but not bad.”
“You provoked me.”
She smiles. “It worked. Now you just need to figure out how to channel that same emotion each time you need to do magic. Once you get used to the feeling, it will come more naturally.”
“Did I break your sink?” I ask Ryan.
Water beads on his hair. His shirt is speckled with drops and he shakes his head. “Nothing that can’t be fixed.”
“Do I need to pay for something?” I walk to the sink, eyeing the faucet as though it might start spraying at me again. 
Ryan laughs. “No.”
“Come on,” Cheyenne says, waving her hand dismissively, “he fixes houses for a living. He can take care of this. Let’s clean up the water and then we’ll talk some more.”
We grab towels from the closet upstairs and start wiping the kitchen. I get the chairs while Cheyenne works on the floor. “I don’t see how manipulating water or even fire is going to help us with the spell.”
“I know it seems like a small step,” Cheyenne says. “But everything you do will matter. It all helps. It will all help in your ultimate goal.”
I sit back on my heels, watching as Ryan fiddles with the knob at the sink. “I don’t know if my ultimate goal is to become some all-powerful witch. I don’t…” I sigh. “I don’t know if that’s what I want.”
Ryan looks over his shoulder, eyes connecting with mine. I can read his expression easily, see that he understands. If he hasn’t used his power for a long time, he knows how I feel. He gives me a small smile before returning to his project.
“Don’t worry,” Cheyenne says. “It’ll feel more natural when you get used to it. Drink more wine.”
So I pick up my glass and do as she suggests.
~ ~ ~
That night in my dreams, Logan is chasing me. But it’s not just him, it’s a pack of vampires, all racing after me through the night. My lungs burn, and my legs are growing numb. It all feels so real. When Logan snags me around the waist and I see his fangs, a scream tears from my throat.
“Willow.”
I jerk from my dream, fighting the hands at my shoulders.
“Willow, stop‒Willow. It’s me.”
My breath catches in my throat. “Ryan,” I breathe, and slump against him. “I’m sorry. Did I wake you up?”
“It was just a dream,” he soothes, rubbing my back. “You’re okay. I’m here.”
“It was Logan,” I choke out. Emotion clogs my throat, and I shake my head, trying to compose myself. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize.”
He smells like soap from his shower after Cheyenne had left. Soap and some kind of aftershave that’s woodsy and warm. He’s only wearing pajama bottoms, chest and feet bare.
I ease back some. “Sorry I woke you up. I didn’t mean to scream.”
“You didn’t,” he says. He shifts on the bed, dropping his hands from my shoulders. “I could tell something was wrong. I could…feel it.”
“The connection.”
He nods, head just a shadow in the dim lighting of the room. “Sorry. I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I know. It’s okay.” I breathe slowly for a moment, trying to still my racing heart. “In my dream, Logan was chasing me. And he caught me. I saw fangs.”
“You’re safe in here, okay?” He reaches out, fingers brushing the top of my hand. “He can’t get in here. And I won’t let anything happen.”
His touch sends tingles of warmth up my arm. Ryan is so different from Logan. Gentler somehow, despite everything he did to get me to leave. More quiet in his strength. 
“I know you won’t,” I say. “I’m not worried. It just…it scared me.”
I lean into him when he wraps his arms around me. His lips brush my hair. “You want me to stay here for a few minutes?”
I nod, not trusting myself to speak. I’m not scared anymore, my pulse is racing from him being so close. From my cheek pressing against his bare chest. 
“Ryan,” I whisper. I lift my chin, looking up to his face, the strength in his jaw.
He tilts his head down. For a long moment neither of us says anything, then he swoops in, capturing my mouth with his. His hands are firm and strong when they grip my arms and haul me closer so I’m almost in his lap.
The covers fall away, and I’m left in a tank top and a pair of shorts Cheyenne loaned me.
I slide my arms over his shoulders, muscles tight under my hands. He brushes my hair off my cheek and then slides his fingers to the nape of my neck, holding me closer. His other hand skims my ribs and rests just above my shorts on a small patch of bare skin.
The calluses on his fingers skim my hip and desire circuits through me. And then I feel the flames. Shit. How had they snuck up on me so fast?
“Ryan,” I whisper, leaning back. “Hold on.”
His breath is quick and warm on my cheek. He squeezes the nape of my neck and shakes his head. “Sorry. Shit‒I didn’t mean to. It’s too fast‒”
“No, Ryan,” I say, touching his cheek. “It’s not‒I mean…” God, how do I say this? It’s not you, it’s me? “It’s the fire. The flames. I can feel them inside. I don’t want to hurt you.”
He makes a noise that sounds like surprise. “Oh.”
I laugh, ducking my chin so my hair falls over my cheek. “I’m trying to control it. But, you know, emotionally charged moment. I guess, uh…passion counts.” 
Although it was a lot stronger than that. I wanted Ryan. I wanted his hands all over me. Something about the cool confidence in his eyes and the vulnerability I saw earlier…it’s a sexy combination.
“It’s probably better this way anyway,” he says, releasing my hips. “To take our time.”
I lean back against the pillows, trying to keep my cool. “Sure. Yeah. You’re right.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to,” he says, voice low. I see the glint of his eyes in the darkness. “Don’t think that.”
“Okay.”
He shoves a hand through his hair. “Shit.”
“It’s fine.” I pull the covers up to my chest. I don’t want him to think he’s obligated to be here for me, physically as well, just because he’s supposed to be some sort of protector. “I’m sorry for waking you up‒”
“Hell,” he says, dragging me to him again.
His mouth is on fire against mine, taking, taking and offering everything. His hands run under my shirt and then up to my breasts, cupping them, calluses brushing against my nipples. I touch his chest, his abdomen, feel his muscles clench tight when my fingers brush the waist of his pajama bottoms.
Flames, flames, flames.
I gasp, breaking free of his kiss. Holding myself still for an entire ten seconds while his mouth makes a slow descent down my neck.
“Please don’t set me on fire,” he murmurs against my skin.
I choke on a laugh. “You’re probably going to have to stop touching me like that then.”
He lingers for one more moment before pulling his hands from under my shirt. “That’s some kick ass birth control you have going on there.”
I start to laugh, and it turns into a miserable sob. I bury my face in my hands. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.” He touches my shoulders, seems to think better of it, and sits still. “You can’t control it.”
“But I need to. I need to. I don’t want this to happen every time I want to be intimate with someone or every time I’m angry.” I look up, frowning. “I want to kiss you without hurting you.”
He takes my hand, brushing his thumb over my knuckles. “It’ll take practice is all.” His voice fills with humor. “And if it means I have to make out with you every night until you build up a tolerance, I’m willing to make that sacrifice.”
I laugh. “Really? You barely know me.”
“I know more than you think.”
“How?”
He adjusts on the bed so he’s next to me, leaning against the headboard. He tucks me against his chest and I let my fingers wander over his muscles while he talks.
“Your mom told me a little about you. I know you think she didn’t know you, but she did. She kept track of you.”
That information makes me tense. I don’t know if it’s a good thing or a bad thing, but it makes me feel even more abandoned than before.
He clears his throat and continues. “Also, I dreamed about you before you came here.”
“What?”
“I did. I had a dream‒more than one, actually. And it felt like I knew you—probably because of the whole protection thing. That’s why it was a pretty lame move to treat you the way I did when you got here. I…yeah, I didn’t know how to handle it. And then there’s the connection.”
“Because I projected myself to you?”
“Right.”
I don’t know how I’ll feel about that further down the road, but right now it makes me feel safe. 
“I’m glad you’re not trying to get me to leave now,” I whisper. “I don’t have anywhere to go.”
“You’re welcome to stay here as long as you want.”
My eyes search the room in the darkness. “You don’t want me to stay here. I took over your room.”
“Actually, right now it looks like we’re sharing it.”
I smile vaguely. “You know what I mean. I’m here indefinitely. I need somewhere to stay.”
“Come with me to work tomorrow,” Ryan says. “I have something I want to show you.”
I shrug. “Sure.” I don’t have anywhere else to be.
“Good,” he says. “Now close your eyes, try to get some sleep.”
I close my eyes and relax against his chest. Before long, I’m asleep. And the only dreams that haunt me this time are ghostly ones about my ancestor, Selena, and a book hidden in the darkness.



Chapter 17

I’m excited when I meet Ryan downstairs the next morning.
“I have a Book of Shadows,” I tell him, stopping in the doorway of the kitchen.
He turns, a mug of coffee in one hand. “What?”
“I had a dream about Selena‒she’s one of my ancestors who helped make the spell. She was a Keeper of the Flame, too, and in my dream, I saw a book‒”
“Okay, hold on.” He sets his mug down and gestures to the table. I join him. “You’re saying you had a dream about a Book of Shadows. And you think it’s real?”
“I saw Selena before, near the cemetery at the Shadow Hill Hotel. She gave me this.” I hold up the necklace for him to see. “I think it was to help me fight off Logan.”
“A ghost gave you a necklace?”
“I told you this before. Now you’re talking to me like you don’t believe me. And yet Logan is a vampire. Cheyenne is a werewolf. You’re a shapeshifter‒though that one, I won’t believe until I see.”
A muscle moves in his jaw. “Don’t hold your breath.”
“Ryan, are you worried? Is that it? That you’re going to be forced to use your powers somehow, or‒”
He stands abruptly, the legs of his chair scraping against the floor. “I believe you about the book. If you think Selena was trying to tell you something in your dream, you’re probably right.”
I get up as well, stepping next to him at the counter. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“Ryan…” His eyes flash warning, so I choose my words carefully. “I don’t like the fact that I’m forced into using my powers now, too. I hate not having control over them. I mean, I almost burned the library down. You think I’d willingly burn all those books?”
His lips twitch. “You care about the books but not me? You aimed the fire at me more than once, you know.”
I step in front of him. “I know. You deserved it.”
His hands settle on my hips, fingers curling into my belt loops. “I did.”
“You can make it up to me.”
His voice goes low and husky. “How?”
“By pouring me a mug of coffee.”
I start to back up, but he yanks me against him. My breath whooshes out and I grasp his shirt at his chest to steady myself.
“I’m worried about controlling my power, you’re right,” he says. His eyes are stormy and fathomless. “Shifting doesn’t sound dangerous but it can be.”
His hands loosen, and he lifts one to brush down my cheek. I shiver. “Are you going to tell me what you mean by dangerous?”
His gaze holds mine. “No.”
“Ryan‒”
He stops my question with a swift kiss, catching me off guard. My arms automatically go around his neck. He hikes my legs up and I wrap them around his waist, making a noise of pleasure in my throat. 
Ryan spins around and sets me on the counter. His kisses are hungry, tongue brushing against mine. His hand tangles in my hair.
“Tell me when it’s coming,” he murmurs.
“Excuse me?”
His lips curve. “The fire.”
“Oh, uh…” His hands and mouth feel so good, I can barely speak but I try to nod. I reach for his pants, unsnapping the button. I slip my hand inside the material. He’s stiff and aroused, breath yanking in when I close my fingers around him.
“Willow.” His voice is low, strained with pleasure. 
It’s his voice that undoes me. The fire springs to life, so close I have to jerk my hands away.
“Okay,” I whisper, eyes opening. “Hold on.”
“No,” he groans. But he stops moving, breath coming fast.
“I just…” I shake my head. “I think I need to go slower. That might help.”
“I can do slow.” His hands slide up the insides of my thighs. “We need to practice.”
“I can get on board with that.” The flames die out, and I breathe a long sigh. “Sorry.”
He puts his hands on either side of me, boxing me in. “You shouldn’t apologize. It’ll work out eventually.”
I can still feel his hands on me and see bare skin where his pants are unbuttoned. “God, I hope so.”
He laughs. “Trust me, it’s just as hard on my end.”
My eyes flick to his pants and back up. I grin. “I see that.”
He lifts me off the counter and once I’m on my feet, I slump against him for a minute. Maybe slower really is better. Not because of the flames. Because I barely know Ryan‒and last time I barely knew someone, he turned out to be a vampire.
What am I thinking? I don’t normally fall for any guy. But Logan was hard to resist with that killer confidence and Ryan has these electric eyes that see more than he lets on. He’s strong and vulnerable. For whatever reason, I trust him completely.
He abandons his coffee and says, “Ready to go?”
I nod, but bring an insulated mug with me to the door. I need my morning coffee.
“So where do you think I can find a secret Book of Shadows?”
Ryan pauses at the front door, gathering his keys off a nearby table. “Uh…ask Cheyenne?”
I smile.
“Maybe you could do a spell. Some kind of location spell. I’m pretty sure you could handle that.”
I’m glad he has so much confidence in me because I don’t. Although I did project myself all the way across town to appear in his house, so I’m not off to a terrible start.
“Stay close,” Ryan says as he opens the front door.
“I don’t think Logan is out here.”
He ignores the comment. “Stay close and hurry to the car. When we get to the site, I have to straighten a few things out before we leave again. Stick close there, too. It’s going to be tricky because technically no one lives in the house yet so I’m pretty sure Logan can walk around wherever he pleases.”
“Where are we going after that?” I ask.
He smiles, but it’s distracted. “You’ll see.”
He grabs my hand and we leave the house. I keep up with him as we race to the truck. When I hop in, I look around the property. The trees are green, looking like summer, and the sky is the shade of tropical waters. 
As we drive, I realize I’m not worried about Logan. Not yet. I need to figure something out soon, but I believe he’ll give me some space in the meantime. Despite his psycho kidnapping tendencies, he’s been pretty honest with me.
When we get to the site, I follow Ryan around while he gives directions to his team. I’m curious how he got into flipping houses, and how he’s so successful at it at such a young age. He has a good-sized team, with men working to transport two-by-fours inside while others hammer and build.
They’re working on a closet in the master bedroom right now.
“We hope to have this one done by mid-summer,” Ryan tells me. “Get it on the market.”
I get a few glances as we finish walking through, but for the most part everyone sticks to their jobs. When he’s done doling out new instructions, Ryan ushers me out to the truck again, keeping vigilant.
“It’s just a few blocks over,” he says once the keys are in the ignition.
I keep silent until we reach another house. This one is smaller, at the end of the street, and looks unlived in. It’s in a quiet neighborhood filled with trees.
“What is this?” I ask.
“Let’s get inside,” he says, glancing around.
There’s a For Sale sign on the front lawn. Ryan lets us in, closing the door behind him. I scan the empty space, noting it looks clean and new, despite the old brick and siding on the outside.
“Is this one of the houses you flipped?”
He nods. “I just put it up on the market last month. So far no takers.”
I wonder if this is the same house Logan said he wanted to buy from Ryan. Or maybe he was just making that up to get me to talk to him.
“So why are we here?” I ask.
He props his shoulder against the wall in the living room. “Your mom told me once she thinks everything happens for a reason. I believe it. I haven’t sold this place yet and along you come, needing somewhere to live.”
I turn to him. “Wait‒what? You’re going to loan me this house to stay in?”
“Yeah.”
I shake my head. “I can’t do that. You’re trying to sell it. I don’t know how long I’m going to be here.”
“It’s my house, I can do whatever I want with it.”
I frown. “Ryan, you know what I mean.”
He shoves his hands in his pockets. “Look, I know you’re not completely comfortable at my place. I get it, you’re independent. You need somewhere to stay, I have somewhere for you to stay. It’s simple.”
“But…” I can think of all sorts of arguments. Like how he barely knows me, like how I can’t afford too much rent‒or at least, I don’t want to pay too much. I don’t need something this big.
“You’re considering it,” he says with a lazy smile. “Come on, it makes sense. Stay here for a while. If it doesn’t work out, no harm done.”
I walk from the living room into the kitchen. The sun is shining through the back window, and there’s a small nook in the corner. There’s plenty of counter and cupboard space. The backyard is nice, roomy, with a small deck for entertaining. Ryan follows me as I walk the hallway to one of the bedrooms. It’s modest but nice, also with wide windows. There’s one bathroom with a deep tub and double sinks. 
“It’s nice,” I say. “You did a good job.”
He nods. “Thanks.”
“It’s perfect, actually. I…” I don’t finish the sentence before walking back to the living room.
“What is it?” Ryan asks, following me.
“I guess I was always so busy traveling and moving around and keeping up with school, I never really cared that much where I lived or what it looked like. Now I’m stuck here and it makes me feel so…trapped. But this‒your house‒it’s nice. It feels like a home.” I smile. “Which is exactly what I need right now.”
“Good.” He pulls a piece of paper from his back pocket. “Now sign this lease.”
My mouth drops open. I try to compose myself. “Of course. Right. We need to talk about rent and everything‒”
He laughs. “I’m not charging you rent. Once you sign this, you technically live here, so Logan can’t come in. It’ll be a safe place for you.”
“Oh.” I laugh, too. “Right.”
He passes me a pen, and I use the wall as a surface to sign my name without even reading it. No rent and a cute landlord. I’ve definitely been in worse predicaments.
I hold out the lease, but he catches my hand instead, pulling me closer. “It makes me feel like I’m doing something right giving you somewhere to stay. Maybe if I had been more open with things when you got here‒or more vigilant, even‒you might not be stuck.”
“I already told you it’s not your fault.”
He touches my bottom lip with his thumb, rubbing it back and forth. “Still. It makes me feel better.”
I smile at him. “I have a house. You know what I’m thinking?”
“Please tell me it has something to do with christening this room.”
Heat throbs inside and I try to contain it. “Actually, I was thinking I need furniture. I need to decorate.”
He flashes a grin. “Not quite as much fun on my end. You’re welcome to do whatever you want, though, as long as it doesn’t involve putting holes in any walls or painting the spare room black.”
“You’re the landlord.” I lean in and go up on my toes to kiss his cheek. “Thanks.”
“No problem. I need to get back to the site for a bit. You want me to take you to my place?”
“Hell, no. I live here now. I’ll stay.”
He laughs. “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know…I’ll use my imagination.”
He gestures to the kitchen. “There are some cleaning supplies under the sink‒this place hasn’t been touched up in a few weeks. And outside in the shed, there’s some old furniture for the deck and a few pieces for in here that I was storing for use somewhere along the way. If you wait until I get back, I can help you haul them out.”
I flash him a brilliant smile. “Great. Now I just need a bed, some clothes, and a cell phone and I’m good to go.”
“I like the part about the bed. And you don’t need any clothes for that.”
“Ha ha.” 
I walk with him to the door. He stops with his hand on the knob and turns to me. “Be safe, okay? I’ll be able to feel it if something is wrong but still…just don’t go anywhere. For now.”
“I’ll stay here, I promise.”
“Good.” He drops a kiss on my lips before heading out to the truck. 
After he leaves, I get busy cleaning. Once I’ve done the kitchen and then the bathroom, I stop and stretch. I wish I would have thought to have Ryan bring me something to drink, but I know he’ll be back soon.
It’s warm inside and I open the window in the kitchen. I pull my long hair off my neck and secure it in a ponytail.
I’m tired of cleaning and curious about the shed out back. I could use somewhere to sit.
Peering out the back door, I consider the distance between it and the house. Not far. It’s my house now, I should feel comfortable in my own yard.
I don’t even rush as I walk outside into the sunshine, pausing a minute to let the rays hit my face. Being outside like this doesn’t make me feel trapped. It takes away the feeling that I’ve lost my freedom. 
The shed isn’t locked, but I have to pull hard to get it open. Dust particles float in my vision and I wave a hand in front of my face. It smells old, musky inside, like no one has opened it in a while.
I see the outdoor furniture right away, folded against the side of the small shed. I step inside, searching for whatever else might be here. I find more than just tables and chairs, I also find a lamp and a coffee table. It’s old but in good shape. 
Grabbing one of the folded chairs, I start to haul it out the door when I feel something on my arm. When I glance down and see the spider, I let out a girly shriek and swipe it off of me.
“Shit,” I whisper. “Shit. Shit.”
There are vampires out there and I got myself all worked up over a spider.
Grumbling to myself, I turn to walk back out in the sunshine, and run hard into a wall of muscle. 
“Fancy meeting you here,” Logan says.
Then he grabs me before I can run.



Chapter 18

“Get off me!” I shout. 
He only holds tighter, arms wrapped around me, nearly cutting off my air supply. “Now, Willow, I thought we already established I’m not going to hurt you.”
I wiggle against him, trying to hike my knee up, but our bodies are flush against each other.
His eyes capture mine, turning dark. “It’s time to calm down, Willow. Just calm down.”
My body relaxes against his, so much so that he has to support my weight. His eyes flick down to my necklace and he grimaces.
“There we go,” he says. “Now, I’m going to let you go as long as you promise not to try and run.”
I give a slow nod, my mind fighting the control he has over me.
He releases me and I stumble back against the shed. My shirt catches on the wood, but I don’t move. 
“What are you doing here?” I ask.
“I didn’t hear back from you. I wanted to stop by and see what direction things are going in.”
“Pretty much the direction of screw you,” I whisper.
He laughs. “I swear, you’re the only woman I know who uses humor when she’s terrified. It’s impressive, really.”
“Glad you’re amused. Please leave.”
“That’s no way to treat a guest. Why don’t I help you with those chairs and we can have a seat?”
I shake my head. “No, thanks. Why are you here?”
“Would you believe I came for a truce?”
“You said that before. And no.”
He backs up, tipping his chin to the sky. I have no idea why he’s not bursting into flames right now. That must be a total myth. Vampires‒or at least this vampire‒is clearly not harmed by sunlight.
“Come on, it’s such a nice day. Why spend it hating me?”
“I guess I’m bored,” I tell him with a glare. “Don’t have anything better to do.”
He smiles. “Now you can unpack. How about that?”
“What?” 
“I brought your stuff,” he says. “Do you want to see?”
I scowl. “What do you mean you brought my stuff?”
“Your car. I went ahead and fixed the tires for you. Your phone, computer, clothes. Everything you had at my house.”
I shake my head, stepping away from the shed. “You brought all my stuff?”
“Come see.”
He walks away before I can protest. I follow him around the house and to the front yard where I spot my car parked in the driveway. I peer into the backseat and see that he wasn’t lying. All my stuff I brought to Shadow Hill is in there. All except for my mother’s book.
“Why?” I ask.
“Why what?”
“Why did you bring all this?”
He leans against the car and folds his arms. His blue eyes sparkle in the sun and my pulse races faster. I look away. “You need it, don’t you?”
I probably shouldn’t be questioning his motives, but I don’t think he did this out of the kindness of his heart. “What do you want?”
“I told you. A truce. I give you some time to settle in and come to your senses, and then we work together to end this curse.” My jaw shifts and he lifts his eyebrows. “If I were in your shoes right now, I’d say yes.”
“If you were in my shoes right now, you’d be thinking like someone with half a brain,” I snap. “You’re asking me to break a spell that was put into place for a reason.”
“I have my reasons for wanting to end it.”
“What?” I ask, getting cocky. “So you can massacre half the town, live forever, or maybe‒”
He darts forward so fast, I don’t even see him. I blink and then he’s standing in front of me, so close I can feel his chest rise and fall with each measured breath. “You have no idea why I want this. You don’t know anything about me, princess, so you’d better be real careful how you talk to me.”
“I’m not afraid of you,” I whisper, clenching my hands into fists so they don’t shake. “You won’t hurt me.”
I feel a flare of power from the necklace and he backs up. Pain is etched into the corners of his mouth, but I can tell he’s trying not to show it.
“It doesn’t feel good does it?” I ask. “Not having control?”
He scowls. “You don’t know who you’re messing with here.”
“I’m getting a better idea.”
Focusing my energy, I feel around for the flames. I’m used to them now. Maybe being intimate but not quite being able to go all the way has helped me. I aim my gaze to the grass beside Logan’s feet and it goes up in a quick flash of fire.
He jumps to the side, and I feel a burst of triumph at having startled him. When he looks at me, his eyes narrow. “You missed.”
“No, I didn’t.”
He holds my gaze a moment longer as if trying to figure out whether or not I’m bluffing. 
“I’m getting better at this,” I tell him.
“Then it shouldn’t be any problem for you to do that spell for me. You have a few days to settle in, but then I want to see results.”
“You think this is going to work? Threatening me?”
He strolls forward, casual this time, but catching my chin in his grip before I can back away. “You think that was a threat, sweetheart?”
I grit my teeth. “Let go.”
“You are not in any kind of position to tell me how to play this game.”
“Logan. Stop.”
His grip loosens a little. But his eyes meet mine. “I will give you two days. Then I expect you ready to help with the spell.”
“Go to hell.”
“Wrong answer.”
Abruptly, he lets go. My heart starts thumping. Now what? 
But he doesn’t do anything, just backs up. “Two days, Willow. I’ll come for you unless you come to your senses and find me first. Then we’ve got work to do.”
My tongue is glued to the roof of my mouth. I was so afraid for a minute that he’d explode with anger, I didn’t know what to do except keep my mouth shut.
He leaves on foot since I’m keeping my car. He’s barely around the corner before Ryan’s truck comes screeching this way. He pulls to a haphazard stop on the curb and hops out.
“Where is he?” He whips off his sunglasses and scans the property. “Willow‒where?”
“Gone. He’s gone, Ryan‒”
“I’m going to kill you. What are you doing out here?” 
I slump against the car, feeling bad for the worry I see in his eyes. “I’m sorry.”
His chin drops to his chest and he rubs a hand along the back of his neck. “I swear you’re allergic to listening or something. I thought you were going to stay inside. You know, where it’s safe?”
“Sorry,” I say again.
He sighs, walks over, and leans against the car as well. “I guess there’s no sense in going inside. If he wanted to hurt you, he already would have done it.” He pauses, glances behind him as if noticing the car for the first time. “Where did this come from?”
“Logan brought it.”
“He brought your car back?”
“And my clothes and my phone. My computer, too.”
He frowns. “Why?”
“He said he wanted a truce.”
Ryan turns to me, squinting his eyes from the glare of the sun. His sunglasses are still dangling from his fingers. “What?”
“Two days,” I whisper.
“What?” he says again.
“He said he’d give me two days to settle in and then he wants me to help him with the spell.”
The muscles in his arms flex when he runs both hands through his hair. “And what did you say?”
“I’m pretty sure I said, ‘Go to hell’.”
He gives a half laugh, half cough. “And he didn’t kill you?”
“Not yet.”
He frowns at that statement. “That’s what we’re trying to avoid here, Willow. It would be awesome if you’d get on board with it.”
My lips curve. “Awesome?”
“Kick ass, sweet, groovy. Yeah, all of those things. Most people‒including smart ass women who are pretty happy with their independence‒tend to find staying alive fairly attractive.”
“I find you attractive. And that little speech totally turned me on.”
He slides his sunglasses back on. “Glad you liked it.”
“Ryan, come on. I can’t stay inside forever. And clearly Logan isn’t going to hurt me. He needs me.”
“Doesn’t mean he isn’t going to hurt you eventually. Or something else.”
“What else?”
He swallows hard and starts toward the house. I follow behind him, frustrated. “What the hell am I supposed to do then? Hide forever?”
He spins around on the porch, teeth clenched. “I don’t know. But what I do know is that this whole thing is bigger than a little spell.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, once the spell is complete, it affects more than just us or Cheyenne and Logan. Any person out there with vampire blood or werewolf blood or even shapeshifting in their genes can come to Shadow Hill and get their powers back. Not only that, vampires won’t just be born anymore, they can be created. People can be transformed into werewolves. Everyone in Shadow Hill will be in danger.”
My stomach churns. It’s hard to believe Logan would do that, hurt people for the sake of it. But then again he wasn’t exactly friendly this morning. And for all I know, he could be one of the nice ones. 
“Okay,” I say, bitterness in my mouth, “I’m seeing the bigger picture here. That still doesn’t help with what I’m supposed to do now. I’m stuck here. And I don’t think Logan’s just going to get bored and give up.”
He stares out across the yard, arms folded. 
“Ryan?”
He shakes his head. “I don’t know. We have to stop Logan somehow.”
I study my shoes as words pop into my mind. Kill him. The thought makes me so uneasy, Ryan steps closer to me and asks, “What is it?”
“What?”
He tips my chin up, pulling off his sunglasses again to meet my eyes. “That sick feeling.”
“You can feel that?”
“I’m standing right in front of you. I felt it and saw it on your face. What were you thinking?”
“Nothing I’d be willing to do.”
I stare at the pulse on his neck, hoping he’ll drop it. “Kill him, you mean.”
I nod. “But then that puts us in the same category as him‒or worse.”
He sighs. “Yeah. Satisfying but pretty immoral.”
I laugh when he smiles. As satisfying as it would be to stop Logan, I don’t know if I’d feel the same if I truly hurt him. 
Ryan brushes a hand down my arm. “So what’s the plan? Go over to his house and play some cards?”
“Ryan.”
“What? You keep hanging out with him anyway, might as well just go on over.”
“You’re a jerk,” I say, turning away.
He catches my arm. “If it keeps you safe, I can be the bad guy.”
“You already were when I got here.” My voice is low. “And neither of us liked it.”
I can tell the comment stings. He stares at me, long enough I’m uncomfortable again.
“Let’s just take a break, okay?” I start down the stairs again. “I’m going to head over to the library and brainstorm with Cheyenne. I want to find my Book of Shadows and see what I can do in the meantime to stop Logan.”
He follows a few steps but doesn’t come all the way to my car. “Be careful.”
“I will.”
I find my keys in my purse in the front seat of the car. Like Logan said, it’s all there. I check my phone quickly and find a few messages. I unroll my window and call after Ryan.
He turns before he gets into his truck. 
“Have you tried calling my mom again?”
He dips his head a moment before nodding. “I did.”
“Still no answer?”
“Sorry. No.”
“Thanks.” I give him a wave before pulling away. I’ll have to get her number from him.
And then I’ll call every hour if I have to because I need some answers. And the other part of me…it just wants to make sure she’s safe.




Chapter 19

“Men are stubborn,” I announce when I walk into the library.
Cheyenne brightens when she sees me. “Yeah? Man troubles? Give me details.”
I drop my purse onto her desk and set my phone beside it.
“Wait.” She stands. “How did you get your stuff back? I thought Logan took it all.” Her eyes widen. “You didn’t go see him, did you?”
“No. No,” I say again firmly. My ponytail swings when I tilt my head back and sigh. “Ryan brought me to one of his houses and said I could live there for now. Logan found me there.”
“Like found you in the house when he knocked on the door or found you outside when you should have been inside?”
“Don’t start with me,” I say. “You know I can’t just hide in the house all day. I have to do something.”
She taps one finger against her lips thoughtfully. “Standing out in the open when there’s a vampire after you doesn’t seem like the most logical choice, though.”
I scowl. “And what would you do? Sit in the house all day and hope Logan decides to give up?”
She laughs. “No. I’d do something. I take it Ryan found out and went all big-strong-protector on you.”
“Pretty much.”
“And Logan?”
I lower my voice, trying to mimic his. “‘You have two days or else.’”
“Or else?”
I wave my hand, dismissing it. “Whatever‒that was about the gist of it. Two days until he expects me to work with him on this spell. Why is he so determined to become a full vampire anyway? So he can live forever?”
She sighs, walks over to the shelves by the window and straightens a few books. “Who knows what motivates someone like him. Immortality. Power. Boredom.” 
“I need your help with something,” I tell her.
She turns and props her hip against the counter. “What?”
“I guess…a spell? Or some way to find my Book of Shadows.”
“Your Book of Shadows.”
I nod.
“It makes sense that you’d have one. I’m pretty sure every new witch gets one at a certain age. But then, you didn’t know you were a witch, and it probably would have been your mom who would’ve given it to you. She didn’t happen to call and point you in the right direction, did she?”
“No.” I glance away. “Ryan still can’t reach her. But I had a dream. One of my ancestors told me about my Book of Shadows.”
She smiles. “Messages from beyond. You know, Willow, my life has gotten so much more interesting since you came to Shadow Hill.”
“You’re not mad?”
“That you came here?”
“No, that I came here, got stuck here, and started this whole mess. The first part of reversing the curse.”
She bites her lip in thought. “No. I mean, yeah, I don’t want to turn into a hairy beast every full moon or”‒she frowns‒“everything else that comes with it. But it’s not your fault. It was going to happen eventually. Now at least we’re forced to try to do something about it. Maybe something more permanent.”
“Like what?”
She smiles. “I have no idea. But stopping Logan is a good start. And so is finding your Book of Shadows. It will be more helpful than your mother’s because it’s for a Keeper of the Flame. The spells will be more specialized. Plus, it seems like you’re already in tune with your ancestors. You can draw information and power from them.”
“Really?”
“In theory. I’ve read about this as much as possible, read journals from the witches who used to live here, and studied the history. Your mom is the only practicing witch I’ve ever known, and when I say ‘practicing’ I say it loosely. She did a few earth spells here and there but not much. That was the whole reason she stayed away from you and your father. She wanted you to have a normal life.”
I swallow and fold my arms. She still could have told me what was going on. She still could have visited or at least given me some kind of explanation.
“Look,” Cheyenne says, “I know it’s a lot to take in. But I want to help. I think it’s good to start trying to get answers. We can do a location spell.”
“A what?”
She pulls a drawer open at her desk and hauls out a stack of books. “Here are the best spell books I could find. Yes, you’ll want your Book of Shadows and we should try to get more information from your ancestors, but this is a good start. We can do a spell to find the Book of Shadows.”
“Maybe it’s in my mom’s house. That sounds simpler.”
She nods. “We can look. But if we don’t find it today, we might want to try the spell. Logan gave you two days. It will help to have a more concrete plan by then.”
“It would help if my mom would answer her damn phone, too.”
A smile skims her lips. “That’s true.”
I start paging through her books, feeling overwhelmed. I’ve never done a spell before in my life. But I have talked with witches. I have seen them perform spells. At least I have a little knowledge. 
I pull in a breath. I can do this. I don’t have any other option.
“You’re going to let me help decorate your place, right?” Cheyenne asks.
I look at her. “It’s temporary.”
“You still need to feel comfortable. And how temporary is temporary really? At the very least, you need furniture. I can help. I know a guy.”
“What does that mean, you know a guy?”
She laughs. “He runs a consignment store. He has furniture. He’ll probably give us a discount on pieces that aren’t selling.”
“Oh.” I think about it, then nod. “Okay. Just a few things, though.”
She stands again, grabbing a sheet of paper and sliding on a pair of glasses. “Good. Let’s make a list and I’ll see what he has.”
“But the spell‒”
“We’ll get supplies, too, and do the spell this afternoon or tonight. I can leave at three.”
~ ~ ~
The bed frame was easy. But Cheyenne and I aren’t so adept at muscling a queen-sized mattress up the front steps and onto the porch. Her “guy” delivered the big furniture in his truck but had to get back to work. So now we have a truckload of pieces on the front lawn.
“I really wish you could levitate this thing or something,” Cheyenne says, grunting. 
“Don’t you have super strength?”
“Yeah, I can lift my end easily, it’s your end we’re having a problem with. I don’t want to just drag it across the floor.”
Her voice is muffled on the other side of the mattress inside the door.
“What the hell?” I hear from behind me.
I glance over my shoulder and see Ryan. His hands are on his hips and he’s frowning.
“I said I’d help you this afternoon.”
I give him the sweetest smile I can manage. “It’s the afternoon. Will you help?”
He makes a noise of frustration low in his throat and takes my end.
“Is that Ryan I hear out there?” Cheyenne calls.
“Let’s go,” Ryan says in return.
Between the two of them, they haul the mattress in easily, and then the rest of the furniture. I’m not sure if it’s so effortless for Ryan because he’s a shifter or just because he’s built, but he makes moving furniture look easy. And good. 
It’d look better with his shirt off, but I can’t complain too much. 
He walks into the bedroom as I’m making the bed ten minutes later. He folds his arms and leans against the wall. “I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone as frustrating as you.”
“I guess I’m really making an impression, aren’t I?”
He narrows his eyes. “That wasn’t a compliment.”
“Where’s Cheyenne?” I ask.
“She said she needed alcohol and supplies. I didn’t ask questions.”
I finish putting on a pillowcase. “We’re doing a spell tonight.”
He appraises me with a long look. “What kind of spell?”
“A location spell. For the Book of Shadows. I figure if I dreamed about it, it must be important.”
“Is it dangerous?”
I smile. “Are you concerned about me?”
A muscle flexes in his jaw. “You know I am.”
My smile disappears. I walk over and take his hand. It’s warm and strong around mine. “I’m sorry. No, I don’t think it’s dangerous. But you can stay and watch if you want. Just in case.”
He brushes his thumb on my jaw. “I think I will.”
Before I can lean in, he turns and strolls out of the room. I deflate. Yeah, so he’s still mad at me. I get it. Once we do the spell and have a plan, we’ll all have a little more breathing room. Hopefully. And I can make it up to Ryan.
Cheyenne returns with a load of bags. She dumps most of them on the coffee table and hands another to Ryan.
“I bought some beer since you helped move,” she says.
He pulls out a six pack with a grin. “Looks like I’ll be staying for a while.”
I roll my eyes, but I’m glad he’s staying. I’m nervous about the spell. And even more nervous I’ll see something I’m not prepared for.
“I bought wine, too,” Cheyenne says, “but it’s kind of early for that. Maybe we should try the spell first.”
Ryan returns and pops the top on a beer before handing it to me. “Not too early for beer. Relax.”
It’s good advice, but my stomach’s filled with nerves. I take a long swallow of the beer and crouch at the coffee table with Cheyenne. She pulls out candles and a handful of crystals. 
“I have no idea what to do with this,” I say. When I saw witches in the past do their spells each one had their own routine. Some used crystals and some used herbs and others just candles and the outdoors. “I hope it’s all up for interpretation.”
“As far as I know, it is. Ryan, can you get the blinds? We need…ambiance.”
She helps me set up the candles while Ryan darkens the room. We place them in between the points of the pentagon shape drawn on a mat in front of us. She slips open a book a skims her finger over the page. “You’ve seen someone do a spell before, right?”
I nod. “Relax, stay open, call to the elements, focus on what you want or say some words to activate a spell, and then close…it.”
“Close it?” Ryan asks, lifting his brows. He sits on the couch, his beer hanging from one hand while he scratches his chin with the other.
“Yes,” Cheyenne says. “Give thanks to the elements, kind of a blessing or whatever, and then Willow’s done.”
“But I’ve seen it done more simply without all the pomp and circumstance. For now, I’ll go by the book.” I take another swig of beer. “Okay, let’s do this before I change my mind.”
Cheyenne fiddles in her bag for a lighter. Inspired, I channel the same energy I did today with Logan. Just the idea of him makes anger spark and I find the flames easily. I shoot them toward the candles. 
The candles light, flickering high once before settling to a normal size. Both Ryan and Cheyenne jerk back.
“Shit,” Ryan says, scooting over on the couch some. “Give a guy some warning. Almost spilled my beer.”
I send him a nervous smile, amazed it worked so well‒and so precisely. I didn’t set anyone on fire.
“Ignore him,” Cheyenne says. “You did good. Now, relax and call the elements.”
I take a deep breath and close my eyes, focusing my energy, trying to make sure I have complete control of it. I don’t move for so long, I finally feel a hand on my back. Ryan. 
“I call on the elements,” I say. “Earth, air, wind, and fire.” 
Cheyenne nods at me from across the coffee table. The flames flicker and it’s like I can feel energy all around me. In the air, in my body, underneath me. All the way down to my fingertips. 
I say a simple spell seeking the location of my Book of Shadows and add, “As I will, so let it be,” onto the end because it sounds more official. 
The flames flicker again. I don’t know what I expect. Maybe a whisper, a flash of a location‒something subtle. 
Instead, it hits me hard, knocking me back against the ground. I close my eyes as visions flood my brain. 
A sliding panel, dark, dank walls. And a book shoved in between a crack. It’s cold. Cold enough, I‒
“Willow.”
My eyelids flutter, my chest heaving with sharp, heavy breaths. Two faces hover over me. Cheyenne and Ryan. 
“Willow,” Ryan says, “wake up.”
His hands are brushing my cheeks, distracting me. I try to push them aside.
“I was just starting to see something,” I mumble.
He catches my hands in his, eyes serious. “You were out for five minutes.”
“What?” I struggle to sit up. Ryan scoops an arm beneath me and pulls me into a sitting position. I slump against him, my head spinning. 
“You said this wasn’t dangerous,” he whispers, breath tickling my ear.
I swallow. “It isn’t. I saw the book.”
“You did?” Cheyenne perks up. 
“I think…” I remember the feel of the cold seeping into my bones, see the sliding panel again. “I think I know where it is.”
“Where?” Ryan asks.
“The Shadow Hill Hotel.”




Chapter 20

“No.” Ryan folds his arms with a quick shake of his head.
“Ryan‒”
“No,” he says again. He stands next to the couch where I’m sitting, mouth drawn in a frown. “You’re not going over there right now. You still look like you’re about to pass out.”
When my hands tremble, I squeeze them together. “It’s just because I was surprised. I wasn’t expecting that to happen.”
Cheyenne blows out the candles and gathers the rest of the items to put in a basket. She gives me a sympathetic smile. “That was kind of scary. I mean, I just thought you’d have a quick vision or something. Not pass out.”
“I did have a vision‒I didn’t pass out.”
“You stopped breathing,” Ryan says.
My mouth drops open. 
Cheyenne flutters her hands at me in a soothing motion. “Just a few seconds. Stop being dramatic, Ryan‒”
“Dramatic? Screw that. It was dangerous. She stopped breathing, Cheyenne. You think that’s worth it? She doesn’t need a vampire to kill her, she can just die in a vision.”
The room goes quiet. I get to my feet, hands clenched at my sides, trying to stop the dizziness that keeps hitting me. But then Ryan turns to me, apology in his eyes. “I didn’t mean that. I’m‒I don’t want you to get hurt. This isn’t exactly familiar or comfortable territory for me.” He reaches out, smoothing his hands across my shoulders and down my arms. “Listen, I just want you to take a minute. Eat something. Get your color back. Maybe think about going tomorrow.”
“We’re running out of time. If I wait until tomorrow, that’s one less day we have to plan what we’re going to do.”
There’s a struggle on his face. He knows it’s true. He knows we need a plan, but I can see where he’s coming from. This isn’t exactly normal stuff we’re dealing with here. So far a lot of it has been a gamble, and Ryan strikes me as the kind of person who likes to stick to the simple solution.
The safe solution.
“Sit,” Cheyenne says. “Drink something. I’ll run and get food and then we can decide.”
When I frown, Ryan urges me to the couch. “Come on. Just an hour break.”
Once I’m seated, Cheyenne leaves. I blow out a long breath and close my eyes, leaning my head back on the cushion. “At least I have a couch,” I mumble.
I hear Ryan’s soft laugh beside me. His hand touches my shoulder, rubbing at the knots in the muscles. “We don’t have to go anywhere today.”
I open one eye at him briefly. “You aren’t going to change my mind.”
I go back to relaxing but when I feel his breath on my ear, both eyes whip open this time. 
“Ry‒”
He stops me with a kiss, hard and deep. My hands find his shoulders, curving them around his muscles and sliding up to his neck. Ryan grips my waist and hauls me onto his lap.
“You’re trying to distract me,” I say, lips brushing his. 
“You want me to distract you. You want this.”
“I do. I do want this, but‒”
I yank in a breath when his hands work their way under my shirt. His fingertips sweep against my ribs, trace them to my back, and I shiver. His hand is like a waterfall down my spine.
“I need you naked to really distract you,” he whispers, lips pressing at my neck, my jaw, my earlobe. “Can you do this?”
The fire is simmering in my veins, skimming so close to the surface, I have to release a slow breath. “I’m trying.”
But my heart is racing and suddenly I’m not so sure. 
Ryan cups my face in his hands. “What is it?” I start to shake my head, but he holds me still. “Willow, tell me what happened.”
I curl my fingers into the cotton of his T-shirt, trying to focus my thoughts. “It…the fire…it didn’t start until college. Before that, I had a boyfriend. We were half in love. We could be intimate and it wasn’t a problem. But when I went to college, we split up and…” I clear my throat, eyes flashing to his. “I met this other guy at a party. He was nice at first‒but later that night, he wanted to take things further. I told him I wasn’t ready, and he‒he wouldn’t stop.”
“Willow.” Ryan takes my hands, fingers strong around mine. Steadying. 
I swallow and look away. “Anyway, he was on top of me and‒and I couldn’t get him off. His hands were everywhere, under my shirt and pulling off my pants, and I panicked. I fought at first, and then I froze because I didn’t know what else to do.”
“And then the fire came?”
“Yes. His arms caught fire. He‒I‒I didn’t know what to do. I called the police and he wouldn’t stop screaming until the fire went out. They had to take him away in an ambulance. I‒” I choke on emotion, tucking my chin to my chest.
“Willow.” Ryan’s thumbs brush my cheeks and his lips find mine. “It wasn’t your fault.”
“It was,” I said, voice hoarse. “I couldn’t stop it. He‒he was in so much pain.”
“Self-defense,” Ryan murmured. “You never would have hurt him if he hadn’t attacked you.”
“But‒”
“Willow, please listen to me. It’s not your fault.”
He pulls me against his chest, hand warm on my back. I’m still straddling his lap, and I sink into his embrace. His brushes my hair off my neck and murmurs a few more words I can’t make out.
Finally, he says, “Sorry. I shouldn’t have…made you do this‒”
“No.” I straighten. “Ryan, you didn’t make me do anything. I want this. I want‒” I shove my hands in my hair. “God, I want to be with you. I want you so badly. I just‒I’m afraid I’m going to hurt you.”
“You won’t. I trust you.”
“I don’t.” I shake my head. “I don’t trust me.”
“You’re learning to control it,” he says, gaze locked on mine. “You can do it.”
And I can’t ignore the passion smoldering in his eyes, or the ache I feel because he’s so close but so far away. 
I slide my hands under his shirt, feeling his abdomen tighten. “Help me,” I whisper. “Help me do this.”
His breath hitches and he nods. “Slow, Willow. You can do this.”
I reach for the button on his pants and hear a car in the drive. My hands freeze. I look up. “Cheyenne’s here.”
His head drops back and he groans. “I’m dying. I swear.”
I laugh and try to get up. He grabs my hips and holds me down. “Tonight,” he says. “Tonight, I’m going to be here. And we’re going to do this.”
My stomach flips with nerves and excitement. “Tonight.”
~ ~ ~
“How do you even know about this secret panel?” Cheyenne asks. 
She and Ryan follow me into the Shadow Hill Hotel as the sun sinks toward the horizon. 
“I…” I glance at Ryan. “I accidentally found it while I was walking around with Logan. I was planning on doing research, but I leaned against the wall and the panel opened.”
A muscle jumps in Ryan’s jaw, but he doesn’t say anything. We walk through the lobby, which isn’t as crowded as it was over the weekend, and I lead them down the same familiar hallway we explored a few days ago.
“I think Selena was trying to show it to me.” I glance at Cheyenne. “Maybe to try to help me find my Book of Shadows.”
We pass a couple in the hallway and I smile, trying to pretend like we’re going to our room. When we reach the same part of the wall where the panel is, I glance around before pressing my hands against the surface. “It’s here somewhere.”
Ryan pushes against the wall, too. “Are you sure?”
I nod. When nothing moves or changes, I stand still.
“What are you doing?” Cheyenne asks.
“Feeling for a draft. That’s why I stopped here the first time.”
Ryan and Cheyenne wait. I close my eyes. A cool draft blows against my cheeks, fluttering my hair. I open my eyes and walk straight forward. My hands find the wall again. I press against it, then lean against it, and give it a kick for good measure when it still won’t open.
“Selena,” I whisper, leaning my forehead against the wall. “I need to get in.”
I hear a click and the panel shifts. I stumble and Ryan grabs my arm.
“Looks like all you had to do was ask,” Cheyenne says with a grin. “I’ll be the lookout. Hurry.”
Ryan pushes the panel farther to the side and pulls out the small flashlight he brought. He shines it in the darkness. I can make out stones on the walls and flooring that looks like it belongs in a cave.
I start to step inside, but Ryan takes my arm again. “Let me.”
He moves to go in, but it’s like he’s walking into a wall. “What the hell?” He lifts his hands and presses them against an invisible surface.
“Maybe there’s a spell on it,” Cheyenne says. “To keep people out.”
“Except me,” I say. “Or except witches.”
I take the flashlight from Ryan. “It’s fine, I’ll just look around.”
He frowns, but there’s nothing he can do. I step inside the cavern, then turn and peek my head back out. “Can you just…kind of hold this panel here?”
“Why?”
I smile. “Last time I came in here, it shut behind me and I sort of…”
“Sort of what?”
“Got stuck.”
Cheyenne makes a face and Ryan’s frown deepens. “I swear,” he says, “you’re a magnet for danger. Hurry up.”
I duck back in and use the flashlight to search the stones. The cold seeps into my bones again and I shiver. “Come on, Selena,” I whisper.
“Someone’s coming,” Cheyenne calls.
“Close the panel,” I tell Ryan.
“Hell no‒”
“Just for a minute.” I nod at him. “It’s fine, we don’t want anyone suspecting anything.”
His eyes are conflicted as he closes the panel. All the light except for the small beam from my flashlight is cut off. I hear whispering and whip around, shining my flashlight against more stones. But when I shift, I see a gaping hole of blackness.
I hadn’t taken the time to look around the first time, but now I can see that it’s not just a small cavern carved out to hold a few people. There’s another passageway or some kind of tunnel that leads away from where I’m standing.
Shining the flashlight in that direction, I try to see if I can find the end. It looks like it keeps going.
More whispering sounds close to my ear and I bite my lip. “I hope that’s you, Selena. Where’s the book?”
There are muffled voices outside the panel. Who are Cheyenne and Ryan talking to? Each other? The person walking by? 
I hear something sliding against the stones and whip my flashlight in that direction. It’s only a few feet from the door. One of the stones falls from the wall, hitting the rock below and echoing sharply in the cavern.
I bite back a scream but clutch my necklace like it’ll protect me. When nothing else happens, I inch forward and shine my flashlight where the stone was. There’s a small hole. Taking a breath, I reach inside. I gasp when my fingers touch something.
When I feel it again, my stomach flutters with excitement. It’s some kind of cloth. I get a better grip, fingers closing around something solid inside, and pull. After a few yanks, the item comes loose in my hand.
Holding the flashlight between my cheek and shoulder, I light the material. It’s old and musty, but it comes undone easily, and inside is a book. 
My Book of Shadows. 
“Thank you, Selena.”
I hear more voices and start toward the panel again, but there’s whispering behind me once more.
This way. 
I grit my teeth. “I can’t. I have to get out of here.”
This way.
Shit. I want to follow Selena’s voice if she’s telling me there’s something else I need to see. But I can’t just leave Cheyenne and Ryan. 
I press on the panel and say, “Ryan?”
The voices stop, I hear silence for several seconds, and then Ryan’s voice. “Willow.” His hands fumble on the outside of the panel. “Open it. Can you open it?”
I push on the panel, the familiar flicker of panic taking over. “Come on,” I grunt.
“Willow!” Ryan’s voice is urgent now, and Cheyenne’s joins in.
“Push, Willow! Push on it.”
I do, and then pound my fists, but the panel won’t budge. 
This way.
“No,” I say. “I’m going out here!”
The panel pops open and I stumble into Cheyenne and Ryan. He catches my arms, peering into my face. “Are you okay?”
He doesn’t wait for an answer, just brushes his hands down my arms, searching everywhere for wounds. 
“I’m fine,” I say. “Really.”
“Shit,” Ryan whispers, dragging me into his arms. He presses his forehead against mine. “I couldn’t get to you.”
“I told you it got stuck last time, too. I think…” I shake my head, voice muffled against his shoulder. The book is wedged between us and I ease back. “I found it.”
Cheyenne takes the book, mouth open. “Your vision was right.”
I nod. “And I think there’s something else. There’s a tunnel farther back. I think Selena was trying to get me to go there.”
“Not happening,” Ryan says, grabbing my hand. “One disaster at a time.”
Cheyenne rolls her eyes at me. 
“But, shouldn’t we just take a look?” I ask.
In response, Ryan shoves the panel closed, making it blend back into the wall. “No, we’re not taking a look, we’re leaving.”
I start to say something, but he shakes his head. He grabs my hand again, giving it a tug. “Come on, Willow. You haven’t had the easiest afternoon. Let’s start with the book and we can go exploring later.”
I sigh, but when Cheyenne says, “Maybe that’s a good idea,” I give in and follow him to the lobby of the hotel again. 
We step into the night air. The sun has gone behind the horizon and the sky is dim. I start down the front stairs. Cheyenne grabs my arm. “Wait.”
She lifts her chin, almost like she’s sniffing the air, then her eyes narrow in the direction of the parking lot. It’s too dim for me to see anything but her jaw clenches.
“Logan’s here.”



Chapter 21

Ryan’s eyes search the darkness as well, but he shakes his head. Cheyenne’s eyesight must be heightened now, too. 
“Where?” he asks.
Cheyenne frowns. “Standing by your truck.”
“What the hell is he doing here?” Ryan runs his hand through his hair. “Now what?”
“We have to get home,” I say. “Let’s just go.”
Ryan steps into my path, shooting Cheyenne a look. “She’s crazy. I’m telling you. Willow, seriously? You’re going to walk right up to him and what? Ask him to move?”
“If he’s blocking our way.”
Ryan curses again and takes my arms. 
“Too late,” Cheyenne says, “he’s coming over here.”
“Inside,” Ryan says, turning me around. “Go back inside.”
“No, Ryan‒”
In an instant, Logan is there, voice low and dangerous. “Get your hands off her.”
Ryan whips to face him, and they both stand there, bodies vibrating with tension. “You’re not coming near her again.”
“It’s up to her, not you,” Logan says. Then he flashes a grin and steps back. “Hi, Willow.”
I stay partially behind Ryan, but ask, “What are you doing here?”
“What are you doing here?”
His eyes are glued to mine like we’re the only two people on the earth. 
“You said you’d give me two days,” I say.
He nods. “And I wasn’t lying. I’m just here to see what you’re up to.”
“It’s none of your business,” Cheyenne snaps.
Logan spares her a glance. “Quite the entourage you have here. Descendents from the original families. This could get dangerous.”
I grip Ryan’s arm, trying to keep him still. He’s a wall of muscle and doesn’t even budge. “Nothing is going to get dangerous,” I say firmly. “We’re leaving now.”
“What do you have there?” Logan asks.
I clutch the Book of Shadows to my chest, hard enough my knuckles turn white. “It’s mine.”
He holds up his hands. “Hey, I’m not trying to take it from you. I just want to make sure we’re on the right track. Looks like we might be.”
“That’s enough,” Ryan says. “We’re going. Now.”
Cheyenne starts down the stairs. Ryan takes my hand, keeping himself between me and Logan as he follows her.
“Willow,” Logan calls behind us.
Ryan tenses, his grip tightening on my hand. 
I glance back and catch the white of Logan’s smile.
“See you soon,” he says.
Ryan wraps his arm around my shoulders to keep me moving. “In the truck,” he says as we approach the vehicle. I look over. “Please.”
I nod, hopping in the passenger seat after Cheyenne gets in the back. He looks so tense, so worried, all I can do is keep silent as Ryan drives us back to my new house.
~ ~ ~
Standing at the counter in front of the sink, I fill a glass with water and drink it while I stare through the window into the darkness. I jump when I see Ryan’s reflection behind me, but he wraps his arms around me before I can turn. 
“Are you okay?” he asks, lips close to my ear.
I shiver. “Yes.”
“Don’t let him get to you.”
“I’m not. I just…wish he’d leave me alone. Let me figure this out. I’m glad you were there, though.”
“Me too,” he murmurs. 
Cheyenne is already gone and the house feels so lonely.
“I’m glad you’re here now,” I tell him.
He brushes my hair to the side and trails kisses down my neck and along my shoulder. “If you want me to go, I will.”
I shake my head, breathing out as he continues kissing my shoulder. His lips are softer than I remember, warm on my skin. “I don’t want you to go.”
One of his hands slides under my shirt, pressing against my stomach.
“If you’re tired…” His voice lowers. “I can crash on the couch.”
I try to turn around, but he holds me tight against him. His hand slides to my breast, cupping it. My throat dries. The flames stay low inside as he keeps it slow and simple. “I am tired,” I whisper, smiling when I feel him exhale behind me. “But all I want to do right now is lose myself in you. And try not to set you on fire.”
His arm contracts, holding me close. “I’m so glad you said that.”
He spins me around. His lips meet mine, warm and firm. Angling his head, he deepens the kiss, making my legs feel wobbly. His other arm supports me around my waist, hand dipping to grab my butt.
I pull his shirt over his head. Then I press kisses to his chest, feeling his muscles jump in response. 
“Willow,” he says, voice hoarse.
“It’s okay,” I whisper. I feel strong, like the flames aren’t in control of me. “I can do this.”
This seems to encourage him. He rips my shirt over my head, letting it fall to the floor, and traps me against the counter. His lips race across my cheek and down my jaw. His hands fist in my hair as he presses against me. 
I can feel him, stiff and warm, through his jeans, and I start to throb with heat and need. And the flames rise a little higher.
“Not yet,” I hiss.
He lifts his head. “What?”
“Nothing,” I whisper, reaching for the button on his pants to undo it.
“God, I want you, Willow.”
I wrap my arms around his neck. “I want you, too.”
His fingers are at my back, undoing my bra. It slips down my arms and drops next to my shirt. His eyes skim my breasts and he smiles. “You’re beautiful.”
Both his hands are on me now, thumbs brushing my nipples before he dips to trace his tongue over one. I arch my back, letting out a low moan. I force the flames to stay deep inside, but I can feel them flickering, trying to lash out.
“Please,” I whisper. “More.”
He hikes my legs up and I wrap them around his waist. He turns us to the living room as I hold on, my bare breasts pressing against his chest. I fist my hands in the back of his hair. He groans and stops, pressing me against the wall in the hallway. 
He’s fully aroused, straining against his pants. I slide my legs to the floor and yank his jeans off. But he catches my wrists before I can go any further and secures them in one hand before holding them against the wall. My chest heaves with heavy breaths, desire racing through me. Trapped. Aching for him.
He finds the button on my jeans with his free hand. He dips his hand inside my underwear, cupping me. His finger shoots deep inside and I cry out with pleasure, my vision going gray.
“Ryan,” I gasp.
He works his finger in and out, making me close my eyes and twist my head to the side against the wall.
“Tell me what you want,” he says. “Anything.”
“Bring me to the bedroom. I want you naked. I want you inside me.”
He doesn’t hesitate. He grabs a condom from the back pocket of his jeans before scooping me up against him while my body still aches with heat and want. I kiss his neck, trail my fingers over his shoulders. When he gets me to the bed, he sets me down and tugs off my pants. Then he inches down my underwear, fingers brushing the insides of my thighs the entire way.
I can barely see him in the low light of the room. I remember the candles Cheyenne put on the small dresser in the corner. I will the flames in their direction, and the candles burst to life. Ryan straightens, jerking a look over his shoulder.
“Willow,” he breathes. 
When he turns back, I’m up on my knees, pressing against him. “I want to see you. I want to see you when I touch you.”
I can feel his hardness pressing against me. I pull his boxers down, my hand closing over him. He’s thick and firm, and I can feel the pulsing of his heartbeat. The flames tickle the inside of my skin, and I swallow.
“Sorry,” I whisper. “Just…just a minute.”
He uses the moment to rip open the package and put on the condom. When I can breathe easy again, I shove him down on the pillows and straddle him. 
“My turn,” I say with a smile.
“Willow‒”
“No arguments. I have to. Just this once. I want to make sure nothing happens.” This way I can go as fast or as slow as I want.
He seems to understand and relaxes back on the bed. I lean over, my hair tickling his chest. I can feel the heat rising from him, see the candle flames flickering off his toned skin. I brush my lips against his, then trace his bottom one with my tongue. 
He wraps his arms around me, trying to sit up, but I push him back down. “Not yet,” I whisper. 
I hover over him, his hardness pressing against my opening. He lets out a jagged breath.
“Willow.”
“Almost,” I say. The flames subside again.
I take Ryan into me, relaxing on top of him. He squeezes his eyes shut tight before gripping my hips. 
“God, you’re killing me,” he says. 
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t.” He exhales, fingers squeezing my waist. “You’re doing fine.”
I brace my hands against his chest, rocking back and forth, feeling the friction. And he meets me, beat for beat, holding on like he’s right at the edge. 
“I’m okay,” I tell him when his eyes meet mine.
“Good.” 
He grabs my shoulders and flips me over. I let out a startled gasp, and then a pleasured moan when he enters me again, hard and quick. He pulls my legs up and I wrap them around his back and he pumps into me. My fingers grip the sheets as I go over the edge, crying out his name.
Ryan follows soon after, climaxing as I come again. The flames from the candles shoot high into the air and then lower when he collapses on me, breathing heavy.
I lay still, happy and tired and sated. 
And relieved. 
I hadn’t even been able to control myself with Logan, but I had with Ryan. 
He rolls to the side, taking the warmth with him. He tugs on the covers, pulling them over me. He props his head on his hand. “Are you okay?”
“Yes.”
He smiles. “That’s all? Just yes?”
“I didn’t know if I could do it.”
He brushes his thumb on my cheekbone. “You did. And it was pretty amazing.”
“I didn’t hurt you,” I whisper.
“No. It’ll hurt me if we don’t do that again, though. Soon. Especially with the connection. It was…”
I laugh when he doesn’t finish. “Trust me, I was planning on making that a daily occurrence.”
“I’m not going to argue with that.”
His hand finds my stomach under the covers. His fingers are rough, callused, the hands of a worker. They’re also warm and gentle. I shiver when he brushes his thumb back and forth.
“Thanks,” I say, looking over.
“For what?” he asks, eyes dipping to my lips.
“Being patient with me.”
A smile quirks one corner of his mouth. “It was worth it.”
His hand travels higher, fingers curling around my breast. I lift an eyebrow, but he only grins.
“Will you stay here tonight?” I ask, my voice serious.
His smile fades. “Of course I will.”
“Thanks.”
I turn on my side and he curls an arm around me, tucking me close to his body. His hands are still warm on me, and I close my eyes, feeling safe for the first time since I arrived in Shadow Hill.



Chapter 22

The feeling of safety isn’t as easy to hold onto the next day when I find Ryan doubled over in the kitchen.
I crouch next to him. “What’s wrong?”
“Willow‒just go. You need to go,” he says, holding his arm out to ward me off.
“Ryan. What’s happening?”
“I’m shifting,” he gasps.
My mouth drops open. I glance around, looking for my phone. “I’ll call Cheyenne. I don’t know what to do‒”
“No, stop. Just get out. I don’t want to hurt y‒” He hitches a sharp breath and hangs his head. 
I touch his back, then jerk away when I feel his ribs move. “Oh, God. Ryan‒”
He gets to his feet, using the counter to steady himself. His face is twisted in pain. I reach out, but he turns away from me, angling for the back door. He yanks it open and yells, “Don’t follow me.”
Ryan disappears from the door, racing across the yard and behind the old shed. My feet are rooted to the floor. I’m too scared to follow after him, too afraid I’ll see something he doesn’t want me to see. That he won’t trust me after this.
I break from my trance and hurry to the living room. I find my phone and call Cheyenne.
She answers the phone with a sultry voice. “Good morning, you sexy witch‒”
“Cheyenne, something’s wrong with Ryan.”
Her tone turns even. “What happened?”
“I found him in the kitchen, on the ground. He said he was shifting‒he looked like he was in pain‒”
“Take a breath,” she says calmly. “We knew this was going to happen eventually.”
“We did?”
“Yes, we did.” I hear the flipping of pages in the background and wonder if she’s reading a book.
“I don’t know what to do. He doesn’t want me near him.”
I pace to the kitchen again, peering out the window. When I don’t see anything, I walk to the back door.
“He’s been avoiding this his whole life. His dad was a shifter and it always caused problems between him and Ryan’s mom. Ryan’s father wanted the curse to end, wanted to be able to shift when he felt like it.”
“Oh,” I breathe. No wonder this is so hard for Ryan. “Has he ever shifted before?”
“I think maybe once or twice. He said it hurts.”
My chest aches and I rub a fist over my heart. I open the back door and look around. “That’s terrible.”
“It gets easier the more he does it‒but Ryan doesn’t want to do it.”
“What should I do?” I ask.
She sighs on the other end. “Wait. Give him some space. Hopefully he’ll change back soon and it’ll be okay.”
It doesn’t sound like the best solution, but it probably is. 
“Hey,” Cheyenne says before I can hang up. “We should get together and make a plan for tomorrow.”
Tomorrow. Right. When Logan expects me to start helping him again. 
“You’re right. I’ll wait here a while for Ryan first.”
“Good idea.”
I end the call and shove the phone in my pocket. Movement by the shed catches my eye. I clench my fingers around the handle of the door when I see something race by. It’s a fox. 
My lips part. It meets my eyes, staring at me so long I whisper, “Ryan?”
The fox runs behind the shed again. I want to go after it, but I can’t do that to Ryan. Not if he doesn’t want me to see him. Why would he turn into a fox?
My shapeshifter history is lacking. I need to brush up. I head inside to get ready. The house is still bare enough it hardly looks like anyone lives here, but I’m getting used to it already. I like it. 
The fact that Ryan and his crew made it what it is helps.
I start brewing coffee and decide on a shower. The water is warm. I close my eyes and let it run over my face and down my back. 
Tomorrow. Tomorrow I have to face Logan again or he’s going to be really angry. And I have no idea what to do. What to say to him. I can’t do the spell because it will put a lot of people in danger. But I also can’t hide from him forever. 
When I hear a noise in the bathroom, my eyes whip open. 
Ryan appears at the door to the shower, naked. “Mind if I join you?”
I’m too surprised to say anything but, “No.”
His lips curve, giving nothing away. “No you don’t want company or no you don’t mind?”
“I don’t mind,” I say, reaching for him.
He steps inside and closes the door behind him. His arms come around me, pressing me against his chest.
“Are you okay?” I say against the curve of his shoulder.
“I’m fine.”
I try to pull back to see his face, but he holds tight. His hands slide through the water on my back, reaching to cup my buttocks. 
“Ryan,” I say, an ache in my voice. “I want to help. I‒”
“You can help by distracting me.” He leans back, eyes meeting mine. “Distract me. Just this once.”
I nod, hating the desperation I see on his face. I touch his cheek, the stubble rough against my palm, and kiss him. My tongue slides against his, frantic to go deeper, close enough we’re almost one.
Skimming my hands down his sides, I reach between us to grip him. He’s hard and smooth. He presses one hand against the wall, his breath whooshing out. I continue to slide my fingers back and forth, wanting to take his mind off of what just happened.
The flames are low and quiet, enough that I can almost completely ignore them.
“Willow,” he says, voice ragged.
I slide faster until his body clenches. He drags me to him, crushing me against his chest as his arms tighten. His heart hammers against mine and his lips find my cheek, my shoulder, skim down to my chest, and he empties himself. 
“Thank you,” he whispers, mouth against mine again.
I nod, holding him close in a hug. 
“I didn’t want you to see me like that,” he says.
“I understand.”
He cups my cheeks between his hands. “Do you?”
“I stopped myself from being with anyone for so long because of the fire. But I trusted you and you helped me. I want you to trust me, too.”
He kisses me softly on the lips. “I do trust you. I just need some time.”
I swallow my disappointment. I can give him time. As long as Logan doesn’t hurt me or kidnap me again, I have all the time in the world.
Ryan’s hands are slick on my body. “Next time,” he murmurs, finding the soap and running it over my shoulders. He turns me around and rubs it on my back.
“Next time, what?”
“It’s my turn to distract you.” I glance over my shoulder and his eyes are cloudy with desire. “I’ll give you everything you want. And I’ll take it nice and slow.”
I shiver and turn around, surprised to find him hard again. “Slow is good.”
He slides his arms around me once more and I forget the fox and the fire, and lose myself in his kiss.
~ ~ ~
“A protection spell,” Cheyenne says.
She’s perched on the edge of her desk in the library, reading through a list she made before we arrived. Ryan’s arms are folded and he’s staring out the window.
“Protection for what?” I ask.
“For you. Either something specific that will follow you everywhere or something for your house, so you can stay there.”
“He already can’t come in,” I tell her, sighing. “But I can’t stay in my house forever. The instant I come out for any reason at all, he’s going to be there.”
Ryan turns to look at me, eyes dark and frustrated. “A spell for you. Something like your necklace, but stronger.”
I brought my Book of Shadows and there are protection spells, but most of them are temporary. The strongest thing I’ve found so far is the amethyst. “So if I just cover myself in crystals, I should be fine.”
He doesn’t smile.
“Come on, Ryan, we’re trying to figure this out.”
He turns back to the window. “I’m not going to be good company today.”
“Then why don’t you go?” Cheyenne pulls off her glasses and rubs them on the edge of her shirt. “Go get some work done, distract yourself, and meet us for lunch so we can tell you our plan.”
“We don’t have a plan,” I say.
She smiles. “We will.”
When I walk to Ryan, he nods. “I should. I should get over to the site for a while.”
“I’ll walk you out.”
He inclines his head and I walk with him through the front door, into the sunshine. His shoulders are tense when he looks around, gaze traveling each side of the street.
I get chills even though it’s warm. “What is it?”
He returns his attention to me. “Nothing.”
“Is it Logan?” I ask, my shoulders tensing now, too. I still have one more day‒I wish he’d leave me alone.
“No.” He takes my face in his hands, eyes meeting mine fully. “No, Willow. It’s fine. I was just…making sure I didn’t see anything.”
“Like what?”
He sighs, hands lowering to my shoulders. “I saw a fox in your backyard. That’s what triggered the shift. I couldn’t stop it.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. I didn’t‒didn’t know it could happen that easily.”
He clenches his teeth. “It shouldn’t. But I’m not used to shifting. I didn’t think I’d ever have to get used to it.”
My stomach clenches. And it’s my fault. He wouldn’t have to deal with this if I hadn’t come to Shadow Hill. Or if I’d left in the first place.
“Don’t think that,” he whispers.
“What? How do you know what I’m thinking?”
“I know what you’re feeling. Guilt. I can feel it, too. And it’s not your fault.”
I don’t answer, just nod.
“Willow.” He sighs, pulling me against him, lips brushing my cheek. “I’ll stay. I can go to the site later.”
Over his shoulder, I see someone standing across the street. Logan. I straighten and shake my head, trying to ignore him. “No.” I smile at Ryan. “It’s fine. Get some work done.”
He glances over his shoulder, frowning. But Logan is gone. “You sure?”
“Yes.” I step back. “Go. We’ll plan.”
“Logical plans,” he says. “Something that helps‒not more things that will put you in danger.”
“There’s a bigger picture here. It’s not just about me.”
He shakes his head. “You’re important in this. It’s not going to help if you get hurt.”
“We’ll figure it out,” I assure him. I start to turn back to the library, but he catches my arm.
“Not yet,” he says. 
He presses one hand flat on my back, holding me to him. His fingers are warm through my shirt, strong and steady even after what happened to him this morning. His breath mingles with mine when he leans in. His other hand traces my cheekbone. 
“I don’t want anything to happen to you,” he says quietly in my ear. 
“It won’t.”
His lips brush across mine, just a tease. I push closer and fuse my mouth to his, drawing strength from him. His fingers slide into my hair and tighten there for a brief moment before he releases me.
“Just a few hours,” he says.
I nod, stepping back. “A few hours.”
He turns and walks to his truck.
A chill races up my spine and it has nothing to do with Ryan’s kiss. I almost retreat to the library. But I squeeze the stone on my necklace and say, “I know you’re there.”
Logan strolls around the building, hands in his pockets. I have no idea how he got over here so fast, but now he’s right in front of me.
He smiles. “You’re getting awful friendly with the shifter.”
My jaw clenches and I resist the urge to say something back.
“I remember not too many days ago, you were getting friendly with me.” He takes another step, close enough he can reach out and touch me. “But I noticed you didn’t set him on fire.”
“He’s not using me.”
Logan’s lips quirk. “Is that all it is? Something so simple and you fall for him.”
“It’s not‒”
“What?” he asks when I don’t continue. “It’s not what?”
I keep my mouth shut. I don’t have to explain myself to Logan. It’s more than the fact that he’s not using me. It’s that Ryan respects me. He didn’t try to influence me to do anything.
“Have dinner with me,” Logan says. 
“What?”
He props his arm against the building, just inches from where my shoulder is leaning. “I want you to come to my house for dinner. So we can talk. Without anyone else. Without you thinking I expect anything. I just want to talk. Explain some things.”
“Are you serious?”
“Don’t I look serious?”
He does. He looks serious and dangerous. The last person I should be having dinner with‒especially in his house.
“I’m not going to your house again.”
I turn to go in the library, but he’s faster than me, blocking my path. “Please,” he says.
The word makes me hesitate. What can he tell me that’s going to make any difference? 
“It doesn’t matter what you have to say,” I tell him. “Your reasons aren’t going to make it right for me to do the spell.”
His eyes darken. “Be smart about this, Willow. I’m giving you a chance to understand where I’m coming from. To make this simpler. Less dangerous.”
“I’ll take my chances,” I say. Holding my necklace in his direction, I ease around him and enter the library.



Chapter 23

“I’m still not sure about this.”
I give Ryan the same look I’ve been giving him since yesterday morning before I saw Logan again. The look that says, We don’t have a choice. 
We don’t. Logan gave me a time limit, and I’m not willing to test his patience.
I load my satchel with my phone, my keys, my Book of Shadows, and a plastic bag of vervain that Cheyenne hands me.
“So, I just put it in his drink and it’ll work?”
Cheyenne nods. “That’s what the book says. As long as he drinks his drink.”
“And if he doesn’t?” Ryan asks, arms folded.
He stands at the counter, ignoring the cup of coffee I poured for him. He hasn’t shifted again since yesterday and it felt good to have him here in my house last night, to keep me from thinking too much about how I’m supposed to somehow trick Logan today. 
To get him weak enough we can trap him.
“I’ll try to get him comfortable, get him talking about the spell. I’ll try to get him to trust me.”
Ryan frowns. “As much as it pains me to admit this, he’s not an idiot.”
“I can be convincing,” I say.
“Maybe we should just bring a wooden stake and attack him.”
I swallow, shaking my head. “I can’t…can’t kill him. I just‒I want to get him locked up until we can figure out a solution. This will buy us some time‒hopefully.”
Ryan runs a hand through his hair and checks his watch. “Okay, when are we doing this?”
“Soon,” I say, glancing at Cheyenne. “Now. Before he comes here or something.”
“You’re protected,” Cheyenne assures me. “You drank the vervain, you have the amethyst, and we did that spell. He can’t hurt you. You just need to get him weaker.”
I nod and turn for the door. Ryan follows me out. “You sure you don’t want me to drive you?”
“I don’t want him to get suspicious. You should follow me.”
“Hey,” Ryan says, catching my arm. “Please, just…just be careful.”
“I will.”
“Not Willow’s version of careful, a normal person’s version of careful.”
I smile. “Are you saying I’m not normal?”
His hands slide up my arms, cup my cheeks. “I’m saying you’re headstrong.”
“Reckless?”
“Whatever you want to call it. Self-preservation isn’t something you have a solid grip on yet.”
I frown. He kisses me, rubbing his hand down my back and along my hip. 
“I’ll be careful,” I tell him when he releases me.
“Good. We’ll follow you. We’ll be outside waiting. I’ll feel it if something is wrong, okay? I can be inside in seconds.”
It makes me feel better, and I nod again before waving at Cheyenne and getting in my car. I try to drive the speed limit on the way there, even though I want to slow down and think of a new plan. I don’t know if this is going to work. I don’t know what else to do if it doesn’t. All I know is that my mom is still not answering her phone and I can’t figure out how to reactivate a spell I never did in the first place.
When I get to the diner, I park my car and walk in without looking over my shoulder to see that Ryan and Cheyenne have arrived. I’m pretty sure Logan will find me here, so I have to pretend everything is normal.
I ask the waitress for a booth near the door. Even though it’s louder and more crowded, it’ll make for an easier escape, and it’ll be quicker to get Logan outside if I can weaken him like I’m supposed to.
I order two coffees. When they arrive hot and steaming, I put the vervain in his, my hand shaking as I glance around. I keep looking at the window, too, hoping he won’t walk in and see me.
When I slide his mug back to his side of the table, I straighten as the door opens. It’s Logan.
He lifts his brows when he sees me. “Willow,” he says.
I try to keep my face even. “Hi, Logan. I thought this would be a good place to meet.”
He shrugs out of his jacket and sits across from me. He looks at the coffee.
“Something to drink while we talk.”
He smiles, cupping his hands around the mug. He doesn’t look suspicious. Yet. “Talk. Sounds promising. I’d prefer to do it somewhere quieter, though.”
“I’m not…” I clear my throat. “I want to make sure I know what the plan is before I go anywhere with you.”
He lifts the mug but narrows his eyes. What, can he smell it or something?
I sip my own drink to distract myself. I can feel his eyes on me, locked on my face in question.
He lowers the mug and says, “I’m pretty sure yesterday you said you’d take your chances. So what are you doing here then?”
“This town isn’t that big. I can’t avoid you forever. I’d rather not be kidnapped again.”
This seems to amuse him. “You’re right. This town isn’t that big.”
My eyes keep straying to the mug, willing him to drink. I think one sip is all it’s going to take.
“How about you tell me what’s really going on,” he says.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean it doesn’t take a genius to know you’ve got a plan.”
I put steel in my voice. “My plan is to figure this out with you. I don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
“I don’t believe you. Your plan is to stop me. Tell me what you’re up to.”
“Logan, I’m not‒”
“Willow.” His voice lowers and he casts a quick glance around. “You need to come with me.”
“No.”
He taps his fingers on the edge of the mug. “Do what I say, or your mom gets hurt.”
“What?” I choke out. “My mom? What did you do, Logan? What‒”
“Calm down, Willow. People are starting to stare.”
“Did you hurt her?” I ask.
“Not yet. But if you don’t tell me what you’re up to, she’ll get hurt.”
He lifts the mug to his lips and I reach my hand out. “Don’t drink that.”
Some of the coffee spills, dripping on his hand. He hisses out a breath and sets the mug down calmly, even though his chest his heaving.
“I’ll tell you, Logan, please don’t hurt my mom‒”
He stands abruptly, snagging his jacket. The door opens and Ryan walks through, gaze going straight to our table. 
When I see the murderous look in Ryan’s eyes, I step between them. “Don’t do this here.”
Logan doesn’t seem to care about doing anything but leaving. He yanks open the door and walks out.
I start after him but Ryan catches my arm. “What’s going on?”
“He has my mom.”
I pull away and go after Logan. He only made it a few feet, staring down at his hand before putting his jacket back on. 
“Logan, please‒where’s my mom?”
He rounds on me, eyes so dark I back up until I’m against the building. “I told you what would happen if you tried anything.”
“I didn’t‒I mean, I stopped you from drinking that. I don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
Ryan takes two long strides and stops inches from Logan. He’s taller than him, but Logan doesn’t back down.
“Where’s Willow’s mom?” Ryan asks.
Logan’s lips curve into a deadly smile. “Somewhere safe.”
Ryan grips his collar so fast, I barely see it. But Logan’s just as fast and he shoves Ryan before taking a swing. 
“No!” I reach for Ryan, but I can hardly follow their movements.
Cheyenne runs over from her car. “What the hell is going on?”
 Ryan lands a punch on Logan’s jaw and I gasp. Logan spins around, knocking Ryan to the ground. He aims a kick right into Ryan’s stomach.
“Stop!” I yell, dropping to my knees next to Ryan. 
Logan starts to swing again, sees me and freezes. “Move,” he says.
“No. Logan, don’t do this.”
He swipes at his lip, clearing a drop of blood. His chest is still heaving from the fight, from anger and adrenaline. 
“You have one hour.” He straightens his jacket. “Be at my house in one hour or your mom is going to get hurt.”
He walks away without looking back. I set my hand on Ryan’s stomach. “Are you okay?”
Ryan shifts, and then gets to his feet, hauling me up with him. “I’m fine.”
“But‒”
“I’m fine,” he repeats. 
“I have to go.” 
I start to Ryan’s truck. He scoops an arm around my waist and hauls me back.
“Stop, Willow.”
I whirl around to face him. “Did you hear what Logan said? He has my mom. He’s going to hurt her‒”
“And if you go there, he’s going to hurt you.”
I grind my teeth together and appeal to Cheyenne. “Help me, please. Tell me what to do. I have to be there in an hour‒”
“Deep breath,” Cheyenne says.
I try to pull one in, but my shoulders shake. “I‒I can’t‒”
Ryan folds me into an embrace, running his hand down my hair. “It’s okay, Willow. Come on, we’ll figure it out.”
My heart races out of control. “There’s nothing to figure out.”
“Willow, look at me,” Ryan says.
I duck my chin. “Please don’t try to talk me out of this. I have to help her.”
“Look at me.” He lifts my chin and meets my eyes. “You can’t walk in there without a plan‒some way to get out. Or to get in touch with us.”
“He’ll be reasonable. He can’t expect me to just disappear.”
Cheyenne folds her arms. “He did last time.”
I press my hands over my face. “You’re right.” What else can I do? Selena. She can help me. And so can Ryan and Cheyenne. I straighten. “Let’s go to the library. I need a few things.”
Ryan gives me a skeptical look but follows me across the street to the library. Cheyenne opens it up for us. 
Inside I collect what I think I’ll need, and a few more things that hopefully Logan won’t think to check for. I have to reassure Ryan three times before he’ll let me back out the door.
“No time,” I say. “Wait for me here, okay? I’ll be in touch with you soon.”
Ryan presses a kiss to my temple, and then my mouth. “Be safe.”
Cheyenne hugs me. “Buy some time. If you can get us in there, we’ll help with your mom.”
I nod and get in the car before I can change my mind. My hands are tight on the wheel the entire way there, my stomach swirling with nerves. 
I’ve never seen Logan as angry as he was in the diner. And now that he knows I tried to slip him vervain, I have no idea what he’ll do.
When I pull the car around the long circle at the front of the house, I fight to keep going. I could turn and run. I could hide from Logan. But then what will happen to my mom?
Even though I haven’t seen her in years, even though I don’t know her anymore, I can’t leave her here with Logan. 
I come to a stop close to the front door. Clutching my satchel close to my body, I take a deep breath and tell myself Logan won’t hurt me. He just wants to become a full vampire. 
And if I can’t stop him, I’ll have to help him. At least my mom will be alive. At least I’ll be alive.
I get out of the car and walk to the front door with a few minutes to spare. I lift my hand to knock, and wait.
I don’t hear anything inside at first, then the door creaks open. I expect Logan, but it’s not him.
It’s a woman close to my age. Beautiful with dark hair and deep blue eyes.
“Hi,” she says. “You must be Willow.”



Chapter 24

I don’t know what to say. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Logan with anyone else, and now he’s got a woman in his house?
“Come in,” she says, stepping back inside.
I walk in, noticing she looks tired. There are circles under her eyes and she’s moving slowly. I open my mouth to ask her something, but hear Logan coming down the hallway.
“Myra,” he says, voice gentle.
I stare at him as he puts his arm around Myra’s shoulders.
“Myra,” he says. “This is Willow. Willow, my sister Myra.”
“Your sister,” I whisper.
His lips twitch, but he smoothes out his expression when he looks at Myra again. “I thought you were resting. Come on, I’ll walk you back.”
“Nice to meet you,” I say as she turns.
She glances over her shoulder with a small smile. Her eyes are curious, but all she says is, “You too.”
Logan points where I’m standing. “Stay here. I’ll be back in a minute.”
I fold my arms, tempted to ignore him. But I can’t afford to make him angry again. Not when I don’t know where my mother is. 
His sister looks like him a little. The same eyes. But what’s she doing here? And does she have any idea what Logan is trying to do? She doesn’t look like a vampire, but then neither did Logan when I first met him.
I listen for voices but can’t hear anything. Only a moment later, Logan returns, boots silent on the hardwood floor. He walks straight to me with purpose, stopping so close, I’m intimidated. I almost back up.
But I don’t.
“What was that this morning?” he asks. 
I rub my hand over my cheek, shaking my head. “What do you expect? For me to just go along with something I don’t believe in?”
“Yes,” he snaps, eyes flashing. “You haven’t been here long enough to decide whether or not breaking the spell is a good idea. You’re not a part of this like I have been‒or my family has been‒all this time.”
“That’s not my fault. And if you weren’t so selfish‒”
“You think that’s what this is?”
I take a step back, swallowing, ready to hold out my necklace in defense.
“You have no idea what this is all about.” A muscle jumps in his jaw and he steps even closer, eyes dipping to my lips. “I tried to tell you, tried to talk with you and you didn’t want to listen. So now we’re doing things my way.”
I lift my chin. “Which way is that?”
“What’s in your bag?”
I look down, distracted. “What?”
He pulls it off my shoulder, yanking it from my hands when I try to stop him. He opens it up, pulls out my cell phone. He stuffs it in his pocket.
“Logan‒”
“My way,” he says. He lifts his eyebrows at my Book of Shadows. “We’ll see about that.” He frowns when he sees something else. “Take it out.”
I peer inside, figuring he’s talking about the bag of vervain. I take it out, holding it up. “Now what?”
He narrows his eyes. “Trash.”
“Lo‒”
He takes my arm, pulling me to the kitchen. 
“You’re seriously not winning any points here,” I say, stumbling after him.
He tosses open the cabinet under the sink and points to the bin. “Trash.”
Like I can’t come back in here and get it out later. I throw it in there and fold my arms. “I want to see my mom.”
“What’s in your pockets?”
I gape at him. “Nothing.”
He steps forward. “Show me.”
“I said nothing. Logan!”
His finger grips my belt loop and pulls me closer. He digs in my front pocket as I try to push his hands away. He comes out with a library card.
When he frowns, I snatch it back. “I just got it this morning,” I say, trying to sound convincing.
“Anything else?”
He reaches for my back pocket. I point my finger at him. “Don’t you dare.”
“You know what happened last time you tried to trick me,” he says. “I’d appreciate full disclosure.”
“I don’t have anything in my pockets, okay?” I reach back and pull them inside out. “See?”
“Good.”
His shoulders relax and I step back as well, hoping he’s finished. Then he says, “I’m going to need your necklace, too.”
I shake my head. “I’m not going to do anything with it.”
“Then take it off.”
“It’s been in my family for years, Logan‒”
“I won’t lose it.” He pulls a handkerchief from his pocket and opens it. “Come on, set it inside. I’ll save it for you until this is done.”
Feeling sick inside, I take off the necklace. I know it probably wouldn’t have done much to help me anyway, but it’s a nice form of security. I drop the necklace in the handkerchief and turn away. 
“Now I want to see my mom,” I say. “I won’t do anything else until I know she’s safe.”
“Of course.”
He agrees so readily, I’m caught off guard. “Really?”
“You held up your end of the bargain, I’ll hold up mine.”
I swallow, trailing after him as he guides us to a door off the stairs. It’s paneled like the walls, and almost blends in. He opens it and starts downstairs.
My boots click against the floor as we descend into the dim basement. “You put her in the basement?” 
“Safer,” he says. “For both of us.”
I frown, thinking I’m going to find her chained to a wall or stuck in some kind of cell. But I’m not so sure when I see the basement. It’s nice, more than livable, and furnished well. There’s a room off to the side, bolted from our end.
“What do you mean safer?” I ask, stepping closer to the door.
His voice lowers when he glances at me. “I can feel her power. It’s not like she shows it off or anything, but I can tell she’s a strong witch.”
I’m surprised. He’s never said anything about being able to feel my power. Then again, I don’t really have much. But still.
Logan leans against the door, smiling at me. “I can feel your power, too.”
My throat dries. 
He nods as if I protested. “I can. It’s different. Not as calm. But I can feel it.”
“But you don’t have me locked in a room.”
“Do I need to lock you in a room?”
I shake my head. 
He laughs and points. “Do you want to see her?”
Nerves swirl in my stomach. I haven’t seen my mom in years. She probably won’t even recognize me. And what do I say to her? Hey, once we’re done dealing with the vampires, you want to get a drink?
“She’s sedated,” Logan says.
“What?”
“Like I said, it’s safer.”
I’m torn between outrage and acceptance. Sedated means she isn’t hurting. She’s just sleeping. And she’s safe.
“You want to see her now?” Logan asks.
I nod.
He unbolts the door, then pulls a key from his pocket and undoes the lock. He pushes it open a few feet.
I’m surprised again. The room is dim but comfortable. A queen-sized bed, a chaise lounge in the corner, fluffy pillows and a plush comforter. She’s sleeping on her side, face turned to us. She looks peaceful. 
She looks like me.
I’m suspended in the doorway, too scared to walk in. Rationally, I know she’s not going to wake up. But I still don’t want to move.
“How long has it been?” Logan asks from beside me.
“A long time,” I whisper. 
“Maybe things will be different now.”
He says it like we can be reunited. Like we have a chance to get to know each other once the spell is done. Like he’ll let us go.
For a moment, I believe him. 
But I still can’t do the spell. And the first chance I have to be alone, I’m going to get in contact with Ryan and Cheyenne. I don’t have much more of a plan than that. Oh, and maybe break the spell around his house so Ryan can get on Logan’s property. Just in case.
I back out of the room, almost relieved my mother’s asleep. I don’t think I’m ever going to know exactly what to say to her. 
Logan locks the door again. When he faces me, I can’t read his expression. “Ready to get to work?”
“Why is your sister here?”
He glances away. “She isn’t feeling well.”
I swallow. “I’m sorry.”
“She’ll be fine.”
The emotion in his voice is controlled, but I can still hear it. He must care for his sister a lot to bring her here while he’s dealing with me and the spell. 
“Are we done here?” he asks. 
“Yes.”
He locks the door again and I make a mental note where he puts the key, what kind of lock is on the door‒everything I can.
“You’re quiet,” Logan says as he leads me back up the stairs.
“I don’t know what to say.”
He gestures to the library. “Let’s work, then.”
My steps slow when we walk inside. My eyes instantly flash to the desk where Logan and I worked last time. I swallow. Where we did more than work. I automatically look for the letter opener, my throat tightening up. But it’s gone.
“Come on,” Logan says, pressing a hand against the small of my back. “We can’t work if you won’t even go in.”
I straighten and nod. If he can work in here after I stabbed him, I guess I can, too.
I sit at the table. Logan perches on the edge. He drops my bag on the surface. “You can use your book. And I have your mother’s. We’re looking for something to reverse a spell, or to restore things to their natural order. Anything that will take away the curse.”
I stare at him blankly. How am I going to find that? And even if I do, the spell sounds so gigantic, I don’t know if I’ll be able to handle it. 
“It might help if I could talk to my mom. She’d probably know more about this than me.”
He shakes his head. “She’s even more stubborn than you. And she wouldn’t tell me anything. Let’s work with what we have and go from there.” 
I sigh and slump in the seat. I press my hands over my face. “Logan, please…you don’t understand.”
“I understand you haven’t even tried. Willow,” he snaps and I pull my hands away. “Look at me.”
I blow out a breath, meeting his eyes. “What?”
“I need you to try.”
What I need to do is contact Ryan somehow. And get my mother out of here. And stop Logan from getting the spell done. But none of those tasks is realistic with him sitting right here, clearly in distrust. 
“Okay.” I nod. “But I might not be able to do too much unless I know how the original spell was done.”
He straightens. “We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.”
I open my Book of Shadows, paging through the first part fairly quickly. Shapeshifters, vampires, werewolves, and the list goes on. All information I need to know but don’t have time for right now.
My hand freezes when I get to the next section. Protecting an Area. I quickly turn the page before Logan notices. I need that spell. If Logan’s property is protected from other supernatural beings, myself excluded, then maybe I can figure out how to reverse it.
“What?” Logan asks, narrowing his eyes at me.
“Nothing. Just thinking.”
“About what?”
“I…” I think quickly, then smile when a legitimate idea occurs to me. “Selena.”
He hops off the top of the table and stands behind a chair. “What about her?”
“I keep seeing her‒especially when I’m at the Shadow Hill Hotel.” I leave out the part about how she gave me my necklace. About how she keeps trying to help me against vampires. “Maybe if I could…try to contact her again, she’ll help me.”
“Help you how?”
I stand, start to pace. “I don’t know. Either tell me how to reverse the spell or what original spell was done in the first place.”
He folds his arms, looking like he doesn’t believe me. “Can you do it from here?”
“I can try.”
“Is she the one who showed you where your Book of Shadows was?” he asks.
I shrug. “I don’t know. It was just a vision.”
A scary, breath-taking vision that had knocked me out completely. But it worked.
“You look nervous.” He steps closer and my breathing quickens. “Tell me.”
I drop my chin to my chest. I’m more scared of it not working than it working, but I still need him to keep trusting me. “It’s just…last time I kind of passed out.”
He frowns.
“And stopped breathing. For just a minute.”
There. Now he’s going to know this is a risk for me, too. Maybe he’ll give me more space.
His eyes meet mine, none of the influence there now. Just blue. And concern. “Do you think we can find another way?”
“How fast do you want to figure this out?”
His jaw clenches.
“I know,” I say before he can. “Fast.”
“Can you do it?” 
I take a deep breath. “I think so.”
“Here? Now?”
I glance around. “Can I have something to drink first? Water?”
He nods. I expect him to tell me to come with him to the kitchen, but he gestures to the chair. “Stay here.”
I sit obediently and fold my hands on the table. He leaves and I hear the lock turn on the outside of the door. I don’t care, this is right where I want to be. Alone.
I reach into my pocket and pull out Cheyenne’s library card.




Chapter 25

I rush the projection, shooting myself toward the library. I appear next to Cheyenne’s desk. Ryan’s there, too, and he feels my presence right away. He turns, sees me, and his eyes widen. Cheyenne straightens in her chair, and then smiles.
“That was fast,” she says.
“No time. I’m at Logan’s. I’m fine‒and so is my mom. I’m going to try to contact Selena to see if she can help.”
“Willow.” Ryan reaches out and his fingers brush my arm. Warm and strong. I want to lean into him, but I can’t lose focus. “That’s dangerous.”
“Logan thinks she’s going to help us. It’s my best chance at figuring out a way out of this. Maybe out of his house, too. I’m also going to try to get rid of the protection spell around his property.”
Ryan reaches for me, pulling me close. I bury my face against his chest, wanting to sink into him and forget all about Logan, my mom, and the spell. Something tugs at me. Before I can say goodbye, I’m ripped from Ryan’s arms.
My eyes flash open just as Logan walks through the door. He gives me a curious look and I try to cover up my unease with humor.
“You said stay here, so I did.”
He lifts his brows. “Didn’t expect you to listen.”
Logan hands me the water and I drink a long gulp because I don’t know what else to say. I have a plan, but I’m not going to be able to do anything if he hovers. I casually flip through the pages of the book, passing the protection spell again. 
I need to remove the supernatural boundaries around Logan’s house. I think I might only need to voice it, but I’m not sure my powers are strong enough. I feel like I’m getting in over my head.
“What do you need?” Logan asks. When I shoot him a curious look, he adds, “To talk to Selena.”
“Oh. Uh…usually she talks to me when I’m at the hotel.”
“We’re not going to the hotel.”
I glare at him. “I know that.” At least for now. “But I’m trying to figure this out, okay? All this is still new to me. Probably some candles and maybe‒the necklace.”
Logan folds his arms. “Why?”
“Because it links me to her since she’s one of my ancestors. Hopefully it’ll help me to communicate with her‒or get in touch with her or however it works.” When he doesn’t respond, I say, “Come on. It’s a small necklace. There’s not much I can do with it. I’ll give it back when I’m done‒even though it’s mine.”
“Fine.” He moves to the door. “Candles. I’ll be right back.”
His footsteps fade and I flip to the page on protecting an area. Just like I thought, I’ll only need a few words. And a piece of the property. I glance around. It’s not just the house that’s protected, it’s the entire patch of land on this side of the road. I’ll need something from outside.
I curse under my breath when Logan comes back. One thing at a time. First, I have to contact Selena. 
Logan scatters the candles on the table. He reaches in his pocket again, but I take the liberty of lighting the candles with my magic. They flare up first before flickering like normal.
His eyes capture mine. “Do not even think about using these candles as a weapon against me.”
“Still mad about the letter opener?”
He props his hands on the table and leans in. “You’re lucky I heal fast.”
I smile at him. “You’re lucky I don’t press charges.”
He laughs, low and deep. “Maybe we should get this done first. Then we can argue.”
“Fine by me.”
I sit at the table and hold out my hand. “Necklace, please.”
He pulls the handkerchief from his pocket and passes it over. I take the necklace out. It hums warm in my hand. I’ve never felt that before, but it’s a symbol. That it’s mine. That it belongs to me. And that Selena and I are linked.
“Okay,” I whisper. “Be patient. Let me focus.”
He nods, waiting on the other side of the table. 
I stare for a long moment at the candles, making my breathing even. Then I squeeze the necklace and close my eyes. 
“Selena,” I whisper.
I try reaching out with my mind. Can you hear me? I need you. 
Tendrils of ice snake into my body. I shiver and squeeze the necklace tighter. I hear Logan say my name, but I can’t open my eyes.
Willow…Her voice whispers into my mind. Then she says, Follow me.
I’m behind the panel in the Shadow Hill Hotel again. This time, her cool fingers grip my wrist and pull. I stumble after her through the tunnel, walking blinding, torn between terror and curiosity.
I try to speak, try to tell her what I need, but my mouth won’t work. We stumble several more feet until the room opens up. A see a dim light from farther away. Selena releases me and I walk toward it, trying to get my bearings.
Soon I can see where the light is coming from. An opening. We’re in a cave. 
Look, Selena whispers.
I lift my head. And all around me, the walls of the cave are sparkling. Specks of purple and white glimmering in the light. 
Amethyst.
Bring him here, Selena says.
Air fills my lungs. There’s pressure on my mouth. My eyelids flutter.
“That’s it,” Logan says. “Breathe, Willow.”
I pull in a shaky breath, Logan’s face coming into focus. I’m lying on the floor in the library, propped up by Logan’s arm. He’s shaking his head.
“You weren’t lying.”
I blink, staring at his strong jaw. I cough. “Why would I lie about that?”
“You stopped breathing,” he says, closing his eyes briefly. “I didn’t‒”
He breaks off and I shift in his arms. Amethyst. The cave. I have to get Logan there. And I have to tell Ryan and Cheyenne that’s where we’re going.
I sit up, clenching an arm around my stomach. I’m still holding the necklace in my other hand.
“I don’t feel very good,” I mumble.
He eases back, looking unsure.
I stand, gripping the chair by the table. “I need‒”
I dart for the door, keeping my arm around my stomach. I run straight to the bathroom and slam the door behind me. I hear Logan’s footsteps outside.
“Willow?” he asks, concern in his voice. 
I almost feel guilty when I groan, faking how badly the episode made me feel. This might be my only chance. I yank the library card from my pocket and close my eyes.
The quick trip to the library makes my stomach swirl. Even though my projected body isn’t as substantial, I can still feel everything my physical body feels—and right now it feels shaky and unsteady.
I slump against Cheyenne’s desk the moment I appear. Cheyenne jumps again, and she calls for Ryan.
He walks in from the other room, immediately curling his fingers around my arm. “Willow. What happened?”
“I contacted Selena.” My vision swims for a moment. “There’s a tunnel to a cave inside the panel at the Shadow Hill Hotel. I have to bring Logan to the cave. I can try to trap him there.”
“Wait,” Cheyenne says, standing.
“I can’t. I’ll try to undo the spell around Logan’s house‒you have to get there and get my mom out. But you have to be careful, Logan’s sister is here and‒”
“Willow!”
I look at Ryan, but it’s not him who called my name. “Logan,” I whisper.
I zoom back to Logan’s house in an instant. This time I really do feel sick, and I lean against the toilet.
“Willow?”
I can see the shadow of Logan’s boots on the other side of the door. “I’m okay.” When my voice comes out faint, I clear my throat and try again. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
“Willow…”
Getting to my feet, I shove the necklace in my pocket. I open the door before turning back to the sink. I brace my hand on the counter, leaning over to splash water on my face. 
I feel warm hands at my neck, fingers pulling my hair back so it doesn’t get water on it.
“Just take a minute,” Logan says. 
The tenderness in his voice almost undoes me. I got what I needed from Selena, but it took its toll. All I want right now is for someone to hold onto me and tell me it’s going to be okay. 
But not Logan. I have dangerous feelings for Logan and it’s much easier to hate him than to be stuck in between.
“I hope I don’t have to do that again for a long time,” I say, straightening.
He releases my hair but doesn’t move. “I don’t want you to either.”
I face him fully, pressing as far back against the counter as I can. “It’s fine. It worked.”
“Did it?”
“Yes. I saw Selena‒or heard her voice. I knew she was attached to Shadow Hill Hotel, but I didn’t know how much.”
“Her family‒your family‒lived there. Of course she’s connected.”
I give a shaky smile. “I guess I need to brush up on my history.” 
“Why don’t you sit down?”
Before I can answer, he takes my arm and leads me to the kitchen. I figured he’d be asking me question after question, but instead he’s trying to take care of me.
“Logan, I’m fine.”
“You look like you’re about to vomit.” He frowns. “Unless you already did.”
Close. I was exaggerating a bit, but I needed to get a minute alone. Now I have to convince Logan to take us to the Shadow Hill Hotel.
I stare at my hands, clenching them together and missing the feel of the necklace between them. I hope Logan forgets about it, that I’ll somehow be able to use it to my advantage to get to the cave.
He steps closer, and I straighten when he brushes his thumb on my cheekbone. “You need a drink?” he asks.
“No.”
His lips curve. “You need something else to distract you?”
I glare at him. “Not if you’re the one offering.”
“You know you can feel it,” he says.
I push his hand away. “Feel what?”
“That thing. That spark between us.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re delusional.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re in denial.”
He holds my stare. And there it is. That spark. It has nothing to do with influence and everything to do with attraction on a very basic level. That would be easy to ignore, but then I keep seeing these glimpses of humanity behind his bad-boy façade. 
“Logan,” I say, voice low. Warning him. “We’re supposed to be figuring out this spell. I want to get out of here, I want my mom safe. So let’s just get to it.”
He flashes a smile. “That brought your color back. Fine, so what did Selena say?”
I think fast and answer without hesitation. “Her Book of Shadows is in a cave connected to the hotel.”
“What?”
“Remember that panel we found there? There’s a tunnel inside and it leads to a cave at the back of the hotel.”
He lifts his eyebrows. “For real?”
I sigh. “I’m not making this up. You can follow me the whole way there if you don’t believe me.”
“That’s a given. I’m not just letting you waltz off to some hotel and trust that you’ll come back.”
“I came here, didn’t I?” I challenge. 
He doesn’t argue. I don’t care either way. I need him to come with me or I can’t get him in that cave. I just don’t want him to think I’m up to anything. Better to keep challenging him and make him think I’m defensive.
“I think what we’re looking for is at the hotel,” I tell him. “It wouldn’t hurt to take a look because her book might have something about the original spell. Otherwise, we’re going to have to do more research and…” I shrug. “I don’t know. Figure it out somehow.”
“Okay,” he says simply.
I’m happy dancing inside but all I do is nod. 
“You sure you don’t want to wait?” he asks. “We could have lunch. Or wait until tomorrow.”
“I thought you were in a hurry.”
“I just want to make sure you’re up for this.”
I stand from the chair, not meeting his eyes. “I don’t have much of a choice. But I am most definitely up for this.”



Chapter 26

Logan vanishes to talk to his sister before we leave. I’m curious but keep my questions to myself as we walk out of the house. I spot a rock near Logan’s car and duck down quickly, yanking my shoelace to make it come loose.
He glances over when I crouch down. 
“My shoe’s untied,” I explain.
He doesn’t say anything, just waits and scans the property as if he’s expecting an attack. Before I stand, I scoop the rock into my palm and shove it in my pocket. Now I have something from the property to do my spell.
The sky is clouding over as we drive to the hotel. Logan is quiet, thought etched on his face. Inspired, I reach out and turn on the radio.
He lifts his eyebrows at me.
“Filling the silence,” I say. Among other things. I switch the channel to something louder, faster. For a moment, I sing along, trying to distract Logan.
He turns the volume down some, but lets me listen. Good. Once we get closer to the hotel, I wiggle the rock out of my pocket. I glance at Logan, but he doesn’t seem suspicious at all. 
I try to keep the words under my breath as I picture Logan’s house and say, “Take the boundaries from this house, the ones we can not see.” I glance at Logan. “As I will so let it be.”
Logan looks at me. “What?”
“Nothing,” I say. I stare at the window, repeating the spell under my breath. 
He parks the car, giving me a look of warning.
“I’m not going anywhere,” I say. 
“You’re up to something.”
“What?” I swallow. He doesn’t know anything, I just have to play it cool. “What am I up to?”
He reaches out slowly, gripping my wrist. “Willow, we’re past the games now.”
“I know. Logan, let go.”
He doesn’t. He leans in. “This is important. You want answers, I want results. We’re both going to get what we want if you’ll just cooperate.”
I yank my wrist, but he’s too strong. “I am cooperating. Logan‒”
He releases me. I lean against the door, rubbing my wrist and glaring at him. “What’s your problem?”
“I don’t want to fuck this up, that’s my problem.”
My chest rises and falls with a few deep breaths. I’m normally a terrible liar, but I’m playing this one off pretty well. He has his motivations, whatever they are, but mine are so much bigger. My mother, for one. My independence. Not to mention the fate of this entire town.
Everyone could be in danger if I break this spell.
“Lighten up, Logan,” I say, reaching for the door handle. “You’re getting what you want. You should be happy.”
He gets out without a word, and he’s on my side of the car before I’m all the way out. His hand closes on my elbow.
“How about we stay close,” he says quietly.
“My dream come true.”
He smirks at me. I can still see and feel the undercurrent of anxiety. He’s almost as worried about this as I am. We walk across the parking lot, and we’re almost to the stairs when I feel him tense up.
He stops. “Wait.” His grip is like a vice on my arm. 
“What?” I ask, looking around. 
His jaw clenches. “The shifter is here.”
I yank in a breath. Ryan? No, he’s not supposed to be here, he’s supposed to be helping out my mom. I have to get Logan to the cave, I don’t have time to deal with this right now.
“Why are you surprised?” Logan asks, keeping his eyes on the parking lot. Searching for Ryan.
“I didn’t ask him to come here. I want to get to the cave, just like you.”
His shoulders tense, gaze focused on the other side of the lot. “We’re going back to my house.”
I shake my head. “No.”
His grip tightens on my arm. “Now.”
With one smooth motion, I whip the necklace from my pocket and shove it against the exposed skin on his neck. He shouts, releasing me at the same time.
I turn and run. Around the building and to the trees. I glance behind me and don’t see Logan, boosting my resolve to get away. The graveyard is nearby. Selena has to be around, doesn’t she? Maybe she can help me somehow. 
Stopping at a tree, I hide behind the trunk. When I peer around, I spot Logan standing from his crouch. He glances back to the parking lot again and I dart farther into the trees. I glance back once more and see him looking my way.
“No,” I gasp. I bypass the cemetery, spotting the hedge maze. 
I’m afraid to turn around, but when I do, Logan is crashing through the trees. Stifling a scream, I dash into the maze. I don’t know if he saw me go in or not. I don’t even know where to go from here.
My chest is heaving. I don’t stop. I keep running, taking turn after turn. When I come around a corner and nearly run into a tourist, I yelp and apologize repeatedly while I’m sprinting away.
Two more steps and I hear him. 
“Will-ow.” His voice has an almost singsong quality. He’s inside the maze with me.
“No,” I whimper. I keep going forward, afraid to turn back. But the maze has me trapped now. “Selena.”
I say her name again under my breath. “I need help!”
I spot her translucent figure at the end of the aisle I’m in. She beckons and I run toward her without hesitation. I follow her around curve after curve until I see the exit.
Logan calls my name again as I race to the end of the maze. When I exit the hedges, someone catches me around the waist and presses a hand over my mouth.
I struggle to take a breath, thrashing around until I hear a voice at my ear.
“It’s me. Ryan.”
I turn in his embrace. “Ryan! God, he’s in there. Go, let’s go.”
I grab his hand and run to the back of the hotel. 
“Willow, wait!” he says.
“No, we have to get to the cave. Hurry, Ryan, please.”
He hears the urgency in my voice and tightens his grip on my hand. Soon he’s pulling me as my breath hitches in sharp gasps.
“We have to find the opening,” I say, slowing down. 
“Where?”
“Hidden in the rocks or back in the trees. I don’t think it’s too far from the hotel. But‒”
We both hear the snap of a twig. Ryan jerks me behind him and faces the noise. “Stay close,” he says.
I glance around, looking for Logan as much as I look for the opening. “Selena,” I hiss. “Where?”
When we hear the snap of another twig and Logan appears several feet away, I gasp and back up. He’s fast as he launches himself in our direction. Ryan intercepts him, slamming him back against a tree.
Logan grunts and then punches Ryan. 
The sun shines through the clouds, light spearing down to a rock only ten feet away. The cave.
I dart to the rock, wiping at the leaves and twigs and all the overgrowth around it. There’s another large rock in front and I shove at it, trying to roll it away. Closing my eyes, I use the strength of my mind, willing the rock to move. When I hear it shift, I push harder. The rock starts to roll and I dart out of the way.
Behind me, Logan is on the ground and Ryan kicks him in the stomach. He goes for another kick and Logan grabs his leg, sending him crashing to the forest floor.
I sway on my feet, feeling drained of power. Tired. But I put force into my voice when I yell, “Stop!”
Ryan glances my way just as Logan gets him hard across the jaw. 
“Logan!” I scream. He looks to Ryan, who’s lying on the ground, and back to me. “The cave,” I say, stepping inside the opening. “This way.”
He looks confused for a minute, like he’s not sure if I’m helping him or tricking him. Then he jogs my way.
Ryan climbs to his feet and starts to say something, but Logan is in front of me now. I retreat farther into the cave. He follows.
“Just a little more,” I whisper.
He strolls inside, looking almost triumphant. Then he freezes. The light is dim, but I can see sparkling everywhere. 
“What?” he croaks. 
He stumbles and then falls. He’s writhing on the floor like he’s being tortured and I turn away. 
“What are you doing to me?” he asks.
“I’m sorry,” I whisper. “I need to help my mom. I won’t do the spell for you.”
He looks to the opening of the cave. Ryan is standing there, but he still tries to drag himself in that direction.
I take a deep breath and say, “Block this exit from all but me. As I will, so let it be.”
I feel a surge of power travel through me, and I have to catch myself on the wall of the cave. “Don’t come in here,” I tell Ryan. I don’t think he can come in anyway. He was blocked from the other side at the panel.
Ryan reaches his hand out. “Get out of there, Willow.”
Logan curls up on his side. “Don’t do this.”
My lip trembles. I don’t want to see anyone hurting, but I don’t know what else to do.
I step to the entryway, almost through when Logan asks, “You’re going to leave me here?”
“Yes,” Ryan snaps. “Come on, Willow.”
“He can’t stay in here forever‒”
“This is not the place to talk about this.” He beckons me with his hand. “Willow, I’m serious. Get out here.”
I exhale, stepping through the entryway. Ryan yanks me against his chest, hands running down my shoulders, up to my cheeks to cup them. 
“Are you okay?” he asks.
My hands are shaking. So are my legs. I feel like I’m going to fall down any minute. “I don’t know. I…” I glance back to the cave, see Logan’s feet through the opening. “I don’t think I can leave him in there.”
“You have to. You have to for now because Cheyenne is there trying to get your mom and Logan is going to come after you if you let him out. There’s not another option.” 
He starts pushing the rock back toward the opening.
“What are you doing?” I ask.
“We can’t risk anyone seeing him in there.”
“But‒”
“It’s just temporary. Willow, we have to do this. It’s our best option right now.”
I lean against a tree, swallowing a wave of nausea. I nod, trying to convince myself. He’s right, it’s our best option. But torture? That’s not me…
My stomach churns. I watch Ryan cover the surface again with twigs and leaves. When he turns to me, he doesn’t look any happier about the situation.
“Let’s just go get your mom and think fast.”
With one last glance at the cave, I push away from the trees and walk with Ryan. He looks concerned when he meets my gaze.
“You don’t look well.”
“I think I used too much power.” I rub my hand over my cheek as my vision gets blurry. I stop, swaying on my feet. 
Willow…
I hear the voice again, like a whisper on the wind. But it doesn’t sound like Selena. It’s a male voice. 
It sounds like Logan.
Help me, Willow.
I yank in a breath. Is it possible we’re connected somehow, too?
“Willow,” Ryan says. I know he can feel something is wrong. “You’re hurt.”
I turn to a tree and vomit. I sink to my knees, trying to steady myself against the trunk. My veins feel like they’re on fire, like I’m burning from the inside.
Ryan leans next to me as I grimace. “What’s going on?”
“It’s Logan, I think. I can…” I shake my head, not believing it’s true. But my stomach churns because I know I’m right. “I think I can feel what he’s feeling.”



Chapter 27

“Maybe we should go back,” I whisper. Leaves crackle beneath my feet as I shift to face Ryan.
His jaw clenches and he glances around before answering. “I can feel you hurting. But there’s got to be something else we can do.”
“It’s not too bad, it just hit me out of nowhere.” 
“Tell me the truth.”
I stand, straightening my shoulders. “I am. I’m just…tired.”
“Yeah, I can feel that, too,” he says, taking my hand. “You need to rest. You’ll feel better once we get your mom.”
I nod.
“Come on.” He curls his arm around my waist. “Can you make it to the truck?”
“I think so.”
My feet are dragging by the time we get there. He opens the door for me and I get in, anxious about going to Logan’s house again. What if his sister knows what’s going on? What if Myra suspects something and she’s going to try to stop us, too?
“You said Cheyenne’s at his house?”
Ryan nods.
“Was she able to get onto his property? I did the spell, but I don’t know if it worked.”
“I’m not sure. I haven’t heard anything from her yet, so hopefully she got in.”
It takes five minutes to get there with Ryan breaking the speed limit. When he turns down the road that leads to Logan’s property, he says, “It worked. Your spell worked. I couldn’t get further than this before.”
Good. It means Cheyenne might already be there. When we go around the drive and see her car, I’m even more encouraged. Ryan parks behind her.
 I get out and race to the front door as fast as my wobbly legs will carry me, but Ryan beats me there. He steps in front of me.
“Let me go in first. In fact, you should stay out here.”
“Ryan, don’t you dare start this with me.” I push him toward the door. “I’m going in.”
“Stay close to me, got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
He frowns but reaches for the door. To my surprise, the handle opens easily in his grasp. I can’t remember anymore if Logan locked it. But I do know he’s still in the cave. As long as my spell worked. And all the rest of them have been working, so I don’t see why this one wouldn’t.
“Downstairs,” I tell Ryan, leading the way. 
It’s dim on the stairs, just like when I came down here earlier today. Ryan takes it slowly, listening for noises on the way. When we reach the bottom, I point to the left. The door that was closed and locked this morning is now open.
There’s a shuffling noise inside.
Ryan puts a finger to his lips and pushes me gently against the wall. Stay there, he mouths.
He turns away and steps cautiously to the door of the room. He takes a quick peek inside. I see his shoulders relax, and in the next moment, someone’s arm is around my neck.
“Willow,” a female voice says. It’s Myra.
Ryan looks over and instantly goes alert. “Let go of her.”
Myra shifts her grip, holding me tight enough my vision goes blurry. She’s surprisingly strong‒but then, she’s a vampire just like her brother.
I can hear the strain in her voice, though, when she asks, “Where is Logan?”
“Get away from her,” Ryan says, stepping closer. 
Cheyenne darts out of the room and freezes when she sees us.
“Myra,” I choke out. “Logan is fine.”
“Where is he?” she asks. “You’re supposed to be with him.”
She presses harder against my throat and my vision goes hazy again. I claw at her arm, but she’s too strong, especially after losing so much energy earlier.
“It’s two against one,” Ryan says. “Let her go or you’re going to get hurt.”
Myra coughs. “I’m already hurting,” she says, grip still tight. “Logan said Willow was going to help me.”
“Help you what?” Cheyenne asks, her eyes locking with mine. A silent acknowledgement that she’s not going to let anything happen. 
“Help me get better. He said if Willow can do the spell, I’ll become a vampire and I won’t have cancer anymore.”
My breath hisses out. No wonder he wanted this spell to end. No wonder he brought Myra here with him. She probably feels better here since the first stage of reversing the curse is already underway.
“Now tell me where my brother is,” Myra says.
Ryan lunges at her as she cuts off the last of my air supply. I hear a scuffle as I fall to the floor, my world going dark.
~ ~ ~
“I told you,” Ryan says as my eyes flutter open. “You’re a magnet for danger.”
“It’s not my fault,” I say, but my voice is so hoarse I don’t know if he understands it. 
I’m lying at home in my bedroom. Ryan is stretched out next to me, his hand trailing lazily down my cheekbone and lingering on my shoulder.
“You should probably stay here for a while,” he says. “In this bedroom.” He smiles. “So nothing else can happen to you.”
At his words, everything that happened earlier rushes back to me. I sit up, my head swirling.
“Okay,” Ryan says slowly. He puts his hands on my shoulders. “Why don’t you wait until you feel better?”
I drop my head in my hands as he rubs slow circles on my back. “Did you get my mom out?”
“Yes. She’s in the other room, feeling much better.”
I swallow uncertainty. “I don’t know what to say to her.”
“You don’t have to say anything right now. Relax. Take it easy.”
His voice is rough and I look over in the dim light. Either it’s later than I thought or the sun hasn’t come out from behind the clouds yet. I touch the slight bruise on his jaw.
“Are you okay?” I ask.
He catches my hand, turning his cheek into my palm. His stubble brushes on the soft skin. “You’re fine. Logan’s caught in the cave. Yes, I’m okay.”
He pushes me gently to the bed and leans over me. His lips descend on mine, soft but firm. He deepens the kiss, pressing some of his weight against me until my arms wrap around his neck to draw him in for more.
But a low and faint groan of agony echoes in my head. Logan’s voice. Logan’s pain. 
“What?” Ryan whispers, lips brushing my cheek. “Something’s wrong.”
My stomach churns. I’m torn between forgetting my troubles with Ryan’s company, and doing something about what I’ve already done.
“He was just trying to help his sister,” I say, voice raw.
Ryan stops with his hand hovering over my stomach. “I know. I heard.”
“And now he’s stuck in the cave.” In pain. Enough that I can still feel it reverberating through me. 
Ryan doesn’t say anything, but I can feel the tension in the room.
“You didn’t hurt her, did you? Myra?”
He flops back on his pillow with a sigh. “No. She’s sick, like she said. She couldn’t fight us both off. We left her there.”
Sick. Cancer. I kept wondering why Logan wanted me to end this spell so badly. It had nothing to do with becoming a vampire. He just wanted to help his sister. And if she becomes a vampire, she won’t be sick anymore.
I sit up again, moving more slowly this time. 
“Ryan, we can’t leave Logan in there.”
He grips my wrist, eyes glued to mine. “Do you hear what you’re saying? He kidnapped you. He held you captive in his house. He’s not the good guy here, Willow.”
“I know. Ryan, I know. I just‒I can’t be like him. Leave him there hurting, or let his sister wonder where he is.”
I pull my wrist free and stand. When the room spins around me, Ryan catches me by the waist. “You’re making this more complicated than it has to be,” he says, breath warm against my ear. “You should be resting. Taking this one day at a time.”
I lean my forehead against this chest. His hands slide into my hair and I shiver. “I can’t, Ryan.”
His entire body tenses. “What is it with you and Logan? You don’t care about him, do you?”
“No.” I shake my head, as much to convince myself as to convince him. “I feel bad. I…”
He lets me go and props his hands on his hips. “I can’t believe this.”
“Ryan, don’t be mad. You don’t understand.”
He gives a humorless laugh. “I don’t understand? So it makes sense that he kidnapped you? That’s the part I should understand? It’s fine that he’s a total lunatic‒”
“His motives aren’t what we thought they were.”
“You’re seriously defending him right now?” Ryan shoves hand into his hair. “This is bullshit.”
“I’m not‒” I take a breath and try to keep my voice down. “I’m not defending him. I’m just saying, he didn’t do what he did for himself or to be selfish.”
“Yeah, well, I am being selfish. I want you safe. And being around Logan doesn’t accomplish that.”
I rub my hands over my face. What am I supposed to do? I don’t want to do the spell for Logan, but I don’t want to leave him in there. And I don’t want him to see his sister hurting. But I also want Ryan to understand where I’m coming from.
“I should go…” I gesture to the door. “Talk to my mom, I guess.”
Ryan clenches his jaw but nods. I step into the hallway and walk slowly to the living room. I hear voices before I reach the room. Cheyenne and my mother. 
I don’t realize I’ve stopped until I feel a hand on my back. I glance over and give Ryan a small smile for the support.
When I enter the room, Cheyenne stands. My mother looks up.
“Willow,” Faye says. 
I press my lips together. I can’t bring myself to call her Mom. 
“Hi.” It’s all I can manage, but her eyes go soft.
“This is not how I wanted this to go,” she says.
“This?”
“Our first meeting.” 
Cheyenne’s looking trapped. She’s making faces at Ryan like he’s supposed to get her out of here.
I wish she could get me out of here, too.
My mom stands as well. “Ryan said you could feel some of the pain Logan is going through.”
I lift my eyebrows. I was expecting a “How are you?” or maybe, “What have you been up to all these years?” Instead, she just gets right to it. 
I give a slight nod.
She sighs and looks understanding. “You’re connected to him.”
Ryan clears his throat and glances away.
“Sorry,” Faye says, looking apologetic. “But you’ve done spells against him, spells in his house. He’s latched onto you for all this. You’re connected.”
“It’ll go away, right?” Cheyenne asks. “I mean, these things are only temporary.”
“As long as he’s not around, it’ll go away eventually. Yes.”
Everyone looks to me because I’m not voicing my relief in all of it. I don’t want to be connected to Logan, but I am. And I think it’s because of more than just the spells. I understand him in a way I didn’t think I ever would. He’s doing what he can to help his family. If I were in his same position, and it were my dad, I’d do a spell or break one in an instant.
“Willow?” Cheyenne asks.
I glance at Ryan, but he won’t look at me, so I look back to Cheyenne and my mom.
“I can’t leave Logan in the cave.”
“What?” Cheyenne asks.
I take a slow breath and brace myself for disagreement. “I have to let him out.”





Please visit www.ivysimonebooks.blogspot.com 
for more information on new releases
or contact the author at 
ivysimonebooks@gmail.com



