Begin Again is a collection of emotion-filled short stories that served as a springboard for my later novels, including the much talked about A Family Affair, Book One of the Truth in Lies series. Along with my short stories, I’ve also shared how the themes from these offerings led to full-length works.
This collection includes: Beauty, Suffocating in Suburbia, Sam & Jack, The Landlord, Oh Christmas Tree, The Death of Mary Alice Olivetti, and Across the River. I’ve also provided alternate endings for A Family Affair and Pretending Normal.

Begin Again:
Short stories from the heart


by
Mary Campisi


Published by Mary Campisi at Smashwords
Copyright 2012

BEGIN AGAIN: Short stories from the heart is a work of fiction. Names, characters, and situations are all products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to real persons, locales, or events, are purely coincidental. This e-book is copyright protected. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Discover more titles by Mary Campisi at:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/MaryCampisi
Table of Contents
Dedication
Introduction
Chapter One: Beauty
Chapter Two: Suffocating in Suburbia
Chapter Three: Sam & Jack
Chapter Four: The Landlord
Chapter Five: Oh Christmas Tree...
Chapter Six: The Death of Mary Alice Olivetti
Chapter Seven: Across The River
Chapter Eight: A Family Affair
Chapter Nine: Time
About the Author
Other Books by Mary Campisi
Dedication
For those who believe in the beauty of the second chance.

Introduction
Several years ago, I began cleaning out files and came upon a folder of short stories I’d written years earlier. Of course I had to read them all. I look at writing as a continual learning process—the more I write, the more I learn about it. More importantly, the more I learn about myself. I wrote some interesting pieces, some first person, some with animals as the characters delivering the greater message, some with points of view that bounce back and forth—kind of like trying out different tennis shoes or brands of coffee to see what suited me best—at the moment.
One thing I discovered was my repeating theme—that old second chance, usually hindering on betrayal of some sort. I have lived through and seen the fallout of other people’s bad choices, but I have also survived and breathed the hope of the second chance.
What I write is merely a perspective on something I’ve chosen to explore. Relationships in many forms intrigue me. So does moral ambiguity. I’m also a huge champion of the underdog—throw bad stuff on a main character and just when you think she will suffocate in the muck, she’ll dig her way out and be much stronger for that very muck. Love that stuff. I also write about people who make choices for a perceived happiness or because they aren’t up to the task of the “hard stuff” of living. Sadly, they lose in the end, like Gloria Blacksworth, of A Family Affair. They are also those like my buddy, Harry Blacksworth, again of A Family Affair, who have dodged accountability for years and despise themselves for it. Redemption comes in many forms and for those who can tolerate Harry’s vulgar mouth and incessant womanizing to glimpse the fractured soul beneath—there is hope for him.
I’m offering these stories to readers so they may see how certain novels evolved. Chunks of thought, bits and pieces of a theme, all topsy-turvy but eventually smoothing out into a full novel. Or two. Or ten. They are but meager offerings from a then-new writer who had years of writing to experience.
So, why am I sharing this with you? Because the ideas sparked novels—lots of them. I never gave up hope for that second chance. Of course I waivered—who doesn’t? But I got up and continued on. Maybe you’ve written a story, composed a few lines of a song, crafted a bookcase…you fill in the blank…and maybe you want to continue, improve, perfect your skill.
And maybe you should. Good luck!

Chapter One: Beauty
He watched her as she stroked the brush across the canvas, her long, black hair swaying with each movement. She wore it loose today and he knew it would smell of raspberries and honey. How many times had he imagined her standing just like this, the late afternoon sun casting her face and body in perfect profile?
“Angela.”
His voice startled her and the paintbrush thudded to the tiled floor in a splash of bright red. She lowered her head and did not turn.
He moved toward her, stopped when he was less than ten feet away. “Angela,” he breathed again. And then, he forced out the word he’d carried with him for five months, over an ocean, across a continent, through dozens of cities. “Why?”
Her shoulders drooped and he thought of the smattering of tiny moles high on her right shoulder. He’d once told her they reminded him of Orion’s Belt and she’d gifted him with a laugh—rich, golden, mesmerizing.
“Do you have any idea how many Jensens there are in Minnesota? Three hundred fifty-two.” Why wouldn’t she look at him, at least give him that? “I know you’re probably wondering how I even knew to look in this state, after all, Rome is a long way from Minnesota.” He let out a small laugh but it plunged to the floor and splattered between them.
Her head bent lower, and still she said nothing.
“I guess I have Mary Tyler Moore to thank,” he went on, wondering if she was going to shrink inside herself right in front of him. “You told me how your mother loved that show and how she’d take you into the city, to the same street where Mary Tyler Moore yanked off her hat and threw it in the air. You used to do the same thing, see how high you could throw it.” How ridiculous, that an insignificant scrap of conversation would lead him halfway across the world… to her.
He took a step closer.
“No!” She held up a hand, bent her head lower. “Please. Leave.”
“Angela—”
“Please.”
The request gouged the center of his heart. He couldn’t leave, not without answers. “Look at me and tell me Rome meant nothing to you.”
When he knew she wasn’t going to answer, he said, “I don’t get it. We share three incredible weeks together and then I leave for a four-day assignment and the whole time all I can think about is getting back to you. But when I return, everything’s gone—you, your paintings, us. And all anybody wants to talk about is the guy who went berserk and threw acid on ‘beauty.’”
Had she just whimpered? And then it dawned on him. “It was your work he destroyed, wasn’t it? That’s why you ran away.”
She tried to bury her face in her hands but he stepped in front of her and grasped them. Swollen red scars smeared the left side of her once flawless skin. “Angela.”
She spoke then, a mere whisper of breath. “Now you understand. Please. Leave.”
He reached out, trailed his fingers over the red flesh with reverence. How could she think he didn’t want her anymore? Didn’t she know her physical appearance was just a shell that housed the real beauty—her heart, her soul?
Didn’t she know he loved her, would always love her?
“Beauty,” he whispered, placing his lips where his fingers had been, planting small kisses on her scarred flesh. “My beauty.”
The End

It would appear I like to write about that one true love that does not die or fade, no matter time or circumstance. Beauty is a very short story in which a couple meets, has an instant connection and then is separated. The hero searches for his one true love—tirelessly, with determination, and boundless hope. When he finds her and learns the tragic story that has shattered her, caused her to give up all hope for a life with him, he embraces her imperfection and loves her more. Boy, don’t we all want that? When our man sees us without makeup, ten pounds…okay, twenty pounds heavier….distressed, throwing up, you name it….don’t we want to know he will still love us? No matter what we toss in his way—as a test of sorts? The books that grew out of Beauty are Pulling Home, Paradise Found, and The Way They Were. At some point, I would like to write a book based on the premise behind Beauty. Maybe three parts. His story, hers, and theirs. For those who have not read the aforementioned titles, I’ve provided a brief overview of each.
I would like to take this moment to mention my subconscious affinity for selecting titles that begin with “P”….I would also like to state that those days are done!
Sometimes we're lucky enough to get that second chance-in life and in love. That Second Chance Series consists of stories about strong women who battle heartache and loss with courage and determination to find new paths and true love. These are standalone books tied together by a common theme—belief in the beauty of that second chance. Therefore, the characters from one story will not appear in another.
That Second Chance Series:
Book One: Pulling Home
Book Two: The Way They Were
Book Three: Simple Riches
Book Four: Paradise Found
Book Five: Not Your Everyday Housewife
Book Six:  The Butterfly Garden

Pulling Home
She'll risk anything to save her child…even the truth

Pulling Home is Book One in That Second Chance Series.

It’s taken nine years and a cross-country move, but Audra Valentine Wheyton has kept her secrets safe. She’s created the perfect life—a husband who loves her, a daughter she adores, and a position as head writer for an award-winning daytime soap. When her husband dies suddenly, Audra returns to her hometown for the funeral and faces a community that has not forgotten her meager beginnings and a man who has never forgiven her for marrying his brother.
Jack Wheyton is a successful pediatric neurosurgeon who is about to become engaged when Audra walks back into his life with her daughter. He forgave his brother long ago for taking something that had been his, something he hadn’t even realized he wanted until it was gone. But forgiving Audra is another story…and forgetting her? Near impossible.
When a shattering illness strikes Audra’s daughter, she turns to Jack to save her child and risks exposing a secret that will change their lives forever.

The Way They Were
Tragedy tore them apart. Destiny will bring them back together.

The Way They Were is Book Two of That Second Chance Series.

He hasn't spoken her name in fourteen years. She keeps a journal hidden in the back of her closet and permits herself to write about him once a year. They promised to love one another forever, but tragedy tore them apart. Now, destiny may just bring them back together.
At eighteen, Rourke Flannigan and Kate Redmond thought they'd spend the rest of their lives together—until a family tragedy tore them apart. Fourteen years have passed and they've both carved out separate lives hundreds of miles apart—hers as a wife and mother, his as a successful, driven businessman. But once a year, on the anniversary of her daughter's birth, Kate pulls out a red velvet journal and writes a letter, which she'll never send, to the man who still owns her heart. Once a year, on the anniversary of the first and only time they made love, Rourke permits himself to read the annual investigative report detailing an ordinary day in Kate's life.
When a subcontractor at one of Rourke's holding companies is killed, Rourke decides to pay the widow a visit and offer condolences, never dreaming the widow will be Kate. As they embark on a cautious journey of rediscovery, one far greater than they could have imagined, secrets and lies threaten to destroy their newfound closeness—forever.

Paradise Found
How does one see truly—with the heart or with the eyes?

Paradise Found is Book Four of That Second Chance Series.
Matt Brandon has it all—wealth, power, looks, and talent. Women want him; men want to be like him. When a freak ski accident strips him of one of life’s most basic needs—his sight—he struggles to accept the possibility that his blindness may be permanent.
Enter, psychologist, Sara Hamilton, a woman who has known her own share of grief and loss and may just be the one person who can help Matt redefine his new world. Sara is every woman’s woman—she's not a toothpick or a Cosmo girl, has never been prom queen, or dated the blond-haired god with the big white teeth. She’s honest and decent and real...and lives on the perimeter, applauding her patients’ successes, nursing them through their failures, but never acknowledging or accepting her own lackings. She’s loved and lost once and has been so emotionally scarred, she’s not willing to risk those feelings again.
Of course, she’s never met a man like Matt Brandon. As Matt and Sara explore the delicate balance between “blind” trust and hope, they will discover that sometimes you have to lose everything to find what you are truly looking for...

Chapter Two: Suffocating in Suburbia
It is late afternoon and I am peeling potatoes for dinner. The dryer thumps in methodical cadence while Black Eyed Peas hammers my brain from the floor above.
I set down the peeler, stare at my hands. The knuckles are chapped, the nails short, the cuticles rough. Eighteen years have stolen the sparkle from the ring on my left hand. I should take it to the jeweler’s but there is always a list and never an end.
I should clean the corner behind the stool where the dog hair piles up in black fluffy clouds, vacuum the furnace grates, suck up the tiny stones and bits of dirt—and more dog hair. I should sew the last seven patches on the Girl Scout vest so there will be no more snippy remarks about another meeting passed without patches. I should buy bread — unsliced Italian in a brown bag—the kind he likes with beef soup. And I should definitely go to the basement, right now, hop on the treadmill and walk, beginner level, fifteen minutes, no incline. I scratch my knuckles. They begin to bleed. Hand lotion, that’s what I should really do.
I should do all of these things, perhaps at least some of them. Maybe even one.
And I should care that I have not.
I grab the potato peeler, clutch it so hard my thumb hurts. I want to scream, I am done with the taking, the expecting, the crowding, but I cannot let it come out. I sink further into indifference, my own and theirs.
And I do not even care.
But I did care once, when I had a brain that calculated more complicated tasks than the number of potatoes that serves four for vegetable soup, back when I had something to say that didn’t end in discipline or disappointment. Or disillusionment.
I want my life back. It is a faint whisper rustling through my body.
No one hears because they are too busy with their own needs, their own perceived emergencies, to see I am dying, breath by breath, right in front of them. Even he is deaf to my quiet pleas. Do I not speak loudly enough, or clearly enough, or with enough conviction? Do I not understand what it is I am asking for? Is there no room for asking, only taking? How would I begin to take when I have been the giver for so long? And what would I take? Time? Peace? Energy?
The garage door opens signaling his arrival. 5:20. Dinner is always at 5:30. I get up, walk to the stove, stir the soup.
I dream at night, only I think they are not dreams at all, these long imaginings of myself laughing, talking, smoothing my hair back from my face—smiling. I am thinking these things outside of sleep, thinking this is how I want my life to be, how it should be. How I need it to be. And then, he says, “Did you remember to pay the line of credit today?”
I do not open my eyes. “Yes.”
“Good. Thanks.”
I start to drift back to the place of my imaginings, where I am happy, at peace.
“You feel wonderful.” His fingers move down my hip. “So soft.” He brushes his lips over my temple.
I know this dance, each step, each turn, each gasp, in darkness or light it is all the same. I reach up, turn out the light.
I do not open my eyes. I do not need to. It is all the same.
The End

Suffocating in Suburbia embodies a woman’s struggle with her life of discontent. She has a husband, children, a home, but somewhere along the way, she has lost herself. I wrote this story years before I penned Not Your Everyday Housewife, which many know sprang from the time period when I had my mother recuperating in my living room from a fall where she fractured her humerus, and which necessitated me sleeping on the couch for a month. The morning my mother returned from the emergency room, my then sixteen-year-old daughter was hospitalized, (different hospital), with pneumonia. It was a period of time with too many teenagers in the house and during which I decided to write a wry and humorous take on life after forty, which included blubber, exes, and starting over. Many readers tell me they recognize themselves in this tale. Yes, it might be a bit over the top, but it was the best prescription I could write at the time and I am always delighted to share it with others.

Not Your Everyday Housewife
A wise and humorous tale of living large after 40 as women finally make peace with themselves- wrinkles, blubber, neuroses, exes, and all.

Not Your Everyday Housewife is Book Five of That Second Chance Series.

Three women embark on a month long “discovery” journey and uncover quite a few tidbits along the way...one bottle of Clairol Midnight will not cover a full head of red hair, and never talk to men wearing polyester pants hiked up with a tan belt. But most of what they unearth is about themselves—who they are, what they really want, what they really DON’T want. The center of controversy is a Maid-for-You mixer which symbolizes a boring, routine suburban life with NO second chances—then along comes insight in the form of Tula Rae, a sixty-something Salsa dancing, Dalai Lama quoting, four time widow in spandex and a gray braid who gives them a different perspective on life, love, do-overs and the real reason a man buys his woman a Maid-for-You mixer, (which she says is all about S-E-X.)

Suffocating in Suburbia also planted the idea for The Betrayed Trilogy. In Book One, Pieces of You, Evie Burnes, drives to the grocery store in the small town where she lives and disappears. What she leaves behind is a family struggling to deal with what has happened and a son who discovers the horrible truth behind her disappearance. This truth leaves him scarred and incapable of trusting anyone. Many readers say they don’t understand the mother’s choice, feel it’s selfish, hurtful, and truly dislike her. I have children and can’t even contemplate such an act. Yet, this woman does it. The second book in this series is Secrets of You, and centers around two people who aren’t who they say they are. These lies will cause a hurt and betrayal so deep, this couple might not get a second chance at love. In the third book of this trilogy, What’s Left of Her: a novella, the reader glimpses Evie Burnes and the life she led before the disappearance. Warning: this book is not a romance, but rather a woman’s struggle with choice and how it will ultimately scar her family.

Pieces of You
Sometimes hiding in the shadows is the only way to protect your heart.
Quinn Burnes’s mother disappeared when he was only fifteen leaving him with a despondent father, a little sister who suffers panic attacks, and eight notebooks containing the truth about his mother. He guards this secret for eighteen years, until on an otherwise normal day, his mother re-enters his life, pleading for his help. She’s in danger and the only thing that can save her is reclaiming the identity she shunned years ago.
Quinn is a master of emotional detachment, from his successful career as a personal injury attorney to his strings of meaningless relationships with beautiful women who possess uneasy temperaments; a sure formula to keep his heart safe and insure he’s the first to walk away. Until he meets the mysterious “Danielle” a woman with too many secrets who’s on the run from the abusive estranged husband she shot and may have killed. Danielle isn’t like any woman he’s ever met, but can he risk his heart for someone who’s doing exactly what his mother did eighteen years ago? Someone who may ultimately leave him, just like his mother?

Secrets of You
He's not who he says he is...but neither is she...
Wealthy, privileged, the product of too much money and too little responsibility, Ash Lancaster routinely pretends he’s someone else so he’ll be valued for more than his bank accounts.
Talented, beautiful, tormented by a past choice she deeply regrets, jewelry designer Arianna Sorensen guards her heart and her privacy from the outside world.
When Arianna and Ash meet, the passion is real, though the rest may not be. She thinks he’s a motorcycle-riding photojournalist with nothing but a camera and two saddlebags to his name. He thinks she’s a blue-blooded, orphaned sophisticate with a fat trust fund.
However, lies have a way of catching up and causing their own damage. Fate forces Ash to perform the first selfless act of his life to protect Arianna from being blackmailed about her past. The price? He must walk away and forget about her. Two years later, the threat is gone and Ash returns, determined to win back the woman he’s never forgotten and even more determined to get her to admit what she’s been hiding. He reveals his true identity and pledges a future built on trust and honesty. But Ash expects the truth from her, too. Can Arianna open up to him when the last thirteen years have been built on a lie? And if she doesn’t, will she risk losing him again—this time for good?

What's Left of Her
How could a mother walk away from her family?

This is the question many readers asked after finishing Pieces of You, Book One of The Betrayed Trilogy. They wanted to know the real story behind the disappearance of Evie Burnes. What’s Left of Her offers an intimate glimpse into Evie Burnes’s life before her disappearance—and after.
Here’s a snippet from What’s Left of Her:
It is the painting that makes her come alive; she lives inside of it, right in the core of the oil: red, purple, yellow, blue, black, breathing its heavy scent, smearing the slickness of it on her fingers, her shirt, her face. She’s tried to hide from it for years, denying the pull, instead forcing herself into layer upon layer of daily existence that is too tight, too restrictive, too foreign. But lately, the stretches of midnight to early morning hours in the attic have increased, the need to be up there, hidden away, free, has grown into a wild, nameless yearning that calls to her, seducing her soul with its promises.
She knows who she is, who she has always been, despite years and miles, a husband and two children. It all comes down to honesty. But what she does not know, and what she fears most, is acknowledging what she is not.
Because that will change her life forever.

Chapter Three: Sam & Jack
Jack Torrence threw down his pencil. Damn! How could Richard do this to him when he was so close? He’d worked on this project for six months. But the dream had been his since he was a kid, growing up on the grimy graffiti-filled streets of East Cleveland.
None of that mattered now. Richard Deeling, President of Deeling & Associates, wanted him to turn the project over. He’d called Jack “too valuable an asset” to be tied up any longer waiting for construction to start.
So Jack wouldn’t get the pleasure of being involved firsthand as his dream emerged, five stories of mortar and concrete, housing some of the country’s most sought after historical artifacts.
He was out—period. The worst part of the whole deal was that Richard actually expected him to train the new architect, some upstart from New York. And that didn’t sit well at all.
He pushed back his chair, flung open the side drawer of the mahogany desk and grabbed three red-tipped darts. Wham! Wham! Wham! The darts smothered the small red circle in the middle of the board.
Soon, he’d have to meet the new guy, Sam Whitcomb, and act as though he didn’t mind turning over his dream project to a stranger. Jack snatched two more darts. Wham! Dead center. He cocked his hand to launch the last one.
“Excuse me. I’m looking for Mr. Torrence.”
Jack’s hand jerked, sending the dart soaring through the air to crash land on the outer rim of the board. His gaze riveted toward the voice. A tall leggy brunette stood in the doorway staring at him. Whitcomb’s secretary. Great. He’d had to share the Wicked Witch of the West with two other architects and this guy Whitcomb flew in his ultra chic, designer-clad secretary who looked like she’d just finished a cover shoot for Vogue.
“Mr. Torrence?”
Jack’s gaze narrowed. Why did she have to speak in that soft throaty voice? Why couldn’t she have a monotone pitch? Something flat and unfeminine? More like the Wicked Witch of the West’s nasal twang?
“Excuse me, are you Mr. Torrence?”
“Yeah, that’s me.” He rose to retrieve the darts and caught a whiff of mint and lavender. Not only did she look good, have a killer voice that pinched his senses, but she smelled good, too. The Wicked Witch of the West smelled like cough drops. He’d have to talk to Richard about getting a secretary like this one, or maybe he and Whitcomb could share her services. He liked that idea. A lot. Jack relaxed a little and actually smiled at Whitcomb’s secretary. “Why don’t you take a seat in the reception area and I’ll see if anyone’s seen Whitcomb?” Nothing like playing secretary for the secretary.
The leggy brunette opened her mouth to speak when a flurry of activity in the outer room stopped her. A young pixie of a woman with spiky red hair and a matching jumper rushed forward, nearly bumping into the new secretary.
“I’m so sorry I’m late. I got stuck in traffic and I’m not used to the area, and I took a left when I should have taken a right and—”
“It’s all right, Jessie.” Whitcomb’s secretary shot a dazzling smile at her.
“Who are you?” Jack stared at the pixie waif.
Miss Red-Hair-Red-Jumper shrank against the door. “Jessie Hastings, the new secretary.”
“New secretary?” Jack shot a look at the other woman standing in the doorway. Something was very wrong. “If she’s the new secretary, who are you?”
The leggy brunette stepped forward and extended a well-manicured hand. “I’m Samantha Whitcomb.”
***
The morning’s misunderstanding escalated into full-scale warfare by mid-afternoon. Jack Torrence disagreed with everything that came out of Sam’s mouth, from her list of construction crews to her choice for lunch. How could a man nix Italian? Heaven’s sake, she’d even offered to pay and he’d still declined.
When she accepted the assignment, she’d known getting Jack Torrence on her side would be the biggest obstacle. Huge to be more exact. Maybe even monumental. But not impossible. The man might be surly, uncommunicative, and demanding, and she might want to strangle him, but she refused to let him see he was getting to her.
“Mr. Torrence,” she practiced her most agreeable voice, “I think we have a problem.” And it’s called, You!
He ignored her and continued punching numbers into the calculator.
Rude man. She tried again, “Perhaps we should discuss whatever it is that’s bothering you.”
“Nothing’s bothering me,” he grunted above the sound of rapid-fire calculator paper as it spewed from the machine.
Right. “Fine.” Let him pout and play his little game. Sam snatched her pencil and studied the drawings in front of her. “I’ll just make my own adjustments to these specs.”
“Like hell you will.” Jack Torrence reached across the table and snatched the papers from her hands. He stood and glared at her, eyes narrowed, jaw twitching, teeth clenched. “You want to know what’s wrong?” he snarled.
Sam had a feeling he was about to tell her in loud, earth-shattering decibels. “Yes, I’d like to hear your version.” She set down her pencil and waited.
“You’re what’s wrong, Miss Samantha Whitcomb. You.” He pointed a finger at her. “This historical museum is my project. It’s been my brainchild since I was a kid, and I resent like hell having to turn it over to a New York City snob who can’t possibly understand what this building could mean to a struggling city like this one.”
Sam said nothing. She’d seen the passion in his eyes when he spoke about the project. It wasn’t just another job to him; it was his dream. And whether she meant to or not, she was stealing it from him, which made her the enemy.
She understood how he might resent her but she needed his help if she were going to have success. Of course, that was a lot to ask, but it was critical. The results of this project and her ability to see it through would open the door to new opportunity and Sam didn’t intend to fail.
Maybe there was a compromise somewhere. She studied the man across the table and said, “Have you spoken with Mr. Deeling?”
“Of course I have.” Jack ran a hand through his wavy black hair. “He says my skills are needed elsewhere. I’ve got to move on, start troubleshooting again. That’s my specialty. New plans, new problems, new agendas.” His hazel eyes darkened, “It’s always about the bottom line.”
She was about to say something when there was a light rap on the door, followed by Richard Deeling’s deep voice. “How are the two of you doing?”
“Fine,” Jack said, before she could answer.
Fine? The man certainly had a strange definition of the word.
“Good.” Richard Deeling nodded his white head and smiled. “I had a feeling the two of you would get along.”
“Actually, Mr. Torrence and I—”
“Mr. Torrence? His name is Jack. Not John, or Jonathan, or Jackson. Just Jack. You got that, Sam?”
“Got it.”
“Good. Now that we’ve cleared that up, I’d like to invite you both to dinner tonight at the club.” He didn’t wait for an answer, but continued, “And Jack, since Sam is new in town, would you mind escorting her? Thanks. I’ll see you both tonight. Seven-thirty.” He waved a hand and was gone.
“The man doesn’t know the word ‘no’, does he?” Jack said, rubbing the back of his neck.
“He’s always been that way.”
Jack pinned her with an inquisitive look. “Always? Interesting comment. Just how far back do you and Richard go?”
She hesitated a half second and forced the calm into her voice. “A long time,” she murmured. He expected her to say more, she could tell by the frown on his face and the stillness of his body. Sam looked away and busied herself with the notebook in front of her. A tiny part of her wished she could tell him the truth and get it out in the open, but that was impossible. This was only the beginning in the string of lies she’d be forced to throw at Jack Torrence. She’d have to be careful with this man because he was no fool.
But then, neither was she.
***
Jack arrived at Sam’s apartment that evening at seven o’clock. He didn’t want to be there, didn’t like the idea of having Samantha Whitcomb thrust on him. But here he was, standing attention, waiting for her to open her apartment door with her cool smile and sophisticated airs.
Why hadn’t he just told Richard he had a previous engagement tonight? It would have been much simpler, much cleaner to have no outside association with the woman, even if it was at Richard’s request. And it would have been very easy to come up with a previous engagement. Hell, he probably had one and forgot about it.
When the door opened he knew it had been a mistake to come. Samantha Whitcomb wore a simple black dress cut several inches above the knee. Jack’s gaze fell to her legs. Fatal error. He was a leg man, always had been and this woman had great legs. He’d noted that point this morning, among a few others, even as he tried to deny her attractiveness.
But seeing those long shapely legs clad in black silk with three-inch heels made him lightheaded. He looked up quickly and fumbled for something to say. Had she noticed his preoccupation with her legs? God, he hoped not, that would make him look depraved, or interested, and he was neither. “I’m early,” he said, thrusting his hands in his pockets.
She smiled, her lips full and pink and inviting. And definitely kissable. Where had that come from? What was wrong with him? She might look like sex and seduction but this was the woman who’d snatched the most important project of his life from him and he’d do well to remember that.
“I’m almost ready,” she said. “Come in and make yourself comfortable.”
Jack followed her inside, focusing on the slight sway of her glossy brown hair as it brushed against her neck. She’d wrapped her hair in a twist of some sort. He liked the effect. Simple and elegant, like the woman.
He wondered how long her hair was. Shoulder length? Mid-back? What would it feel like gliding through his hands? Or along his belly? Snap out of it. You don’t even like the woman. But there’s something about her… She’s got your project, remember? That did it.
She turned and he found himself staring at a slender column of bare neck. She wore a single strand of pearls, real no doubt. Nothing fake about this woman. First class all the way, from her designer dress to her red nail polish.
Samantha Whitcomb was beautiful, alluring, and utterly unattainable. And if he had to add to his list of guesses, he’d say she was spoiled and self-centered. What did he care? He only had to spend one night with her to satisfy Richard. Then it was back to business. On his terms.
She gave him a hesitant smile as her red nails worked the pearls in a slow circular motion. Now why did she have to go and do that? Jack swallowed hard, watching her fingers move, gliding and stroking over the pearls. Beads of sweat popped along his forehead as those hands held him in a seductive trance.
For just one insane moment he forgot their differences, forgot that she was the enemy, and let his mind wander. What would it be like to get under that carefully erected façade of hers, to strip away the pearls and fancy hairdo? Peel away the refinement and get to the heat of the woman? Taste her skin, her lips? Touch her softness? Hear her …
“I’ll just be a minute,” she said, crash landing him back to reality. She turned and he watched her walk away, watched the sway of her hips, the movement of her long legs and called himself a thousand kinds of fool for what he was thinking.
***
They spoke little on the ride across town. Jack wanted the night to be over. He’d allow for a drink or two, dinner, a cup of coffee or a Baileys, maybe a dessert. Two hours max. Another twenty minutes for the drive home and then he could deposit Samantha Whitcomb on her doorstep. Mission accomplished.
He could handle that. He just didn’t like the way his pulse quickened when he looked at her in that black dress.
Why was she wearing that skimpy little thing anyway? This was a business affair. She belonged in a suit with a blouse buttoned up to her throat. And not one of those silky flimsy little see-through blouses either. She should be wearing something sturdy and totally unfeminine, like cotton. And clunky shoes, not those spiky things that made her legs look a mile long. And why was she smiling so much? Too much smiling. She should stop the smiling.
A hint of mint and lavender drifted over him and he gripped the steering wheel harder. Didn’t she know some people were allergic to scents? Not that he was but there were people who were and she should be considerate of that fact. Damn, all he could smell now was her.
He frowned and shot a sideways glance at her profile. High cheekbones, straight nose, slender neck, creamy shoulders. Perfect breasts. He wished he hadn’t noticed the last one but that would be like asking a musician not to notice sound. Jack cleared his throat. Where were those little horn-rimmed glasses she’d worn at work? They should be on her face.
This was a business meeting he reminded himself and she was a business associate. Period. Someone should have told Samantha Whitcomb so she could dress more appropriately, not in stilettos and a black dress that hugged her curves.
Why did he keep thinking about this woman and her delectable body? He was seriously depraved. Or maybe he was merely deprived. That was the problem. Jack heaved a sigh and relaxed. He needed to get back in the social whirl again. Circulate. He’d dated far more beautiful women than this one. Not that he was dating her—of course he wasn’t dating her—that was ridiculous. He was only obsessing over her right now because the museum project had taken up so much of his time these past several months that his social life had suffered. Once he redirected his attention and efforts to the dating scene he wouldn’t give Samantha Whitcomb a second glance. As a matter of fact, he was going to start the redirection process tomorrow morning.
By the time he pulled in front of The Aurora Country Club, Jack had a solid plan of action and the gritty determination to see it through. He jerked the car into the first parking place he spotted, dreading the next few hours and the polite interest he’d be forced to show her. He hated games, hated subterfuge and pretending, but that’s what Richard had forced on him with this ridiculous dinner. Well, it couldn’t be over soon enough.
Jack was in a foul mood when he and Sam walked through the glass double doors of the club. Perhaps he’d just tell Richard to go to hell and walk away from the project and the company tonight.
He should do it; it would serve the old man right. But Jack knew he wouldn’t. Richard wanted a successor and he’d been very clear he wanted Jack to be that man. And hell, Jack wanted to be that man.
Richard spotted them from across the room and waved them to his table. “Good to see the two of you,” he boomed, slapping Jack on the back. “How are you, my boy?” He pulled Sam toward him, clasping her hands between his own. Had Richard just winked at her?
“Jack. Hello, dear.” Richard’s wife, Eugenia, smiled at him, her blue eyes twinkling with delight.
“Eugenia, you look beautiful as usual.” Jack’s mood lightened as he bent to kiss her cheek. She was definitely the bright spot in her taciturn husband’s life.
“Oh pooh, I’m an old woman.” Her gaze settled on Sam. “Now this young lady is what I call beautiful.” There was a softness in her voice, an almost gentle caring when she spoke. “Don’t you think so?”
Jack and Sam stared at one another, Jack doing most of the staring until a faint pink tinged Sam’s cheeks.
“Yes, she’s beautiful,” he admitted grudgingly. “But she already knows that.”
“Ah, but a woman never tires of hearing it,” Eugenia informed him. Turning her attention to Sam, she smiled again and said, “Samantha, it is a pleasure to see you again. And I do hope we’ll be seeing much more of you and Jack.”
Jack blinked. Wait a minute. What did she mean by that remark? Was that “you and Jack” as in separate or a couple? A dating couple? Eugenia had been after him for over a year to look for a wife or she’d find one for him. She’d even made a few half-hearted attempts to match him up with her friends’ daughters. Nothing ever materialized because Jack refused to meet them, but that didn’t stop Eugenia from vowing that one day she’d find him his match.
Maybe she thought that day had arrived. Jack didn’t like the way Eugenia’s expression brightened each time her gaze swept from Jack to Sam. The more she looked at them, the brighter her gaze grew. And the more uncomfortable Jack became.
It got worse. Halfway through his salad, Jack wished he were anywhere but sitting next to Sam, listening to Eugenia and Richard Deeling carry on a lively conversation about the joys of children and the institution of marriage. It was becoming increasingly obvious that the older couple thought Sam and Jack would make a perfect match. Sam, for all of her usual composure, turned crimson and tried to change the subject at every available opportunity. Unfortunately, she wasn’t the least bit successful. If Jack didn’t know better, he’d think Richard was trying to get the two of them together.
“When Genie and I first met she didn’t much like me. Said I was too bold, too brash, and too damn full of myself.” Richard Deeling beamed at his wife and squeezed her hand. “She was right, you know. And she was the only one with enough nerve to tell me. I think I fell in love right then and there.”
Jack shifted in his seat and slid a glance at Sam who sat with her hands folded on the table and a smile pasted on her face. So, she didn’t like the Deelings’s matchmaking attempts any more than he did. It really was a ludicrous idea. Sam and Jack—together?
Ridiculous. He had to shut Richard and Eugenia down before they painted an even more embarrassing picture than they already had. Jack opened his mouth to speak but Eugenia Deeling shook her head and said, “He might have fallen in love right then and there but it took him almost six months to do something about it.”
That didn’t sound like the man Jack knew. There had to be more to the story, chapters more. He couldn’t help himself. “Really?”
Richard did something Jack was sure he’d never witnessed before—the man blushed. “There was a slight complication.”
His wife leaned over and patted Jack’s hand. “The complication known as a fiancée.”
“You’re kidding,” Jack said, pulled in despite himself. “Richard’s or yours?”
Eugenia huffed and straightened her shoulders. “I assure you, I did not have a fiancé.”
Richard shrugged and clasped his wife’s hand. “Once I met Genie, I couldn’t marry anyone else.” The smile he gave his wife held warmth and feeling. “She swallowed me whole and kept my heart.”
“How romantic,” Sam said.
Jack glanced at Sam. “How….visual.”
Richard chuckled and brought his wife’s hand to his lips. “It’s been a glorious thirty-eight years, hasn’t it, dear?”
Eugenia’s eyes grew bright. “It certainly has. I wouldn’t change a thing.”
Richard cleared his throat and looked at Sam and Jack. “There you have it. True love conquers all, even the wrong fiancée and self-important jackasses.” He nodded at Jack. “The right woman can make a better man out of you.”
Jack lifted his wine glass and saluted Richard. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Do that.” His gaze shifted to Sam. “And the right man—”
“—can make a woman blossom into a magnificent butterfly,” Eugenia finished, her voice whisper soft.
Sam nodded and raised her glass. “It was obviously true for both of you.”
Jack cleared his throat and then not knowing what else to do, turned to Sam. “Would you like to dance?”
“I’d love to,” she said, with a look of relief on her face that almost made him smile.
“We’ve escaped,” she whispered as they glided along the dance floor.
“I wonder what’s gotten into them,” Jack mused. “Can you imagine the two of us together?” He laughed softly and looked down at Sam.
“No, I can’t even imagine it,” she murmured, her blue eyes bright.
“It would be utter madness.” His voice dipped as he gathered her closer to him. She felt good, all soft and silky …he could get lost in that softness. He lowered his head.
“Absolute insanity,” she whispered as her eyes fluttered shut just before his lips touched hers. The kiss was feather light, hovering, seeking, capturing but a moment in time.
Then it was over. The music ended and they were still holding one another. What had they just done? Jack cleared his throat three times and released her. She stared at him, confusion and uncertainty on her face. Why was she looking at him like that, like she expected him to say something? What should he say? It was a dance and as such they were required to touch one another. Hand to hand, shoulder to shoulder, waist to waist. Thigh to thigh. Perfectly normal. Perfectly acceptable.
And the kiss? Was that part of the perfectly normal, perfectly acceptable dance routine also? The truth battered him over the head. Definitely not. That was part of the perfectly stupid routine with Jack being the perfectly stupid one.
***
The next two weeks were miserable. Jack seemed to have resolved whatever concerns he had about Sam taking over his project because he was suddenly agreeable, considerate, very helpful. And aloof. He didn’t lose his temper as he had the first day they’d met, but he’d erected a barricade so high she’d never get over it.
Not that she wanted to… Who would want to get involved with someone like Jack Torrence? The very thought sucked the oxygen from her lungs. She wasn’t interested in him, she was merely curious about him. At least, that’s what she told herself whenever visions of him flitted through her brain, which was much too often.
Several times when she was bent over her paperwork, she’d look up to find his hazel eyes trained on her, studying her every movement. Was he waiting for her to make a mistake so he could pounce on her or was there another motive for the intense scrutiny? She wished she knew because his change in attitude confused and frustrated her. Where were the sudden outbursts she’d grown accustomed to in the short time she’d worked with him? And where were the rare smiles that made her pulse beat triple time? Gone, all of them.
At the end of the second week, Sam admitted something to herself she’d been trying to deny; Jack sparked a fire in her that burned low and hot, threatening to explode every time he came near. Since the night he kissed her she’d become all too aware of him—his cologne, his voice, even the sound of his footsteps. She was falling for Jack Torrence and for once in her very controlled, very organized life, there wasn’t a thing she could do about it.
“Why don’t we quit for tonight?” Jack broke through her thoughts. “It’s Friday and I’m sure you have better things to do than crunch numbers and take measurements.”
“Oh. Of course,” she mumbled. Better things, like what? Take out Thai and a tear jerker on video?
“Got any big plans?” he asked casually.
“Not really.” She busied herself straightening papers. “You?”
“The usual.”
The usual? What exactly did that mean? More specifically, with whom? She’d only been here a few weeks but she’d heard the snippets of office gossip about Jack’s string of ladies. Word was he didn’t even need to pick up a phone because they called him, asked him out, and made sure he had everything a man could possibly want.
Great. She was falling for a man with a harem. Maybe it was time to get out and date again. Maybe Jack only interested her because it had been so long since she’d stopped to enjoy men, enjoy life. That was the problem. She wasn’t really interested in Jack Torrence at all; she was just deficient in the male attention department right now.
Thank goodness. That she could correct. But even as she talked herself into the male attention arena and out of Jack Torrence, she knew it was all a farce. The man had gotten to her and that was a problem.
***
When the doorbell rang at ten fifteen that evening, Sam emerged from her bedroom clad in a teal sweat suit, wondering who could be calling in a city where she knew less than five people. She ran a hand through her hair and peeked through the security hole. Jack Torrence! Her pulse quadrupled as she opened the door.
Jack stood before her, tall and formidable, his hazel gaze devouring her as he stepped over the threshold and closed the door.
“Jack?” Was that breathy voice really hers? “Is something wrong?”
“Everything’s wrong,” he muttered a second before he hauled her against him and kissed her. His hands roamed her body, touching and stroking, making Sam forget about logic, forget about sensible.
“Sam,” he groaned, his lips working a slow path down her neck, “I’ve tried to forget you, but you’re like a fire in my blood.”
She moaned, a desperate sound of need and desire. Jack Torrence was in her blood too and there was no use denying or pretending it wasn’t so.
He deepened the kiss, his tongue mating with hers in a slow, sensual dance of desire and need. She couldn’t think when he kissed her like that. Couldn’t formulate one single reason why they shouldn’t kiss, touch… Sam gave herself up to pure sensation; the desperateness of his tongue on hers, the gentleness of his fingers as they unzipped her sweat jacket, the hardness of his body against hers. She wanted him. All of him.
Jack led her to the sofa, one caress, one sigh, one heated kiss at a time. He made her sizzle and burn with a heat she’d never felt before. He eased her onto the cushions, pushing her further into their softness as his strong body covered hers.
“I’ve never wanted anything more in my life,” he whispered against her lips.
Sam slid her hands along his back. He was all muscle and raw strength. “Neither have I.”
“Your skin is softer than velvet.” He traced her collarbone and trailed a finger along the pulse in her neck. “And before the night’s over I’m going to touch every velvety inch of you.”
He planted soft kisses along her nose, her brow, her jaw before taking her mouth in a searing kiss filled with promise and possession.
Somewhere in the distance the phone rang. She ignored the sound and stroked his back, pulling him closer.
The ringing stopped. Thank God.
Three little beeps surged through her brain as the answering machine kicked in. “Hello, dear. It’s Uncle Richard. Just calling to invite you to dinner tomorrow. By the way, how are you making out with Jack?” He chuckled. “I’m not giving up on you two yet. I still think he’d make a fine addition to the family. You just need to try a little harder, he’s a stubborn boy. Until tomorrow.” Click.
She froze and hoped Jack hadn’t heard the call. What a ridiculous wish. Of course he’d heard. She fixed her gaze on his shoulder and waited. He was staring at her, the heat of his gaze burning through her defenses with the same intensity as the desire he’d shown mere seconds before.
“Dammit!” He flung himself off her as though the thought of touching her now repulsed him.
Sam forced herself to look at him and wished she hadn’t. He towered over her, his expression dark, unforgiving. “I can explain.” She struggled to sit up, pulling her clothes into place.
“I’ll bet you can,” he bit out. “Now I understand why you got the project. It’s called nepotism.” He rifled a hand through his hair and cursed again. “It was all a plan, wasn’t it? One big rotten scheme and I was the prize.”
“No! It wasn’t that way.”
“Wasn’t it?” His eyes narrowed.
She shook her head.
He moved closer. His expression grew fiercer. “Then tell me, how exactly was it?”
 She had to make him understand. “Richard Deeling is my uncle. He’s the reason I’m an architect. When he contacted me to head up this project, I was thrilled. It was a major challenge, one I wanted badly. I couldn’t tell anyone who I was or I’d never be taken seriously. I needed my work to stand on its own, and owning up to Uncle Richard would have damaged my credibility.”
“And lying wouldn’t?”
“No one was supposed to find out.”
Jack raised a dark brow. “Oh?”
“You weren’t supposed to happen, not where I was concerned. I was here to do a job. No involvement, no strings. Just like always.” She swiped at a tear. “Then I met you. Obviously, Uncle Richard had other plans. I confronted him after the night at the club and he admitted as much. His health is failing and he wants to retire.”
“He’s looking for his successor,” Jack spat out.
Sam shrugged. “Something like that, only he wants to keep it in the family.”
“So, why not you? You’re already in the family.”
“He doesn’t think I have the skill level yet. He told me he wanted you.”
Jack laughed, a harsh short sound that held no humor. “Oh, really? And Richard Deeling always gets what he wants, doesn’t he? I suppose he thinks I should be flattered.”
That comment hurt but Sam refused to let him see how much. She watched him pace the room and wished she were back in New York, hundreds of miles away.
“So, I marry the ice-princess, get the company, and live happily ever after.” His laughter this time was filled with bitterness and resentment.
Ice-princess. The name jabbed her heart. “I … I don’t know.” But if she thought about it, she did know. That’s exactly what Uncle Richard would want.
Jack shoved his hands in his pockets and stared at her. “Sorry, but I prefer to choose my own bride. And though it’s been fun—” he shot a long glance toward the empty spot on the sofa “—I won’t marry you. Not even for good old Uncle Richard.”
He turned and began walking away, out of her apartment, out of her life. “I love you,” she said softly as the pain of loss seeped through her.
Jack paused but didn’t turn around. “Did Uncle Richard tell you to say that, too?” Then he opened the door and was gone.
***
Jack arrived at Richard Deeling’s doorstep the next morning, resignation in hand. Damn those two for trying to manipulate him. And hadn’t Samantha Whitcomb been a willing little accomplice with her breathy sighs and sexy body? The thought of how he’d been played sickened him. Who knew how far things would have gone before he figured out the truth? He was damn lucky Richard called when he did or Jack would be regretting a lot more than being duped.
“I went too far this time and for that I apologize.” Richard Deeling lifted his coffee cup and studied Jack. “You remind me so much of myself at your age. By God, I just wanted to turn the company over to someone with backbone who would do the right thing and carry on the company name with quality and dignity.” He sighed. “I really am sorry. I had no business meddling.”
“I’m sure you weren’t the only one involved in this little scheme.” Jack refused to say her name as though not saying it would erase her from his memory.
Richard looked genuinely startled. “Are you referring to Sam?”
“You had help with this, Richard. Just admit it.”
He shook his head. “I didn’t. I swear to you on the company’s name that she knew nothing about my plan. She came to me after the night at the club and begged me to stop playing matchmaker. She said you weren’t the kind of man to be toyed with.” He sighed. “This was my doing. All of it. Even poor Eugenia doesn’t know I’ve been plotting to get you and Sam together. She won’t be happy when she finds out and eventually, she will.”
“I’m not going to tell her,” Jack said, wishing he could put the whole thing behind him and forget about it.
“Of course you won’t tell her, but I will. That’s one thing you learn early on in a marriage. Be truthful, no matter how bad it is because when the other person finds out, and they always do, it’s a thousand times worse.” He sighed again. “I really thought you and Sam would be sending us a wedding invitation, but I was wrong.”
A wedding invitation. Jack coughed. Twice. Richard sure as hell was wrong.
“Jack, I’d like you to stay and finish your project and then we’ll talk about a promotion to president. Without marriage,” Richard added.
Jack hesitated a moment. He didn’t want to be the one to ask but he had to. “What about Sam?”
Richard blinked a few times then shook his head. “Sam’s gone. The project is yours.”
“Gone?”
“She headed back to New York this morning. I’m sure going to miss having her around.”
Jack nodded. She was gone. He should be elated. This was what he wanted, his project back, free rein, a new title. It was all there, all his for the taking, exactly as he wanted it.
But somehow it felt like an empty victory, one he refused to think about.
***
Three months later, Jack finished the project, two months ahead of schedule. He poured himself into the task, working late every night, sleeping little or not at all and eating only an occasional meal for sustenance.
But the dream was a reality. Finally. Thousands of people flowed through the museum doors in the three weeks since the grand opening. City projections showed the museum would serve as a great draw for the influx of tourists and suburban dwellers. Jack hoped it would be only the beginning of Cleveland’s rebirth.
He sat back in his chair and smiled. Soon he’d be moving to another, much larger office. Richard Deeling had announced his partial retirement and named Jack the new president of Deeling & Associates. And he hadn’t even had to marry to get the title.
Unbidden, unwanted, the image of Sam floated to him, wrapping itself around him, tighter and tighter, the vision so real he could almost touch her, smell her, taste her.
His smile vanished as he thought of her. He’d long since regretted his rash behavior and the cruel things he’d said, but pride and hurt kept him from contacting her. And something else. The knowledge he could be so weak and she could still affect him, even after all this time. He remembered the last words she spoke to him. I love you. Had she meant it? Did he care?
He’d walked out on her and the next morning she was gone. He should be grateful she wasn’t still around to torment him.
Jack opened his desk drawer and whipped out his darts. Wham! Why the hell wouldn’t she just go away? She haunted him as he remembered her with tears in her eyes, begging him to understand.
Had he been wrong about her? That thought plagued him daily but he had no answers. He told himself she’d deceived him, probably manufactured her feelings to please her uncle. He could never trust her let alone marry her. He wasn’t marrying anybody. He’d been more physically involved with women before but none of them had ever branded him the way this one had. Why? Was it because he’d believed she’d played him?
Wham! The dart landed dead center, crowding out the others on the board. He wished he didn’t have to go to Richard’s retirement party tomorrow. He wasn’t in the mood to socialize, hadn’t been for months. Three to be exact.
But Eugenia wouldn’t let up, insisting Jack must attend, until finally he’d relented and agreed to make an appearance. A very short appearance. Richard had been quiet, not participating in his wife’s demand that Jack attend the party. Apparently, he still hadn’t told Eugenia about his failed matchmaking attempt.
It was just as well. Jack didn’t want her eyeing him with sympathy or worse, pity. Nor did he want her trying to play the savior and attempt to patch things up with Sam.
There was no patching up to be done. You couldn’t patch a crater and that’s how large the hole was in Jack’s heart. Pain seeped through his brain in dribbles at the thought of her. She’d lied to him. Sure, she hadn’t come right out and denied anything, but by not telling him she was Richard’s niece, she’d lied. He’d almost let himself care about her and just when he’d realized he wanted her, needed her even, he’d discovered the truth.
And now he had an even bigger problem which lurked in the shadows, jabbing at him for the tenth time that day. Would she be there? Would Sam risk running into him? Of course not. She was probably living it up in the Big Apple, having long since forgotten him.
He cursed and wished he could say the same.
***
An hour after he arrived Jack was ready to leave. From the moment he’d stepped onto the marble foyer of the Deeling’s residence, he’d been the center of attention. Everyone wanted to see or talk to the new president of Deeling & Associates and Richard seemed quite content to let the crowds swarm around his successor.
Jack smiled, shook hands, exchanged pleasantries, shook more hands and smiled some more. He even managed to grab a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. But now he needed a break before the walls crashed in on him, one pasted smile at a time.
Spotting a French door several feet away, Jack worked his way to it and sneaked onto the veranda. Thank God for summer heat and air conditioning. No one wanted to see him badly enough to leave the comfort of cool air. Alone at last. He looked around for shade and decided on a huge, old oak tree.
Then he saw her.
She stood in the distance, looking toward the blue horizon. Alone. Somehow it wasn’t how he’d pictured her. He walked toward her, stopping a few feet away.
“Hello, Sam.”
She stiffened but didn’t turn around. “Hello, Jack.”
“How’ve you been?” The question was so inadequate after all this time.
“Fine, thank you,” she said automatically. “And you?”
“Fine.” He continued the urbane ridiculous pleasantries. I’ve been dying inside since you left. Can’t you tell?
“Congratulations on your new position. You’ll do a great job.” The softness of her voice wrapped itself around him.
“It’s a great opportunity.” Did you mean it when you said you loved me?
“And you didn’t have to marry the ice-princess after all.” Her laugh fell out short, stilted.
“Sam.” Jack reached for her, turned her toward him. Her face was wet with tears. “Don’t cry. Please, don’t cry.”
His mouth covered hers, offering comfort and tenderness. Sam swayed toward him as he pulled her into his arms, deepening the kiss, trying to wipe away the pain and hurt between them.
“I’m so sorry,” he murmured against her lips. “I was such a stubborn fool.” He pulled away slightly so he could look into her eyes. “I’ve been miserable with missing you, miserable with wanting you.” His voice was low, aching with need. “I love you. I have for a very long time, but I was too much of a fool to admit it, even to myself.”
Sam reached up to stroke his cheek. “I love you too, Jack. That’s why I had to leave.” A stray tear escaped, trickled down her cheek. “I didn’t want you to make a mockery of what I felt and I didn’t think you’d ever trust me.” Her lower lip trembled. “I thought leaving was the only way to save myself but I’ve been dying a little bit every day.”
Jack swiped the tear away. “I’m glad you came.”
“I had to,” she said simply. “I had to see you again and try to explain things.” She smiled. “I’ve been standing out here rehearsing my lines for over an hour and now I can’t even remember what they were.”
“You don’t need any lines with me. Now or ever.” He traced her lips with his index finger. “You know, I’m getting ready to work on this huge project, the most important of my life, and I think you’d be the perfect partner.” He reached for her hands, clasped them in his own. “All I need is a ‘yes.’”
“This project is more important than the museum?”
“Much more important.”
“Now you’ve really got me wondering. What is it?”
“My wife,” he said softly. “It’s a lifetime project, and you’re the only one who qualifies. Will you marry me, Sam?”
“Are you part of the compensation package?” She brushed a feather light kiss against his mouth.
“Absolutely.” He sought her mouth and deepened the kiss.
“In that case,” she murmured against his lips, “how can a girl possibly refuse?”
The End

The Sweetest Deal emerged from Sam & Jack. A simple pure contemporary romance with a secret identity and a matchmaking family member. Great fun.

The Sweetest Deal
An impossible demand…
Max Jernigan is ready to close the most important business deal of his life—all he has to do is agree to one request from Grayson Crowell: impregnate the mogul’s daughter. No way can Max do this. He’s a decent guy. But he would love a child. He just doesn’t want a wife.
An impossible man…
C.C. Crowell gave up on dreams of a family after Mr. Worse-Than-Wrong broke her heart. Hiding behind spreadsheets, boring suits and an icy attitude, she’s more than a little suspicious when arrogant, handsome Max is suddenly chasing her. But she can’t deny their chemistry. Until she learns about the deal and plans to pay Max back in kind….

Chapter Four: The Landlord
The Landlord was one of my first attempts to write romance. The points of view are all over the place and were I to write this today, I would flesh out the characters, straighten up the points of view, and probably turn it into a book instead of a short story because I tend to be long-winded! I’m including it here because I want readers to see that first attempts are just that and should give way to second, third, and tenth attempts.

The Landlord
“Damn. Damn. Damn!” Chunks of leaves, twigs, and other decomposing debris hurled to the ground with each curse. “If I ever get my hands on that landlord—” Natalie Allington spat out a piece of dirt “—he’ll rue the day he ever went into real estate!” She wiped her gloved hand across her sweaty forehead. “Irresponsible, duty-shirking man.” Natalie continued muttering various derogatory remarks concerning her landlord as she flung debris from the gutters onto the ground below.
Chase Danning advanced slowly up the driveway, intrigued with the sight in front of him. He’d been watching the woman for several minutes now and was thoroughly enjoying the show. It wasn’t just the tanned long legs in cut-offs or the snug black tank top that held his interest—though he could certainly appreciate those qualities—as much as the one-sided verbal warfare she’d been waging with her landlord. He stepped onto the sidewalk leading to the front door, just a few feet behind the woman.
“May I be of some assistance?”
Natalie swung around, lost her footing, and tumbled from the ladder. A pair of tanned, well muscled arms caught her in mid-flight. She looked up into the most incredible blue eyes she’d ever seen. When her rescuer smiled, she glimpsed white teeth, and full welcoming lips. From her close vantage point, she could tell there wasn’t much about the man not to like. He was extremely attractive, no doubt too attractive for his own good or anyone else’s.
“You look like you could use some help,” the man said with the hint of a smile.
“You can put me down now.” She tried to sound dignified but that was an effort, considering she was covered in dirt and sweat.
He released her gently, lingering a moment on the small of her back. Natalie stepped out of reach and eyed him. “Is there something I can do for you?”
The man smiled again as though he found her humorous and held out a tanned hand. “Are you Natalie Allington?”
Natalie’s gaze narrowed. She didn’t extend her hand, but crossed her arms over her chest and said, “Who are you?”
He crossed his own arms, making the muscles in his forearms bulge even further and took a step closer. Looking her straight in the eye, he said, “I’m Chase Danning. Your landlord.”
Natalie sputtered for a moment, struggling to get the words out. “You… you… you!” She rounded on him, angry as a she-cat. “You shouldn’t be allowed to own a paper box let alone a house! It’s been five days since I’ve had hot water. Do you have any idea what it’s like to take a cold shower every morning?” She glared at him, not waiting for his response. “And that’s not all. My faucets leak, the carpeting’s coming up, two windows are broken…” She paused a moment to catch her breath. “And I have ants! I hate ants.”
Chase could see she was really warming to the subject of airing out the house’s problems, right here on the front lawn. Her loud ranting roused a few neighbors. An old lady with a straw hat and a middle-aged man with a beard peeked over shoulder-high shrubs, waiting to see what he would do.
Chase turned from the onlookers and focused on the obviously upset, sweat-streaked, semi-crazy woman in front of him. He kept his tone low and gentle as he spoke. “Why don’t we go inside? We’ve got quite an audience and right now I feel like I’m about to be lynched.”
Natalie glanced at the small group of onlookers whose number had increased to six by now, and nodded. Then she turned on her sneakered heel and headed for the door with Chase close behind.
Once inside, she went straight to the small kitchen, threw off her gloves and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. She looked at him and held up the bottle, “Drink?”
“No thanks.” The woman could be polite even when she was furious. He could tell by the way her almond-shaped eyes narrowed whenever they slanted in his direction and those full lips pinched together that she was good and mad. He’d lay a hundred dollars she’d just as soon throttle him as offer him a drink but the lady had manners. Remaining a safe distance away, Chase attempted to appease her. “Look, I’m really sorry. I had no idea. I bought this property about six months ago and the real estate agent was supposed to handle everything.”
“And it took you six months to see if he ‘handled everything’?”
He shrugged. “I’ve been working on a deal out of town for several months and it just wasn’t top priority.” As soon as the words were out he regretted saying them.
“Oh really.” She took a step closer. “Well, let me tell you, Mr. Danning, my life and how it is affected by this run-down shack is my top priority. So, unless you plan on making some very major repairs, very soon, I’m breaking the lease and I’m not paying.” Natalie knew she was playing hardball but he’d made her so angry the words had just slipped out. She didn’t want to move; it had taken her long enough to find this little bungalow and she felt safe here. The neighbors were very protective and she had her own privacy, even a great wooded view.
“If you want out of the lease then it’s fine with me. I can understand your frustration and whether or not you stay, I’ll give you two months free rent for your inconvenience.”
“I’m not a charity case, you know.” Just because he could throw money around and probably was some high-powered executive who flitted all over the country on his private jet spending more money in a week than she made in ten, did not mean he could buy himself out of his negligence.
“I never said you were. But I really had no idea what was going on and for that I apologize. My real estate agent was supposed to handle all the repairs and maintenance, whatever the cost, until I was back in town. Rest assured, I’ll find out what happened and deal with it.”
“If I stay,” she hedged, putting extra emphasis on the if, “and I don’t know if I want to or not, but if I do, when can I expect these repairs to be completed?”
Chase Danning rubbed his jaw. Natalie noticed it was a strong jaw. Just like the rest of the man, strong and hard. My but he was handsome. Handsome and deadly—that kind always was.
“As I said before, I just finished a major project and have about three weeks to kill before I start the next one. After sitting behind a desk for so many months, I’m anxious to work with my hands again.” He paused. “If you have no objections, I’d like to handle the repairs. We could go through the house together and make a list of what needs to be done and I could start on it tomorrow. I’d try to work when you’re not here so as not to interfere, but there might be an occasional overlap.”
Natalie said nothing for a full minute, weighing the pros and cons of her landlord’s proposal. She was certain he was more than capable of fixing a house, probably could build one for that matter. That wasn’t why she hesitated before agreeing to his plan. The problem was the man was also extremely attractive and when she looked into those big blue eyes he threw her off balance. And that didn’t set well at all with an independent, assertive, take charge kind of woman like herself. She knew his type with his charm, good looks, and no-commitment attitude. Too many of her friends had fallen for similar types only to be left in the end—alone.
Well, she wasn’t interested. Natalie immediately chastised herself for thinking such thoughts. The man was her landlord. Period. He’d offered to make the repairs to the house, not start a torrid affair with her. And she probably wouldn’t see much of him anyway, so what was the harm? But when she finally spoke, her eyes darted about the colorful kitchen, carefully avoiding his watchful gaze. “That would be fine,” she said, focusing on the clump of mud caked on the toe of her sneaker. “By the way—” she fiddled with her belt “—what line of business are you in?”
“Real estate development.”
***
The next three days proved uneventful. True to his word, Chase Danning began working on the list they’d prepared together. He’d even added a few extra things she’d overlooked. When she returned home from work on the fourth day she was surprised he was still there, minus his shirt, working in the tiny bathroom. He smiled when he saw her and greeted her easily, “Hi. Sorry I’m still here, but that leaky valve caused more damage than I initially thought and I had to replace a huge section of drywall. I should be done in about an hour. Is that okay?”
Natalie looked at him, his huge frame overpowering in the small bathroom, sweat glistening on his bronzed back, and nodded. Dear Lord, but he was good looking, even if he was crouching in a bathroom and dripping with sweat.
“Would you like something to drink?” she asked quickly. “Beer, tea, lemonade?”
Chase smiled, flashing perfect white teeth at her. “Actually, a beer right about now sounds great.” Natalie disappeared into the kitchen and returned with a beer for Chase and lemonade for herself. He took a healthy swallow and said, “Remind me to add air conditioning to this place next year. This is ridiculous.”
Natalie laughed. “Actually, I like to think of it as my own private sauna. Great way to lose weight.”
“From what I’ve seen you’re perfect just the way you are”
“Easy for you to say. You haven’t seen me with my clothes—”
He smiled and his gaze slid along her body. “No. I haven’t.”
Natalie swung around and headed for the bedroom, ignoring the rich male laughter that followed her.
***
A half hour later, she emerged from her bedroom, determined to put her stupidity behind her. She felt relatively attractive dressed in a sleeveless royal-blue dress, her hair gathered in a classic chignon, pearls on her ears and around her neck.
She stood in the door of the bathroom, looking at Chase Danning’s back. “I’ll be going out for a while so you can just lock up when you leave.” She wanted him to turn around and be awed by her presence but he barely acknowledged her.
“Sure. I shouldn’t be much longer.”
Natalie hesitated. “Okay. Well, you don’t need to worry about any lights because I have them on timers.” Damn you, Chase Danning, turn around.
“Okay.”
“And if you’d like another beer, or… or something else to drink, just help yourself.” How can you ignore me, you big oaf? 
“And if you—”
“What is it, Natalie?” He cut her off, clearly irritated with her mindless chatter. He turned around and stared at her. “Oh,” he said as he took in the dress, the hair, the pearls. “You want me to tell you how beautiful you look? Fine. You look beautiful.” His expression softened slightly. “But I happen to think you looked beautiful in those cut-offs and that tank top you had on the other day.”
She turned to leave, annoyed he’d guessed her silly game. Whatever on earth had possessed her to act like such a fool?
“Natalie?”
“What?” She stopped, but refused to face him.
“I take back what I said about your clothes the other day.” He paused. His next words soft, seductive. “When you move with that dress on, I can see everything. Just as though you were completely naked.” She whirled on him, prepared to give him a piece of her mind, when the doorbell rang. Natalie hurried to answer it, stopping only long enough to grab a jacket from the hall closet. She thrust her arms into it as she opened the door to greet her date. Naked indeed!
Chase leaned against the tub and took another long swallow from his bottle. What in hell had possessed him to say such a crude thing? He had more class than that and yet he had to admit, he’d spoken in anger. Maybe even a little jealousy. At first he’d only been teasing her about her clothes. But when he heard she was going on a date and saw what she intended to wear on that date, it had set him off. He didn’t like the way he’d been acting these last few days, somewhere between a lovesick schoolboy and a possessive idiot. But Natalie Allington had gotten to him. He may have dated more physically beautiful women, but he’d never met anyone like her. She was real. Open, honest, genuine. He smiled and took another swig of beer. Natalie Allington was not going to get away that easily.
***
After work the next day, Natalie picked up her dry cleaning, bought a few groceries, and returned an overdue book to the library. She’d do anything to avoid a chance encounter with Chase Danning. She was still angry with him for his behavior last night. Angry and humiliated, if the truth be known. She’d practically begged him for a compliment, throwing her ego at his feet and when she didn’t get an immediate response, she’d tried another tactic. It was pitiful. She was pitiful. As Natalie turned onto her quiet tree-lined street, she ignored the little jump her heart took when she saw Chase’s SUV parked in front of her house. She really didn’t want to see him. He was arrogant and far too handsome. Still, by the time she got to the front door, her pulse had tripled and her breathing grew choppy. It’s all these bags I’m carrying, she assured herself as she pushed open the door. The smell of fresh paint greeted her and despite her annoyance with the man she was curious to see what he’d done. She dropped the bags on the sofa and followed the odor to her bedroom.
Chase was folding the drape sheets and glanced up when she entered. “Hi,” he said quietly.
“Hi.”
“About last night…”
“I’m sorry. I acted like a fool. I guess I did want you to see I do have more of a wardrobe than shorts and tank tops.”
“But I like that wardrobe.” He grinned. “Trust me, I really do.”
She smiled back. “The problem was, I got angry when you called me on it. I felt so ridiculously foolish. I have never in my life sought a man’s approval and the fact that I did that with you last night infuriated me.” Natalie shrugged. “Especially when you ignored me.”
Chase set the drape sheet on the floor and walked toward her. He took her hands in his own large ones and smiled down at her. “Truce?” he asked, looking deeply into her eyes.
“Truce,” Natalie repeated softly.
Chase lowered his head and placed a soft kiss on her lips. Her eyes fluttered closed as she responded, welcoming his mouth. He gathered her in his arms, molding her to his body, deepening the kiss. Natalie was lost in the touch and feel of him as she wound her arms around his neck, curling her fingers in his dark brown hair, wanting to get closer… closer…
The ringing doorbell jolted them apart. They stared at one another, surprised and embarrassed at having shared such an intimate moment.
Natalie spoke first. “I’ve got to get the doorbell,” she said in a throaty rasp that sounded nothing like her normal, self-assured voice.
Chase said nothing.
The doorbell rang again and she hurried to answer it.
From the bedroom, Chase could hear a male voice, followed by Natalie’s soft laughter. They exchanged a few more words and then he heard the front door close. Natalie reappeared in the bedroom a minute later.
“That was a friend from work. He asked me to go out for Chinese.”
Chase merely watched her. “And you want my permission?”
Natalie’s amber gaze narrowed. “Of course not. But I thought…” The cold look in his eyes stopped her. She wouldn’t humiliate herself further by telling him she thought the kiss had meant something and she would much rather spend the evening with him.
“Tell me,” Chase asked smoothly, “would this guy’s name happen to be Derek?”
“Well, yes. Yes, it is. How did you know?”
Chase smirked. “He called you three times between five and five twenty. Said you should call him back as soon as you got in.”
“You listened to my messages?”
He pointed to the answering machine on the nightstand and said, “I can’t believe you still have one of those things.”
“Not everyone embraces technology.”
“Obviously.”
“Don’t change the subject. You listened to my messages.”
“You’d have to be deaf not to hear that machine. And I did happen to be working in this room.” His look darkened. “So, who is this Derek? Is he some boyfriend?”
“If it’s any of your business, Derek is a friend. And just exactly when were you going to tell me he called?”
“In case you’ve forgotten already, we happened to be busy at the time.”
“I’m going out.” Beast.
“Fine.”
“And I hope you’re gone when I get back.”
“Why?” he lashed out. “Planning to use this room?”
Natalie’s hand shot out to slap his face but Chase caught it in mid air. “Don’t,” he warned, bringing her arm down behind her back, forcing her closer to him. They stood inches apart, glaring at each other. Chase hauled her to him and ground his mouth against hers. The kiss was meant to be cold and born of anger and frustration. He hadn’t expected her to respond, hadn’t expected her lips to part and welcome the kiss. When he felt Natalie’s honest response, the kiss gentled a moment and then exploded. They reached for one another, tongues mating, hands stroking.
Chase broke the kiss and pulled away, his breathing heavy and ragged. “Go,” he ground out. “Your date is waiting.”
Natalie stared at him, obviously waiting for him to say something, maybe even ask her not to go. When he didn’t, she turned and silently headed for the door. And then she was gone.
***
Natalie arrived home from work the next day, cranky and exhausted. She’d barely slept last night and had been in a foul mood all day and she knew why. His name was Chase Danning. She walked into the bedroom, tossed her jacket on the bed and kicked off her shoes. The red light on the answering machine flashed an annoying blink. Derek again, she thought, pressing the play button. Chase’s strong voice filled the line.
“Hi. It’s Chase. I’d like to apologize for acting like a jerk last night.” Pause. “It’s just that I think there might be something really special between us.” There was a slight hesitation followed by a rush of words, “But every time I try to get near, you run away. Or Derek stops over. I don’t know. I hope I’m not making a fool of myself but I think you feel something too. I’d like to take you out tonight if you’re free. There’s a great seafood restaurant downtown. Call me if you’re interested. You’ve got my number.” Click.
Natalie hugged herself and danced around the room, barely able to control her excitement. Then she found Chase’s phone number and practicing her most sophisticated voice, dialed it.
***
The waiter approached with two elegantly garnished steamed lobsters. “Your dinner is served.” The next several minutes were taken with arranging the food, refilling wine glasses and addressing other inane pleasantries. Chase wished the guy would hurry up and be done with it. Expensive restaurants were nice but forget trying to get any privacy. Next time, they’d order take-out and eat at home. Next time. First, he had to get through tonight.
“Chase,” Natalie began hesitantly.
“Hmm?” He dug out a lobster claw with studied concentration.
“About Derek…”
His head shot up. “Let’s not talk about him tonight,” he said in a tight voice.
“He’s just a friend,” she persisted.
“Okay.” He popped the succulent meat into his mouth.
“We work at the ad agency together.” His eyes narrowed but she pressed on, “Derek’s real love is acting and he’s auditioning for the lead role in a play. I guess all of his other friends are tired of listening to him, so he tries out his lines on me.”
“I’ll bet he does.”
“There’s no need to be nasty. He’s just a friend.”
Chase shrugged. “Okay, I believe you. Now, can we enjoy our meal and forget about this guy?”
She nodded. “Sure.” But as she watched him attack his meal, she wondered if he weren’t wishing the claw speared on his tiny fork was Derek.
The rest of the evening was quiet and relaxing. The subject of Derek didn’t come up again, and Chase seemed to be his old, easygoing, charming self. Too charming. Too handsome.
“I should be finished with everything by tomorrow,” Chase said, as they stood outside her front door.
“Really?” Natalie tried to hide her disappointment.
He smiled down at her. “I thought you’d be happy. A few weeks ago you were ready to shoot your landlord. Remember?” He cupped her chin with strong fingers.
“That was before,” she whispered.
“Yeah.” He smiled as his mouth lowered to meet hers. “That was before.”
***
Chase made one last inspection of the house. The bedroom was freshly painted a dusty rose, the leaky faucets were gone, there was new drywall, carpet sections and no more ants. Natalie would be pleased. He had to admit, the house had grown on him. Of course, it was nothing compared to the spacious place he called home but somehow he didn’t miss the swimming pool, big screen televisions, or all of the other modern amenities he’d grown accustomed to. Not even the garage door opener. It was all because of Natalie. Home was where she was and that’s where he wanted to be.
When the phone rang he was thinking about where he’d take her tonight. After three rings, the answering machine kicked in.
“I’m dying without you,” the male voice groaned. “I want to be with you forever. That other guy doesn’t care about you. He’ll use you and then throw you away. I’ll cherish you forever,” the husky voice promised. “After what happened between us the other night how can you deny our love? After you lay in my arms, how can you deny the passion? Be honest with yourself—”
Chase slammed the front door on the rest of the words, walked down the driveway and out of Natalie Allington’s life.
***
The next two days were long and quiet and lonely. Natalie moped around the house, looking out the window whenever she heard a car, wondering if it would be Chase, and somehow knowing it wouldn’t.
By Saturday, three days had gone by and still she hadn’t heard from him. She’d turned down a theater invitation from Derek and movie tickets from two of her girlfriends. She wanted to be alone—or with Chase.
Where was he? The house was finished but he’d told her it would be. That wasn’t it, was it? He hadn’t “finished the job” and then just “finished with her.” Had he? Not after the other night with all those unspoken promises. All the words that still needed to be said. He couldn’t leave her now, not after she’d just convinced herself that he was so much more than good looks and smooth words. Oh, why didn’t he call?
Two days later, Natalie decided either there was some huge catastrophe, like he’d been in a car accident and had amnesia, or he really was a slick, talker. If that were the case, then she was a major fool, but he’d have to look her in the eye and tell her that whatever they’d shared, was over. Then she would haul off and land her best right cross on that too-handsome face.
Dan-Son was a huge ultra-modern building with glass everywhere. As she rode the elevator to the 18th floor where Chase worked, Natalie began to have misgivings about the wisdom of what she was doing. Before she could change her mind, the door chimed opened and she stepped into the luxurious Dan-Son suite.
Natalie approached the older woman seated at the receptionist desk and said, “Excuse me, I’d like to see Mr. Danning.”
The woman eyed her carefully a moment, then smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry but Mr. Danning is in meetings all day.”
“Oh.” She tried to hide her disappointment, but failed. She’d come to find out the truth and one way or another, she’d have it. “It’s rather important. I don’t mind waiting.” She glanced at her watch. “If you think Mr. Danning’s boss won’t mind, I’ll just have a seat until he’s through.”
“Mr. Danning’s boss?” The older woman looked confused. “Mr. Danning is the boss.”
Just then, the huge double doors to the boardroom flew open and Chase Danning emerged, head down, studying the papers in his hand. “Gladys, I need you to run another set of numbers for me. These projections aren’t working.” He glanced up and saw her. “Natalie.”
She stared at the man in the expensive suit and fancy Italian loafers. “You own this company?”
He gestured toward the huge gold sign and said in a cold voice, “My partner and I do. I’m the Danning in Dan and he’s the Sampson in Son.”
“Oh, well.” She hesitated a moment, waiting for him to say something. Anything. He continued to stare at her with that impersonal look, as though she were a stranger. “I happened to be in the neighborhood and thought I’d look you up,” she lied. “But your secretary said you were tied up all day. So—” she slowly backed away toward the elevator “—I’ll just be on my way.”
She had to get out of here before the tears started, which would be any second.
“ Natalie, I’d like to talk to you for a minute. Would you come into my office?”
She wanted to get as far away from Chase Danning as possible. She’d come here for answers and now that she had them, she wanted to run away and bury them. It was more than obvious that whatever attraction he’d felt for her was over as soon as the remodeling of her house was done. She’d been a side benefit, a silly woman foolish enough to fall in love with him.
Natalie followed him into an office that was almost as large as her house. What an idiot she’d been to believe he’d be happy with a plain simple person like herself.
“Why didn’t you tell me the truth about you and Derek?”
“What truth?” Now she was not only stupid but confused as well.
“Come on, Natalie,” his voice rose in agitation. “I was there. I heard the machine. You spent the night with him.” Was that pain in his voice?
Natalie stared. And then she began to laugh.
“I’m glad you think this is funny,” he snapped, glaring at her.
“You thought—” she laughed again “—Derek was serious?” The murderous look on Chase’s face said he did. “I told you he was an actor. He was auditioning for me. That’s all. Didn’t you listen to the whole message where he tells me it’s his latest script?”
“No.”
Natalie’s mood changed as she remembered the reason for her visit. “I thought you weren’t calling me because you didn’t want to see me anymore.” She shrugged. “You know, done with the job and the woman all at the same time.”
Chase moved toward her and placed his hands on her shoulders. “That couldn’t be farther from the truth.” His blue gaze covered her. “I thought I’d been played for a fool. I love you, Natalie and I’ve missed you. Your laughter, your smile…your sassy mouth.”
“I love you, even if you’re too handsome and too charming for your own good.” She placed a soft kiss on his mouth. “Oh, and too rich. Don’t forget too rich.”
“You make me sound like an affliction.” He drew away slightly, his voice serious. “I’m just me, Natalie. If the money were all gone tomorrow, I’d still be rich as long as I had you by my side. “
“That’s sounds like a proposal.” She threw her arms around his neck, urging him closer.
“And that sounds like an acceptance,” he murmured, lowering his head to meet her kiss. 
“Yes,” she sighed. “It certainly does.”
The End

Chapter Five: Oh Christmas Tree…
“And Nicole says he’s ridden on elephants in Africa and surfed in Bali.”
“Mmm ...that’s nice,” Maggie said, removing the tissue paper from another Christmas ornament. Our First Christmas, 1983, stared back at her in the shape of a twinkling star.
“And he’s skied the Alps.”
“Really?” Maggie re-wrapped the ornament and stuck it in the bottom of the box. Jeff had been like that star, all glittery on the outside and hollow on the inside. Too bad she hadn’t found out sooner. No, then she wouldn’t have Danielle.
“Mom! Did you hear anything I said?” Danielle slid down the soft cushions of her chair to land seated, cross-legged on the floor next to her mother.
“I am listening, honey,” Maggie said, lining up her collection of snowmen. Paper mache beside ceramics, ceramics beside wood. “You were telling me about one of your friend’s fathers who likes to ski.”
“No, Mom. See, I knew you weren’t listening,” Danielle said, rolling her eyes like a typical twelve year old.
“Okay.” Maggie set down a miniature version of Frosty and said, “I’m listening now.”
“Well, I was trying to tell you about Nicole’s dad, Mr. Webster.”
“Is his first name Daniel?” Maggie joked, trying to divert the direction of the conversation. She had a funny feeling she knew where it was headed.
“Mom. Stop.”
“Okay. No more jokes. Tell me about Mr. Webster.” There had been a “Mr. Webster” every year since the third grade when Danielle realized her father wasn’t coming back home. Maggie cringed at the thought of her matchmaker daughter in action. When Danielle set her mind to it, no place was safe. Not school, church, or the grocery store. Every square inch of their small town served as a meeting place for a potential “Mr. Right.”
“Well,” Danielle said, flinging her blondish-brown hair from her shoulders, “his name is Matthew Webster and he’s a photographer.” Danielle grinned. “He’s really cute. Just your type.”
Maggie stared at her daughter. “My type? What do you mean he’s my type?” What on earth did her preteen daughter know about her preference in men?
“He’s tall, dark brown hair, blue eyes. You’d think he was really good looking. But he’s also super nice. Coaches the boy’s basketball team and he doesn’t even have a boy. And he’s offering a beginner’s photography class for anyone in our grade who wants to go, which I do by the way. If they don’t have a camera or can’t afford the film, he said he’ll take care of it. Mr. Webster doesn’t want anyone to not be able to participate because of money.” Another grin. “See, stuff like that. I know you like that kind of thing.”
Maggie was impressed that this man, a newcomer to their sleepy town, would even be interested in helping the children let alone shelling out his own money to do it.
“What happened to Nicole’s mother?” Curiosity won out over indifference. Had she died? Or had they become just another statistic, like herself and Jeff?
“Her mom died when she was four. Car accident.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that.”
“They don’t have any other family either.”
“How sad.”
“Nicole says she wishes I were her sister.”
Maggie chose to ignore that last comment.
“So why isn’t Mr. Webster traveling all over the world anymore? And why did he ever decide to settle in our little town?” He was probably bored out of his mind. Jeff had always hated this town. When the opportunity for bright lights and a big name in the city came along he bailed out fast, informing Maggie that a wife and child didn’t fit into his plans anymore.
“He loves this place. He came to our class to talk about his work a few weeks ago. Mr. Webster told us there’s so much beauty around us we could live a lifetime and not see it all. He said we should go outside and walk in the woods, or look at a tree or a stream and see and feel the colors and shapes.”
“But why Pendleville?” Maggie asked.
“Because he said Pennsylvania was like an artist’s palette with color and texture all wrapped in one.” Danielle held out her hand and began counting off on her fingers. “Spring, green and yellow, summer, blue and pink, fall, orange and red, winter, white and black.” She tilted her head to one side. “I never thought of it that way, but it’s kind of neat, isn’t it?”
Maggie nodded. What kind of man could hold the attention of a twelve year old long enough to impart a lesson that was welcomed? And remembered? Maggie had to admit, the persona of Matthew Webster intrigued her.
“And he also said it was time to put down some roots. Get himself and Nicole settled in a place they could call home. They came here two years ago on a camping trip and fell in love with the town. It took a while for Mr. Webster to finish his assignments but now they’re here to stay. So, Mom, doesn’t he sound neat? When do you want to meet him?” Danielle smiled at her mother, reminding her of a puppy trying desperately to please its master.
“Why is it so very important that I meet this man? Or any man for that matter?” She had a comfortable, secure, if not slightly boring life. Just the way she liked it.
Danielle rolled her eyes again. “For company.”
“I already have the best company in the world,” Maggie said, leaning over and squeezing Danielle’s hand.
“I mean adult company. Man company.” Danielle looked at her mother and her expression became very serious. “It’s time, you know.”
“Time?” Maggie repeated, not believing her daughter was giving her the same lecture she’d heard from her own mother two weeks ago.
“Yeah, you know. Like go out on a date.”
“I’ve been very busy lately.”
“Mom, you’ve had exactly seven dates in the last three years and two of them were ones Grandma and I set up for you.”
“Don’t remind me of your scheming ways or your grandmother’s. I’m still mad about the way you two tricked me into going on those dates.” Henry Mosler, the plumber, and Eugene Gleason, the hardware store owner. They had been about as exciting as a socket wrench. It would have been fine if she had wanted to become a plumber’s apprentice or learn the difference between a washer and a sinker, which she didn’t. But as a potential new man in her life, no thank you.
“I always thought they were kind of geeky but Grandma said they came from good families.”
It was Maggie’s turn to roll her eyes. “Grandma and her family lineage. Does Mr. Webster come from a good family, too?”
Danielle shrugged. “I don’t think he has much of a family at all, except Nicole.” She looked her mother straight in the eye and whispered, “But we could change all that, Mom.”
Maggie sighed and shook her head. Her daughter just never gave up.
“Nicole can’t wait to meet you. I told her all about you. Well, just the good stuff. I didn’t tell her about the ratty old sweats you wear around the house or how your voice is off-key when you sing. She’ll find that out soon enough and by then she and Mr. Webster will both love you and it won’t matter.”
Maggie shook her head again. “No.”
Danielle folded her arms over her small chest and stuck out her lower lip. “Why not? It’s not like you’re ugly or anything. Lots of my friends think you’re really pretty. For a mom,” she added.
“Yeah, for a mom and an old one at that.”
Danielle tilted her head and studied her mother. “Thirty-six isn’t that old.”
Maggie arched a brow. “Last week you thought thirty was ancient. What changed your mind?”
“Well, Mr. Webster is thirty-nine and he looks really good. So, Nicole and I decided you were both still young enough to get married and who knows, maybe even give us a little brother.”
“Danielle!”
“Okay, so maybe it is a little early to be discussing kids.”
“A little.”
“Okay, I just want to ask you one more question and then I’ll drop it.”
Here it comes.
Danielle fiddled with her hair and cleared her throat twice. “If you met Mr. Webster and he turned out to be all of the things I said he was, would you give him a chance?”
Maggie groaned. “You never give up do you?”
“Just tell me, Mom, would you give him a chance?”
“Okay, okay,” Maggie said, raising her hands. “Listen to me and try to understand. I love my work. The craft business we have gives me an opportunity to express myself through wood, tiles, ceramic, silks. You name it, I create it. And make a darn good living at it, too. There’s no man handing me an allowance or paying my bills. Then there’s you and Grandma. You’ve both been my world for more years than I can remember. Just the three of us. If I were to even think of a relationship with a man he would have to be all the things you mentioned and more.”
It was the truth. She could never settle for a mediocre relationship again and thought it pointless to date for the sake of dating. In the early days after her divorce, men called her regularly for dinner, the movies, a ball game. Maggie had turned them all down, opting to stay home and cuddle up with a good book. After a while, the calls dwindled until they became almost nonexistent. It was just as well. The men had all been mediocre and Maggie would bet her next paycheck Matthew Webster would fit into that category, too.
“Mom?”
“Yes?”
“Mr. Webster is totally awesome.”
***
Three days later, Maggie and Danielle plowed down the snow-laden country road to the McKinley Tree Farm.
“Mrs. McKinley has the best hot chocolate and peppermint sticks. I look forward to those as much as picking out our tree,” Danielle said.
“I know, so do I.” Maggie rounded a curve and spotted the huge black-and-white McKinley Tree Farm sign. “The McKinleys have been doing this since I was a little girl.”
“Wow, Mom, that is a long time.” Danielle laughed. “Almost pre-historic.”
Maggie laughed too and pulled the SUV into the field designated for parking. Snow fell in huge wet flakes, covering the ground with a fresh blanket of white. Since their discussion three days ago, Danielle hadn’t mentioned Matthew Webster’s name. Perhaps she’d thought about their talk and reconsidered her matchmaking plan. Danielle didn’t usually give up that easily but Maggie was not about to pry and open up the subject of Matthew Webster again.
Danielle ran several feet ahead, kicking up huge clumps of snow as she forged her own path. “Come on, Mom,” she said, motioning with a gloved hand. “Let’s go over by the Douglas firs.”
Maggie followed, tramping along the path Danielle had created. Snow clung to the trees, glistening like diamonds. The setting was an artist’s palette with color and texture all wrapped in one. Winter is black and white. The words ran through her brain before she realized what they were. Matthew Webster’s words. Pushing them aside, she forged ahead, her gaze focused on Danielle’s purple stocking cap.
They spent the next half hour walking up and down the rows of trees, considering, deciding, and looking for just the right tree. After the eighteenth one, Danielle smiled and said, “This is it. What do you think, Mom?”
What she thought was that this one looked the same as the fifth tree they’d seen. And the sixth, seventh, and the next eleven. “It looks fine to me,” Maggie said, shaking a little snow off the branches.
“Great!” Danielle yelled, suddenly very excited. She glanced at her watch for the tenth time in the last half hour. “I’ll run and tell Mr. McKinley we found a tree and he can send someone to cut it down. Don’t move from that spot. And can I get my hot chocolate and peppermint?” Her words fell out in a rush, as though she was suddenly in a great hurry to leave.
“Sure. Danielle?”
“Yeah, Mom?”
“Why have you been looking at your watch every five minutes since we got here?” What was she up to?
“Just wondering what time it was,” she said. “Bye.” Then she turned and jogged toward the log cabin and her annual goodies.
“Kids,” Maggie muttered under her breath.
She spent the next ten minutes waiting for Mr. McKinley as the snow fell in a soft blanket.
“Excuse me, Miss,” a deep voice called from behind. Definitely not Mr. McKinley. “Is this tree taken?”
Maggie turned and looked up into deep blue eyes, the color of a summer sky. She stood captivated, taking in the man’s rugged good looks—dark hair, strong jaw, cleft chin, tall muscular build. No, this was not Mr. McKinley.
“Is something wrong?”
“No.” She shook her head. “No.”
The man laughed. “Is that no to both questions or one?”
It was Maggie’s turn to laugh. “Actually both. My daughter examined eighteen trees and insisted we take this one. I’m standing guard until she gets back with Mr. McKinley.”
The handsome stranger shook his head. “That’s odd. My daughter looked at twelve while I was helping Mr. McKinley load a tree and then she escaped for hot chocolate, telling me she wanted the Douglas fir in the fourth row, three back.”
Maggie and the stranger looked at one another. “Wait a minute,” Maggie said, remembering how her daughter kept glancing at her watch, hurrying through the trees, scampering away. She should have guessed something was amiss—Danielle never rushed anything and rarely even wore a watch. “Would you happen to be a photographer?”
The man nodded. “How did you know?”
“And I’ll just bet your name is Matthew Webster, isn’t it?”
His blue eyes narrowed, moving over her face, her hair, studying her in detail. “Maggie?”
She nodded, a faint smile on her lips.
The man threw back his head and laughed. “This is the first time I’m actually going to thank Nicole for butting into my love life.”
“You have a little matchmaker in your family too, huh?” Maggie asked, grinning.
He laughed again. “I sure do, but she’s never joined forces before. That could prove deadly.”
“Do you think we can fend them off?” Maggie teased.
“I don’t think I want to,” Matthew said, his blue gaze meeting hers.
Despite the cold and snow, a wave of warmth washed over her. “Nor do I,” she said softly.
Bursts of yelling and cheers startled them both. They turned and spotted two figures running toward them.
“Finally,” Danielle said, out of breath when she reached them.
“Hi, I’m Nicole.” A pretty girl with brown hair and blue eyes held out a red-mittened hand.
“I feel like I already know you, Nicole,” Maggie said, shaking her hand.
“Sorry we kind of tricked both of you,” Danielle said. “But we knew you’d like each other once you met.” She looked from one adult to the other. “You do like each other, don’t you?”
“Of course they do, silly,” Nicole said. “Didn’t you see how they were looking at each other? It was so obvious.”
“Yeah, they did kind of have weird looks on their faces,” Danielle agreed, her eyes darting from one to the other.
“All right you two. You’ve done your jobs. I think Maggie and I can take it from here.”
He smiled down at her and Maggie almost forgot to breathe. Danielle was right. Matthew Webster was totally awesome. And then some.
The End

The Butterfly Garden is a book with siblings, second chances, and children and emerged from Oh Christmas Tree.

The Butterfly Garden
Sometimes love happens when you least expect it...

The Butterfly Garden is Book Six of That Second Chance Series

Jenny Romano has never been a white-picket-fence, happily-ever-after girl. Despite a mother who rejected her free-spirited, unique ways as irresponsible and just plain wrong, Jenny has found happiness as a photographer, flitting around the country and snapping photos of other people’s lives. Her older sister, Grace, has a husband, children, and a carpool schedule. She’s the one their mother calls “perfect.”
But when tragedy strikes her sister’s carefully constructed life, Jenny must step in and offer support. Soon, she finds herself in the sort of small-town suburban life she swore to avoid...
Psychologist Elliot Drake spends so much time healing other people’s pain and witnessing the backlash of caring too deeply that he prefers to keep his own relationships short and bittersweet. He’s loved and lost once and with a young daughter to raise, he’s not willing to risk his heart again. But he’s never met anyone quite like Jenny. Outrageous and unpredictable, she’s a force of nature—not at all like her well-controlled older sister. Suddenly, Elliot isn’t so sure that short-term is what he wants...
Taken by surprise and unsure of the next step, Elliot and Jenny are about to discover that real life happens whether you want it to or not. Will they let real love happen, too?

Chapter Six: The Death of Mary Alice Olivetti
Some say it was the Catholic Church that killed Mary Alice Olivetti. Others say it was her mother’s—Nicolina’s—obsession with holy water and olive oil. And there were others still who blamed the rest of us, throwing out words like indifference and ridicule. 
Me? I think it was a mix of all three, a trinity if you will: church, mother, and us. I was Mary Alice Olivetti’s friend, her best friend, according to her. It wasn’t true, not for me, at least not in the beginning. I let her be my friend because she copied psychology notes for me while I did more important things like write my name along the margins of a black-and-white steno book, block style. And she saved me a place in the cafeteria line on pizza day, like it was an honor for her to be doing it. Of course, there were the pizzelles—vanilla because I didn’t like anise—thirty of them that she brought once a week to our lunch table to guarantee herself a seat.
Mary Alice believed us when we said Alex Delensen had a crush on her. Didn’t she know the captain of the football team would never look twice at a girl with a big fat braid who wore rosary beads around her neck and black elastic pants with white cotton shirts? 
I don’t like to think too much about the early days when I thought she was just the new girl in the robin’s-egg blue house with yellow trim whose parents spoke broken English and drove a beat-up Chevy. 
I like to dwell on the after: after I went to her house that day to deliver a dozen freshly made cannoli because my mother said we were just as Italian and just as Catholic as the Olivettis, even though we didn’t wind our hair in tight buns or hang a crucifix in every room. 
“Do they really have a crucifix in every room?” I’d asked my mother as she arranged the cannoli on a Styrofoam tray layered with wax paper.
She looked up at me and raised a black brow, an Italian black brow. “Go deliver the cannoli,” she’d said. “Then you tell me.”
The Olivetti house was two blocks from ours, up a hill and around a bend on a patch of land surrounded by clumps of crabgrass and holy statues. There was one of the Virgin Mary tucked in the flowerbed by the front door, hands extended, a stone visage of white purity, blessing, and welcome. Another was of Baby Jesus decked out in a scarlet robe and matching crown, two tiny fingers forming a peace sign. He was propped against the opening to a fence that led to the backyard and what looked like grapevines. The house was newly painted to robin’s-egg blue, the trim a daffodil yellow, except for the screen door that hung at an odd angle, its off-white paint peeling around the edges. 
I’d stood there, half holding my breath against the smell of garlic and burned grease filtering through the screen in a cloud of stale disgust. My eyes were glued to a scrap of chipped paint on the door, the tray of cannoli in my hands, wondering what Mary Alice would say if she knew we took bets on the size and color of her underwear. White, Hanes, number nine had been my guess. Full-cut. When I looked up, she was standing on the other side of the screen.
“Vivi, hi.” Her voice was softer than usual, almost a whisper. “What are you doing here?” She didn’t open the door, didn’t step outside either, just stood there, a dull red splashing her olive skin. 
I held out the cannoli, my eyes darting to the door handle, then back to her face. Well? Wasn’t she going to invite me in? I wanted to check out the crucifixes.
Before I could say anything, Mary Alice’s mother swooped down on us in a rush of oily flesh and rapid Italian. 
Nicolina Olivetti was a big woman with a chest that tucked itself into her waist and disappeared under a grease-splattered white apron. Her hands were long and square, her gray-black hair stretched into a bun so tight her eyes looked half Asian. She wore a housedress that fell just below her knees and was the same blue as the house. The slippers on her swollen feet were soiled to a brown-gray, though they might have been white when she bought them.
My gaze darted back to her face. There were creases on Mrs. Olivetti’s high forehead and around her thin lips but the rest of her skin was pulled tight, stretched over a long nose and broad cheekbones as though there hadn’t been enough flesh to cover the bones.
But it was those eyes that pulled me in, made me clear my throat twice. They were deep black—onyx, midnight, opaque—the kind that grabbed you tight, held on, X-rayed, scanning layers of brain and memory and secrets. I thought Mrs. Olivetti saw right through me down to the bet I’d made on Mary Alice’s underwear.
I looked away.
She turned to Mary Alice, spoke in the same high-pitched, staccato Italian she’d used earlier. Mary Alice answered, her voice soft at first, then rising to within a decibel of her mother’s. I heard my name, once, twice, three times. Mrs. Olivetti pointed at me with her left hand, shook her head. The thin gold band on her third finger made me think of Mary Alice’s father, Umberto: small, thin, stoop-shouldered with a shock of white hair and round wire-framed glasses. I never heard him speak, even the one time when Father Charles introduced him after Mass. He’d just stood there and nodded, his thin lips pulling open enough to reveal two crooked front teeth. I figured he’d given up on talking after he married Mary Alice’s mother. Who wouldn’t? 
Mrs. Olivetti gave me one last look, muttered in Italian, then turned and headed back into the house, to her garlic and grease and rooms with crucifixes dangling from the walls.
“I… I have to go,” Mary Alice said, her dark eyes staring at her slippers. They were the same style as her mother’s, two shades cleaner.
“Here,” I said, wedging open the door enough to shove the cannoli into her hands. “These are for you.” I turned and ran down the street toward my house, wishing my mother hadn’t decided to be hospitable. Then I wouldn’t have been standing on the other side of the Olivettis’ screen door, wouldn’t have smelled the garlic and burned grease. Wouldn’t have heard Mrs. Olivetti’s shrill voice saying my name as though it were evil. I wouldn’t have noticed anything.
But I did.
The next day I saw Mary Alice leaving school. “Hey, Mary Alice. Wait up,” I said, hurrying to catch up with her.
She slowed but didn’t look at me. “Vivi. Hi.”
I knew what I wanted to say; I just didn’t quite know how to say it—a first for me. We headed down the hill, past the smokers puffing on their afternoon fixes, past the line of evergreens, stiff and secretive, toward the railroad tracks and the shortcut home. “About yesterday,” I started, stopped.
“Thanks for the cannoli.” She kept her gaze fixed straight ahead.
“You’re welcome.” I didn’t look at her either.
“They’re my favorite.”
“Oh. Good.” I paused. “Good.”
“We used to make them but it’s been a long time.”
I kicked the gravel on my side of the tracks. A spray of tiny stones flew in the air, scattered on the ground. “They’re a lot of work.”
“I know.” She let out a small sigh. “Thank you.”
 “Mary Alice, what was your mother saying about me yesterday?”
She stumbled, regained her step, and shifted the stack of books she carried to her other arm. “Nothing.”
“She said my name three times.” I didn’t add “Like I was the devil,” but I thought it. “What was she saying?”
“Nothing. Really.”
I stopped and waited until she looked at me. “You planning on going to confession Saturday?” I asked. “Because I know you just lied.”
She shook her head, stared at me with those dark eyes. “Vivi, my mother’s from the old school. She expects things to be a certain way.”
“So? What’s that have to do with me?”
“Well, she expects people to be a certain way, too, the way they act, the way they talk, the way they dress—”
“Mary Alice,” I cut her off. “What did she say about me?” 
“She said you’re bold.”
“Oh.” I took that as a compliment.
“Outspoken.”
True.
Mary Alice looked away. “And your clothes weren’t,” she hesitated, sucked in a breath, “proper.”
Jean shorts and a T-shirt? “Is that all?” The old bag was insane.
“Your name.”
“My name?” Vivian? “What’s wrong with my name?”
“She said it wasn’t…” she stopped, cleared her throat. “She said it wasn’t a real saint’s name.”
That did it. “You go tell that psycho mother of yours that Vivian is too a saint’s name. Saint Vivian, otherwise known as St. Bibiana, was born in Italy, which your mother should know. and she’s the patron saint of working women, torture victims, epileptics, those suffering from hangovers, and insanity. You tell your mother that.”
“Vivi.”
“Is that it?”
Mary Alice looked away, said nothing.
“Is that it?” I said again, wishing the old witch were here right now so I could tell her about Saint Vivian, especially about the insanity part.
“It’s not about you, Vivi,” she said. “It’s about me.”
“What?” Her mother was going to make her wear two rosary beads around her neck instead of one? Add a little extra elastic to her pants? Another dab of holy water on her wrists? What?
Mary Alice turned to me, her eyes bright. “She said I can’t see you anymore.”
That I did not expect. It was almost funny to hear the most unpopular girl in high school tell the class president that she wasn’t allowed to hang around with her anymore. But somewhere deep in my gut, it hurt. Maybe it was the rejection, the feeling as unfamiliar as the word. Or maybe it was the glimpse I’d just been shown of what life was really like inside the house with the daffodil shingles and the statue of the Virgin Mary stuffed in the flowerbed.
“I’m not going to listen to her though,” Mary Alice said, swiping at her cheeks with the back of her hand. “She only goes to the grocery store and church, and once in a while she gets a ride to Walmart. She doesn’t even drive, you know. She’ll never find out.”
I stared at Mary Alice. “You can’t. You know you can’t.”
The tears really started coming then. “Why? Because she’s my mother? Because it’s a sin to disobey her?” Her shoulders were shaking. “Because if I don’t stop seeing my friend, my only real friend, it’s a mortal sin?”
I did not want to hear her say she was sacrificing her soul for me, the friend who bet on what size underwear she wore. I thought I was going to be sick right there, all over the black metal railroad tracks. 
“You’re my friend, Vivi. You’re a good person. My mother’s wrong. I’ll go to confession every week if I have to, but I’m not going to stop seeing you.”
I swallowed hard, pushed away the tears burning the backs of my eyelids. Mary Alice was risking everything for me, her friend. 
I’d like to say I taught Mary Alice a lot that year and that she was a better person for knowing me, but the truth is, I was the one who became the better person. Maybe I introduced her to more of my friends and she had a regular seat at our lunch table without the mandatory pizzelles and even got invited to a few parties, which she never went to, but I was the one who learned that life was about more than labels—on clothes or on people. Mary Alice and I used to walk along the railroad tracks and discuss Dostoyevsky’s Crime and Punishment, Tolstoy’s Anna Karenina, and Kakuzo Okakura’s The Book of Tea.
“I’d take the dozen roses any day,” I said referring to The Book of Tea.
“Not me.” She smiled and shook her head, her long black braid swinging back and forth against her white cotton shirt. “It’s the beauty of one. That’s what Okakura’s trying to get you to see. Simplistic beauty.”
I laughed. “I’d still take the dozen roses.”
Sometimes we’d sneak outside at night and meet in my backyard. Blackness had a way of peeling away facades, pushing truths and real emotions to the surface. There were no expressions, no faces to be seen, or gestures to be interpreted. There were only words and silence, and often it was the silence that spoke the loudest and said the most. It was during these times that I learned Mary Alice dreamed of becoming an opera singer and used to whirl around the house singing La Traviata until her mother told her she’d never find a job doing that and should stick with a more practical profession, like teaching first grade. 
Mary Alice told me about the sheet music to Carmen she kept hidden under her mattress and how sometimes she still sang when no one was home. I told her I didn’t know what I wanted to do other than get out of this small town and go to a college mixer. She dreamed of visiting Rome, attending Mass at the Vatican on Easter Sunday. I thought I would own a summerhouse in Malibu, maybe Fort Lauderdale, too. Mary Alice preferred a small cottage in Maine near the ocean where she could read Thoreau and sing at sunset without anyone telling her to stop. 
We both wanted, we both needed, different yet the same in our desire to be accepted for who and what we were and could become. We snuck into my bathroom one Sunday afternoon and I showed Mary Alice how to put on eye shadow, Cover Girl Shimmer Blue, and lipstick, Coty’s Palest Pink. She taught me how to count to ten in Italian and say, I’d like another slice of pizza, please. 
“Do you think you’ll get married some day?” she’d asked me one night as we huddled together in the dark beneath an old willow tree in my backyard. 
“I don’t know,” I said. “Maybe. You?”
“I’d like to.” And then. “What’s it like to kiss a boy?”
“Huh?” 
“What’s it like to kiss a boy?” she repeated, her voice laced with innocence and curiosity.
“Nice,” I said, thinking of Jack Sandovich’s firm lips moving over mine. Very nice.
“How do you know what to do?” She sounded worried. “I mean, how do you know?”
“Well, you just kind of figure it out. And the guy kind of leads you along. You’ll see.”
“I guess.”
“Honestly, Mary Alice, what are you worried about? You got a boyfriend you’re keeping from me?” 
She laughed then. “No.”
“Anybody you’re thinking about?” A vision of Alex Delensen spun before me in all of his golden beauty and parked itself right alongside the lie we’d all told Mary Alice about him having a crush on her. My gut twisted with guilt and something a lot like shame. Please, don’t let it be Alex.
“Well.” She giggled. “Maybe.”
“Who?” 
“Kevin Surgaugh.”
“Kevin Surgaugh? The ‘I’m going to be a priest’ Kevin?”
“Don’t tell anyone, please?”
“You know I won’t.” I never told anyone about what Mary Alice and I talked about. It was too private. Too honest. Too real.
Somewhere along the way, Mary Alice Olivetti had become my best friend. We never went to the movies or football games together or shared any of the social activities my other friends and I did. Our friendship was deeper; it didn’t just scratch at the conscious self, poking and prodding for plausible answers. It dug in, scraped out, found a nesting place that even miles and college wouldn’t separate. We promised to visit each other in school, discuss theory and literature, maybe even go to a mixer together. 
We had our whole lives in front of us.
I was going to Syracuse and Mary Alice to St. Bonaventure. It was still hard to believe that Mrs. Olivetti had given permission for Mary Alice to leave town and take up residence in a place that housed thousands, not all of them practicing Catholics and fewer still, Italian. I guessed the Saint at the beginning of the name helped. 
But in June, six days after graduation, everything changed. Mr. Olivetti had a heart attack, ended up in the CCU of Heath Memorial, and just when everyone thought the worst had passed, he suffered a huge stroke that paralyzed his left side and put him on permanent disability. That was the end of St. Bonaventure. Mary Alice withdrew her admission without a whimper of protest and found a full-time job in the kitchen at Heath Memorial. 
“I’m sorry, Mary Alice,” I said. Sorry and guilty; she’d wanted college so much more than I had and yet, she was the one staying behind.
She’d shrugged, worked up a small smile. “It was God’s will.” 
“I guess.” Why did God’s will always have to be connected to something horrible? Why couldn’t good things be God’s will, too? Why did Umberto Olivetti have to have a heart attack and a stroke? Was it just to keep Mary Alice home? 
“You’ll still come to see me.” It was a statement that fell out like a question.
“I’ll try.” 
“You can still go to St. Bonnie’s.” I hated the sad look in her brown eyes. “Next year. You’ll see. Maybe even next semester, who knows?”
She didn’t answer, just smiled and took my hand between hers. “Thank you, Vivi. Thank you for being a wonderful friend.” 
I simply nodded, unable to say anything, unwilling to say goodbye, my gaze fixed on the black rosary beads dangling from her neck. I bit down on my bottom lip so hard I tasted blood. Mary Alice turned away then, started walking toward her home, head high, black braid swinging against her white cotton shirt.
My mother called me at school three weeks later to tell me there’d been a terrible accident. Horrible, actually, she’d said. Mary Alice had twisted two strands of rosary beads around her neck, gouged both wrists with a crucifix, and nearly bled to death before her mother found her sprawled on her bed, covered in blood.
She tried to kill herself, Vivi.
Oh my God. Oh my God. 
I tried to visit her once when it first happened, when she was still in the psychiatric unit, but her mother had signed an order stating that no one but family could see her. 
I have to see her, Mom. I can help her; I know I can. Please. Please talk to Mrs. Olivetti and get her to let me see Mary Alice.
Vivian, stop. You can’t help her. That’s why she’s in the hospital. 
I can help her. I know how. There are things I can tell her.  
She tried to kill herself. Do you understand?
I can help her. I can help her. I can help her.
She’s not the same Mary Alice. They’ve got her on medication….
I can help her…
In the end, I went back to Syracuse mourning my friend and cursing Mrs. Olivetti and the church for their part in Mary Alice’s ultimate demise. And there was no doubt in my mind that they, with their stringent expectations and impossible rules, heaped on her with such persistency and forcefulness at such a young age, had weighed her down, stolen her choices, made her believe that it was wrong to think about herself, wrong to desire anything outside of family and church, wrong to ask questions that might lead to uncomfortable answers. Wrong to think her own thoughts. 
Had she believed there was no way out, felt smothered by demands and disappointment, chosen death in flesh over death in spirit? Had the very institutions that should have protected her—family and church—in the end destroyed her?
I saw Mary Alice seven months later outside St. Richard’s before five-o’clock Mass. I almost passed her by but my eye caught the slippers: the same style as Mrs. Olivetti’s, soiled to the same grayish-brown. I called her name but she didn’t turn around.
I walked up to her. “Mary Alice?”
She’d gained weight, twenty, thirty pounds. The plain muslin housedress she wore pulled around her middle and fell to her ankles. Her hair, which had once been plaited into a shiny, fat braid falling halfway down her back, was dull and short. There were three sets of rosary beads around her neck, one blue, one black, one white. But when she lifted her head, it was her eyes that shocked me most. They were empty.
“Mary Alice?” Where was the girl who wanted to be an opera singer, the one who hid Carmen under her bed and recited passages from Kakuzo Okakura’s The Book of Tea? 
“Mary Alice?” I said again. “It’s me, Vivi.”
“Vivi.” She mouthed the word as though she were a child learning a foreign language. “Vivi.” It fell out in a monotone of indifference. Her shoulders slumped forward; her eyes grew heavy. “Vivi,” she repeated once more just as Mrs. Olivetti swooped down on her, refusing to meet my gaze, and herded Mary Alice up the steps of St. Richard’s where the congregation would pray for salvation and redemption, all in the name of the church.
I watched them enter St. Richard’s, watched the lifeless, bloated shell of my friend disappear through the weathered oak doors, and then I turned and started home, wishing my mother had told me the truth.
Mary Alice Olivetti was already dead. 
The End

Pretending Normal grew out of The Death of Mary Alice Olivetti. Like the short story, it centered on human frailty and family but it offered hope and forgiveness rather than the stark effects of despair and disillusionment in Mary Alice’s story.
Pretending Normal has an alternate ending which I’d like to share. I thought of Willy Loman in Death of a Salesman but when I wrote this ending I wanted there to be a greater arc of love, forgiveness, and choice. Having Frank Polokovich die in the car that had given him so much happiness was a bit anticlimactic. What about Sara? She might have given her father a gift by letting him die, but what of herself? She’d live a life of guilt and torment, and could end up with the same issues as her father. I toyed with the ending for weeks, bouncing back and forth and finally settling on one that provides hope for Sara as she learns and embraces the truth about human frailty, family, and forgiveness.

Alternate Ending for Pretending Normal
At first I don’t hear the noise.
I’ve just said goodbye to Nina and am thinking about heating up leftover spaghetti and meatballs for dinner…maybe tomorrow we’ll have Porterhouse steaks…he’ll like that. I am almost to the garage when the low rumble of the Chevy’s motor fills my ears.
Dad? Dad! I run to the garage door, grab the knob and turn, but it’s locked. I thrust my body against the old wood of the door, slamming myself into it over and over, but nothing happens. It is then that I spot the letter from the mill on the ground. Dad’s bold print is on the other side. I’m letting you go, Sara. You’re free…let me be free, too. Love, Dad.
I cram the letter into my jeans pocket and scramble to the back of the garage where I climb the stack of cinder blocks and peer in the window. Plumes of pale gray smoke cloud the garage, crowding around the Chevy like a net. My father is in the driver’s seat, head thrown back, eyes closed.
…let me be free, too. His words float to me on puffs of smoke, filling my throat, cutting off oxygen. Tears burn my face, grief and guilt scalding me, promising to choke the last breath of life from me as though I am in the seat beside him.
Then the other words come to me… And the horrible thing for these poor sons of bitches is when some do-gooder shuts off the engine and opens the door, thinking he’s trying to save a life when all he’s doing is prolonging a death…
I sink to the ground, try to block the murderous sound of the Chevy’s engine. One minute…two…three…
I can’t do this! I am on my feet, running for the garage door, hurling my body against it, hard, harder, clawing my nails into the weathered wood. I spot a shovel propped against the side of the house, grab it and ram it into the door, over and over, until the knob bends forward and I push the door open, coughing and choking as I fight my way to the car. I’m coming, Dad! I’m coming! I lift the handle, pull hard but it’s locked. 
Damn you! Damn you, open the door!
I’m lightheaded and nauseated but I push on, grab the shovel and bang it against the window until the glass shatters. He doesn’t move. His eyes are still closed. I reach in, turn off the engine.
My lungs are heaving, pulling for fresh air. “Dad?” You can’t die, not now. I love you, Dad. I give him a light shake. Don’t die. His huge body falls forward and slumps over the steering wheel.
I open my mouth to scream, yell out the pain and misery of living, the injustice of it all, but nothing comes out, nothing but air and grief and horror. Then everything is black.
***
In the hospital with Sara and Ms. O’Grady
She strokes my arm. “Your father wanted it this way. He knew he’d never beat the bottle.” Her hand stills. “He gave you a gift, Sara. The most precious gift he could, the only way he knew how … and he took his, the only way he knew how. You let him give you that gift and you let him take his. Only a strong person could do that, someone like you.” She sniffs, clears her throat, “We’re all counting on you—me, your mother, your father, your sister, your aunt. We need you to pull through, show us, not just how to survive, but how to live.”
The End

Pretending Normal
Pretending Normal, formerly Lies Imitating Life, was a past quarter-finalist in Ray Bradbury’s New Century New Writer Award contest. It was also a past semifinalist in the Amazon Breakthrough Novel Award contest.
1976 Before—Sara Polokovich wants out of Norwood, Pennsylvania (population 4582), where the undertaker and the butcher are the same person. All she has to do is earn a scholarship. Just two more years … but until then, she pores over classics to strengthen her comprehension skills, reviews for the SAT, and continues to request college brochures from every school in the Northeast. 
Sara’s just buried her mother, her father drinks too much, and her kid sister won’t leave her alone. Why can’t her life be normal? Even half normal? Why does Frank (she refuses to think of him as her father anymore) spend all of his time in the garage with that damn ’57 Chevy? And why does he have to hide bottles all over the house: in the red metal cupboard in the garage, behind the faded orange curtain in the kitchen, under the sink in the bathroom? Why can’t anybody talk about what’s happening?
As Sara struggles to free herself from a life of dysfunction and disease, she will discover the true depths of a parent’s love and the ultimate sacrifice given—and taken—in the name of that love. 

The End

Chapter Seven: Across The River
Am I crazy for sharing a story about a squirrel? Possibly. But I wrote this at a time when I was coming to grips with a painful betrayal and writing was much cheaper than therapy. It would be the beginning of the end of my marriage and while neither my brain nor heart could process the truth, my subconscious already knew. I guess this was the first step in accepting what would happen months later.

Across the River
Samuel tossed a small acorn back and forth between his paws, enjoying the briskness of the fall morning. The village where he lived with his family and friends was surrounded by trees and a splash of sky that while a safe haven, had become much too predictable. It was this very sameness that caused him unrest, festering until one day it burst from him in the form of a question. “Jacob, have you ever considered leaving this place?”
Jacob peered over his spectacles and twitched his nose as squirrels did when they were searching for answers. “Leave?” he asked, as though he did not quite comprehend the question. “Why would I leave when I have everything I need right here?”
Samuel pointed a paw at the huge expanse of water known as The River and whispered, “Look across the water. Do you see that oak tree?” He zeroed in on its majestic presence, its green glossy leaves swaying in the breeze. He watched, mesmerized. “What I wouldn’t give to make that tree my home.” He scratched his head. “I could leave this place with its tepid offerings… and live on the Island of Id.”
And so it began.
Each day, Samuel lay on the grassy bank dreaming of a future in the beautiful oak tree across The River. He spent his mornings planning his escape, his afternoons plotting his future, and his evenings gazing at the titillating beauty and all it promised.
And each day, Jacob watched helplessly as his friend turned his back on his home. Neglect swept through the overgrown garden laden with weeds. The once clear walkway marking the entrance of Samuel’s home became shrouded with sticks, brambles, and weeds. The inside of the abode was in similar disrepair, layered in dust and disinterest. The nuts, which had once been so bountiful, had dwindled to no more than a scant, sporadic offering. Samuel didn’t care. He was too busy dreaming of what lay across The River in the arms of the oak tree.
Jacob grew relentless with his warnings. “Don’t throw everything away. Samuel, wake up before it’s too late. Your tree has been a constant. It has guided, supported, and nurtured you for many years. Even now, when you totally ignore and abuse it, it still provides what sustenance it can—but it will not last forever.”
Samuel scoffed at Jacob’s incessant worrying. “This place is ugly and drab. Nothing sparkles; no new excitement awaits me. Do I not deserve better?”
Jacob shook his head like the worrisome creature he was and continued with his preaching. “You have trampled everything that was offered to you and are ready to abandon your home for an illusion. Yes, Samuel, an illusion. That tree, that land, is what you perceive it to be, not what it really is. It has done nothing to earn your steadfast devotion, yet you are ready to discard everything for it. Go back to your true home. Clear the garden and walkway, then open your eyes and see the love that is there. Why not devote your misplaced attention to rekindling and multiplying the fruit of your own hearth? For that is where faith, love, and loyalty lie. Open your eyes my friend before it is too late.”
Samuel ignored Jacob’s words and replied, “I spoke with Raven today and I will be leaving tomorrow. I must do this—for myself. For my happiness.”
“You have no idea what really lies past The River on the Island of Id. You see what you want to see. Those seemingly lush ripe nuts you desire may be empty. Or rotten. Have you considered that?”
“There is no need to consider what is not so.”
“Your oak tree has endured and sustained you through all manner of hardship,” Jacob said. “Even now, in your utmost neglect it still nourishes and shelters you.”
“I don’t want it anymore. The fruit is soft and flavorless, the presentation even more so.” He smiled. “But that tree—” he pointed to the oak across The River “—will have the sweetest fruit I have ever tasted.”
“You can never come back.”
“Why would I want to? Freedom awaits and I shall have it.” Samuel turned his back on Jacob and once again stared over the waters at the object of his fascination. He did not hear Jacob leave. Soon he would begin his new life. Too excited to sleep, he spent the night pacing the grassy banks of the forest. He would not return home for farewells. Why should he when it had done nothing to entice him back? In truth, it had grown old, shabby, and disgusting.
Soon, all of this desolation would be behind him.
As dawn approached, Raven swooped down upon a sleeping Samuel and startled him. The bird’s dark gaze pierced Samuel as he inquired, “Are you certain this is what you want? Things are not always as they appear.”
“Raven, this is different. Soon, I will have everything I could ever desire.”
“Samuel, you can never return.”
“I don’t want to return. Ever!”
With one last look, Raven leaned low enough for Samuel to hop on his back. Off they glided toward the Island of Id and the nebulous future.
Samuel was too caught up in the moment to notice The River’s current had grown turbulent, tossing smaller animals against rocks, hurling them to painful, bone-crushing deaths. He never noticed the decay scattered on the perimeters of the island or smelled the stench of death. But death and decay were all around them, from the fragile protrusions of fish bones and small game to the slime of algae. The closer they got, the more evident the destruction. Raven landed on a fallen rotting log and Samuel slid off.
“Good-bye, my friend,” Raven whispered to the retreating figure.
Samuel scurried toward the direction of the beautiful oak tree. In his haste to reach his long-awaited destination he had been oblivious to his surroundings. Now, as he paused to rest a moment he was surprised by the complete absence of sound save his own rapid breathing. He was in a forest and yet he heard no birds chirping, leaves rustling, or other signs of inhabitants.
For the first time since his descent, Samuel looked around—truly looked. He blinked, blinked again. From a distance everything had appeared green, lush, vibrant. But what now lay before him was an expanse of decay and ruin such as he’d never before witnessed. A green fungus, disguised over the expanse of The River as healthy foliage, covered every tree trunk and limb. Pools of fetid water emitted an odor so foul Samuel held his breath as he scurried around them.
This could not be! Long tentacles of grassy overhang grabbed at him. His paws bled as he raced over thorny briar patches. The farther into the forest he ran, the more he fought to deny the sight that unfolded before him.
Could the vision he’d seen from the other side of The River been nothing more than a cruel trick the sun’s rays had conjured up for Samuel’s eager eyes and mind?
Sensing he was being watched, Samuel whirled around to discover several pairs of haunted eyes staring back at him from behind patches of tall brittle growth. Cautiously, the scrawny little predators inched forward, ribs protruding over matted wisps of fur. Samuel was drawn to their eyes—empty and haunted. The most emaciated down-trodden creature in the group limped forward. He may have been a rat or some other type of rodent, but he’d degenerated to such a degree that his true lineage was difficult to discern.
“Don’t look at us with such horror. You’re one of us now,” the rodent mocked.
“Hah! Hardly. I’ve come to make a life on this island with the oak tree. I have waited and planned for a very long time. I am most definitely not one of you.”
“Of course,” the rodent said, letting out a hollow cackle that was more menace than laughter. “The ever-faithless promise of the oak tree. Tell me something, squirrel—” the rodent narrowed his beady eyes “—did her shiny leaves blow in the breeze just so, making you think she was calling to you? Did her strong limbs make you dream of finding hours of comfort in them? And did the grace and elegance of her trunk cause you to believe she would shelter you? Forever?”
“How did you know?”
“Do you think we always looked like this? Lived like this?” the creature asked, raising a chewed-up hairless paw toward the rest of the group. “I see you are thinking. Yes, each of us fell prey to that very tree. And each of us betrayed ourselves and everything we held dear to get to that tree.”
Before his words could register, a piercing sound screeched above them. The animals scurried for shelter in the denseness of the brush. Samuel followed the rodent and hid behind a large bramble. Seconds later, a barrel-chested hawk swooped down to the recently vacated spot. He surveyed the area with predatory eyes for a moment before soaring to the sky once again.
Samuel was the first to speak. “I saw those very birds from across The River. They appeared so majestic and strong.”
The rodent spat out, “They are strong because they prey on the likes of you and me!”
Samuel refused to believe the rodent’s cruel words. “I gave up everything for this place. I will find the oak tree and it will bring me happiness. I’m sorry for all of you but I’m not like you.”
“Open your eyes, squirrel. You are exactly like us. You sold your soul. Just like the rest of us.” With that last comment, the rodent disappeared into the brush.
Samuel turned and ran from what he feared might be the truth. The faster he ran, the more manacles and thorns grabbed at him. He finally emerged from the wooded prison and fell exhausted at the foot of the oak tree.
All doubt fled as Samuel gazed upon the magnificent beauty before him. Slowly, with great reverence, he touched the bark, enjoying the rough texture between his paws. The green leaves were long and beautiful, tantalizing him as they swayed in the breeze. Pain and doubt fled. He would never look back with regret at what he’d left behind.
He had found his true home.
He bound up the tree, heading for the largest most succulent acorn he’d ever seen. Samuel plucked it from its stem, cradled it gently and made his way back down to the ground. He caressed the nut, reveling in its soft gleam. Oh, how heavenly it would be to taste the lush meat within—sweet, fragrant, intoxicating. Unable to wait a moment longer, he cracked the acorn open and peered inside.
It was empty.
He stared into the hollow shell, confused. Then he tossed it aside and scampered up the tree after another. This one cracked easily but was just as empty as the first. Samuel threw it aside and darted from one nut to the next, cracking each open and finding the same black nothingness inside.
How could this be? He’d seen the fruit, seen the tree. Hadn’t he?
A rustling behind him disturbed his thoughts and Samuel turned to find the rodent peering at him, a bizarre smile on his face.
“Just like the rest of us now,” he taunted. “No way out. Not now. Not ever.”
As the rodent scurried away on hairless feet, Samuel wondered how long it would take before he looked like that. He hung his head, the weight of grief too heavy, and lay down among the empty acorn shells.
A few weeks later, Samuel pulled a thorny branch aside and peered across The River. He’d found that brambles were good hiding spots but they tended to tear at one’s coat and often drew blood. But they were safe. Grassy banks were not. Neither was the sunshine or long stretches of daylight—not if one valued one’s life. His gray coat was tattered and thinning with burrs stuck in odd places.
But he was alive, and that was better than some of the other creatures crawling about. He’d lost weight which wasn’t surprising when the only sustenance one could look forward to was an odd assortment of bitter berries and dried leaves.
He squinted across The River. If he looked long enough and hard enough he thought he could see Jacob resting on the grassy bank. Perhaps not a bed of velvet but a soft comfortable spot just the same. And off to the right was his oak tree. Not beautiful and tantalizing but strong and sturdy with thick green leaves and a solid trunk. Someone had cleared the weeds from the path, tended the garden, showered attention. Showed love. The oak, his oak, stood proud and serene. And he knew there would be acorns. Abundant overspills of them, scattering the ground.
Samuel licked his lips, almost able to taste the sweet meat. His mouth watered. He closed his eyes, dreaming of his tree. Wishing… wishing…
Something pinched his tail, rousing him from his daydreams.
“Best move, fast,” the rodent warned. “Our spot’s been discovered.”
Samuel took one last look across The River, his attention settling on the oak tree. Later, he would find another safe place, even if only for a few minutes, and then he’d gaze across the water and dream…
The End

Chapter Eight: A Family Affair
Several years ago, I read an article about a man who’d kept a secret family for years without anyone’s knowledge. I was fascinated that someone could and would actually do this. That one small article lived in my subconscious for years, emerging occasionally as I considered how a person might achieve this, the effects on the primary family as well as the other family, the pain, the grief, the anger, the emotional, financial, and psychological entanglements between the two, and the ultimate question; which was the real family? I became so engrossed with the emotion of the situation that I knew I had to create my own characters and my own story, and so emerged, A Family Affair.
I have received many emails from readers wondering about Charles and Gloria Blacksworth. Who are they? How could they do what they did? The weakness? The commonness of it? The selfishness, especially for Charles and his secret life, which appeared to benefit him most of all. One of my first drafts contained a narrative in which Charles thinks about his life and his choice and is simply not strong enough to make that tough call. An integral part of his backstory is his sister, Ellie. He loved her, yet couldn’t save her from the illness that killed her. She is the one who leaves him with a parting message that propels him to enter a daring relationship with Vivian when she pleads, Live. Live for me.
And Gloria? Well, when I read her backstory, I am saddened and want to tell her “Wake up, don’t sell yourself!” But wait, I’ve created Gloria, so I guess this is how I saw it play out. Two more tidbits before I post the narratives of Charles and Gloria Blacksworth. A Family Affair was initially titled Four Days a Month. If you’ve read the book, you’ll know why. And second, the ending was different for the first several drafts. I’m glad I didn’t choose it because doing so would have changed the entire dynamics of the story. Still, I want readers to know what almost was.

A Family Affair, formerly Four Days a Month
From Charles Blacksworth’s viewpoint
He sat in the dark, staring at the slit of moon illuminating her hair. She was asleep, the slow methodical rise and fall of the chenille spread taking her dreams away from him, safe, protected, while he hung caught between sleep and wakefulness, too afraid to close his eyes lest he miss these last few hours with her. It was always like this, the dread mixed with the longing, pulling at him, shredding his sanity.
God. He ran both hands over his face, settled his gaze once again on the tiny arc of wheat chenille. She deserved better, more, certainly more than this. For ninety-six hours a month they were a family, doing family things; peeling potatoes for mashing, changing light bulbs, raking leaves. And then he left, returning to his other life, moving through the days in his hand-tailored suits and starched white shirts, CEB monogrammed in bold block letters on the right cuff as though he were in someone else’s body, speaking someone else’s thoughts, wearing someone else’s clothes. Living someone else’s life, and all the time waiting…
Timing is the key to a good life, his father had told him. Of course, he’d been referring to the stock market, getting in, getting out, capitalizing on the deal, making money. His father, Randolph Ellis Blacksworth, had known all about that; he’d started Blacksworth & Company Investments of Chicago in 1957 with a handful of investors and a sublease on a second story suite on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago—a dingy, faded red brick building with leaky plumbing and cracked plaster. But by year five, he’d paid back all of his investors and rented the first and third floors. By year fifteen he owned the entire building. Year twenty-five, he’d expanded his properties to include two more buildings, and by year thirty, Randolph Ellis Blacksworth graced the covers of Fortune, Forbes and Money, a commanding presence puffing on a cigar in a pinstripe suit, his much-coveted pocket watch visible to the world.
But timing was about more than cashing in on an investment. Charles knew that, had always known that, even if his father had not. It was timing that brought joy or misery to a person’s existence; ten years could make an oldest child a youngest, shed him of duty and responsibility, strip family titles, permit him to follow his destiny, not that of his father’s. Timing granted freedom, to live, to love, to choose… or it claimed that same freedom, imprisoning it in duty, demands, and expectations.
Those who knew him through business or country club functions would say that he, Charles Edwin Blacksworth, was both fortunate and blessed. Fortunate to be the eldest, heir to the prestigious firm of Blacksworth & Company Investments, fortunate to sit on the board as its CEO, blessed to have a beautiful wife, a gifted daughter, fortunate to own a 7,000 square foot Tudor in Essex Estates, a membership to Silver Leaf Country Club, two Mercedes. Blessed to have his family close to him. Fortunate and blessed. But Charles knew better.
In the early days people had expected him to accept his wealth and opportunities with casual graciousness, as one who is used to, even anticipates the best possible outcome. But expectation quickly overrode anticipation, beating it to the ground, squeezing the breath from it until there was nothing left but what others thought he should do and he himself knew he must do. And for years he did just that; bowed to expectation. It hadn’t mattered that his first love had been medicine or that he possessed a driving passion to study cell proliferation, find a cure for cancer, change the medical world. You’re a Blacksworth, his father had said, when Charles told him the week before he graduated from MIT that he’d been accepted to Georgetown Medical School. You’ll run the company one day, make a difference, change the way people think about money… So, Charles had walked away from Georgetown, buried his dream and studied stocks and commodities instead of micro-organisms and disease processes. And he was successful; a born leader many said, a natural. This is where you belong—his father’s words remained buried deep in his skull for the next twenty years—here, in the boardroom, not in some cramped lab squinting at germs under a microscope.
Expectation presented itself again six months after graduation in the form of a young socialite named Gloria Elizabeth Canstell, daughter of Ernest Canstell, president of MidCity National Bank, and a close friend of Randolph Blacksworth. Gloria had studied international finance at Vassar, planned to work abroad, London was her first choice. But Ernest Canstell and Randolph Blacksworth had other plans; they foresaw the potential for a great merger between families, one that would boost their companies’ strongholds in the market, make them undefeatable. A union of this magnitude would be incredible, especially during these times… you’d be doing the family a great service… and she’s not bad to look at either… Despite their family’s intrusions, Charles and Gloria fell in love, married, and bought a house in the prestigious Essex Estates. Gloria proceeded to busy herself with decorators and landscapers and never again mentioned London or the value of the euro.
Timing… what if Gloria had accepted her aunt’s invitation to visit London right after graduating from Vassar, spent the summer in Europe instead of succumbing to her father’s urgent request to share one last season with him before embarking on her future? What then? Would Charles be sitting here now, in this chair, staring at the slit of light so hard his vision blurred, willing the morning not to come?
He didn’t blame Gloria. She’d been a victim of other’s expectations, their desires so enticing, so real, making them plausible, even predictable. She’d gotten caught just like him, trapped in her own weakness.
How could it be that after all these years he was still trapped, still bound by that same sense of duty and expectation that had determined his life as a young man? His father had been dead for years yet his presence was not, nor was the steady reminder of the company, or its employees. Then there was his daughter… and Gloria. Everyone wanted something from him—a piece, a promise, and he could not disappoint them. He couldn’t, so he continued to sit at the head of the company, attend board meetings, pull his lips into a faint smile, shake hands and nod. He did all of this in exchange for ninety-six hours a month.
Ellie would be furious if she could see him now, know what thoughts were running through his head. Stop! Stop it now, Charlie, she’d say. They’re not worth it, none of them except Christine. You don’t owe them anything; you know that, don’t you? Well, don’t you?
But the truth was he didn’t know that. People had depended on him for so long that even his younger sister’s words could not appease the guilt and lacking that gnawed at him like the leukemia that had taken her from him almost fourteen years ago. The pain of losing her still sat wedged in his chest like a tumor the size of a grapefruit. Ellie, christened Eleanor Ruth Blacksworth, had been thirty-nine, five years younger than Charles when she died, yet bound to him tighter than anyone. He sometimes thought he’d continued in the business for Ellie, to carry forth her vision. She was the one who loved the business, let it pull her from day to day with a passion he both admired and regretted. Blacksworth & Company was her life and there’d been no one else, no husband or child to garner blocks of time, love, or affection. Only the Company and himself.
Charles missed Ellie, missed her throaty laugh and sharp tongue, missed the way the sunlight spilled over her cap of curly brown hair as she studied projections, sipping black coffee from a bone china cup. Until chemotherapy yanked the lustrous strands from her head, leaving in their place a few dull wisps which she hid under a yellow bandana.
Chemotherapy. It had to kill in order to save and then sometimes, it still couldn’t save. It hadn’t saved Ellie. She’d died on a Sunday afternoon in mid-July. It had been so god-awful hot, and all she’d wanted that day was a taste of peach ice cream. He’d found nine gallons of Peaches n’ Cream, bought them all and rushed to the hospital, desperate to show her he wasn’t ready to let her go, not at least until she’d worked her way through all nine gallons, and then the other ten he had on order from Lee’s West End Market. She’d managed two teaspoons before she fell back on her pillow, tears rimming her eyes, falling down her sunken cheeks.
I can’t do this any longer, Charlie.
No. No, Ellie.
I’m so tired.
You’re a fighter. You’ll beat this.
Charlie… you have to let me go.
Please. Ellie. Please don’t leave me.
I love you, Charlie.
Ellie—
Live. Live for me.
She died that night, lifted from the cracks of a gaunt shell, shriveled and grayed from deficient white blood cells and massive doses of chemotherapy. But the essence of Eleanor Ruth Blacksworth lived on, beside him, within him, every day. She was the reason he was here, sitting in this chair. Live. Live for me. And he was living; ninety-six hours a month, he was breathing full-out, open, free. The other days, he just existed.
Perhaps, this month he’d find the strength, expose the lies, merge past with present … He fell back against the soft cushion of the overstuffed chair, closed his eyes. Perhaps this month …
***
From Gloria’s Blacksworth’s viewpoint
Gloria Blacksworth had developed an aversion to morning years ago. She much preferred the darker tones of night—muted, calming, less transparent. Summer was the most unbearable. There were full days in the heat of July when Gloria remained in her bedroom, blinds drawn, the chenille afghan tucked around her legs as she reclined in bed, a small mountain of carefully arranged pillows behind her back, a carafe of Columbian coffee at her side, the Crown Royal that she “splashed” in her coffee hidden in the bottom drawer of the cherry nightstand.
Thank God it was January. Why did everyone dislike winter, complain that the air was too cold, the sun too sparse, the skies too bleak? Couldn’t they see that winter provided the perfect camouflage for those who chose not to be seen, who preferred to blend into days, weeks, months, not under the harsh light of the sun’s illumination but in the gray sameness of a winter landscape?
Life had cheated her, stripped the grace and agility from her body; one freakish accident with her prized mare had left her with a broken back and pain so fierce, that not even the pills in her bedside drawer could completely erase it. They did help smooth out the rough edges, cast a haze over the excruciating debilitation seizing her body.
She turned toward the nightstand and a stab of pain shot down her spine. Good God. Gloria slid a pack of cigarettes from the top of the nightstand, fished out a cigarette. No one knew what she put up with every day, had lived with for the past sixteen years. Arthritis they called it, tangled around the length of her spine, knotty and coarse, pinching and throbbing, all because of one stupid second when she’d lost her concentration, forgotten about the steep jump that required an extra lift from Madame Bovary’s hind quarters. She’d been thinking about telling Charles she wanted to take a trip to London, just the two of them. At the time, she’d even considered broaching the subject she’d been obsessing with for the past three weeks—joining the firm and becoming Blacksworth & Company’s liaison for its international clients. She was qualified, capable, and ready. Christine had been eleven at the time and Gloria knew she couldn’t spend one more afternoon with the Junior Women’s League discussing draperies and low-fat diets.
London would have been wonderful, filled with endless opportunity, maybe even a second chance for her and Charles to get…reacquainted. Maybe. But the possibilities never left her thoughts, never formed themselves into words that Charles might hear and respond to, whether a yes or no. None of it had happened because one crisp October afternoon Gloria forgot to pull up on Madame Bovary’s reins, and the mare had stumbled, fallen forward against the fence and then down, taking Gloria with her, the shrill scream of rider and animal blending as they hit the ground. Madame Bovary’s weight crushed Gloria into the black dirt, killing the possibility of London and international liaison. Killing everything.
Gloria blew out a faint puff of smoke, set her cigarette in the ashtray. Charles didn’t like the fact that she smoked. Do you think perhaps you could give these up? he’d asked right after their honeymoon, holding a pack of cigarettes between his tanned fingers. Maybe try? That was all he had to say, so polite, unassuming, but she would have done anything to capture his smile. She’d snatched the pack and tossed it into the fireplace, watched the cellophane darken and shrivel, the gold letters singe to black. It had been hard but she’d done it, she’d quit on the spot, though for weeks after she’d stood by her friends as they puffed on their cigarettes and she’d inhaled deeply, trying to suck in gulps of tobacco smoke, anything to breathe nicotine into her body. Eventually, the craving waned or perhaps it was smothered by Charles’s disappointed look one night as he watched her sidle up to a group of women ringed in gray smoke and open her mouth wide, drawing in puffs of exhaust, greedy, starving for one more fix. The why hadn’t mattered, nothing had but staying away from the nicotine rush…to please her husband.
She’d started again fourteen years ago. It was really quite innocent, the starting again, sparked by nothing in particular, at least that’s what she told herself. It might have been the beauty of her friend Elsie’s cigarette case, an artful needlepoint bouquet of slender pink and red roses set against black that drew her to pick it up, take a quick peek inside. There’d been six cigarettes in the pack. She’d lifted the case to her nose, inhaled so deeply even today she still remembered the nicotine filling her lungs. Then she’d sat down at the kitchen table and smoked all six.
But maybe it hadn’t been the case or the desire for the nicotine rush at all. Maybe, and this was a possibility she didn’t dwell on too often, she’d been driven by the incessant magazine ads, the beautiful men and women dressed in Halston and Blass, talking, laughing, smiling, fingers touching, caressing, slim cigarettes dangling from well-manicured nails. Gloria had wanted to be like these people, not just to look like them, because in truth, she was more beautiful than many of the overdone women in the glossies. No, she didn’t want their sun-streaked hair, their tummy tucks, Botox injections, or red acrylics. What she wanted was more elusive.
She wanted what hid behind the smiles. She wanted their intimacy, their joy. There were too many spaces in her life, too much emptiness with nothing and no one to fill them, not husband, child… not even self.
Where had it all gone? Was it the chronic pain that had stripped her sense of self away, stolen her happiness, replaced it with a beautiful, fragile sculpture that could not touch or be touched without hurting? And was the pain physical in nature, or more visceral, brought on by an injury to her innate being, heart, mind, soul?
It didn’t matter, not really. She filled the house with lemon air fresheners and bowls of cinnamon hard candies and kept the only ashtray in the house, a small, blue ceramic dish Christine had made in art class, in the bottom drawer of her nightstand. And of course, she only smoked four days a month when Charles was out of town. Even her clothing was carefully aired to dispel the clinging acridness of cigarette smoke. It all required planning and thoughtfulness but the subterfuge was minor compared to secrets many husbands and wives kept from one another.
She leaned forward, slid open the bottom drawer of her nightstand and eased out a half-empty bottle of Crown Royal. A smile slid across her face. Charles would be home tonight. Greta was most likely busy in the kitchen already, preparing the meal for this evening; lamb with sage and roasted garlic, asparagus in a light hollandaise sauce, heavy cream upset Charles’s stomach, roasted potatoes, apple strudel. She ran a hand through her hair, felt the tangle at the back of her head. She had an appointment with Oliver at Mon Ami’s in two hours, a color lift as he called it. Oliver said she had gorgeous hair, like sun shining on a field of wheat. And like the wheat, every now and again her hair needed a bit more sun to turn its natural hue. You are a most gorgeous woman, he said with an assessing smile every time she stepped into his chair, his French accent molding his words into a liquid body massage. Exquisite. Your husband is a very fortunate man.
Yes. Charles was a very fortunate man. She took another drink of coffee, enjoyed the whiskey burn as it traveled down her throat. Fortunate, indeed.
She set the cup down, picked up the cigarette and sucked hard. What to wear tonight? Perhaps the beige Armani silk dress. No, that was too drab unless she dressed it up with pearls or the diamond marquis necklace Charles had given her for their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary; two carats, everyone commented on it. Yes, that’s what she would wear tonight. She snubbed out the cigarette and reached for the bottle of pills, flipped the top open. Some women took no pride in their appearance. They went shopping in shorts, faded and stained no less, and oversized shirts and flip flops, especially the young mothers. Didn’t they know they looked slovenly with their hair tossed up in a barrette or worse yet, hidden under a ball cap? A woman should act like a woman, dress like a woman, not some advertisement for the athletic department. And then there were the overweight ones, hiding underneath smocks large enough to fill in as a circus tent with nothing to constrict or remind them that they needed to reconsider their dietary regime. The only reminder would be the mirror and it was doubtful any of them relied on that, overweight or not.
Even Christine, a professional woman, childless, husbandless, traipsed around in sweatpants and sweatshirts. Why? What was wrong with her? With all of these women? No wonder more than half of all marriages failed. What man would want to come home every night to a woman who dressed like a man? And then served him macaroni and cheese out of a box or worse, pizza from the delivery boy? Gloria tapped out a pill, popped it in her mouth and swallowed.
When Charles came home at night she made sure she was dressed accordingly—Chanel pantsuit, Claiborne dress, Blass pants and blouse. When Charles came home she served him Chateaubriand or veal scaloppini with new red potatoes drizzled with butter and sprinkled with chives.
When Charles came home…tonight…
Four days a month wasn’t so bad; it was actually quite tolerable. She took a healthy sip of coffee, then another. Some women’s husbands were gone for weeks at a time or at least every week, even had apartments in other cities across the country, and only spent Saturdays and Sundays at home. Not Charles. Her husband was gone four days a month—ninety-six hours and then he was home, sleeping right beside her in their four-poster king size bed.
Gloria smiled. He’d be here by seven as usual. And of course, Christine would come, and that ridiculous fool Charles called a brother. Harry Blacksworth was nothing but a drunk living off of his family’s good name. But Charles insisted Harry be invited and damn that man, Harry always came. He had gall coming to their home, laughing, talking to Charles as though he deserved to be there, as though nothing had happened. Sometimes she wanted to just open her mouth and let the words fall out in one screaming jumble, let Charles know the truth about his little brother, Harry. But she wouldn’t, she’d never tell. And Harry Blacksworth knew that.
***
Gloria again—after Charles’s death
Januarys in Chicago were bleak, the mornings marred by the previous night’s swell of ice or snow. Years ago, she’d welcomed the wet darkness with its cold harsh winds, thought it would be the perfect test for what was to come when she moved to London… Now the mornings brought pain to her back, the arthritis tightest during damp weather like a fist gnarled around her vertebra, squeezing. Still, she preferred dark winter months to summer’s brilliance. There was too much symbolism in the white light, too many lost possibilities.
She’d suffered her first miscarriage three months before her first anniversary, during a scorching July fourth weekend. Fireworks split the sky as splotches of bright red stained her white shorts, doubling her over in cramped spasms. The doctor said she’d barely been pregnant. Eight months later she lost another child, this one five months along, much more than barely pregnant. It was August eighth; she’d just stepped out of the shower and reached for a towel when the pain ripped through her, buckling her knees, slumping her to the floor. She gripped her belly with one hand and clamped the other low, trying desperately to stop the blood that oozed between her legs. So much blood, too much for the baby, a boy she named Charles Edwin. They buried him in St. Thomas’s Cemetery two days after Gloria was discharged from the hospital with a new pint of blood flowing through her veins and a prescription to ease the grief.
There was another barely pregnant loss the next year which kept her in bed three months afterward, too listless to comb her hair or shower, or even eat. What was the point? But eventually Charles coaxed her into seeing a doctor who prescribed more pills and life was once again back on a steady, slightly tilted track.
And then, just after her fourth anniversary, a horrible time when she wondered if there would be a fifth, she found herself pregnant with Christine.
Living could be such a difficult proposition. Thank God for pills to smooth out the rough spots, blend the hours like an artist dipping his brush in water and smearing it on a canvas dotted with paint. Everything ran together—the beginning, the end, the edges, the middle—it was all the same, all even, all tolerable.
Life really was an ugly undertaking, stripped naked with bruises and scars that could make even the most adventurous individual reconsider the trek unless he chose an easier route, a way to get through it, or maybe around it, whether it be with another person, a pill, a bottle, even a charge card could suffice at times.
She was doing quite well considering the circumstances, had made it through the calling hours, the service, the small gathering after the funeral, the hundreds of bodies hugging her, shaking her hand, kissing her cheek, mouthing the same words, So sorry, Charles was such a wonderful man. We’ll all miss him, over and over. She’d pasted the half-smile on her face, forced herself to reply, Yes, we’ll all miss him, and Harry, standing in the background, watching her. She fished a pill from the bottle, swallowed it, noticed there was only a third of a bottle left. She’d have to call Roger, talk to him about upping the dose, the damn stuff just didn’t work like it used to. Of course, he’d tell her that wasn’t a good idea, that’s what he’d said when she’d been on other pills. He’d said she should consider alternative therapy in conjunction with the pills—acupuncture, bio-feedback, massage. But in the end he’d pulled out his prescription pad and written her name on it. He’d do the same now, tonight actually, when she saw him and Astrid for dinner.
And tomorrow she was meeting with Beverly and Rita to start planning the Women’s Auxiliary Spring Fashion Show. They’d thought she wouldn’t be interested in chairing the program this year, that she might need time alone; to recover, reorganize, regroup. Oh, God, if they only knew.
Charles was dead. How was she to move forward? Thirty-one years together wiped out with a single phone call. What did women do when the other half of their existence was brutally erased?
What would she do?
Christine was all she had now and she was leaving for the Catskills in two days. Gloria supposed it was her daughter’s way of dealing with her grief; going to the last place her father had been, perhaps even locating the spot where his car had flipped and he’d taken his last breaths. Why would a person torture herself like that? The knowing should be enough without the details. Details killed people’s souls, drove them mad. It was better not to know, not to ask question after question, prying apart truth from lie. It was better just to accept.
And ignore the details.
***
For those who have read A Family Affair, I am including an alternate ending. If you’ve not read it, please stop here! A Family Affair was initially intended for a broader general fiction audience and there was not as much concentration on the romance between Christine and Nate. What happened to Lily in this version was a wake-up call to embrace life, forgive, and live forward. But in the end, I just couldn’t do it, so I turned Lily into a living symbol of hope and unconditional love.

Alternate ending to A Family Affair
“Okay, Lily.” Mr. Lipton handed her the reins. “Now you go twice around by yourself and I’ll watch. Just remember what we went over. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Good luck. You can do it.”
She eased the horse into the ring, talking to her as they walked. “Isn’t this so much fun, Jenny? What do you think? Huh? I think it’s fun.” They moved along the path, the sun beating down on them. “Do you like the sun, Jenny? Do you get too hot?” She giggled. “Do you ever get a bath?” They made the first round and started on the second. “Does that thing hurt your mouth? I won’t pull too hard, okay? Is that better?” She leaned forward a little, whispered, “You know, my sister had a horse that looked like you. Her name was Lady Annabelle and she won ribbons. Lots of them. Did you ever win a ribbon, Jenny? Huh?” She patted a patch of fur. “We could win ribbons, I bet, me and you. What do you think?” Pat, pat, pat. She glanced at the white fence in front of her. “Maybe if Mr. Lipton saw you jump he’d let you be my horse and we could win ribbons together. Blue’s first place.” They were almost halfway around; the stretch of field past the white fence was green and soft-looking. “We could win lots of ribbons. Do you want to win a ribbon, Jenny? Do you want to be my horse?”
They could win lots of ribbons like Christine and Lady Annabelle. Mr. Lipton just had to see that Jenny could jump.
“Let’s jump, Jenny. Let’s jump!” Lily kicked the animal’s sides hard like she’d seen cowboys do in the movies when they wanted to get their horses to run. Jenny’s Promise let out a yelp and took off straight for the fence, fast, faster. “Go, girl!” Lily leaned in low, clutched her arms around the horse’s neck like Christine had told her to do. 
She didn’t hear the screams behind her; there was nothing but the sound of hooves beating against the ground, the feel of the wind on her face, the rhythmic speed of Jenny’s Promise’s body, moving and rising, high, higher, lifting them over the fence in one perfect jump.
We did it! We did it!
Lily’s eyes were squeezed shut, a smile on her face when the horse landed, stumbled, threw her to the ground in one quick jerk. Jenny’s Promise recovered, tore across the field, stopping several hundred feet away where she lowered her head and began grazing. Mr. Lipton was the first to reach Lily, the first to notice the unnatural bend to her neck as she lay face down in the moss-green pasture, the riding hat several feet in front of her. He swore under his breath and made the sign of the cross, then knelt and gently eased her onto her back. A trickle of blood escaped her full lips but Lily Eleanor Desantro, age fourteen, was still smiling, even in death.
***
Harry flipped through a client file, made a few notes. He’d done a little preventative maintenance, made some suggestions, that was it. It was Christine’s client and she wasn’t in any shape to deal with it, so he had.
He still couldn’t believe the girl was dead. Fourteen years old, first time on a horse and the damn animal takes off, jumps the fence. It was a shame, a damn shame. Harry had gone to the funeral, saddest hour he’d spent in a long time, even worse than Charlie’s funeral. And that picture of the girl would be embedded in his brain forever; a 10x13 glossy propped in the center of the coffin’s satin folds. She’d been wearing a riding outfit, sitting on a white horse, smiling like there was no tomorrow. Damn. The kid hadn’t even lived.
Lily Desantro sure had a lot of people who cared about her. The church had been packed and the house, hell, you had to squeeze one cheek at a time to get through the doorway. If he died, he could only count on Chrissie to be there, maybe Greta.
Everybody told him about Charlie, how they missed him, what a great person he was…how Harry resembled him.
The second he looked into Miriam Desantro’s hazel eyes, heard her soft voice, he knew why Charlie had fallen for her. She was a genuine piece of humanity, sincere, gracious, kind of like Greta in a way and not bad to look at either. The son wasn’t the son of a bitch Harry thought he might be. Maybe the girl’s death changed him or maybe being with Chrissie had. Or hell, maybe he’d been more bluster than anything else. If Harry’s mother had been sleeping with a married man for fourteen years and had a kid with her, he doubted he’d be rolling out the red carpet when the guy died. Either way, Harry liked the guy. He wasn’t a Connor Pendleton, thank God. Actually, he was civilized and quiet which was better than running at the mouth all night. Chrissie said he’d had a full beard but shaved it the morning after the girl died because she’d never liked it, said it was too scratchy.
Why was it that people waited until somebody died to honor his wishes? As if the dead person cares then? It happened all the time, somebody dies, somebody runs out and does what the dead person’s been begging him to do for months, years, maybe even decades. It’s all wasted effort at that point, the only good it serves is to soothe somebody’s conscience.
Even so, this Nate Desantro was a decent guy and if not cutting his mountain-man beard was the worst thing he ever did to his sister then he was okay. Chrissie seemed to think so, she hardly left his side and he was glued pretty tight to her, too. Harry hadn’t missed the part where she offered to stay at Nate’s to “give you a place at Miriam’s.” Did she think old Uncle Harry was stupid? He laughed. Good for her, sometimes the only thing you could count on in this miserable world was a little body warmth.
The knock on the door yanked him from his thoughts. “Come in.”
It was Chrissie, arms loaded with a stack of files. She looked pale, thinner. In the two weeks since they’d been back he’d hardly seen her. She’d been holed up at home doing paperwork or God knew what, or buried in her office. “Hi, Uncle Harry, can I come in?”
“Hey, Chrissie girl. You and the cleaning lady are the only ones brave enough to step foot in here. Come on in.” She closed the door behind her, set the files on one of the chairs next to his desk and sat in the other. “What’s this?” He pointed to the files.
“Client files.” She fidgeted in her chair. “Some things I need to go over with you.”
“Oh?”
“I…it isn’t working, Uncle Harry. I can’t do this anymore.”
He didn’t have to ask what, he knew. She couldn’t live the life anymore, not since she’d found another one, a real one. “I know.”
“You do?”
“Give me a little credit for having at least a tiny bit of gray matter up here,” he said, pointing to his head. “And I’m not talking about the hair either.”
“I do give you credit, Uncle Harry. You don’t give yourself enough.”
“You’re probably right but you didn’t come here to talk about me, did you?”
“No.”
“You’re coming to dump these files on me hoping that because I’ve been sneaking around helping you out that maybe now I’ll start taking an interest in the company, handle some of your clients?”
“Well, kind of.”
He held up a hand. “I’m not finished yet. You’re doing all of this so you can clear your conscience and head back to that damn boyfriend of yours.”
“I thought you liked Nate.”
“I do but that doesn’t mean I want him stealing you away.”
“He isn’t—”
“He already has, that whole damn town has. His mother, him, even that old geezer, Jack what’s his name, they’re all in love with you.”
She smiled. “Finnegan, Jack Finnegan.”
“Whatever.”
“I have to give something back, help people who really need it. When—” she paused, took a deep breath “—when Lily died it made me realize I had to do something that wasn’t about me. I could teach the people of Magdalena how to protect their money, make it grow through investment strategies, savings, debt reduction, maybe I’d even show them how to apply for a small business loan, analyze mortgage rates—”
“Okay, okay, I get it.”
“Those people need me and I need them.”
“Yeah, I guess.” She was slipping away, he could feel it.
“Nate said he might even consider starting a custom furniture making business. I could help him with that; get all the financing in order, maybe even make a small investment, if he’d let me. And Miriam needs me now. I want to be there for her.”
“Enough. I get the picture.”
“I’ll be back to see you and you’ll come see me. It’s not that far.”
“Sure.” He twirled his pen between his fingers. “You tell your mother yet?”
“No.”
“Are you planning to or are you going to just let her find out when you don’t show up for Christmas dinner?”
“I don’t know. It’s not something you slip into casual conversation.”
“Are you ever going to forgive her?” Are you ever going to forgive me?
“Someday. I can’t deal with that whole issue right now. Uncle Harry?”
“Hmm?”
“I never got to tell Lily I loved her.” Her voice shook, the words falling apart with each breath. “Right before she went for her ride she told us all she loved us and I was going to tell her too, just as soon as she got off the horse.” She pressed her fingers against the bridge of her nose, “I never got to tell her.”
“I’m sure she knew, Chrissie.”
“Do you think so?” Her eyes were wet, her face pained. “I really did love her.” She fingered the small heart necklace she was wearing.
“I know.”
“I love you, too.”
“And I love you.”
“And—” she swiped a hand over her face “—whether or not you’re my biological father you did more for me these last months than most fathers would do for their daughters.”
“I don’t know about that.”
“Thank you for being a father to me when I really needed one.”
He opened his mouth to speak but dammit he couldn’t get the words out. He coughed, cleared his throat, once, twice. “Charlie—”
“Was a good father, too.” She reached across the desk, squeezed his hand. “I don’t want to know which one of you was my biological father. I’ve been lucky enough to have two fathers in my life and that’s how I want to leave it.”
He nodded. “If I’d known you’d be looking at me like a father, hell I would’ve watched my mouth around you.”
She laughed. “If you did, Uncle Harry, you wouldn’t be you.”
“You’ve got a point there.”
“I’ve got something for you.” She reached into her pocket, pulled out a shiny gold object—his father’s pocket watch.
“What the hell, where’d you get that?”
“Miriam gave it to me.” She laid it on the desk, eased it toward him. “And I’m giving it to you.”
“No.” He gripped the armrests of his chair, pushed himself away. He’d spent half his life hating that watch, secretly wishing his father would consider giving it to him, knowing he wouldn’t. “I don’t want it.”
“Listen to me, please. I know the significance of this watch, at least back when you and Dad were younger. It was nothing but a prize to be won by the Blacksworth who worked the hardest, the longest, and stripped away pieces of himself for the good of the company. Dad knew this, knew it would destroy everyone who wore it unless he could reinvent its meaning.” She touched the edge of the watch. “He gave it to Lily. All she knew was that the watch was beautiful and shiny like the sun. And that it was a gift from a man she loved very much.”
“I…” He eyed the watch, still keeping a respectable distance from it.
“Take it, Uncle Harry. Don’t let your father have that hold over you. Take it and think of Lily, the little girl who changed all of our lives.” He reached out, touched the watch’s face. “It’s yours now.”
He covered his hand over the watch, felt its smooth surface mold into his palm. “Thank you, Chrissie.” It was all he could manage.
She stood and walked to his side of the desk. “You’re welcome.”
He let out a long sigh. “Guess you’re getting ready to head out?”
“My suitcase is already in the car.”
“Does Nate know you’re coming?”
“No, I didn’t know myself until two hours ago.”
“Good. Keep him guessing.” He eased out of his chair, pulled her into his arms. “You take care, girl. And you better damn well not forget where I live.”
“Never.” She hugged him tight, buried her face in his jacket. “Thank you.” He swore she whispered something else. Dad? It sure as hell sounded like it but he didn’t have the guts to find out.
“You better get going before I change my mind and try to force you to stay here.”
She kissed his cheek and smiled up at him. “You’re a good man, Uncle Harry.”
“Yeah, good for nothing.”
“I love you.”
“I love you, too, now go already. I really am going to change my mind. I mean it, damn straight I do.” Her laughter filled the room. When she reached the door, she turned, raised a hand in silent good-bye and then she was gone.
How could parents do this over and over, raise children and then watch them walk out of their lives? Were they all masochists? Why would they do that to themselves? Deep down he knew the answer, had felt it when Chrissie told him she loved him. They did it because for all the pain and heartache children brought, they gave back equal amounts of pure, limitless, joy.
The phone rang and he thought it might be Greta calling about menu selections for the restaurant. Harry’s Folly. He’d thought of the name himself. He didn’t care what the hell she served as long as it wasn’t that damn radicchio. He wondered sometimes if she fabricated reasons to call him so she could talk to him. Damn, but the woman didn’t give up. He’d told her they were no good together, that he wasn’t the settling down type and didn’t she go and invite him to Sunday dinner? And didn’t he go and accept? She was wearing him down with that little German accent of hers and that smile, but truth was, he wasn’t fighting as hard as he used to, maybe he wasn’t fighting much at all anymore.
What the hell. He picked up the phone, “Harry Blacksworth.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Blacksworth, this is Belinda. I’m looking for Ms. Blacksworth.”
“You’re the new girl, aren’t you?”
“I’ve been here six months, sir.”
“Like I said, the new girl. Ten years will make you the old girl.” He laughed.
“I’m sorry to bother you, sir, but is Ms. Blacksworth available?”
“No, she’s not. She went home.” Home. Hell, yes, there was truth in those words. “What did you need?”
“One of her clients is on the line.” Pause. “It’s fine, Mr. Blacksworth. I’ll just take a message. I’m so sorry to bother you.”
“Slow down. Belinda, right? Maybe I can help.”
“Excuse me, sir?”
“Novel idea, I know. Tell you what, why don’t you take a message and tell her client I’ll call back in fifteen minutes or so. Then bring me the file and I’ll see what I can do.”
Silence.
“Belinda?”
“Thank you, Mr. Blacksworth, thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome.” He hung up the receiver, and settled back in his chair. The gold pocket watch lay in the middle of his desk, its power diminishing under the memory of the young girl who’d changed all of their lives. Harry reached for the watch, pressed it into his palm, and laughed.
The End

A Family Affair, Truth in Lies Series, Book One

Real families aren’t always the ones you know about...

When Christine Blacksworth’s larger-than-life father is killed on an icy road in Magdalena, New York, a hundred miles from the “getaway” cabin he visited every month, she discovers a secret that threatens everything she’s always held to be true. Her father has another family which includes a mistress and a daughter. Determined to uncover the truth behind her father’s secret life, Christine heads to Magdalena, prepared to hate the people who have caused her to question everything she thought she knew about her father. But what she finds is a woman who understands her, a half sister who cherishes her, and a man who could love her if she’ll let him. The longer she’s around them, the more she questions which family is the real one…

Chapter Nine: Time
The final story I planned to include was titled, Time. It embodies the push behind my writing. If memory serves, I wrote this before my life fell apart. I might have been pregnant with my third child or maybe she was only a few months old. I can’t remember, but when I read this story, I sensed the urgency in the words… for me at least. What was I thinking? Why did I write about time and regrets? It’s probably better I can’t recall, but that outpouring opened my heart and my soul to the need for more words, more exploration. More stories. And that’s where A Family Affair came from, as well as Simple Riches ...and all the others that followed and those to come.
I’m not going to include this piece because it’s so very fractured and has way too many clichés. The story is about a woman racing through life with such urgent determination that she misses out on actually living. A blinding light overtakes her on the road and this signals her time is done. (Did I say this was a bit overdone?) Anyway, through the mucky writing and bad storyline, the woman is taking her last breaths and thinks the following:
My carefully mapped-out, pre-programmed, organized life has led me to a dead end. But how could I know which road to take when I’d been using the wrong map? Maybe I could get back on track… refocus… get one more chance…
Oh, how I want that second chance, for there are so many regrets I need to make right. Why is the light growing dimmer? And dimmer still?
Hope dies in my heart. There will be no second chance for me. How ironic that a consummate planner such as myself should be totally unprepared to make the final walk in life.
Tomorrow. A word to be used wisely. As I close my eyes one last time, I realize the only tomorrows I will ever again know are made up of yesterdays.
Time is fleeting. Savor the moment.
The End

Simple Riches
It’s all about that second chance...
Simple Riches is Book Three of That Second Chance Series. (These are stand-alone books tied together by a common theme—belief in the beauty of that second chance.)

If you enjoyed the small town sense of community and caring in A Family Affair (Truth in Lies Series) you’ll experience that same coziness in Simple Riches. There’s heartache, betrayal, forgiveness, and redemption, all wrapped up and waiting for you. 
Alexandra “Alex” Chamberlain is a big city girl who knows nothing about close-knit families, sibling rivalry, or receiving an unsolicited opinion in the name of family. She’s been raised by an aunt and uncle who’ve provided her with a wealthy lifestyle and a fancy education, but have withheld what she craved most—love and acceptance. Her uncle has taught her to disregard everything but the bottom line on a balance sheet and she’ll do anything to earn his approval. She prides herself on excelling at her job which is selecting small towns to buy, flatten, and replace with luxury resorts. When Alex decides to investigate Restalline, Pennsylvania, as a potential site for the next resort, she enters the town under the guise of a researcher gathering information for a documentary. Her uncle wants this project badly, and she’s not going to disappointment him.
This town should be like all the others. Only it isn’t. This town has the Androviches, a family who values hard work, honesty, and doing the right thing. And this town has Nick Androvich, the town doctor with a battered heart who doesn’t quite trust her, but can’t deny the mutual attraction. 
Oh, but it’s going to get messy when the truth about Alex’s real purpose for being in Restalline sneaks out...and the truth always does. But fear not, the town is not going to sit by quietly and watch this meant-to-be-together couple lose their happily ever after…

That Second Chance Series
Book One: Pulling Home
Book Two: The Way They Were
Book Three: Simple Riches
Book Four: Paradise Found
Book Five: Not Your Everyday Housewife
Book Six: The Butterfly Garden



If you’d like to be notified of my new releases, please sign up at http://www.marycampisi.com.
Many thanks for choosing to spend your time reading Begin Again. Now go forward and jump into that second chance!

Copyright 2012 by Mary Campisi

BEGIN AGAIN: Short stories from the heart is a work of fiction. Names, characters, and situations are all products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to real persons, locales, or events, are purely coincidental. This e-book is copyright protected. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
About the Author

Mary Campisi writes emotion-packed books about second chances. Whether contemporary romances, women’s fiction, or Regency historicals, her books all center on belief in the beauty of that second chance.
Mary should have known she’d become a writer when at age thirteen she began changing the ending to all the books she read. It took several years and a number of jobs, including registered nurse, receptionist in a swanky hair salon, accounts payable clerk, and practice manager in an OB/GYN office, for her to rediscover writing. Enter a mouse-less computer, a floppy disk, and a dream large enough to fill a zip drive. The rest of the story lives on in every book she writes.
When she’s not working on her craft or following the lives of five adult children, Mary’s digging in the dirt with her flowers and herbs, cooking, reading, walking her rescue lab mix, Cooper, or on the perfect day, riding off into the sunset with her very own ‘hero’ husband on his Ultra Limited aka Harley.
Mary has published with Kensington, Carina Press, and The Wild Rose Press.

smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/MaryCampisi
website: www.marycampisi.com
e-mail: mary@marycampisi.com
twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/MaryCampisi
blog: http://www.marycampisi.com/blog/
facebook: http://www.facebook.com/marycampisibooks
Other Books by Mary Campisi:
Contemporary Romance:
Truth in Lies Series
Book One: A Family Affair
Book Two: A Family Affair: Spring
Book Three: A Family Affair: Summer 
Book Four: A Family Affair: Fall – (2014)
Book Five: A Family Affair: Winter ­ (TBA)

That Second Chance Series
Book One: Pulling Home
Book Two: The Way They Were
Book Three: Simple Riches
Book Four: Paradise Found
Book Five: Not Your Everyday Housewife
Book Six: The Butterfly Garden

The Betrayed Trilogy
Book One: Pieces of You
Book Two: Secrets of You
Book Three: What’s Left of Her: a novella
Boxed Set: The Betrayed Trilogy

Begin Again: Short stories from the heart
The Sweetest Deal

Regency Historical:
An Unlikely Husband Series 
Book One - The Seduction of Sophie Seacrest
Book Two - A Taste of Seduction
Book Three - A Touch of Seduction, a novella – (2015)
Book Four - A Scent of Seduction – (TBA)

The Model Wife Series
Book One:  The Redemption of Madeline Munrove

Young Adult:
Pretending Normal
